[COKTUttJEfi from satukdat's ISStfB.] [IfOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] [all rights RESERVED.] FETTERS OF FIRE. BY COMPTON READE, Author of " Take Caiie Whom You Trust, "Under Which King?" "Habd Lines, etc. CHAPTER SYI. Matrimonial Incidents. Mr. Belper, as may be anticipated, had long since paid the debt of nature. His last months were embittered by the bad be haviour of a worthless son-in-law and the piteous complainings of an injured daughter. Kate, however, if to relieve a wounded spirit she persistently harped on one theme, at all events displayed sincere affcction towards the dying man. As soon as her confinement was over she devoted herself to him, smoothed the pillow of pain, and in her own ebullient fashion would draw contrasts between one who did love her and one who did not. ' You are mine, and I'm yours, pa !' she would snuffle in her Cockney vernacular ; and he felt it a broad compliment to bo thus placed above her Lothario of a husband. Tlio wily old lawyer rewarded her. 'Kate,' whispered he, when they were all alone and he knew that the lamp of life was flickering and must shortly go out ; ' Kate, I've left you everything" No trustees for that fellow to cajole. Every sixpence under your own control. I can trust you not to let him handle anything. He shan't bo your master, if I can help it. I've promised that the business is to be sold. He's not my partner, but my clerk, and if tho follow likes to serve under the new man, ho can. He don't bene fit in any way by me—that I promise him. I've made the chap your pensioner, my girl, and mind you hold your own, or, mark my words, he'll sell you !' Kate kissed her father g wrinkled visage right jubilantly, ifc was glorious to think that Charley stood so completely at her mercy. Then and there she registered a re solution to give him everything he needed at home—the best horses to ride, the most luxurious table, raiment to consume King Solomon himself with jealousy, but withal no money, or it would go helter-skelter to Mesdsames Lais and Phryne. He was to be her servant—boarded, clothed, indulged witliiii a circumscribed radius, but wholly ■without wages. However, it takes two to make a bargain, and when Mr. Belper was gathered to his fathers, and the famous business waB Bold, Charley neatly contrived that the purchaser one Mr. Tarton, from Manchester--sh'o'uld take him as junior partner, with the view of keeping tho connection tbgether. That gave him a small but independent income, and he therefore told Kate plainly that unless she consented to place tho entire control of her large firtune at his disposal, she might go her way and he would go his, for it was his intention to be master in his own house. She summoned the aid of relatives On her side, but when for the Second time an appeal was launched to the i?itzhugh family, it fell fiat—indaed the vicar told her frankly, that the role her ingenuity had chalked out for her husband was one no man of spirit would accept. Her relatives, however, supported the demand she put forward, based as it was on the obvious purport of her late father's will, and then Charley proved a man of his word. He took chambers in St. James', and told her that whenever she might elect to behave as a wife towards him he could return home; not before. The Jinks clan were-,as might be siipposod, outraged; and in their fury addressed them selves to Fitzaltaniont Fitzhugh, Lord Of the Manor of Rewely, in Cheshire blit failed to take the change Out of that gentleman. He replied, in fact, that the alliance with Mr. j Belper c aaughter was not one he should have ; preferred for a son of his, had it not been that the lady was supposed to possess the attraction of a small fortune. Further, that Mr. Belper's will was conceived in a spirit of hostility to his son, and that he for one felt that the poor fellow had been simply trapped into a mesalliance under false representa tions. As for interfering—certainly not. Charly might have been a little frivolous, but this sort of treatment he regarded as simply intolerable and outrageous. It may be added that the epithets hurled by Mr. Fitzaltaniont issued from the very depths of that gentlenVAn^s heftrt. For this reason—there was a heavyisli mortgage on Rewely, and rents having fallen, four per cent, interest thereon reduced his available income seriously. He had therefore concocted a little pleas ant scheme whereby the existing mortgage should be paid off with Mrs. Kate's money, and was prepared to pay three per cent, for the accommodation. Without his son's friendly assistance this financial operation could not be carried out, could not indeed be proposed, so that the shoe pinched him hard, and he begged Charley to stand firm. Charley needed no such paternal exhorta tion. The freedom of bachelor's, quarters all the fun of the fair—alas> all its riot, suited him admirably. He Informed the Jinks clan jauntily that he considered himself a fortunate and happy man in being able to associate entirely with gentlemen, in lieu Of being muddled up with a set of people devoid of the faintest pre tension to breeding, and very much looked like one who had thrown off a lead. In short, whereas they came whining and bullying, he met their grievances with cool insolence, and they returned m con sequence, objurgating vehemently, but ridiculously disconcerted. Moreover, the plan of taking sides in a quarrel between man and wife never yet paid meddlers. Fortified by her Jinkses, Kate held out bravely for a couple of months. Absence, however, makes the heart grow fonder, and Juno, dire as her wrath may be, is only a woman. The advantage was all on his side, who cared not a button for her ; the weakness on hers, who loved the man all the more on accouut of the stimulus of jealoiisy. Every night as she rocked hiby Charley to sleep, the thought oi: his father tortured her, and besides that, her little world of snobdom began to chatter. At first it came with stilletoes in the shape of delicate inquiries after Mr. Fitzhugh, which she had to parry by taradiddles as to business taking him from home. Next, the truth began to leak out and then she had to face the fierce stabs of condolence. To be sympathised -with for being a grass widow is a refined form of ti rture, and one a young woman of her stiff temper fotind about as agreeable as ' the scavenger's daughter.' She felt ere long that she must bang the door in her friends' faces. Her own misery seemed hard enough by it self, but was intensified a hundred fold in being bo thoroughly enjoyed by people she had all along regarded as slightly her in ferior. The situation was rapidly becoming unbearable. It terminated on the ordinary lines of human nature. Lady Jinks, in a vein of ' mauvaise plaisanterie,' had the effrontery to congratulate her on having dispensed with an incubus, whereupon the vaneveered round abruptly to the opposite point. She informed her ladyship that it was exceedingly wroug to persuade a wife to disobey her husband, and accused the entire.Iinks' clan of mischief making. This 'bien entondu' set up her ladyship's back, and in the language of Cockaigne that sample of civic aristocracy dubbed poor Charley a beast. Result— hysterical tears on the part of Kate, and a scene. She wanted someone to blame, not being prepared to accept the entire onus in her proper person, so she quarrelled hand over head with well-meaning relatives, when only fault consisted in their vehement partisanshipof her cause. Odd, but nothing more than paradoxical! The Jinks ought to have known that when a wife declares she hates her husband the interlinear significance of that utterance is blind love. Charley took the measure of his snosa far mere accura telv. Now arose tlio problem of reconciliation. She threw out a feeler. He was irresponsive. She went a little further. He replied coldly and, indeed, was at somo pains to throw dust in his wife's eyes. She, in turn, got to half-trust him, the more so because he never afforded her the slightest pretext for jealousy. Hence the pair jogged along somehow, and the little world wherein they moved began to opine that things, if they might have been I better in the past, might have been worse in the present—which was perhaps not very far from the truth. It was just after the birth of tho third baby that a little rift started in this not very tuneful lute. Among other investments hazarded by Charley was one strongly recommended by a stock-broking friend, to whom he had been originally introduced by Misg Tiddy Tar battle. The said friend may, or may not, have ' been personally interested in the promotion of the Sequentia Gold, Silver, and Copper Mining Syndicate. Anyhow, he coaxed Charloy into risking a matter of five thousand pounds in this venture, which 'presented a very rich range of metallurgical possibility to a vivid imagination. Now, if tne truth bo told this large sum represented quite tv/o thirds of the capital subscribed, ^consequently the promoters trusted for their profit "to the chances of the shares obtaining some sort o value when a dividend had been declared. They had secured a pliable board of directors,, and after the first twelve months had no difficulty in persuading those gentlemen to declare a ten per cent, dividend. The money, however, was paid, not out of the profits gained by raising gold, silver,or even copper, but by the nominal vendors—thanks to a little clever financial manipulation, whereby this arrangement remained a secret. Then, as a matter of fact, tho shares did find a market—or rather somo of them—and had Charley beon wide-awake, he would have rea lised his, even at a loss. He let the chance slip. The next year there was no dividond whatsoever, arid the next saw this prociotla concern in liquidation. Now, the Jinks clan had not forgiven Charley for his cool broadside, and when it transpired that he stood in the unenviable position of principal contributor to the funds of a wretched bubble, tliey, in plain English, wanted to know. Lady Jinks had made it up with Kate somo timo back, and she took the earliest opportunity of informing her niece's mind as to what had happened, in quiring slyly whether the five thousand came from her own, or from her husband's private purse? Kato was horrified, and for Once showed her teeth. '_Pa 00I4 hie on his death-bed,' she ^"Spared,'to. hold fast my own money undsr my own control, and I promised Ki'rh solemnly I would do, so-, I dijl mean to keep Hly word to Mitt, only you compelled me to break it.' Charley looked foolish. ' The affair was a swindle,' he replied, ' and the people deserve to be prosecuted.' ' Yes,' cried Kate, 'but that's no good. Perhaps the rest of the money is also in the hands of thieves. I don't know-. I oUght at least to have been consulted.' ' You Signed the transfer of Consols,' mut tered he, 1 Perhaps. And I wish I hadn't. Lady Jinks asked, too, why the shares were not bought in my name 1 The money was mine.' ' Lady Jinks is a mischief-making AVottlatti and I won't stand het Interference. It's bad enoiigh to have lost so much.' ' But what about the rest ?' ' Oh, that's all safe enough.' ' How am I to know 7 ' You'd better leave that to me. Surely I'm as much interested as you are 1 Why do you suspect 7 She made no reply, 'Perhaps it was his judgment rather than his honesty that she dolllued, yet the effect on her mind was un fortunate. When he came back, a welcome and a cordial one had greeted the truant. With the wild confklencc of a silly heart Bhe surrendered everything to him, and now began to learn that it had been misplaced. Moreover, 'omne ignutum pro magnifico' She did not know what financial ghost might not be in the background. The very fact of his dogged reticence wore an ugly look, and they might be tottering on the verge of ruin for all she could surmise. Things were not come to that pass by any means, the bulk of her fortune having been invested in superior Securities, but there were other speculative investments Resides tho Sequentia Mines, aild tlicso her husband did not care to dis close. A littlo candour perhaps would have I saved considerable friction in the proximate future. CHAPTER XVII. The Down-Gkade. Poor dog Telly, whoso previous existence under the roof of Mr. Robert Tubbs, poacher, culgcr, and rascal, had not passed altogether agreeably, cither as regards the quality of provender or of kicks and blows, found his new home, and, above all, his new mistress, most satisfactory. True, he had to pass through a phase' of disagreeableness, the major portion of his coat, being removed, so that he resembled a holly bush very hardly pruned, and his cuticle being doctored' with powerful unguents imparting the odours, not of Araby the blest, ,but of chemical works in an etet win'd, Which is saying much; Still, the legs of mutton left little to be desired, being the finest southdown, and the more expensive varieties of dessert biscuits filled up the interstices. Under such a dietary he contrived to thrive, and being withal clever, and recognising fully the fair banc that fed him developed a profound affection for his mistress. A dog alone is never ungrateful. That affection was requited' -dently. With his shorn coat, and his dressings of oleagi nous abominations, Telly presented to the outward eye a sorry appearance. In all the glory of silky flowing curls, as a young dog, he had been a picture worthy the brush of Briton Riviere or Landseer. How he re sembled ananimal thatt having been drowiied,. has breil resuscitated, but only partially. The sores on his back were in no hurry to heal. He employed much of his Spare . time in scratching and. biting them, while the habit he acquired of 'communicating the veterinary's more potent dressings to the pil» of the drawing-room carpet brought .tears into the eyes of the too conscientious parlor maid. His mistress nevertheless could, per ceivepp fatilt in the dog. She made such a frisa with him, that in his jubilance he^orgot the dignity of age, and turned playful as a puppy-—to the detriment of the Dresden china. From that' statse he advanced to un limited impudence, treating with unbecoming familiarity the white stockinged calves of the footmen, and actually rending the butler's coat-tails. Of course, like the Qudett, he could not err. When he nearly devoured a whole live Persian cat it Was Considered a venial offence. When he. bolted clean through the iifttii a Rabbit dn. tlie l'Awn.—mticn, I grant haa rio business there—it was set down to the score of instinct. When, being the first to enter the breakfast-room, he seized the opportunity of devouring the entire dish of' rogrons a la brochette' intended for the squire, that long-suffering gepfcleftlari was intreated to feel grateful that the dear dog had now sliSh a healthy appetite. The ex cellehco of this stomachic symptom amply atoned, according to Lil, for her husband's deprivation of his favourite plat. Telly, in shortiseeraed to have digested Dr. Smile3, philosophy, and found out that self-help rendered existence more than comfortable. He was a very fortunate dog, and seemed to be fully alive to the fact-. A psychologist acquainted with the out lines of the case would have had little diffi culty in diagnosing the mysterious complaint, which shortly after this animal had been domiciled at Crucival, seemed to have pro strated the mistress of that fair demesne. The dog raised unconsciously from the depths of her inmost self those feelings which had been suppressed but not extirpated. Here-, called the mad hours of intense bliss, when she and Charley Fitzhugh strolled along the water meadows by the HunVo of ili~ lriunaei. Every scene was re-enacted by her memory, over and over again, from the first to the final kiss, until at last those day- dreams be came so much sweet torment, and the mind reacted on the boy. Her slender appetite deserted her. Her temper appeared pain fully uncertain, yet perpetually fretful. A mile's walk would fatigue her, and tho pre sence of the squire became almost insup portable. She talked about £(oing to lonely spot, where she. could be quite t.o her self, yet the plan never took any definite shape. In vain he wracked his brain to think of things she used to dote on. If they came as presents from his hands, she pushed them from her. Tho one ruling idea pre vading her mind was to be solitary Even the brief dinner hour oppressed her so, that she beL'ired to bo excused. Nothing seemed to possess any fascination whatsoever except the dog, and to him she would chatter non sense by the hour. Was she dovelopingsome subtle form of insanity ? A psychologist, I repeat, could haVe ac counted for all this. Not so tho medical profession, which was summoned on a very extensive scale, from Mr. Spriggs, the general practitioner of Dilford, to Mr. Btiggins, tho eminent physician of Teverley, and the great Sir Geoige Dubden Symperton, whose repu tation at least equalled that of CEsculapius in Olympus, and whose fees could have stag gerod Jupiter himself. Spriggs prescribed a blue pill and a black dose. It was his panacea, honest man, and no doubt, mind and matter acting and reacting on each other, might have made an hysterical lady very much worse for twenty-four hours or so) and 110 doctor, however highly-fed, could do more. Dr. Buggins reatment elaborate. Jle pronounced the lirer to be the 'ciusa causans' of the mischief, and ordered vapour baths, galvanic shocks, sovoral novel and untried drugs, with a voyage to tho Cape as a 'dernier ressort.' A verylittlo of that sort of regi men goes a long way) and Lilins, aftet* a fail' tt-ial of vapotir and galvanism, rebelled, so Dr. Buggins fell bad: on bread pills, a nega tive pharmacopeia not much calculated to influence a high-strung temperament. Local talent having thus ridiculously failed^ Sir George Dubdeti Symperton was summoned in ii saloon carriage from the metropolis^ , ^ Jfow tills goiitfetilaii stood indebted for his jVertitll;,ivhi(3i was Considerable, for his titiiT lar piefixt which oiriied some weight; avid for his self-esteem, which seemed illimitable, to one sublime qualification, a knowledge of the sex. Nobody ever spokn of Dubden Symperton when he was plain ' Mr,' as of anything except a lady's doctor. He argued 'in limine' that women have at least three times the ailmonta of men, ' ergo' that ho would sedulously oultirato the greatest misery of tho greatest number—of rather alleviate it; Conscious of being by no means stiperiotr a3 si scientist to the bulk of tne pro fession, the clever fellow Btrove, and by. no moans in vain, to hide impiricism under a marked individuality. With this idea he double- barrelled his patronymic, that being de riguer in the profession apparently. Dubden Symperton sounded sonorous. It was a nama to catch the ear, and fix itself oil the memory. People began to remark casually, 11 consul ted Dubden Symperton, and he prescribed antimony and arsenic in alternate dosos every two hours,'or, 'Dubden Symperton ordered me off to Algiers, but I persuaded him to try Bournemouth instead.1 It was not however the double-barrel that did the business. That -was a detail. A far more important element conducive to success was a maiinet' tod a voice, the fdrtiler saccharine and sympathetic, the latter gentle and tender. He could be fatherly, loverly, grandmotherly as the occa' sion required, and withal so cheerful as to able to delude with false hope a patient in thei last.stage of phthisis. Many physicians, however, are gifted with these excellent and remunerative attributes, and had Dubden Sympetton halted .eontent at that point in Ills cWeer, he would have re mained mediocre. The man's wit carried him on one step further. Se discovered, by a very simple process) of induction, that his patients of the weaker sex for the most part preferred the vintages of Epernay and Moselle to toaofc and water. To consult that preference seemed but common prudence. The dear doctor who Would oi-der champagne it 6Wry iileat deSotrfcid Umtetsa} gratitude. The ease and facility wherewith he cured ladies who had nothing the matter with them eclipsed all previous record. ' Dubden Symperton placed me under a strict course of champagne and, doyou know, I am simply another being !' cried one devotee, with unconscious veracity. ' PuBden Symperton saved my life. I re quired tone, and his formula exactly an swered the purpose,' gushed another, while a third, in a"more candid view, whispered to her dearest friends : 'Old Dub stands chum., puts it on amoral basis, believes in chronic inebriety being the only safe cure.' In short, the praises of this accommodat ing &nd; conscientious disciple of Galen re sounded in every salon. Sparkling wines seldom killed, and never benefited a soui, but they sent the fees rolling into the pocket of the doctor who w as sharp enough to convert them from a luxury into a medicine, and popularity eventually secured him a knight hood. ' AVh&t.ls; Wirtthg with Mrs. CrUcij-al de manded the squire, in the voice of one in quiring of the God of Ekron. The great Dubden Symperton had gone through the entiro performance. Lilias, much to her distaste, had been largely denuded in order that this strange person, with the saponaceous address might tip lier, and §nger her flesh as so much putty. Her tongue, pulse, and all the rest of it, hid been criticism!. She had been put through a catechism which brought a blush to her cheeks, and now the oracle had to utter. 'I don't think,' with a penetrating smile, ' that there's much the matter. But we shall see—we shall see.' 'The'.heart all right ?' demanded the squire. ' H'm—a leetle irregular. We can afford a slight stimulative, perhaps, in that direction. Now, what I want you to do, my deaf lady, I is Vety simple. First) don't rise early. The j nerve c'eht rbs teijuite resb lifter yoii wake. If you prefot it, Breakfast in bed. Do you like fruit V j ' Very much.' I ' Then fruit with your breakfast regularly. Dress leisurely, and, before 'you begin the day, a glas3 of champagnc or sparkling ; Moselle. If champagne, I recommend ' Veuve Cliequet,' because, not being over dry, it is less unpalatable to ladies. At luncheon you must take another glass at least, two—if you don't feel the wine affect your head, and the same at dinner. By-the-byc, don't eat much meat. Fish, entrees, game, venison, and a variety of entfet'lets, with ices and creams. I have also no objection to Cumcoa,, Maraschino flhd Noyau, but avoid fiirscheiiwasser and Chartreuse, as being difficult of digestion. Tea in moderation, and a glass of seltzer, with whisky or brandy, the last thing at night.' Rather a bilious dietary, isn't it?', .re marked the squirt, whose temperance ideas were fairly staggered by this unceasing flow of alcoholic beverages. The great man frowned. His profession holds itselfsuperior tocriticism. His reply was to adjust a pair of gold lorgnettes very care fully and stare. ' I im afraid,' observed Lilias, demurely, ' that so much wine would get into my head.' Sir George Dubden Symperton smiled superbly. Like many another egotist he could hot Btahd the slightest opposition from the irlale se5j, but hither reliSnfetl jt ih t.hfe fempie. . linflr.'he murmured sweetly, as though the Lady of Crucival were, of all women, quite the most irrational, ' wo must not assume such terrible things ! If I were to order you manufactured wine, or im mature wino, or Buch potent stuff as port an4 sherry, you might talk ab'dut voiir Drain or yiur HVet. However, begin with a little, and gradually increase, and above all things consult your own taste, my dear madamc. We want your food to assimilate, you know ; ind food that is not properly relished re fuses the process of assimilation.' ' Is that the experience of prisoners in gaol T inquired the squire, who evidently distrusted the prescribed regimen, Sir George Diibclen feymperton removed his lorgnettes, wiped them carefully with a Bilk handkerchief, readjusted them, and then with a cynical laugh grunted, 'Probably. At least I am told that 'the dietary of a prison rapidly reduces adipose tissue, yet the quantity is quite adequate. But, pardon me, sir, you have asked my advice. I give it, and shall expect it to be followed.' ' So far as is compatible with health,' argued the squire, who declined to bo effaced by medical cox-combry. Lilias cast a curious glance at both ; then, simply to was aiw&ys; ready to cross him when the chance offered— reered right round to the doctor's side. 'You are most kind,' she said, with marked 3mphasis, ' and of course the rule you pro scribe must be followed, and shall be. I like jhampagne very much, and have always felt Detter for it,' and she beamed unon him quite gfncioUsij'. ' Yes V smiled the doctor, responsively. ' Well, then, you must trj* and persuade l .'Ur good husband here to let us huvo our own way. G^od-bye to you, and perhaps in a fortnight's time ymi will favor me with a line to report progress.' \- So the great Dubdcn Symperton pouched his huge fees, and returned in state to the metropolis, while Lilias, partly because she felt out" of sorts, but more to vex her husband, set to work on the 'Yeuve Clicquot' with a vigor worthy of a better cause. The effect may be surmised. She exchanged lassitude for headaches, and low spirits for high temper. Her religion began to [fade into a dim memory, and she further developed a ' penchant' for French fiction and poetry of the ultra-erotic variety. The squire, years ago, had compared her to pure stophanotis, but the fragrance of that lovely flower wa< by degrees becoming sicklj', the petals soiled. And withal her treatment of thehusband who adored her, and had done his best to spoil a naturally beautiful disposition, was frigid and perverse, varied now and then by flashes of insolence almost brutal. If the man, in stead of loading her with benefits, and saving her life from the cruel servitude of a gover ness, had injured her barbarously, she could hardly have behaved worse. Indifference had wounded him to the quick, when she was playing the part of the ' malade imagi naire now that tliQ alcohol had begun to excite an irritable brain, her temper becam0 well nigh intolerable. Boiling water will no more fuse with oil than cold water. It only produces a cor responding heut in the oil itself. (To be Continued.) 