CONVICT . DAYS e VAN DIEMAN'S'TLftNOT tkue ghkonici.es, [Ailj EIGHTS KESEliVKD, j ? ? *♦?»- ? ? No. 7. — ? -— -- ? ? ? r— LAYING THE PH&KTOai.; guperiatendeni Eyre Iisteiaed attentively BfcXt morning to the report of the young; offioere, regarding the vision tbey fcrtd seen on the islanti cetoetery- He did not believe, for j ft single moment, that it waa a visitor from spirit -iittd that was thus airing itself on t&e; eliS, both the selcisra arid the officers j must have beea confronted by something verf extraordinary, or they would not have been so startled as they were. » Of course, I need scarcely ask if you be lieve in ghosts V he queried. .'Indeed, we do not,' waa the unanimous answer. m And we all know iuat there are no setters in this region thirty feet high,' he went on, ffith a smile. i-The object we eaw was of quite thst stature,1' replied Trench, ' and it was not j dressed in convict clothing. A long heard yf&s; also visible.' ?i The only thing we can do is to make an exhaustive search of the islet to-day. and we might find 6ome clue to tho mystery,' said the superintendent, slowly. '* If we have a jj0inan faeiag to deal with (even though a g/ant) we will know how to do so, whilst, if jjjg visitant is of supernatural origin, is is ieyond our power to interfere, and we most only leave, it to its own nightly journeys.' ' Eyre was essentially ft practical man, and. during the day he toot a cumber of men to headman's Isle and made a thorough search of it, especially about the cliffs where the phantom had been eeen. The quest watfqaite unsuccessful. Certainly, there were a few yawning chasms in the great basaltic reeks through which Satan or one of his imps might prise tbrsupb, but the sound of the ecu, fcccmir;;: at tbe bottom ot them, and cc caBioEnl'v (l.x .'-icrmv w'eathet) throwing up spr&y; through tb.e natural blow -holes, made the suppcsiiiou highly improbable. No due could be found, and in a few days the wonder, created by the stKEements of tbe ci'acers, began to die out, and the ghcjsi sescied likely to be forgotten, A sHahf excitement was created at Eobart Town whsn it was bruited nrcuna ih&t; the prison ce.neiory was haunttd. r.tid a few extra ir/quiskivr- people visited tbe islet in the hup-.' of catching a glimpse o* tbe phan tom. Their curiosity, however, was not re warded. O.i the fifth of October following, a Email pai'.j ci the officers at Port Arthur went across to Hobart Town to be present at a dinner, given in honor of the captain and r .Qleers of tha ship Argus, by the leading j rr-sidents of the town. This vessel was a : aouvict- ship, and is was nearly six years previously since .che had visited Sullivan's Cove with prisoners. The gathering was a large one, asid held in the commodious public hail. Almost the same officer?, managed the ship as on the first ; yoyspre — six yesrs back— and they were re- i ,.:arded as old acquaintances by the town ! -c!k. j Lh-u tenant Trench and bis two companions : c* ;ha fUh-'ng expedition wire amongst tbe i guests. una appeared to enjoy themselves ! very much. Such pleasurable gatherings j were not frequent in those cays. After J scanning the company for some time, the j lieutenant's eyes became suddenly rivetted on one of the guests near the lower end oi the room. His gaze was fixed upon the un conscious man with a curicus puzzled ex pression, but, after a few moments, he turned to his companion, and asked him if he knew the person he had been looking at. ' I believe his name is Treguriha. and, 2 understand, he is a settler of means. I have only eeen him once before, and that was in ihs parlor of the Macquarie hotel, 'responded the m^n addressed. This did nit enlighten Trench very much, and for a time he forgot the face which had ; bo interested him. Daring the evening, when the proceedings became free, he found j fciin&e;'f at the lower end of the room with i ooe of bis fi*h:ng companions. Looking acrops the iubie, he Spain eaw the man thai j he v,;-.s tcld was named Tregurtha. The latter wss conversing wlih the second officer oliho ship Argus, and the two appeared to be intimate friends. Have you ever seen that man before, Edwards ?' French ashed, pointing to Tra gunha. ' Ii seems io me I have, and yet I don't kuow him. There is something familiar j about the face, but I don'c even know hia name,'' sDswered hie companion. Xot csriog to trouble himself further about the matter, the lieutenant entered into the festivities of the evening with zest. It was sometime near midnight when be left the txcited group, amongct which he had been Btandiog, and walked towards a wing of the j building, which bad been made into ail arti- j fieiai fern dell lor those who might wish to j temporarily escape the heated room. He I *as looking at, and admiring an immense ' fern-iree, when, through a lull in the noiEe ?which came from the main hall, ho distinctly heard voices near him, and be caught the words, ' DsBdraan'e Isle.' That spot had & peculiar interest for him since the ghostly incident, and his attention was instantly aroused. N 'Iain thinking of leaving the place and making for the oid land again. Since the prison has been built, the place is dangerous for me. The fact that it is now a cemetery brings too many people to it.' This was spoken in a gruff voice that was not familiar to the lieutenant, and the tones Strang 8n8wer'-s speaker were equally told that the place is haunted, so wat you ought not to have many visitors, pecially at night, which is the time you want to yourself. But I quite agree with your desire to return to England, for your be a dreary one.5' oto i ' ^ 8 beginning to tell upon me. The nal booming of the ocean has go* ?®01 ?*»«'. and I detect it. Yes, 'I have Tnn k i-ttt th.e islet is haunted, and, would «Lt„ ,1eu®ra i*« Greeves, two searches have ? a f i?- een made 10 fiod fche ghost.' «fB ^reno^- who waa eagerly listening, tb® two men indulge in a hearty laugh. e«»^58 In0Bk ^efiiraaa ot seeing who they 1 ^».ont he did net care ,fio move, as it might i WT*{ 8 ^ereaboute, and he would thus | «-se the conversation. | biMinJ'1^08! ,you m3naged the ghost -bS! ' Penfold?' waa the next words he f thinv®8'-1 Pr°duQed an illusion or two, i ^'^?^ niight keep intruders away, but j Uri n.D j,oa.e 80* However, it amused mo, ! ola 1 °V- have not lost any of my | m. °nninG in the use of the glasses.' ] taooa K°!5b of a FeBt' in a ^ther jolly | in an t0 talk as he wsnt ] learahiSyT °f *b6 voices» aild T«noh j *ra ^°tne on5 °ld fellow, It's not every day j »°d there'e e0me *pMd '22 | ieS importanate friena was net to be! tte fc»n^!v ® ^ree men passed out o£ | lieutenant was aston^hed to f heard 8Pfe»tere whom he had over -MOnd mon Vf1 Cat tb6Ee two men have in com Eeofaia -muttered. And he called him 51 IN h«a aamei «na.^tS :cseaQ &hout; Bead- ghost ' ge inttBt be the -31 the *ra?J*Qa«' The contour Ifn8 beard were i a *te#htntom. They \ ttMcfay# »naa i /\ - a,h idea^at theSan^^S iJi^Bd Boaething.injpo^M^Wiith^ihe *aov&i; ooh ho knew nothing of the trno o*P aq^nn|,5l{jrt a jjon ypothesia.of their temBtkabieoonver^i determined to watch the two men tbat . % _p° try anaiind outfurther information, fh! i, .f ^ait5ng ontil until they left tpe nail , he only ^dMpoyeted that they went [ Ttn , ^?acquarie iiotei, and were admitted: | . returned to ' bis companions, as they i woie to sail f oi the prison at four o'olook, j cut lie did not 4eU' them anything about the | convereatiou h?e had heard. When he reached | I s prison, ^ He went at onop. to Superinten oent Eyre and narrated what had come lo 1113 HDOwlsdgt?. ' ^ % V-- ?' !i Y;h?t ua:ae difl ^ fiRy that the officer Companion Eyre, , 1 p^fold: I ^ wrote it dx)wn bo tb&t; I Sll?ald not forget' it,' answered the .young officer. ? ? ? ? . . . The supsrintendent went, to a ehelf, and taking down a well-bound book, looked through it before Bpeaking again. 'On the 22ad oi April, 1829. No. '129 (Robert Penfold) escaped from' tire Hobart Town prison, and up to dace he has hot been recaptured. The manner of hia escape was a I mystery, and it is supposed that the convict perished in the forest,' Eyre eaid aloud, j looking at the lieutenant, ' Would it not be strangp,' be continued, 'if this Penfold were identical with the .missing man. .And yet it is hardly possible that he could have remained about tna settlements without de tection. Unless, indeed, he had good friends. He must have had good friends, too.or he could not have cBcapeS. Who fltd you eay was hia companion ?'? he concluded. ' The second officer of She conviot ship Argus. I heard him called Oreeves. He war one of .the chief, guests of .the efen ing.' ' : ?. '? * ^ 's ' ? ' The Argus, the ArguB,' mne'ed tho super iutendent. ' Why, that's the name of the ship tbat was in the harbor when Penfold j escaped, some six years ajgo.' * I ' Yee, sir. £ heard it stated at the dinner | tbat she was here once before abbot that : period.' - '* Well, I think there' is something of im portance in your digoovery. fet, I cannot understand what Penfold can have to do with the ghost bueincas,^ as he said. He certainly could not have concealed himself cn Deadman'e Isle for six years, and, had he been there for six years, we wonld have found him. However, we may learn more, as I will tell off a clever man to watoh him. Be ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour's time to point out Penfold and Greeves to the man I wiil eend with you. When yon do that, you may remain in town until the fol lowing morning and return with the boat.' In an hour's time Trench was back in the office, where he found the superintendent and Con 'table Chapman, who was a born deteo | tive. ; In company with Trench ha left for Hobart Town, where they were fortunate enough to find Greeves and Tregartha — or Penfold, for that wbb hiB proper name — in one o! the private parlors of the Macquarie hotel. Chspinan shadowed them antil night, and near eight o'clock they left the hotel, and proceeded toward the river Derwent. j Lieutenant Trench met Chapman ia the | street, following thetwo men, and he accom | panied him. Greeves and Penfold xeaohed : the river, and in & few minutes the epieB saw | that they had a boat, and that it might be necessary to obtain another to pursue. Thi«. Chapman soon did, and in company vith the young officer he followed the men, who .were making towards the mouth of 'the river. j Great care was neceasary to prevent de ; section, but tie , pursuers were keeping a ] safe distance away. The ocean was 'soon | reached, and then it ^ was apparent that I Penfold and his companion were heading J towards Daadman's Isle. The sea was | smooth, but tbe distance was long, and ! several hours passed before the boats came in j sight of the frowning cliffs oi Taemah's i Peninsula. Soon they entered Port Arthur, and tbe silvery streaks of light, made by the ] dipping oars of the shadowed men, showed ; plainly tbat they were making straight for [ the islet. ~ j ' We must risk going closer to them,' ; Eaia Chapman. ' Tbey have evidently no ! idea of their being followed.' Bending to their oars, they rapidly neared -the island. The moon was rising, and the' first boat was seen to make straight under the jutting cliffs on the south-east side. ' Ihey surely cannot land there,' spoke Trench. When he looked again the boat had disap peared. and not a sign of her could be foand, although the skiff, containing the pursuer^ paddled along the side of the rocks where she was last seen. They were rather puzzled at thie, for no opening large enough to ac count for the disappearance was visible, but &3 they rowed back for the second time, a peculiar conformation of the rocks caught Chapman's eye. 'There must be some waterway about here where a boat can beoonoealed, and I be lieve it is about this place,' he said. The lieutenant looked in the direction Mb comrade pointed, and he could plainly see great fissures and water-worn cavities in the rotteo basalt face. Ha was scanning the cliff in the hope of being able to find a prob able epot, where Penfold and his friend might have vanished, when he oaught sight c£ a thin Btreak of light, about ha5 way up the strong wall. There was no mistaking it. A gleam of light issuing from a craok or hoie it evidently was. ' Look, Chapman I What does that light mean ?' he eagerly asked. ' We must see by some means. There must be a eecret entrance here to a oavern, and our friends are in it at present. I don't see how we are to reach that gleam of light ; bul we mast try.' Tbe boat was now onder an overhanging edge of rock, and the rugged face of .the cliff, which etood put clearly ; in the moon light, gave promise oi secure footing. *' Seep the boat here, and I will try and climb these rocks. I think that I can do so,' wbiBpered Chapman to his com panion. Divesting himself of a superfluous coat, the constable caught hold of the rocky ledge, and, with the aid of -his companion, soon ' swung himself on to it. ' Then with the al most care, he slowly climbed to tbe spot he wanted to reaoh, and which', like a beacon, was guiding him onwards. Two or three times the soft rock crumbled beneath his feet, but he was wary and did not relax his grip on the firmer stones. Beaching the email fissure he looked in, hut could see nothing, as 4t curved, and the opening waB eoo small to permit of a proper observa tion. He fbw at the first glance that the light is Euing from the place was an artificial one, and, with the instinct qf the detective, he bent hjs head and placed his ear to the cre- vice. ? . A distant ham only reached Sum. Jffhioh might be the moaning of theeea impriaonefl m the subterranean «avernB or human : voices, but he eould aiot detect which. -Hie made a careful examination of the locality immediately iaround, and put marks in several plaoee eo that he would fce -Bble io recot-nise the spot again. ; ' ' While he . ' aame' fiihtly whisjtered, land, ;Jr^gnismg the tones as that „of ^ compambn.vli^ hastily descended. , f * Hi8t,' spoteB the votce of Trench. ^ Qomfe back to the boati i l hear ihe-sound of voioos ^ and the splash of oars apparently at ihs back 61 theoliff.' f ? ? ? ? ' Smtiggier^i! tlavc, » In nexk. week's will continue and lsonciade 4he mJrstery iS - Deadman's Isle. , It wiil jbp one of thfe |noBt bring i}pt vondezfol qnaiitifis in m num. j 