THE CUCKOO AND THE SPARROW. In an article "Coneerning the Cuckoo" in Longman’s Magazine, an interesting account is given of the cuckoo's well-known, and seldom seen, performance. The surprising nnjl exceptional nature .of this phenomenon, and in somo measure also the difficulty of accepting the explanation usually given of the origin of the instinct in the young bird must -bp [hold to account for the dispostion, shown to adopt accounts of it with reserve. One of the most graphic sketches of the occurrence byjan dye witness is that in Mr. 'Gould’s “Iliads.of.Great Britain.” The. account, of Mrs.. Blackburn, who watched the movements of flic young cuckoos, full of' interest. The nest under observation was that of'the com mon meadow-pipe, and it had at first two eggs in it besides that of the cuckoo. “At one visit, ” continues Mrs. Blackburn, “the; acts wore found to bo hatched, but not the 00\. At the next visit, which, was after an (interval of : -forty-eight hours,; Ap ;Xdiln J <h the; young.cuckoo hlbne in the'nest,> and bbtli the! young-pippets lying down the bank, abopf ten] mohes-from the margin of , thd ' nesb, bqt! quite Uyoly aftcr'boing warmoq' in thc.barid. They ' wore placed in the nest beside the cuckoo, whmu. struggled about until it got, its bacjk.nnder .one of thorn, when it climbed/ backwards directly up the open side of the nest, hud-hitched'the pippet from its bock on to the* edge. It then stood quite upright on j itsji logs,y whioh wero straddled wide 'apart, with the claws firmly fixed half way dotjn the">inside .of ; the nest, among the interlacing! fibres of which the' -nest was and, stretching its• logs apart and backwards, it elbowed the pippet fairly over the (margin so far that its struggles took ,it thp bank instead of back into the nest. After this the cuckoo stood’ a minute or two, fooling, hook with its wings, as if to make sure tlmtthd.pippot was fairly overboard, and then subsided into the bottom of the nest.” The 1 ejected bird was replaced, but on again visittiig:tho nost on the following morning both pippets-Wore found dead out of the host. Mrs. Blaekhnni", continues:—“Thd cuckoo was! without the vestige of a feather 2 *;/ ’ .ofc , oVfeh a Kiiit’ to future feathers; its eyes were hot. yet opened, aud its jneok ,Boomed too weak to support the: weight of its head. .. • The most singular tiling of call was' tho direct purpose iviili which the -blind'little "monster made for the open sidh'of the host, -the only part where it could thtnw 'iifj burthen ” down’ ‘fho hank’,’ ,1 think ,: r '|tlo spcbtfitora,’ felt 'Uxo.'sort 'of horror ariaawd at the apparent inadequacy, of the creature’s intelligence to its acts that one'.might have -felt' ’at 'seeing’ a toothless >hog; raise .. a' ghost by an incantation; It was (horribly'uncanny and gruesome/’ • ‘ 