cpi^QTib^ys .VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. . . TKUB ClIItOMCLES. (ALL HIOIITS MISEHVU).) ?;?? '?? i Ho. 0. ,, »u« aiioBt or smuuan'h iblb, It, has boon satd that British history la , (nshriucd in Westminster Abbey and Saint l'aule. Tlio grant muu, who Bleep boneatb (heir ' marblo lablota in those venernblo structurea, are Intellectual ntepplnu stonBB, nuioli load tbo student along tlio roid ot knowledgo, A burial ground, under any aircuuiattincca — whether in tlio Iwlllg it gloom ot Outliio ?rchlteoluro, or under tuu tropical tun in Il limitable dcierla— must always posacsa rt ' history moro or less important. What atrange anil pathetically true stories could bo written ol almost any cemetery, but there are eomo that Blond out, Mont Mano-llke, above Iho oommon-plaeo God's Acres in the Interest wliioli attaoliea to them. Ona ol auch la Daadmsn'a IbIo — tile cemetery of 1'orl Arthur priaon, TheBtnall lale is nppropriotely named, and the beau tjt bl the spot oould not bo aurrmaaed anywhere in tlio world. It floats like an oasia In Port Arthur, a ahorl distance from the shore,, AU around the gliint oliflj seoni to guard it, and break Ilia irresistible lury ol the frequently Btorm-tonseo Southern Oooin, Standing on (be beaab ol Fort Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him, Iho spectator oannol liilp contracting tho emerald-Roni, wltbltB beauty and peaoo, with ibe rugged aipeot ol both uaturo and humanity at lib bnolt. Since 1831 Headman's Ills baa been ibe prlion burial plaoo, and many strange chapters oould bo written, regarding thoea who havj there found tueir last restlnR plaoo on eatlli. Tlio gravo baa oloacd over many a human tiger, and inatancea are not wanting where innocent nun havo met a felon'i ignominloUB end, and been laid on tbe islet. It is a oonviot Westtnlnslcr Abbey, and though one haB to read a life's history by a number, and not by a name, tho prison re oorda are ample to do ao* During tbe latter hall of 1831, this inland oerunlory, then Donating ol very few mounds indeed, was tbo BCeno ol a weird event, and one which for sli months fairly puzzled , the oonviot authorities at Ilobart Town and Port Arthur. Under the title of lha QhoBt of Deadman'i Isle, this extraordinary obroniole will be told, On the 13th ot March, 1810, at the Leed'a assizes, a man, who gave hla name n» Robert Peuiold, and his age aa tlilrty-flvo, was obargedwith limiting a mutiny on Iho high aeai. He' had been an able aoaman, and possessed great inQuenoe over bla ship mates. The veaid he was on board was ostensibly a Bmall merchantman, but in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling splritB, tobaoco and various other articles from Franco and Holland to England. The captain waa a bounceable ruOkn,and though he waa amaaaing a fortune by his illicit prao tioja, tbo loamon, who ran most riak, got little for their trouble. Pentold waa particularly obnoxioua to the ?tipper, but bb he waa able to read and write (qualifications not to be deBpiaed in tho be ginning ol the century), and was aiao a good ataman, Captain Tremayne used him in hla varioua tranaactiona, and conoealed his dislike. The men were no lovers ot the captain, and at last they deoided to put him ashore on a retnro voyage and run away with the lugger. Tenfold to be leader. Traaohery discovered the plot to Tromayne, and he speedily deuounocd Penfold to tbe authorities. By a judioious Bystem ot pro eents lo influential perplo around Hull, the captain haa lor yeara succeeded in quietly .__oitiyinR on bis smuggling operations, and this influence stood him in good need when the trial ol Pentold came oil. The wily skipper bad got moat ol the crew on bis eidu, by Insisting that Tenfold alone was re sponsible lor the intended mutiny, and three ol them gavo evidenoo agalnat him. Tbe remit ol the trial was that tlio Bailor was sentenced to transportation to Van Dicman'a Land 'lor tbe term ol hit natural life.' In tbe beginning ot 1SU he reached lliudon fllobart Town atterwarda), and cloned his hopeless servitude. l'or a weary eighteen years bn worked in misery at tbe convict setilemcnt, hut on tho morning of the 22nd ot April, 182U, lio waa found to be miiting. No orin had the slightest Idea ol how ho escaped, but treachery was inspected, ns, »ithuul help from an ofliolal, it was impossible that the ' lifer' could have got away in no mysterious a manner, Tba gaol employees were moat carefully examined, but no blnine could bo brought home to them, Tbe nsual routine ol thepenal station bad been slightly disturbed a neck previously, by tbe arrival ol a convlot ship with a largo number ot tramporleos, and thlfl faotmuat have aided Fenlold in bia csospe, Tbe usual perfunotory searob was made lor him, but without success, and bb time rolled on and be did not return to Ilobart Town, it was generally concluded that he had perished in the inhospitable forests, in which ha would seek shelter from bis pursuers, Some fsw persons thought that Penfold might have escaped by sea in a friendly whaler, but, doad or alive, he was not again seen at Hobart Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon took his number. The growing population ol free people in Ilobsrt Town suggested the neoeeiity ot re vtfa moving the convict priaon, and Governor ?'-, Arthur, shortly after tho escape ot Penfold, , ?' took steps to 'do sd, te'eoting Teaman's 1 Piniusult as tbe moat suitable place to ereot ? the new gaol of Port Arthur. The construe '.[,' tlou ot auch a n extenaivo priaon ocoupied a considerable time, but at the end ot 1S33 it was ready lor occupation, and henceforward ? was the great convict centred Van Dieman's I- Land. ii,. The mortality amongst the prisoners from »'i' ordinary sickness wbb very high, and with tbe executions and tho ordinary death rate . ol the guards, the cemetery of Deadman's ' 'Isle was speedily put into uae. ',''.„. The islet had been frequently visited by excursionists from Hobart Town and others, ,-,.,ao that the prison authorities regarded it as a matter ol oouree that it should not appear ?. aa an uninhabited island. Almost daily ths prison oDloisls visited the ' 'plsoe, and the establishment ol the gaol on ' the peninsula bad the effect ot bringing a greatly inoreaaed passenger trofllo to Port . Arthur. A daily service between it and ' Hobsrt Town was instituted, but now that ' ; the lovely islet had been set apart tor burial ,,? purposes few persona landed on It, unless they had business to perform. Cemeteries : - are not tbe moat cheerful places, and when '???'?i one gels the reputation ol being haunted, when it is broadly stated that one or more ol ? ? the defunct reaidenta in the Silent City have ' taken a cotton to 'walk,' It is still more ' avoided, . , During tbe month ol September, 1831, such . .. an awesome reputation waa beginning to at taoh itaell to Headman's Isle. It waa whis pered around tbat a ghoat bad been seen ? there, and superstitious people shook their beads in at knowing manner, as they asked ?waa It any wonder tbat such a dread spot \- should bB haunted. ' ? ' Already thirteen graves were on the idle, . ol whioh eleven were tbcae ol murderers, who bad been banged lor their crimes, and one ol the remaining three was tbat ol ths r .. blackest villian who bad ever been formed in the shape of man. Ho was burglar, mur ... derer and cannibal, but he bad saoaped tha l gallows by dylnjr by hia own hand. It must Be this BUiclde (Eugelbardt), whoso unquiet I spirit wandered occasionally on the mor * tuary island, so thoujtht many of those who ' believed In tbe supernatural. Tbe first rumor that a Bplrit had its aboda on the islet, was started by a queer olronm Blsnca that happened on tbe evening ol tbo 61b Bsjitfinbtt. II ippmm thai Cwioiit; lltlffrnsn, with Ihrco private*, went to tha cemetery on that data for Ilio purpose ol dig ging a Brave, aa sn cxooullbn waa to luku plaao next morning. It was a incro whlru of Iho party to dig tho grnvo at night, It was a bright moonlight evening, anil the oorporal fancied that it would bo more pleasant to do tlio work under tlio beams ot tlio moon than to wait lor ths rliing sun, and bo obtained pormlBslon to carry out his with. Ths -pol where they had lo dig the tomb cf a then living man was on the soulli-oiBt side ol the isle, and clone to tbo beach, This was tho most exposed part, and the unceasing action ol the ocean bad worn the ollCts into strange and fantaalio shapes. The fourmen began their work with many a oruol lest xepsaiding it, and the ultimate, fata ot the death-doomed man, for whom It was intended, when Heffernan, who was standing with a shovel in his hand, cicMonly uttered a atilled esolamation of terrified aur prieo, as be pointed, with outstretched arms, In tho direction of tho rook olosulo them. His companions' gaze followed tho direc tion ho polntci', and there In Ironl of (hem, standing apparently on the edge of tbo olid, was Iho dearly outlined figure ot it man, but not auch a man na any tha corporal and IiIb comrades lmoiv. He must Biiroly belong lo a prehhtorlo da;, To that tln» when tho Dinlo eay« ' there were giants in thoio days,' lor he apponred to them as Iho Urobdlgnng did lo Gulliver. This muat bo n human monster Ibey looked on, lor it wa-, at least, thirty loot high, and 6tenntlo in proportion. Ileffarnan was as bravo as moat men— indeed, braver thnn most, for bo was considered tho dare-devil of his regiment— but this colossal npparition altogether unnervod him. l'or the life ol him ho could not tako bia oye« away Ironl tho figure, but as be and tbe soldiers looked it Beemcd gradually to become lalMur and fainter, and at laat it vanished completely. 'Merciful QodV'Baid tlio oorporal, as ho wiped tho perspiration trim his faco, ' that waa nothing mortal. I oould eco Iho stars shining through its body,' 'So did I, Hadn't wo better get back. I'm not at lo work to-night,' amwerod a lolJltr. They were all ol the eatno mind In that respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly sus ceptible to suporatilioua fear. Ho willchaige a battery ot artillery, or traverse wild and unknown reglom, but ash him to Btsy a night in a haunted bouse, and be will reluBc in terror. Heflernan and his comrades, with many a Irigbtencd glaneo backward, soon readied their boat, and were speedily at tho gaol, where they told of tbelr etrangc advon luro. Next morning they accompanied tbo superintendent to Ibe spot where Ibey had Been Iho apparition, bat tbere was not tbs least sign to Btiow tbat either a material or an etherial body bad been there, in faot, if Hetfernan had obacrved what be stated, it must have been a phantom, for no human being could have stood in such a place, as it wsu simply a prealpioc where Uo clifld had been rent, cr worn in twain, The Boldlers were badly rallied by their comrades on tbeir faculty of second eigbt, but all the jokes they listened lo did not Bbake their belief Ibat a ghost had shown it eell to them. Kight days afterwards their story received a Hirong corroboration, which caused the authoriticB to take BtepB to olucl dale the myatery. On the 13 th of September, Lieutenant French, with two other eub-ofllcer-, wont out in a boat from Port Arthur to fish, The afternoon was remarkably lino, and aa they met with luak, they did not take notice, of the flight ot time. It was alter midnight as they roncd into Tort Arthur, and aa they floated under the shadow ol Deadman'e Isle thoy decided to ' make a night of it,' by continuing tbeir piscatory pursuit. They etopped almost under Iho Bhndow of tbe south-eastern cliOt, mid continued their flail ing. The moon had only riicn ball-an-hour pcrviously, but it was already throwing a Bolt light around. Tho night was unusually calm, and the sea seemed pbospberiscd by tho myriads ot Usb which were darling about. Lieutenant French was looking, in a sleepy way, at tbe shafts of greenish light that tho motion of the full produced, when, happening to raise his eyes to tho tinted dills, he wan startled to see the gigantic figure that hud no frightened Corporal He! fcrnan and his eoippaniona eight daya before, It was undoubtedly the form of a man, but undeniably net material, for objects could be seen clearly tlirutigh it. The three olllcun looked at it in bowildercd wonderment, and each enry it diatinclly, to that it eaulil uot bo ttio rtBUlt ol dinordcied French, though awestruck, wns not tupcr slitiaup,and, wniipering to hia companion.!, lie eer.;u\ nil imr, mid pulled towards tlio cliff to obtain a better view. Tho figure re tnaiueil niutiunlues as they nppronclied, and the lieutenant wr.s able to eco that a long beard fell frnm its chin. Tire dress, as well os ho could judi;c, was tho «amo oa that worn by tbo ordinsry settlers, and the ghoet did sot appear— il these outward signs might be depended on— lo be that of a convict. In fact, the appearance— with long, ap parently white, baurd, and peculiar-looking clothing — might well have paased as a gigantic Druid priest ; and tho surrounding coves and chaamsand awe-striking precipices would lio,ve been a fitting dwelling-placo for exponents ot that most cruel and mysteriouB creed thai waa once the great national reli gion of tho Auoicnt Britons ; and the colossal figure would bavc beon a splendid Bpccimen of one of their highest high priests in hiB robes ol office. As Iho officers looked, with strained eyes, the phantom gradually reoeded, and vaniuL.d as it had previously done. 'Thera is somo mystery here,' spoko French, in a Ion voice ' I don't believe in ghosts, yet that figure inuit be supernatural. 1 suppose wo will bo laughed at, tbe came na lleflcrnan and hia fellows have been, when we tell what we havo Been, but thethrooof us could not be mistaken, and I will make a fullroportot It lo the superintendent un soon aa we land,' 'Whatoan it be?' asked one of his com panions, with ft slight shiver. ' Kver since I came to tbla cursed land I have been aeeing and bearing enough to make a man's blood run cold. It's bad enough to bo attending hangings and Hoggings nearly every day, but this supernatural mystery is woibo than ten years ol thai work.' 'I think we ought to mnko for tho eetlle ment,' replied the third officer. ' If we alay hero, we may havo a return of our unwelcome visitant.' This was readily agreed to, and within half-an-hourthey were admitted to tbe outer prison-yard, wbera they aaw Corporal lief fernan on duty. Tbey acquainted that peraonago of the incident that had befallen them, and then the soldier broke tho grave silence with tbe following sage observa tion: 'Gentlemen, it's a ghost, surs enough, It's no ass ssying there ain't no Bech things. I've beard tho Banshee, cry myself, and my father (Ood rost bis soul) once saw a rIiohI in tho churchyard of Malshide. It'll con tinue to wander until it's ' laid,1 or until tbe secret it possesses is found out by some ' Laid,' eohoed French, ' How can il be ' laid '?' ' It's only a holy man that oan do that same, sir,' sniwered the corporal, scntcn tioualy. Tha probability ot finding a ' holy man ' at l'ort Arthur was bo very remote, that tha lieutenant and hia comrades, with a elirht smile on their lips at the soldier's oredullty, left him for tbelr quarters, feeling that the shade would probably nander for a Ions time, if Ilefternan's panacea waa tho only one that would quieten tho perturbed spirit, and yet tho mystery was lo be solved in a few days. 