THE BRETON MILL S. \----.-0 lo By Charles J. Bellamy. Copyright by the Author, and published by arraigeweullt with him. CHAPTER L A rICTURE AND ITS CRITICS. i "Let's take a squint In." It is on the sidewalk in front of the fine residence of Ezekiel Breton. Burely every body within the length and breadth of a hun dred miles must have heard the name of the wealthy mill owner, whose energy .and shrewdness have passed into.a byword. 'The house is brilliantly lighted, and the windows wide open as if to invite the attention and admiration of the humble passeln by. • Three men, laborers, if coar?e, soiled clothes and dull, heavy trend mean anything, have come down the street and now stand leaning against the tall t.on fence. "Why lshouldn't ~o see the show, boys?" continued the long whiskered "man, with an unpleasant laugh. "It's our work that's pay in' for it, I guess. How long do you think it would take you, Jack, to scrimp enough to gether to buy one of them candlesticks? lHullo-thero's the boss himself," and he thrust his hand inside the iron pickets to lp)int out a portly gentleman whose bald head was fringed with silver white hair. ufr. Breton had paused a moment before the window. .. "Come, let's go on," urged the man'with a clay pil', edlging off a little into the shadow; "he'll see us and be mad." S."What's tie odds if he doesh" and, the speaker frowned at the rich man from be tween the pickets. "lie can't get help no cheaper thnn us, can he? That's one good pint of beoin' way down, you can't tumble a mite. But just look at him, boys; big watch chain lnd gold bowed specs a-danglin'. See the tlhumbs or his white hands stuck inl his vest pocket anid him as smilin' as if he never did nobody in wrong ini his whole blessed life. .There now is sometlhin' purtier, though." The old gentlenman inoved unsuspectingly aside and revealed a young girl, large and fair, with great calii blue eyes. She wore a pale blue silk, with delicate ruflies at her half bared elbow anild t her neck, kissing the warnllwhite skin. "Well, I suppose my girl Jane might look just as good ill such clothes as them. But she wouldtn't nlo mlore speak to Jane than as if the girl wlas?i't }lIIIiiuaii. Alnd as for a poor man, hlie igllt pour his life out for her pauty face andt she wouldn't give iint a look. A few dollars ind a suit of clothes imakes the odds." '"What's sie laughia' at" said tile tall man, taking his clay pipe from his mouth. "Can't you scet Tllere's the boy standin' jist be'yoil her. Breton's young hopeful. Nothin' less than the biggest kind of game for her, I cali'ate." "I never seen him before," remarked the' third iman, reverentially. "I s'pose he'll be our boss some day." "He's been to college polishils' up his wits. 'Taint goin', to. be.so easy as it was to grind the poor. The old imai now didn't need no extlra schooliln'." . "1 'int so sure now," said the tall man, blowing out a wreatdh of smoker. "The boy looks more kind about his. mouth and eyes. See liim look at the girl. I callate she don't tlhink he's very bad." "WVait till lie gets his-heel at thoe? ells of a thousalul of us. as his father has' Wait! till he finds we iint got a peenny ahead, nor a spot of Giod's earth for our own, but lie at his imercy. See ]how kind ha'll be then. 'Taint the nature of the beast, Bill Rogers." Bill Itoiers took a long look at the slight forns of thu mill owner's son-at his fresh, younlg face and small, pleasant black eyes. "I wisih the ]ad had a chance. I believe i'd trust him, Graves. Hadn't we better be startil'! Thle meetin' will begin purty soon." "What's the hurryl Curran is always late himselfg Well, coime along, then." Just now Mr. iBreton is leaning lightly on the mantel near one of- his pet heirlooms the siver candelabra. Near him stands a tall, elegantly formed gentleman, only a trifle past middle age, whose clear chiseled mouth las the merest hint of a smile on it, as if he had just said something bright. It was a smile he always wore when he had spoken-a smile with an edge to it. But Mr. Ellingsworth had to make that smile do good service, for be never laughed. The fununiest jokes had been told him--the most ridiculous situations described to him-but he only smiled. "Wl+at am I going to do with the boyl" DMr. Breton's voice was always loud and sharp as if making itself heard above the roaring of his mnills. "W'hy, nmarry hiim to unn dlrhier the flrst thinrui. Eh I P"hili',i" "iWhy, marry will to your datcugh7tr the frtthing." Wofld lsoe be angry, proud and reserved as she was? Philip shot a furtive glance at Bertha as she sat at the piano idly turning over the music shoots. But the girl might not have heard, not a shade of expression changed in her face. It might as well have been the sources of the Nilo they were dis cussing so far as she was concerned, appar ently, but as she pressed her white hand on the music sheet to keep it open, her lover's eyes softened at the flash of their betrothal diamond. 9 : o "I should think your hands must be pretty frill already," suggested Mr. Ellingsworth in the low smooth tone, as much a part of his style as the cut of his black coat, "with a thousand unreasonable beings down in your factories. And by the way, I hear that Labor is claiming its. rights, with a big I~. As if anybody had any rights, except by accident." "Skeptical as ever, Ellingsworth," said the siill owner with all a practical man's distaste for a thing so destructive to industry, *"'pt -ne, I get along easily enough with my help if quacks and tramps would only keep out of the way; though there is some kind of an agitation mneeting to-night; somebody is raising the mischief among them. I wish I knew who it was," and Mr. Breton looked impatiently around the room as if he hoped to'selse the incendiary in some corner of his own parlor.* p:. i iP t Perthn's blue eyes wice ope.?>, ; new interest. She had half turned from the piano, but her sleeve was caught back on the edge of the keyboard, revealing the fair full contour of her arm, which glistened whiter than the ivory beneath it; "A mystery, low charnilngi" she smniled; "let me picture him: tall, with clustering auburn hair on his godlike head"- . "Plish-excuse me, my dear-but imore likely the fellow is some low, drunken jail bird you would be afraid to pass on the street; )Somtie day they will find out there is no good making working people ' ineasy. They want the work, and they ought Io be glad the work wants them. Their interests are identical with ours." "No doubt," assented Mr. Ellingsworlth, in his sitavest tones, that seemed too smootli for satire, "but perhaps they think you get too large a share of tihe dividends." "You like to rlmd your sentences pretty well," retorted Mr. Breton, flushing slightly, "buti do 'you mentu to say you, of all nlen, symlpathize with this labor reform nonense"nse" Ellingsworlth ssmiled /and shruggdtl his shapely shoulders just visibly. "You ought to know mle Mr. Bretoil. I sympathize with--nobody. It is too muchl trouble ) And as for the sufferings of the lower classes-they may y b very pitiable-but I don't see how the nether miilstone can help itself, or for that matter be helped either." Then lihe glanccd curiously toward the piano. "Why, where are our young people?" ' After considerable dumb show Bertha had bhecome aware that Philil had some intelli gence of a startling nature to communicate. lo it happened that, at the mioment Mr. Ellingsworth inquiredt for thenm, the young people stood just inside the door of the cozy little roosm called "the study." "I alt going to have some high fui to night, lertlha; I aill goilng totllhat labor ni?et ing.@ I iwant to see the business front the ill side, when the lpublic show isn't going oni." The girl looked lit hint ill alstonishnenult. "They won't let you ill." "That's just where theflur is coming. It ib going to be better than all the college devil try, and-wait here two minutes and I'll show you." Book shelves ran p to t lhe ceiling oil lhe sill. of the troomt, aposite the dooree. A Iong of lice table stretched alcross the centier !llllosl to the high window looking towalrd lith sti reet?. But all the business assouocitions did not opplress this legantll yolung wolan,, who threw liherelf ill Iuxurious abandtlo ito the solitalry ensy chalir. Shle iluliarently did not flind love very disturbilig. No douht silo only smilied at; its ploeims, fervlid with a npassion un known to her calmt, even life. Her young lover had often been frightened lit the firnt outline of the cold red lips, with never a thought of kisses ont then, anutd at the sprite like unconscioulsness of her blue eyes that looked curiously at htint when love softened his voice and glorified his face. Site wa not listening for his retutnriig footsteps, not one lino of eageriless or of suspense was on the dislpassionate face, while she played with the flashling jewel her lover had placed long ago on heir finger.' The door opens behind her, but she does'not turn her head-ino doubt he will colne in front of her if he wishes to be-there he is, a slight figure, looking very odd and disagree. able in the soiled and ill fitting clothes lieto has put on, with no collar or cuffs, but a blue flannel shirt open a button or two at his neck. IIis faded pantaloons were roughly tlraust into the topis of all inuiteilso pair of cowhide boots which alpparilently had never? been so' much as shadowed by a box of blacking. Illis black eyes sparkle its lie holds out to her ait bandless felt hat which shows the mnarks of a long and varied history. Berthau, looked at him in dull distaste. Wihat a poor mouth lie had, and how unpleasantly his face wrinkled wshen he smiled. "I wouldn't ever do this again," she said coldly. A hurt look came into his eyes; he dropped his hat on the floor and was turning dejected ly away. The fun was all gone, and her. words and her look he knew would come back to hint it thousand timleswhen lie should be alone. Butt she put out her hand to lintt like the scepter of a queen. - "Never ulind-you ivill generally wear better clothes than these, won't your' s "Blt I wouldn't like to have thatli make any difference," said Philip, looking wistfully at the cool white hand lie held. "Supposing I was poor" Siloe drew her Iand away impatiently. If he had known how lie looked then, he would have chosen another time for his lover's fool ishness. "Don't get poor. I like pretty things and graceful manners and elegant surroundings; that is the way I am made. I should suffo cato if I didn't have them." "But," urged Philip uneasily, "you couldn't love anybody but tile, could your' She smiled charmingly. "You must not let tiol" Then she rose as if to dismiss the subject. "Are you all ready?" In a minute more lie was, after lie had fastetned oil his yellow whiskers ntld bronzedl over his face and neck and, white wrists. "Your own father wouldn't know you !" she laughed, as they opened the outer door. Philip went down two steps. "You shako the foundation with those boots."4 He was quite recovering his spirits, now that she was so kind with him; "tAnd you will tell me all about it, and whether the leader ihas auburn hair as I said! How long before you will cone back-ant hour? Well, I'll be here as long as that." He pulled his great hat well down over his eyes and started, but at the gate he turned to look back. Bertha stood in the doorway, tall and queenly, the red gold of her hair glistelillng ii the light- like it hal aliout ]ler head. lie could noteatch the look in her faee;'iutt as she stood sihle raisedi her. hand to her, lips and tbii'ew himt a kiss with a gesture of ex quisite grace. Inn monlent loro lie heard her at the piano, and lie trliedil to keep clumsy step to thestrait frotu "La Traviata" that. calie thlrobbing after him. . CHAPTER II. MAi QUERA DA OING. " - Philip pushedt open the door of Market hall and looked Il. About sixty men were scattered over the benches in all conceivable positions. A number held pipes betweeni their teeth, llfilling the room with the rank emoko of the strongest and blackest tobacco. Here and there two men appropriated ai whole bench, one at each etdi, for a sofa. -But more of themt were settled doewn on the small of their backs, with their knees braced against thie bench itl front. IIe saw in a meo mutt that, though he was worse dressedl thann ally of them, yet there was a difference in kind also. There was more meaning ill one wrinkle on their well woln coatsthalti in all his ingenious paraphlertnalia. He felt ashamncl in the presence of thco pathetic realities, and turaned to go back, but his great boota crenatkedl incantioulsly. Only two or three looked aromnd; a poor sman moret or less does not count for lnuchl with the poor or with the rich. Two or three grave, worn faces, two or three pairs of tired, hopeless eyes rebuked htm unlcolnsciously for the idle freak that brought hihithere. Wihat right had he there, who came out of curiosity to watch thie un.i healthy symptoms of the disease called pov rt?,fyItVhat all itnsult to their bittenueodl wero lis mock trhlntlugs, in which he eanmu like one masquerading among a graveyard full of ghosts! "Hold on, friend, ye needn't go,".aud a long whiskered man beckoned to him. lie found his way to a seat with a hang dog nilr, the best pieco of acting he had done yet. The same stolid look was on this man's face, bleached to a settled paleness from the confinementof years in the walls of the mills, and there was a bitterness about the mouth and nostrils as if he lhad not kissed the rod that lnote him. "No call to be slnlhamed, young mant. I sup pose thoells the best lot lies you got. Your heart lmay be just as white as if you had a better livin'." The poor doi't talk except when they have something to say. iSo Phililip said nothing, to act in chtaracter. * "I suppose you think -yourre pretty hard up," resumted the big whiskered man, whc was no othert than grave, lte nte tn who had ipeercd into his coimitpeaioan's parlor windoiv only an hour ago. Aidl' ho glanced siglnil cantly at P'hililis boots and soiled ltanta loons.. - . "Jest look at that little .chap over yonder, all bowed up. lie don't look very hearty, does het Up to his house there's a wife all faded and broken, and two little cripples for children, at whinlitin' ai it screlechil' front mnornin' to-night. lie would chop his head off to help them, but he is slow and weak, and don't git butt ninety cents a day, and he catn't savo thleml babies aesingle acwhe, nor ease their poor Ilisslthapen little boues one twinge. It takes every pncny to keepl the wretched brenth in 'll nil, an? d hint and his wife, once as pirlty a gal as ever you seeit, has only to stand aind see 'eat cry. They used to cry thLemtselve?, too, but thalt was loI gano.'. GrI'tves looked about Ltilti. "Do you see that lent faced mnati with tile hlurt cari, at the e!nd of the senat yo're otn Well, lie's got the smartest little boy in town. All lie waiiteld, was schoolinu', and his father utnd ut!her savel ndtl scrillmped so hi could have it Yotlu oughter seen how pirout they was to see their lIn struttit' oilr to swchool whil they kept a thintkin' of him till dily long in the mill. And they was nevei r too tired to hear the boy tell theit over the hard namlies lie had learnel. And then they would tell the neighlors, who sometimes got jealouis, how they was saviln' every cent and uhow their boy was goin' to col logo like old l'reton's son. But there wits no call for the neighbolrs to lie jealous; the sewoman went to work: oo tinday when she was sick, nud caught her death o' coll and it took a nlint of lilmoney to niti?ss and then bury her. Then the man fell and got hurt atnd the little boy crietl enough to break your heart whell they took his books away." Tihe face of the long whiskered man softened an instiant, butt he turned his hetld away. "Hle needn't at cried," he aid gruffly; "I don't know as lie was tiany better than the rest of us." Now there cane a little commotion on the platform. A ianst who sat head aud slhoulders above the group oil the llatformi roso to his full height like i yountg gtitin aindl cameo forward. He looked down into the ulpturned faces for a nloment in silence, and lPhilip felt his steel bluo eyes plercing hilm like a sword. "Men," lie began. Then hlo ltopped speak. ing a moment.l "Yes, niie you are, iin spite of all the degradation the rich ndl the pow erful can put ulpon you. Timo time is coming swhen tIhe pridipleile of equaility vutiuteCd oii. the pages of so inuly lyini: constitutions, and breathed oil the lips of so utiltiay falsetonguted denagogues, slhall lie fully realized Tile time is cominig whet thie wo'rk shall not be oal one side and the rewanrd on the other. We shall not always weuar rags as the livery of our ntisteirs. Not aluways shall thoe poor rise early atld toil late, wear their skin till it lie shriveled likeplrheminit, and their bodiestill they be ready to drop into the grave for wearinrss, only to pluck the fruit of God's bountiful eartih Ar t 0e lilps of the idle and the proud to taste. The graciolus favors of tell tlhousanll smtilinlg hills and valleys are gath ered ontly for the few, and those whose arro ganlceal hardnlless of iettn have least de served thetm. And they tell us it must'lh so; that the few who nare more capable and ipre dent should thus be rewardedl for tlieh superiority. They oiltnt to six thousand years' oppression of the poor, inid say what has bee nutest be. Yes, for six thousand years the groins of the polr hlave gole iup, and as long the few, for whomll alone all tile beauty and bounty of the great earth seemed to blossom, have alnswtered with curses and contempllt."L Now his mlagllileent chest seemed to expand; his voice lost its pa thetic tone and rang out like ai trumpet. "BLut the knowledU ge they have given to inake its better slaves is bursting our fetters beforo their frightened eyes. The astoilished eolple see at tlst the black nld monstrous inl justico of theirsubljection. They luhay nuni bered their hosts, I? conliltles ns lthe s?ads of the sc::. It is the stiengtll of their irIIis iihas girtlled the eaitth with unceasing streams of l wealth. It is .the ingenuity of their hriuin> tills harnessed ealch of the untanied folrce of ilture to service. 'IThe infinite llnumber of their cunning tiligers lhns woven the fabrics to clolthe Christelloin, and their bred blood poured out oni a thlouisan battleilelds hlts ,ought vain triunpllhs for the pride of their uiastel'scl Ilis lips suddenly curled in majesti scorr., 'Aind how long will your patiett, calloused iuuds build palaces for the great, while you .ive in hlovels Oughlt not such strong arms is yours be table to wini enough to snake oneto .ul,?let lolno happy, if you w'ere not robbedl "ho worldl is full of cheap comforts; the uirvt:ets lre bloundless, the storehouses hrst ig, bit each worthless paupier has as good a ius' its yQou o Iltllake tihe weatnlth. You cause .h i mlltensa; your hntis till the teeming rulands :lel work the tireless loolns. Your shouil lers Ihow beneath the piroduects of your toil -like imuzzled oxen beating out the grain for Iuityinug masters. lWhy will you ondure itt ithecy tell yoiu it is only right; their books e:chi gentle submnission; their' oily tongued pIkr-olers sioothe you with proverbs aUlld con olilmginnximls, but all the wise Inoa of cci ulies ?utd all the huntldredt thlousand prinltiag resses of today, lienping tip books in every lllgllltgo like a new tower of Babel, cannuot rnit' a lie into the truth." Pllilti.eat lenning forward, his eyes fixed oii the sRieaker in a strange excitement. Cur aili's words canme into his soul like moltei ile, eolisminilg the ellaf of years nnd lear ilg a patl of light belhind. He was full of wonndler that Ie hadl been bliuld sololg, liuxedl w ith joy at his ueow piercing vision. He hadl forgotten how he had cone there, and felt a stluddlen desiro to take tlhe Imud of every hoor n1an in the 1o,111 aud pledlge him his help. Blt n, oneO seillmel toucllhed as he was. Tihe utio hlardl look was oni each face, the lmask thie poorr assmuno to cover their distress, but thie eyes of themt all were coterod on their irittor. "But you aro poor, nld withl your wives !mut childreLi are hungry for eovem the crust f breadl yoar nlasters east you. Though you 'ere a ilillioil to oue, you are held to their servito, 1io nlntter how sujust, by the daily recurring factsof Intlger and cocld. Look! the fleils are white with their lharvests, then hops illedt withl their celtlts, hut the law nlmkers and tlheir liitiss ielice ere iu their pay, alidl.yo ilutst uosw yo-r nllcek Inecks nud Ilailn yoaur mastels hllllliy for the trifle their greedl vouchllsafes you1." Phillp:'s heart thunl~llpe painfully within hip faded coat. Could the speaker give no hope to the wretched listeners hanging on his lipal Must they cringe .forever at the foot of po.ier!( Their thin, worn hands made the bread, but it was snatched from their mouths and doled out in scanty allowance as the price of hopeless slavery. He had dtvcr seen It before. "Who is hol" he whispered to his compan ion. The man did not even turn his face from the speaker. "It is Curran. He belongs to the Labor league." This, then, was the agitator his fa ther spoke of. And Bertha had pictured him rightly, with his clustering auburn hair. For a moment he stood silent, while under the divine light in his eyes the souls of each one ripened for his next words. "Alone you can do nothing, but united we can shake the world, and all over the land the oppressed are banding together. We are weak now, but when the long stifled voice of your wrongs finds utterance, the answering moans of millions will rouse your souls to the resistless martyr pitch. Then it will seem sweet to die-yes, to starve-with your dear ones about you inspired with the same en thusiasinm. When the generation is born which dare starve but has forgotten how to yield, and even for the bread of life will not sell its children into eternal slavery, then will the gold of the rich rot worthless in their white hands till they divide with us our common heritage." Ho stopped and sat down, and as his en thuslasm faded from his face, Philip saw he was not handsome. The eyes that.had seemed so wonderful were too deep seated beneath Iis heavy brows, and his smooth shaved face was scarred froln exposure tosun and storm; yet, while he had been speaking, pity and di vine wrath in turn melting and burning in Ilts eyes and lighting lup his rugged cheeks, he had seemed beautiful, like an archangel. The audience sat in silence a moment, then one ilant shullled his feet uneasily, then an other, and then all rose listlessly to their feet. Philip thought their zest in lifo had gone so long ago that they did not even miss it; then lhe remembered what his life was, bright as a June morning. Did God love him so muchl better than these weary crea tures, whose only refuge was in hopeless ness? Then lie thought of Bertha waiting for limin, and 11i hurried out, glad that he seemed to be escaping notice. Where was the fummy adventure he had to tell his sweet heart. )A new world had been revealed to him; a torld within the world he had played with, that knew no such thing as mirth, but fed forever on bitter realities, and his little spark of happiness seemed smothered in its black night. Each one miust have a family circle of his own. There were hungry eyes that looked to himt for the cheer his poor heart wastoodead togive. Suddenly a heavy hand was laid on his shoulder. "Praps you aint got no place to go to, friend." It was his big whiskered compan ion ill the hall, Graves. "I sort o' liked your looks in the meetin' to-night, and you're welcome to a bed at my house if yout want it." "O0, no," stumbled Philip, at his wit's earl. "Oh, no! Why not, then? Where be you goin' to stay?" and the man took his hand from the young man's shoulder and eyed him suspiciously. "Why, he wanted to go home and lay off his masquerado'forever. Bertha, all radiants in all that wealtlh can nddto .beauty, was awaiting him. He had so much to tell her," but he lind nothing to say aloud." "I won't take no refusal," nsisted tile man, taking Philip by the arm. "No words; Jane will get along easy with an extra for once. I presume you've slept in wuss places." CHAPTER III. AN UNWILtLIN GUEST. Philip thought [things were going a little too far, and as lhe walked along with his un desirable host lie began to plan escapes. Up on tlhe hill to his left he could see, now and then, between the houses, his own Iomio and the lights in its window streaming wel come to him. Tile tense mood relaxed in him, old habits of thought and association made themselves felt again; the poor men walking heavily by his side seemed a thou sand miles removed fromn him. "Here we are," said Graves, as he led the mill owner's son up a couple iT rickety look ing steps to a doorway. Philip was not pleased at all; he had seen enough poverty to-night; he did not care to particularize. What was the use of distressing himself over this man's private miseries and discomforts? Wasn't it written in all the books of political economy that-but Graves opened the door and waited for his unwilling guest to go in before him. The poor man's heart was warm in the unwonted exercise of hospitality, With an ungracious frown on his face Philip entered the dimly lighted room, his great boots sounding with startling effect on the bare floor." The top heavy kerosene lamp was turned down, but with the heartiness of a true host, Graves turned up the lamp so that Philip could look about him. There was little enough to see-a round pine table with a little blue, cracked crokery on it, a rusty cooking stove, two or three dingy, unpainted chairs a high backed rocking chair, with a faded,Vhapeless chintz cushion, and,-what seemed to be a sofa in one corner. . At first Philip thought the room had been unoccupied, but as Graves turned up the lamp a trifle more be saw it was a woman lying upon the sofa-a woman with sunken black eyes and wan, colorless cheeks, whose loosely bound hair, gray before its time, fell down over her shoulders. "The woman is sick, or she'd get up and speak to you," said Graves, with a new gen tleness in his voice, as he looked at the wife of his youth. "They say she might get well if we could pay doctors' bills. El, Jennioe" T.he giriwho stood in the doorway had her mother's eyes, not' quite large enough, but with a rare sheen in them; it might be her mother's face, too, but with the bloom of perfect health lightening lup its olive. Involuntarily he rose to his feet and bowed, but as the girl only seemed to regard him as one might look at a circus tumbler, Philip relapsed into his seat, in the humilia tion beauty can put upon the greatest of us. "Nothin' but cold potatoes? WVell, I guess they'll do with a little salt and a piece of bi'ead." .- "Did Curran speaklt" asked the girl. "Yes," answered Philip. "And who is he -a common laborerl" Then he bit his lip. But nobody took offcnse, no one suspected their guest of being anything above a com mon laborer. "Only a laborer," answered Graves, "a weaver, but le's got some book knowledge somehow. Tlhero aint many can boat him at talkin', is thero?" The girl's eyes were on Philip now, impa. tient, as he fancied, even for his poor tribute to her lover's praise. "He is wonderful," he assented, "but what I don't understand is, that he can be such a man and still a weaver. Where did he learn it all?" "Have you got enough to eat? Well, knowledge has got pretty well through all classes now, for those as wants it. It's there for all who have eyes or ears for it. Why, friend."where have you beon all your lifeol Brains and hearts don't go by station. I've found smarter men in shops and mills than most we send to congress. There's thousands like Curran, if they only got the stirrin' he's had some way. Now, Jane, it's about time you got this man's bed ready." , (Tu be Ctntl'itiu) 