THE YOUNG FOLKS. CAPTIVE ANIMALS. In the course of some interesting gossip on the treatment of animals in captivity, a con .emporary gives the following: Nature, when she wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her capacities when she patented a mandrill. This baboon has a muzzle such as would be manu factured by an artistic upholsterer who has pleated together pretty folds of blue andlight purplish pick stuffs. Although his head decoration is so diotisngtq, his beauty is but skin deep, for he enjoys the reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon-" Real mean," said the keeper. The singularity of his bead colours makes the mandrill a popular show animal. He is an expensive brute, requiring great care. The difficulty in captivity is to get him over his second year, for the older he is the more conspicuous is that painted face of his, which would make any self-respecting ghost-dancing Indian jealous. "This mandrill, now in his third year," said the keeper, " is getting along very well. We watch his con dition carefully. We give him raw eggs every day, and he shall have some now." The man drill clutched a couple of eggs offered him, was careful to hide the one he did not hold, and commenced nibbling the shell of one. Now he flirted all the white into his mouth, not spilling a drop, and then put the whole shell in his maw. Next he tilted back his head, and so took down the yolk. " Ile enjoys that very much. I give him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, and he puts it down as it be liked it." "Buttemperanocepeople alwayspoint to the the moral that perverted man is the only crea ture who indulges in spirits." "Well, it may not be natural to that mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it now. it's medicine, of course. Now come and look at our giraffe. He is in splendid condi tion. The trouble about such a big beast in confinement is that he is forced to stand in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, and he would get cold. and that would soon end him. As you see, the weight comes on his cleft forefeet, and one of them has spread a good deal, and we will have to clip it. He eats crushed oats, the best clover hay~ apples, carrots, and has his quart of milk with his water every day.. Now you shall see our lions and tigers. Here we have a brace of fairly lively lion whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in time they will get used to one another. Oh, thost epats don't amount to anything. : You see the trouble about those tigers ? Isn't it a pity ?" I did look, and-distreeinge eight !-the tigers tailswere scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. "That was one of our great misfortunes, and just one of those things that can't be always guarded against. One night, after oex hibiting, we had to strike tents and move off in double quick time. Somebody in the dark wheeled the van with these two sweet tigers near those dratted hyenae. The tigers flirted their tils. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. Just a couple of snaps, and the job was done, and the value of these tigers dimnished 85 per cent. You had better not stand too close. All these animals have a mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is more danger outside of the cage than in it. There are few things sharper than a tiger's claws. See." Thereupon the keeper drew out of his pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as sharp as steel. with fish-hook curves. " Wehave to cut their claws quite often. Whenever we introduce a new lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence so far as claws go, and lessen the offensiveness of the rest of them by clipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. They don't bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely alone. It we didn't do that, the new beast would have his hide all cut. It's not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's. or a tiger's claws, or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a claw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tackle, a half-dozen strong ropee, and as many men. The most trouble some rope is the one to be pat around the neck. The brute would choke himnself if not for the orecaution we take to secure one foreleg with ais shoulder in the noose. Other'ropes are attached to his fore leg and hind ones, and he is stretched on his side, and is'as heliless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement when the oper ation is over which at once loosens them. Then itisjust as if you had coiled up a thousand eorse-powersteel spring, and let it go sudden. The van just vibrates. ,ions suffer from lung troubles and rheunmatism. We give them milk, quinine, ruam. Sometimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a chicken just as a cat doea with a mouse-ind of enjoying it. They often. have milk. We use great careinbintcheing their meat, and watch out for splinters of bone which would choke them." 