THE EDITORIAL PILLORY. (From the Speaker.) No one has yet given to the world an epitome of an editor's trials. Thackeray dealt with one phase of the momentous subject in a " Roundabout" paper " On Thorns in the Cushion," but he was chiefly disturbed by the pathetic appeals of correspondents who had more poems than pence, and he did not live in constant terror of the contributor, regular and irregular. This is the awful being who is the bane of the editor s life, who has ample leisure for letter writing, and who pours forth impassioned ex- hortation or snivelling gibes by every post. Some editors, it is well known, dare not venture into the public thoroughfares except in disguise, for fear of being stopped by A, who will harangue them on the absurdity of B's article last week on bi-metal- lism or by B, who will beguile a walk up the Strand will sarcasms about A's sense of humour. The contributor may wonder sometimes why, quite early in their acquaintance has editor earnestly begs for his photograph. The truth is that the office boy has a complete set of speaking likenesses fitted into a stand inside his cloak, and this enables him to baffle the contributor who hopes to get admission to the editor's room before he is recognised. Unhappily, the ingenuity of some contributors is quite equal to this device, and one of them, who had art- fully made himself up to resemble Mr. Gladstone, triumphed over the success of the stratagem by bursting into an exclamation worthy of a transpon- tine melodramas. Nor is this all. There are countri- butors who are bitten by a desire to make havoc of conventions. "Why," writes one, " should we be gagged by a miserable deference to prejudice? You have returned my last article with the stereotyped remark that it is 'a little too strong' How on on earth can anything be too strong? Are your readers rational beings, or babies to be fed with spoon-meat? i Are you giving them information suitable for grown men and women, or teacching them to play with the rattle? " Here is another: "You struck out of my paper on the census a harmless and playful allusion to the statistics of illegitimacy. Good gracious ! Are we to look facts in the face, or are we not?? P.S. — I repeated the allusion in the company of most honorable ladies yesterday, and they were quite unable to see anything wrong in it." There's the rub? The contributor, who is haughtily certain that his code of propriety in immaculate, can always quote the opinion of some irreproachable private circle in support of it. They can look facts in the face not only without a blush, but without the smallest comprehension why the spectacle which is made agreeably humorous by the harmless and playful allusion should give the smallest offence to any human being. Now, it happens to be the business of the unfortunate editor to consider the views of the public he is addressing, and he is not much assisted in this occupation by the judgment, let us say, of a journalist in Paris, who is accustomed to the gay irresponsibility of the journalism of that capital. Nor does he learn anything in particular from an ingenious writer of stories, who complains that in a magazine designed for "family reading" he is greatly hampered by what he calls editorial prudery. It is quite pos- sable that the subscribers who pay the money for "family reading" have very limited notions of life, or they may be perfectly well acquainted with certain facts, which they do not, on that account, desire to be served up for family perusal. It is one thing to look facts in the face, and another thing to have these facts constantly staring us out of countenance in season and out of season. "Oh," says the in- guillotine writer of stories, " but just consider how perfectly inoffensive some of the things are which your prudish editor objects to! Into one of my tales I put a coloured baby whose parents were white. I simply wanted to illustrate in a playful way the physiological fact that a baby may sometimes resemble its distant rather than its immediate progenitors. 'Heaven and earth!' said my prudish editor, 'I can't have a black baby at any price!" It was all desperately playful, no doubt, but, simply on the point of taste, it is conceivable that the poor benighted editor may have something to say for himself. The humour of a baby who is unexpectedly black might be suffocating in a theatre to a certain class of playgoers, but to the readers for whom the ingenious story-teller was engaged to cater it might appear insufferably coarse. It is apt to be a serious matter for somebody when playful- ness goes to the wrong address. There are some merry jests in Mr Thomas Hardy's "Group of Noble Dames," but anyone who compares the volume with the stories as they originally appeared in the Graphic will see that the editor of that journal exer- cised a very considerable liberty of excision. For this few will blame him — Mr. Hardy least of all. So far from being prudish, an editor must have a perfect appreciation of all the humours of the contributors. He may hold his sides over them in the privacy of his sanctum, and confide them to the circumambient air; he may get quite apoplectic in the effort of suppressing the good things which he cannot print. But — to put the matter simply on the level of practical common sense he has to remember that the con- ventions which are the objects of so much wrathful protest are the conditions under which his work is carried on in this country. Jokes about black babies may have their place in the scheme of the universe, but it is no place for him. He knows by experience that his public is not possessed by that abnormal sense of humour which is developed to a tropical luxuriance of its contributor. It often happens that the contributor must joke or die — and he never dies. He lives to torment the editor with the reproachful ghosts of unpublished jests which keep up a crackle of hollow laughter amidst the affairs of serious mo- ment. For, after all, there are things to be accomplished in this world which have nothing to do with literary fantasies. They concern the plain, everyday lives of the people, and cannot be turned to account by the humourist who longs for some freer expression of his artistic self. The social facts which a journalist has to face are sufficiently grave without a perpetual harping on some string which has no chord of public opinion. The editor is like the guardians of some cave of Æolus, who has to restrain the brilliant sal- lies which would carry consternation to every point of the compass. The contributor is like the wind which goeth where it listeth, or rather is restrained before any untoward breeze is raised in sensitive quarters. It may make the editor's heart bleed when he has to chain up some sportive zephyr, but this is better than being overwhelmed by the remonstrances of readers who complain that their moral tent-pegs have been rooted up by a cyclone. 