THE CAULFiELD CUP. It still requires a pretty long look ahead to determine tbe great event to be decided on the " classic heath n of Caulfield on tbe I7th of October. Of course, it is just possible that the accidents inseparable from training cmerations mav cause me to cro " rioht round " on the opinions I at present bold, and that developments of the A.J.C. and Hawkes- burv Spring campaigns may show some marvellous alterations in past form, and cause me eventually to plump for something that I now hold not to have " a ghost of a sbow." To slightly alter a very old saw— - " There's many a slip 'iwixt the cup and the tip." The Caulfield Cup has now reached the position of the second biggest handicap in i all Australasia, and its importance positively eclipses the pretensions of any of the best efforts of onr intercolonial neighbors. From being, about a dozen years ago, only , a very ordinary handicap, the progressive efforts of the V.A.T.C. committee have raised the Caulfield Cup to the position of being second only to the great Melbourne Cup. That it is a difficult race lo win is generally admitted, for the contention of old — that a long-striding horse is out of his clement on the circular Caulfield course— still holds good, and therefore the vaiicinator. in criticising a handicap for Caulfield, always has to take into consideration the point as to whether a horse is " bandy " or not, in conjunction with his power of carrying the weight allotted him and his ability to last the distance. With Carbine out of the entries, Mr. Barnard's task was a somewhat easier one than his allotment of imposts for the greater Fleming, ton event. Drilidnoucijt (9st 101b) heads the list, and this is uiih 41b more than he is called upon to carry in the Melbourne Cup. I have all along fancied ihishorsc for the two-mile event, as I considered liim one of the best treated horses in the race ; bat it seems useless to canvass lxis chances, as, I regret lo say, his leg has once more filled, and his popular owner lias acted the true sportsman's part in thus early announcing tue fact. TiniiLLlcn has been honored with the same weight as Dreadnought, and I fail to see how Mr. Barnard couid give the highly distinguished Rew Zair.n«ier an ounce less, fcr as a three-year-cUl tho son of Musket and Florence was not once defeated in his ten attempts ; but, like Dreadnought, Tirailleur had & long spell, and, indeed, never saw the post as a four-year-old. It is true that he never once made anything like decent record time in all his races, bat the accounts I have from New Zealand are that nothiug was ever able to realiy stretch him. The best test we have of his excellence was his defeat of Scots' Grey in the New Zealaud Cup, but he was in receipt of 81b from the grey ; and we must not forget the letter's victory when, with 7st 111b, he won the Autumn Handicap at Fiemington, and defeated a capital field in gocd time. He also has defeated Mr. W. E. Wilson's Sultan, who on his form on this side could have no show, but I am assured by good New- Zealand judges that this form is all wrong, and therefore comparisons between Sult&n; an Tirailleur are useless. 1 have a strong opinion Of Tirailleur, whom all New Zealandcrs assert to be the superior of Carbine, but I must candid ly confess that I prefer bim for the Melbourne Cup. Bukgebah (9st 71b) now holds the pride of place in the betting market, and I am. not one bit snrprised, for he is beautifully treated, although hardly a sufficiently "handy" horse to "climb" around the Caulfield turns. Being a gelding he is much more likely to retain form than a stallion or mare, and six years is really a nice age for one o! the unaexed class. Tbe style in which he cantered in for the Epsotn Handi cap, with 7st 301b on his back, beating a performer like Megaphone, a wcight-for-age horse, who was only conceding him Sib, and was beaten by fully 14lb, must not be forgotten. This performance over a a mile in lmin 40scc was quite sufficient to stamp him a racehorse of high degree ; and then, to show that he w&s; such, he simply made hacks of everything opposed to him in tbe Newm&rkot; Handicap, with 9st Sib on his back. On these performances he must be considered wonderfully well treated with only 9st 71b, and if he can get around the turns will certainly be one of the most difficult horses in the race to beat. CcTRASSrER (9st olb) is a full brother to Trenton, who was one of the best horses that ever looked through a bridle in Australia. His New Zealand performances were of a very high order, and amongst them was his victory in the Great Northern Derby, when, with his Sst 101b — Derby weight— he put down a horse of the calibre of Manton, and ran the distance, one mile and a half, in the excellent time of 2mm 40$sec. When " hog fat" in the last Melbourne Gap he showed wonderful pace for nearly a mile and three- quarters, and it was generally asserted by all good jndges that if he had been as fit as Car bine lie would have made even the champion stretch bis neck lor victory. And this, too, is in accordance with the New Zealand traditions of the horse. When I saw him a few wedrs ago I noticed that the son of Musket and Frailty walked as soundly as possible ; but it is when the strain comes on that infirm horses show their weakness. He is said to be as fast off the mark as a two-year-old, and this is a great point in a Caulfield Cup, for iu this race a horse has seldom a show if he do not at once suoceed in getting a good position. We know that Cuirassier can carry the weight, that he can stay the distance, and that he can cnt out a nrile and a half in remarkably fast time ; but. nevertheless, I prefer Cuirassier for the Melbourne Cup, for the long straight at Fiemington will be more to Ins liking than the short one at Caulfield, Megxpboke (9 st 61b) was this rime last year looked upon as the coming r-hqnipion, but he went all to pieces after his Sydney campaign. In the autumn, however, he ! recovered some of his form, and won all the weight-for-age races in ' which his stable ; companion, Carbine, did not oppose him, His third in the Australian Cup was by no means a brilliant one, as be was giving | Vengeance Sib, and the winner defeated the ex-Queenslander by fully that weight. Now he has to give last year's Caulfield Cup winner 61b ; hut he is supposed, on the weight-for-age scale, to improve 201b more < than Vengeance. Allowing bim only to : improve 141b— for he was a forward colt— < ana agreeing that Vengeance beat him by 81b, he is now meeting the Australian Cup winner on 21b worse terms, but the distance is six furlongs shorter, and thus perhaps Mr. Barnard is o£ the opinion that Mega phone is better over twelve than eighteen furlongs. On their Epsom Handicap form Bungebah holds him pretty safely, for he now meets Megaphone on only 101b worse terms ; but this does not account for the easy victory, although it must be noted that Bungebah has not tbe room for improve ment that Megaphone has. All things con sidered, 1 think Mr. Barnard has dealt in a just mariher with Mr. WaDaco's colt. FaEBDokf (Sst 181b) is one of Dan O'Brien's Kew Zealand colts, and was last season a really capital performer. On his deeds of the post he is, undoubtedly, well treated'; but as he is not yet in the land of the kangaroo, and may not arrive, it will be quite time enough to discuss his chances when 1 can obtain a look at him. Venoeince (8st I3lb) is raised exactly 281b on his victory of last year, which he certainly won like a racehorse, althongh I shall ever think that on the day Euuc was the better if he had bad equal handling. After his Caulfield Cup win Vengeance was heavily supported for the longer event, bnt he was terribly unlucky in the race. Hia "no- where" in the V.B.C. Handicap I do not think counts for anything, although it must not be forgotten that he meets Correze, who then badly beat him, on Gib better terms on the actual weight, but theoretically on the wcight-for-age scale, on 141b worse. His victory in the Australian Cup with 7st lSlb was a highly creditable one, but 1 am of the firm opinion that either in the Caulfield or Melbourne Gups Vengeance is held safely by Correze. Sir William (8st 111b) I once thought the coming champion of Australia, for I saw bim when be started hia conquering career. He won his first races under very light weights, but he had all tbe appearance of being a w.f.a. horse. He has been a bit unlucky on this side, as he has been placed in nearly every race for which he has started. As a four-year-old Sir William has never once had his head in front at the finish of & race, and therefore 1 can hardly think him too favorably handicapped with Bst 111b. Wai&nitiel; (Sst 101b) is one of the most unlucky horses in training, so far as handi caps are concerned, for Mr. Barnard seems never to have forgotten that Federal Stakes victory at Caulfield. That be is a good colt must be admitted, but Whimbrel's form certainly does not justify the bandicapper in posting him with Sst 101b. Tekscai (Sst 91b) is one of tbe Musket breed, and was a really great sprinter in New Zealand. With 7st Gib on his back, he won the County Purse at Hswkesbury, with Megaphone (?st 61b) and Little Bernie (7st) as bis immediate followers, and yet after this Little Pernio annexed the Grand Handi cap, the Metropolitan, the Sydney Handicap, and other races. Teksum, on this side, won the Railway Handicap and the Van Yean Stakes, both on Cup Day, but I note that the last named race of a mile is ae far as the eon of Albatross has ever succeeded in getting. On his public performances, I think the mile and a half to be run in October a bit too far for him. It must not be forgotten, though, that Tommy Wileon develops staying powers in a remarkable degree under the shades of Mount Pisgab. RicnruEO (8st 9lb) has not won a race since he was a three-year-old, and, therefore, I think he should have been given a chance with a less impost than he is called to carry. His second to Dreadnought in the Derby seems to stick in Mr. Barnard's mind, and I must confess that on paper Richelieu is harshly treated. Grbygown (Sst 91b) is, I think, treated rather favorably, for his impost is just on hie performance, as if be were a five-year-old and not a three-year-old, capable of vast improvement. He is certainly not treated on the amendment considered fair by the V.E.C. for a horse changing from three lo four years old. lu tbe Sydney Cup he carried Sst 5lb, and ran second to Highborn with 9st 3lk; and this second was such a desperately near thing that all hands are at loggerheads to this day concerning which really did get home first, the grey or the black. On the improvement scale he meets Vengeance on 171b better terms than in the Australian Cup; and it may also be remembered that be was coming desperately iaⅈ ui. ujr JJJIJS.II, in litwt, oreYguviu is just treated on his age scale, as if he were in tbe Bagot Handicap, for which event he simply romped home. Tarcoola (Sst 71b) meets Vengeance on 231b better terms than last year, whilst he is only supposed lo improve 5fb. He is fairly well treated, for be has performed well since, notably at Williamstown and Geelong, besides his second to Greygown in the Bagot Handicap, when he was presenting the winner with 131b. Thirteen and five are eighteen, and yet Greygown is to improve twenty pounds ; therefore, Greygown meets Tarcoola on just the same terms as in the Bagot Handicap, when lie gave bim a 101b beating. It stands to reason that the grey will again defeat the bay. Malvouo (bst 71b) first signalised his ap pearance on the racing arena by beating Highborn in a mile race at Oakleigh Park just four days before the distinguished blapk ran CArbine to second placeTn tbe Melbourne Cup. Although the difference between them w&s; 101b, it must not be forgotten that Malvolio w&s; at that time only a raw, green three- year-old, and therefore the perform ance was one that stamped him as " a real good 'un." Afterwards, with 76t 8lb on him, he won tbe Hawksburn Handicap like & tradesman, and therefore he is entitled to the weight he has received. It seems to be a settled question amongst punters tb&t; the son of M&lua; and Madcap will win one of the Cups, but they are. like myself, in tbe dark as to which he will go for. In my opinion, without knowing anything, I prefer Malvolio in the Melbourne Cup, in which he has 8at 41b. Taktallox (Sst 61b) has hardly earned hie lmpo3t, for I take his best performance to have been when, at five years old, he won the Place Handicap at the Fiemington Autumn meeting, with 7st Sib, in 2min 38sec. His Geelong Cup victory was a very meritorious one; but he was presenting Tarcoola with only 31b, and now be is an aged horse, who is bound to go off instead of improving. 1 think Mr. Barnard might certainly have lei in Wellington's son with out tbe Gib. for this horse's form has always been fully exposed, the strings never being tightened in his case. Tca&itiox; (Sst Gib) has been a terrible failure since his sensational seconds, three years ago. in the " two Cups." I can hardly fancy this expensive purchase nowadays, although 1 would have taken a trip home if he bad " come off " in 18SS. Gresford (Sst Gib) has only once succeeded in getting his head past the post in front of his field, this being a small stake at Rose- hill. But be has shown himself a weight for age norse. msomucn mat lie ran a deaa heat witb Melos and Sir "William at weight for age wheu Carbine beat the trio. He was also second in the Caulfield and the Melbourne Stakes. When I saw Gresford at Dowling Forest a few weeks ago I thought him considerably improved, so far as appearances are concerned, but I hardly think him within olb of a horse like Greygown, who is the same age, and on performances a two stone better colt. (To be continued.) 