AND QUXSmON. THE Iff- (bxuqbmxi.) The judgment* of the Inquisition were always given in a large plaoe, capable of containing a great number of people, 3,000 or <£,000, in the amphitheatre of milch were arranged seats of different heights or degrees, same for the- accused, others f«»r the tribunal of the Inquisition and counsellors of the kingdom, and towering above aU the othenthat of the Grand Inquisitor. In thest»ce ' between was placed a chair for thepwafc^ with an altar by its side and a < stool for - the criminal who was to his sentence. fhe ceremony genertdly took plaoe on a Sunday—on a good day good work, thi— * — — - ing at 6 o'clock in the morning, and going on nntfl. 6 in the evening. They took the prisoners — from r their jj - dungeons, j giving \- - each one a little ve«t, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their heels, vest and drawers bung made of black linen striped with white. Outside this dress they pot a sanbexdto, which is a sort of cloak or scapulary, which hung down in the front and at the back, after the fashion of a herald's coat, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be beforehand from the different oolours of the cloaks and the figures, etc., on them. Those were condemned to death had eanbenitos of yellow linen, with the ansa of 8t. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a scapulary called samarra, on which were embroidered flames burning downwards, such as the Portuguese called Fogo Rnollo, and (hose condemned to be burnt alive a grey nrnam, on which was represented a man surrounded by flames, and devils Btirring up the fire. At the end of the ecapulary the victim's name and crime were written. They also wore pasteboard caps in the shape of a sugarloaf or conical mitre, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called conchas. They were then gagged in a most painful way, bo that the mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before. them and they were ironically invited to eat. This farce bang over, each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out Into the public square by a familiar of the Holy Office, who, under the name of godfather, wa° obliged to answer and be responsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim per romance. Then the procession would start. First marched the Dominicans, carrying the banners of St. Dominic, having the honour of going first because he was the firs-t Inquisitor oi his faith ; then came the other Inquisitor?, the high dignitaries of the Church, the nobility, and magistrates; these were followed, by the accused, who walked one by one, with nakei feet and bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wore the pasteboard caps, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. lu the middle of the procession a large crucifix was carried, the face • of the figure on it turned towards those who ^ad escaped death, and the bick towards the ; others as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the pulpit and gave a sermon tending to the'eonversion of the Jews and heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. When the sermon was finished, an inquisitor took the preacher's place and called the criminals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and, conducted by an alcaide, placed himself on his knees before the inquisitor, who read his jwroth and his sentence. When all the sentences were read, an inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who had escaped death, and absolved them from the excommunication which they had incurred, giving- each one a little stroke with a rod- This sentence of excommunication was thought so terrible, that the officers of the Inquisition dared not speak to the accused nor show them the slightest mark of friendship—not even the godfathers who walked beside them. But the moment they were absolved from their excommunication they might speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffer there happened to be a priest, he was stripped of his cinonisals, "which he was allowed to weartothelast, that his humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then to remove the oil of his consecration he was subjected to a most cruel and abominable process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until they were raw and bleeding, after which he was put with the common herd to await his final punishment. Those whose execution had not yet been arranged, and th« reconciled prison ere, who had saved their lives by recanting their faith, were now separated from those condemned to death, and while the former were conducted once more to the dreary solitude cf the gloomy underground dungeons of the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long long years in those lo&thsome; places, perhaps in the end,after sickeslng alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary crime; the others who had been condemned to suffer all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of logs had been placed. Here each victim was boundf to a stake, and then the executioner asked them in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to dio Christians they were mercifully strangled before being burnt: if not—and the Jews and Mohomrnedans often adhered to their religion with degreed courage, suffering any tortures rather than recant—they were burnt alive • Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, and a priest of the Bomish faith, ignorant of the charges made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown horrors before them ; for Torquemada knew not the quality of mercy, and in the deep and impregnable vaults of the Inquisition had his unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in older to make them confess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to confess, and the tortures being more, in many cases, than human nature could, endareliio.end of people con^ fessed to enmosof fvrniA they had never even dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering- torches, these fiends, in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. " Whether man, matron, or tender virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires, pulleys, «wews_— all the apparatus by which the sinews could be strained without cracking, the bones bruised without breaking, and the body racked exquisitely without giving up its ghost—was now pat into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe fro in head to foot, with his eyes glaring at Ids victim through holes cut in the hood whioh muffled his face, practised successively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of monkB had invented." The heavy noisome air of the dungeons resounded with the cries "ijl groans of the miserable wretches, whs lu thoEe mediaeval d«ja thought they would lose thaw chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith In which they had been bam and finnly believed, and »era torn by cruel and horrible puns of both mind and body. But what cared Torquemada and his bloodhounds for that F They were heretics, dogs of Jews, and they must suffer, in thatthey did not belong to the Holy Church of Home. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints were like to crack, and burst asunder; they were tied with the Boles of their bare feet within a few indies of a blazing fire—a foretaste of that cruel death tat the stake to which so many wise to come at last; ttiy wen suspended from the by their hands, which wgre ' cased In Iron gloves po tightly screwed {hut the victim's finger® wBre<ariAedi^bcni»Bd; they wsare placed,on frames head <U>wnfv»ril> and aoomg^dtilllhe blood nn; they had pieces «f their flesh pinched away with- red-bot Icuob; their^toe and ~ oS; fluir-teeth Jawsd-faito «na£h msms^MSIMM fitthlon ; th&y; wereauspended by sharp hooka ' under the shoulder-blade*; needy torn ' wmoder by Tbrquemadaoften ordered,.was to have • doth lied over the nose aul mouth of the-victim, soda monk, who sat beside, kept dropping water on the cloth, which most have produced - a meet T , -. painful , _ ef .. soffo- , 1 To n I ai T*^1' ^ M9«. «he »uttor ot RT DC , <w> j. 1^' - M T« «* •' r f Forthe ^ * ™ advancement ' . ^ P 6 *?"* of the 1 *, faith « all «a means an lawful." If this were not, it *hwtd have been his motto. "The oonfictions of Torqcuamada," says M. Rosseuw-Balnt- HilnTra, " were Binoere, one canoot doubt, whan one examines his life; botwithwbat astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life given up entirely to doing 01, with the same ardour and perseverance that others do good I His name remains for all time detested and abhorred amongst men. Bat bis evil work, unhappily, is not dead wit h him. During more than three centuries the Inquisition ground down Spain, and the country yet bears its impress." 