DEFINITIONS. Our readers were invited to furniBh definitions in verse or prose of the following words: — Valour, Veteran, Vice, Villain, Virtue, Vizen, the verses not to exceed eight lines, and the prose definitions not to exceed forty words. We publish the following this week;— 'Valour. The courage of the politician, who, on having an appointment in the Ministry- offered him, savs •• No." The perseverance of the mathematician who solves a biquadratic equation while a spasmodic burdygordy is played under his window.—Cokk sciusw. The nerve of the man who, with his hands tied behind him and blindfolded, will walk backwards down the steps of a deep dungeon haunted and infested with ghosts, howling dingoes, cobras, death adders, mice, mosquitoes, pismires, politicians, and "possums.—JoMuuna. ,■ The virtue Captain Cuttle didn't display in the "presence of Mrs. McStinger.—Oxonian. Veteban. A noble old warrio r, who dauntless has faced The foe that has threatened to blow out his \- brains; The pilgrim, .whose features have long been de facefl Wltb the wrinkles of care and affliction's sad pains;' The feeble, decrepid, and manacled slave, Who longs for repose in the peaceable grave. \- - Columbine. My uncle Harry is aveteran, But uncle Edward is a better 'on; - Though not a gambler nor a better, yet - He married Betty Betterton, you bet. WiLDBmn. The hero of a hundred fights, To keep for man his cherished rights, And help him t6 be free. The soldier, oft in want and ean, Forgotten by the maidens fair when old and poor is he. Alas, that those who for their country bleed, . Should be deserted in their time of need. . p V'. B. S. S. A lawyer who knows how to fleece one with fees. A horse that has studied hard roadsonhis knees All his life—say of years twenty-three. A soldier bedecked with bright medals and fame, Who, though crippled and lame; will yet always he lie a leg is left on him, yon see. An old sal t who has sailed ail his life o'er the bine. A pugnacious, audacious, old-man kangaroo. Jo Murna. A character which all men do their level best to attain, yet dread its approach. A title often con icitcu upon uiose who deserve no other. 