NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Fine Healthy Weather. Football. No matinee. "Frou Frou." Stars and stripes. Independence Bay. Vesuvius is a-fizzin'. Look out for squalls. Garner's still booming. Sunshine and shadow. America's anniversary. Another salt lake formed. Ports v. South Adelaides. More football excitement. Russian spies in Bulgaria. Another insurgent victory. The Shah visits Chicago fair. Heavy rains in West Australia. A live dove thrown on the stage. New South Wales elections over. Last night of the "Divine Sara." No matinee at the Theatre to-day. The Cyclorama still holds its own. Signor Buzzi at the pop. to-night. The Gaiety Company are coming. A plumpton wanted near Adelaide. Dr. Beaney left £50,000 to charities. Port Adelaide S.M. about to resign. The Prince of Naples visits England. Cathedral choir sing at to-night's pop. Difficulty in the bakery business again. A railway to Mount Pleasant is asked for. Inspection of Permanent Force completed. Emperor William to get a socialistic recep- tion. Protection triumphant at the N.S.W. elec- tions. Railway collision in America; 19 passengers burnt. Mackie, Mizon, and Stirling for the Southern district. Nellie Farren and the Gaiety Company coming. Dr. Barrett, the cricketer, joins the Austral at Naples. A lumper broke his leg while working at the Port on Friday. Keep your eye on the barometer. That's the advice of Mr. Todd. The Major-General well pleased Witt the condition of the forts. Madame Bernhardt teaches folk what a fearful thing it is to die. Population of Adelaide (within a radius of 10 miles of G.P.O.) 133,320. Sarah Bernhardt thinks more of absence of draughts than presence of good scenery. An American has invented a gun which he ironically names "The Peacemaker." It fires 16 shells a second. Nineteen days in a well with scarcely any food or water—that's the experience of an un- fortunate man in West Australia. GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. Boy (to his friend who has fallen down a hole)—"I say, Tommy, if you never should come out of there alive, can I have your bull dog?" Every dog has its day, and the cats seem to be quarrelling over the nights. He—"May I kiss you just once?" She— "No." He (unabashed)—"How many times?" "Yes, marriage is a lottery; and I'm drawing a prize," and the young man laughed as he pulled the baby carriage up the stairs. Wife—"Now that you have bought a cow, who will milk it?" Husband—"Oh, he says the calf does that. So we'll have all the milk we want." "My salary, Angela, is raised from thirty to thirty-five shillings. Will you wed me now?" "No, Edwin, it cannot be. A cruel world would say that I married you for your money." Jones—"There is no mistake that gold is the only key to success in the world." Smith— "You're wrong, old man. The true key to success is made of brass." "Can you support my daughter in the style to which she is accustomed?" asked her father. "I can, but I won't," returned the careful youngman; "I'm not extravagant." A woman may forgive some of the more serious domestic crimes, but she can never forgive her husband for telling her that her hat is on straight when she knows as well as he does that it isn't. "It seems to me that I have read something similar to this," said the essayist's wife, glanc- ing over copy. "Shouldn't wonder," he answered, cheerfully; "Shakspeare made a stagger at it once, but without much success." Customer—"No go, Mr. Isaacs. I tell you, for the tenth time, you haven't a coat in your store to suit me. I don't want a plum-colored coat, I want a brown coat!" Isaacs—"Mine friendt, I assure you on the wordt of a shentle- man, dis coat I hold in my hand will fade brown!" Constance—"I care not for your poverty, George. Let us wed at once. We can live on one meal a day if necessary." George—"Can you cook, love?" Constance—"George, I attended a cooking school for two months." George—"Then we will wed. I think one meal a day will answer." Grocer (who has recently joined the Volun- teers, practising in his shop)—"Right, left, right, left, four paces to the rear; march!"— falls down trapdoor into the cellar. Grocer's wife, anxiously—"Oh, Jim, are you hurt?" Grocer, savagely, but with dignity—"Go away, woman; what do you know about war?' '. Railway Official—"You had better not smoke, sir." Traveller—"That's what my friends say." Railway Official—"But you must not smoke, sir." Traveller—"So my doctor tells me." Railway Official (indig- nantly)—"But you shan't smoke, sir." Travel- ler—"Ah, just what my wife says." A good story has been revived of the reply made by Lord Melbourne to a political friend who had been importuning him to give the Order of the Thistle to a peer who was more noted for his urbanity, than for his great talents. "Give the Thistle to ——" said Lord Melbourne, with one of his usual expletives; "why, he'd eat it!" Mrs. Prentice—''How do you always manage to have such delicious beef?" Mrs. Oldhand— "I select a good honest butcher, and then stand by him." Mrs. Prentice—"You mean that you give him all your trade?" Mrs. Oldhand—"No, I mean that I stand by him while he is cutting off the meat." Oliver Wendell Holmes was a classmate of Dr. Clarke at Harvard, and according to the reminiscences of the latter the Autocrat of the Breakfast Table was as witty then as now. One day the two were talking of metaphysics, when the bright-tongued little great man exclaimed, "I'll tell you, James, what I think meta- physics is like. It is like a man splitting a log. When it is done he has two more to split." A teacher in a Sunday school was examining a class of little boys from a Scripture catechism. The first question was, "Who stoned Stephen?" Answer—"The Jews." Second question—"Where did they stone him?" "Beyond the limits of the city." The third question, "Why did they take him beyond the limits of the city?" proved a poser to the whole class. At length a little fellow, who had been scratching his head all the while, looked up and said, "Well, I dinna ken, unless it was to get a fair fling at him!" It is the small boy who usually tells things, and the dinner table is his favorite theatre. Not long ago a bright little fellow peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and ex- claimed—"What a little chicken for so many people." The company smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavored to quieten him. But he was like Banquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted—"Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was sick so long in the yard, ain't it." Once in the Foreign Office a new chief was taking possession of his rooms and he came face to face with a soldier pacing the passage. He marvelled because the guard gave the word "Keep to the left." "Why do you say 'Keep to the left?' " "I don't know." The states- man investigated the singular affair and after not a little trouble a clue was found and fol- lowed. Fifty years before the passage had been painted, and an orderly had tramped it with orders to bid every one " keep to the left" and avoid the wet paint. This order had stood unchanged and practically unquestioned for a term of 50 years. CONUNDRUMS. Why is a cat on its hind legs like the Falls of Niagara?—Because it's a cat erect. Why does a piebald donkey never pay toll? —Because his master pays it for him." Why is a talkative man like a young pig?— Because he is likely to become a bore. Why is a tight shoe like a fine summer? Because it makes the corn grow. When has a man a right tc scold his wife about his coffee?—When he has sufficient grounds. Why is an Englishman like nineteen shil- lings?—Because he is under a sovereign. When is a cow not a cow?—When she is turned into a field. Why are ripe potatoes in the ground like thieves?—Because they want taking up. 