The recent celebration of Eight Hours' Day in Melbourne was made the occasion of some very plain speaking from a quarter which should command the respect of every sensible working man throughout Australia. It is most unfortunate that whenever warning or advice, couched in plain terms is tendered the working classes, unless it happens to jump with their humor and express approval of their actions, there is a large section ready at once to de- nounce its ooverfc dishonesty or opt-n hostility. It is forgotten that a man's best friend is often he who will point out to him his faults, in the hope of taring him from himself, and it is assumed that he only cm be unpre- judiced who will commend instead of trying to restrain. When, therefore, the censor is one whose impartiality admits of no impeachment, and from whose hands the trades have received that which they hold to be their I greatest boon, his words should carry with them a special power of convic- ion. Such a position is certainly held by the President of the Eight Hours' Pioneer Association, and he could have chosen no more impressive oocasion upon which to sound his warning than that selected for laying the foundation stone of a monument to commemorate the success of the great reform move- ment which may be regarded as having secured the emancipation of labor. It was also significant that even then it followed upon one of those offensive aggressions which have done so much to discredit latter day Unionism, and which have marked the recent celebration in Melbourne by a series of blunders calculated to alienate general sympathy from the Union cause. The Pioneers' Associa- tion represent the fast dwindling sur- vivors of the men of 1854-6, who by legitimate agitation and arguments in- telligently supported, won the recogni- tion of the eight hours principle in which the united trades are now rejoicing. They are the founders of the edifice who, course by course, built it up for the benefit of those it now shelters. Yet so strongly do they disapprove of the methods Unionism has more re- cently adopted that they have been treated by the Trades' Hall party with such wanton discourtesy as for a time to make it doubtful whether they would not organise a counter Eight Hours' Demonstration. To the same spirit of boorish aggression is attribute- able the indignities offered to the Go- vernor, Lord Hopetoun, in discussing whether or not he should be invited to attend the celebration, and it was fur- ther responsible for the affront to the Mayor of Melbourne which compelled him to decline what would otherwise have been the honor of laying the foundation stone of the move- ment. As he remained firm in this refusal, despite subsequent solicitations, the duty devolved upon Mr Benjamin Douglas, the President of the Pioneers' Association, and it was in performing this function that he referred to the memorial as com- memorating a triumph which had been won, not by tyranny, oppression, and strikes, but by the force of moral suasion. This, he declared, had secured the recognition of the principle which was now extending to every part of the civilised world, and this he was certain would still prove sufficient to ensure its further progress. Speaking at greater length at the sub- sequent banquet, he said — ' He must condemn the action of the few mis- chief-making agitators who have been dragging the democracy of Australia through the mire for the last few months. He was not afraid to speak his mind before those men ; but he knew that if he attempted to do so he would be howled down by what to-day was called ' an intelligent democracy.' These men had been battening on discord, and bringing about strife and strikes, and thousands of men were groaning under the tyranny of those who had falsely led them. The working men should no longer follow the rule of these parasites on the institution which the Pioneers had raised — para- sites who, many of them, lived by their wits and not by honest industry. He challenged some of these mis- chievous leaders to prove that they ever did an honest day's work. They had held sway too long, and the time had arrived when their nefarious con- duct, in leading their fellow-men astray, should be exposed and condemned. Yet when an honest, hard-working mechanic drew attention to the way in which these men were acting, and by constitu- tional means tried to secure the reform of a certain institution, how was he met ? With howling and derision. I The question was never allowed to be debated. The closure was employed to strangle discussion; and the closure, like the boycott, was un-British and tyrannical. He hoped another year would see a better conduct of public affairs, as against those who were now unnecessarily interfering.' The matter last referred to was the proposal of Mr Bolger to reform the constitution of the Trades Hall Council, so that it should only consist of those who were representative of their societies, and not of nominees and trustees response- ble to, and representative of, no one but themselves. This, it was urged, was but fair to those who by this Council might be ordered out on strike — and the discussion was burked mainly at the instance of Messrs. Trenwith, Murphy, and Hancock, three nominee members, who were mainly responsible for the ruinous maritime strike. What instance could more forcibly illustrate the force of Mr Douglas' remarks, or what could plead their fuller justifica- tion ? Had this speech been delivered by the President of an Employers' Union, a man of independent means, or the representative of any great industrial enterprise, it would have called forth scathing denunciation from the parasitic agitators as a scandalous misrepresentation, prompted by the most rabid hostility to the interests of the working classes. But the man speak- ing represents the phalanx of earnest workers who have proved themselves the greatest benefactors their fellows have ever had. His remarks carried with them the approval of every one of his associates, men who, like himself, had fought and won the Eight Hours' battle — but without recourse to any of the modern methods. Such men can not be regarded as the enemies of their class by those who still hold in their hands the benefactions so obtained. If friendship is to be gauged by services rendered, let the gift of the Eight Hours principle be weighed against the fast following disasters entailed upon the labor cause by their new leaders during the last six months, and let it be said whose word is worthiest of credence. Then, if those who are the Nestors of the cause speak with this emphasis, is it not time that the men upon whose shoulders the burden must fall should decide to be governed by the voice of reason ? What hope for working men is there from the parasitic agitators who have commenced their so called Congress in Ballarat by solemnly resolving that all the Press telegrams from Queensland are lies, and that the shearers who are guilty of what verges on civil war are worthy of sympathy and support ? The sense governing one act may fitly characterise the whole, and it is for the rank and file in the army of labor to halt, to review the position, and to decide whether they will continue to follow three men to ruin, or, wheeling to the right, will take up the more advan- tageous position indicated by Mr Benjamin Douglas.______- Ths announcement made to tbe United States Senate by General Harrison in his Presidential Address, to the effect that the Government intended to liberally subsidise mail steamers under the American flag, shows how keenly the Americans appreciate the energetic efforts of Canada to win the trade between England and Australia and India by tbe proposed Atlantic-Pacific service, vie the Canadian Overland Railway. For years the States held a monopoly of the trade in question, and the idea of with hier five millions of people, constrcct ing a Continental railway to compete with those of the States was scouted in the latter country as absurd In Sir J. Mac doaald, however, Canada possesses a man.of wonderful energy, of great intellect, and of a true patriotic and loyal spirit. He has adopted the right principle of legislating for the wants of his country, allowing neither theory nor precedent to prevent the passage of legislation which will have the effect of encouraging the trade and industries of Canada. From our exchanges ha-i been inaugurated between the Pacific Mail and Oocidental and Oriental (United States) Steamship Companies and tbe Canadian Pacific BaUr ad. Several weeks ago it was announced that the Canadian Pacific Company intended to run their China steamers to and from the East by way of Ban Francisco. To meet this the American corporation have determined to invadis Canada, and are making arrange ments to run their line of Chiua steamers bv way either of Tacsma or Victoria, prob ably the latter. The American Company do not propose to do any business between Victoria and San Francisco, as its relations with the Pacific Coast Steamship Company are cordial,* bnt they do expect to make it hot for the Canadian Pacific Company. The American Company will take no over land business over the Canadian Pacific line, but will send its business over the Northern Pacific and Oregon Short Line, Australia is largely interested in this com petition for tbe P4c'fic trade, for in the very near future we anticipate that the AthntLc-Pacific service batween England and Australia via the Canadian Overland Railway will be an accomplished fact, thus forging a very strong link in the chain of British unity, and opening a direct service between these Colonies and the Mother Country, running the entire distance under the British flag— a great desideratum in these troubled times of wars and rumors of wars. A Fish Mabkbt fob Lattncbston.— It is somewhat of a tagroach to the city of Laun ceston that the citizens have been content to be inconvenienced through the absence of a fish market, and our Agent-General (Sir E 1 ward Braddon) he was not far wrong when, in-reading a paper on Tasmanian in dustries at the Royal Colonial Institute a in the supply of fish in Tasmania, though ' shoals were almost asking to be captured An advertisement, however, in another column contains the gratifying news that a market has been established at Cape's Btores, Charles-street, where auction sales of fish will take place twice daily, namely, 7 a.m. and 230 p.m., the first sale being to morrow morning. We understand the pro prietor has made arrangements for a con stant supply, and no doubt the venture will be a great success. Wbst Coast Subvbts.— Our Hobart cor respondent reports : —Mr R. Povey, who has been employed on the eastern section of the On86 West Coast survey, under Mr Single, returned to Hobart on Friday, and from him I learn that an excellent route is being obtained. Already some 10} miles have been marked out from tbe iron store east ward along the course of the Dsrwent. The difficulties have been comparatively few, and Mr Povey— who, [by the way, is a thorough bushman— considers that tbe construction of a railway along this route would be inexpensive. He is of opinion that the worst part of the eastern section has been marked out. The surveyors* camp is some two miles ahead of the works. Mr Povey reports two accidents of a severe character to men employed by the party. Thos. Bannister, while engaged supplies for the camp, was thrown from hio horse, and sustained a fracture of his collar-bone. The second mishap befel Wm. Smith, who out bis foot severely with an ; axe. Both men are doing well. j Latbob ? — Our correspondent reports The fori helming Industrial, Horticultural, Dog, and Poetry Show to be held on Wed- 1 nesday next, promises to go off with great! eclat, and the entries will be between 400 and 600 — The annual election in connec- j tion with the Latrobe Boad Trust, took, nlaceon Wednesday, when a comH dpn.1 I interest was evinced, and finally tbe fol lowing was aanounotd as the result:— 1 Messrs. M. T. Heat ley, 92 ; W. A. Whitaker, 92; B Bauld, 35. Messrs. Bauld and Whitaker were the retiring trustees.—1 The I weather hes been boisterous and cold since yesterday morning, and to-day a good deal of enow is visible on the Inland ranges. —Political matteri are stirring up, and there is a great liklihood of a very keen I ontest, as though the electioneering cam I paign has not started yet, there are a good 1 many workers for each candidate.— The boilding trade is remarkably active, and quite a number of buildings— generally of a substantial chrracter— are in course of erection. Public Works Tbndbbs —The following tender* have fe*»& by the public 1 works committee :— Road from main road near Forcett to Whi e Hills, contraot 2, J. Long, £24; road, deviation road, Mathinna to FmRal (street Mathinn* township), con tract 2, Au Marshall, £63 9j ; road, Soortp dale weet to railway station on Sprintfe d road, contract 2, J. Pearson, £5'J9 8s 93 ; road, WeUbury to Early Rises, contract 2, T. Johnston, £207 10s; road, Wynyard to Warat&b;, contract 10, Walmsley and M'Kenna, £92 6s; road, Dusty Lane* Gle norchy, contract 1, Moore and Bryant, £90; road, George's Bay to Lotted, completion of contract 8, J ' Palce, £235 lOg j road, St, Mary's to Picannini Point, road to Thomp son's Marshes, oontract 1 , E. Cooper, £200 4s 6d ; road, Scottsdale West to Lletinna ; vail watt atntinn . mmtMAf: A. .T PuMnn.f 'An 1 12s 2d; road, Port Cygnet, Casey's road, Lymington, Christie and Strong. £21 12s 6a ; road through Kube's to Murphy's and other selections, oontract 16, Murphy and $ing, J^6Q 7s 10d : roads, Parish of Nietts, road to lots of A. Goold and others, con tract 6, F. 8. D«nney, £216 5s ; road to Messrs. M'Pherson's lots, contract 6. F. B. Denney, £53 14s 7d ; Police Reserve, Bprent , 1 fencing, A Denis on. £9 63 3d. The follow ing- tenders are corrected t - J. R. Hetcalf I for contract 1, road. Barrington road at I Med craft's Hill towards MelroFe Creek, | facetted 17th February, 1891, to J. H. Med- 1 craft ; Fi'ssaurioe ard Btnart, for contract 4\. Calder road, gssetted 17th February, 1891, at £162 9a - to £178. TASMANIA* PXIXWAT EMPLOTBBS ASSO CIATION. -A meeting of the above wes held at tbe Ijfoe I?otel on Saturday night, when seven new members were enrolled It waa reeolved that tbe meeting be ad journed till the following Saturday night EAST DEVONPORT.—Our correspondent reports : — In these limes, when there is a state of almost stagnation in property transactions, it is quite refreshing to find an enterprising builder with sufficient con- fidence in the ultimate prosperity of the place to invest capital in speculative erec- tions. Coming to the point, I had already noted the sub-division of a two-acre allot- ment in Wright-street into two of one acre each, and the building of villas upon each by Mr Gravatt, of the Imperial Hotel. On paying a recent visit I could not help noticing the great amount of work that had been done as where the ground was uneven and covered with stumps and holes, all was now level and in excellent order, even to a well-laid out footpath, which latter should have been done at the expense of the Town Board. A neat frontage, and a nice gravelled path with cement sides leads up to the Villa which I inspected. This is now finished, and is com- plete in every possible detail, even to rows of hat pegs in the hall, which on one side is skirted by four comfortable bedrooms, and on the other by a compact drawing-room, commodious dining-room, and kitchen, in which is an oven, sink and cupboards. Other rooms are bath, scullery and washhouse, the latter fitted with a copper built in, and other appliances, and a cement floor. Large tanks are built in the house, and taps are to be found in the kitohen, bath, and wash- house, which is decidedly very convenient, and a true labor-saving arrangement. Drainage and ventilation has not been overlooked, and the necessary outbuildings are not lacking, and a well of water is at hand, with a convenient little paddock at the rear. Inside all corners are finished off with Keen's angle cement, which is as hard as marble, and stoves are provided in the different fireplaces. The front verandah is of an unique design, with a curved arch over the hall door, and the iron frieze is appropriately a design of roses and ferns, the completed villa being known as Rose Villa, while an adjoining one, in course of erection, is to be designated Fern Villa. With the grounds planted out with shrubs and flowers, the tout ensemble would be perfect, and being within easy reach of the beach, and situated on the main street, the villas are splendid properties and desirable residences. Thb Bkv. E. A Tslfss.— This eminent : divine occupied the pu'pic at St. Andrew's Church yesterday morning, when there was an unusually large congregation. The rev. geuvioouui bws iwr ui» be*b i-ue ocn ouapiier : and 6;h and' 7th verses of the Song of Solomon, principally blslng his remarks on ; the words— M For l&fe; is'strong as death, and jealousy as cruel as the grave.' In the course of a powerful sermon the preach -r referred to many of those who in love for their Bedeemer perished at the stake, particularly mentioning the name of George Wishart, one of the grandest ministers Scotland ever gave to the Chris tian church. At the close of the ordinary service the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was partaken of, several communicants from other denominations being present. The rer. gentleman preached in the even ing to a crowded congregation at the Wes leyan Church, Patteisan-street. The dis course, whic h' was a very powerful one. was from the book of tbe Revelation, vi, land2-'Cime, and 1 saw, and behold a white horse, and he that eat thereon had a bow, and there was given unto him a crown, and he cama forth conquering and to conquer.' The preacher dwelt at length with the purposes of God in salvation, the red horse of war, black ho»e of famine, pale horse of death. The white horse of the text was shown to be the Gospel, with Jesus Uhri t the rider, and he had in all ages gone forth M conquering and to con quer.' To-night at the Mechanics' Insti tute, at 8 o'clock, Mr Telfer will lecture on 'John Knox,£cotland'e hero,' and the well known powerful and llvelv eloauenca of the lecturer should attract a large audi ence. DA. MABBBLV*d IiBCrtJfiKS.— The third lecture upon the lloly vessels of the Tabernacle was delivered yesterday after noon in the lecture h&U; of the Y.M C.A. by Dr. Maberly, the subj «ct being *'The Gjjden Candlestick.' After describing the form and ornamentation of tho candlestick with its seven lamps, signifying the perfection of light, Dt. Mabetly stated it was the only source of light in the Tabernacle which was without windows,' and but for that illumination the priest could not And his way to the altar of incense, and the interior of the Tabernacle woutd have been a scene of confusion. This was a representation of Him who by Sis Spirit was the light of the world, and without whose illuminating power no spiritual things could be dis cerned. As the lamps were trimmedevery morning, pod were always kept lighted, so the Christian's lamps should be trimmed and burning ready for the bridegroom. B.aten oil was prescribed in preference to pressed on account of it6 belter illuminat ing power. No size was specified indicating that the Spirit of God is not limited. The anointing oil was a type of the Holy Ghost, which set apart believers, making them kings and priests and fitting them for God's service. B&badatbanb; Boas Trust —The annual meeting of the Breadalbane Road Trust was held at the Newstead Inn on Thursday, at were present: -Mr David Pet ere (in the chair), Messrs. Grubb, H in man, and Bell. The minutes of tbe previous meeting were read and confirmed. Nominations were received for MeEsrs. flinmae. Bell, and Lindsay (the retiring members), and as only three were required, they were declared duly re-elected, when the usual declarations from MessrB. Hinman and Bell were signed and handed in. The tenders received on the 21st were duly considered, and the following unanimously accepted: — B. Giberts, section 1 ; G. Kiddle, sections 2, 3. 4, and 6 ; W. Blackaby, section 5. Several i small aocounts were passed for payment, when tbe meeting adjourned to Baturday, the 9th May, at the omoe, Bourke-street, to fix the rate, and appoint a chairman and a I collector. 1 AcAtstrv of Music.— The last two per formances of the pantomime of ' Cinder ella' were given at jtht Academy of Muslo I qn Saturday afternoon and evening, and a both there were large audiences, particu larly at the matinee. ; ExOUBBtON To POSBVBABS —A AftiiMrf I Is to be held at Roeeveare on Wednesday evening, in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr Thomas Dutton. who was killed at Lefroy during the early part of tbe present month. The s.s Centennial is to leave Launceston at 7 pm, and will convey performers free of charge, and with fine weather probably a good number will avail themselves of the last moonlight excursion of the seatou; Thb Rainfall. — The Government Meteorological Observer (Captain J. Shortt, B N.) reports the rainfall in Tasmania for the week ending April 25, 1891, as follows: — Soutbport, 099; Mount Nelson, 070 Hobart, 0 41 ; Carnarvon, 1 19 ; 8oralJ,060 ? Swansea, 1-2P; Apslawn, £-23; Oatland* 0 65; Aveca,036; Fingal, 060; Falmouth. 2-78; Mathinna, 0-83; Gould's Countrv 2-64; Scottsdale, 0-43; Boobyalla, 080 Low Head, 017; Launceston. 0 27; Delo' rAine,0-2i; Waratab, 1-07 j Circular Head. 0 29 ; £eehan, 1 00. Victoria Musbum and Aet Gaiabb*. ''£4?°.^ that the public will be ad mitted by ticket only to the opening cere monies of the Victoria MuBenm end Art 1 Gallery, which are to take place on Wed- 1 hi -5 « ' Lm A and be conducted by His Excsllency the Governor, Sir B Hamil ton Tickets can ba obtained from Mr O. W. Rocher, at the Town Ha'l. On Saturdav Archdeaoon Hales -who is taking a warm interest in the matter— received a tele gram from His Excellency announcing that he would be pleased to take the chaS s » meeting to he held in the Mechanics Institute on Wednesday even- ? Ing, when papers will be read and addresses delivered by several members of the recently-formed ' Northern Tas n*msn Science Society. The Art Gallery now 109kg exceedingly well, Mr Morton haying succeeded in seouring a really splendid collection of pictures, and there is every probability of the opening ceremonies being a pronounced success. Kicdd bv a. Hobsb.— Henry Buokley,. ®8®d 14 yearp, employed as a driver by Mr J. M -air, of lnveresk, was kicked by a horse lo Cimitiere-etreet on Baturday after np°n- The horse was drawing a load, and tne lad, who was in fihB.r^A. Sfcriiftlr him An the leg with a stick, telling him to ' net up. to which the animal replied by kicking him on the thigh and breaking it. Dr. Iiojmee was called in, and advised the boy's removal to the hospital, where the limb was set, and he is bow progressing favor ably. Tan KLXorsio Light. — Mr W. C. PoustyVnew premises in B?bbane-etreet were again brilliantly illuminated on Satur day evening, and we understand that nego tiations are likely to result in some of the business premises In the immediate vicinity of this central station being supplied with the new^illuminant for :xisxt Baturday evening,' of which due notioe will be given. -Several prominent . citizens have expressed. .£he hope -that the electric light 4n our midst will now become an established fact, that Mr Fousty would reoeive. encouragement enough not only - to oontlnue the working of the pre sent plant, but to install more extensive machinery at .an early date. We would venture tojmggest that our city would be considerably enlivened during the Exhibi tion time if one or two of the principal streets were thus illuminated, giving the , residents an opportunity of judging as to the suitability of electricity for street lighting. Some very successful experi ments were carried out on Saturday even ing with a powerful search light of 5000 candle power that oould be worked up to 10,000 candle power if required, and of which more will be heard shortly. City Polios Coobt. — Messn. G. W. Watethouse, P.M., and B. Whiifeld, J P., occupied the Bench on Baturday morning, and sentenced Margaret Priest to two morons imprisonment ior naving stolen a lady's ulster from Mr Patrick Sheehan's shop in Wellington -street on tbe previous evenin ;. Tbbown raou a. Tbap. — Yesterday morning Alfred Hutton, of Prospect, son of the superintendent of Messrs. Gunn's brick works, was driving down the Westbury road to church, when he met a .string of bicvclists just above Cosgrove's. The horse took fright, and swerving, fell down the embankment. Tbe animal was unhurt, but the boy was pitched out, and the cart rolled over' him.' When examined by Dr. Holmes it wss found he was not seriously injured, being elightly bruised and a good deal shaken. Lattnceston Bxflbs.— The usual com manding officers' parade in connection with the above cops will be held at the barracks, St. John-street, to-morrow night, for exer cise io the movements to take place at the forthcoming Queen's birthday parade. Bword drill is Btt down to take place from 7'S0 till 8 o'clock on the same evening, and it is likewise notified that all rifles and car bines must be sent In at once for inspec tion. A Shooting Accidsnt. — Two lads named Dutton and Featonby were out shooting on Saturday afternoon near Prospect. The latter was carrying bis gun I on his shoulder, muzzle down, it is sup I ?nd in bringing it down to fire at a . rabbit it went off, a portion of the charge , entering hia rirrSt- l*rr ? * The occupier of the land upon which the accident occurred brought the lad to his home iu Church-street, Cataract Hill, and then summoned Dr. Holmes, who dressed the wound, and reports that his patient is pTogre&eing; satisfactorily. Sib Hbnbt Pabkbs.— Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New South Wales, is expected tp arrive at Jiobart tbis morning in the B.MS. Auatral on his way to Melbourne, where he is to have an interview with tbe Hon. D. Monro, Premier of Victoria, with *®®pect to the M Commonwealth of Austra lia Enabling Bill which was recently passed by the Federal Convention at Sydney. During Sir Henry's stay in Hobart he will be the guest of the Tastcanhn Minuter*, who will accord him a welcome and associate with it a complimentary dinner to be given tbis evening. Amongst the invited guests is tbe Mayor of Laun ceston (Mr 8. J. Satton) and Mr J. Joubert, who proceed to Hobart by express this afternoon. HntBNBAL,— The European Mail notices that on March 3 Miss Florence Marie Abbott was married at St, Paul's, Onslow Square, tc Henry Herbert Taylor, F.R.CS . of Brunswick Place, Brighton. Miss Abbott was for several years matron of tbe Hobart Hospital, aud was deservedly popular and respected by all. After leaving Hobart she went to London, and applied, among many others, for tbe position of matron to the Brompton Hospital, one of the best posi tions of the kind in England. To bet sur prise, she was preferred to all other#, end Installed in her very .comfortable robins as head of that enormous establishment, which has over a dozen bouee surgeons, and ta supported entirely by private sub scription. After managing the hospital for several years, to tbe complete satisfaction of the committee, Mips Abbott became engaged to Dr. Taylor, oue of the surgeons there, who has now taken a private practice at Brighton, where he and his wife will live. A Romantic Btobyof Fobtdnb. A few days ago aii advertUemtnt appeared in the Age from Mr Cullmer, aolicitor, of Chan cary-lane, London, enquiring for tbe ad dress or whereabouts of Henry Mottlee.es the sum of £17.000 was awai&g; payment to him by the Court of Chancery. The man advertised for is, it seems, a resident of Ballarat, and to-day he becamo aware of his good luck in a somewhat einsuler manner. Mottlee, who together with his wife and family occupies a small house on the Smy thesdale road, sent one of his chil dren to-day to a neighboring shop to pur chase a tallow candle. The candle on being purchased was wrapped in a piece of the Age, which contained the ' missing friends' advertisements, and on tha girl taking the candle home Mottlee pioked up the wrapper after it had been thrown oatotheflx-r 1 and commenced to read it. It ie almo.tl needless to mention that he was surprised I when he read that he had come into a for tune 01 x-ii,uw. The bottle gatherer, it appears, was aware that his relatives in bygone, times had money in Chancery, and that originally it came from one Hawkins Jh.° 2lel.m 1791' e'cl'y WM yeawago! The advertisement mentions this fact, tod a missing link in a certain chain ot eri denes having been supplied, the £17.000 goes to Mottlee as the next of kin. The lucky man, who hu been a resident of the colony of Viotoria for 17 years, has to apply f£8Slll57Q LoDdon for the money before tbe 30th of next August. FjtATfi. -The question, 'What is the greatest distance ever covered in a eiogle swim ? was lately anowered bv a WlonptperM follows: -'Ninety mflM WM accomplished by Mr W. Beckwith in 1877. in a match azamst Captain Webb. A distance of 60 mi es w«B covered in 2Sh 28min on AnguBt '''J.6' by Da»is Dilton, an American back- swimmer Captain Webb, on 24'h ®5;h. A.uS'i«r. 18-5. swam from Dover to lPTO18- ,5 . ?6mio' wh,l-- Mr Cavil!, in lt77, is said to hove accomplished the same feat in almost half that tine. One of the 'm' extraordinary swimming feats on ricord is that of Professor Jules Go u tiers long-distance swimming ohampion of £-1^1'' 4 'M'ra-f,r toll's North London Si? T£Qn,! Club',wh0' 2? ths Bpptem ber, 1888, swam from Westminster Brides London, to the Cherry Tree Pier, Green- i w.u.i, o uissance ot c miles, in 55min. with hli handR tied behind him. Tk'ri?i_rE?'Bi.TI0^ °o«srrrDnoK Brix.— The Victorian Premier foaud occasion for a few remarks on political sff.ira at tbe emmony of laying the found .tion stone of the el jht hoars memorial on Tuepdav A pieting reference having b.cn made to the w?l\°tV,®/V)i'Bral Convention, tfr Munro said that if the draft connljtution of the Federal Legislature should be accepted it would be one of the mo tt democratic con stitutions ever given to any of the Aus tralian colonies. The Dresent mnim were thwonshly in favor of what had bean i* best 10 lay the constitntion before the people ot the conn try for their adoptioi. Mr Homo added that with the aid of New South Wales there should be ao difficulty in obtaining federation in 18 months or two years. summary TOnvioST^'ketpfn^'t^taMs' tors were heard at the Quarter Beasions at Sydney on the 16th inst , before Judge Backhouse. The first was that of Jacu. the Betting Houses Suppression Aot_ Honor gave an important decision, in wbVW he upheld the oonviction, and also r' ^ to reduce the fine imposed InTh, esse Phineas Thomppon, of Bn 'traet appealed against a similar comS.Hft« before Mr Johnson 8 M., who £103. After hearing evTden„ ,?°e? upheld the conviction, making a iufht amendment iq the iadlctmeut. and rjf^ed to reduce the amount of the fine. 'OBM ih° bUs Vm. ?- » « i 