OUR LONDON LETTER. (FROM A VICTORIAN.) Loudon, 20th February. Yon will have heard by cable that the prolonged negotiations between Mr. Parnell, Mr. Dillon, and Mr. O'Brien, for the restoration of unity in tbe National ranks, have proved abortive, and that we have nothing before us now but the sad and sickening prospect of a long and bitter straggle for supremacy on Irish soil between the patriots and the Parnellites. The campaign on both sides begins on Sunday next, but he would be a bold man who would venture to predict the date of its termination. In all probability it will last until the general election, and it were devoutly to be wished that that event was closer than it really is, so that the fratricidal strife and its consequences might be minimised to the utmost. All that we can hope and pray for is that the National oause may not perish in the confusion and chaos of civil war. Not the least deplorable fact in the situation is the deprivation of the high authority and moderating influence of John Dillon and William O'Brien, both of whom are serving the iniquitous sentence of six months' imprisonment, pronounced upon them in their absence by a couple of Castle hacks in Tipperary. As for the immediate circumstances that have led up to this lamentable state of things, it is now patent to everybody that Mr. Parnell never had the remotest intention of retiring from the position he was no longer competent to fill. He took part in and promoted the negotiations with Mr. Dillon and Mr. O'Brien simply and solely; to gain time, and produce, if possible, a further schism in the National ranks. "He has deliberately and cynically Violated his own promised agreement to retire if Mr. Gladstone gav^e, assurances on -the,subjects of the police and the land; question that would, be satisfactory to the majority erf the Irish! party. Mr. Gladstone'hkB given the required; assurances through" !Ir. Morley; they have', been aooepted as satisfactory ty pe msjorityi PQtj^udgg ag#LohbbuiremaiiW»«»ndalana a stumbling-blook in bis country's path. There is no other alternative than to remove him out of the way by the force of Irish public opinion all over .the world. It is an unpleasant and an ungrateful task, still it is not the first time in the world's history that a once popular idol has {degenerated into a nuisance and an obstruction. The situation is very happily hit off in this week's Punch, which has as its leading : cartoon a picture of " The Rival Jarvies." Mr. Justin M'Carthy and Mr. Parnell are dressed as a pair of Dublin Jarvies quarrelling over a fare. Mr. M'Carthy is standing in the driver's plaoe, and Mr. Parnell is clambering up and trying to take the reins out of his hands. There are two passengers on the side-car, Mr. Gladstone and Mr. John Morley, who are looking on at the dispute. At last the latter, getting impatient at the delay, cries out, " Drive on M'Carthy, the job is yours." A sign-post points out the road to Home Rule, and Irishmen in Australia and America will join 'with their kindred at home in endorsing John Morley's words, or rather the words that Mr. Punch so opportunely puts in his mouth. " Drive on " should be our national motto in thiB grave juncture in our history. A great man has fallen from his high estate, a once illustrious name has been grievously tarnished, nevertheless drive on to the destined goal. The country is greater than the greatest of her sons, and even the loss of a Parnell should not give occasion for more than a little temporary detention on the road. It is very gratifying to note that the care and oversight of the evicted tenants are to be systematically undertaken by the Patriotic party. At yesterday's meeting, Justin M'Carthy in the chair, it was unanimously decided to resume the American mission on their behalf, the work being taken up afresh by Messrs. T. P. O'Connor, W. Abraham, M. J. Kenny, and J. C. Flynn. It was also resolved to appeal to Australia for the Bame laudable object, Messrs. T. D. Sullivan, and J. R. Cox being nominated as ambassadors to the Antipodes. Mr. Cox has already served a little apprenticeship to public speaking in Australia, and Mr. T. D. Sullivan is one of the most popular platform orators of the party in the English constituencies. Needless to predict, the poet laureate of Irish Nationalism is sure of a hearty welcome from all classeB of Irish-Australians. His National Anthem—" God Save Ireland "—is the popular favourite at every Liberal and Nationalist gathering in the three kingdoms. Here the people who attend political meetings pass the time away before the proceedings begin by singing in chorus songs in praise of their political principles. This practice does not prevail in the colonies to any extent, but the Irishmen of Melbourne ought certainly learn to sing "God Save Ireland " in good time and tune, so that they may do it full justice when T. D. S. steps on the platform of the Hibernian Hall a few weeks hence. This mail will bring bad news to Dr Saumarez-Smith, the new Protestant Archbishop of Sydney. Before his departure for Australia he was the principal of a Protestant establishment called St. Aidan's College, Birkenhead. But his successor belongs to the "Anglo-Catholic" party in the Church of England, and haB turned things topsy - turvy in the institution. While Dr. Saumarez • Smith reigned there, it was a " centre of theological training on Protestant lines." Now, alas I "Mass" is celebrated every morning, and the students have got to attend, wafer bread iB used, auricular confession has been introduced, and " reunion with the Holy Roman Church " is openly advooated. All these proceedings have given great pain and disgust to conscientious Protestants, who believe that the Articles of their Ohurch are binding realities, and not mere phrases to be juggled away at will by Romanising parsons. It is very evident that if Dr. Saumarez-Smith desires to keep W old college within the pale of true-blue Protestantism, he must IOBB no time in hurrying back from Sydney and expelling those audacious "Jesuits" who are now in poBseBBion. The Lord Mayor of London—a wealthy jeweller named Savoy-is in a very tight corner at-present. For some yeare he hafc enjoysd a high reputation as a sort of lay lecturer or preacher in connection with the Church of England. The other day lie Lverpd an address, to a number of , young ^en.in the iPflliti^^H^Viia^ wry etoqqentiftddEesB it was, but, unforttinately, it was not of the Lord Mayor's own com- position. A reporter for a-i _ took a full shorthand note of ft and th^a^, shocking discovery was made that it ^ copied almost word for word from a sermon preached by Mr. Spurgeon nearly 30 yeans Bm The exposure naturally caused a great Ben sation, seeing that the gentleman exposedis the chief magistrate of the metropolis of ftg world. Beyond formally denying, that he ever Baw Spurgeon's sermon, he has so fat made no attempt at a , defence. Possibly the explanation is that he has been in the habit of paying somebody to write sermons for him, and that this somebody played him false on this occasion. A good many eminent people in London have what are called " ghosts "—that is, clever persons who are retained and paid to do all the writing for them—prepare their speeches compose their letters, make up their magazine articles, etc. A "ghost" is a highly convenient personage to a wealthy man without much brains who wants' to make a little noise in the world; but he is also a very dangerous individual when he shirks his work, goes poaching on other people's preserves, and turns, his employer into a silly goose and a laughing-stock before the public gaze. The Prince of Wales is also in hot water, He is mixed up in a card-cheating affair which is shortly to be ventilated in the law courts. It has been known for some time past that card- playing for considerable sums is quietly carried on in country houses frequented by tbe Prince and his set, hut hitherto no scandal of any consequence has arisen. Now, however, a baronet and an officer of the Guards is alleged to have been caught in the act of cheating whilst play, ing with the Prince. Every effort was made to hush the matter up, and the secret was kept for a time, but gradually the truth leaked out, and now the accused baronet has taken steps to vindicate bis honour in the law courts. Thus we are promised a lifting of the veil which has hitherto hidden the sordid amusements of the Royal, the rich, and the idle from the common gaze. The exposure will not strengthen the attachment of the English people to the monarchical iSea, and in this connection the Star thus gives some salutary advice to his Royal Highness:—" The Prince of Wales must, in fact, shake himself clear of the set he is getting into. He has vast popularity, which he cannot afford to throw away if he wishes to wear with honour the crown of this kingdom. His truest friendB just now ate those who speak plainly to him. Baron Hirsch ran General Boulanger. That ought to be enough to make our heir-a fight shy of him. Financiers of this type should be kept at arm's length by every prudent prince. His society may be most charming, his hospitality unbounded, but the British public will form their own estimate of the reason why he has become such a close friend of H.R.H. Throughout the Tranby Croft affair the Prinoe appears to have acted with his customary kindly spirit. He meant well. He was not one of the party who kicked up a row when they found tbey were losing their money. He tried to compose the dispute and to minimise the gravity of the event. But obviously,lie was out of plaoe in a card scandal. Our heir- apparent can no more afford to get mixed up in doubtful transactions of this kind than he oan to go hobobbing with Jewish, financiers and moneyenders. Let us hope H.R.H. will seize the opportunity to shake himself dear of someof his entourage. He has been waiting for "work a long while, and has, no doubt, nwW3 under it. The time when he must go to 'tlA irst place cannot be postponed for, ever. rince Harry, who saw a good deal of life jb he days whioh Shakespeare so well described, ho made things hum a bit in bis father's ity of London, ended the most popnW ing England fever had. The" Prince 7ales hais a cban'oe before ^hiin/ibiit ime to knock off beer and. Sfcitt^ to'lip imself clear of associates who; amply drag he; Royal reputation <lown, and who, jf :he oesno t take care, will turn into the melting ot the crown which "he might wear with tate and honour. ' The English race iB"psrectly ready to accept the idea of, a monarchy o long as there is a' cdrtabl^fhat, the nonarch will be a credit to,th$Lnation/ ing;does not rule.now; he.reigns. ilo jther words, the : gilding muBt'-be right and clean on the flgttrehead.*'" 1 - {the'last bfVthe j p p e t f f l merican qiril ^ ' ^ g p u ^ ' ^ i ^ f l ^ f eard.with profound tiiankfahies8,.,end st^uj* action that/<the.iUustiaou$ OegeMd&Wan;, the hero of the famous march Iron Atlantic to tbe sea, died a Boman Catholic. gis son became a Catholic priest, bat he did not formally join the Church ontfl shortly before his death. His funeral nartook of a national demonstration, as wel it might, for it was mainly owing to Sheroian's military genius and brilliant audacity that the rebel states of the south were mbdued and slavery overthrown. For several years past he has been one of the bestknown, most amiable, and accomplished figures in the social life of New York. 