The Heaton Divorce Case* AN ECONOMIC HUSBAND. HE CHRISTENED HIS WIPE. Tbe hearing of the divorce suit, Beaton v. Heaton, was continned en Monday. The peti tioner, Samuel- Joseph John Heaton, sued for a dissolution of his marriage with his wife Florence, on the ground of her adultery with two men named Michael Edward Naish and — Hathaway. In the issues filed on behalf of the respon dent it was stated that if she had committed adultery it had been condoned, and that it was due to the petitioner's cruelty and desertion. ^Respondent also charged her husband with adultery with one Ada Smith. An affidavit denying the adultery was filed on behalf of Naish. There was no appearance on behalf of Hathaway. Mr. Naish, one of the co-respondents, was ex amined, and he denied ever having any intimacy with the respondent. Petitioner was put back in the box to give evidence in reply. Referring to the charge of throwing cold water over respondent while she was in bed, petitioner said that one morning early he asked her to get up but she refused. He repeated the request with the threat that if she did not quit the bed he would ' christen ' her. She, however, still refused to rise, whereupon he dipped his hand in the water, and while sprinkling her said : ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost I baptise thee, Florence.' (Laughter.) When respondent felt the drops of water on her face she used a most offensive expression to: wards him, and he then took up the ewer and poured the contents over her. Petitioner denied the allegation of adulbery,also the charges of cruelty. He also denied that he had been frequently out of work and failed to tender re spondent proper support. During the last three years that he lived with respondent he gave her the whole of his earnings with the exception of Is per week, which he kept for his own private wants; and he disposed of the shilling for two shaves and a packet of cigarettes per week. In giving judgment his Honor found for the petitioner on the issues raised as to the adultery of respondent with Naish. and Hathaway. The decree nisi was granted with costs against the two co- respondents. 