; MMR. MOULTON'S TALE, \- 1 ; was 10 yeares i' that yeare o' th' eygre at Hampton, whereby my father, Robert 'Moody, came to 's end — his bjoat and lie being lifted inland, they Bayd, almost in sight of our homo, and -then/., drawn ' down to death by th' mighty arm o' the deep sea. Well I mind our home. 'Tis a small place where . three little pines stand in a row, tho lehgth of a meadow from th' common field, and oure next naybur -f-a/ solid, low house under big trees and .well, sot about with fences and palisadoes— the Garrison Houso they ' bogliri to call it that yeare! My mother, Mistress Betty Moody, could scarce abide in our house before 1 my father's dreadful daye — so fear- some-was she. of redskins. For alle th';fworlde doth know that in that yeare— 'twas ten years before King Charles died— the red men harried alle New England. After the eygre she grew so passionatelie afeared that if a hen did but cackle on a stone step th' cloud would grow upon her features like, a sea turned upon the land, and she would catch up th' babe, glancing fearfullie at iny brother cutting wood or hoeing, the patch, and ' at me upon the dye tub knitting. And of moonlit nights she would stare from our lattice window. upon the deepe wood. " Child," sho has said to my brother often, as. wee all peered together, ready dressed for a flight; "does that bush move ? M'ethinks 'tis th' color of the pale ground." The Indians forayed in white, to shimmer along in the triendlie silence of the still moon-like vapors lying next " the ground. " Deare my mother," my brother would say, looking bigge as he could, but trembling too, though he sayd 'twas because the April night was chill and the wood pile too small for a brave heat. " Hast thou not mee ? And the Garrison House so near?" Robert alwaies added this last, though he was a brave dark boy like our father in's face, straight-browed and looking . with level eyes. He would cry when he fondled th' babe such nights — 'twas a sweet girl 'babe and white like our mother. And finally, when one ' night came a man riding hard to tell that Watohantowet — who had long disputed boundaries— was on the warpath with manie braves, my brother was fain for alle liis serious talk to lay hold of as many trenchers as a' could carry and order me to bring tii' bed, our mother following with her babe. There came no Indians, and we went back i' the home next day. But the spring was hard to bear. Robert did well, but one day i' tho last o' spring he came' and did throw himself head long on tho floor in a sweat. " Rose," saith he, " there is but one . hen with a whole suit of . feathers," saith he. ' Indeed, a murrain had settled upon our poor fowls, giving them naked crops and backs which blistered i' the sun.. "And all the maize be .yellow," saith he. "There is no hill that is good and groene, and thou knowest how I have watered it !" It was a hot afternoon, with a shore wind. ' Gur mother's hair clung to her pretty temples in little damp rings as she sewed at . th' bed valence, sweot with lavender — our mother was e'er dainty in bedding. " Lie, rest, my good lad," saith; she. " "When th' sun's down Rose and j will help carry water. I know how to dig about th' roots. Thou slialt not lose thy maize !". And she smiled such a tremulous smile — as one's still civil to acquaintance on th' day of one's dis tress. "When that it was coolo, our mother was as good as a' word, carrying full piggies from th' spring with haste, for tear o' th' babe's awakening. A' shoes were bad, and they did tear upon th' stony dirt, the skin-reddening i' th' slits j but so she only flew the faster, her arms straining with her loads. Then \- would she. fall to and dig, while th' damp settled and , frogs i' th' pools cla mored. And then in, when we could see a . blade, no , more, with hand at her back, bedraggled and footsore, but with kinde, white looks at Robert and me as we raked th' ashes off tho stick and warmed th' bread. But our maize was ne'er to be har vested. Another fell story camo to .Hampton of more Indians coming from inland; - Well I wot how my mptlior paled and screeched " Robert ! Robert!" when' the naybur body told it, smoothing her pinners'' by ouro hearth. My brother rushed in from the patch ; but lie saw, and' did I, 'twas oure father she was calling. I sat- me down to spin next day, my .stint being marked for me. 'Twas v a fay re. morning, and Robert; outside, went back and forth like th' shuttle i' the web i' our field. And -mother she put on the " crape shawl — 'twas foreign and flowered most beautifully — and taking th' babe in a's, arms she starts for the beach for. an airing. I can see her yet when I close my eyes ; slender, of a willowy shape, hurrying across th' fields i' th'- salt ayre — the little white bundle..- in. a's arms. Now, she did go to a hairy captain of a great smack in the harbor, and says she with a courtesy— our mother was aye mannerly — " I am Robert Moody's wife, and I have in mind to live at the Shoals. Wilt carry out- my gear?" But he looked with a weary, merry face at my little mother. ( "Best 'stay on t' mainland, good wife! Thou dost not know what is life on the Shoals ! Thou canst not help pull in a trawl !" said the man. "No, but my son can," said our mother quickly, and lifting her timid eyes. " He is 15 and brawny." "0, if thy son can work for thee !' said the captain. And th' bargain was clinched by 'th' crape shawl for 's dame. Our mother did plan this 'flitting because those seven islands, nine miles from land, had been a sure refuge from red men. Dreadfull folks. of tho seas went there, but Indians never. . ; In another weeke w'e were far, from our hollyoaks and our deare rustical! porch. .The Toppa'ns o' the Garrison House helped us'ofF,eVec. running with a flitch of bacon when we were upon, th' load, Mr. Toppan seeming in a browne studdy over my mother's glit tering eyes; but ho said, nothing. Our gear was woefully broken i' th' handling, Robert breaking, the green beaker as we crowded upon th' smack — a' having the glass . in 's hands for safety. O, th' intolerable smells of our craft as we went rocking and dipping upon the green waves ! We could but say naught and cover our heads close as tho sailors advised for sickness, till at length when Robert and I came up for breath like fishes, -lo ! great and small fields before and round us set upon tb' sea like the stones i' th' splen did ring upon Lady Pickering's finger. But, alas ! Hampton was now a little rimme of a wurld of water. Our home on the shoals was a close chamber of a miserable hut; our bed with its hanging occupying half th' space. Onlie one pane i'the casement, and that upon a prospect, O, dolefulle ! of tho deep seas. We all thinned for the sweet, fresh ayre of Hampton, and the , cleanliness and th' quiet and th' pleasant smells, sights and sounds. Our mother satte alle day at her wheel, and I at her feet hetchel- ling flax and tow. And th' puny babe between us minded too little sometimes. Then would come in Robert with a great fish perchance, or a kettle of clams, and would take up the precious mite into his leathern jerkin, not o'er clean to touch, and kiss and hug her till th' tiny maid's frocks were alle ' rumped! 'Twas plain to see this wild life suited Robert. He liked th' sea. ' But tho' the life -pleased him it harmed him, foul words beginning to Stick in 's memory and fall from 'is tongue. The end came. One night we were stirred from sleep by a horrible face at our casement. 'Twas of a foul man, drunk ever and sprawled upon th' rocks continuallie in drunkenness — 'twas said he was to have been hanged on tho land, and did never dare stop off the Shoals. " Wake, woman !" bellowed the harsh voice. " Look all of ye." , And as wo huddled at th' casement he pointed o'er the heaving waters, re flecting a full moon, to a flock of canoes like swimming birds. We could see dark forms i' them, steering with arrowy paddles. " O, what shall I do ?" shrieked our mother, " O, what shall I do !" " Do !" yelled tho man ; hide thee ! Hark ye ! Hark ye ! There's no time for boats, but there's a clifc i' tlie rocks back o' th' house. Thou'lt know it by the big balanced rock where the babe3 play with kickshaws ; 'tis below that." And the face was withdrawn. " And thou ?" I screamed after him, "God a mercy, wench !" cried he, as he ran to other houses ; " there be 40 lurking places on Star 1" How ghost-like wore th' rocks ; and the booming sea was frightfullie neare this crevice to which we crept upon oure knees, letting each the other down painfullie therein. Our mother drew herself in as far as a' could, lying flat and face down upon th' slimy floor. I next pressed close and Robert valiantly near the mouthe of the poor rift, 'twas see small we were scarcely out of the moonlight. So wo crunched and quivered together till awful sounds began to rise, some what dulled by the dashing waves anext us. Then Robert did creep in more, and our mother pushed us both to th' farthest place, and she, with th' babe, did lie upon us, guarding us. But now th' poor babe, unable to move a's legs and half-smothered in our mother's kirtle, began to roar lustily. 0, th' horror o' th' time! Again and again our mother tried to feed it, but a' would not eat, and its cries were shriller and more shrill. Wo both turned in an agonie to look toward the unconscious little thing that was calling death our way, but our mothor writhed herself out o' the cave, went headlong forth into th' pit at's mouth ; then back anew upon us, trying with more than mortal endeavor to still th' child ; then forth again. Then a sharp wail likes a cat's. cry -when a' is grasped by th' legs for kill ing, a thud, a shower of warm drops and flinty bits i' our faces, and our mother djjew herself in alone. I cannot tell what a braid that night was. By times th' redskins went scampering and yelling o'er th' rocks, smells of smoke drifting down e'en to us. Robert would put up a cold hand, touching us for companionship. But our mothor replied naught in kind as she lay upon us her whole length, making no sound, whether a j sigh or a groan, but drawing long breath ever and anon .like one that is coming back to life.' 'Twas light enow to see each the Other's face when she did draw herself out o' the cave. , All. noise had long ceased. We children following, stiff, sore, and -; appalled, -came upon her wordless, with a bloody-covered bundle i' her. lap. Then up started she and darted out o' the rift like a flame to the smoking town. Alack ! . Our kind heralde had found no lurking-place. Robert stumbled o'er him in th' ashes. Shoalers were landing from other islands, and to them our sad mother went straightwae with a's story, Sparing n'self not at all! I have seen death, but ne'er have I seen anie sight so woefull as a's drawn, tortured mouth and th' tale coming from lips that refused to close over her teeth. There was silence, but 'twas dread- full to see how. all fell awaie from our littel mothor as though a' were plague bearing. When the tiny body was wrapped i' my kirtle waiting with th' other dead for the trencli to bo deep enow, she did look fearfullee upon it with a long, shuddering " How could I ?'' and then clasping us wildly, " How could I not ?" A great armed dame from Smutty Nose opened wide her arms to our mother's little figure, drawing her into them from our clinging' Hands and kisses. "Thou poors: soule !" saith she. "'T'was human" nature," said she. " By God's body !" swore she, slapping a' thigh roundly with a's mighty hand. " There be not a mother on 't islands who would not have done t' same were she valiant enow ; and yet — thou poor mouse !" and the big, mannish dame cried over iiuy mother's hidden pretty1, head. And when all's o'er, 'tis she who leads my mother to a boat. 'Twas pitiful, our mother's meeke- nesse amid universal blame ; for when they did rebuild on Star nobody bade us return — day by day the dames paddling over from Smutty Nose to watcli the progress of their new huts, and never a :word to us — to our red- faced dame's high and loud dis pleasure. Soe, as 'twas plain my mother was thought ' a piece of ill-luck and dreaded upon th' . Shoals, we came again into, th' white curve of Hampton Bay, this time gearless as well as houseless, but by favor of th' Toppans getting into our small Home again in th' calm inland. Methink's I never knew how swete a picture is the country till I saw it then, after soe much paine. Th' sun shown with yellow light on th' mown grass, and men were threshing the nut trees, and children and women were putting the nuts into baskets. And Mistress Toppan sent in honey I' the comb and bread hot o' the oven to our supper. She sent it. Good wife nor maiden came much to us then nor thereafter. " Sis," saith Robert one day, stretched out like a wild beast under the limb of our apple tree, " dost know that th' court in Portsmouth are to find a true bill against mother." " What true bill ?" I oried, feeling frozen. " For th'— th' baby," stammered ray brother. "And, oh! to think I am strong, and my poore mother, soe littel and weak, to hang !" and he stopped, choking. " Thee needst not fear that, lad," ' said Mr. Toppan's mellow, friendly voice behind os. Wo started, and Robert tried to hide 's tears. " I saw to a verity thy poore mother was dis tracted before she left us," saith he. " and I am much to blame that e'er I allowed her out o' my wife's sight." Robert looked at him with a glance of a's dark, eyes like a caress. Sweet words were seldom on Robert's lips — they were hidden treasure for our mother alwaies — but the darting glance was thanks. " I know, lad ! I know l" saith Mr. Toppan,' sighing. And again softly, " I know." People did not' gossip of us long either, leaving us to our shrinking selves by reason of a grand new arrival in Hampton— an officer from south, with a ' band ,o'_ black footmen, and be ginning the finest wooden house o' th' land around, sot on a hill, and visible, white and statelie from th' sea. . 'Twas painted a white; the only painted house inne alle New England. General Moulton loitered about Hamp ton as his houso built, spending doublons. He never bargained, 'twas said. Did ho have need of anything, 'twas bought, and no questions of price. These things would Robert and I hear when out at work in bam and kitchen; soe few came to sit by mother on our settle, where she sat all day long, ailing. Not 40, and yet with streaks in her hair, and with a look in her faded eyes not to bo worded. A day in May, while mother and I wore sprinkling th' dark, ill-smelling linen on our bleaching ground, there rides up the general in black velvet. A's lips wore thick and a's nostrils wide, but a' was comely. "Art thou the dame who makes linen sheeting ?" saith he. " I do de sire a web." My mother was overjoyed at so great an order— we had none too muoh i' the cupboard— an a hurried around a's webb on th' grass, patting and praising it and babbling with more liveliness than for a yeare of its merits and its defects. But the gentleman was silent, looking at me instead o' the linen. And as we sat in the gloaming came .a black with curds and cream neatlie layd upon a silver dish " for Mistress Rose Moody." I cared more for th fayre dish than the curds and even mother liked to try a little off th' embossed side of the platter, Robert finishing all, with a boy's greediness. 'Twas thus the . next day and next, and by th' next the old wives i' all Hampton grew nayborly, but th' maids did seem thrice distant and cold to me. !; Th' next was wild weather ; the rain that th' wind drove aslunt our lattice freezing i' tho falling.. Robert hnd been forth, and did sit steaming on th' hearth, mending 's fork as ho dried. And our mother upon th' settle in a thick coverlet 'Twas dull i' th' room, and not oyer warm neither. And I at th' loom. There came th" sound of a horse's feet and a knock, and General Moulton in our porch bowing low, cobwebby, soaked lace falling down over 's strong white hands as he doiled his hat to me. But Robert was soure, and looked not from the fork teeth; " Sweetheart," says the general, fol lowing to th' loom across th' uneven floor, "wilt weel with me? Thou must go with thy linen." My dry tongue let me talk not, but love and loyalty to our mother stirred Robert. " General Moulton, said he, with a flaming face, " dost know who tnou'rt asking? Hampton doth set us apart," saith he, bitterlio. "And why?" said the general, fiercely. " Thy mother could not hurt a flea coramonlie. Who can say what he will doe in the fearful peril I . She will be my mother, and she will come and see us happy ; it may tend to make her see. Ay," saith he, " sweet Rose, wilt come upon the hill, thou and th' mother and Robert ?" Robert looked at me jealously. " I shall earn a man's wage i' the year," lie muttered tremulously. 'Twas not a moment ! and yet we did read each th' other i' that glance. .Pe- dropped his eyes. i "Rose is good," came quietly, yet to start one, . from the settle whore my mother sat in a strange, unman- nerlio silence. " And thou art good to love my poor Rose— my girl that hath no gear but a mother's shame !" and she hid her thin face, trembling and tearless. 'Tis nine years I have been General Moulton's dame. . From my great room I look off o'er the breathlessly quiet country to the : banks o' sun- smitten olouds sailing landwards. 'Tis the same landskip. Am I happy? I should be, for Robert, by General Molilton's favor, hath an education and a shippe. Methinks, times old Ciesar knoweth the general better than his wife doth. My husband goeth awaie yearly for weeks, and on's return seemeth to adapt himself to a new life. I have found there be spaces on his mind where he chooses to be alone. I make no comment. He hath raised me to a rare station — as high as anie private gentlewoman in th' colonies. But once, a wilp-looking man came for entertainment. He was a prac- tiser of th' black art — -it was soe sayed — and as I handed them cups of amber drink in th' porch I did beg him for my fortune. " Thou hast had a strange one," saith he, viewing me strangely. " Thou art here 'i the warm wurld. Ask nothing further." . But I pestered, and would not be gainsayed. But, at last, up waves he his empty cup. " Look, an' thou must !" saith he. " Thy will must be my law in thine own house."' - Alack ! the rims of the cup ex panded and parted, and there was my husband sitting in my fayre room, but wrinkled, and a handsome girl hung about him. Then all became blurred like an image i' a stirred pool, and I was but staring into th' cup. "Thy husband is to be twice matched," said the man, grimly, and with a mocking reverence. I wish I had not looked in th' cup. And yet th' black art is fiend's plea sure. God rules. And still, would I had not this to think of ; for I love th' day and ray house and th' ordering o' my maids. Down i' th' graveyard mother's mound is groene. Mayhap she did feel this once in her turn.. The fashion of this wurld passeth awaie. 