THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author ol 'Treasure Ieland,' ' Kidnapped,' ' The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde,' &c.; PART L-THE MARQUESAS. Chatieb IV.— Death. The thought of death, I have Baid, ia upper meet in the mind of the Marqaesan, It would be strBDge if it were otherwise. The race ia peihapB the handsomest extant. Six feet ia ebent the middle height of maleB. They are strongly muscled, free from fat, swift in action* graceful in repose, and the women, though fatter and duller, are attll comely animals, To judge by the eye there is no race more viable, find ret Heath rnana them «rith hnth hanric. When Bishop Dordilion first came to Taio-hae he reckoned the inhabitants at many thou* Bauds. He was but newly dead, and in the sarce bay Stanialao Moanatini counted on hia fingers eight residual natives. Or take the valley of Hapaa, known to readers of Herman Melville under the grotesque misspelling of Hapar. There are but two writers who have touched the South Seas with any genius, both Americans— Melville and Charles Warren Btoddard — and at the christening of the first and the greatest, some influential fairy must have been neglected. ' He shall be able to see,' ' He shall be able to tell,' ' He Bhall be able to charm, '.Baid the friendly godmothera, ' But he shall not be able to hear,' exolaimed the last. The tribe of Hapaa is said to have numbered some [4C0, when the emallpox came and reduced them by one-fourth, Six mouths later a woman developed tuberoular consump tion ; the disease spread like a fire about the valley, and in less than a year two Burvivors, a man and a woman, flad from that new created solitnde. A similar Adam aad Eve may some day wither among new racee, the tragio residue of Britain. When I first heard this story the data Btaggered me, but I am now inclined to think it possible. Early ia the year of my visit, for example, or late the year before, a first case of phthisis appeared in a household of 17 persons, and by tbe month of August, when the tale was told me, one soul survived, and that w&b; a boy who had been abBent at hia schooling. And depopulation works both ways, the^doors of f death being aet wide open, and the door of birth almost dozed. Thus, in the half-year ending July, 18SS. there were ttrelro deatns and but one birth in the diatiiot of the Hatiheu. Seven or eight more deaths were to be looked for in the ordinary ooorse ; and M. AusEel, the observant gendarme, knew of but one likely birth. At this rate it is no matter of Eurprise if the population in that put should have deolined in 40 years from 6,000 to less than 400; which are, once more, on the 'authority of M. Aussel. the estimated figures, And the rate of decline must have even accelerated towards the end. A good way to appreciate the depopulation is to po by (land from Anahoto Hatiheu. The road ib good travelling, bntcruelly steep, I do not remember a more swift sentiment of ascen sion. We seemed scarce to have passed the deserted house, which stands highest in Anaho. belore we were looking dizzily down upon it roof ; the G&boo; well out in the bay, and roll ing for a wager, shrank visibly ; and presently through the gap of Tari's iathmns -Ua-huna was seen to bang clondlike on the horizon. Over the summit, where the wind blew really chill, and whistled in the reed-like grass and tossed the grassy fell of the pandanus, we stepped suddenly, as through a door, into the next vale and bay ot Hatiheu. A bowl of mountains encloses it upon three aides. On the fourth this rampart 1mb been bombarded into ruins, runs down to seaward in imminent And Bbattered orage, and presents the one praoti. cable breech of the blue bay. The interior of this vessel is crowded with lovely and valuable trees— orange, bread fruit, mummy apple, cocoa, the island ohecbrat, and fur weeds, the pine and the banana. Four peren nial streams water and keep it green ; and along the dell, first ofone then_ot another ldJ- ?fT.n.n, -Hib iJau lor a considerable distance descends into thiB fortunate valley. The song of the waters and the familiar disarray of boulders gave us a Btrong sense of home, which the exotio foliage, the daft like growth of the pandamH.the buttressed trunk of the banyan, the black pigs galloping in the bush, and the architecture of the native houses dissipated ere ft could be enjoyed. {DtgThouBeB on the Hatiheu side begin high up ; higher yet) thermore melancholy spectacle of empty paepaes. When a native habitation is deeerted the superstructure — pandanuB thatch, wattle, unstable tropioal timber— speedily rota, and is speedily Boaktered by the wind. Only the stones of the terraoe endnre, nor can any ruin, cairn or standing stone or vitrified part present a more stem appear*. urn of antiquity. We must have passed from six to eight of these now houseless platforms. On tbe main road of the island, where it crosses the valley of Tftipi, Mr, Oaboume tells me they are to be reckoned by the dozen, and as the roads have been made long posterior to their erection, perhaps to their desertion, and must simply be regarded -as lines drawn at tanaom inrongn me ousn, me loreas on either hand must be equally filled with these survivals— the gravestones of whole families. Such rainB hte.tapu in the strictest sense ; no native must approach them ; they have become outposts of the kingdom of the grave. It might appear a natural and pioua custom in the hundreds who are left— the rear guard of perished thousands — that their feet should leave untrod these hearthstones of their fathers. I believe, in fact, the custom restB on different and moregrim conceptions. But the houee, the grave, and even the body of the dead have been always particularly honored by Mar* quecans. Until recently thecorpse was some times kept in the family and daily oiled and sunned until, by gradual and revolting stages, it dried into a kind, of mummy. Offerings ace still laid upon the grave. In Traitor's Bay Mr, Oabonrne saw a man boy a looking* glasB to lay upon his son's ; and the senti ment against the desecration of tomba, thought ieeely ruffled in the laying down of the new roads, is a ohief ingredient, in the native hatred for the French. The Marqueaan beholds with dismay the approaching extinction of his race. The thought of death sits down with him to meat and rises with him from his bed ; he lives and breathes under a ehadow of mortality awful to rapport; and he is so inured to the apprehension that he greets the reality with relief. He does not even seek to support a disappointment; at an affront, at a breach ot one of his fleeting and oommuniatio loveaffairs, be seeks an instant refuge in the grave. Hang icg is now the fashion, I heard of three who had hanged themselves in the west end of Hiva oa during the first half of 1888 ; but lhouRhthia.be a common form of suicide in other parts of the South Seas* I cannot think it will continue popular in the Marquesas, Far more suitable to Marquesan sentiment is the old form of poisoning with the fruit of the eva, which offers to the native suioide a crael but deliberate death, and gives time for those decencies of the last hour, to whioh he at taches auoh remarkable importance. The, coffin can thus be at band, tbe pigs killed, tbe cry of the mournexa sounding already through the bouse ; and then it is, and not before, that the Marquesan is conscious of achievement, his life, all rounded in, his robes (like Caesar's) ad justed for the final aot. Praise not any man till he is dead, said the ancients ; envy not any man till you hear the mourners, might ba the Marqueean parody. The coffin, though of late introduction, strangely engages their attention. It iB to ths mature Marquesan what a watch is to the European Echoolboy. For 10 years Queen Vaekehu had dunned tbe fathers ; at laBt, but the other day, they let her have her will, gave her her coffin, and the woman's soul is at rest. I was told a droll instance of the force of this preoccupation. The Polynesians are subject to a disease seemingly rather of the will than of the body, I was told the Tahi tiaus have a word fox it, crimatua-, but can not find it in my dictionary, A gendarme, M, Nonveau, has seen men beginning to succumb to this insubstantial malady, has routed them from their honBes, turned them on to do their triok upon the roads, and in two days has seen them cured. But this other remedy is more original, A Marquesan, dying of this dis couragement— perhaps I should rather say this ecqnieBsenee— has been known, at the fulfilment of bis crowning wish, on the mere sight of that desired hermitage, Mb coffin, to revive, recover, tfaake off the hand of death! and be restored for years to his occupations— carving tikia, let us ear, or braiding old men's beards. From all this it may be conceived how easily they meet death when it approaches naturally. I heard one example, .grim and picturesque. In the time of the ^smallpox in Hapaa an old man waB seized wiib tbe disease; be had no thought of re* covery ; bad his grave dug by a wayside, and Jivt-d in it for near a fortnight eating, drinking, and smoking with tbe passers by, talking mostly of his end, and equally unconcerned For him* cell and careless ef the friends whom he in fected. This pronenesB to suicide and loose Boat in lUeianotpecnJiartotoeMarqueBftn, What is peculiar ib the widespread depression and ac ceptance of the national end. Pleasaresare neglected, the dance languishes, the songs are forgotten. It ia tree that some, and psrhapa too rcany ot them, are proscribed ; bat many remain, if there were spirit to support or revise them. At the last feast of the Bastile Stanulao Moanatini Bhed tears when he beheld the inani mate performance of tbe dancers. When the people sang for us in Anabo they moat apolo gise for the amallneas of their repertory. They were only young folk present, they said/ and it vaB oniy the old that knew the Bongs. T&e; whole body ot Marquesan poetry and music was being suffered to die out with a single dis* piiited generation. The fall import ia apparent only to one acquainted with other Polynesian racep. Who knows how the Samoan coins a freth song for every trifling inoident, or who baB heard (on fienrynn for instance) ft bind of JittTe stripling maids from 8 to 13 keep up their minstrelsy for hours at a stretob, one eocg following another without pause. In like manner the Marquesan, never industrious, begins now to cease altogether from produc tion. Tee expertB of the group decline out of ail proportion even with tbe death fate of the islanders, ' Toe coral waxes, the palm grows and man departs,' Bays the Mar quesan, and he folds his bands. And surely this is nature. Fond as it may appear, we labor and refrain, not for the rewards of any eiogle life, but with a timid ere upon tbe lives and memories of oar saosessors ; and where no one is to saoceed of his own family os his own tongue I donbt whether tbe Rothschilds would make money or C*to praotise virtue. It is natural also that a temporary stimulus should sometimes rouse the Marques in from his letbargy. Over all the landward Bhare of Anaho ootton runs like a wild weed ; man or woman, whoever cornea to pick it, may earn a dollar in a day; yet when we arrived the trader's storehouse waa entirely empty and before we left it was near full. So long aB the circus was there, so long as the Oasoo was yet anchored in the bay, it behoved everyone to make' bis visit ; and to this end every woman must have a new dress and every man a shirt and trousers. Never before in Mr. Regler'a experience had they displayed so muoh activity . In their despondency there ia an element of dread. The fear of ghosts and of the dark is very deeply written in the mind of the Poly nesian; not leaBt of the Marquesan. Poor Tsipi, the ohiet of Anaho, was condemned to ride to Hatiheu on a moonless night. He borrowed a lantern, sat a long while nerving himself for the adventure, and when he at last departed wrung the caacos by the hand aa for a final separation. Certain presences, called Vehinehaet frequent and make terrible the nocturnal roadside ; I waB told by one thsy were like bo muoh mist, and as the traveller walked into them dispersed and dissipated; ?nattier described them as being shaped like men and having eyes like oats; from none could I obtain the smallest clearness as to what they did or wherefore they were dreaded, We may be sure at least they repre* ?ent the dead, for the dead, in the mind* of the islanders, are all-pervasive, 'When a native says that he is a man,' writeB Dr. Coddiugton, 'he means that he is a man and not a ghost j not that he iB a man and not a beast. The intelligent agenta of this world are to hia mind tbe men who are alive, and tbe ghoBta the men who are dead.' Dr. Ooddington speaks of Melanesia j from what I have learned hie words are equally true of the Polynesian. And yet more. Among cannibal Polynesians a dreadful suspicion rests generally on the dead ; and the Marquesans, the greatest cannibals of all, are scarce likely to be free from similar beliefs, I hazard the guess that tbe Vehinehae are the hungry spirits of the dead, continuing their life's business cf the cannibal ambuaoaoe, and lying everywhere unseen, and eagar ' to devour the living. Another superstition I pioked up through the troubled medium of Tati Coffin's English. The dead, he told me, came and danced by night around the pupae of their former family ; she family were there* upon overcome by some {emotion, but whether of pious sorrow or of fear I could not gather, and must 'make a feast,' of whioh fish, pig, and popio were indispensable ingredients. So far. this is clear enough. Bat, here Tari went on to inBtanoe the new house of Toma, and the honsewarming feast which was just tneu in preparation, as instances in point. Dare we, indeed, Btring them together, and add tbe case of the deserted ruin, as though the dead con* tinoally besieged the paepaeB of the living1, were kept at arm's length, even from tbe first ' foundation, only by propitiatory fearts, and so soon as the fire of life went out upon the hearth swarmed back into poBseauon of their ancient seat ? I speak by guess of these' Marquesas anper* Btitions, On the cannibal ghost I shall cetarn elsewhere with certainty. And it is enough for the present purpose to remark that the men of the Marquesas, from whatever reatoni fear and shrink from the presence of ghosts. Conceive how this must tell upon the nerves in islands where the number of the dead already eo far exceeds that of the living, and the dead multiply and the living dwindle at bo swift a rate. Conceive how the remnant baddies about the embers of the fire of life ; even as old red Indians, deserted on the marsh and in the raw. Jtho hiodly tribe all gone, the last Same expiring, and the night around populous with wolves. (To be continued. J «» We hftvs received from Messrs. George Bobertson & Co. ' Lippinoott's Monthly Maga zine' for January, 1891. In addition to muoh interesting matter it contains a complete novel by fiudyard Kipling entitled the 'The Eight that Failed,' in whioh this well known author fully sustains hia reputation lour power and originality of treatment. The scene this time is not laid in India, but Bhifts from England to the Stmdsn and back again, and Mr. Kipling satisfactorily proves hia ability to deal with other than infHt tary characters. It is a story that cannot ba put down till the catastrophe has happened, bringing with it the heartfs desire of the hero and leaving the lovers happy in^pite of 'The 