TWO WAYS OP TELLING A STORY. King Jnmes the Sixth, on removing to LVmd- n.wv waited upon by the Spanish am* oaesador, a man of erudition, but who had en eccentric idea in his head that ever; country should have a professor of signs, to enable men of all languages to understand each other without the aid of speech. La menting one day, before the King, this great desideratum throughout all Europe the King, who was an outre character, said to him, ' Why, I have a professor of signs iu the most remote college iu tny dominions ; but it is at Aberdeen, a ^reat waj off — per- haps 600 miles from here.' ' Were it teu thousand leagues off, I eball see him,' said the ambassador, and expressed his determination to set out ins tenter, in order to have an interview with the Scottish professor of signs. The King, precemng be had committed himself, caused an intimation to be written to tbe Ucivereity of Aberdeen stating the case, and desiring the professors to put bim off, or make the best of him they could. The am bassador arrived, and was received with great solemnity. He immediately inquired which of them had the honor to be pro fessor of signs ; but was told that the pro fessor was absent in the Highlands, and would return nobody could say when. ' I will,' said be, ' wait his return, though it were for 12 months.' The professors, seeing this would not do, contrived the following stratagem : — There was one, Geordie, a butcher, blind of an eye, a droll fellow, with much wit and roguery about him. The butcher was put up to the story, and instructed how to comport him self in his new situation of professor of signs ; but he was enjoined on no account to utter a syllable. Geordie willingly undertook the office for a small bribe. The ambassador was. then told, to his infinite satisfaction, that the professor of signs would be at home tbe uext day. Every thing being prepared, Geordie was gowned, wigged, and placed in state in a room of the college. Tbe Spaniard was then sbown in to Geordie's room, and left to converse with him as best he could, the whole of the pro fessors waiting the issue with considerable anxiety. Then commenced the ecene. The ambassador held up one of bis fingers to Geordie; Geordie answered him by holding op two of hie. The ambassador held up three; Geordie clenched bis fist and looked stern. The ambassador then took an orange from this pocket, and showed it to Geordie, who, in return, pulled out a piece of barley-bread from hie pocket, and exhibited it in a similar manner. The ambassador tben bowed to bim und retired. The professors Anxiously inquired his opinion of tbtir brother. ' He is a perfect miracle,' caid tbe ambas sador. ' I would not give him for the wealth of the West Indies !' ' Well !' exclaimed one of the professors, ' how has he edified you ?' ' Why,' said the ambassador, ' I first held up one finger, denoting that there is one God ; he held up two, signifying that there are Father and Son. I held up three, meaning the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; he clenched his fist to say that these Three are One. I then took out an orange, signifying the goodness of God, who gives His creatures not only the necessaries, but the luxuries, of life ; upon which the wonderful man presented a piece of bread, showing that it was the staff of life, i- nd preferable to every luxury.' The professors were glad that matters bad turned out so well ; and, having got quit of the ambassador, they called in Geordie to hear his version. ' Well, Geordie, have you come on, and and what do you think of yon man ?' ' The scoundrel !' exclaimed the butcher, ' wbat did be do first, think ye ? He held up ae finger, as much as to say you have only ae e'e ! tben I held up twa, meaning that my ane was as good as his twa. Then tbe fellow held up three of his fingers, to say there were but three e'en between us : and then I was so mad at him that t shecked my nieve, and was paun to strike bim — and would hae dane't tae but for your sake*. He didna stop here, but forsooth, he took out an orange, as muckle as to say your poor, beggarly country canna grow that ! lehowed him a whang of a bere bannock, meaning that I dinna care a farthing for him or iiis trash neither, as lang'e I had this ! But, by a* that's gode,' concluded Geordie, ' I'm angry yet that I didna break every bane in his body.' 'Scratch a poll and you'll scratch a Tartar.' These were the words of our own naturalist as the top joint of bis right band little finger down the cockatoo's mouth was ' lost to sight, to memory dear.' — Fun. ' O fader dere vas a hole in mein shoe ; de vater runs in like a 6ieve. Give me a shillin' to have it mend it.' ' Mein son, ve should always safe a shillin' ven you can. Juet cut anoder bole in your shoe, and der vater will run out as fast 88 it come in.' Theatrical wife : 'I see, dear, that snoring is caused by a person always keeping the mouth open during the night.' Husband : ' Is that so P Then it's a big wonder you CHn't score in the day time.' Wife : ' It's kind of you to put on my rubbers for me.' Kneeling husband (tug ging away): ' It is a — a — pleasure, my dear. Still, I am glad that jou are no cen tipede.' 