THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. A STORY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. -b By JEANIE GWYNNE BETIANY, Author of N mtf 8Sanmo's Two Laoacmna," 'are CHAPTER XXXVIII.-(CoNrTcUED.) Madeline on every occasion kept as much in thebaokground as posible, distinguished most by her unobtrusive helpfulness. But when the wicar gave his Christmas Eve party this year, ashe was prevailed upon to accompany the altrings, principally to avoid making herselfh conspicuous by resisting their importunities. -ere, during the performance of a Beethoven , sonata for piano and violin by Miss Towers and the vicar(he had a great idea of elevating a the popular taste), Madeline sat with such rapt k .attentzon that the eyes of everyone became fixed upon her. Mr. Rockingham caught her in a .her listening attitude, and when the sonata was ti over, asked her if she played. "I have been accustomed to playing,"'' she replied simply. "Some of my relatives are profeeaional musicians." it She had scarcely uttered these words when d she appeared to regret them. Mr. Rockingham saw this, and so led her at once to the piano, o -and placed her before a volume of Beethoven's sonata's. She sought out the Sonata Appas. sionata, and rendered the surpassing music with a deep feeling. Every one, even the least edu ctted, present, was im reseed, and all a.re?.e that she must not be auowe to stop. Still as sImply and a seolf-forgetfully she commenced . Lees Adieux." Never was more pathos -tIrown into the sonata, Mr. Rockingham i thought. She made the instrument spea 4mpassioned and plaintive farewells, heart alain d and misgivings, and deep and hallowed .ecton. But when the theme of the Return h broke from her finers, the joyousness of it axcitod. the vicar and Amy Towers, and Wadame Pelbois, who had in .pite of herself i drawn near, beyond description. Madeline turned, and seeing their marked pleasure, v repeatod this fnal movement unasked. Their lnt wish thus granted them, caused Mr. n -ckingham to reflect that he had never seen si delicacy of feeling in any one before. He began to be deeply interested in hor. When she had finished, he said to her in a reverential , You said you had some relatives who were professional musicians, Miss Orme. Why did not tell me you were one yourself ?" S Because I am not one," said Madeline gravely, and looking without fear into the eyes "Really, Mr. Saltring," said the vicar, "how have you possessed yourself of all this talent, nd why in the name of charity have you -hidden the light under a bushel?" "Well," replied Mr. Saltring, rather red but .very goodhumoured, "I don't know much hbout music myself, but it did strike me she played very well; but my daughter, who is a iitof a judge, thought otherwise." Mr. Saltring was redder after having made this remark, for he was conscious of having said more than he had intended. But feeling compelled to say something else now, he added, 1 with all appearance of candour, "I may as c ell tel you that she sings, or you will say I have hidden that light under a bushel, too." There was a general buzz when this was beard. Everybody was of one opinion. She smust sing at once. Her talking voice was so sweet, what must it be when she sang? "I feel as if I am being shown," said Made. line, with the faint amile which traversed her face rarely. "But since you wish it, I will Bimug." There was no need to ask for silence when She sat down once more before the piano. As \- the vicar had shown so strong a preference for Beethoven, it was "AdelaYda" that she chose to ag. • She sang it to the Italian words. One i .v;man, a butcher's wife, remarked to one of Ater friends, " It's the beautifullest thing I ever heard sung. But I can't think the words are very gooe. They sound Roman Catholic Never had there been such a party at the vicarage. Mrs. Saltring was reconciled to having ?eame: for wasn't this great attraction I of the evening her own property, so to speak- I or to say the least, her importation? SIlte that night, Mrs. Saltring entered Made- 1 Tino's chamber to kiss her favourite again, and m~ade much of her. She found her weeping -bitterly, and nothing she could do induced the girl to say why. It was a great trouble to her, but she was compelled by Madeline's entreaties to leave her. And Madeline kept a vigil that night, and made a retrospect of her past, with ite harrowing details, against her will. This was her occupation still when the slow winter morning broke; it was Christmas Day, SAll eyes were turned on Madeline as she, with the Saltrings, pissed up the church aisle on Christmas morning. Those who bad been at the vicarage the night before gazed with re newed interest en the musician who had been revealed to them. Something unusual was on the seat Madeline ordinarily occupied. It was an exquisitely bound copy of the Christmas anthems; and Madeline's name was inside the cover, in the vicar's handwriting. Within the book was a bookmark with three ribbons hang ug gfrom it; at the end of each was a piece of siver, on which were engraved, though dimly, for the thing was old, the features of a com poser. " Well," whispered Mr. Saltring. "he might have given you something new, at any rate, if he wanted to make you a present." "Oh, no," Madeline replied. "HIe has offered me something he values, I am sure .of It." SThe bell stopped, and the vicar entered and took his accustomed place, not without a glance through his spectacles at the Saltrings pew. Madeline was holding his preent in her hands. Perhaps no one but Madeline knew that he saw this. But it was evident to all the congrega tins.that the vicar was on his mettle; he had neverbefore preached such a sermon. And in the Christmas anthem the perfect voice of the s trnsger minstrel rose and filled the church. "Yon never ang in chur:h before," Mrs. Saltring observed to her as they were gaing out. "It. was the least I can do," Madeline re p~lied. At the porch the vicar met them. a e shook ohiu tell me to wiom that bookmark be " did not expect that question " responded the vicar dreamily, "but i will tell you. ' And Snotsurprised you asd me, ow \- Zul she • b i -" t ss the graves and not seeing them.." I have one sister now, but I once had another. Bult she was lost. She used to play and sing like you. This bookmark was hers. When I heard you sing Adelaida you won it from me. I will tell you some more when I can, if you will let me." " It is very good of you to trust me," said Madeline, looking meekly down. "I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as if inspired to ask one more question, she in qquired, "She did not die, your sister, did . The voice in which he replied, "No," was scarcely aiudible. They had reached the church gates and parted on their respective ronds SWhenO she reached home, a now surprise awaited .Madeline. A large packet had been left for her during church-time. The writing outside it was identical with that upon the book of anthems in the church. She sat down in a chair, and undid her packet. It was a volume of Beethoven's sonatas, baut not a new one; and on the cover was the name " Olive Rocking. ham." As the name met her eyes, they dilated. All the household were crowding about her; but she could not refrain from saying, "How strange ! How very slraege '" "It is a great compliment," said Madeline, "that he should have given me these. They belong to his dead sister, or at any, rate a lost 'sister." . . . n:-. S",Wel what is there odd in it, lhi?ei,.eaid Mtrs. Saltirig" . ' "Only tiis," said Madoline, dreamily turn. lug the leaves of the sonatas, " my mother's name, was Olive." : Mrs. Saltring expected more on hearing this; but Madeline began .to draw off her gloves leisurely, then rose and went upstairs. The plu.m-pudding had been brought in; all burning, according to old custom; and a dish of hot mince pies had called forth a shout of glee from the yosngsters. This shout covered a cry from Madeline, who was seated opliosite to the window, and saw someone pass. That someone rang at the door, and was admitted; i A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring,. and gave him n card. . "dtrane !" he said; "I don't know the name at a ll. mpier who can he be?" At the sound of the name, Madeline grew more composed; "a chance likeness, that was i all," she thought. WVell," Mr. Saltring said to his wife, "I t will go and see him, and bring him in. He t may as well join us. IHe'll take a glass of wine at all events. He may possibly have come from a distance." And Mr Saltring laid his table-napkin upon the table in a heap. Mrs. Saltring could not help noticing Made. t line's peculiar look; and it passed through her c brain in a vague way, how queer it was that t people's looks should be so different on different days, and resemble people they had I nothing to do with. One day Madeline re minded her of Keztah's baby, but now there I was a proud look in her face that recalled to I her no one so much as Mr. Rockingham. It I was odd; and she unconsciously wondered I what had brought it there at this particular a moment. Mr. Saltring's loud voice was soon heard as ho approached the door across the hall. The dining-room door swung open. Mr. Rimpler was with him. Madeline did not turn her face. She had never known a Mr. Rimpler. He bore a a yorery strange likeness to someone she had known. She would not look at him. Mr. Rimpler, for his part, did not notice g anyone but Mrs. Saltring, to whom he was in. troduced, and with whom he entered into con. I versation. "You know the people I am with, 1 believe," d he said to her. "I am Mr. Hackbit's clerk, and 1 it is his business that has brought me here to. E day, or rather his trouble. He is ill, and Mrs. Hackbit begged me to ask Mr. Saltring to come over. Claret? Yes, thank you." a His glass was filled. Mr. Rimpler glanced round the table, in the act of raising his glass to his lips. t "Good heavens," he exclazmed-" I mean, t good claret." Everybody stared at him. What did he mean ba saying "good heavens," for "good claret,' and in such a tone too?C But it was quite clear he had sufficient cause to exclaim, for Miss Orme was in the act of falling from her chair in a v swoon. That must have been what startled him. But how odd, then, that he should have p said ' good claret," after "good heavens." A great commotion followed, in which Mr. v Bimpler made good his escape from another s room, explaininmg in a not altogether natural It voice, that strangers were best out of the way. e He wasalone m the drawing-room for some v minutes. He struck his hands together two or three times, and said, "Curse it: She's in. d foernally like her. She is her! and it's the most unpleasant business. She knew me; that's why she fainted. Con-found it!" a At length a smile broke over his face. " I needn't trouble myself," he thought. "She v doesn't seem to know me. Besides, I can t swear I've never seen her before; mistaken a identity. Very awkward though! I should'nt if care for it to come out that I was a medical student in Germany, and all the rest of it. g Wonder where herrmother is? By Jove a though, abho's grown handsomer; and more a fool, probably. She must have been a fool to s believe me. I wonder what she'd think, if she ii knew that the child wasn't dead, after all, but only taken away. It's a very strange coincid- S ence that Mrs. Hackbit's adopted child should a have so much of her look. dMere coincidence. a It would be too much like the penny agonies, f, if that were to turn out to be the very child. S Yet such things have happened. It's so b difficult to get at the truth, the woman having left the nei'hbotirhood directly, and taken the V child with her. And Mrs. Hackbit says this child was a collier's, who was killed in an ex- a plosion, and the mother died of the shock; so the thing seems square enough." e Mr. Saltring entered, and put an end to these n reflections. " How is Miss - the young lady ?"' asked v Mr. Rimpler in a matter-of'fact way, and with no expression of any sort on his face. e "Miss Orme is better now. She is not strong. a She has had excitement this morning; that must be the reason of her fatiting. It is not the first time she has done so since she has been v with us." "Has she been with you lung ?" asked Mr. h Rimpler unconcernedly. t " ot very," replied Mr. Saltring; "but we have grown very fond of her, and we hope she n won't leave us any more." Mr. Rimpler devoutly hoped she would, but I could scarcely make the remark. - "How long has Mr. Hackbit been so ill?" t "Well, he's been drinking a great deal lately; and I think it's been coming on him the 1 lastew days. There was no keepuig him from I it. I did my-best; but sho am If to dictate to him?" . "There's no train for such'a long time," said Mr. Saltring, "that we must drive. It's too i far for one horse; but I know a public-house where I cau change on the way. I'v.i done it before." Mr. Saltring's dog-trap appeared at the door; and he and Mr. Rimpler got into it, and drove away, Mfr. Rimpler remarking upon the frosti. ness of the air and the alippernness of the road, in themost natural manner, andnot committing the human weakness of looking back. CI{APrER -XXXIX.--3n. HAcxrr's Canter eAs DAY. It was between five and six o'clock when Mr. Saltring and Mr. Rimpler arrived at Hackbit's house; it was dark. There wasno light in any of the downstair rooms facing the street; but one of the two upper rooms had alight, which shone through dark red curtains. On entering they were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Rimpler altogether, and looked at, addressed, and answered Mr, Saltring only. The doctor had seen Mlr. Hackbit, and had orderes such large doses of laudanum, and so often, that Mrs. Hackbit dared not give them. She was upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, as aMr. Hackbit was mad, in her opinion, and wanted a strait-jacket. Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and MLr. Rimpler remained where he was, for the time, and after wards went to his own bedroom and sat there. As Mr. Saltring opened the door of the bed room, He saw Keziah, terrified and weeping, and Mr. ffackbit in a very menacing attitude. He seemed to recognise Mr. Saltring as he entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy and ill-aimed movements, tr ing to wipe the perspiration from his brow and tace, whioh was deeply red. " You will see me righted. They'ro in a plot againt me. She's in it,' pointing with a trembling hand towards Keziah. 'Tho devil's inittoo. And T saw him last night looking at the window. They're all in the plet." WVe'llseo it all put right," Mr. Saltring replied, soothingly. Then turning to Keziah, he said, "Wilson says you've not given the medicine the doctor ordered." " It's laudannm," whispered Keziah, with dilated eyes," "and no much and so often, I'm afraid." " You must not be afraid," said Mr.. Salt ring. " Let me give it." Hackbit began to walk about the room un evenly and rapidly. Mlr. Saltring steadily dropped the lanudanum into a glass. " Come, Haekbit," he said, " drink this.' SlHackhbit made a step forward, and attempted o grasp the glass, butmised his aim? and his hand clcooson air. He was standing close to Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected ter ribly, and looked as if he could not have slept for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised the glass 1 to his lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, I but trembled so violently that his teeth chat. tored against the glass. He swallowed the I dose however. I " I shall be ruined," said he, as soon as he a had swallowed it. They're all in the plot, Saltring. There's that Rimpler, he ferrets I everything out. He got to know all about uncle Rimmon and the business in Drum." a Hero he broke off and began to strike the air o violently. " Take that," he said, "and that." o The perspiration was pouring off him now. Mr. Sattring pinioned him, fearing what he would do next. " Look here," he said, " Saltring. I'm not going to be cut with them knives. Iknow what you're holding me for." "You're not going to be cut with any knives," rpliod Mr. Saltring. " Well," returned Mr. Hackbit, confiden tially, " I've killed that fellow three times to day, and there he is again," and he shook him self free of Mr. Saltring, and plunged towards the mirror, in which washie own reflection, and sent it smashing into the window. Mr. Salt. ring seized him, but he was not suflicient. Hackbit struggled and raved. Koziah flow from the room, and called Mr. Rimpler. Wilson 1 was on the etairceosc. " Fetch the doctor," Keziah sai to her; the measter's igoree." She did not go back into the room. Once 1 free, she dared not return. She just wenut downstairs and sat in the dark diniugroom, in a kind of apathy. She was startled from her reverie by the doctor's voice. lie was asking whore she woo. I She went to him. " Have you given the laudanum, Mrs. Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I was here ?" he asked her. " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," said poor I Keziah. The doctor was an abrupt, and not a ladies' 1 man; so he bpcame angry. I " Do you want him to die," he asked, with I an aspectof ferocity, " that you don't oboymy orders? He would have been asleep now, if .you had done what I told you." And with t thIs the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah f hllow. ing. 1 Mr. Hackbit had in t io meantime been fas tened to his bed, and had become more violent, t though his efforts were ineffectual. " Just one drink of brandy, Rimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. "It would make a man of me again. Look hero," he s called out to the doctor, " these madmen make me stay out in this graveyard without a drink f of braody tosteady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, how their bones n rattle' Just one litt!o drink of brandy, and h I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly. "Look here, my good people, it's not my a fault," he called out, " Iam only the represen- g tative. You didn't borrow the money of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother me aboutwhere you're going to sleep to-night. See, I am in a cold graveyard. i I've nothing better." I Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was a dropping some more laudanum into the glass. t "Hie's in a bad way," he said. c " He must get sleep," said the doctor, " at a all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." t] Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent this lan- h guage. But looking in the doctor's face, he i concluded that his bark was worse than his o bite. Is Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but if did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, and he moved them incessantly in a nervous way against one another, or upon the . the quilt. " Are you staying here to-night ?" the doctor 1 asked of Mr. Saltring. n " Yes,' he replied. "Then give him the 20 drops again, every b two hours until he sleeps. M?r, Hackbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give her two glasses of port wine." " Thankyou, doctor," said Backbit. "That's a something like. I shall be another man now.". Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine a was ordered for himself. -R Keziah had slipped from the room, but she was standing outside. " I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port," said the brusque doctor. G " No, no," said Keziah, waving him away with her hand. "Not that, not hatterrible stuff, after-after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like him upstairs; a good dose, and b end it all." And she burst into a passion of The doctor patted her head, as he might have done a child's with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. " You want rest." And he took her with him down. stairs and administered the port wine there and then, and wont away, muttering that women h were most extraordinary creatures. "Only think of that beast upstairs being cried about, si and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man t, is the more they stick to him." As soon as he was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use P and comfort. 0 Some hours later, when all was hushed in the i sick room and Keziah was lying on the couch " in the dining-room alone, she saw a flaure standing outside, looking up to her windrow. h She sprang up like a child who sees its mother h after a long absence. She could not let him go h away again without having one word of com fort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew t to Elworthy's side. " Oh, Rupert," she said in a convulsive d whisper. " He's maddened with the drink." Elworthy held her near him, and muttered h something she did not catch. b "You have got some doctor, Kizzy?" he said. "Did he tell you to give laudanum? He n must have it to get to sleep,or he will die." , "Oh, yes, Rupert,' said Kezlah, in a low voice, with some fear in i t. t "My poor darling," said Elworthy. What a else could he say.? .' You must notremain here " another moment; you are trembling." And n he added with. some vehemence, "If you q were ill, who should keep me away? Who is with him now? You've got a nurse, Kizzy?" And he thought with horror of the possibilityof his darling havin to listen to the ravings. of that brute who called her wife. r " Mr. Saltring came, and is with him to night," she answered. "God bless and reward him for it," staid Elworthy'solomnly. "And now, good night." And he said lingoerily, " I shall come again to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. You may speak to me or not, as you need." He longed to kiss her, but did not do so. And n Keziah found herself lamenting the fact when she was once more in the darkened dining- a o3ut all this time Mr. Silas ltRimpler had been d keeping a vigil, like the owl in a belfry, widest awake when others are sleeping; and had been in no small degree amused and gratified by the escene that was enacted under his window. CHAPTER XL.-CerOlSTrstAs DOXES. The following morning, to the utter astonish ment of everybody but Mr. Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presented a perfectly naturil appear ane-in fact, seemed quite well. He was not in good temper, however. Mr. Saltring could not help noticing that KCoziah was not being well treated, and he felt that he could not leave the house without spoeaking of it. He had always been extremely fond of Kezish, and he and Hackbit had had former conversations upon the question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. The conversation took place while Hackbit was sitting up in bed, eating his breakfast, at I eloven o'clock, for he had slept till then. I " This is a bad job, Hackbit," Mr. Saltring Sbegan. " You were going to reform whlen you i Smarried. This is the way you have done it. I Don't you think it too bad?" I "That's all you know about it," retorted Hackbit, with a canning expression. "You see, I thoughtl was marrymi an honest woman, but I have changed my pnion, and ose no Snecessity for being too particular." " What do you mean, Hackbit?" said Mr. Saltring vecy indignautly. "Are you aware what you are saying ? Do you know that you are attacking one of the best and purest of Swomen by your vila insinuation I" S"ItIo!" replied liackbit. '' That kind of language is all very well when you want to write poetry, and when you're in love. I now give it as my opinion that there is no such thing as an honest woman." Mr. Saltring stared. Ie could not for a mo ment reply. At length he said, "You are esti. mating others by yourseif, lHackbit." And Sthen, regrettully, "I used to think there was a some good in you, but £ don t think it now. A man who can slander that angel wants kicking." "Look here," said Ifackbit, stopping in the Sconveyance of a spoonful of egg to his mouth, "justyou stay here to-night, and watch by Sthis window and if you don't see that a Edmonton-that Elworthy, I mean, - him my name isn't HIacLkbit." S"One of your wild illusions," said Mr. Saltring, deflantly. "And if you think I shahll play the spy on your wife, yeo have made a p great mistSko. cantrussther." S "Well,"' said Hackbit, "that, time will show. Biut If you don't believe my words, ask d Jimnplor.'" is -t" D you ?san t tsellm that you've been o setting that ctr on to spy upoh yosur.wife ?" " No, I don't. It was he who told me first. lHe had seen them together, and seen him s lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him, I suppose." I don't belie a word of it," said Mr. i Saltring, mopping his bald head: "and the sooner you get that slanderous villain outof the f house, the better. He must have a good opinion of you, to tell you such a thing. I'll aons?rr oar it, nobody would speak to me of my wife so. You are as had as he is, Hackbit. We can't so easily getrid of you, but you can get rid of him." " No, I can't," replied Hackbit, shortly. " Because you waunt to keep him as a spy, I suppose." " No, nut for that either. I can do my spying myself. But he knows too much of my business to basent away." " It muetbo creditable business to make you afraid to send him away," " It's none of your business at any rate; but Itellyou one thing, Mr. Saltring, I shall not have you hore lecturing me, Every English. man's house is his castle. So take yourself off. I won't have you in my house another moment on any pretence whatever. You soel can send you away, if I don't send Rimpler." And Backbit tore violently at a bell rope near him. It came away in his hand, and dropped upon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enough to have done anything. Mr. Baltring smiled faintly, and said, "Ifyou were going to rtng to have me shown out, yod might spare yourself the trouble; I know the way." And he moved towards the door. " This from a man," he thought, "' whose life I have probably saved." How much he wished he had kept his temper. This man was master of the house, and of Koziah; and now that he was forbidden the house, he could help Koeziah in nso way, whatever might happen. He went slowly from the room, followed by a mocking laugh from the b"d. Whenho heard this and thought of the spirit that prompted it, his heart failed him for the girl who must remain under the same roof ; and he thought bitterly, how far from human help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat her. He had been downstairs to breakfast, and Keziah had become alnost cheerful with him at the table to wait upon. She had beenso com forted in having him in the house. How should he tell her he was never to come again P lie went to the nursery to lookfor her. She thought something was wrong, for he did not notice either of the children. "Kizzy," he said, " come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when I shall get the chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, and waited 9 forhimr to explain. " Yes, Kizzy, I am not to come here any more," he said " I have offended your husband.'l e She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds had depended on it. The ground seemed to be taken awaypiece by piece from under her feet, "Mr. Saltring," she said at length, with a tearless eyes, "do me one great kindness. It i is great, I know, and my heart will ache. But n I feel now is the moment. I must make the seariflce. Who knows what tragedy is coming o to this house? Dear Mr. Saltrin, '," she said clutching his hand in both hers, while he looked I away from her, "take Bertram home with you. You offered to do it once, and I would not. I b thought I was going to do so well for him. I have not the power now. I feel he is not safe tinder this roof. My husband hates him. If everything must go, why not sooner as well as o later? He will cry for me a little, but he will forget soon. You will all be so good to him." Mr. Saltring had let her go on without replying. Then he turned his face full on her, I and, holding her by both shoulders, said, I " Get him ready." The smile that broke over li the pale face would have been a reward for any man. She was turning away, when he called her back to remark, " Shall I take both children ?" ' "No," she said, wistfully, "Lenny is safe enough; he is his father's child." t It was not long before the childwasbrought; i and he seemed very much elated at the thought of going "yide tn a geegeo." But to the b astonishment, and even disgust of Wilson, who d was crying, and also of Mr. Saltring and k Xeziah, the child insisted on saying goo.byyo C to " Rimpy," as he called him. Some.people think that children and dogs n can alwayo find out a bad man. We know froin experience this is far from being the case, A man who is fond of children, and kind in his a manner to them, will always win their regard, be he over so bad in otherrespects. It was a fact that Mr. Rimpler, hearing the child from the office, which was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cut up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed reallymovedwhon the child flung his arms about his neck. "Oh, you old hypocrite," said Wilson, under her breath. She was like many others; to her Mr.llimpler was a prodigy of evil; consequently, she could not believe in his possessing a single e trait of goodness. 11 But the hypocrite went into the office and positively shed a few tears when there was no one tlosee him. There had been a time in his a life when soft arms had boon thrown round his neck and he had felt himself the happiest man e alive. But now, long years had passed sincoheo had felt them. How those little arms reminded t him of that time! At this moment, could he have chosen some definite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. But he thought of no direct course. Anda vague wish to do better rarely ends in much good. B Keziah did not cry when she parted with her tr darling. She was filled by the thought that she was sending him to happiness and safety. She I had made a great sacrifice, but she felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and C nothing went with the child but one little box containing immediate necessaries. SMr. Hackb:t having got out of bed, saw the a trap drive off, and understood the case at once; i and though inwardly glad, he decided to be out. J wardly vexed. His bell-rope was off, he could not ring ; so he slipped on some of his clothes as quickly as he could, and went downstairsein a a way that would have startled anybody thlatsaw i him. i He found Kezianh and Wilson drying their eyes in the din'nr-room. This suggested a [ revenge that munst be effective. . s "So Keziah, you have thought fit to send n -Bertram away without consulting me. Now t there is only one child, there is no need for y Wilson;" this with an evil light in his eyes. "You csan occupy yourself with attending to a Leonard. Then perhaps you will get to care a b little bit for your own child. You ve a month's I notice from to*day, Wilson.'' Wilson's red eyes flashed, and she flung out of the room. "Why do you do It :" said KeXiah: " Why do you send oeverybody away who is kind to me?" " . " "' To please myself," said her husband coldly. "Y ou have more to learnyet, Heziah. Do you thitik it safe to trifle withmo '"i' '" I donot trifle with you," returned Keziah: steadily. • .. . ' You liUo," replied her husband. "Perhas you would like me to send !et away from the house, and give you an excuse to do what you want to do. Well, you shall not have your wisn. You shall stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't think it's because I'm so fond of you. But I've a right over you, and here you stay." " You treat me like a slave," said Keziah. "You shall know more of what that means," said her lord, and left her. Mr. Rimoler had heard this conversation, as anybody might have done who had beeoon in the ofirco at the trme. And when tackbit, having latt his wife, joined him, he was moved to say, having just had better feelings. "You've been too hard on Mrs. Hackbit. In spite of all we've seen I don't believe any harm has been done; and I don't believoe Mrs. Hackbit would eveor do any hann. She has done no worse than speak to him. That's my opinion, and I know the world." "Oh, you are clever, we know that,"retorted HIackbit. " You set the match to the fire and now it has grown as big as a house, you expect a bucket of water to put it out. The game doesn't pay. Do you want her yourself, that you began rto defend her? Go and ask her to go away with you; she would if you ask "No, she wouldn't," said Rimpler coolly; "and I would never ask her." "Oh, you are both angels from heaven, I know," sneered Ilackbit. 01sut about the business, Itimplor. You'll Iave to be more cautious. If you ruin people wholesale, we shall get into the pa poers. You sold up an awful number of families last month; and is one neighbourhood, too. They'll get talking together, and then it'll got into the papers, and they'll find out who it is that's the real money-. lender, and then it will be ruination." S"It would'nt be you ruined; it would be Mr. Rimmon," said RIimpler. "And isn't that me'" retorted IHackbit, Ssnappishly. "Don't I mean to have his money some timo? IHe may make it a good deal more if he keeps dark a few years longer." "If you go on drinking as you have been lately you'll di first. .ou've drunk yourself Sinto dliriv,n tremens. about as soon as any man I have ever seen." - I : Ererybody in the house was snrprised to seao M hr. Hackbit go off to Birmingoam that day, except the doctor, who said that opinm had I often done as much in oates of deliriltre •.r'Cetes,.. ,.. . ... * Mr. Haokbit had scarcely left the ohouse, when a Koziah put on her things and went up to her I mother's. She was not away long; but MIr. Rimpler noted the time when she- left, and the time of her return, in a mechanical sort of way. a When he heard her come into the next room, after she had returned, he opened the door of I communication, and addressed her in a way he 1 meant to be kind, but he received a chillin roe rbuff. 3" Oh, very well, my fine lady," satd Mr. t Rimpler. "'rho dlay may not be far distant when you will regret not having taken Silas Rimpler for a friend.'" SYou haven't it in you to he a friend to anybody," retorted Keziah, and quitted the room It was cn account of this rebufll that Mr. Rimpler, on Hackblt's return, reported IKoziah's hyaving been out, and added a little to it on his own account. Conseoquently, when Hackbit went up to bed and found his wife with her head already on the pillow, he ordered her to geot up, and told her to to and sleen in the spars room by herself. She obeyedin abowildered dreamu. aundcropt from the room, carrying some of her clothes with her, and feeling that when Wilson was goneshe would indeed be at the mercy of two villains. There was no bed prepared in the spare room. The bad that belonged to it was kept under another when out of use. But hat did it matter? She laid herself wearily upon the mattress, and covered herself with the clothes she bad brc ht and la awak all night. The following mornrogl.ezlan arossea nerself and went down early. Backbit appeared at the usual hour. Keziah glanced at him as he entered the breakfast-room. Ho know it, though he did not look at her. He had his dressing-gown on, and he seated himself at his end of the breakfast-table, and took up the newspaper which lay folded on his plate. The servant brought in the coffee. Keziah commenced to pour it out. She passed her husband his cup. He put dowp his paper and helpedhimself to a chop, but did not offer any such attention to Keztab. She did not want anything, but a certain pride in her would not give in, and allow him to think she had no appetite. Besides, Mr. Rirrpler would be in directly, and she did not mean him to see her t with an empty plate before her. So she walked to her husband's end of the table, and helped herself under his very nose. She came into such close quarters that Hack bit felt obliged to speak to her, though not by any prompting of courtesy. " I hope you have spent a good night," lhe said, satirically, " and that you feel refreshed and all that sort of thing." " I thank you," said Keziah, with mock 1 politeness. "The question is rather un. necessary, seeing that it was passed away from. you. ea, I slpt very well, thank you-much better than usual." - Mr. lumpler here made his appearance. rubbing his hands together, which were red with cold. He looked at Hackbit first, then at Kezialh: and after a curt good morning-they never shook hauds-he remarked, as if taken unawares, "I think Mrs. Hackbit looks in need of a doctor." " Not at all," remarked her husband, " she has just been saying how well she is." Keziah would perhaps have roplied herself, but she was seized withafit of coughing. "Pretty well done," observed her husband, " seeing you are not on the stage." Keziah began to eat her breakfast in a kind of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed great. Rimpler furtively watched her. Hack. bit tried not to do so, but failed. "Oh," he said, getting up from the table at I last. " I can't sit at the table to see you swal. i lowing your breakfast like a dog does dump lings."t "Then go away if you don't want to see me," said Keziah. All this could not go on without some com ments being made in the kitchen. 3 Both the cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit I in having received notice, and had commiserated her. Thus.it happened that the elderly female began to have a better opinion of the other t domestic,. This morning on entering the kitchen she closed the door, and said to the cook : " Do you know where the missets slept last night P' " No," answered the cook. " She slept in the, spare room, with no bed I and no covering." . "What a shame !" cried the cook and Roberts, the gardener, simultaneously. "I dreadgoing," said WVilson. " Who will t there be to look after the missis when I'm I goneP And she's not fit to look after Leonard." "He is a brute " said Roberts, "as ever lived; and it's mach to me if Rimpler doesn't get a match for him before he's done, and serve him right too." " Well," said the cook, 4' if you do go, I shall look after the baby. I shan't let her. It's a sin and a shame ; and he's as rich as a a Jew, I do believe." 3 "I shall write to Mrs. Towers and tell her all about it to-day," said Wilson, following her I own thoughts rather than answering. "And I I shall let Mr. David Rimmon know, too. It's no use telling her father. He won't hear any- I thing against Mr. Hackbit." "And when you've told them," said Roberts, c " what can they dot" "They might got a separation." "Them articles aren't so easy got as you seem to think," said Roberts. "You've never tried to get one, mayhap." "Of course not," said Wilson; how should IF Dut what's that got to do with itP" - "Well, a good deal," replied the gardener. CIIAPTER XLI.-CoosronT -raox OTrnns' \- Wowss. - While Wilson was writing to Mrs. Towers and to David Rimmon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jumley. Thewriter was Joshua Rimmon. This is what Joshua wrote: "M?r DicAn BDornsn,-This is the season when there ought to be goodwill towards men in all our hearts. Ever since my marriage I have gathered my kinsfolk about tno on Now Year's Eve. Why break this sacred chain? [Mr. Rimmon liked this phrase, and felt him self waxing eloquent.] 1 would not rob you of my boy whom you have adopted, and who, I trust, may prove a blessing and a comfort to I you inyour declinin" years. Yet would I not I have him a stranger'ýo his father's house, an I alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray you bring him and join my simple board for the New Year's Eve and believe me, 1 " Your forgiving brother, " J0ntO Ai RIosNn?." When David received this he became greatly excited. He read it before Wilson's, whtch lay on the table. Jubal was reading a sporting paper he took in; and expresied bu little interest in a letter from his father. David handed it to him when he had read it three times., ."Dear me," broke forth Jubal, having peoruainsl it with elevated eyebrows; "a master piece of rhetoric and hypocrisy i" "I should hardly say that," said David -' mildly.-" The command that we shall niot judge, that we be not judged, means that we are not to put people down as meanina wrong whsn we don't understand their actionf. "I find no difficulty at all in understand ing,". returned Jubal; tenderly touching his wavy hair and looking at it in a mirror oppo site. "lie thinks poople in Jumley will talk if he doesn't have anyliody for New iYear's Eve, and there's nobody to come but Dorcus and ICoziah and us, and my most respected brother in-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance on that occasion. "Of course I cannot control you," said David mildly; "but for myself,I cannot pray, 'Forsivo me mysins as I forgive those who sin against me,' and rofuse at the same tome to forgive my brother." " IHe has never asked you to forgive him," said Jubal, a cynical smile breaking over his face. " Well, no," replied David, colouring a little. " Now I think of it he hasn't. Still, his ways aren't like ours: he never was like other people; and I think he means it all right. But I think that it's no tart of my work to sift andi sift. and find out if he nmeans all he says. That's the work of a higher than me. But it is for .ne to forgive seventy times seven, and to live peaceably with all men, so far as it in me lies; and I shall go to Jumleoy. " You're not a hit of a man, uncle," said Jubal superiorly, "or you wouldn't be taken in as you are." " I'm afraid I am cowardly; it has always boeen my fault," said David simply. " But I don't think I mean to be cowardly in this." And he took up the other letter andlooked at the address. "I don't know this writing," he observed. " I wonder who it it." " Why don't you open it and see ?P'" said Jubal rather rudely. His uncle silently opened the letter. "Oh, ,Tubal," he said, with a kind of cry. " Poor Koziah!" " WVhat's the matter with her?" -Jubal asked I rather indiflferently. "This is from her nursemaid, Wilson; she says that Thoma is frightfully lltreating her, SI' lot e o ahouldn't. have married him. Shomadehorbed; let heroonult." • I wonder howyou can talk so,'" saidDavid in alone tAs nearly approaohing anger as ha hod it ever used to Jabal. "One would think you hr ad no afflction. at all for her, your own sister." a " Slto shouldn't have played the Jool. I was all right with her before." " Jubal," said his uncle, dopreciatingly, "' is this the time to reproach her with a false e step?" 1" I'm not going to reproach her. I shall not go near her. lit I'm not sure I won't go home, if it'sonly to see the mother. She was. always decent enough.' S"I think t is your duty to go heom, now. your fate calls you. And I " think a it is your, duty equally to be kind to your sister, who has certainly always been good toyou, and who is sorely in need of a kind friend just now. You could be more to her than any bdy else, if you liked. You o" Ought stands for ntotbing. If I go home, SI don't toiuk 1 shall open my lips to my r father. I shall certainly notgo near Keziah." ' " Well, well," said David Rimmon. " I do wish I had somebody to advise me." And it passed through his mind how good an advisor Maud Towers would have been, had he been free to go to her.. But he was not. At the same hour lMaud was equally per plexed with David, and the same subject was before her notice. She did not take long to con. esider her action. Shewrote to Keziah: "MY DEAn, DeAn IKEczrEAr,-I. have heard to-dse,, with a pain that show hsno how dear you "sn to me, of the sea of. tfouble which uear rounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. I One sad consolation I have to offer, andyou will, I fear, say this is none. For in suffering for each other, we do not increase each other's load. You are not alone. If you are over whelmed, so am I. How came we both to make I such mistakes? Our lots, though different, are strangely alike, except in one thing. You I looked for calm life with your cousin; I looked r for bliss. You have missed the calm and found tumult. I have missed supreme halepiness, and found supreme misery. Perhaps this does not 1 sound like syrupathy : yet as I write my heart bleeds foryou. I find myself always ighing E for the days when you and I had quarrelled at may fireside, and were so happy, and did not know it. None know what happiness is but i those who have last it for ever. We are both of us so young, Kizzy, it does seem hard that we should look with longing eyes to the time when death shall rclease ti floln oulrmnny sorrows. I can only think of that; ind yet, it 1 is not happines s in another life that I look for, only rest from this torment; for howcan I ex pect the love that has dlied upon earth, and left. say living love clinging to its corpse, to rekindle in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about does not exist. 'What cause have I ever given that he should turn from me ? He never spends a moment in my I company he cast help. We have no businees h connection now, even. For I have ordered all the rents to be paid into his hands long agoe. and I take just what he doles out to me. I often walk in the cemetery you and I looked at v together one day. You remember we said we would not go there again; it made us sad. Now, it comforts me just a little, for I look at the white stones and the fresh grassy mounds and I think, 'This is a home where I may rest some day- sooner, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurt at first when I heard thatlert ram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have, been so glad of him; but you know best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything now, and I never touch the piano. You may ask, ' How do I employ any time, then ?' I don't think I know. I can't think of anything just now I thatl am in the habit of doing. 1 hope you have not thought it unkind of me not to have written to you before; but Ihad no good news to send, and I did not wish to sadden you. 1 could not write toyou and pretend all wasrfght, when it was so far, far from being the case. But now nothing I can send you could make you moremiserable than my silence. I feel very thankful to Wilson for having written; please tell her so from me. " Lionel is in a dreadful way about me. IlIe can't help seeing how things are,though I have told him nothing. You know, I suppoeo, that Gerald is with Dr. Elworthy. They got on to gether very well ; but Gerald never comes here. He must have seen and understood in his one visit. " Tom went in for his examination again, and got plucked. When he came and told me, he said Ineed not fear; he would fulfil the condition that I had made for him on marrying him. To think of my being interpreted in that I way, Kizzy ! You know it was for him, and him aloe, I wanted him to get his qualifica- i tion. What could it matter to me? What i can anything matter to me now, since he does J not loveme, and never, never will again ? Ift I had said anything like that to you in the old days when we were together, you would have shaken that small head of yours, and made me some saucy answer. I wonder if you ever mskesaucyanswena now toanyone? 1 cannot e bear to imagine you as always graveo; it seems so unnatural. But perhaps it ias dialcult for you to imagine me wandering about in an aimless way, existing from day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put on. nor how I look.But 1 do know that nothing I put on, nothing I could put on, could make me look pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, and my eyes always look heavy and dull; it must be sleeping so little and crying so much, I suppose. Iut enough of this. You used to say I was unreasonable. If I could only have you again all to myself, I don't think I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes such changes in one. Tom is changed; his hair is turnig quite grey. And now, dearest Kizzy, let us be all in all to each other, though it be t only in thought and at a distaece. "Your faitlhful friend, MA'Dvn." Whtn Ieziah received this letter she had a t brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in f thinking of her friend's. "Ah," she thought. 1 "however bitter my lot is, lMaudi's is worse; I' am only separated from the man I love, and am ill- treated by the man who is my husbeand: but Maud has lost the love of the man she still loves and who once loved her. Yes, that is worse." She could picture it. She had only to think c what it would be like to hare married Rupert , and then to have lost his love. CIIAPTER XLII.-- M. Riastox Loses MonR 1 TmAN IIHs TocMPEn. Keziah did not answer Maud's letter at once, c for she had other matters in hand. She had promised to go in and help her mother it pre-v paring for the New Year's Eve festivities which I were to come off as usual. Mr. Hackbit had been persuaded by his father-in-law t3 join the party, just to keep un appearances. Whether t he would actually do so or.not was still a 1 question. He was not drinking so mrucls: he had had a fright. 11ow long this would last was doubtful. He made no ol j sltion to .Keziah's.going in to assist her mothlr, telling her politely that her room was better:than her company. sKeziabh's spirit rose against this insult, and she determined to fight hard to look as if all were right, and not give him the pleasureo. of cowing her. She ei:ered her father's house by the back way, and went into the kitchen. There was Mrs. RIimmon in a largeo spron, tying the puddirgs up, ready to put into a pot that was boiling on the fire. "This grate 's worse than over this year," Mrs. Rimmon began, "and now the balser's cracked, and we can get no hot water. Just as if there wasn't worry enough, without that. And I'ma sure I don't think any of the fuss as is made is worth while. Who wants to come heret" " Never mind, mother," returned Keziah. "It is not worth makini a bother about; you should get hardened. Give people their deserts. Ifthe dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble i our head about it. It's no good people worry. mng themselves into tie grave because they can' t ploaso pople who are unplassable." She had been takig off her things while she spoke, and turnming up her sleeves, in readiness tobe of use., "What shall I do first, mother ?" she asked, " Well, Kizzy," said her mother5 "If you'd just make a bit of paste for a mince pie for your father's dinner--be'll expect one." "And is nobody else to have one F" broke in Keziah, sharply. "Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon. "You see, we shall all get some on Neow Year's Eve." "All right," rejoined Keziah. "If no one else is to have any, he shan't have any either." "If you won't make it for him, I must," said Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly. "Don't be so stupid, mother. Tell Grumps Syou asked me to do stand I wouldn't." "O, Klhcy," said oMrs. Rimmon, beginning to cry "There is always a plenty of wasps fly ing about, without stirring up a wasp' nest." " Indeed," retorted Keziah, amused. " And if the wasps' nests are left alone, the more wassp will be flying about." S"Well, those as stir them up are sure to get etungn' said Mrs. RIimmon. "'VWell, what does it matter," said Kieziah, "iitf they don't ask other people to bear the smart for them ?" "I have heard of people being stung to death, returned Mrs. itimmon, who had go oI dcp In ths metaphor, and rather astoniahei herself. s "I am oie of the peope that would rnther be stung to death at once than be pestered by occasional stings for years, and years." There wets moro in this than lIrs. Rimmon could dee, for ehe,in common with others of the human race, was thinking ot her own situation nore thean of-har daughter's, I When half-past one came, Mr. 1immon I arrived, and demanded his dhinner. A cloth was laid for him on the end of the dining - room table, and further than this he could see no preparation, so he came into the kitchen to view the land. He caught sight of his daughter. It had been to him some satisfaction that Keziah was caged; but he had never lost his fear of her. So when ha saw her there, he did not break forth as he would otherwisehave done. " What do you want?" Keziah asked I sharply. "' ell,nmy dinner," replied her father. " Well, the quieter you keep about it, the sooner you'll got it." What was the use of his remaining in the kitchen ? None at all. He weunt back to the drawingroom, and took up a volumo of Wesley's t sermons and scanned it morosely. Ho had not to wait long. Keziah with lier own hands brought a tray in, and to DTr. Bimmon's infl. nito astonishment, she placed between his knife and fork a plate with a few slices of cold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy r" he said, eyeing the 0 plate from where he sat, with much disfavour. a " It's your dinner," said Keziah, " and the t sooner you eat it the better." a Mr. Rimmon seated himself at the table, but a did not begin to eat the meat. He was think. tl ing that he would make his dinner off the tl mince-pie that was to follow. He waited a long time, lat nobody came. Ile rang the bell. Sarah answcredit. '> "Take this away," ho said, pointing at the plate, " and bring the mince-pie i.' 0l "There's no mince-pie," said Sarah. half wl afraid. b, "No mince-ple !" said Mr. Ilimmnon, with a in atop after each syllable. tl On hearing this, Mr. IRimmon got up from ki the table with the intention of going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending N to got some papers out. He put the door di hurriedly to aus he heard some one come in. He ti thought it was Keziah, and resolved not to ce speak to her. But it was his sister Dorcas. It IHer brother looked at her, and wondered tb what on earth had brought her there. Her w face was beaming. g " What do you think, Joshua ?" she said. gi "I don't- -kow," said Jos) us, very in- w differently "' hat wretch Broughae Ilianna.r'S soh has been drowned; one of the twins, you know.'' Having imnparted her news, she waited. As r her brother did not speak, she said : t "Are you not going to s.iy anything, w Joshua ?' th "Yes," he answered. " Go about your d businems." it "Oh. indeed." said Miss Dorcas, swaying ce her head up and down, "I must go about my. fL business, must I? And is it any part of your business to send rue about my . buainess? p Answer me that." an "I tell you 1 don't want to be bothered Po with you," said Joshua Irritably. of " Oh, and you're ready to use me,' sa!d his en sister, " and also abuse me, so it seems. But tem let me tell you one thing, there's a dog on ha your track. Hal!" she said, " I thought you'd inl show some interest at that piece of news. Only be last night, sir, I heard a man call you a whited no sepulchre.,' .u: The scriptural phrase stabbed Joshua deeply. "Was it a Jumley man?" mr " That's my business, and I'll mind it." to "What do you want to be such a fool for ?" do said her brother. " If anybody said such a br thing, I ought toknow who it is. Would you wi let the ground be taken from under my feet, eti and never give me warning? " bo "Measure for measure," said Miss Dorcas. mi " The measure you mete shall be measured to le: you again." SWell," said her brother, with a grim smile, s "my ruin would be your ruin, thank Heaven." i "Ho. ho," laughed Dorcas. " When a all house falls there's always -somebody on the fly look-out to carry the treasure away. What if thl the one who carres the treasure away should ha marry ome ?" ha All the anxiety died out of Mr. Rimmon's ac face on- hearing this. " A mare's nest," he to said. " I know whom you mean." And he th laughed satirically, locked up his iron safe, g and was leaving the room when the key rot dropped from his pocket on to the cushioned chair, and he did not hear it. lie went hack OX to his bank laughing to himself. Fe No sooner had he gone right away from the w( house than Dorcas gleefully seized the key. of "' Oh, Silas, my dearest," she cried, "my time at has come at last." And she opened the safe, mi having previously locked the door just as Joshua Iimmon had done in the hour when he wi betrayed Iuport Edmonton. Somehow the nu words she had just used to her brother came be into her mind, she did not know why : "The de measure ye meteshall be measured unto you again." Had she known all about the treach- m erous deed her brother had been guilty of, the sa words would have been ominous enough. Bnt she did not. tw Having taken a certain bundle of papers out ao of the safe, she placed the key on the leather mr chair, where it had fallen. So it happened that when Joshua came home and his eyes fell upon th the key, a cold sweat broke out upon him ; and ev a great feeling of gratitude came into his heart, th he hardly knew to what or whom, to fate most probably, that he and no other had found the th key. It never occurred to him in any form ml that it might have been found and used. hil That night Dorcas Rimmon waited in the shadow of a ruined engine house in the Old rec Park. A keen wind was blowing, and she inl stared as far as she could along the dark path fit thatled between worked-out mines towards her brother's house. But, wearied by the intense eft darkness, she turned her eyes away to rest upon so the dim lights of the town and the glare of the furnaces. A fi gre of a man was approaching between her and one of the lights. Could it be , Silas, coming another way ? He might have toe been somewhere for Thomas, and so have been tu unable to keep his appointment. eli The man was passing her. " Perhaps he ar can't see me," thought Dorcas. She stel3ped to out a little. "Silas," she said in a sharp ail whisper. The man turned upon her and at scanned her.e "What are you prowling about for?" said a husky voice... "That is the expression you use in this country ? Oh Cil, what a es country it is." Dlrcas retreated into the shadow. Eut she It was not so easily quit of the stranger, whofol. 20 lowed her. . " And was it for me you were waiting ?" he is said3 in a charming maminer. "Itook you for th a pitbanik worker, as they call them in this lo heithenish land. But I see you are respect.' i able. These pit.bank workers, they will give he you a kiss, but they do smell of thle coal. But you emell sweetly of the lavender-water. It is a shame you should wait here in solitude. I will bear you company." - .. "Are you a stranger to these parts ?"' asked to Miss Doreas, hoping this stranger would stay ei until Silas Rimpler came up, to excite his jea. w lousy and so increase hise ardour. ." "'Yes, I-nm a stranger to these parts," re. o plied the gentleman. "But Iwill know the m neighbourhood better if you permit me." t. S"Oh'" thought. Dorcas, delighted, ".he . thinks the neighbourhood belongs to me !" She wondered what this stranger was like it being too dark to distinguish his features. "Are you intending to stay here," askeod di Drecas sweetly, for any time I" "I stay," replied the stranger, "wherever i soft arms detain me. But at present it is at at Wolverhampton I am, amusing the public, le which is not very elevated, it does appear to o me." "May I ask where are you going now i" "I was going up to a ,Mr. Haekbeet%, on a little matter of business." " Oh, heis my nephew." ""Your what? 0,h Ciel ! Then you were the youngest of the family, is it not, come to 0 brighten the old age of your esteemed mamma 01 ndor , s' am not the youngest," replied p Dorcas. The ardour of the gentleman seemed i to go down considerably, and he bade her a a cool goodnight. As he was departing, not takinarpxticular p notice of his footing, he threw himself into the arms of SilasRimplor, who was advancing from tr that tohe devi are you about ?" jerked w out Mr. Rimpler, catching his breath and sfaggering. (To so CoNmoe). .,.. •E CO ? ..., 