TWO LABOUR LEAGUES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-The letter of Mr. J. A. David son, in your issue of May 11th, is a curiosity in its way. A writer, when he appears in print to correct or in form others, should try at least not to contradict himself. Mr. D. heads his letter " Two Labour Leagues," implying at once that there are two labour leagues in existence, and that he has something to say about these two leagues ; but he had not written a dozen lines before he contradicts this, and says that for my information he will inform me that there is " no .such thing as two labour leagues in this district," and a little further on he speaks of a resurrected ghost of a defunct Protection League, under the heading of a Labour Protection League. Now, before there can be a resur rection the thing resurrected must be dead and buried; but as the Protec. tion League has never been either dead or buried there could of course have been no resurrection. The Protection League, in various stages of activity, has been in existence for more than two years, and, with its now enlarged basis and platform, has acquired as much right to be con sidered and called a labour league as any league in existence. The object of the two labour leagues is precisely the same. They exist for the purpose of securing: a better representation of labour in the Parliament of the country, and the Labour and Protection League will select no candidate who- does not accept the platform they have adopted, and which each candidate will sub scribe to before he is nominated. This platform of the Labour and Protection League must be a most excellent one, because it is the same, with the addi tion of two or three clauses, which are an improvement upon the one adopted by the Labour and Electoral League: Mr. D. says :-" As far as Protec. tion is concerned, I venture to assert that no Government would dare to put a tax on commodities that would pre vent them being imported." Now, no one wishes to put a tax upon any thing which we want and cannot make ourselves. These things will come in as freely as any Freetrader can wish. It is only upon those things which we want and can make that it is proposed to put on a tariff. And why should a tariff be put upon these things which we can make ? For this important reason : Every working man in this colony insists upon being paid good wages for his labour, which means that the article he makes will cost more in wage than in a country where.the wage is low. It is therefore impossible that it can be sold as cheaply. Why? Because it cost more to make it. If we want cheap. goods, in order to get them we must pay low wages. If we want to have good wages, the article made will cost more, because it cost more to produce it. The one is a consequence of the -other, and inevitably so. If I give a man a shilling a pair more for making a pair of boots to sell than they pay in England, how can I sell the pair of boots for the same price as another man when I gave a shilling a pair more for making them. So with everything else. Seeing and knowing this, in conse quence of the higher wages in this country than in Europe it is impos sible to make such articles, as we can make, as cheaply, Protectionists ask that a tariff should be put on such articles, so as to raise them to about equal to the price for which, with our highwages, we can produce them here. This is the ABC of Protection. Level up the wages in Europe to the wages here, or lower the wages here to the level of Europe, and all talk of Pro tection would vanish. But as this is not the case, the difference in wage is the ground for a difference in policy; and if a Protectionist Parliament was returned to the House, the Govern ment would just do as they were told, and put a tax upon anything which was thought best for the interests of the country. Mr. D. says : "The Labour and Protection League should read 'the league to protect capital.'" I ask, what is the Labour and Electoral League established for? Just and simply to protect capital. We are told that the working man's labour is his capital, the only capital he has, and he wants to increase the worth of it; and it is because for ages past the working man's capital has been undervalued, and he has 'not received sufficient in come from his capital-his labour that he forms Labour Leagues, and is determined that his capital, or labour, shall receive a better reward than it has done in the past. He will therefore send men to Parlia ment to see that this is done.. He has consequently joined the Labour League to protect his capital. Says Mr. D.: "This so-called league. has borrowed their platform." And where did the Labour League borrow its platform from? Was it not taken from the Trades and Labour Council; and did not the Trades and Labour Council borrow it from somewhere else ? "People who live in glass houses should not," &c.; Mr. D. ap pears to complain because the Labour and Protection League are willing to advocate any measure tending to im prove the condition of the masses, and says the word masses is not compre hensive enough. The word masses is used to distinguish it from the classes (that is, the upper crust); and as the word includes the whole of the working classes of the country, what word could be more appropriate ? Mr. D. must be hard up for something to say when he pecks at the word in question, when it specially includes the whole class to which he belongs. -I am, &c.;, D. WALLWORK. 