ANOTHER LOAN,— £5,500,000. ? - ? The freotrade muddlers have again had to go to the State pawn shop for money to continue working the affairs of this country. Twelve months ago the Gov ernment were as bankrupt as Montague Tiggs' Life Assurance Co., and it only remained for the people to await the inevitable declaration 'of insolvency, to realise it. Three months ago it trans pired that the Treasurer was borrowing money from privato people within the nnlnrw n.nrl nnwminn' f.lip fVuv nscn+.a wo Tmrl had left, by sneaking Chevy Slyme-like around the corner of that institution symbolised by three brass balls. Cornered by Parliamentary inquiry, McMillan was forced to acknowledge that the Treasury was hopelessly insolvent, and so the people waited for the end. The resignation of McMillan was to men not blinded by false admiration of that political incubus, Parkes, proof strong, as Holy Writ of the emptiness of the State coffers, and the inability of a freetrade treasurer to replenish them. And' now, the Government have again gone to' '' my uncle ' with a shameless prayer for £5,500,000 to stop the leaks in the sinking ship, New South Wales. Though evory man, woman, child, and infant in this colony is saddled with a national debt of £42, making £42,000,000 for the whole, a heartless, thriftless, wasteful, muddling govern ment again go to England for a further loan of hi), 500,000. Dates for payment arc mentioned in our wired message appearing elsewhere, and, like so much bait for England to nibble, the usual false pretences are elaborately resorted to, in order to persuade John Bull into the belief that we can pay up. But the English, financier is, we think, grown more wise. Ho knows fulUwell that for a very long time indeed we have failed to pay even the interest on our debt, and that a great part of the money he would 'find, if he allowed his better good common sense, would go merely to pay off arrears in interest, leaving us in a worse plight than before. Our free trade contemporaries iniquitously en courage the dullards of the community into believing that the more we can borrow the better off we will be. But let the people of New South Wales exercise their brains to better advantage than to read isuch .utter nonsense. With no moans of raising revenue, except by taxing the poor man's table, New South Wales never can place herself, in a position of solvency. .Whilst she 'enjoys' — ye gods, what a satire on tlic meaning of the word, enjoyment ! — her mongrel freetrado policy. she .will drift ' further and further back, ' for, though her eonditiou even now is one of. bankruptcy, she still can get more hope lessly entangled and deeper into tlie net of British money lenders. If this loan of £r-.nn0.000 hn Rimnnssfnllv flrmf.prf and personally we do not see the ghost of a chance of it, New South Wales will bo able to swim just a little longer, but the fall will be the surer and harder when it comes. If this proposed loan bo floated, it' will moan that New South Wales will owe as a national debt for a single million of people just £50,000,000, and as the interest on that sum will mean more tlian a third of the revenue of the ctlony, it must be patent to anyone who will read that Now ? South Wales must, under' ' a policy of frcetrade, fall— and fall badly. That a, young country like this should periodically have to .borrow, monoy to pay her way is simply disgraceful'; and' it is indeed marvellous that freetraders cannot sco it in that light. ? We are nipidly becoming a - paper currency nation, with this endless appealing to the, money -lenders for the necessary; and every year, under the ' wretched myth which some call freedom of 'commerce, we drift deeper into the creditors' books, and still l'urlhor repudiate the- teachings of energy and self-reliance onr forefathers endeavored to educate us up to. Freetrado has beggared Now South Wales and drained her of her substance. Purkes and his tribe seek to in part replenish by plunging us deeper, and deeper into the black books of tho English pawnbroker. It is borrow or slnrvo, .with freetrade, and always hns been so. If we succeed in persuading Eng land to lond us this £5,500,000 wo will be' given only a little further breathing time, and at tho end of that we will have to! face ruin ; and, as Pnrkcs will very liHely have then pegged out, onr only consolation will be tho right to execrate the memory of the greatest political fraud ever sent to plague a young and one time promising land. Still, let the freetraders who have- placed nn imaginary halo around the head of this man, have their fill. It is a matter of satisfaction to know that they will be among the sufferers. The evil they have iiiuiiguv 111 1U1IU1UIIU . \\-\J LJ1VJ titllUn of the poorhousG that phantom of political economy called freetrado will, thank gooduess, recoil on thein solves ; and when tho end is come, they will have to bear part of the burden they have with such henrtlessness placed on the shoulders of their raore sensible brethren. New South Wales is in pawn, and now Parkes proposes to pay the overaue interest ana save me security uy by doing a bill to cover a bill. But it is not by that means New South Wales will be rescued from stern ruin's plough share. Protection alone is the euro for the evils its non-existence has wrought. 