A HEADER'S GLEANINGS. Nevhu did any soul do good, but, it came readier to do the samo again, with more onjoyinefit. Novor wnslove, or gratitude, or bounty practised but with increasing joy, which made the practise!- still morn in love witli the l'air act. — Shaftesbury. , ? He who freelv praises wliathe means to purcliaso, and I10 who onuiiiernt.es tho laults of what lie moans to soli, may sot ?? tip a partnership with honesty.— Lamler. . Euitons oi» tub TKLKuitA.ru, — 'It was two o'clock ?vlim Tinmlioil In i-' I - t ,1 'IT, , „ at the door. , 1 snw.at onco that, she. was very angry. She handed me telogram and -asked- freozingly: ' What is the mennm^or this?' I. said: t' Why, my denr, 'what's wrong? ; That is probably tho message J 6ent.ybu.in tho afternoon.' lit is,' sho answered. 'Pleaso read it and explain.' ' I road it. To my astonishment it said Shall dino with -Kitty Smith, an old gal of mine, who 1ms just returned from tlio Continent. Will be late. Don't wail for liio.' 'J wouldn't wail for the best man that evor lived,1 sllid , my wife, and she began to cry. ' I realised at once: what had happened; and began to laugh. 1 couldn't help it. 'Why,' I said, 'this message has been botched. I wrote lio such st uft' ? as that.' ? ' What ? did you write thonP- she demanded. -Thon. I. told her ' that what I had really! written was : s 'Shall dine with Billy Smith,' an1, old pal of mine, who has just returned from tho Con tinent. Will be. Into. Don t wait for inc.'' Those operators had , butcliored it. l vo got the original message. In view- of tho circumstaiiccs tho ; mauagor of the telegraph oflice consented to lend it to mo. My wifo was pretty well satisfiod, but-1 wanted to convince her absolutely. After this 1 shall endeavour to write plainer, and. I shall certainly avoid tlio use of slang words.'. — A lynching was nearly precipitated by tho error of a Kansas operator ?soino linio ago.- It was only, averted by the dis covery that there was no one to lynch, A young farmer was called away lroui home for a fow da; s. HisSvifd went to visitlher brothers ina town near by during his absence. Tlio third day her__husband telegraphed her: ',Big.ba.U, meet mo at Wichita 'to- ? night.'-. Tfiero was; to bo a dance and lie wanted his wifo to attend. This was a splendid opportunity for the imp of mischief who causes telegraphic ' bulls.' He tampered with t, lie message, so that, when tho farmer's wifh read it., it said; 'BigBillgotineatWichita to-riight.' Her instant and ;very natural conclusion 'was that her husband had either been captured or sliot, or both,' by ..ii' desperado: named 'Big Bill.' ? Her brothors agreed wit, h her, and the whole family and a number of neighbours, all heavily armed, took the first, train for Wichita to rescubjthe'. husband and hang ' Big Bill.' : The husband was waiting calmly at the station: for his ivifo. . The Vigilance Committee demanded ' Big Bill,' and wero not at all satisfied with the husband for standing tlicro free and unin jured. Tho brothers criticised him severely because lie wasn't kidnapped, and announced Lliat in their opinion lie had boen guilty of rank decept ion. A ? fight was prevented by his wifo's intervention and an explanation.— A gentleman. in San Francisco learned that an estimable-lady -in Los Angeles' had suddenly lost all hor property and was in a condition of actual want. Ho telegrnphod to a friend, a lawyer of Los Angeles:, '/.Assist. Mrs. — — immediately.' The word '.'assist' was changed to 'arrest,' and tho poor woman's misery was increased by a night in a prison cell. It's all very fino having a ready-mado rich man, I but mayhap lio'll bo a ready-made fool; and it's no tise filling your pocket full o' money if you've- got a i holo'in tho eorneiv ? It'll do you no good to sit; in a I sprin^ cai't o' your own, if you!vo got a. soft to drivo I you he'll soon .turn you:ovor into the ditch. .. I allays I said I'd. novor marry a-nian as had got no brains; for I whero's the use of a woman having brains of her own if she's tackled to a geek as oberybody's - a-laughing I at? She might as -well', dress herself fino to -sit .back'ards on a donkey.— -George liliot .; Hints to Piikvent Waste — When fuol. and food have been procured, the next consideration is how the latter riiay bo best preserved.; .Muclr 'waste is. often occasioned by the want of judgment or of neces sary care in this particular. J When tlio atmosphere is cool, clear, and dry, beof may bo kept from four to ten days. Mutton will hang, under tho samo cir cumstaiiccs, .for- a fortnight ; or throe weeks. Veal, lamb, and pork ought not '- to be kept moro than a day or two, at tho most. Gamo may be hung for two or throe wooks; birds with tho feathors on, or fowls; will keep for. a week, tiirkoys for a fortnight ; ' geese not. more than, eight days. .. In very cold,,, weiither, incut and vegetables touched by tho frost should be brought into the -kitchen early in tlio morning, and soakod in.cold water. PniiFUMKii Pubvunt Mouldiness — Mould iness is occasioned by tho growth of vegotation. Ink, paste, lealhor, and seeds most frequently suffer by it. A clovo will preserve ink, and any. essential oil answers ' the purpose as well. Leather may bo kept- freo from- mould by the same sub'stimeo. Thus llussian leather, which is perfumed' with the tar of birch, novor beconios mouldy -indeed, itprovents it fromoccur ring in othor bodies. . A fow drops of any ossontial oil will keep books entirely free from it. For harness oil of; turpentine is recommended. By (lie uso of . sma}l quantities of the, oil of. peppermint or cassia paste may be prcsoiTod for years. : A few drops of the ? oil -miiy be added wh'on the paste' -is - mado; Moisture must, be excluded as much as -.possible, as tho oils only provent the effects of tho mould. The Bishop's Ghost.— A talo of-tho lalo Bishop \- Wilberforce. So many tales of him havo boon i current, but I do not lioliovo that this -has over before gono abroad. In oarly days lie had a oloso friend, a school chum, a college companion'; but about tho time young, Wilberforce took orders thesotwo had a bitter I and hopeless falling out. They never got over the disunion, and fell uLtorly apart. Thoclmin bccauio , an oxtonsive landowner,- and was master of a charm ing, liouso in the soutlnof ISngland. - Timo passed on, and ho grew oldorly. Ho thought of making his will. Boing n great man, not only his, [solicitor ;but . tlio solicitor's son arrived on the scene' for tlib'eveiit. All thi eo gentlemen wero in the library; a long room, ' with many windows running down almost to tho giound., , Suddenly; tho young man present saw a gentleman go bv the first of these windows. Tho oldoi lawyer raised his head, as tho figure wont by the second opening. Last of all tho master of tlio house looked up. 'Why, that is Wilberforce,' ho .ex-, claimed:, 'How many years it is since wo foil out, and .I dared, him evor again to seelc me out.' So saying, ho rail-to tho hall door to welcome his guest, towards whom no bitter feeling now remained in his mind. Stiango to say, the Bishop was not' at the door, nor could ho bo found within the grounds. At tho moment of his appearaneo ho had fallen from his horse in th is .neighbourhood- and had ,boen instantly. ? killed .-r-T/te Argosy. - The IiuAti.iSinov Leguer,— Tieg'ree, the plantor into wlios-o hands Uncle Tom foil -.after tho sudden death of Mr. St. Clare, had his counterpart on many Southorn plantations. ,, A brother of Mrs. Stowos was for a timo collecting clerk to a largo mercantile house in, New Orleans, and there met a planter who : sor.ved' for tho character 'of : Legrce; Of him ho wroto, - after visiting his plantation, /' Ho '? actually ?mado mo feol of his -flat;' which was like a black ; smith haiuiiior or a modulo of iron, tolling mo that it was 'calloused with knocking down niggers. ': , When I , left tho plantation I drow a ?long^ breath, and folt as if I had escaped from an ogre's don.' Among planters it- was a disputed point whother it was most paying to work -'niggers to death or to prolong tli'eir' lives by fairly liumaiio treatmont.'iLogroo wasa typo of those who believed in taking tho work out of lliggers. even if it killed thoni.'L .In answer to tho qnory ris to how long slaves would, last, ho replied : ' Woll, dunno; cordin' as thoir'corislit'utipii is.: Stout follcrs last six or sevon years ; trashy olios get worked up in two or thi-oe. I used'to, wlien I fust begun, havo considerable troublo fussin' with:'om and trying to mako 'em'idiolds out; doctorin' on 'oin up when thoy's sick, and givin' on 'oui olothes and blankots, and lvliafi not, and trying to keep *ofii all sort o' 'decent riiid coiiifortablo. ? Law,' 'twasn't no sort of uso ; I lost mpiiov on 'oin, and 'twas heaps o' trouble. :Now, yoirsdo,',! just put 'om straight ' through', Tsiok or well. jWlibh ono niggor's dead I buy anothor; and I find it cbiiioschoapornnd easier ovory. way.' Tho barbarous troatiuont : of tlio— slaves upon Legree's .? plantation is no overdrawn story of -' horror. It was a 'comnion thing upon tho sugar plantations when grinding : commenced - for negros t,o .work night and day for threo liionths, with only short, intervals for sleep. Also at' tlio, sugar- rolling season tlio slaves in Louisiana: worked for two or throb months', both' 'night and day; scarcely, retiring to' rest' durin'g^tlio. whole period.' . The - tragical fafo of Undo Tom upon .Legree's .plantation has, too inaiiy tinios li'iid' its parallel,' which- many living witnesses hiivo tostifledito'Mrs: Stow u.—' Life ' i if Haj-riet HccohcrStowcyibld for ' Boys? and ; Girls' By Mrs. Sarah At Tooley'. l, : ' — ',J ' ,** ,'-'r i To dio and know that whon miun think of yon no ; inspiration n ill arise, but only tho memory, of Inirsli ness, or hatred, or .falsehood,1 or pililessuess-Vthat' makes death torriblb.' Be' otherwise; ''Lot - your ivorks follow you with inspiring powor. ' Speak from tlio grave to comfort, ikindle, redeem. No.nk so little onjoy life and aro such burdens to themselves ii3 Ihose who, havo nothing to do. The activo only have the true relish of ' life. Ho who knows not, what, it is to labour, knows not. what it/ is to enjov. lu erraiion is only valuable as it unbends ~ lis. Tlio idle know nothing of it. It is exert ion that rendeis rest delightful and sleep sweet and undis turbed. 'The happiness of life depends oil tlie regular proseentioii-of some laudable purpose or calling which engages, li-ilps, and enlivens all our powers. 