CHAPTER THE TRACK OF TiqS HAWK. ! V,;i ) 1 The bustle and life of Gedrge-etreet during I the busiest part of the day affoM a consider able contrast to the solitude and silence of such spots in Australia as the foot of the cliff where the dead man was buried. This was brought home to Frank Lockyer one day shortly after his arrival in Sydney by the nature of the errand he was bound on. As he went along the street with the revolver and saddle pouch in a small hand-bag, he could not help picturing to himself the con sternation of some of the idlers it they were suddenly translated froai the so-called block to Dead Man's Cliff. Miss Kccles lived in one of the suburbs on the railway line, and Frank had written to her on his arrival, asking her to let him know when Blie was disposed to see him. This was the appointed day, and before long be found himself before the house lie had been directed to. It had nothing to dis tinguish it from the ordinary suburban resi dence. There was, perhaps, a little more garden, and it was, perhaps, a little better kept; that was all. lie was evidently expected, for the servant at once asked him in to the drawing-room. Here he found Miss Kccles awaiting him. His sister had guessed her age aright, about nineteen; she was a fair girl, with good features and trim, round figure, somewhat under the middle height. Frank thought 6he had a very sweet smile as she arose and greeted him. She was dressed in black, which somewhat heightened her fair appear ance. " That was a very kind letter your sister wrote to me, Mr. Lockyer," she said, " and I am glad to meet you." " I have brought the few things we found, Miss Kccles," returned Frank, who felt rather ill at ease. " Thank you," said the girl, " and now, re member that the worst of it is over, and ham anxious for you to speak plainly and openly to rite. Tell me everything about how you found him. But lirst give me what you have." "The revolver is still loaded, be careful how you handle it," said Frank, handing it to her. She smiled, somewhat sadly, "I under stand how to use a revolver," she said, "and have often cleaned this one." She drew it from the pouch as she spoke and looked at the weapon. " One chamber is empty," she remarked. " Yes," stammered Lockyer, remembering the circumstances, " I lired one off." '. Yes, what for?" " There was an eaglehawk watching on a tree near the place " "And you shot it," cried the girl. "A hawk! watching my father alive and dead. But you shot it dead t" Her eyes sparkled, her face gleamed with feeling of some sort " Yes," replied Frank rather surprised; " I killed it" "With this pistol too," she said; "0! that was good of you." She put the revolver back iu the pouch, and patted it like a child would a doll. Frank began to'think that this wasxathexa peculiar kind of young lady. She opened the saddle pouch aud took out the contents. " Was this all ?" she asked Borting the things out on the table. " That is everything we found." " Then the hawk was there before you. I suppose you read these?" "My sister looked over them," replied Frank rather stiffly, for he scarcely knew how to construe the girl's last words. " It was necessary in oraer to find out any thing." "Please forgive me," said Miss Eccles, holding out her hand, " I foigot you would not understand me. Believe me, I never in tended to offend you. My words referred to something you knownothing of, unless-" she hesitated for a minute. "Did yoursister tell you anything about the contents of these?" She indicated the letters, &g.; " Yea, she mentioned one or two passages which puzzled her somewhat, and which strangely coincided with what we discovered after the first time." J " Tell me all, everything Mr. Lockyer," the I girl said excitedly, " your sister did not tell me this in her letter. 1 can guess what puzzled her." "My sister told you, I think, that my brotherand-law and I, returning from an out-Btation by a short cut through the scrub, came upon your father's body that had been lying there some monthB." He paused, the girl nodded assent, " The next aay-we went out and buried him; we took a black boy with us, who is the best tracker up that way, and sent him round, to see if he could find any horse tracks." "And what did he find?" cried the girl, unable to restrain herself. "That another man had been there on foot, either at the time of your father's death or immediately after it" The girl clasped her hands together, and looked straight past Fjrank into space. " I knew it," she muttered to herself; " I knew it." . " Mr. Lockyer," she said, after a pause, " I want to think over all tins, and lean then talk to you better. Will you come and see me to-morrow. I have many more questions to ask you, but just now you have somewhat upset me. I am not so composed as I thought I was." Frank at once promised to be at her com mands the next day, and rose to go. "I am living with my aunt, my mother's sister," she explained, " but she is a great invalid, and generally keeps her room. 1 am afraid 1 am taking up too much of your time." Lockyer eagerly assured her that he was an idle man with his time at her disposal, and took his leave. Not a very impressionable young man was Frank Lockyer, but the face and voice of Miss Eccles haunted him a good deal for the rest of the day. He had seen and flirted with prettier girls, and livelier girls, but certainly had never come across a girl who was so un mistakably in earnest, and somehow this earnestness had a novelty about it that was very attractive. In. the first place it was at once Admitting him to a degree of intimacy that such a short acquaintanceship . would not otherwise have warranted. In the next he thought that Miss Eccles, apart from the idea which now possessed and altered her manner, could be a very charming young lady, and altogether he felt very well pleased that their ac quaintance had not begun and ended that day. " Tambour Major," which was then in full swing in Sydney, had no attractions for him that niKht, bushman though he was. He could see the paint, and the powder, and the padding, and the smell of gas and bad scent in the dress circle seemed stronger than ever. Lockyer put on his overcoat and left before the performance was half through ; a cigar and a stroll about the streets were, in his then mood, far preferable to the heat and -jingling music of the theatre. the course of his ramble he came across a'frjend.. and together they turned into a well knowii oafe in George-street. The place was jnearly deserted, a group of three men talking M the bat being the only visitors. Lockyer and his friend were standing close to this group, who were conversing rather noisily, so that they could not help hearing a good hit of what was said. "Mount Wyandott?" said a voice which immediately attracted Frank's attention. "Metcalf went up there some months ago, though what he went up to such a miserable hole for I am sure 1 don't know." " I went because 1 had business there, certainly not for pleasure," was the reply, and Frank turned round in time to note the speaker without being observed. He was a thick-set, middle-aged man,, with bushy eyebrows and a chronic frown, his eyes were brown and bright, his nose somewhat hooked, and he wore a close- clipped beard and moustache, not quite so common then as it is now. Lockyer took his friend's arm, and led him up to the cafe out of hearing of the others. " Have a good look at those fellows if you can, without drawing attention to it," he said, " I want to see if you know them at all." " I noticed them, and never saw either of them before to my knowlcge." "They are not men well known in Sydney ?" "Certainly not, at least not in any decent place." " Well, take stock of that thick-set fellow with the short beard, will you, Donald? I migh t want you to let me know if you see him. again." " Right, you are, old boy, but what has he been doing-a little bit of horse stealing up north ?" " Worse than that perhaps, but they are going, Iwant to follow them for a bit." The three men left the cafe, and Lockyer and his friend Donald followed them. The streets were not full, for it was only about 10 o'clock, and they very soon got into a part of George-street where there were few or no passengers. At last they passed some new buildings in course of erection, where the pavement had been taken up. Lockyer gave a sigh of satisfaction. " Now, Donald," he said, " you stop here while I go tracking." The three men were now a good way ahead, but Lockyer paid no attention to them. He lit a match, and examined the tracks they had marie, passing over the soft clay on the footpath in front of the unfinished buildings. One match not sufficing, he lit another, his companion looking on with amused curiosity. Presently Frank came back, and they re traced their steps. " What's the little game, old man*" said Donald, " if it's a fair question. " 1 was trying to recognise a track." " So I could guess-evidently a little bit of amateur detective business-but has your thick-set friend got a cloven hoof that you expected to bowl him out by?" " I saw a track some time ago that I wanted to identify with his." " How long ago was this?" " Oh! the track was made over Bix months ago." Donald burst out laughing. "I always thought you a decently rational fellow, but you don't suppose that he lias worn the same boots ever since !" "Don't you be too funny, young man," re turned Frank., MI suppose you noticed that the man we were looking at was a strong built, heavy man, although not tall ?" I " Yes." " He also had very neat small feet, and when a big man has small feet he is generally proud of them. He would probably 3ceep a last, and always have lus boots made on the same pattern. Now, my clever boy." " Very good, but alter all these months you surely could not recognise a boot" track by match) ight, unless there was something very peculiar about it." "No, of course I could not. But, apart from the mere formation of the boot, a track has a character of its own. If you wore my boots you would still make a different tract to me." " I suppose so; but this long lesson on tracks has brought us back t<> the cafe again. Let us go in and refresh. Did you satisfy yourself?" " I did, as much as I expected ; but I do not suppose the evidence would satisfy any body else." " ! The caf6 wqs now pretty full, and both men soon met several acquaintances, but none of the inquiries Lockyer hazarded could elicit any information about such an easily recognisable man as the gentleman they had been tracking that night. Nobody knew a Mr. Metcalf answering the description. Evi dently, thought Frank, he is not a Sydney man. Lockyer had confused dreams that night. Now he was walking on the red cliff with Miss Eoo)es,and as they walked fresh fissures and ch&Bmp; kept opening before them, and they kept trying to get round them until they got hopelessly in a maze amongst them. Again, he was shooting at the eaglehawk, and the bird had a head like the man called Metcalf, and although he pulled and pulled at the trigger the pistol wonld not go off. Suddenly it exploded, and he awoke to find that it was broad daylight, and the waiter was beating a demon gong outside on the landing. At breakfast that morning lie received a letter from the station. " I told you before you left," wrote Hartridge," that 1 intended to have another search round about the place we found the dead body of Eccles. So the other day I took Nap and we stopped out two days. What was the result, you will ask ? We could make nothing more of the foot track, but we found Hie tracks of three horses about ten miles to the westward, evi dently made at about the same time. At first we only picked up one track, then we found two more join it, and they Beemed to have been tied up for some time at one place, although there is no water about there. Finally, they Btruck straight for Mount Wyandott, and we left them. But the strangest thing was that we picked up a horse bell, in a place where neither Nap nor I could see the ghost of a horse- track. I am convinced there is something crooked about the affair, but we have found out all the tracks can tell us. There were two men out there, and one went back on horseback to Mount Wyandott. By the way, that hawk that you shot is still there where it fell, not a dog has touched it." Frank sat down and answered his brother's letter that morning. " I want you," he said, after he had related his interview with Miss liccles, and his meeting with Miss Metcalf, " to go and take a cast of that track before it rains. I' don't suppose that it will be a very grand one, but it will answer our purpose." If Miss Kccles is in a confidential mood to day," he thought, as he wended his way to Redfern station, " I shall have something to tell her that she may find interesting." 