Consecration of the Bishop of Northern Queensland. (Herald.) The service in connection with the consecration of Canon Barlow as Bishop of Northern Queensland took place on Saturday morning at half-past 10 ia St. Andrew's Cathedral. There was a large congre- gation. The ceremony was "conducted by the Primate, who was assisted by Dr. Turner (Bishop of Grafton and Armidale) and Dr. Stanton (Bishop of Newcastle). The following clergy were also present:-Dean Cowper. Archdeacons King and Günther, Canons Kemmis, Moreton, Hulton King, and Sharp, Revs. W. H. H. Tarrington, E. A. Anderson, S. Simm, Manning, Debenham, Tress, Hornby Spear, Hargrave, Madgewick, Dixon, Langley, Charlton, Garnsey, Yarnold, Baber, Beck, Bartlett, Hough, Read, Wood, Smith, Archdall, Pain, Mort, Rose, Kill worth, Woodworth, Harris, Boyle, Dr. Corlette, the Precenter (Rev. A. Rivers), and the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr. Gregory Walker). The first lesson was read by the Bishop of Newcastle, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. The anthem was "God so loved the world." The Bishop of Newcastle preached the sermon, taking as his text Acts viii., 2, "Andas they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said-Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them." Re- ferring to the custom of sending to England for clergymen, he asked how it was that the Church ' had so miserably failed to touch the hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded joining the ministry. Why had they to send 12,000 miles away for a man for the ministry ? The Church in Aus- tralia should wake up, and put a downright en- thusiasm for religion into the people, and make an end to paltry little questions, addressing them- selves instead resolutely to the work of God. When the spirit was in the Church in Australia, it would be in the ministry aB it had been in the civil life, when the cry came that young mon were needed for a campaign in the East. On that occasion some oE Australia's best and most athletic youths put on their uniform to go to the Soudan, and so in the ministry of our Lord there would be an uprising amongst our young men which would make the Church independent. In separating one who had been ordained in Australia, he thought they were taking a wise and expedient step. He believed the time had come when, in the older dioceses at any rate, they could surely choose out of a thousand clergymen one or more sufficiently gifted to fill an episcopal chair. This was from no disloyalty to the mother Church, nor from any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, generous and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself. On that occasion they had selected a clergyman who had been ordained in the eplony to take the government of the distant diocese of Northern Queensland. Concluding, he said, ad- dressing the bishop-elect :-And what-can I say to you, dear brother ? Is it not the culmination of your work in the Northern diocese, I have no advice to give you, for have we not for nine years been working together like brothers, sharing our [ work, praying over our difficulties, and thinking i what could be done best for God's work up there ? I cannot advise you. You know it all. Continue only in the work that in the years past yon have been carrying on, and you will vindicate and justify that act which we are performing to-day, and will prove to the Church in Australia that the synod was right in having chosen you, and that we are right ia separating you, after prayer in apostolic order, for the work whereunto you have been called. The Lord be with you, prosper you, make full proof of your ministry, and direct you as yon go in and out amongst the people. The Lord be with you. After morning prayer, the service for the consecration oE a bishop was gone through, the Primate, assisted by the other bishops, officiating. The mandate for the consecration was read by the chancellor of the diocese, Mr. Gregory Walkor, after which the bishop-elect took the oath of obedience. The con- secration ended with the laying on of hands by the Primate and the assisting bishops, and the pre- sentation to the new bishop of a copy of the Bible. At the conclusion of the consecration service the Primate, with the newly consecrated bishop and others, proceeded with the Communion serviee, and partook of the Sacrament. The offertory was devoted to the North Queensland Clergy Mission, Fund. 