Protectionist Freafes. Yesterday there was published 'by our senior morning contemporary a letter from the member for Queanbeyan recommend ing public works to the amount of several millions. There is no iieed to go into details of any of these, as the sanguine O'Stillivan himself only maintains that they should be -carried out when money enough has been obtained ' by the new taxation,' or any other means. Suffice it to say that the programme put forth includes a complete system of new rail ways, a scheme of water conservation, the establishment of a school of mines, and the completion of Sydney Hospital. The propounder of the brilliant list thinks, or at any rate writes, that 'when the money-lenders of the old world see that we are determined to raise funds by taxing our selves, we shall have no difficulty in raising another loan — one that will not be mort gaged in advance as the last one was.' Every reasonable man will say, on the contrary, that the -wholesale expenditure advised to be rushed through. as soon as 'possible would be* just the thing to frighten the money- lenders of Europe out of their senses. ' But there is another piece of O'StnLtivAN statesmanship more extraordinary even than that given above. Says the prophet of the restric tionists : Though we are about to have a protective tariff, it is quite compatible with that policy to hare reciprocity with other states. Advantage should therefore be taken of the friendly feeling now existing between New South Wales and the United States — a feeling which is likely to grow still more cordial through our represen tative at the Chicago r Exhibition — to enter into an arrangement with that country to admit our wool duty free in consideration of the free admission to our territory of their cotton,, coffee, and other pro ducts which, do not dompetejWith our own. Such a treaty would not be forbidden by our Constitu tion, and it is possible under the M'Kinley tariff for the United States to work it. In the hands of a couple of good negotiators such a treaty would be achieved — after the next Presidential election — no matter which side is triumphant at the polls of 1892. Now, what on earth can this man. be dreaming about ? There is 'no more chance of America entering into the sort of treaty that he proposes than there is° of Sydney bodily flying off: to San Francisco. In the first place it is a political impossibility. The United States will only admit wool free when it has abolished the tariff alto gether. The wool duties are to the over taxed American farmer a partial set off to other duties that press upon him. The farmer has to pay duties on all the manufactured articles he uses, rx\A, of general agricultural produce, there is a sur plus for export, the bulk of whicn is taken by the mechanic of freetrade Britain, or by ' pauper labor,' as our restrictionists would say. There is obviously no use in protect ing things which grow in an abundance that defies outside competition. Of wool, however, there is much less produced in the United States than is required hj the trade of that country, and so the farmers will cling to the wool duties as their only chance of getting something out of a system that generally only takes money out of their pockets. Any party that offered to remove these duties, while leaving others as now, would lose the farming vote in California, Oregon, Washington, Nevada, Nebraska, Da kota, Montana, and^Wyoming. Thisjisathing not to be thought o£, and this constitutes the political impossibility of Mr. O'Soizjvan's plan. ? ? - But there is a physical impossibility. The scheme speaks of an arrangement 'to admit our wool duty free 'in consideration of the free admission to our territory of their cotton, coffee, and other products which do . not compete with, our own.' The main objection to this is that coffee, as every grocer's assistant* krt&ws;, is not a United States product. According to the re port of the Gommiafiioner for Agriculture, the States in one year (1886) imported it to the value of 42,©72,937dbl and did not export a cent's Worth, 'W'e should recom mend Mr. O'StrtntvAN to draft a companion' treaty offering free admission to grapes from the Orkneys or pineapples from Iceland* From a. protectionist point of view the T-^iali':-'/of-':t1io United States reciprociiy, echeme is that both cotton and coffee^ jifea^i -nd .do grow in this country, so,, JLf^ there is to be protection, there eeei& rib|pii*ticular reason ?why, they should bof lexeluded Jrom what erer benefit it is Bupppse^L to confer. .Concerning the jfinal proposition, that in the hands of a f^uplesof^good nego tiators sack a -ti^^fi^;that« described could be - achieved/ :^tt \r/r. ^s-t obviously 'not necessary ' *i^':- ^?SB^Sp&ttch; . '-..in, re futation. Fxoni 4^e general drift of Mr. O»Sdiaivan's letter W»*»4K«tla»t hmiM : aiudous to be sent to the OMeago Exhibi tion. If Ko be sent ** 'ia,ust ^^ ^?J^ f§-^ |t© B^it-be.; iiTBell^d ~ «f; a,') sample ,.;pr,i^e'-JT tionist,'f and there Could be ^.note in thts catalogue explaining that the miaimtnn pay of a person *' of the- xlescnpMbn ^re^1 with*' was £300 per annum, sometimes ris ing to £800; that this and similar gentlemen were employed to care for the public' interests, agriculture among the num ber, and. yet did not have the ghost of an idea as to what grew in their own country or in any other.' This would save' a long explanation as to the reasons for New South Wales securities having declined in the money market ; but it 'would necessi tate the immediate imposition of a heavy poll tax upon all such people as are looking out for a means of getting a living in a way that does not require their having to use either their hands or (if they liavf any) their brains. Very opportunely, just as we are threatened with a protective tariff, comes the news of the operation of the M'Kinley tariff in America— the biggest* thing in tariffs .in the world. The United States customs for the list quarter fell JB7,000,000, and the expenses of the Government for October exceeded the receipts by 3,000,000doL Of course' there are some people who migh^ whatever they think* profess to regard the falling off of the Customs as a good sign; but no ingenuity can ex tract comfort out of an excess of expenses over revenue. It will be interesting to hear what our local protectionists, whohave been preaching that a tariff will have just the contrary effect, and will make income increase in proportion to expenditure, have got %o say about this phenomenon. Speaking, by the way, of America's external trade, it is somewhat wonderful that, after years and years of protection, purely agricultural pra duce represents about 72 per cent, of her total exports. When the other very large proportion represented by mineral products in an uninanu- . f actured state is allowed for, it wffljbe seen what a very, little part of American commerce consists . in sending manufactures abroad. Of course Ame rica has her vast internal trade to fall back upon. There are 60,000,000 of people to consume home made goods. New South Wales is asked to shut itself off from the world, and even its im mediate neighbors, without possessing any such compensating advantage. The internal trade to be done anipng somewhat orer 1,000,000 people will not keep many protected tactories going, however the proprietors of those factories may be coddled at the expense of the rest of the population. - Freetraders and Protectionists are of much the same way of thinking, no doubt, as to native industry being an excellent thing in itself; Their real difference with regard to it is, of course, in relation to the methods by which it. is to be promoted. The freetrader naturally holds, and surely with sufficient reason, that in dnstry of any kind to be a permanent and general source of wealth to the com munity must spring up, so to speak, in the open air, and not in the hothouse' atmosphere of protection. Among the encouraging signs in the former direction those in connection with the butter factories, which have been started in various parts of New South Wales, are certainly not the least in importance. For example, take the report read at the q-TTn-np.] meeting of the Waratah Dairy Company. Operations were begun by the company in March 1890\. From that time up to the present 137,579 gallons of milk have besn separated, and 61,758 pounds of butter have been produced. The value of the butter sold is stated at JJ3775 lls Id. These are very fair financial skimmings indeed— especially when regarded, as they should be, as merely the promise of much richer ones — f or the dairy company, and should incite others to go and do likewise. * ? Rosehill Baeeeourse never presented- a gayer or more animated appearance than it did yesterday, when the Birthday Meeting was brought to a : satisfactory close. The attendance was, perhaps, the largest ever known at a race meeting at this popular course, the only occasion when there was anything like it being the Cup meeting held some few years ago. The place yesterday presented the appearance of a picnic ground. The flowers were in full bloom, and a magnificent band dis coursed excellent music. The facilities for luncheoning, public and private, were evidently appreciated. Those who preferred to bring their own 'provant ' took advantage of the many snug nooks, and must nave enjoyed the fresh breeze, the fresh flowers, and the music. The sport, too, was gocd. Those who go to races to pick up a little extra pocket money must have come away yesterday on the right side, as picking winners seemed to be an easy task. Thus, the only section of visitors who could not have enjoyed yesterday's fan mast have been the layers of oddSj, who certainly fared badly. . * That there will be marrying and giving in mar ' riage to the end of time we have Scriptural , assurance. However, during the month of October Mudgee has furnished a rather re markable illustration to the contrary. Nine teen births and six deaths are recorded, but not a single marriage. Fortunately the first mentioned statistics suggest the cheering hope that matters in the matrimonial line must shortly improve, and that the stagnation reported is only a temporary one. So flourishing a quarter as Mudgee cannot afford to compromise its character in any respect. Therefore, let the bachelors, and, above all, the maids of Mudgee look to it, and take care to have no ; further confirmations, even for a month, of my Lord Hamlet's frenzied diettun' that 'there shall be noonore marriages.' ? ..'-;. Concerning the capturing of Captain Young- i husband by the Russians in the Panur,^ and his retention as a prisoner until he pro mised to avoid certain . passes, a measure? that comes perilously near to being a cosusbdli, there is by last mail some curious preliminary information. It seems that for years Eus sians and English, the latter having Afghan aid, have Ween t endeavoring to explore lad prevent each ^-ther from , exploring .the Pamir passes. In 1889, a Captain Gromtchevski, after he had nearly traversed the whole length, of them, was stopped and Bent back by Colonel Nisbet» the British Resident ia Cashmere. Grointchevsk* in ids account^ the affair declared he was' within an ace of starring when his progress -was barred and {according to the Times) he drew 'a not unnatural contrast between -..this treatment and the hospitality shown to him by a diBtini ^uisbed young traveller, Captain Youoghueband^ at Eflehgar.*'* The same authority thus Temar!» on recent incidents; * '* CTfcatfaot it «h *tf» fa giv« tu« cUtaai&tf; ted Il^^i^leraife' »ay ?.:!»,- $&&&&; Vie ? $M. Qb&a;&fc; igxatninecL talto»st unchalleii&ea;, the m&st-; impor 4St;; -'stftte^c . passeB aiid points alott^ the: kwtbem faee ' of the Hi»a»» Koosh . jnouiitains,, juid hj§. farther progress oVer compariuiT*ly trell-' J3JOTTO grotuid cotBd hardly bare put liiiii ia possession' «f '? 9117. heir facts . of - impertance. More* ?Visr^ ire; Jiaye recently estfcbliBfyJd fortified posts ajJ yarioafl joints whicli give access f»m the Oxosfiig^r lanQs to the Talieys of Cashmere ; while the still niore re oGnl;iistrengtheniiig'of the British garrison at Gilgit is a \- vteasaxe 'on which it is far safer to rely than the . voia hope of keeping our Asiatic rivals ia' perpetual ignorance of ? Himalayan topography. - ; - . ' V The'robbery from a train, reported to-day, 'was evidently a more business- liice procedure than t|iat attempted stoppage of the mail coach up Albury way. It was decided- that the man whjiise behavior so startled the occupants of the coach was only a foolish practical jokist, but very properly ,he did not get off scot free, but had to pay for his joke to the tune of JB2Q, Mayhap, the fellow who laid hands on the bag and waterproof coat in' the railway carriage, where they, had been left by their owner while he got out for a . f ew #&oments;, was only joking, too. But, as he was -found on the platform, and with the articles in his possession; his case will be too fatally identical with that of the joker in a well-known story, who, when he protested that it was in such a/character that he had appropriated a side of bacon, was re minded that he had carried his joke too far. It used to be firmly believed of the Britons by their lively neighbors across the channel that at the season when the fogs became more dense ' in* their island, a large percentage of them were sure '-to commit suicide. It is to be feared tnat in this country there is a better foundation for the idea that associates a certain season of the year with an increase in the num' ber of those unfortunates who are guilty of self-slaughter. At the first glance it would indeed seem that a batch of suicides re ported from Melbourne were to be regarded as another melancholy confirmation of the notion that such acts are among the inevitable sequels of the great Australian carnival. There were five suicides in all ; but it appears that the fact of their oc currence so soon after the racing event of the year was only a curious coincidence, and that not one of them, so far as has been ascertained, was the result of misfortunes in relation with the turf. 