THE ADVENTURES OF THREE! SAILORS. TOLD BY DANIEL SMALL, ONLY MATE Br W. Cr-AKt hcell, Aatnor of "The Wreck of tbe Groireanr," "A Sea Queen, w "T>,e Golden Hope," etc., etc. from " scott;!! xighw." Out vewel rz a Jittlo Kris nxrr,e<l the Hindoo llerchznt, and vro uiied on a day io March in the year of our Lord 1W7 from Triocomalee lo Calcutta. The captain, rritof the ship's company nativca. Though we were " flying light," a the term fa— (hat is to ray, though there wm hltle more in the ship's hold than Wlaat, and thou-h she had tolerably nimble heels, lor what one might term a coantry- wallah,— yet the little ship was in botfcertd with head winds and light airv, acl long day of stagnation, that we hvl been several week afloat before we managev u» crawl to the Xorrard of the Andaman pxralJe'.v, which yet left a long atratcb of waters before ca. If this remainder of the ocean ws_« not to be traveled more fl«tly#than the apxce we had already measures, then it was certain we should' ly? rur.iiior thort cf water many a long while before the Sind- beads came within the cornpiAi of oar borizon. and Ut proridc ag.'iijiet the most horrible eitoatton that the erca- of a ahipcan 6od th'emtelvcs placed in, we kopc a bright lookout for vessel, and withio four days managed to »pafc two ; Lnt they had no Water to srre. and we pushed on. But within three days of oor speaking the Mcoorl of the two vessels we sighted a third, A large barque, which at once backed her topsail to oar signals, ami hailed us to know what we wanted. My captain, Mr Roger Blow, stoo-i on in the miz/en rigging aod aaked for water. They asked bow moca we needed : fptain Mow responded that whstercr thev could snare Would be a Godsend. On iFji. they sang out, " Jknd a lyaxt whh a cask, and you ahallbave what w e can afford to jrart with." Captain Blow then told me to pot an eighteen-gallon cuk in the portnarter boat, and go away to the barfpte with it. ' They'll not fill it," said he, " but a half'll befcettcrthan a quarter, and a quarter'!! If: good enoazh, for we stand to pick up more »» gO.long." 1 karl called to two of the English railors, Darned Mike dackeon and Thomas Fallows to get into the Doxt, when (he cask hail been placed in her, and when i bad entered her the darkey lowered u ; wa unhooked and shoved ofl. There was a pleasantbrcezc of wind blowing , it Men-hot as though it came straight from the inside of in oven the door of which had been uddvnly opened ; the sky had the sort of glazed dtmncia of the human eye in fever; outright overhead it was of a copperish dazzle where the roasting orb of the sun was. i could not see a speck of cloud anywhere, which rendered what followed tne more amazing to my mind for thcxaddconcs ofit. \- - Tbe two vetteis a the lint of their speak ing bad Lc«! tolerably close together, but iotnc time h wl been tpont in routing up the Cask and yetting it into the boat mm setting outselrcs afloit, so that at the moment of our shoving ofl— spite of the topsail of each vessel being to the mwt — the apace had widened Iwtweea them, till I dareAay it covered pretty nearly n rml«. The wind was at west-nor'-wcat, and the harejue Irt'o on the lec-quarti-r of the Hindo Merchant. The great heat ptu Lngour into the arm of our two tea men, and the oars row and fell slowly and weakly. Jackson said to me, " I hope," aays be, " they'll l/e able to etrc tis a hitc of ship's bread. Ourn is no bet tor thin saw. dust, and if it wasn't for tbe worms in it," taid he. 44 blast me if there'd be any nutri ment in it at all. Thcin Cingalese ought to ha' mooted their island off the Chinee coost. They'd have grown rich with teaching the Johnnie more tricks tluvn they're m»ater of at plnndcring sailors." "The Hindoo Merchant's bread isn't up to much, Fallows," said I ; but this i r. no atmoaphere to talk of bread in. What's aboard 'H cairy ns to thu Ilooghly. it is water we have to fix our minds on. We dre alongside of the tall barque, and tbe master, after'lookingover the ml, asked me to step aboard and drink a glass with him in tits cabin, 'for,' says be, "this ia 00 part of the ocean to he thirsty in," and he then gave direction for the cask to be got out of thu boat, find n drink of ruin und Water to be handed down to the two sea- mm. I stepped into the cabin, and tho captain put a bottle of brandy nnd some cold water tin the table. If« asked rno several quos- iioos about the brig, and bow- long we were out, and where we were from, and the like, Md one thing leading to another, he hap pened to mention tho town he was U>rn In, _ which waj my native place too— Anhi'ord, tha county of Kent— and here was Sow a topic to set us yarning, for I knew aome of his friends, and he knew some of srtnc ; and the Calk seemed to do him so much good, whilst it was so agreeable to me, that neither of us seemed in "a hurry to end it. This is tho only excuse I can oifer for lingering on the barque longer than circumstance proved 1 ought to have done. At last I got up und said I must lie off, and I thanked him moat kindly for his obliging reception of me, and for his good- mm io supplying the brig with water, and 1 cave bitn Captain Blow's compliments, ana desired to know if wc could accomodate "him in any way in return. He answered ''nothing, nothing, '1. stepping through the i hatch aa he said it, and an instant after lie Mt up Ida throat In a cry. , 14 You'll liavo to bear a hand almrd," says he, with a lace of astonishment ; ' look vender 1 Ti rolling down upon your brig like smoke." He pointed to the vessel, and a little way post her 1 spied a long lino of white vapor no higher than Hover cliff as it looked, but as derwe as those rock of chalk ,um.. The buu rnado steam of it, bat already it was putting a likeness of it own blankncss into the sky over it, which ucmcd to he dying out, as tha vnpar camo along, as the light perishes in a look ing-glass upon which you breathe. I rmt to 'the side and o»w my liout. tinder tho gang- way and the two men in her. The c.-uh wrut in the item of tho boat. Tho inavtcr of lite 'barque cried out to tne, " Will you not stay till that smother clears. , Yoo may lose your brig in it." J replied : " No, sir, thank you, 1 will take my chance. It ia more likely I should lose her hy re maining here," and with n flourish of the bend I dropped over the ride ami entered the boat, "/sow," cried I, "pull like the devil, men." They threw their oar« over ond fell to rowing fiercely ; but thn barque was not five cables Icogth astern of us wjicn tiio Urat of the wbit4 clilT of vapor smote tho Hindoo Merchant, and sho vanished in it like a star In a cloud. There was a fresh brcczo of wind behind that Jinu of swuoping thick- new, and in places, at tho !mo of themaMof blenVncHs, it would dart out in swift racings of nhndow that marie one think of tho feelers of sortie gigantic marine spider probing under its cobwebs as though feeling its way along. Jnafuw minutes tho cloud drove downoverns with a loud whistl ing of wind, and thu water close to the boat's slue ran in short, small seas, every head of It biasing j but to within tho rnugo of a biscuit tosa alt was flying, glistening obscu rity, with occasional hursts of dcrmur thick nesses which almost hid one end of the lxmt from the other. It was nlmnl six o'clock in , the afternoon, atid there might bo yet another hour of sunshine. ! 'Vast rowing !" says I, presently, 44 you msy keep the oars over, but there's no good in pulling short of keeping her head to wind. This is too thick to la»t." . 4'Alu't so sura of that," says Fallows, taking a stow look round at the euiothor, 44 I've boon in theso hero sons for two days running iu wcitther nrter this pattern." 41 1'ity we didn't stay abouru thu barquo," saya Jackartn. ' 44 A plague on your pities I " I cried. 44 1 kuow my duty, I believe. HuppoHo wo had stayed aboard tho barque, wo Hlood tube separated from thu lirig in this brcczo und tnnekineas, and was her skipper by-and-by going to tail In search of the Hindoo Mer chant!" , 44 A gun ! " cries Fallows. '4That'll be the brig.'.' says I, catching the dull thud of tbe explosion of a uine-pouuder , whloli the Hindoo Merchant carried on her qnsrterdeijk. . , . . . , 44 Seems to tnc ns tliniigh It sounded from yonder," says Jackson, looking away over ' the starboard beam ol the boat, V. What have ye there, men!" says I, | neddinz at a bundle of canvas under the amidibjp thwart. 44 hip' l>r«rxd," anixtrnl Jockvm, with a note of lulkineaa in his voice. "It wu here? to o on my asking for a bite. She was liberal barque. The caik's mor'n three quarter fail." We bang upon our oar htUming aivl waiting. There was afecond gun tea miaatee after (he firat had been fired, aod that wu the Lst we heard. The report wsa thm and distant, but wheUier ahead or astern I could not have guessed by hearken ing. I kept up my own and endeavored to impiric the bexru' of :oe others by saying that tbufoz, which hvl corne down in a moment, would end in a rnorncoMhat it was ail clear »kv above, with plenty of moonlight for ui in the night if it should happen that the sun went down upon « thus, that Captain Blow was not going to lose ua and hit boat ai.d the cask of treth water if it was in ajo;tAl aearnxm-hip fo hold a revel in one situation ; but tr.e fellows were r.oi to be cheered, lucre epiritt r-xnk and (heir fxcts grew longer u the corr- plczion of the fog to! i us that the sun was sinking (at, and J own that when it came at fast to his setting, and no break in the flying vapor, and a blackness m of ink atoxhng into it out of the swift tropic dust, I rnytoif felt horiblv dejected, greatly fear ing chat we had taii the brig for good. Just l.-fore the Last of the twilight faded out or tiio sm-ke that xhrnuded u». we Itsbed lioth our Oars together, and attach ing them to the boat's painter, threw tbern overboard and rode to thern. Our thirst being withon: a dipper to drop into triecw.k —we rank a handkerchief through the bong- hole -m i wrung it out in the half of a cocoa- nut shell that wm iu tho boat a a baler, and by this mean procured a drink each man. Grateful to God indeed w u I that we had fresh vi'r with u«. I Ivcat the cask and gathered by the sound thai it wa» more than palf full. Ile-aren was bountiful, too, in providing u.s with biicuit. It ha/l len the. luckiest of thought on Jackson's part, thorigh he had deairoi nothing more ttsan to obtain a relish for hi own nations of buffalo hump aiword. I never remember tbe lifers of the pitch darkr.ea. of that night. There was a moon, pretty nearly a foil one. if I re collect aright ; but had she been shining over the other side of the world it wonhi have been all the same. Her delicate silver beam could not pierce the vapour, and never once did I behold thu least glistening of her radiance anywhere. There vu a constant noise of wind in the dense thickness, and an incessant rectbing and crackling of waters running nimbly, so that though wc would from time to time Inml oor ears iu the hope of catching the rumingand pouring noise of the sea divided hy a ship's stem, wo never could hear more than the whistling of the breeze ati'i the lapping of the hurry ing little surges. There wax adeal of fire in the water, and it &xme; and went in sheets like the reflection of lightning iniornuch that we might have Ldievud ourselves in the heart of an electric storm ; hut happilv the wind never gathered ft much weight as to rai«o a troublesome sea, and though the boat tumbled fmktly sho kept dry and there was nothing iu her movements to render rue I told the I wo fellows to lie down in the bottom of the boat, aud I kept watch till I reckoned it wo drawing on to ai«ut one o'clock in the morning. Twice of thrice during that long ami wretched vigil there seemed a protniso of the weather clearing, and I gazed with the yearning of tho shipwrecked ; but regularly it thickened and blackened down upon us again hi biait» like the belching of a three- deckers broadside. It was a very watery vapour, and I wan culy wet to tbe skin. At about one o'clock, as I calculated, I awoke Jackson, and bid him keep an eager lookout and not to spare bis ear in putting it against the night, " for," says I, ' there's nothing to l»e ijnno with the eye ; it's all for tii'.- hearing at such a time as this, mate. And what you can't watch for you must liitcn for; and wake me up to any sound you may hear, that our three throats may hail together. Oh God," says I, 44 if it would tiiiii and show tire brig within reach of our shouts!" With that 1 lay down and was soon fust asleep, being worn out with excitement and grief, and when I awoke it was daylight, for there's hut little dawn off tbe Andaman ; the sun in those seas leap on to the horizon into the night n it were, and flashes it into day in & breath. Jt was still thick und troubled weather, but clear to alKiut two mile from the sielc of the boat. 7'hcrc was very little wind, and a long swell of the color of lead was running from the southward. The vapor had broken up, and lay in masses round about us — loiig, white twisted folds of it. like jwwder smoke after a great battle; nnd to the top of those hear; of thickness lite ky sloped ir. a sort of grey snadow, with a little pencilling here and there of eoinc small livid ring of mist, which looked stirlcs, as though what air there was blew low. Tnete was nothing in right ; we strained our gaze into every quarter, hut J say there wob nothing to he seen. This innate jnc to the heart. 1 had hcen in my time in several situations of peril at sea, but had never yet experienced the horrors of an open Ixi-'ifc unii'Ut, a vast waste of waters, such as was tins Bay of Bengal with the Andaman islands tome hundreds of mile distant, and a nrar menace of roasting heat when tho wide urey atrutcii of cloud should have puscd away and laid Lire the sun's eye of tire. Wc gazed with melancholy faces one a. another, 41 What's to bo done!" says Fallows, bringing Ihs bloodshot eyes from tho eca to my nice." 44 If wc had a sail to set we might have a chance." 4 There aro two oars," said I, 44 fcr a inaet and a yard, und our shirts must furnish a sail." ' 44 Hut how aro wo to head ?"wiys Jackson. 41 Right afore the wind, X iiinposo," says I ; "thcre ll D» no ratcmng with the rags, we're going to hoist. Right afore the wind," 1 nays ; 44 and we intra t trust to God to keep us in view till something heaves in night — which ir pretty wclll»ound to happen, X suppose, when there comes some wind Along.1' 1 opened tho canvas |iarccl, nnd found a matter of thirty biscuit— all very iiwcct, good bread. Wu took each of us a piece, und followed on -.villi a drink, and then went to work to gut our oars in. Wuull three wore shirts, and we stripped them off our hackH and cut them to liu open. 1 had a little circular ctrahion of stout pin in my pocket, such as u rniior might carry, nnd with thcin wo' brought thu Mitturca of the nhirtH together, niul lastenud thu corners to ono of the oars hy yarns out of an end of painter wc cut off; then atepned the other oar, and secured it witli another piece of the painter. And now we had a sort of call, the tncro sight of which even was n small satisfaction to ui, since tho shirts, l>e!iig white, they most needs make a good mark "upon tho water— sornothing'nfii to bo miiraud, unless wilfully, by a passing vessel. Tho morning nisicd nwny, nnd a little after 12 o'clock I lie water in tho south wo darkened by tho brushing of a wind, which drove thu hovering masse of vapor before it ; and presently they hail totally iliMp- p-wircd, leaving a sky with rents and yawns of blue in places, and a clear glass-UUo circhi of horizon, iiKm which, however, there wan nothing to ho scon. The boat moved slowly before tho wind, which blew hot ns a desert breeze. I steered, and Jackson and Fallows sat near mo, ono or the other frum tiino to timo getting on to n thwart to tiko a view of thu ocean, under the sharp of Ids hand. In tide furiiioii pasted thn afternoon. Tho night uauiu with a dual of fire in thu water, and a very clear moon floating in lagoons ot velvet softnuHa betwixt tho chimin. Thn weather continued quiet; the long swell made a plruiiniit crtullu of tho licit, nud tho night wind being full of dow, breathed refreshingly ujion our iiot cheeks ; whilst our curs wore Hootlied by tho rippling nol»? of tho running waters which Kccmod to cool tho senses a tho brcczo did tho houy. It wan almost i dead calin, however, at daybreak next morning. The atmo snhoro was clone ami heavv, und tncro was a strange, strong smell of sea weed, rising off tho ocean, which caused me to look narrowly nliout, with somo dim ; dream of perceiving laud, though I should have known tlioro was no laud for leagues and leagues.. Whilst wo wero munching a UscuU, I observed an nppcarnnco of iitcain. liftiug off the wator, at a iliatanca of about half » mile on tho starboard side of tho boat. Tho vapor: camo out of tho wator in tho abapo of cork-screws, spirally working, aad they molted at a height of perhaps 10 or 16. fsot I counted live of theee singular miraicni. Jsekcon ?»id that they were : fragment ofrnirt, ar.d we might loo«c oat for ttch another thicknera x« hd lost us tbe brig. Fallows Mid, " So ; tlrat'i no mist raxto ; that is is gi»l »t«.-ici as ever blew cut of a kettle. An: there place where the water tails in this here ocean." As he said these words on extraordinary thrill fwi tbrocgb the taat, followed by a toand that seemed more like aa intel lects! sensation than real noise. Wh -t to compare it to 1 don't know ; it wo as thoagh tt had thundered under the sox. An inUnt Uter, up from the part of the water where the corkwrew appearances wcra, ro-w. a prodigious body ol steam. It soared without sound from the deep ; it was bilkon-shaped, but of mountainous proper- 44 A sea-nexke !" cried Jickvon. ".Stand by for the rollers." ! Bat no sea followed. I could witness no commotion whatever in the water; the light, long iweli Sowed placidly into the bxe of thi max of whitcueu, nd there wai nothing Inside visible on the breast of the cea, save the delicate wrinkling of the weak draught of air. Very quickly the vapor thinned a steam does, ar.d a it melted off the surface it disc!ocd to our astonished gaze what at first seemed to me the fabric of a great ship ; but after viewing it for a moment or two, I distinctly made out the form of an old-fashioned hull with the half of much such another hull a. ri»<. alongside— ta-.h apparently iocVci together about th»? taw and they seemed to be supported bv some huge gkm:ng black pLtlorm ; but what it was we could not tell. The three of cz drew a deep breath a we surveyed the flatting objects. The steam was gone ; there they lav plain and tare : it wo. a.i though the wand of a magician had touched the white moM and transformed it 44 L)own wi'th lhesail," eayfi X. " there's sOTnething yonder worth looking at." U'e got the oars over aud pulisd ir. the direction of the fabric. A wc approached X could scarce credit the evidence oi my own sight. The fortn of one of tbe vessel wo per'ict. .She was of an antique build and belonged to a period that I reckoned was tally eighty y«,ra devl and gone. The other —tee half of her, X should say— showed a much bluffer bow, and iiad been a vessel of some burthen. But the wonder wa the object on which they rested. This w« no more nor less than tie body of the treat dead whale ! We first needed to lose something of our amazement ere we could reasonably spec- late upon what we eaw ; then bow this hod happened grew plain to our minds. The two craft, God knows how many long year before, had been iu action and foundered in conflict. The smaller vessel— 1 mean the one that lay whole before ns, might have been a priratecrsman ; she had something oi a piratical sheer forward ; there were no signs of a mast aboard cither oi them, one ha/1 grappled the other to board her, I dare say, and they had both gone to the bottom linked. The vessel, oi which only half remained, may htve broken her tack in settling, and by-and-by thn after part of her waste i away leaving the dead tans still gripped by tbe dead ' enemy alongside. - But how came the whale there ? Well, we three men reasoned it thus, and I don't doubt we were right. At the moment of the tea/jnake the whale wu stemming steadily towards the two wrecks resting on the bottom. They were lifted by the explo sion, which at the same titne killed tbe whale ; but the impetus of the vast form slid it under ths lifted keels where it came to a stand. A dead whate floats as wc know. This whale being dead was bound to rise and the buoyancy of the immense mass brought the twocrutt up with it, and there they were( poised by th gleaming surface of the while, which was depressed by their weight, so that no portion of the head, tall, nr fluke was visible. 44It's ".hem vessels being connected," ray Jackson, "aa keeps them afloat. If what holds them together forrard was to part they'd slide off that there slipperineas and rink." > Wo rowed close, the three of us greatly marvelling, as you may suppose, for never had the like of such an incident n thra hap pened at sea within the knowledge of ever a one of us, anil FiUuws alone wk« a rnau of fivc-and-forty, who had. been using the ocean for lltirty-ihrcc years. It was as scaring aa the rising of a empze out of the depths ; a scaring a if that corpse turned to and spoke when hi head showed —to see iho-o two vessels lying in the day light after eighty. aye, and perhaps a linn- dred years of the green rilcncc hundreds of fathom deep, locked in the sirne posture in which they had gone down, making you Almost fancy that you could hear the thunder of their guns, witness the flashing of cut- lae, and the rush of the taardcra to thn hitw.-irki amidst a hurricane note of huzzaing and shrieks of the wounded. They were not b of thcmliandsomcly crusted with sheila, not of the barnacle sort, but each as you would pick up anywhere in Ceylon or the Andaman, tome of them finely colored, many of thetn white as milk, of a thousand different jiattern ; and mere was not oiio of them but what was beautiful. "Let's board her," says Jackson, "Ah, but if that wlialc be alivo !" says Fallows. "No fear of that," said Ij 4,if ho was alive there'd bo aotnu stir in him. The whale's not tho danger ; It's iiio lashing which may part at any moment. It should ta in a fair way' of rottenness after so many years of salt water, and if it goes the vessels go." ."I'in for boarding tier all tho came," says Jackson. But first of, all we pulled out to betwixt the taws of the craft to sco what It was that connected thetn, and wu then found that they wcro held together by something stronger than an old grapnel. The bluff of tho hown camo together like walls cemented by sand nnd shell, and it was easy by a tnern glaneo to tKrceive that they wcttlil hold together whilst tbe sea continued tranquil. Betwixt their keel wan a hollow which tho ruitnd of tho whale nicely filled, and tlrera they ail three lay, very slowly and solemnly rollirg upon the awcll in an deep u silence as ever they linil risen trom. Wo hung npon our oarn speculating a- wbHe, and then HI to talking ourselves into extravagant notion. Fallow raid that if sho hud been a privateer sho might have morrey in her, or some purchase anyway worth coining at. I wan not for ridiculing tho fancy, ami Jackson gazed at thu cruft with a yearning eye. 44 Let's get aboaid," said he. 44 Very well," wiyn I, nnd we ogrccd that Fallows ulinuld keep in tho taat ready to pick us up, if thu hulk should go down euddculy under us. Wc easily got ataiird. From the gunwaio of otir boat wu could place our hutids upon tho luvcl of tlio deck, where tho bulwarkii were ,f'<?uc, and tho shells wcru like miips to our fect. There was nothing tr.ucli to tie such, howevor. Tho deck wcro coated with hIicIIh ns the shlo were, and they went flush from the tallrail to the eyes with never a break, everything Doing clean gone, Having the lino of tho hatches which showed in hliglilly raised Mpiarcs, under the cruet of shells that lay everywhere like 4' tard V cricri Jackson, 41 what would I give for a chopper or piek-axc Ui smash open that there hatch, ac u to gut itraido ot her." 4 Inside of her !" aays 1 ; Why, sliu'Jl bo full of water." 41 That's to lie proved, Mr Small," says he. Wo walked forward into tho taws, and clearly made out the sliapo of a grapnel thick with shells, with its claws ujion tlio bulwark rail of thu half-ship alongside, und there wtui a line stretched Ikrwcuu, belayed to what might have leen a kevel on a stanchion of tho craft we wcru In. Tide rope was as lovely as a piece of fancy work, witli tiny sliulls ; but on my touching it, to bcu if it was taut, it parted a If it had been formed of smoke, and each end foil with a littlo rattlo ugahrat the sidu ob though it had been a child's siring of heads. Wowerc gaping ataut ns, almost forgetting our dlitrcasud situation in contemplation of these astonishing object which had risen hko ghosts from tho niytttorious heart of tiio deep, when wo heard Fallows calling, and on our runuhig to tho side to learn what ho wanted, we saw him standing up In tha boat, tiointhig like a madman into, the southward. It was the whito canvas of a vessel, elearor to ns than tn him, who was lower hy somo.feot. The air was still a weak draught, hut the sail was rising with a nimblottcsii that maiio tm know she was bringing a brcczo of wind along with- hor, and in naif an hour's tuno fiho had ri«en to tiio black line of hor bulwark's rail, dlsclos- tog th fabrio of what was sppAteatly a brig or tarqae, heading almost dead on ner end Jock'on and 1 at once tumbled into the j tail, but we wereoirefnl to keep her close j to tire two crafts, ar.d the amazing platform they floated ori, for the / furnished out a I show that wu not to be mined aboard the j approaching vessel, wherex the taat tnus » I make little more than a speck though bat j haif-a-mile distant. The breeze the verael : ; was bringing along with her was all about | . u presently with a tbrcst of wet and of i i weight in it. We stepped an oar, with the j shirts atop, and they blew out bravely, and' made a gorri signal. j "Why, see, Mr Small !" cries Jackson, on a ttnblen, " ain't she the Hindoo llcr- I stood awhile, ar.d then joyfully ex- j claimed : I "Ay, 'tie the old booker, herself, thank be to God." i I knew by her abort foretop-gallant mast, by her chequered band, and by other signs clear to a sailor's eye, arjl the three of u bent up a shout ot delight, for it was like stumbling npon oot's very home, a it were, after having tat» all night lost amidst the blackness and snow of "the country where one'. hou«e standi. .She came along handsomely with foam to the hawspipe, thank to the freshening breeze, arid her main royaland topgallant sill clewing up as she approached, for our signal h.vi been seen ; then drove close alongside with her topsail aback end in a few minute wc were- Aboard, shaking hand with Captain Blow and all other who extended a flt to us, and spinning oor yarn in response to the eager question put. 44 Bat what have you there, Mr Small V say Captain Blow, suring at the two craft and the whale. 1 explained. 44 Well," cries he, "call me a mwrionary if ever I sawsnch a sight as that afore ! Have ye boarded tbe vessel?"' pointing to the oue that was whole. . 7 Yes," said. I, 44 but there's nothing but shell to look at." 44 Hatches open ?" said he. 44 No," say I, 44 they are as securely cemented with shells as if the stuff had been laid on with a trowel." Jackson Fallows, the boatswain, and a few ol the darkeys stood nrar, eagerly catching what we said. 44 A wonderful sight truly ! " said Captain Blow, - surveying the objects with s face almost distorted with aatosishmeot and admiration. 44 How many years will they have been arieep under water, think ye, Mr Small ! " "A1U hundred, air," says I. 44 Ay," eays he, 44 I've seen many prints of old snioe, and III allow that it's all a houdred, u yoa cay, sines she and the likes of aha vu afloat. Why," cries he, with a sort of a nervous laugh, a if bsliaihamed of what he was about to ray, 44 YVhos to telt bat that there may he a chest or two of treasure stowed away down in her Lzerette ?" . 44 That very idea occurred to me sir," hays J. 44 By vour pardon, capt'n," here inter rupted .Jackson, knuckling his forehead, 44 but that may ta a question not hard to settle, if ye ll send me aboard with -a few tools." Tbe captain looked as tf he hod a mind to entertain theidea, then scutaglancetowiml- ward. ; 44 .Shell ta full of water," said I. 44 Aye." said the Captain, turning to Jackson, 4,'how then?' 44 We can but lift a hatch and look for ourselves, sir," answered the man. 44 Bight," says the captain, " bntyouH have to taar a hand. Get that cask on, board. Any water in it ?" rays he. 44 Yes, air," says I. 44 Than God for the same then," says he. ' But whilst thev were maoreovring with the cask the breeze freshened iu a sudden squall, and all in a minute, as it seemed, a sort of sloppy see wo set a running. The captain looked anxious, yet still seemed willing that the taat ehotihl go to tho wreck. 1 stmt some I -avoirs aloft to furl tbe loose canvas, arid whilst this was doing, the wind freshened yet iu another long-drawn blast that flwept in a shriek betwixt our masts. "There's nothing lobe done," sung out the akippcr, 44 Get that taat under the fall, Jack/Kin ; we must hoist her up." The darkev lay aft to the tackle, and Jackson climbed over the rail with a coun tenance sour and mutinous with disappoint ment. lie had scarcely .-prung on to thu deck wneh wc heard a loud crash like the repoit of it smalt piece of ordnance, and looking toward the hulks I was met in time to see them sliding off the tack of the whale, one on cither side of the greasy, black sur face. Thuy vanished in a breath, and the dead carcisc relieved of their weight seemed to spring, a though it were alive, some 10 or 12 feet out of the seething and simmering surface which had been frothed up hy the descent of the vessels ; the next moment it turned over nnd gave us a view of its whole length — a 00 to 70 foot whale, if the carcase was an inch, with here nnd there the black ecythu like dorsal fin of a shark sailing round it. Jackson hooked a quid oat of his mouth and sent it overboard. His face of mutiny left him nnd was replaced by an expression of gratitude. Five minutes later the old Hindoo Merchant was thrusting through it, with her tioae heading for thu Biver Hooghley, and the darkuvs tying a siuglu reef in the foretop sail. — From 41 Scottish Nights," Glasgow. 