IIYrN OTISM. I wish I had never seen h'm. I wish I didn't always want to know the zeson why. I wish I wasn'tperpetually troubled by an imperti. neut curiosity. Why couldn't I have been con. tent with what I had got in the "Encyclo. Fialia" and "Inquire Within Upon Every. thing r" Why should I be always posing as an intelligent inquirer? It has cost nme exactly ten thousand pounds. I am his only nephew, and I corresponded I with Uncle Boultby ever since he emigrated as a st remgpassenge r seventeen years ago. You see Uncle Buultby had been very kind to me as a boy. He used to take me out fishing with him and give me shillings; that is the kmind of uncle a boy likes. And when Uncle Boulthb was shipped off to America with a single .£5 note in his pocket to take his chance, I believe I wa t the only persen who was genuinely sorry for him. And Uncle Boulthy was quite aware of the fact. The reason of Uncle Boulthy's expatriation was, as grandfather put it, that be didn't know how to say !"NO." Uncle It. was nobody's enemy but his own'-that is to say, he got drunk whenever he had'the chance. For ten years Uncle Boultby worked as a common navvy. In America, you know, you have to workor starve; there are no societies in America, as there are inEngland, for making the life of the working-man beautiful:; it is simply that-work or starve. Then Uncle Boulthy, after ten yeals, had a slice of Iuck; he bought a share an a mining claim, .and in five yearsbe made £10,000. Then he came home, and informed me that I was to be his beir. He had been at home a year; he had had one attack of delirium tremens that btought him to death's door; then, by my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcerated under the IHabitual Drunkards Act. He was discharged as incur able after six months; he began his -old tricks again, and I had reason to believe he would hot last much longer. So I went dorwn to Ply. mouth to look after my Uncle Boultby. I was sitting in a tiret-class carnrage in the Great Western express with an uncorumunica-. tive person in a tweed suit. His luggage was on the rack; it consisted of i Gladstone bag; there was a label on the Gladstone bag. I stood up to read it under the pretence of open 'ing the ventilator. I read the name Professor Tadger. I was rather pleased than ctherwise. "What a lot of information I might hbe able to 'extract from the Professor if I oly went the right way to work. I remarked that it was a fine day. Professor Tadger nodded. I said that there was very little in the paper. Again, the Professor nodded. I tried to get into con versation with him hr the usual devices. I could getniothing out of Ilum butnods. What's ' - the use of being a professor if you don't'pro. fe0s.? Perhaps, I thought,'after all the fellow is just a common conjuror. or a corn.cutter, or a hairdresser. They often call themselves pro fessors. For a wh,lehour the Frotdesor hadd been reading silently a black book in German.. All I could make out was that the author's namewas Moll ; if I had only known Germana I could have found out what the book was about. Suddenly a very extraordiriary thing happened. Professor Tadger began to stare at me mlen excessively rude manner. I .turned rey ees away. When .1 looked gain in his direction he was still staring- staring in a way that made my flesh creep. Was he mad? He frightened me. " Don't look at me like that, sir," 'I cried. "Aren't you well?" and I was about to seize the handle by which you communicate with the guard. "Don't alarm yourself," said :Professor Tadger very suavely; " I only wanted to see if you were susceptible to the iifluence. I fancied that you would make a good subject: so you woulao if you didn't resist:" Then he explained to me that he took a great isiterest in what he called hypnotics. " Ah," I. said laughingly, "you've got a' shbw; if 'it's at Plymouth I'll patronise you.' i'm going to Ilymouth." " So am I," said Professor Tadger; " but I haven't got a show. I take an interest in the thing simply as an observer. I am a biologist." "Do you mean to seriously say that it isn't bosh?" I asked. Professor Tadger only glared at me. "Sleep," he said, very blandly. That's all I remember till I found .myself rubbing my eyes. and seated. on thie luggage rack in front of Professor Tadger, for all the world as if I had been a performing monkey. "Why don't you came down F" saidPro feesor Tadger. '"Do you believe in hypnotism now " It was a very curious thing. I remembered perfectly well our converEstioi up to the point when the Professor had said " Sleep," but I remembered nothing sure. I felt very indig nant indeed, and I came down from the luggage-rack; then I felt for my watch and I felt for my purse. They were all right. "You have played a very unjustifiable trick upon me," I said. " ot at all," said the Professor: "not at all; it was no trick, it was an experiment. I am successful with about SO per cent. of ordi nary subjects." It is not tice to be called an. ordinary sub ject. Then lihe began to talk about hypnotism. I didn't believe half he said at first. "You should get over that feeling," said the Professor. " Hypnotism is a very interesting subject, as you would acknowledge if you had seen any of our experiuments at Oxford. If you had a logical mind, you would see that you didn't get up in the luggage rack, as you did just nosw, of your own free till. That ought to be sufficient to convince you that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were 1 so inclined," he added, with a little laugh, "I could relegate you to the luggage-rack till we reached Ply. mouth." There was no withstanding that argument; I caved in at ontce - , "You see there is nothing wicked or un canny or diabolical about hypnotism," said Professor Tadger: " you should disabuse your mind of any silly idea of that sort. It is a subject we know very little about; but we should approach it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, sooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical tractce. I am not- a doctor; but I have hypnotised a great number of people, and I have often been able to relieve pain. I'll give you instances. A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hypnotise him. There is no mistake whatever about the neuralgia; it has serhaps lasted several days ; the face is swollen. I can rearove a headache in the same way." " I don't like the thing," I said. "There is a good deal too much hanky-panky for me. Besides, I have seen lots of the so-called ex periments, and it always appeared to me that rtae poor devils who acted as subjects were simply accomplices who received payment to make themselves ridiculous." "'That may or may not be the case," said Professor Tadger. " Ilook upon it as a very sad thing that people should be hypnotised for the amusement of their fslloia.men; but there is certainly some good to be got out of hypno tism, and the study of thie subject, the ultimnate benefit of the human race being the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothint like a crucial test," said the Professor. " We are both going to Plymouth. I am stopping at the Royal. Hereis my card.' He gave me a cOrd on which was imeotibed PnoFEsoOn TA1DonOl, - College, Oxford. SNow, I'll tell you what I wtrill do for you. If you will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary individuals between theages of eleven and live.and'forty - old people and young childrent are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestiot as to age-I willshow you a very extraordinary experiment. You shall bring with you a new pack of cards in its wrapper. I will hypnotise one of the subjects. You shall selet a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the card in the hand of the subject, back towards him; I will tell him that it is a photograph of, say, ths Prince of Vales. He will obe~y my 'suggestiUon,' which I make in a sufticently nuthiritative manner, aid he will agree that it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales; and to'him, i mse to uuderstaud, it hbs ceased to be a playing card, an1, after my 'mandatory act,' to Auatdt is a photograph of the Prince of Wales, and tnoliug else. l will direct him to throw it upon the tble. Youshall fling down the rest of the pack, backs upwards, upon it; and, well mixing the cards, you will watch us both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply say to the subject, 'Which of these photographs is that of the Prince of WVales t' He will unhesitatingly select the card originally handed to him." "Professor Tadger," said I, "if you will do that I will believoe all you say-nay, more, I iyill ivee you a testimonial." o'" It is very good of you,", said the Professor; \---- tL tIm am not in need of a testimonial." " Can you tell me," I said, a little severely, 'of any permanent benefit to anybody which has ever been produced by hypnotism ?" "Oh, certainly,"' said the Profeasos, affably; 'there are innumerable recorded cases. I am lot a doctor, as I have told you, but I have cored three habitual drunikards." "The cures took some time, Ishould thinkP" Z remarked, derisively. "One sittiag was enough," replied the Pro fessor, with a smile. "If you do the card trick," said I, "you slhall try your hand on Uncle Boultby." The Professor expressed his readiness to undertake what he called "the experiment with the playing-cardsle," and suddenly took an Immenseaiterest in Un'lo loultby. We roeached Plymosu h. I went to roo Uncle Boultby. My uncle's doctor told me he didn't think he would pull through. The same even Ing I called uipon the Professor with three "subjects," chlosen haphazard. The Pro fessor's triumph waes complete. Theexperiment with the plaing-clils came off at the first time. I tok tthe l'rfssor straight over to Uncle Bouitby's place. Uncle Boultby was very bad indeed-he didn't even recognise me; he called me Julius Cracsar. And whet I introdluced the Professor, my poor uncle said," Oh, Professor Pepper, of czurse. I hope he hasn't brought his ghost." Professor Tadgier stared at him rather sternly. "Sleep." he said, in a firm voice, 'Sleep " Thlere were no passe--no hanky. panky of any kind. c .Uncle Boultby's head dropped back, and he ?ent off as sound as a house mn an instant. " Open your eyes andlisten to me," said the Professor, in an awful tone. Uncle lBoultby opened his eyes, and the Pro fessor shook his forefinger at hium. "WVhen you wake," continued Professor Tadger, "you will hate all kinds of wines, spirits, or fermented drinks; the smallest quantity sill make you horribly sick. You will turn teetotaller! Wake:" added the Pro fessor--"wake"'' Uncle Boultby did wake as though from a refreshngsleep. '" 1 wish you good evening," said the Professor. "I hope you'll get better." Then he marched out of the room and I haven't seen his face since. Uncle Boultby did get better-he got well; he turned teetotaller; he ate his Christmas dinner with us. There was just a little brandy in the pudding, which we had forgotten. ?t made Uncle toultbhy horribly ill. Uncle Boultby is going to be married 'to morrow. I am going to the wedding. 1 feel as if I were going to sny own funeral. If it hadn't been for my cursedl cutosity about hypnotism, I should have been the better by £10,090. As for Professor Tadger-bother Professor Tadger:'-~- . Jt,,,e's fractter. 