NOTES AND THOUGHTS ON A JOURNEY. [By Kahl Van Damme.] No. VII. This will be a chapter of small talk. A Turkish bath.- —Well, almost every person in Melbourne knows what a Turkish bath is, but there may be some who have no exact idea of what it ought to be. Feeling that way inclined I strolled into Hammams' one day, paid my dollar, and got a ticket. The proprietor is black, his clerks and atten- dants white. As a preliminary I had to enter my name and wherefrom in a register, and watch and money were deposited in a safe. After that I was ushered into a spacious saloon with beds ranged in two rows, and a set of cabinets curtained off for dressing rooms. Into one of these I was shown by an attendant who assisted me to undress (as subsequently he did to dress) and conveyed me past a swimming basin about 40 feet by 12 and four feet deep, into the hot-room, which - and mark that, my Melbourne friends — was not arranged like an oven, but had a handsome carpet, a table in the centre with newspapers, and suitable chairs placed around it. Shortly after taking my seat, a cold wet towel was put on top of my head, the idea being that the lower parts of the body require heating but not the brain, and this towel was periodically renewed. With the same view a foot-bath with hot water was brought in and it was surprising how hot I could stand it. Now if there is any thing I like more than a Turkish bath, it is a Russian one, which seems to me about a hundred times more effective, but, unfor- tunately, I cannot stand it long enough, having some difficulty to breathe the hot steam for any length of time. Therefore Hammams' suited me precisely. I could go from the Turkish into the Russian, got boiled five or ten minutes, and return to the congenial Turkish atmosphere. After that the massage, the soaping, the scrubbing, the ' shower and the swim, but, my good Mel- bourne operators, massage does not consist in sounding smacks with a flat palm — that is only make believe — it consists of genuine rub- bing and manipulation of the limbs; a few good strokes on the soles with a thick bunch of fine fresh twigs, well soaked, is a very excellent thing too. Being asked whether I wished nails and corns examined I con- | sented, and an artist belonging to the es- tablishment brought a case of instruments wherewith he operated on toes and fingers to such effect that, when he had finished, I thought it was worth all the money to come from Australia only to find that man. After this I lay down on a bed, a blanket was put over me, and enjoyed half an hour of elysium. Those baths are open night and day, it being understood that when very exhaustive sweating has been undergone, a bather may require many hours to rest and desire to re- main all night. I should imagine, insomnia, amongst other evils, may be relieved by this means. I know I have at times had a twelve hours sleep after a Russian bath, but that was a long time ago. There was only one more customer during my visit, a colored gentleman of twenty-two or so, a very well bred and well made man, whose companionship I found agreeable. Undoubtedly his lips were somewhat large, but his features on the whole were good, nose almost Grecian and teeth my envy all the time. He also had his hands and feet attended to, and having donned his clothes which were correct, he suffered a barber to give a careful twist to the tips of his moustache, made a bow to my humble self, and departed. A light railway. — We are always wishing for light railways in Victoria, and here is one which is light enough. It runs about twenty miles through a thinly populated country to a township which has yet to be built. The road, which has some heavy gradients and violent curves, has been con- structed at a cost of twelve hundred dollars per mile. The rolling-stock consists of a locomotive, a car and a truck. The inter- mediate stations are numerous and might cost about thirty shillings each. Four journeys a day are performed both ways and three young follows run the concern, a stoker, a driver and a conductor, the latter collecting the freight and fares. Tickets are not used. The car could comfortably hold two or three dozen passengers, but last Sunday, when I went out, quite a hundred were crammed into it. On such occasions it may happen that a passengor gets spilt on a bad curve, but that is neither here nor there. "I guess you folks have to wait a bit till I get some more wood" said the stoker, and we waited awhile on the road. Coming back and only able to obtain a foot- ing outside, where I had some difficulty in holding, on, I got rather funky and stepped out a station or two before I reached the terminus, but might just as well have stayed on because she got in all right and spilt nothing. The next day they ran over a little Italian news-runner and cut his head off. Poor boy, he should have been more careful of his head. The jury thought so, too. Mission Dolores—An old Spanish chapel in a suburb of San Francisco. Tram-cars run through a street not far from it. A plain, cheap building with bare beams, bare walls, a wooden crucifix on a wooden altar, rows of unpainted deal benches, a dark, rickety staircase leading to a murky gallery, what is there in all this for a traveller to come and see? Poverty, bad,light, air of ages, per- haps Faith. Four women, all in black, sit silent and apart. It may be the air or the silence, but I feel, as I sit down, a burden on my heart and an impotent desire to be re- lieved. Should I pray. In this dim, worm- eaten church. Ghosts of Spanish soldiers and priests march across me, over me and through me, bloody with the blood of Artecs, laden with delusive gold, hearts ablaze with fiery Faith. Are you from Dante's hell or from his pur- gatory? Away you fearful shadows of a fearful past, away " en el nombre de la Santis- sima Trinidada" for you oppress my soul. A milder race of conquerors has come and Montezumas children are avenged. How the moments pass ! The women are gone. Perhaps they were spooks, I do not like to be alone in a church. There is some- thing in that crazy gallery, I am sure, which is not right. I am unwilling to pass near yon dark rat-haunted staircase to reach the door through which I entered, but I see a smaller one in the side-wall, which lets me out into a grave-yard, to blessed light and I breeze again. But day is waning, death is in the air, and sadness in the deep shadows here. Monuments out of plumb, as if they leaned for rest, weeds rise up to them, creepers hang over them, all grow so rank in the fat human soil. I wander through the paths trying to spell the names which be- longed to the dwellers in this village whose dark chambers are under my feet. In a corner near the mission wall is a family crypt, mouldering and cracked, and, close by, an angel in marble weeps over the dust of Don Luis de Aguiyar, "Primero Gubernatore" of Alta California, under the Mexican rule; and the curious traveller, as he brushes the dust and leaves away, may still trace a re- cord of splendid titles and Christian virtues in the half-obliterated letters on the stone. I trust his Excellency's soul hath gotten grace. A few facts and figures. The new State of Washington has a population of 350,000. A small portion only of its lands is occupied. One half the growth of the Puget Sound district consists of trees which will yield 25,000 feet lumber to the acre. The ap- proximate quantity of this great tract is one hundred and sixty milliards feet. The red fir is often 250 feet high; the pine, 160 feet; the white cedar 100 feet; white oak 70 feet. Cedars have been found 21 feet in diameter and 120 feet high. Trees from 6 to 8 feet in diameter are frequently seen. Some of the logs sawed are of great girth, and some- times 115 feet long. The out-put of coal is over 3,000 tons per day and can be increased indefinitely. It goes without saying that the agricultural lands are not all equally rich, and the following refers no doubt to favored portions: Hops, one to two tons per acre; wheat 60 to 100 bushels; oats, 120 bushels; hay, 6 tons; potatoes, 300 to 500 bushels; beets, and root crops 30 to 40 tons per acre, and so forth. The State has no debt, but, on the con- trary, a nice sum in its coffers. The im- mense works, mostly in progress still, are private or communal undertakings, such as railroads,tramways, telegraphs,water supply, electric lighting and motors, gas, reclamation of land and a host of other works. A day's labor is generally ten hours, but sometimes twelve. Some men who were laborers here a few years ago are now millionaires, living in mansions so rich and handsome that I have never seen the like. There appears to be a perfect equality between man and man, em- ployer and employed. The fact of private individuals conducting works which in Aus- tralia are always managed by the Government may have its disadvantages, but has also this effect that communities and citizens are far more sharp and on the alert here, and numerous instances have shown me very plainly that these large companies, the Northern Pacific and the Tacoma Land, are managed with an amount of wisdom and skill far and away beyond the capacity of any Government based on votes. As with us, schools and education are a very prominent feature; but here the pop- ulation is not taxed to pay for them. The Federal Government vests in School-boards certain lands, as occupation goes on, out of which to draw a revenue for schools, and the result is that the schools are, so far as I know, rich, and can afford to give a splendid and useful education. The Tacoma Univer- sity is built and kept up by the Methodist denomination without any outside assistance, and its handsome pile as it stands on the highest street of the city, forms a great landmark in the midst of most beautiful scenery. Wonderful to relate I have seen several large schools, four and five stories high, sur- rounded by very perfect lawns and shrubs without the least fence or protection of any kind. I could not at first believe that they were schools, the well-kept paths and lawns looking more like the entrance to some high official residence. I almost fancy that a knowledge that all this country with all its public works and institutions belong to them- selves, is so diffused in the very air they breathe,that children respect these paths and flowers as their own, their property, their pride. Last year's expenditure on Washing- ton State schools came very close to one million dollars. They are free, compulsory and secular, but readings out of the Bible are not prohibited. (To be Continued.) 