Topics. Re Sewage Farms — tho manager of the farm condnoted under tho ausphes of the N. S. W. Board of Water Supply and Sewerage reports (for 1890) inter alia as under : — Tho area under cultivation is 4 acres 3 roods, and the orops produced to 31st December, 1890, were 23,500 cabbages, 11 tona turnips, 39 tons lucerne, 58 tons sorghum ; the total amount roceived for same being £198 0s Id. The amount of sludge dredged from precipitating chambers at Inlet Houso was 1565 cubic yards, in addition to which 50 oubio yards was obtained from filter beds ; the wholo of tho sludge was used on tho irrigation beds in growing the above crops. There is a standing orop, available for purohase. value £50. As a beginning this sounds satisfactory. We are convinced that a main factor in the solution of the big sewage-disposal question will be the sewage farm. Still harping anent Bewage farms, we sub join for our readers' edification certain facts and figures concerning the Birmingham (Eng.) sewage farm : Total area 1227 acres, subsoil, gravel and sand, well drained. . About 1 acre of land per week is required for the sludge (supplied from a drainage area the population resident whereon is 650,000.) The effluent from the farm is beautifully clear. The quantity of lime used for precipitation purposes was 4043 tons. Forty acres of wheat wore grown, produoing 30 bushels per acre and 30 owt. straw : 70 acres of oats, 56 bushels per acre, and 25 owt. straw ; 9 acres of peas, part picked for market and the remainder consumed by the stock ; 90 acres of mangolds, weighing 2970 tons, or an average of 33 tona per aore ; 56 acres of swedes. Sixty-eight.aores potatoes produced about 8 tons per aore ; 156 aores cabbages, viz., 58 acres maiden, 71-J savoy, 22 drumhead, and 4-V acres red ; 2 aores onions, 8 carrots, 6 kidney beans,' 6 oelery, fij cauliflower, 10 parsnips, 6 Brussel sprouts, 8 curled greens, and one lettuce. The total proceeds from the vegetable and other crops amounted to £5984.i VOne hundred and ten aores rye grass ;-Tyjjfb& 'produced ah average of 20 tona per aore.;:' TwO iundred aores of grass were mown, whieh produced about 350 tons of hay, 16 aeies vetches, 10 rape, 12 lucerne, and 14j acres of rye. The yield of milk for the year was 133,7,87.;gallons, realising £4092. , The yearly average per cow exceeded 850 gallons. Milk from a sewage farm ! Ahem ! * Because Alderman Ritehie, M.P., refused to again withdraw his resolution about the deep ening of the Parramatta River, Alderman Taylor, M.P., is annoyed, and is now trying to vent his annoyance upon the Lecturer-General who up till now has served him loyally and faithfully, scarcely ever venturing to have an opinion of his own. By-the-bye, what a terror Ritchie is for adjournments. Again he wanted, that Hunt's Creek water supply business put off last Monday, preferring his own opinion about everything to that of Professor Warren's. If Mr. Ritchie had his way in the Council, there would be a perpetual motion about every thing and no finality — an interminable circum locution worthy of the Lands Office.' . If some poor unfortunate ratepayer in Parramatta put one fraction of the nuisance upon his neighbours that the Government are inflicting upon the whole place by making the river f. stinking sewer, the Pf rramatfa l Council would literally drag that ratepayer from Dan to Beersheebi and have him fined or lestrained from bo offending. Why the Government are allowed to pollute the town in the wholesale manner that they do is perhaps due to tho fact that this Council has not the courage to protect the ratepayers and are afraid to move for fear of offending the Works Department, and the member for Parramatta1. « * In piping to the member for Parramatta's tuno, the 'Lighting Irritator ' is wrdrig in stating that country people left out in! the' oold by the proposed Rosehill Extension are ' bestirring thomselves in the matter, and petitions in opposition are being signed at Castlo Hill and in other localities.' As a matter of fact tho people of Castle Hill and Dural are indifferent which way the line comes, so long as it gets out. there. Onco again the Fruitgrowers' Union have determined to do nothing in tho fruit markets question, but to go to sleep for another period and pray in the meantime that they may get tho Mte at Georpe-streot west. There is no possibility of their getting that sito whilo Parkos is in power, and it is open, to question whether any other Promior would grant it. Then why will thoy persist in doing nothing ? Surely they have had enough to complain of already in their trsatmont by tho Government and tho City Council, and isn't it quite time they started to do something on their own account f No wonder growers are complaining of tte impotenoy o* tho Union, and that we bear statements made like that offered by Mr. Georgo Franks at the Union meeting on Saturday, viz : ' That growers were getting sick of it, and would not como any moro to the meetings.' No one is more sensitive of comment on a case which is still sub judice than a Supremo Court judge, and yet on Tuesday His Honor Sir William Windoyer delivered an elaborate judgment on an application for a new trial in the case 'The News' versus 'Tho Star.' Such judgment is published in extenso in the next morning's papers, and bearing as it does on tho salient point in the .declaration, is likely to exert a prejudicial effect on the minds of jurymen who take the trouble to read the judgment. No newspaper comment could possibly do more harm, and without sympath ising with 'The Star' for its allegeme'nts .against ' The Nooze,' we certainly think their cose has been placed at a considerable disadvantage by the publication of Sir William's judcmoLt. ? ' ? , Without disparaging either Suttor or J?razor as sterling exponents of football, wo maintain that to excludo L. Wickham in profoienco to either of those men would have been contrary to all performances. Wickham is head and shoulders above any football player in Parra roatta, and he thoroughly deserves a plaoe in any representative team. *? # ?%, In a despatch to tho Seoretary of State for tho Colonies the Governor of South Australia (Lord Kiutore) has tho impertinence to oxpres3 the hope that tho Northern Territory will ore long havo a copious supply of Indian Coolie lubour and to air tho opinion that satisfactory legislation for that distriot cannot bo looked for from a Parliament 2000 miles distant, composed of gontlomon mainly ignorant of tho conditions of tropioal life and swayed by con itituoncieq having littlo interest in or pre judiced against the methods of the manage ment of tropioal colonies. Kintoro, at the same time, imagines that the Northern Terri tory can be managed satisfactorily by a Bureau 14,000 miles distant, composed of ' a man, Rogers ' still more ignorant than aro average Sosth Australians of tho conditions of tropi cal life, and swayod by influences prejudiced in favor of bringing down white wage? by forcing' a hideous competition between tho labor of tho white man and that of the Coolie, tho Kanaka or the Chiokio ! South Australia ought to decline to anto up.Kintoro's screw any longer, since ho sets at naught its publio opinion and scorns its Parliament from tho ranks of which his responsible Ministers aro recruited. Tho noxt of kin to tho late Mr. Ananias has surely a good action at law against their Honors in Banco, in that they have authorita tively scheduled him as the typical Liar. Should tho next jury in the new trial of the caso alluded to hold with tho last ono (as 'tis quite on tho cards that it will) what will the upshot bo? — or is tho time approaching when the doliberats verdiots of the judges of the faots aro to bo wholly at tho mercy of the judges of tho law ? Thus an advt. in the 'Sydney Morning Herald' :— ' Rov. E. Symonds, of Blaokheath, tan be engaged fcr Sunday or occasioau duty.' Far be it from us to preaoh against the praotioo of advertising, yot wo oan't help remarking apropos of above 'personal' and 'parsonal' par that it doesn't read satis factorily to auoh Anglioan laymen as entertain stiong notions of tho dignity and evangelical ness of the olorioal status. First the Oriental, wont, now a Vandempnian Bank follows cuit, Whioh one will go next? There are some verr queer institutions in the bank category, as well as some vory sound onos. Despite the existence of those that may he fairly scheduled as sound, there is urgent need for a National Bank. *.* We think that Eddy's- thirty months] hard and successful local work has earned him his four months' ' spell.' The eheering faots and figures of his just published report show con clusively that the Colony owes him not acrid reproaches but the kindliest consideration, tho more especially if it be true that his labours herein her service have put him 'off colour.' ? * Eddy's report is deoidedly rough on Whitton's grades. Whitton, you see, hadn't to run the railway goods traffic, only to design the track — and a very second-rate traok he appears to have designed when all's said and done. But law ! when he bossed the engineer ing of the Railway Department, to criticise his plans was looked npon us rank blasphemy. . v Whioh of the Cyrusian 'ghosts' deserves the oredit for having first ventilated (through the Cyrusian jaw bones) tho idea of a Depart ment of Industry ? When wo come to think of it, was it not the advocaoy of a Department of Industries (a slightly different thing from one of Industry) that those bones were made to wag about in '85 ? How interesting would it be were the several Cyrueian 'ghosts' to hold a public symposium and discuss their respective experiences. The Governor shouldhave been advised no* to absent himself from Sydney at :the present extremely critical political juncture. Without meaning any reflection on the genial Jersey, wo can't help expressing the opinionthat it wdu^d be a good thing for the colony were there ia real strong firm man in his Excellency's boot's just now, when at any moment a crisis of quite abnormal severity may be precipitated. From the constitution and public machinery of the Swiss Republic (whose 6th Centenary was commemorated the* other day) this Aus tralian Democracy might learn many a useful' ?wrinkle. There is the referendum prinoiple for instance which we might profitably borrow. It is, however, the economies of Helvetia that we should imitate. She only pays her Cabinet Ministers £480 a piece per annum ! Her army (probably the most efficient, though the smallest, of the. ohief European States) has no highly paid gold-laced Uh-dc-dahs; indeed, its chief .officer's (on permanent staff) receive con siderably less 'screw' than many of our subordinate deputy assistant loafors-general. And it is'thVsame with the Civil Service, with regard to which she acts on the wholesome maximum of no more cats that can catch mice. ???'«* ' ??? . . Why should not the services of the art of Photography be enlisted by Legislation with a view to defeat the tricks and devices of the in siduous contriver of impersonation at election times? If every elector's right bore its holder's photoed phiz, returning-offieers (sup plied with duplicates) would have yet another ohance of bowling out any fraudful skunk who sought to pass as somebody else. ' In the future whenever anyone publicly indulges in enunciating any peculiarly bump tious view in a peculiarly adjeotival ungram matical gushful-grotesque fashion, folks will say of him;— 'Ah, he's been studying the Epistles of St. Cyrus and caught their style ! ' Just so ! Many a public school teacher groan- to him self oh hearing that Carruthers has. '-u i udered Eduoator sportfoliR to the caro of cl ^-fisted Inglis, ? ' Alas ! alas ! ! the reign of cheese paring and paltry fuol-saving economies has re- commenced!' Parkes acted rightly in declining tho absurd request of Nob'bs, Ritchie,' and Dale to the offeot that Government ' Bhould plank down coin towards the expenses, of a Crimean Veter ans' festival. The Crimean. War was a wretohod bungle from beginning to end on England's part, and the less it is commemorated the better. Th'it England's soldiery acted plupkily in it should go without saying. Why if- banquets (Government-subsidised) are to held to com memorate every battle from which a gathering of surviving veterans may be got locnlly to gether, the drain on tho public exchequer will be something serious. Let the Veterans of the Crimea or of Hindostan or of Africa eomraem ate their viotories as muoh as they like and in whatsoever liquors they prefer — but at their own cost. 