THE SCRAP ALBUM. (Open to Casual Contributors. ) Go to Hamilton's for hot pies and coffee on Saturday.* The Primate wiil vi»it the Shoalliaven dis'rict next week. The racehorse Greygown has changed hands at 1200 guineas. Hot pies and coflee, at Mathenius', next to Graham's flour store, Orowa-street.* Osborne and Son, undertakers, have re moved to Oarrington Terrace, Crown-st.* Men's, women's, and children's boots, at sorts and sizes, repaired at P. Kennedy's.* Archdeacon Bentzen, of Mudgee, will preach in St. luichael's Church, on Sunday next. The Wollongong Lawn Tennis Club's ball, on J une 2nd nest, promises to bo a very successful affair. Messrs. T. Littlejohn and J. R. Hill have been elected directors of the A. M. P. Society by large majorities. Nominations to fill the extraordinary vacancy in the Central Illawarra Council, at Unaaderra, at noon, to-duy. Robert Lindsay, captain of tho ketch S. A. Hayward, was Killed in Newcastle harbor on Monday by a spar falling on him. Tho acceptance of tho tondor of II. Reid for tho erection of tho Minuaniurra bridge, on tho road Shollharbor to Kiama, lias boon ynzctted. Mr. J. Trossider, tho minor who was sor iously burned last weok by an explosion of gas in tho South Biilli mine, died on Tues day ni.jht from tho injuries sustained. Tlio Public Works Committee's report on tho proposod oxtonsion ot tho Kiama to No win railway into thu town of Nowra was laid on tho table of tho Honso on Tuesday. Charlio Rodgers, lato of Wollongong, won tho 275 yards professional handicap at Botany on Tuesday. Rodgers startod off tho 1 0 yards mark, and was an ovon monoy favorito. Ghost bridge, at tho bottom of Goard's Hill, is receiving some necessary attontiou from tho roads authorities. Mr. ,T. H. Hubbard and a staff of men aro renewing tha girdors and effecting other ropair?. Tho Victorian Govornmont has censured tho sheriff for his oxtiaordinary conduct in granting irresponsible medical mou ad mission to tho condemned coll on the morning originally fixed for Johnston's oxocution. Tho samo old string of proposed legisla tion promised in tho Governor's speech ! Under tho most favornblo circums'ancos not a half of thom could bo passod into law during tho time ovor which tho full sossion should extend. What is wrong with tho Australian cruisers? Tho Tauranga, which has just undergone repairs in defective parts of hor equipment,- hits again failed on trial. Every cruis»r yet launched has proved defective. Looks as if tho colonies had got a bad bargain on. x £140,000 for a third slisro in a colonial paper is cortainly a good prico, as it means something like half a million as tho value of tho wholo concern. This, wo are in formed in tbe opinion of export account ants, is the value of tho Molbourno Age, of which Mr. David Symo is now sole pro prietor, his nephew, Mr. Joseph Cowan Symo, having sold his third share and vacated his position as tnanagor. In the conspiracy cases at llockhampton, the jury, after boing locked up for the night, could not agroo. On this fact boing reported to tho Judge, his Honor Bpoko at some length, stating he saw no roason to discharge tho jury, tho case being tho simplest he had ever tried. Ho also stated that if this jury did not agree ho would have to empanel another, as In tho absence of tho Attorney-Gonoral he must get a verdict, even if he had to pitch his tent in Rockhampton. Youths and others anxious to improve themselves and to acquire a knowledge of the ' winged art,' as phonography has been very aptly termed, should embrace tho opportunity of joining tho Technical Col lego class, conducted by Mr. H. Rauch. A new term is just commencing, and tho fees are very low. Intending students would do well to send in their namos at once, We understand that some half-dozen of Mr. Ranch's pupils are woll advanced, and already fairly proficient. Mr. W. H, E. Crome, late of Wollon gong, is -evidently making himself very popular at Orange. From the Western Advocate of . a recont date, we note several references to Mr. Cromo's professional ability. At St. Josoph's Church, whero be is organist, he played Handel's ' Dead March in Saul ' as a pleasing tribute to the memory uf tho late Sir John Robert son, and his playing on another occasion was also Bpoken very highly of. 