WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. " No, I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, "but I do believe in the minstration of spirits." This is not the ase nor the country in Avhich the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented Avithout great difficuity, if the land lord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, hoAvever, Avho Avill admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence SAvaying our actions. We are led to do things Ave should not do of our oavii volition — the Avisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then Ave Avonder how we came to do them. We are forced to learn that Avorldly Avisdom is not always that Avhich guides into the Avisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in Avliat they see ; the " evidence of things not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he Avants to get avoII ; he cares little Avhat medical method is em ployed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physi cian, and inquire into his methods of medi cation. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Melbourne Avrites, October 21, 1890: — "Dur ing the past 16 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I Avas fre quently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver Avould bring about a more serious disease. Finally 1" tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any ameliora tion in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note Avliat Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lons dale Street, Melbourne, says : — 30th Octo ber, 1890 — For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often Avith unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs Avere also out of order. In addition I Avas afflicted Avith congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering Avas quickly removed Avhen resorting to Warner's safe cure, of Avhich I took four bottles, Avhen the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys Avere restored to healthy action." 