The Face at the Window.] S:lv3ni Todd met me at the Saville one evening aud took me aside. I was Jiving iu two rooms not far from the Edgware read. •• Look here,Williams," he began, "I am going to Egypt on this cholera commission, and I shall be away for six months at least. II you like to more into my house while I am away, do bo." •' Into your house in Grosvenor street?" I exclaimed. -Yea. Why not I" he replied lightly. I will 1-idve cheques for the rent and taxes. You will be doing me a kindness. Gait is a tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave the v< r rants alone in the house.'* *' But as to rent ?*' I eaid dubiously. "Never mind about that. Or stay. In place of rent you can pay the servants' board wages, or find their keep if you please." •' Done with you," I cried heartily. A week later I moved into the house in G.otvenor street, No. i00. It was a fair-sized house. Oa the right ol the hall was the dining room, spacious and wainecoted in 02k, with much sombre furniture, sad one large window which looked upon the street. Behind this was the consulting room. The window here was overlooked, but a window garden well stocked with fernB, and above it j a curious lace blind, eecurcd the needful privacy. S j much tor the house. I bad been in it about three weeks; the words, " Come and see mc; I am living in Grosvenor street now," were beginning to lose their first eweetnesB in the mouth, when, on going out one morning, 1 found a man standing on the doorstep. He had that moment rung the bell. "Doctor Silvani Todd?" be asked, looking from me to a paper he held in his hand. '■Are you Doctor Silvani Todd, sir?"' " No," I basteued to answer, fearing that he was collecting rate? and taxes. " I am not Doctor Todd. He i3 in Egypt in the Soudan; right up in the country, in i fact." j "Anyone living here beside Doctor Silvani j Todd?" he asked jerkily, poising a pencil! above his list. Living here ? Well, I am living here, but—" _Christian name, surname and profee sion," he putin briskly. "A card will in eure accuracy." Then he explained that he was a canvasser for a directory. "Your card, sir? Thank you," he said. " The name shall be inserted. May I take your order for a copy ?" "No," I replied brusquely, "Is that all you want J" '• All this morning, thank you," he airily answered. He was not one whit abashed by my man ner or scrutiny. •' Then good-morning." I held the door open, and only shut it when he had fairly turned the corner. I am a shy man, and his coolness had staggered me. But if I bad not seen him, when my back was turned, as he supposed, in the act of examining my letter- box—not the lock of the door, or the bolts or chain, but the letter box of all things—I was a Dutch man. What could the man want with my letter-box? I began, though I would not have confessed to the feeling for the world, to dislike the stillness and gloom of the house. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in comparison with my c-ld lodgings: bat this alone did not account for my uneasiness, which grew so marked that the striking of a clock startled me, and a ray of sunlight shooting athwart the dim ness of the room made me jump. No, 1 caught the infection from Gait. He was a tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily; the model of a line and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. But he had a queer habit of going stealthily about the house, and though 1 did not mind this much, I did object to another triok he had of glanc ing over his shoulders as he waited at table, while his face would put on at these times an unpleasant listening expression. More than once I came upon him standing still in the hall listening. And if I went into the con sulting room to water the ferns, he was sare to be at my elbow the next minute, listening again, I daresay. But this was notali. One night something happsned, which gave me real ground for uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I could not sleep, and while I was lying awake, I thought I beard a cautious footstep on the etairs. At my door it paused—if it was a footstep—for I could only hear the creaking of a board at intervals; then it seemed to go lower. " Ail fancy V' I said to myself, and turned over. All fancy !" But X was not quite 8ati?fi3d,and presently with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my pj j imas>, just as I was, went out on the landing. 1 could hear nothing. I crept soltly down the stairs in the dark. All was stlil. The ticking of the eight-day clock and the occasional grating of a window as ' the breeze rose or fell were the only sounds inside ilie house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reached the foot of the stairs, and, satisfied now that 1 had deceived myself, was turning to to back, when my movement brought the keyhole of the consulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam of light shot from it into tbe darkness of the hall. j Well, I hesitated ; perhaps while the clock 1 above ticked a dozen times. I considered the position. Someone might have carelessly left a light burning in that room. Only the room was not in use. And then what of the step3 on the stairs? On the other hand, there might be a burglar inside. And then had I not better summon the police ? But suppose I did this, and io J a mere lighted caudle ? That wonld be a humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, but ridicule more. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. For a second or two I was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a single candle on tbe mantel. No one moved in the room. No one was to he seen. I Bteoped cautiously in with a smile on my face,'and —and jumped, 1 daresay, a couple of feet aside. " Why, Gait!" I cried the next minute, seeing that it really was the servant who alone and half-dresBed, was standing by tbe window. " What are you doing here ? What are yon doing up at this time of sight?" I cried imperatively. He did not answer. He was trembling violently. I had given him a great shock that wsb clear. He passed one hand across lus brow in a etupid way. In the other be held the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I grasped the position. -1 will tell you what it is !" I said, taking op the candle, and holding it eo that its light fell upon his dazsd face and distended eyes. " I will tell yon what it is, my man! You have been walking in your sleep !" He shaded hie eyes with his hand and partly turned from me. •' I am afraid I have, sir," he muttered abjectly. lie -sas still forced to steady himself bv resting one hand on the table. 1 to ok the syringe from him. " I suppose that this is not the first time you have done it ? ' I said querulously. T1 have a servant who walked in his sleep. It was too provoking. "No, sir," he answered, his teeth chatter ing with the fright or the cold. " 1 need to do it when I was a boy. But I thought I had grown oat of it years ago." " I hope thai you -sill Kr.-,w o.r-t of it now," I replied esvero'v. '«The:?, get to bed, and for goodne»» take stay there if you can." *' Tea, sir,"' said humbly. I am sorry that I disturbed yon, sir." I mada 1 riga to him to go first. As I followed I glanced round the room at the i strange medley that covered table and mantelpiece and overflowed on to chairs and brackets. On a sheli above the fireplace was a mummy's head with horrible glass eyes that seemed to be winking at me, and in j bottles below it were preparations whioh Todd had been using to illustrate his physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. " Ugh!" I exclaimed, cloeing the door with a ehnddrr. I soon fell asleep when I got back to bed. Bat once at least I awoke with a start and eat up, in the belief that someone was again moving about the house. j Next day I had a bad nervous headache, and was as irritable as could be; so that1 when Gait as usua1 crept upon me while I was watering- the ferns, I lost my patience ( with bim and turned sharply. " Well 7" I exclaimed. " I came to eee it yoa wanted anything;, sir." Wanted anything, indeed ! ^ •' No, nothing!" I retorted. " And I think, Gait, that you would be far more usefully employed, if instead of following mc about the bouse you were to clean the windows, j The one in the dining-room is in a disgrace- j ful state, considering that there are three servai m in the house and only one master." | full we"> ®'rj" he answered respect- ! lis was not at all put out. And I, who am shy in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not have dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow ot pride in mymor.il courage. " I will see to it, sir," he eaid; " but Doctor Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean the outside." " Then get a man. D j it in the usual way. i That is all I want." I answered. lie assented again, adding something, however, about the difiiealty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind five ' minutes Ist^r, when a man accosted me as I crossed Bond street on my way to ! chambers. I " Will jour honor gi ve me a job of work ?" be said. | J looked at him. He was not tearful as j beggars are. On the contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes. j " A job of work ? ' I answered, glancing at my slim umbrella and varnished boots. " Do I look as if I had jobs of work to give away ?" " Your honor looks as if yon would give them away if you had," he answered with ready wit. I lauglied. '• Can you clean windows J" I asked. ''Clean all your windws, sir, for a shil ling!'he rapped out. '■ Then you would have a bad bargain," I replied, thinking with pride of my five floors and basement. Here! you may take this to 190 Grosvenor street." I pencilled a few words on a card request ing Gait to let the bearer clean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when he had done. For gome reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from chambers early that afternoon. I had, scarcely taken the latch key from the door before I learned that there j was a quarrel going forward. Gait was i standing at the consulting room door, his I back to it. In front of him was my shabby Irishman, gesticulating wildly, and talking I at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait cut him shoit. '• Yoii do not go into this room," he eaid; '• that is enough for you !" " And why not, my honey ?" the Irishman was beginning. " Sure, and his honor was saying that I was to clean the windows, everv blessed one of them." " He said nothing of the kind," I inter posed sternly, as I came forward. " I did not say that you were to come into the house j st all. / said that yoa were to clcan f t.he outside of the windows. How is this. I Gait?" j The servant mustered something. j " I expeot him to do his work. Now, as you have let this man clean the other win dows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You can stay with him. Open the door." Sat Gilt did not stir. He looked at me sullenly. " D jctor Todd is particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir," he said, in a tone that matched his face. "And to the house, I have no doubt!" I returned, throwing open the door myself. "Stay!" I added, after glancing round. "Close the inner window over the fern?. That is better. Now be can do no dam age." I saw this arrangement carried out before I left them. Then I went into tfce front room to write a letter, but was presently roused by the repetition of a loud knock. Gait, I kDew, muBt be able to hear it as well as I could myself. I strode into the ball. " Do you not hear that someone is at the door I" I said curtly. ( He did not move. Instead, he pointed j silently to the window cleaner, who was hard j at work. j "Nonsense!" I exolaimed. "Go to the I door at once." j Still a moment's hesitation, and he went. J Xfae person at tbfi door k&pt; him sonie } Afterward I needed coal in the front room i and a cop of tea. His scruples had arisen I rather late in the day I thought, and I took a 1 mischievous pleasure in keeping him from his f post. | But what did it all mean i What, indeed 1 I did not connect, as yet, the man who had been so inquisitive about the letter-box with Gait. The latter's conduct by itself was enough to puzzle me. His sleep-walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness, and his strange obstinacy about the consulting room, gave snope for wild conjectures, and certainly filled me with distrust of him, as well as a secret prejudice against the house. At breakfast next morning I was more struck than before by the nervous manner in which he continually started and glanced be hind him. " What is it that yon are afraid of, Gait ?" I said suddenly, thinking to take him by surprise. Then, as he did not answer, «■ Is it burglars?" I asked, the scene with the Irish man iu my mind. " Burglars, sir i" " Yes. Mind what you are doing with the kidneys!" I eaid sharply. " I thought that the burglary close by in Bond street, at that jewiller's, might have frightened you. Man alive J there is nothing here to tempt that gang." '■ £ hope not, Bir," he replied huskily. I put down my knife and fork and looked at him. "Really, Gait, I do not think that you are well," I remarked, in a more kindly tone. •• We want Djctor Todd back already." He began to tell me that he had not been himself of late, when he stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered back from the table. The plate he was holding fell, and was shattered on the arm of my chair, The gravy ran over my sleeve. I jumped up in a rage. •' What on earth is the matter with you I exclaimed, very much inclined to t*ke him and shake him. "I saw a—a face at the window,'" he gasped. His own face was white. His lip3 trembled so that he could soarcely frame his words A face at the window ! I had been sitting at a round table close to the window, and when I rose 1 had done so with my back to the ught. Now, I turned swiftly round fol lowing the direction of his eyes. Looking past me, they were fixed on a corner of the window. But there was no face to be seen. Gilt was wiping his brow with his handier chief. " Have yen been drinking?" I asked '' X a, eir." There was no indignation in his answer. "Uoopb! I am surprised to hear it," 1 said. "For shame, man ! pluck np a spirit. Now go downstairs and compose yourself. You can tell Caroline to bring me up another plate." When the plate had been brought I re sumed my breakfast. R .-ally Gait was be coming unbearable. Was he going out of his mind ? Orwas it merely that something bad unstrung his nerves 1 A man must be pretty far gone—farther, I thought, than could be comfortable tor his neighbors—be fore he could coDjure up faces in broad day light, and— What was that I I was out of my chair m the fifth of a second, for with the tail til my eye, as I rcached across the table for the | salt, I had seen a face at my elbow—a face glued to the pane, and auch a one ! A face, white, bloodies?, with no forehead, a long upper lip, and flanked by huge ears! A greedy face, with dull eyes, that glared in upon me. I was not frightened, but I was startled. The face was unexpested, and it was horribly close to me. It was no wonder thtt I epraug up as I did. Yet the thing was hardly seen—I had barely turned my full gaze upon it—before it was gone. " The impudent scoundrcl!" 1 cried, when my first Burprise was over. " I will soonpufi a etop to that 1" 1 ran to the front dcor, and opening it. looked into the street-. Near at hand there was no one. In the distance two or three broughams were waiting, a butcher's cart was rattliug eff, half a dozen people were going this way or that. But no one was by the win dow. Yet this did not greatly aetoniEh me. The bouses in Grosvenor street have project ing porticoes which would hide a fugitive, though his pursuers were buta few yards dis tant. J My first impulse was to go up the street. hatlb&a; as I was, and hunt him out. But aft<:r all he had done no harm, and I con tented myself with vowing vengeanoe if he should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfast. Though I could still laugh at the serious way in which Gait had taken it, I did not; return to mi' old seat. I removed my plate so that I might f-see the window, bomehow the face haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon a dark corner, a pale image of the flat features and fishy ^ eyes shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms where tbe firelight fell upon it, and this went so far that I felt sensibly relieved when 1 was fairly outBide the house. But that day being a busy one, by the evening I had forgotten my domestic concerns, and when Caroline took oil the covers at dinner I asked where Gait was. Gait was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down. "I do not think that he has been well for some time," I remarked. "Na, sir," said Caroline, solemnly. She shook her head, as if she could fully account for it, " What do you think is the matter ?" I was constrained to ask. " Well, sir, we think it is the smell of the doctor's stufi." "Oh, indeed," I answered, much tickled. " But you are not ill 2" "No, sir. Bat you eee, Gait—he is more in the doctor's room. He has been in there a good bit lately, and he is not like the same man." " That reminds me of something," I said. " I left my little silver match-box on the corner of the table in that room this morn ing. Will you fetch it for me beSore i forget it, Caroline ?" While she was about my errand, I, think ing over what she had said, began to see a connection between Gait's oddity, or illness, cr whatever it was, and theconsuHing-room. I saw a clear connection. Still there could not be anything in what the servant said. Doctor's stuff ! That was absurd. And it was still more absurd to suppose, though I disliked the room myself, that there could be any malign influence about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet— A shrill scream, and the violent closing of a door, cat short my reasoning. I ran out into the hall. The girl was leaning against the wall under the lamp, her hand pressed to her side, her breath coming in gasps. She was on tha verge of fainting. Luckily her cry had reached other ears, and the cook came flying from below, while on an upper landing, I, looking abont for any cause of fear, caught a glimpse of Gait's pale face I peering down st us. " Goodness, Caroline ! what is the matter now ?" I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of these excursions and alarms, and was finding it more and more bard not to f^srt and glance behind me, as Gait did. " I saw a face—a face," she sobbed. " At the window?7' I asked eagerly. " No, sir. Over—over the mantelshelf." " Tbe mammy's head. Why, you see that every day!" I cried. •' There must have been something else beEide that to frighten you?" There—there was something else," Caro line gasped. I "ijgr' a mercy!*' exclaimed the cook, ; looking behind her and then at me to see | that I was not leaving them. " What elBe ? What else 1 What else did i yon see ?" I repeated impatiently. j But, and it was provoking enough tom&ke; j a saint swear and return violently to bis ! dinner, Caroline would not say. No, though j I asked her again and -again, and in the f main she was a stoat and sensible girl. She t had seen something else beside the head, and that was all she would tell us. I concluded in the end that she was embroidering the matter, and that all she had seen was the mummy's head, upon -which, perhaps, tbe lieht passing through the open door might have fallen with a new eSect. I I went back to my dinner; hut first I took the lamp and thoroughly searched the con sulting-room, Of course I found nothing, or nothing that Ehould not have been there. The mammy's face smirked upon me un changed, save that it looked a little more dirty. The preparations in theii bottles be low it were untouched, and in the midst of them the board on which the doctor pinned his cards of invitation stood as fashionably untidy as tv^r. It, too, would have been the better, where it was not hidden by " fixtures," for a little soap and water. There was nothing new in the room; no thing had been removed or altered. Yet I searched under the table and in the cup boards. I could not get the face I had seen at the window out of my mind. The very ] features sf the parchment mask above me put j on a grotesque likeness to it. But by this j time I was in a condition to imagine any- j thing. ! Anything J No, not quite anything. For surely that cry was not fancy, could not be fancy. That short, quick scream, which came Bhooting up the staircase late that night, and pierced my ears, so that I dropped the extinguisher and snatched up tbe caudle stick I That was not fancy. It was real, as real as the whita, startled face I saw peering into the looking-glass a moment later. "Hang it all!" I muttered hastily. I cannot stand this. I shall be seeing a ghost next. Is the house bewitched ?" 1 ran down ihe stairs, listening as I went. There was silence above and below. I leached the lowest flight and halted abruptly. From there I could eee the hall, and raising my candle above my head peered downward. Ah! what was it? Who was it? Stpp by step L came down until 1 touched a prostrate form. Then I set the candle on the stairs, and stooped over it. Thank Heaven, there was no blood 1 It was Gait, and he was alive. With an effort I turned him over, re coiling an instant as a clasp knife rolled from his hand. I picked it up, and be sighed. He had merely tainted, then, and puehing the mat under his head I roEe to my feet, my first fears relieved. I looked round. The dining-room door was wide open, that of the consulting- room was ajar. Without taking up the candle, with scarce a moment's thought, 1 flung the latter open and stood on the threshold look ing in. I held my breath and Bhivered, I confess, for I saw what he had seen and Caro line had seen : but overcoming the first nervous desire to cry out or flee, I stood looking the thing in the face until all fear was gone. Truly in the face—for it was a face I saw—a luminous death's head. Eyes, mouth, and nostrils were black caverns in a pale lambent mask. It was grim enough. But taking into account its position over the fireplace, a moment's reflection satisfied me that someone had tmkled out the poor mummy's head with luminous paint, and then had written below it on the fixtures bosrd, in letters tough, hut clear, ''Thief 1" Thief ! I understand the word, the some thing else which Caroline had seen; but whe had written it, or why? Yet it clearly be hoved me to fiad out. In the nick, and alEO at the junction of the steel and haft, were some fragments of a thing almost as strange in that house—dry earth. We had no garden at Oae Haudred and Ninety, except the win dow garden st my elbow; and why should Gait have been digging in the half-barrowful of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight? Why, indeed ! 1 brought the candles close to the window, and scanned the surface of the scanty soil -which made up our sole garden ground. Surely I was on the traok, for on putting aside fair sized ferns I saw that the handful of earth against the base of the ' biggest stone bad been lately moved and watered. i With the knife I dug out the damp mould.' 1 was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny ■ cavern in or uncUr the stone became visible. I.thrust in my hand, aud feeling a handful o£ ! hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. I How I started at eight of them ! How ! they flashed and glistered in the pale rays of I the candle ! They were diamonds—a neek [ lace, pendant and bracelets. They were in j their settings, when the sound of heavy breathing behind me warned me to turn. Our eyes met, Ga't'a and mine. " Ttiiet!" I Eaid. "Give them to mel" he muttered doggedly, ttrclching out his hand. " Nothing of the kind," I answered. I still held his knife, and there was a moment j when I felt glad I had it. The man was a coward, but s coward in a corner is an awk ward thing. I bad the knife, howe?er, and did not quail. ''Nothing of the kind, you thief!" I thundered. " I shall be more likely to give you to the police unless you tell roe this moment the whole truth." A knock cause to the door. " You will not go," he muttered. "Most certainly I shall," I returned■, [ and passing through the hall opened the door. j A man stepped quickly in and removed his hat. He was the man who called to canvas I for the directory. j "You are Mr. Williams?" he said with a ! steady look at me. " I am sorry to drop in ! at a queer hour, but business is business, and mine is unpleasant." j " Ferhaps you will explain what it is," I replied. I had an uneasy presentiment of the truth; and surely enough he answered: " I am a detective, Mr Williams. Youhave the proeseds of a jewel robbery here, and it is my duty to warn you that everything you | say will be given as evidence against you." " That 1 say!" I cried. " Against me I Me ? You are forgetting yourself, man ?" Good heavens this was too absurd ! And yet—and yet my right hand hidden in my pocket was clasping the jewels—was full of the stolen property ! No wonder that I grew ! hot aii over ! " Better take it easy, sir. I have not been looking in at that window yonder a dozen times a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant—Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inside there, and searched the room too when he was cleaning the window —when I saw you come down with a light, and your man all of a heap upon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, il you will hand over the stones comfortably and quietly, why it is likely that it will be better for both of you." A groan proceeding from the open door of the consulting room proved that Gait w&s; listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew me asunder. I met the detective's cun ning eyes, and clenched my fist. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned sick with terror. "Is the servant in there ?" asked the man pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. He made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though the blood flew to my face, and I felt as if the prison warder's hand already ca6t its shadows upon me. Gait still eat huddled up in his chair, and as I took my j place beside him the detective eyed us both with a contempt he did not try to conceal. " A pretty pair you are 1 The idea of such as you trying on this game 1 Why, it is enough to make a dog laugh!" And laugh he did. How I hated him for his vulvar triumph! '• Look here," 1 eaid; " you will behave youreelf properly while you are in my house, my man. You know as well aa I do that I am no thief." «■ You have got the plunder," he said, be coming grave again. "And you and your accomplice have it hidden away somewhere for the past fora.ig U. It will be for you and him to say howii was come by." Gait looked up, the picture of wretched ness. " I found it in the letter-box one morning," he muttered. "The robbery in bond street was in the papers the same morning." The detective nodded sagely. '• I thought so." he answered. " The burg lars were chased. One was taken a few yards irom here. We found nothing upon him, but he owned up that he had dropped eome of the plunder through the letter slit of a house a few doors away. I spotted this house. And now it will be only a question oi receiving goods knowing them to have been stolen. 1 daresay that if the things are restored at once that no charge will be made." " Here is the jewellery," I replied hastily. " I only discovered its presence in the house a few minutes ago. " And your servant ?" he asked, rs he snatched at the jewels. The beads of perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. He had been an honest man before the discovery of that mass of bril liants in the letter-box had corrupted him. '' I am quite sure he wiil tell the truth," 1 eaid. " 1 will answer for his appearance. Do you not think you could manage mat ters 2" " 1 think I could," he answered slowly. " I think I could square it, and do no wrong to anyone—for a consideration, eir." I made a bargain with the officer. He was to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in ferred that Gait voluntarily came to him with the stolen propeity. '• Wait for me in the hall," I said,taking a candle from the table: •' I must fetch the money from my bedroom." Gait and the detective were standing to gether in the hall, looking at one another as ill-tempered dogs 3ook. "Hereis your money," I said. " Now be careful that you fulfil your part of the bar gain." He put the notes in his pocket. " You v.-ill hear no more of it," he said, emphatically. Gait muttered hia gratitude, while I put a itop to his efiusive thankfulness. "Goto bed," I said, brusquely, " and do not feel too sura that he will keep his word." But our midnight visitor did keep to the letter. We have not since heard of him, or of the jewels. As day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in the news papers, no summons arrived in Grosvenor street, the truth began io dawn upon me. I made cautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two men had been convioted of the robbery, but the diamonds had never been found, and their disappearance have be come a standing mystery. " There are more of the gang about," said the inspector. *' \ve have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing; and we cannot eee how the men who were in it could have passed the plunder to them." I can see very well how it was done—very well, and how any little expenses attending the process were paid; but 1 am shy and nervous. I blush, it is true, bb I pass a cer tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, but 1 keep my own counsel So does Gait. 757 