TOPICS OFTHEWEEX. His Excellency has rendered Rood son ice by protesting against the practice some visitors to Australia have fallen into of run ning down the colonies in the English magazines. They come here, they are hospitably entertained, they get free passe» on the railways, "some of us even go to the trouble of attending the theatres to see them act in their own plays, ' and they repay the kindness they receive by writing tooh»n articles. But, after all, does this foolish writing of theirs in the Nineteenth Century or the Contemporary do us any great harm . The Americans grew into a great people not withstanding the caricaturing they under went in American Notes and Martin Lhu ilent, which were the works of a man of genius only meaning to be amusing. Articles in the reviews are not very widely read, nor are sentences and paragraphs treasured up tor years afterwards, as if they were extracts from the Bible. The people of this genera tion have remarkable facility for forgetting what they read. Memory and miscellaneous reading rarely go together ; it is all lost in twenty-four hours. Australian loans are not floated or taken up by persons who look for guidance to the globe-trotter. The things they catch hold of and become alarmed at are wliat they hear people in Australia sayin- and doing. Echoes reach them from war councils at Barcaldine or Sunday meet in^ in Flinders-park: they note how elec tions go, and what motions are moved m Australian Parliaments. If thoughtless words are going to destroy Australian credit, have we not plenty of Hancocks, whose occupation it is to talk of driving out capital, closing the banks, and breaking up freehold estates'! The act of Parliament passed m New Zealand this year taxing debentures held by persons in England who have lent money to public companies in the colony is likely to create a worse impression (as the first work of a labour Parliament) than a pile of magazine articles as high as the tower. of the Town-hall. " Is it wise (asks^ His J Excellency, speaking of the article-writing ■ viMtorl to din into the ears of the British, investor that the one overpowering desire | which the public men ot this continent have j in their hearts is the desire to dip their ; bands as deeply as possible into the pockets , of that same British investor, and^ wheti^ he is milked dry to repudiate him." " No," , exclaimed the company at the Mayor s ( dinner; but is it not the advanced candi-; dates we have among us who talk thus ?— the candidates in New South Wales, in : New Zealand, in Victoria, who stand on the ■ lalwur ticket! Until the Glasseys and! Hoolans of Queensland, the Scneys. Raes, . and Fitzgeralds of New South Wales, and; the Hancocks, Spences, and Temples of; Victoria come to their senses it will do little j good muzzling the superficial and garrulous ■■ globe-trotter. j A South Australian gentleman, Mr. James , Shaw, who had authority to speak as a past; Mayor of Adelaide, makes some appropriate j comments in the St. James Gazette on the , magazine articles being published during his j visit to the old country. The writer of one : article, he says, seems to have a certain 'Sydney newspaper on the brain. We must j be a bad lot because that paper circulates j among us. "So is your London Modem Society widely read," writes Mr. Shaw; " but does that make your Modern Society a typical English paper T The papers having the largest circulation in London are seldom seen or heard of in Australia. They owe their circulation, as some Australian papers : do, to their dealing in scandal, or to serving j up tales more or less untrue, hut always 1 spicy, about royal personages and the aris tocracy. As there is the corporation dustman who goes the rounds to empty Hie refuse boxes, so we have the newspaper duBtman who distributes garbage ; but there is this marked difference between Hie two, that after the corporation dustman has been his mid day round the town is the cleaner, while the public mind is the worse for the service ren dered it by the newspaper dustman, who brings refuse instead of taking it away. Inventing vulgar nicknames ^ for public men {the servants of the state) is a despicable occupation, but so long as there are people who think such vtilgarity amusing and witty, and buy it to read, there will be persons to purvey for them. The other week one of this kind gloried in having found out a nickname for the. admiral of the station. No skill is wanted. The larrikin on the pave ment jeering or using some everyday epithet of the alums, as the procession goes by, is of the same genus. The newspaper dustman deals plentifully in cant Hie pretends to carry bis box about because the things in it that he has picked up shock him, and ought to shock you. When any titled person gets In volved in a scandal the story is told with ap propriate comments and much affectation of horror. Yet in the divorce season, which occurs in these colonies about four times a year, the law reports teem with vulgar adulteries, and no remark is made, or, any ~''*1 ie felt that we who are so ready at fault rig should be such constant sinners, "lira, synonym for divorce, but the QUy disgcaces which the inhabitants of i^caie' i®* read about are those, from England. Their own are; nd too oommon-place to be inte orthJpruying over. Similarly, the j "" toatheflatatFlemiugtononj : Bapdwick at Easter, or Is/ say the Throne is In \ by a^out to come to an »jOf,Wales has paid an oft, though it is jost Lhave his own way ' s^ 'An Australian ondon, ipa oj^hesaw -i in such liscldaed ^therewith f eyes trained to recognise them. The morality of men and journalists who have a keen eye ; for the various forms of vice is open to grave i suspicion, and they are company that decent j peoplc i nst i ncti vely edge away from. ; Paying the members of the Standing Com i mittee on Railways meets with the approba tion of the Legislative Assembly as a matter | of course. It increases the number of salaried offices open to politicians who devote themselves to public life in order to earn a livelihood. £300 a year hardly suffices to keep going the lay preacher who, before he gave up religion for politics, got a stipend of £150, a free house, and Christmas gifts. Election expenses every third year make a "large hole" in the allowance, however economically the contest may be conducted. The number of Ministerial portfolios is small, and the time it takes a member to qualify himself for office in the eyes of his leader is long. Nor does office go by rota tion. Some men are appointed again and again, which means that other men have no chance of being appointed at all. Therefore, the creation of a standing committee on railways has supplied a felt want The professional politician's chances of keeping up a respectable appearance by working for his country have been nearly doubled by paying this committee, and if the principle of paying committees can be extended the position of a member of Parliament will become very agreeable. For the present the £5,000 a year which the Legislative As sembly is committed to giving the Standing Committee on Railways must be looked upon as the expense we have to incur in order to obstruct ourselves in borrowing. What the country loses in salaries to members it more than saves in interest on unadvisable loans. The state is like a young man of large desires and no self-restraint, borrowing and spending through trustees. It gives some of its representatives £5,000 a year to pre vent the rest of its representatives from plunging on its behalf. The £5,000 a year is brake-money. Were our system of government as perfect as we pretend to con sider it there would be no occasion for this brake. The Government would only pro pose and the Legislature only vote such railways as are urgently wanted; but mem bers have discovered that to hold their seats | they must demand railways, and Govern ments have discovered that in order to keep in office they must propose all railways that are demanded, though they know it is folly to do so. By a beautiful deuce the public safety is secured. Members ask for as many railways as ever, but they at the same time f slip £5,000 into the pockets of some of their number to encourage them to throw obstacles in the way of railways being voted. The country is saved, and the faithful mem bers take extra payment for saving it As the pressure on the representatives of the people increases the resisting power of the committee will have to be strengthened, and we confidently expect the coming of the time when the £5,000 will be considered too little recompense for putting up with the obloquy which will be incurred in blocking the wishes of the constituencies. One wonders, after all that has been written about Ulysses and the Sirens during the past fortnight, whether we arc ever to have any lack in the buying of big pictures for the National Gallery. If we fall it is not from the wont of competent choosers. Marshall Wood's statue of the Queen was bought by the Berry Government with the approval of an artificer in leather from Gee long, who pronounced the poise of the arm to be true to nature. A trustee of the National Gallery had the principal voice during his visit to England in the selection of the " First Cloud" (overruling, it is said, the judgment of Sir Frederick Lcighton), and yet when the picture arrived society critics declared that the interest could not last, because the costume worn by the wife would be out of fashion in 12 months. " Anguish' is a work no one has been able to admire to the full since the man from the bush c&me; down and pointed out that when a ewe is bleating over a dead lamb she ought to have her tongue out. As a matter of fact, a sheep cannot bleat with its tongue out, as the amateur critic may prove by^rying the experi ment himself. " Moses Brining,Down the Tables of the Law" was purchased for the benefit of the religions people, and to neutralise the insidious influences which the sight of nude ptatues exerpises over the minds of church-going people, but a critic, good at guessing the weigh to of things,] destroyed all pleasure In the picture by fchriw ing that Moses, notwithstanding the fine; arms whkh Mr. Herbert had given him,: could not possibly ' have carried down socb great slabs of atone feom the top of Mount . Sinai, so that when they broke it was not because Moees flung them down in ahgfer, bit.; because he had to let them drop. The fisitlbSj which havebeen detected In two or three: minutes in Mr. Waterhouse's ** Ulysses " are so hnnerpaathiri they won't Stand counting. Mr. Mbleaworth Greene objects, because the Streps ius not beautifulwomen; Mr.* MoleswdrthGreene'sappredatkm- of feminine chirms is well knows, arid tils objection natural; The trtistees should see that such laririsbAve place Sri ievery picture.even land !gywct. - r. ; - apes.- Another critic finds fault with these; ring more than two Sirens. A third says the esari is going the wrong way. A fourth ofes that the crew have not the bandages ver their eyes, which they would nh oubtediy have required had the temptresses assessed the phyaic&t; attributes Mr; Motai-f orthGreene would have endowed them with,' nd been without clothing, ^-Wi^^pse i condemned for not having keptto tfce text f Homer, theonly authority on sirens known i written in English attdt > havfeaptaoeinali llttL-, aragaaeemstohwrsnfiatei writer of plays after ~ > utfcg* took weeks rit piece, the theatre manager took much trouble | to mount it, while the actors rehearsed it with j care. Nevertheless, a few pay young j men. after dining together at a coffee-house, could cross the street, and damn the perfor-1 mance by simply jeering at it from the pit Damning plays was in the days of our remote j ancestors fashionable and intellectual sport, and it was only when Dorset said the piece | was good that it had a chance to live. In our days, as Mr. Tennyson Cole points out, j the painter gives months to studying out his subject—he may, as Mr. Long once did, have to wait two years for an inspiration in regard to the grouping of his figures—he reads all the authorities, masters all the details of costume, decides, after many trials, the shape his ideas shall take, executes the design with all the skill at his command, satisfies the Academy selection committee, is hung on the line, receives many compliments, has his work approved by an experienced con temporary artist, who buys for the Melbourne National Gallery; still, when the picture is unpacked, after crossing the seas, a score or bo of letter-writers are able to detect over Bights and mis readings merely by recollect ing what they learned at schooL Everything is wrong, not the treatmeut merely, but the subject. Sirens are played out, and this matter-of-fact people will next be heard ob jecting to " Midsummer Night's Dream" I because there are fairies in it,and to "Hamletf' because it contains a ghost, when we now know there are no such tilings as fairies or j ghosts or sirens in any part of the world. The sequel to the prosecution of Mr. R. J. W. Pounds, of platinum fame, was arrived at | last week, when the shareholders in the Ot way Ranges Company "recommended" the directors.to apologise to Mr. Pounds for arresting him. How the arrest came about cannot yet have been forgotten. A day had been appointed after long waiting when the. company was to sec a big lamp of real plati num—platinum melted out of its own ore. " You are lucky fellows," the directors had been told ; " you are all millionaires." With eagerness equalling that of Darius when he hasted to the lions' den after a sleepless night, they went early in the morning to the laboratory, only to learn that Mr. Pounds had gone no one could say whither, and they jumped to the conclusion that their metallur gist had bolted with the bullion. A warrant was taken out, and tire police began search ing. After a few days Mr. Pounds was dis covered to have retired for meditation to a quiet, out of-the-way goldfield in New South Wales. The police brought lrim to Mel bourne, and the city magistrates committed him for trial, though apparently in doubt whether titqy should do so, as there was no evi dence of there being any platinum in existence to which the Otway Ranges Company could lay claim. All the directors could positively swear to was the fact that they had been told by Mr. Pounds that he had extracted a thousand minces of metal from so many hundred tons of ore, and they valued the missing platinnm at £G,00Q. After one or two postponements of the trial, the prosecution was dropped without flourish j of trumpets, and the next time we hear of Mr. Pounds and the company is at a meeting to discuss the terms onwhich tire platinum can be handed over. Mr. Pounds's terms are very simple—a complete apology, a cheque for £1,312 to cover the expenses lie was put to by being arrested, tire fifth part of 16,000 shares, and salary for the time he was " employed by the company as altered up in the minutes in their books." About handing over to Mr. Pounds all the shares he asked for no diffi culty was made, nor did the meeting hesitate long.in respect to the apology, the directors who caused the arrest being recommended '• to meet Mr. Pounds's views as far as they : can." The claim for £1,312 was the one thing left undisposed oL How it will be dealt with we shall know hereafter. " There will be no■ difficulty about the payment," said the chair man, "if the bullion is forthcoming." Platinum bullion of the value of £6,000, yielded by ore in the Otway Ranges, should be j worth seeing, after the assertions of mineralo gists, chemists, and metallurgists that no: such metal has been or is to be found in the j district*. Will it be forthcoming in time to said to the World's Fair at Chicago ? Where is it at present, and where has it been Bince Mr. Pounds went into the wilderness to j meditate? And should any such quantity as £6,000 worth be exposed to view, bow many-' body going to prove now that it was extracted fepm Otway Ranges ore? j Mr. Glasses motion for the release of the: Queensland shearers, who went in for grass litirning arid'^the -mobbing of free labourers diiring the big strike, failed, owing to the tone of the speeches with which it was sup posed*. Nb regrets were expressed for the mischiefs dorie. * The motion was so worded' ns th totiribitrio sign of giving in, no admis sion that grass-burning and mobbing sire unlawful prafctices. Mr. Hoolaa, who weoonds gU Mrr(Hiwa^*s motions, skid that he would sooner'soe the prisoners rot In' gaol tban ask for their discharge as an act of qtemency, ^ey 'are not malefactors, but martyrs. Mr. Glossey admits the Betting fire to the geass, but inquires what great barm there was in it, as rain fell the night before, and the fire might not have spread far even if it had notlrereseen and put out. There is no acknowledgment of the meanness of The sneak taking 'iidm tirpm behind a hedge at the to be convinced that that is ®e considers it falrbedkuse the riskisrill ©none side, arid killingis just because it sfcfitehia book. Two men whose pastime Iritt llridlord-shooting had bseri I fcr their victim -to «&*< he were nirt coming. MfX ifo'tire other, iy»r old gentleman."rThe Queensland strike, in Sir ' judgment, - -meant ^jse-{ 9 revolution didnofc ooroe 'Government was too firm and too strong. And the punishment cannot be remitted while the spirit which animated the ' would-be revolutionaries is still active. Its activity is shown by the threat 6f Mr. Glasspy that if the men are not let out there will be trouble. The Go vernment, besides, is aware that the mischief uinkers are still busy. Notwithstanding the injury the strike did to business, the paralysis it caused in every induatiy, and the present dullness which it alone is re sponsible for, the strike programme has not been abandoned in Queensland. The only excuse that can be made for men in custody —i.e., all but a few of them—is that they I were the puppets of wire-pullers who knew how to keep out of Bight themselves. They were egged on by tall talk and big promises. But even in their case imprisonment may not be undeserved nor without good after effects, if it teaches them that in the eye of the law one kind of crime is as bad as an other, and that the man who sets 13re to wool sheds and gates must put up with the society of burglars and thieves, as the three classes are equally dangerous to society. Mr. Glassey may say that his proteges were not converting the grass to their own use like the burglar making off with plate and jewellery, but the real difference was in the magnitude of the robbery. The strike pro moters contemplated stealing the whole | colony. Releasing the rioters and grass burners so soon after conviction would be as j foolish tactics as giving in to the bad boy in j the comer who still says he isn't sorry. The members of the Opposition in New Zealand, though they have an up-hill game to play, are not content to wring their hands, and ask each other, " What is the use of re sisting the inevitable V Iu politics nothing is inevitable, unless yon choose to make it so by giving in. The Ballance Ministry has a strong following, but it is mere strength of numbers, and most of the legislation at tempted during the recent session was so strictly experimental in character that the country cannot he made to feel that delay has done harm. The present threat of the Ministry is that it will swamp the Upper House in order to carry the Land Bill, but the swamping of the Upper House is an ex treme resource which the Governor is not bound to consent to, and if the leading Oppo sition members keep up the enthusiasm they are now displaying, there is no probability of the Ministry being able to work up public opinion to the pitch it must attain in order to justify the virtual npsetting of the Con stitution. The Opposition members are showing tlieir enthusiasm by making j vigorous speeches and their constituents! theirs by sitting up very late to hear all \ that can be said. In Victoria enthusiasm is killed by the railways ; if the occasion is a luncheon, the speakers must catch the afternoon train; and if a banquet they dare not miss the express running between 9 and 10\. Hence, the speaking has to be shorthand the chairman's eye is never off hiB watch. But in Otago they don't care for railway J time-tables, if the dinner and the oratory are good. At the happy gathering on October 28, at Balclutha, todohononr to Mr. Thomas Mac - kenzie, the speaking lasted until 4 in the mora-j ing. First spoke Sir John Hall,then Mr.Scobie Mackenzie (it should be explained that there j are three Mackenxies in the House of Repre sentatives, the Minister of Lands being Mr. j John), then Mr. Thomas Mackenzie, thai Mr. Rolleston, and at S a.m., when the reporters closed their telegraphic report, there were still several good men to be heard. No cries of "time" or "question" appear anywhere, though one member of Parliament was np for a full hour. The company seem to have been wide awake right through, and read}- to laugh or cheer, as circumstances required, to the end of the programme. The j best of prospects may be auguredfrom this. It shows that there are people in Otago who take a keen interest in the doings of Parliament; and can listen for hours together with pleasure toashowing-upoftheMinlHtpriai policy. Though the performance pi Prince , Giglio (who spoke for three days and nights to an andicnce that never noticed the alter nations of light and darkness) still remains the " record," the orators and company at Balclutha have well earned the right to what racing men oall a "plaoe," ' Is poetry worn out?" aaks the London Spectator, and It proceeds to give what ft considers good reasons for answering the 'question in the affirmative." English poetry, if oontends, -has long ago reached its highest point,'aiid has, in fact, fm sometime past been declining. Prose, on tee other hand,which is far more difficult to writewei|, has been steadily improving for oenturies.lt haSnot, indeed, yet riien toteetefcl of greateStpoetiy, bntUmaybe eixpeCted todo so in thne. "The conclusion seems to be that we most expert no more poets, and should feel reasonably jglad to be qult of them." "Beoause nobody arises we we aU lamenting that pdesy Is dead 'in Mm limit. Would it not be wiser to admit thatshfehaa died a very natural death, and cheerfuUy'to await the growth of her tbomlpTorhtsing daughter?" :8uoh is the argument oftbe Spectator, which hyto a oertain exjent, jngeniousandplausiWe. Them is teia much truth ki lt tbat tiie prodootidh. of poetry is just n&w; at a ldw'tbb, rirttmtyih England, but all the worid: over. Them is no sign anywherb visible of tea rise of a new poet, fit to cank with the greatpiaeter ~ jpm of. past ages.. It may also be ad ^''^bteflsri^m/I^NreiEse; prwe;$M eh a pro^ressive art, teal it bu b&n; cpn trt^tiy addihgtottB methods and resources, andtbattt haa probablynotyet reached tee pefefen1 white it b capable of attaining,' Bat tels byupmeans proves teatproseia ttoD&tt;&bg; tealbitiaMc ^pedfo^pdbits'o^ the act of !writing «eme>hMfffieea' inade tetee Shakspeare and Milton, and centuries may elapse before a poet to be joompared with them op'peilre. ' The advance inprose has not, however, in any way lessened the de light mankind still takes in the treasures of poetry that have been bequeathed to it by the past. There is some thing in verse that is hot to be found in the finest those. , The channs.of metre and rhyme appeal to.us almost as strongly as ever, and verse has this great advantage over prose, that it can be easily remembered, and is thus a perpetual mental treasure. Few persons can learta prose off by heart withoat a great effort For song and recitation, too, there is no comparison between the two forms of composition. The Specta tor assumes that prose is a develop ment of poetry which must eventually supersede the parent stock. It would be more correct to say that the}' ate independent offshoots from something that was not exactly either one or the other. The earliest form of composition seems to have been what we should now call a kind of rhapsodical prose, and from this the two branches, prose and verse, have ever been .more and more diverging. Their aims and functions hare become more . and more distinct. The pleasure they each give is different, not only in degree but in kind, and it is no more likely that prose will ever usurp the place ol poetry than that poetry will take the place of prose. Let hut ft great poetical genius arise and he will naturally turn to verse as the best means of expressing his emotions, and what is more, he will receive as hearty a welcome from the public as at any former time. The "dull season" in England lias been enlivened, as usual, by discussions in the newspapers on various stock subjects, among which the question of the use and abase of alcohol naturally occupies a leading place. This subject is always with ma. It has been debated over and over again, bnt as yet nothing like a unanimous opinion has been come to even by experts. Every one, of course, deplores the existeuce of drunkenness and over-drinking. The open question is as to moderate drinking, and whether the use of alcohol in small quanti ties is beneficial or not. The teetotal propa gandist^ we know, admits of no distinction. In his eyes the map who takes an occasional glass of beer or sheny and hitters, or in dulges now and then in a " nightcap," is as black a sinner as the confirmed inebriate, but this is not the opinion held by the mass of ittftnkind- A bombshell has just been thrown into the teetotal camp by a well known London physician, Dr. Mortimer Granville, who, writing to The Times, fr«ys roundly declared that the stamina of total abstainers is on the whole less than that of moderate drinkers, and that they are mote liable to be attacked by a certain class of maladies, such as oncer and consumption, which seize on the constitution whoa the vital powers are enfeebled by the worry and overwork of modern life. "Alcohol, the doctor says, "is a necessary of healthy mental and muscular life. Those who ab stain are, with the rarest exceptions, deficient in some one or more of those qualities of man's nature with which their racial develop i ment ought to have endowed them. The communities that have for a long time ! eschewed alcohol are weak of body and slow vf mind. They are the creatures of passions md vices other than that of drink, and they ire the subjects of a morbid fatalism and a relief in destiny, which deprive existence of to highest motive and rob it of its noblest dm, leaving it withoat the spirit of enter wise, of energy, of hope. A^tmence aU he world over and in all ages, baa taken and till takes the backbone out of a man, and eaves Mm a limp invertebrate animal vith a pulpy brain, a. feeble intelligence. Si a will , which lacks the power to issert its authority over the instincts md propensities it was rhia I strongly, perhaps ratiiertoo stion^r, jOt,bot itisnot the mere paradoxal has xhto asserted. That the races which drink mveg«ni4oQitemlofthew«M^renow a the van of progress is a to".8®- ' European has beaten the^tot^ Asiatic Th Teutonic races, people listancingthe more moderate-drinkm^ iwop >11 the Bnaaiaa, seems to tens *8™^1 yefore bitn. Itis often said that tois a^ Shtet logically conclusive, and tist ttoTsuocess of the leading races has to ft' to da** * "fc" abuse, unless they had denvec ^ D This vigorous ^ Q^d has bee» BS3S3g«ss toWaLrttocnoeanl minds as to whether this is re for ^eWvili hf jfrer-dnnkink idon ®°^Sha tie ^ ^3o« of Ck 