THE TRANSPARENT LADY: OI: The Startling Experience of a Haunted Man. A CREEPY CHRISTMAS TALE. [ By Wm. C. Honeyman, Author of "Base Coin," "Little Nell," &c.; ] What I wish you to notice is that I didn't ask the ghost to come and haunt me. She came of her own accord and en tirely upon her own responsibility. Why she should have hit upon me as her victim is one of those mysteries of woman nature which can never be explained. I always had ;i fund hope that when women shook off their bodies they would leave tlieir freaks and fiiglitiness behind them, but I've given up that. It was a pure freak which sent her in my direction, for I am a respectable Aberdeen draper, with a good wife and .1 grown-up family, and have no more inclination for flirting than a cow has for roast beef, yet it was on me, John Bain, 50 years of age, 15 stone in weight, and bald as a vulture that she pitched. Why did she not try some young hand some fellow who would have hailed the fun of being haunted as an agreeable pastime? You may well echo 'Why?' I admit that she was beautiful, but I didn't want her beauty. Set that all down exactly as I've told it to you, so that people may get my side of the story — the simple truth. I was sitting alone Li the drawing-room of my house in Albyn-plaee when she first came in, and, mark me, I was neither asleep, nor dreaming, nor drunk. Ladies are generally exacting about getting an in troduction — this one wasn't ; she just stepped in, through the keyhole or the wall, I suppose, and sat down before me without as niuch as saying ' By your leave' or sending in her card. She wasn't even an old customer. She was a perfect stranger to me ; young and fpretty, but dressed in the ridiculous fashion of 30 behind the times. My ^winter stock was just in, and I could have given her a wrinkle or two, but I was too much sur prised to sjieak. I had no idea tliat she was a ghost, for it was broad daylight and the sun shining straight into the room, and I had always thought they only ap peared at night or where there was some darkness to shine against. 'You don't know me,' she remarked with what was meant to be an engaging smile, but which only showed that she had lost some teeth. I have a son in business as a dentist, and thought of recommending him, but just then I noticed that I could see the cabinet be hind her chair and the china inside of it right through her head. I was startled — horribly startled — for I realised that I was the first man on earth who had ever been fk1-At- f-n cap 4-iivniiorli a. wftiliaii 'Indeed I don't know you,' I stam mered in reply. ''I see so many faces that I can scarcely remember them all. Oars is an extensive business.' 'Yes: you needn't quote from your advertisements,' she curtly interposed. ' Everybody sees them. What I meant to say is that you cannot know me, for you never saw me before.' 'Possibly. Perhaps if you gave me your naiiie I might liave some idea.' 'They used to call me Jane Hope,'1 she answered with a shake of the trans parent head, ' but now I suppose I have 310 right to the name.' ' Oh, I see — got married, eh ?' I said, with a feeble attempt at jocularity. I should have reached forward and given her a playful poke in the ribs, but I was afraid my hand might go through, and so contented, myself with a ghastly grin. 'Xo, I did not get married,' she calmly replied ; 'I died.' ' What I' and I started to my feet and then jriiiched my arm sharply to make sure I was awake, ' you died — and — and came to life again ?' 'Ko; didn't come to life again,' she answered with another engaging smile, showing her defective teeth. ' What you see before you now is only my ghost. Do you not observe,' she continued as calmly as a blue - nosed lecturer expounding spiritualistic phenomena, ' that the chair j on which I sit is plainly visible through my body ?' '* Yes, I did notice something of the kind,' I was forced to admit. 'Or the clock,' she added, warming to her subject and starting uj) to place her head before the timepiece. ' Look at the clock through my head.' I did so and plainly read the hour through her old- fashioned chignon. 'Are you convinced?' she politely en quired. I worked up a little wrath and then said — ' I am convinced that if vou are a genteel beggar come here to try to get money out of me you will find yourself in the wrong shop.' ' Money ? Oh, that's quite a mistake. Money is of no use to me. Observe,' and she walked to the cabinet and picked up my jubilee gold piece and put it into her pocket, through which it dropped straight to the floor. 'You see?' ' Yes, you have a hole in you pocket,' I returned. ' If that pocketing had been bought in my establishment ? ' ' There you go — advertisements again,' she smilingly interrupted. 'No, no — there is simply no pocket there,' she added, as she picked up the coin and re placed it in the cabinet. 'Then, if you don't want money, what in the name of wonder do you want ?' I I growled, getting impatient. 'Nothing.' 'Nothing? You a ghost, and more especially a woman ghost, and want nothing? I don't believe it. Were you not murdered or anything?' 'Nobody wrong you or rob you of treasure so that you could not rest in your grave ?' 'No.' 'But your lover must have slighted you ?' ' No, just the reverse. I slighted him and played with his feelings and tortured him so long tliat at 'last he turned right round, thoroughly disgusted, and married another — served me right. That put me about a little, for I rather liked him ; but it wasn't that that killed me — it was tight-lacing ; pulled my waist in from 24 inches to 18 and died of liver disease and indigestion. You'll notice my nose a little red yet. Tliat was through the tight-lacing. I'd give anything to get rid of it, but it's too late now.' ' Then what do you want with me ? - to warn me not to sell stays and stay laces or waist-reducers?' I snapped out, touched in my most sensitive spot. ' Oh, no ; though you stuck 011 the top of the highest mountain and gave me a voice to reach all tfie women in the world they would not alter their width a hair's breadth. I know them too well ; and you, who have fattened 011 their follies, ought to laiow them too by this time.' 'Then what do you want here?' I roared, feeling that she had trodden on my tenderest corn. ''Just to have a little friendly conver sation. Do you think we don't weary as well as you ?' she said as coolly as if I be longed to her. 'I am a great friend shjp-er, and intend to cheer you up in your spare moments, and walk about with you, and go to the theatre whenever there is a piece without a ghost in it. I don't like ghost ? pieces — they are so ridicu lously unreal. Excuse me for saying so, but jTou will admit that I am an authority on the point.' I stared at her with a feeling of alarm creeping over my long- married heart. 'Friendship from a ghost is only another name for haunting,' I pointedly observed. ' Do you mean to tell me that you are to haunt me whether I want you or not ';'' ' Well, that is rather a harsh way of \ putting it,' answered the transparent lady. ' I admit that you have no choice in the matter, but surely you don't object -. I was considered rather good looking and i I am not old.' 'That is not the point,' I hurriedly returned. ' You are certainly beautiful, though a little out of fashion, and I am liighly honored by your offer, but the fact is my wife is a little jealous and would certainly object. Nothing could convince her that you are a ghost, for she is of a sceptical turn, and I should get 110 peacs night or day after she once got her eyes on you. I must beg of you, therefore, to haunt some of your own relatives in stead.' ' Got none to haunt,' she snappishly rejoined ; 'all dead like myself.' 'Then there is your old lover,'' I eagerly suggested. ' You might give him a haunt or two. It would be a splendid revenge.' 'No, no ; he is happier with her than he would ever have been with me, mid I shall never seek revenge,' she incisively answered. ' Besides, he doesn't deserve it. I wonder he stood my flights and freaks so long, but men are very patient.' ' Some of them only,' I answered, with a hiss. ' You'll find that I'm not one of the patient kind, and if you're not out of here in five minutes I'll put you out !' ' How could you put me out?' she calmly replied. ' You cannot grip me or I hold me. Try to take hold of my hand,' and she held out a delicate number 6|, which I grasped at rather roughly, but only to find my hand empty. ' You see, you cannot grasp at mere nothingness,' j she continued, ' so just be pleasant and make up your mind to enjoy my society.' Just at that awkward moment, when she was leaning forward with her hand ' apparently resting in mine, the door j opened and my wife stepped in. I know it had a suspicious look, but you will see that the position was not of my seeking. My wife merely gave me one flashing look and stepped back out of the room again, closing the door with a snap behind her, and I knew that the mischief was done. | r ' You've done it now !' I said in a ! sweat of terror to that horrid creature of a ghost. ' I knew what it would be. j Now the least you can do will be to wait and explain the matter to my wife.' ; ' Not at all. I'd be the last to intrude,' j said the transparent lady, rising to leave. - I expected that. I wanted her to stay, j and, of course, she must be contrary and j leave. She might be a ghost, but there was a deal of human nature in her still. ' I made a grasp at her, but finding that I j only hit the chair back I thought of a I more suitable plan for detaining her. J *' Does it not feel queer to be so thin and vapoury* I cunningly enquired, : hoping that my wife would return. -? ' Not .1 bit. You can more about much ; easier. No one who has been a ghost j would ever think of putting on a body again,' she confidently replied. 'It's just splendid. See how easily I can walk ; no horrid stays pinching my ribs and making me pant like a wheezy horse. No concern about breakfast or about dinner 'Krtt-i-*™ i»rto/lT7 /vi' crimtarl ? no wftArviiY.o' fov tea or bed. But there's your wife coming back. I must go,' and she quickly moved into the wall— as it seemed to me — and melted away. I had no time to do more than feel the hard wall into which she had vanished when my wife stalked into the room. Her face was pale and her manner ferocious. ; ' So that person is gone,' she remarked, after a look around, putting a hissing and hateful accent on the word person, which plainly hinted that my ghost was one of the worst creatures in the world. 'John Bane, will you be kind enough to explain how she came to be here and how— ' and her voice rose to a shrill shriek — 'and how you, a married man with grown-up daughters of your own, came to be holding her by the hand T What could I answer? How could I explain, how my ghost came to be there when I didn't know myself? Nay, how could I even venture to say that it was a ghost without being laughed at ? j 'Well, well, my dear, I'm really very sorry it lias annoyed you,' I at last stammered forth, 'but the truth is she in a ? ' _ j ' A what, pray?' was the icy response. 1 'A — a poor relative of mine,' I said, ] with a horrible gulp. ' In fact, a cousin,' I added, feeling better now that the plunge was made. ! 'Oh, indeed; a cousin,' replied my wife in stabbing tones. ' A cousin ? an nl/J R-n-pptiipnvh would be a better name.' i ' She's not old,' I protested. I ' No. I see that ; that's the worst feature of the case,' returned my wife, sobbing hysterically; 'and you were busy kissing her when I came in.' i *' I wasn't,' I stoutly answered with ' perfect truth. ' What good would it do to kiss her ? I might as well kiss a slant I of moonlight.' ! 'Moonlight ! Oh, I sec you think her a bonnet on that I wouldn't pick off the - street, and her hair put up like a hay- j stack at the back of her head. Men have ' queer tastes. Well, I'll have a divorce, j Moonlight ! That's always the way with j love-stricken men — they rave about moon- j light, and write poetry, and are never j happy but when they're kissing. I re- | member how you went on when you were ; in love with me. You never kiss me now, ! and I know the cause, and the world shall i know too, the evening papers will be full ? of it. * Amusing Aberdeen Divorce Case j — Heartless Conduct of the Defendant' — that's how they'll put it in big letters on \ the bill.' j ''Nonsense, my dear. I kissed you ; this very morning.' j 'Just to deceive me, you wretch,' she answered, determined to be a martyr, i ' I'll see my lawyer to-night and have the divorce arranged. ' ' j She wanted to go away and shut herself in her, room, but I held on to her and wheedled her and abused the transparent lady and laughed at her dress and derided j her bad teeth, and crowed over her , chignon, and promised my wife the best , sealskin jacket in my shop till she began to ^ relent, and finally agreed to suspend hos- j tilities on condition that I never spoke j to her rival again or allowed her to ! enter the house. Gracious, did you ever hear of such an agreement far .?-. man ? in my position to have to make ? If it had been a woman I could easily have kept the promise, but with a ghost — a transparent lady who could creep through the wall and who seemed to derive a positive pleasure from the mischief she was creating. How could I possibly obey ? Do you not see how entirely I was at the mercy of the ghost ? I sent up the sealskin jacket next morning (there was a flaw in the fur under the arm, but my wife never noticed it), and everything seemed to promise sunshine and peace, when that transparent lady stepped in (or oosed in) to spoil it all. t was standing in my bedroom shaving when just as I had one side of my face finished I happened to look past it in the mirror, and there saw her seated on a chair and smiling us pleasantty as it she liad come to do me a favor. In mv bed room, too, and my wife busy dressing in the next room ! I turned round sweating with terror. ' ? For goodness sa ke get out of here !' 1 whispered in desperate tones, i 'Do you not see that this fun of yours is ruiu and deatli to me ? If you weren't ,1 ghost I'd kick you »ut -»f the i place.' I ' What ! kick s\\. woman '' -j1i:- i-vi^.I i:i. ! credulously. ' No, no : you never could j be so ungallant. I have only enme in for \ a moment to ask why you tibussd me to i your wife the last time I 'was here ? Do vou ! think I've no feelings ? Come now, con- i fess that you didn't r.ie.in if.' ' I didn't mean it,': j said in a sup pressed whisper, ci^vi- t-- get rM of her.' 'Ami thatyfiu thii:!: me l-e:i:itifit! T ' I rHr.k ys'm beautiful,' i .riled wuh : a squirm ; ' And your wife a horrid shrew?' she added. 'And my wife akorridshrs^jp'-'Inaeekiy answered. Then I abused my wife's face and eyes and teeth and mouth, and her mother and lier grandmother and her uncles and amits from their topknots down to the smallest corns on their toes, feeling all the while that I was the meanest wretch 011 earth and longing for a hole to crawl into. ' Now you'll do,' I added with a shirt that you might have wrung. 'Yes, but you must kiss me first,' she firmly commanded, and as I heard my wife's footstep approaching I desperately complied. It was a poor apology for a kiss — there seemed no body in it — only a half of a kiss, so to speak, and the half all on my own side ; but my wife, who stepped in at that- very moment, could not understand tliat. She thought I was en joying it and having n 1v1y.1l high time, and she screamed out and raised her hands, and went into hysterics straight oft'. I had to get her put to bed and to send for a doctor. I think the hysterics were brought on by the transparent lady dodging nimbly out at the door just as my wife was about to tear her bonnet ofi', but whether or not it was a really bad case and it took us hard work to bring her round. As soon as she was able to use her tongue of- course she opened on me and proved me the basest man on earth, whose promise was only written in water, and whose name would go down to posterity as the prince of dark ness. Wheedling was of no use now, and though I had offered her every sealskin jacket in my shop she would still have harped on her wrongs and my baseness. Till then I have never con ceived the power of a woman's tongue. She had given np the idea of a divorce, but she stormed at me from early morn to early morn, till I fervently wished that she had been born dumb, and all the time I was in the awkward position of not being able to explain. If I had now stated that her rival was a ghost through whose vitals you could have waved an umbrella with impunity, after saying that it was a cousin, she ?would simply have hooted at the reply. But that was not the worst. My ghost now took to walking with me to my busi ness and even came into my counting room and sat down by my fire and dis uuweui iiius luuiiiHig mai.ji.eu5 auu news with me as coolly as if she had been in vited, and I saw that the shop people were beginning to look queer and that my acquaintances outside were noticing it. 'Who is that lady I see you paying so much attention to ?' an old friend asked me one morning just as my ghost took herself off. I blushed like a girl and finally stam mered out — ' That ? Oh, that is a cousin of mine.' 'A cousin? Oh, ha, ha, ha! I see,' he laughed in diabolical glee. ' Oh, you wicked old rogue— take care, take care, or you'll have your wife down on you ;' and so he went away thinking it was a splendid joke. It was no joke to me — it was desperately serious — not a sthost of a laugh in it. Now you will think me very foolish to bear all that so long and so meekly ; but what could I do ? My ghost came as fitfully as neuralgia, and was as hard to get rid of. I never knew when she would hop in on me. When she was not there I was expecting her, which was worse. Sometimes she would come in while my wife was busy nagging me and sit down right behind her, and I regret to say, mimic and burlesque her shamefully behind her back, and on these occasions I uuicu iiuu iuuji «Jio xigj. a^aau uiy » lit; aiiuuxiL look round and detect her presence. I was always hoping that I should wake up and find that it had been all a dream, as they do in Christmas tales ; but the waking up never came. It was too horribly real to be a dream, and I made up my mind that if I but got rid of the transparent lady I should never more deride the existence of ghosts. How to get rid of her ! that was the absorbing thought of my life. If she had been a real woman 1 knew tliat I should only have had to fall deeply in love with her to be spurned and left alone ; but ghosts are different. Ill tiils plight I at length confided my troubles to two of my oldest friands. The first was of a spiritualistic turn and listened in great gravity to the incidents which I have just revealed and then assured me tliat the ghost was as real as the granite slabs paving Union-street, and that if I would but introduce him to her he would effec tually bring her to her senses and scare her away.. With this end in view he waited with me upon several occasions at her favorite tryst-ing times, but the cunning jade never appeared. She pro bably scented danger and not ?wishing to be scared stayed away. It's not easy getting the better of a female ghost. The other friend was of a decidedly sceptical turn and he as firmly decided that my shost was ' all imagination.' ' You might see her fifty times while I was beside you, but I should see nothing,' he declared, and then he showed me how to test the matter by shutting one eye and then watching whether the figure re mained, instead of being shut out from view by my nose. The process seemed far too intricate and elaborate for me to follow, and just then I found that my business was going all wrong, and that my chief walker often presumed to dictate to me as if he understood it better than my self, and at length on Christmas morning my wife insisted on me taking a change of air. We drove down to the railway- station and had a nice journey, after which we went some distance in a cab till we reached this fine house and grounds. I thought it was a kind of hydropathic establish ment, but it was only when my wife left it next day that I learned that they called it aii asylum for the insane. I understand that there are really one or two insane persons in the place, but they are quite harmless and have never interfered with me in the least. The doctor is one of the best men in the world, and although he has shown a strange aversion to speaking of my transparent lady he has on every other point been affability itself. But for him I feel certain I should have been ill, but so judiciously did he study my diet and exercise that I am now quite robust. Tired out at last the transparent lady has gone ofl' to torment some other, and the doctor assures me that I shall see her no more. The day after to-morrow is Christmas Day, and then my .wife is to come and take me home. She has long since forgiven me ; indeed, I must say that with^ tears in her eyes she asked we to forgive her, deel:irin»; that if -she had only understood matters she would have treated me with .sympathy ami low. Oh, how happy 1 :mi ; t«--niorr--w 1 shall be free ; and a-K my son has .-issmuod the management of my business 1 shall have nothing to worry or annoy me— not oven the transparent lady. 