ANOTHER "DREAM" liY OLIVE SCHKElixER. "GODS LIGHT OX THE MOVX- TAIXS." 44 And Go: m:J, I.e. lii-n.1 be lifhti An i thtrc whs light. " One by one the clouds lifted, aud the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. The great mountains become viaible, clearly denned against the heavens ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very fur away. But one wide bar of luminous gold lightened their elopes towards the east and iu that warm and tender haze thr brd snow melted, und tbe purple violet opened into bloom. Two dark figures of men advanced into the light. They had climbed for many hours. They bud seen the radiance from afar, and now they entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but as they stepped iuto the golden glory their , brows gr-iW heavy with distrust and wmtb. 44 "What doest thou lieref" said tlie one. 44 The light is mine I " 44 Nay, fcul,"said the other, 4 ' thou Best— the Ihrljt is mine ! " And the evil frown deepened on their faces, and ihcy forgot their brotherhood and fought —fought with a merciless blind fury for every inch of that wondrous light that was not theirs ; fought till the violets on the turf Rickened and died in the torrent of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. And the Shadow's name was Heath. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they fled swiftly : and tho Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Libt hiv still upou tho moun tains. Two women came into the Light. They were great ijuccus, brow-bound with irold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged u fainting feeble creature l:ke a child with winns, an almost dying thiug that wept and wioled aloud and shuddered ns it came. Reaching the Light, the women paused und faced eikh other. 44 l.ooe thou thy hold of Love," taid the odo— 44 for lo. we fcave reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine.'1 "U truitre-ij !" cried the other. 44 What Lust, thou to do with beauty where I nm ? I am tbe mistress of the world ; lnve is my ser vant, light my beritago. Dispute no more, for love and light are mine J" Aud again tbe shadow fell. Thcu those two rival (Queens grew pale aad thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained alone ween- ing. Aud God'a Light lay softly on the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eyes, he paused aud looked and smiled. His limbs wore very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil ; but, though his face was pftlecnd careworn, it was Lnutiful. His hps parted in a H«rh of rapture. " This L the Light he >aid, 44 My God. I thank Thee !" Aud the winged Lire, who wept aloue, drew near to him and kis.-ed his feet. "O, who art thou.'" it questioned him sobbiiigly. 44 Who art thou that hag toiled so fur to find the Light, and lmst no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and praise:" And tho St ranger smiling, answered, 4 I am known as tho Despised and Lonely. In all the world 1 possess nothing — not oven a blotting. Alouc I have boon from tho first B'iginniug— alone I mu'-t be to tbe la.it End. Bui)hu\e sought the ana found it, whoreforc I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not suffered mo to be dternnyed. lur I bear the name most hated among men — tbe name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was no inoro a Shadow but a Brightness, brighten ing into the Light itself. And tired Truth dtuuL in the. goldeu Glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar oil' there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Ligbt widened on the mountains. This poetical allegory is sent to ns by a correspondent asbaving originally appeared in an old number of au African missionary magazine, now extinct. It whs there un signed, but no one who reads it (saya our correspondent) cuu doubt that it is corrootly attributed above. If not by Miss Schreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same style. ' New regulations concerning 1lio marriage affairs of .Siberian exiles are published in the official journal of the Governing Synod. Exile to Siberia under ordinary circumstances entails the dissolution of marriage iu tho event of tho innocent partner not electing to go with the guilty. The Synod now issues rules for tho rcgulatiou of marriages iu Siberia between those whose previous marriages have been dissolved on their being sentenced to exile. It is the policy now to concentrate serious crimi nals as much as possible hi the island of Sflgh- alien, in the North Pacific, and to take away the terrors of Siberian exile by fostering colonies there. 