Silt mib Jjjumor. One player holds the cards ; another holds a r« volver. A coroner holds the inquest. There is nothing move discouraging than a. hurricane. It is a terrible blow. A lawyer said — '-T have just met a seoun nivlly barrister.' ' What :i (wincidenpe,' said i!eiroJd. 'With all her faults T lov-: her still,1' said a youth whose sweetheart was heiress to a brewery. believe it.' ' Why not '?' ' Because rich men never seem to have a moment to spare.' ' I'll wait until you are at leisure,' said a wilier to tbe editor. ' I'm afraid I'll be of no ?use to you whrti I'm dead,' replied the editor. Undertaker Morn's (abaentmindedly, as he helps his newly-wed daughter off to the station) — 'Drive slow, Janjc-H, and straight to the Brighton cemetery.' For seven years a mechanic made a circuit of half a mile twice i-er day rather than »ass a y-owdfr magazine. The other day he learned that it had been empty for eight years. Old farmer (tending- threshing machine, to applicant for a job) — 'Ever done any thrash ing V' Applicant (modestly)— ?' I a,m ihe fathev of seventeen children, sir.' School teacher — 'Now, Bobby, spell needW Bobby — ' N-«*i-d-l-e.' School tear-Jitr - 'Wrong; thwe'fi no 'i* in needW IKibhv 1 ' Well, taint » good needle then.' Alice (aged seventeen)— 'I think M-\ lVir.1 is adorable ; be is so handsome.' Minnie (nared twenty- two) --'It isn't the handsome man, d--ar ; it's tie man who rloes the most for one.'' Bride (just aft«-r the wedding) — ' Alfred, yon jmwnised to £Jv-e me a grand surprise after avo viiie married. Aiy, what ie it ';' iitUit^romn f'avid-.-v.-*y)- ?'* !''?« g',;t. srs '«&ifc;?ur»n. my twfc !'; j ' What do you think of Smith ':' ' I think he is a very bright fellow.' ' Welh you know he doesn't speak well of you.' ' What do you suppose I care what an ass like Smith thinks of me? , A traveller who had been in the Far East told a French lady that Hindoo girls are taught to think of marriage as soon as they can talk. She replied, 'French girls are not. They don't require teaching.' Tramp (entering a country shop)— 'Could you helpline a little':' Proprietor (angrily)— ' Can't you help yourself ?' Tramp— 'Thank you,' as he snatched up two loaves and dis appeared like a flash of lightning. John Wright, of Balcombe, bet a shilling he could outrun a train throngh Box Tunnel Bridge. ' ' Is this all Wright V' asked the coroner, ' 3J o, sir, there's another bucket full of him to come ov- r yet' ' What has become of your old mash Martin, cook ? I haven't seen him around much lately.'' ' No mum, Martin don't come round much now ; he's married.' 'Oh, ho ! He's married, eh! Whom to 'f 'Me, mum.'' 'Now, you never smell the odor of liquor on my breath,' said the young clergyman, expos tulating with Staggers for his bibulous propen sities. 'No; what do you do for it':' asked Staggers, with deep interest. Friend to engaged man — ' Why do you send Ethel such handsome presents'? Sweets and flowers are enough.' ' That's all right. She eats the sweets and the flowers fade. When we get married I get the diamonds back.' Grocer — 'Now, my little man, what is ifc you wanfr' Urcliin — ' Sixpennyworth of treacle.' Grocer (after weighing out the desired quantity) — ' Well, where's the money ?' Urchin — 'It's inside the pot 1' The Elderly Bachelor — ' : Emma, I look upon you with the fondest of feelings. My heart is yours ; will you be my wife V Emma — ' Have you asked my mother yet?' 'To be sure twenty years ago — but how do you happen to know.' 'Ye-*, shy* Gubbins said, much excited, ' he's a contemptible liar, and I told him soV'' ' That's rather a risky thing to do. I wonder he didn't knock you down !' said hi3 friend. '?Oh, I told him through the telephone,' said GubbhiR. A pompous-looking man proudly strutted down the pavement, with an air of proprietor ship in every movement. 'Beg pardon,' said a stranger, as he stepped up to him, hat in hand, in utmost humility, 'do I have your permission to remain in town over night ':' A student, being hard up, wrote to hie father: — 'Send me £10 by return mail. He who gives quickly gives double.' The old gentleman replied by the next post, enclosing £5, with the remark that as he had responded promptly, the £5 enclosed were equivalent to the desired £10. Mr.=. G. (to little visitor) — ' You had better put on your napkin, Johnny.' Johnny — ' Oh, no, I needn't.' Mrs. G.— 'There, you see, you have luessed your nice suit.' Johnny — 'That does not matter, you may be sure I would not put on my best suit to come here. Mother said this old one was quite good enough.' ' What is that,' said an Oriental ruler at his banquet, 'which did not come last year, has not come this year, and will not come next year?' An officer, unabashed, replied — 'It must surely be our back pay.' Instead o€ being punished for his humor the man received what was due him and was promoted to a higher position. Dr. Kenneen — 'We physicians can't en courage business as you tea-dealers can, by offering presents to every buyer of tea. ' Sif tings (the tea-dealer)—..' Oh, I don't know. You might offer a cemetery lot or a rosewood coffin to every patient who buys £10 worth of medi cal advice.' 'There is something inexplicable about the mental make-up of a woman,' 'said Fitzbrown to a female aeqiiaintanee. ' She's utterly un able to handle a horse, and yet she drives her husband about as though he were a baby.' 'Ah, but you forget,' said the lady, 'the horse is an intelligent animal.' Mudge — 'I was around to a spiritualistic seance last night. An alleged ghost shook hands with me and claimed to be Thacksby — you remember Thacksby, I suppose. He told me a great many things that astonished me, but I am certain it was not Thaekaby.' Yabsley — 'How do you know?' Mudge — 'He did not try to borrow a sixpence.' ^Cleric — ' Here are 'a lot of goods for Mr. ?Smith ought to be sent out to-day.' Pro prietor — 'Can't do it. Too many orders ahead/' Clerk — 'They are not for the Mr. Smith who pays cash, but the Mr. Smith who has an account here-^good deal overdue, too.' Proprietor — ' Oh ! hire an extra team and take them out.' She — ' It is useless to urge me to marry you. When I say no, I mean no.' He — ''Always?' She — 'Invariably.' He — 'Aiid can nothing ever change your determination when you once make up your mind V She — 'Absolutely nothing.' He — 'Well, I wouldn't care to many a woman like that, anyhow.' A clerical tramp, one of the begging-letter Pecksniffs so often met with in London, called at Spnrgeon's house, but refused to give his name. 'Say, if you please,' said the tramp, with tumed-up eyes, 'a servant of Christ asks for a few moments of his precious time.' The butler came back immediately with the reply — ' Mr. Spurgeon requests me to say that he is occupied with your master.' A man who was preparing a series of recipes for a cookery book engaged the services of a celebrated ehef as critic and reviser of his work. One day he submitted to the chef a recipe for lemon pie which ended with the direction, 'Then sit on the stove and stir constantly.' The dicf twirled his thumbs and said, 'It strikes me that's rather a useless direction, for if you sit on the stove you're bound to stir con stantly.' Wife— 'I am going to economise in oar household, George.'' Husband — 'Why. you prudent httle soul, how?' 'I am going to discharge our servant, and get an older person.' 'Well, that will be no good; the older one will demand just as much wages.' Wife (looking at him straight) — 'Yery likely, Mr. Brown, but you won't need to give her half crowns ; and what kisses you want you may have from me — me, sir.' Mr. Trotter (to himself)—' As I shall be at the office until nine o'clock this evening I guess I'll send Alice a telegram explaining matters.' As he enters the house at 10 o'clock his wife of a month throws herself into his arms. 'Oh, Tom,' she weeps, holding out a yellow envelope, 'this horrid telegram came this morning, and I've been afraid to open it lest it should contain bad news ! What in tlie world l)as delayed you so?': A funny paper lias this neat little *tory pi'' tured out : — ' A hunter weut out to hunt. At the same time a bear went out to eat. The hunter saw the bear. Quoth the hunter — 'Ah there's my fur overcoat.5 He fired. The bear jumped behind a tree and was not hurt. Quoth the bear — 'Ah, there's my square meal.' Whereupon the bear ate the hunter. Ergo (by the mutual arrangement), the hunter got his fur overcoat and the bear his square meal.' A gentleman lent a horse to a friend who is * very indifferent performer in the saddle and who having climbed to his seat promptly ceased to remain. He was picked up by the groom, who is really devoted to his master's horses and at the same time does not quiet approve of that master* generous habit of giving mounts to friends who cannot exercise the elementary function of sticking on. 'That will please the old 'orse, sir !:' the groom exclaimed with de light, a little obvious of the condition of his master's defeated friend. ' He does go well, sir, v hen he's been a bit successful !' A mild mannered young man, with a keen sense of the verities, was congratulated last week upon a small but apjxreciable addition to his family. He responded courteously to the usual solicitous enquiries, and accepted all congratulations in a spirit of gentle dignity. One friend, more inquisitive than the rest, asked — 'Well, old fellow, hovr does the baby looki' 'How does he look?' repeated the happy father, with a aeverthoughtofthat before expression in his face. ' SVell, now. that I am called upon for an off-hand descrip tion, I should say that he looks likf- a little pug dog wi*h its face painted red.' ? ? Ex-GovenorCornell, of New York, tells agntvl -frtoiyat h is r-wn expense. It seems that when in office at Albany he would sometimes return nome late at nighty after his wife had retired, and, when she asked him what time it was, would answer. ' About, twelve. '' or '' A little ftft--r midnight.'- On*- evening, instead of waking tire enquiry, s!ie -said—-' Alonzo, I Avish you would s'11^ that clock; 1 cannot sioirp ' for 'its noise : All unsuspicious, he Ett-l-};-?d tho pendulum. In the morning while drosing Mr*. C\\-)ii-:ll enquired artlessly- - 'Oh, by the \\*ay, v/hat tiun; did you gat Jiiinm''' 'About midnight,'' replied th« -iovc-rnor. ' Aioiwo, look at that e'r-?k:' Tin* hands of the tiocic poiut^l t-- H.S'K T;ie ''.'ovelini- was. tT!iseh--d. The following inc-ident is vonoh'^l for by parties wi-11 acquainted with thts 'boy,' nowa j'onng professor. He was the son of a. elcrgy »uan, Mid though -only -'- years ol»l, bright and eWr beyond his y«irs. It was at a dinner jfivwrby his mornor for a few intimate friends. Master'V ? was allowed his U4:ial nlaos at table, but becoming unruly was, by way of punif- hment, transferred to a side table, whither uuisti had removed his little plate, knifo, and fork, by mamma's order. JJo sooner was the little fellow seated in hia high chair again than, lowing bin ImsmI and clasping bis hands on his wiled hib, he lisped, with apparent reverenea and peat gravity, 'Oh Lord, I thank Tlwe that '/'hou li;-s--{ pivpared a UfXih' !X-r twit thn pri«Ete of JtVMK; pfteHiie?/' 