t ;-; The Two Detectiyes ; OB, Mountain Hag. A GOLDFIELD STOBT. 'Gods.' whispered Gool Hank, 'th« house is attacked 1' He slid from his hors« while speaking. 'Let's"tie our horses to gether; and take tue chances of thei standing. Are you well armed P* 'Yes.' j ' Give me one of your pistols, then.' * , ' Well,¡ maybe it is not so serious a matte.] as it aeems.. If it is, you'll get the wea pon. Come on.' ^ They crept forward stealthily, and Cool Hank stifled his impatience, provoked by Stanhope's caution, when he saw how like an Indian on . a still hunt the. latter made his apprdach. Several men, they could not tell the . precise number, were grouped about the front dolor where a parley was evidently going on] Stan h ope and Hank approached near enoygh to hear their words. 'I telljyou,' said one,' we may as well do it. That girl ain't goin' to open no doors for! us 1 An' I ain't goin' to stand none o' her shots, if I know it.' ' And I tell, you,' said another voice, fit won't do to hurt Mountain ?., Mag, or h ei property,'if we can help It j she's got too many friends. If we can get the. girl out--' .. "' ??? .- ^ Gool Hank's hand closed/upon Stanhope's arm.' j 'We must got into the house, he whis pered. ' ¡Let's try the rear door.' They crept through the rank grass until they were near the back of the house, and then again Hank whispered '.Stop.' They halted and listened ; then crept close to the corner of the house and'peeped cau tiously arpund it. Two men were standing near the kitchen door. One.of them was at that instant lighting a match, and by its momentary glare the two examined Ithe fastenings of the door. The light, for an instant, revealed their faces. Suddenly Hank put his mouth to -his companion's ear, and whispered : <\: -,. ' I'm going to try a trick. Give me, '¿he pistol, in case it fails.' He pulled off his soft felt hat and threw it upon the ground. * Will you untie this sling P' he whispered again. t- - - ^ v .-.-, ... . . The two men at the door were conversing in low tones. Stanhope wonderingly .un fastened the sling and assisted Hank to button hie crippled hand in the breast of his .coat, ?Then he gave him the pistol; Gool ¡Hank dropped it into his side pocket, and again put his mouth close to Stan Hope's ear, ' I'm going to play ghost,'he whispered, ' If I doii't succeed, we'll have to shoot. Watch me.' He waited until one of the men at the door struok another match,, and then . he advanced slowly and noiselessly. As the match blazed up, a slight sound, like a sigh, caused, the two men to turn their heads. Cool Hank stood before, them* upright, motionless, his head thrown back, his eyes Axed and staring ; one hand was thrust in his breast, the other ,hung loosely at his side. Rigid enough, surely, he . looked ; but anything rather than ghost-like, ap. Stanhope thought. Evidently, the men at the kitchen-door thought otherwise, for, after a single glance, they uttered a yell loud enough to startle the ghost himself, and ran wildly toward the stables. Hank was ' back beside Stanhope in tantly. 'Now,' he said, ' which way are they coming?' ' , * A sound answered him. The yells of the frightened men had drawn the besiegers away from the front. They were coming around the house, on the north side. ' Come,' said Hank, and dashed past the kitchen door, around the house, to south ward, and so to the front, closely followed by Stanhope, just as the last man disap peared around the opposite corner. Instantly Cool Hank's mouth was at the keyhole» ' Mag,' he called clearly. Mag's voice, with a note of agitation in it, answered promptly : \\. . 'Who is it?' ' Gool Hank. and a friend, to the rescue. Open Mag.' Then they heard Mag' say : 'Barbara, quick-the lamp,'and a light flashed up within the room. ' Now unbar the door,' said Mag's voice. They heard a key turned and a bolt withdrawn. Then the door opened^ and Mountain Mag stood on the threshold, with a pistol in either hand. 8km aitffi feek at (right of them, and in j another moment they were inside, and Dick Stanhope was making the entrance secure against further intruders. ' What is it P' asked Stanhope, as he turned. ' What are they trying to do P' : Mag, who had not withdrawn her gaze from Gool Hank's face, seemed now, for the first time, to notice the questioner. * Oh, Mr. Carson !' she ejaculated j and then added quickly, and with a side glance toward Barbara: ' Trying to force an en trance. They are-robbers.' * Well--. it was Stanhope who now assumed command-' we won't let them in, just yet. Is your " arsenal*' in order, Miss Drood P' ' Yes,' said Mag breathlessly j ' we have loaded everything I' And then she added : ' There are ten men, '. '. There won't be so many if they stay long,', said Stanhope. ; ' Mag,' broke in Cool Hankj 'you must give me something to cover my face. These fellows must not see me.' A scarlet flush dyed Mag's brow, and her eyes flashed upon her lover. But Stan hope spoke promptly : * ' Here, if it's a disguise you want, I'll fix you.' He drew from some inner pockets a fuzzy false beard and moustache, and shook them out with a quick snap. ' There let me put them on. Now, wear my hat. You're fixed. Better turn down that light again, Miss Wray.' ' Old Mary had entered from the kitchen. ' They're all huddled together in'a bunch out by the stables,' she said. And then she saw the new-comers, and stopped and stared. 'Let's take a look at them, Mary,' said Stanhope, and the two went out together. Mary led him across the dark room and up to one of the two windows, of which one was on" either side of the door, and both, like the door, opened to the west, i .Stanhope peeped out for a moment) and then whispered : ' Isn't there another west window, Mary P' . . . : 1 ' Yes; in the pantry.' ' Can we open these windows, without s too much noise P' i . ,' Yes y they open pretty easy.' Then she I started at a' sudden recollection. ' Why, the pantry window is open at the top I' Instantly Stanhope began to move to ward the pantry-door, which he fancied he could see on the side of the room nearest him. t ' That's it,' said Mary. * ?"..'?' . A few moments later, Stanhope re entered the sitting-room, where Cool Hank, Mag and Barbara stood, one at the door and one near each window, in watchful atti tudes. He beckoned them, and they came toward them. ' I've been listening at the pantry win dow,' he said. They're going to try moral suasion once more. If that fails, they're going to batted ¡ the kitchen door in, if we aon't stop them; V ; ' We'lr stop them,' said Mag grimly. ' Miss Drood,' said Stanhope, ' if we can drive away these men without bloodshed, it will be best, believe me.' Oh, yes, yes I said Barbara, quickly. ' You know,' . continued the young de tective, smiling a little, ' if we kill them, Dutton'and I might have to bury them ; and if anyone is wounded, you'd have to take him in and nurse him. I think we can drive them away.' « Well,' said Mag, * if you can. But I'll take my share in the burying if we shoot every one of them. What shall we dosP' Take all the gunB into the kitchen, jand when they come to the front door to parley you and Mary open the kitchen windows ; without noise, if you can.' A few moments later, a loud knock sounded on the front door. The prompt ' Who's there ?' that was uttered in an un mistakably manly voice, seemed, for a mo ment to have caused consternation in the midst of the enemy. There was no reply to the question, and Stanhope,, with his ear to the keyhole, could hear them whis pering eagerly. Presently the besiegers seemed to understand each other, and one of them knocked a second time. 'Who's there,' Stanhope called again. ' Friends. Is that you, Monckton P' * No ; it isn't Monckton,'replied Stanhope sharply. And then, loud enough to be heard by those who, he knew, were pressing close up against the door without, but yet in a milder tone, as if addressing some one in the room, he said: 'Miss Drood, I must insist that you let me and my men deal with these fellows. We were sent here for that purpose. There was silence outside for a moment, «nd then: ' Who tho dickens are you F demanded the same voice outside. * Lieutenant Baker is my name,' an swered Stanhope promptly. 'You don't want to be introduced to all my men, do youP' Again there was a whispered consul tation, and then the impatient spokesman said : 'What brought Lieutenant Baker and all his men tb this ranch* P' 'We came chiefly on your account,' re plied Stanhope coolly. . ' Bah ! We don't believe you've got any men in there 1' ' , ' If ' you stay about here' much longer, we'll convince you that you're out in that opinion.' « We mean to come in,? broke in another and sterner voice. You'd better open the door.' v ' Come in, then,'retorted the self-com missioned lieutenant. ' We'll give you a warm welcome.' For some moments longer the men hung 'about the door, giving it an. occasional shake, and making farther attempts to parley, but no voice answeied them. Stanhope was in the kitchen, "arranging his defences. Perhaps the ghost, or the fear of its possible reappearance, had prevented, the men from wishing to stand guard again at the kitchen-door. At any rate, all the be sieging party had gone in a body to the front; and Mag and Mary found no diffi culty in opening the windows. By the time the besiegers, now bent upon making a forcible entrance, had selected from a pile of timbers, intended for use in building, one heavy enough to serve their purpose as a battering-ram, the besieged were ready for the onset. At the pantry window was Stanhope, with a gun resting upon the sill, and at one of the kitchen windows crouched Mag, similarly armed, while Mary, close be side her, gripped a long pistolin oach hand. «i'm handy with both fists,' she had said. ' Give me two.' . At the third and last window was Cool Hank, also armed with a. pistol. Much against,her inclination, Barbara Wray had been sent ito the rear. Each figure crouched low beside its window ;, the muzzle of eàoh weapon obliquely upon the window ledge. The besiegers have selected their batter ing ram, brought it into place, and raised it. ' ' Now,' said their leader, ' bring it ahead a few steps more. Then a rush and it's done.' : One, two, three paces they bring it for ward.' It is. directly in a line with that .luckléss kitchen door. * All ready P' says the leader. And then another voice rings, out : 'All ready P A moment of statue-like silence within and without. 'Fire!' A blaze and a roar ; bullets whizzing over the heads of the besiegers, now tho roughly demoralized. ' That was a warning,' cries the voice of Stanhope. His words are drowned in another volley j of shots ; this time they come from the enraged enemy, and they rattle about the cottage and whistle in at the windows. ' Now,' cries the leader again, * forward with the ram, boys, and we've got her.' Again, for an instant, it is silent without. Then a mighty yell breaks the stillness, and following it the sound of galloping boxees. At the same moment two piBtol shofcs from the cottage cut their way among the men outside. Another yell, that mingles with the howls of wounded men, and the galloping horses are very near. Then the beam tumbles to the ground, and, in a moment, the last of the besiegers is disappearing behind the stables, leaving a trail of blood as he goes. I'd like to know what they thought,' said Stanhope, afterward, relating the story Of the siege and rescue to Doctor Mitchell. ' I suppose they must have imagined it was another regiment. How two such men as Vernet and Carson could have let off such horse-power yells, I can't see yet. I supposed it was all Caledonia. It wasn't a very pleasant position, though, for any of us. Leaving the outlaws out of the question, there were Van and Charlie Carson, with their led horses, tearing around the house. They didn't know whether to follow those fellows, or look for us. And when he called us-well, I didn't answer promptly. I didn't quite know what ,had happened. I had heard some one fall, out in the kitchen, and 1 was suffering,at that minute, from actual horror, fearing that it might oe one of the women. After all, it was Miss' Wray who brought us into port.' In this wise it had come about : Unable to remain inactive after the re ceipt of Stanhope's note, Van Vern et had determined to ride to the ranch ; and Charlie .Carson was not to be left behind. They had started late, but had ridden rapidly, and so arrived in less than half an hour, after j Cool Hank and Stanhope had left their horses to take care of themselves on. the open prairie.. These quadrupeds had turned their heads homewards, and were aimlessly rambling, feasting as they went, when Vern et and Charlie came up to them ; and, being on the look out for Stanhope and Cool Hank, the two were not slow iii surmising that these might be the horses., they had ridden. Filled with fear lest their friend had fallen into some ' ambush, they had taken possession of the horses, and hurried forward to the ranch, arriving just in time to hear the first vol ley, to see that it was fired from the .house, and to charge down, cheering, with their four galloping horses to the rescue. It was then that Vern et, puzzled be tween the silence and darkness within, and the fleeing outlaws without, called sharply : 'Diok-Mag-' and then last and most thrillingly--' Barbara !' And it was Barbara who was first to answer from the darkness within : Here ! oh, here I' It was Barbara, too, who, a moment later, opened the kitchen-door, just as old Mary struck a light, which flashed up, illu minating a weird scene. In the door-way was Yan Vernet grasping both Barbara's hands and saying something incoherent, while Charlie Carson peered : anxiously over his shoulder. Stanhope, half-way across the kitchen paused, staring at the opposite side of the room, where Cool H&nk; Dutton lay by the window which he had guarded, with blood flowing from his shoulder, and Mountain Mag kneeling at his side. To care for him was their first thought, but when they pressed for ward, Mag said huskily : 'Leave him; leave him to Mary and me.' ' And to me,' said Barbara bravely. Gool Hank stirred and opened his eyes. ' It's nothing,' he whispered, looking at no one but Mag. ' Tell them to see that those villains --- " He closed his eyes, fainting again from loss of blood, v Stanhope was out of the house in a moment, and Vernet, waiting only to bo sure that Cool Hank was indeed in good , hands, and that he could do nothing there, .followed him. The outlaws were already galloping across the prairie westward. When Stanhope and Vernet re-entered the kitchen? Mag had cut away the clothing from Cool Hank's shoulder. It was only a flesh wound after all. The bullet hud passed between the armand body, drawing much blood but inflicting no serious injury. It was the crippled arm that had received the shot. While Mag was staunching the blood, Mary preparing bandages, and Barbara hovering near them, eager to do' what she could, Vernet, Stanhope, and Carson con versed in low tones. , . 'How did this happen ?' asked Vernet. \ ' I don't know,' replied Stanhope, . the men were here when we came.' And he related what had taken place, as he knew it, after which - Vernet . told how he and Charlie had found the two horses wandering at will, and taken possession of them. ;' : . 'Well,' said Charlie, ' those horses are ' entitled to their share of credit; I guess they created the impression in the minds of those fellows of a whole mounted ? brigade.' « I've heard that three or. four cowboys, riding about á house on a dark hight and yelling at the top of their lungs, have been taken for a formidable troop of Indians on the war-path,' said Vernet. ' I can see now that it might easily be.' « Do you think the outlaws will come baok P' asVed Charlie. « No,' said Stanhope, ' I don't ; but we'll x be on our guard«' ' . ^ ' 'What was their purpose, DickP'. - . v Stanhope cast a rapid glance around b Usu . Haven't you some dea of their reasons 'Mn,' for trying to break into the premises. The remarks from their leader gives one the impression that they were not exaotly bent on plunder, but were determined to secure someone who was inside ?' < Wait,' he said ; ' let's go into the sitting* room. We'will light the lamps, and reload the guns, in case they do return. Our best plan now is to create the impression of strong reinforcements and perfect security. I'll dose the windows and fasten up the our tains again.' This was soon done and then they went into the sitting-room. < You asked my opinion of this business,' said Stanhope, ' I'll tell you. I think they vere after Miss Wray. And if they were, it's proof positive, to me, that Mr. Wray is alive and in their hands. They hoped to get possession of his daughter, and then practise upon his fears.' « CurBe them,' said Vernet j ' I wish you had shot them all.' 'We were too weak to begin actual bloodshed. Besides, it would haye been terrible for Miss Wray. She begged us not to kill. Our plan -was to fire together, over their heads, as they were about to rush upon the door. If the first round, failed to drive them baok, we meant to fire the second straight into them. I anticipated that they would return our volley, and thought if we oould get them to empty their weapons it would be 1 so much the tetter, in case -we had to fire the second time. The word was given tb shoot and then drop to the floor. I don't see how they happened to hit Dutton.' ' I guess, Hank didn't drop,' said a voice from the door." They turned to see Mary entering. She closed* the door arid came toward them. I had my cut at them,' she continued, ' and I'm glad of it.' ' Was it you who fired those two last pistol-shots P."asked Stanhope. 'Yes. I guess I gave 'em as good as they sent. Hank, anyway; if they didn't any of 'em stay behind.' : , ' I guess you did, too, Mary,'said Stan hope, not thinking it worth while, then, to comment further upon her pistol-practice j ?you drew blood. \Howis Dutton P' ' Oh, he'll come out all right. Some of you'd better try and get Miss Wray away. She's been so wrought up she aint thought about herself yet, but she's beginnin'to look pale, and she can't get quieted down too soon. We're going to put Hank in my room, 'cause it's handier for him than Monck's. He's ; purty weak, and'll be willin' to lay quiet a little while, I reckon.* . . ? ' ? Vernet started and turned to the door. Til go,' he said, and then hesitated. 'Well, go, Van,' said Stanhope. « Bring her in here ;'it will be better for her just now. She'll calm down quicker if she's among us all.' Vernet followed Mary from the room, and came back in a moment with Barbara, She was very pale, ; and a .strangely con fused look was.creeping over her face. She glanced about her, at "the lamp burning upon a small tábjej'ahd at Stanhope and Charlie Carson. >)i Then she lifted her eyes to Vernet's face, opened her lips to speak, and fell forward upon the floor, the words dying in an inar ticulate murmur. When she opened her eyes, some mo ments later, she was lying upon a low couch, and Mary was kneeling beside her. The three young men had retreated to the kitchen. ' There,' said Mary, cheerfully, « I knew you'd soon be all right. I told 'em so. I said you wasn't one to be fain tin' and botherin' folks for long.' Mary had rown fond of Barbara, and, if rough, she was practical. She knew how best to rouse the girl. ' What with Mag a tàkin' care of him, an' only me to look after three gentle men, and git 'em something to eat after their long ride and all the rest, I Bhould be bothered if you'd give up. But you Wt, will you, dearie ?' 'No,' said Barbara, smiling at the old woman's artfulness, ' I won't, Mary , I'm "hamed of myself.' ' You needn't be, then,' said , Mary, «îsply. «Most anybody'd faint after what you've been through- only it's all over, and there ain't a*y use to worry 111 now.' 'Well, I won't, then, Mary) I'll help you get supper instead.' But Mary would not hear of this. She veut to the kitchen and said to Vernet and we others: ' I guess you'd best go back and talk with *J» now. I'm goin' to give you aU a bite « Mmeibing.' ' Thank you, Mary,' said Stanhope ; . ' it would be very > acceptable.0 Charlie, you and I will see about those, horses ; they're loose in the enclosure, with their saddles on.» - - ? . ' . f ' Dick,' said Vernet quickly, ? you did that. I had forgotten about the. horses,' - Stanhope laughed and went toward Mary, who was already lighting Mag's lantern for him. J . ' Well,' he said, ' I thought they might not like to wait for us, if left .to their own, sweet wills. Besides, you and Charlie had just done a like favor for Dutton and me. Better go back to Miss Wray, Van. Come along, Charlie.' . ' When Vernet re-entered the sitting room, Barbara sat erect upon tho side of the couch, thinking--not,of the outlaws; nor of her terror, but of thé voice that had come ringing to her through ¿be, danger and darkness, calling her, for . the first time, Barbara. ? f t ' He caine toward her, flushing a little and saying only : ' ' i ' I am more than, thankful that we reached hiere as we did, Miss Wray. I don't understand the whole affair yet.' ' Oh, my friend, you are trying not, to alarm me ; but it has all. come to me in a flash. I am the cause'of this danger and trouble ; I am sure of it. Those men asked Margaret if I was here.' > ? . ' Did they P Are you sure P' ' Yes. They first asked for Monckton ; and next they asked her to open the' door, and let one of them come in and talk with me. Mag refused, and then they began to threaten. Mr. Vernet, do you think-tell me, do you think they wanted to make me a prisoner P' 'MissWray,' replied Vernet, gravely, *it is very probable.' ' But why, why ?' : , ' I can see but one reason. If they are. ! holding your father for ransom, and if he has refused to pay for his liberty:-don't I you seèP' . I ' Oh, yes, yes. And I believe it is true ; I I am sure it is true IV: :, I ; ' Then, Miss Wray, you have every cause I to hope. If they are hiding your father I ap there in the mountains, we shall find I him.' . . ' Oh I' she cried, ' and I shall owe it all fco you.' ... ?. . - :y .-.v .". 'I wish, with all my heart,:that .were I the case. But it is not, Miss: Wray. You owe it as much-more indeed-to others ; i to the two Carsons arid Connoliey, and \--but there, I am betraying my con federates/ When Stanhope came in he found Mag I waiting for him in the kitchen. I ' He wants to see you,' she said, nodding toward the room where Cool Hank lay j and when she had seen Stanhope enter there, and close the door, she went into the sitting-room and sat down' beside Barbara. She was pale, paler than Barbara now, and her face looked very fixed and stern* : ' Well,' Stanhope said, as he seated him self upon the edge of the bed where Cool Hank lay, ' how is it P Are you going to need Mitchell again P' ? A look of surprise crossed Cool Hank's face, but he ignored the question and asked : ... . : ;, . ' Have you told them-Carson, arid the otherP' 'Do yqu mean, have I told, them about our romantic meeting and mutual con tract P' " " , «Yes.'- , \ ^/ ' Well, no j I haven't ¡found ; ari "oppor tunity yet. But I sha)l \ telly them,' he went on hurriedly, ' for they'know so, much already ; remember, Charlie was with me, and -' ' I'm willing you should tell them every-. thing. I want you to tell Mag, too. But not the others, at least not the young lady, ?yet,' . Stanhope looked his surprise. ' Do you want me to tell Miss Drood how long you have been at Mack's wounded, and -' " * ' Yes, yes ; tell her everything that you can. She has a right to know where I've been, and I can't tell her.' « Oh I' ejaculated Stanhope, ' oh, ho !' ; ' I wish,' went on Cool Hank, ignoring these ejaculations, ' that you'd tell her as soon as you can. I want her . to know it before-before-' « I see,' broke in Stanhope, brightly. 'After she hears that, you want to add something else which you're hot bound to keep to yourself,'. ' What do you mean V asked Cool Hank, «v«rting his ieyea. : * I mean that I'm beginning to under stand you. < It's '«getting hot," as they say in hide-and-go-seek. You're bound to some thing br somebody by a promise ; you can't jive away anything that concerns others 'is much as it does yourself.' ' Take care,' said Cool Hank, slowly ; , don't get ideas that may make us bad friends. At any rate, don't talk them. I'm , Beginning to like you, and I want to prove ¡lt, but-' « But I mustn't overreaoh, ehP Well, I won't. I'll tell Miss Drood all that-1 can jibout you without saying too much about nyself. .This business has been a little aard upon you. You came 'especially to ¡iee her and you haven't-made much head way yet. Do you know that you're a regular elephant upon my hands just now.' !!? ' How ?» ? J i ' Why, I can't help considering you in jjome sort my prisoner, after alL'' ¡ « I suppose not.' 1 1 ¡ ' And I didnt't know who to appoint as !ny deputy. How would you like to have ne put you in Miss Drood's hands P' «I'm not sure she would take me,' said pool Hank, gloomily. . ; \ 1 Oh, she will-to oblige me.' Stanhope'B }ye twinkled AS he watched the other's'face. \- Thé question is, would she turn you over ;o me again on demand P I must ask' her. Seriously, now, will you stay here, or at the St. Charles, as'Mag chooses, until I see you again ?' . . ? - ' Are you going away P' ?' ^ ? « I'm going to Caledonia as soon as it's i lay light, and so is Morgan. Charlie will I remain, and' come later with you'and the ladies. You're not flt to. go down yat, and Miss Wray needs rest. 1 Will you keep your side Of the contraot P' ' , « Yes j you can depend upon me.' Stanhope was silent a moment. « What do you intend to de about Mack ?' he asked ánally. , « Nothing,' said Gool Hank. « Mack won't get any explanations from me; until you 3ay the word.' . , , ' . ' - « I'll say the word in good time. Now, ['ll go and have a talk with Miss Drood.' Î « Wait,' said Cool Hank. ' I said it would be a favor to have me arrested. I've changed my mind.' . . , * That's very odd,' said Stanhope, with a laugh. « However, I could not have thought of obliging you, anyhow, as matters stand. . It might interfere with my pre sent plans.' ' ; * What !' cried Hank, ' have you a. doubt of my guilt, after all you have heard and seenP' . ..' « Well,* answered Stanhope coolly, ' the question now is not as. to your guilt ¡or innocence; hut as to the.effeot *your arrest would have on my plans.' For a moment Hank Jwas silent.. Then he began hesitatingly, and with his face averted: «When you tell her, if she asks you-and she will, ask you-what you think about me, will you¡ say' the, best for me that you honestly cari P . Wfag's the only friend I have in the world.' i . . « Yes,' said Stanhope, with grave sym pathy, « I'll do that.' ? . ; Just then Mary appeared before'them with a bowl of some cooling, home-made draught in her hand; .,, ' Here,' she said,, pushing past Stanhope with scant ceremony, ' drink this j an d then you go to sleep. .1 hain't, no notion of haying you fretting into a fever on my hands. It'scoolin' and quietin'; drink it.'. . '.. Vv" ;/ ' . ' ' Drink it,' repeated Stanhope, who read rebellion in Cool Hank's face. ' It'll be some time before I can talk with our friend, perhaps. If you can sleep, you'll get rid of the time, and wake up ready for business, Make him drink it, Mary.' And he went out, leaving the patient in Mary's deter mined hands. It was a delicate task that . Cool Hank had imposed on Stanhope to tell Mountain Mag of . her lover's position, as it appeared to .him-, without wounding . her j to say enough to do Cool Hank justice,, without raising false hopes, and not to say too much about himself. ' I'll get, Van's opinion,' he said, aftei sdme thinking ; and at. the first oppor tunity he did. « Tell as much of the truth as . is neçes sary to make your part in the transaction clear to her,' said Vernet. ' Mag is en titled to our entire confidence, and is to bc unreservedly trusted. But to teU more than is absolutely necessary might not be a real kindness to her, standing. as she does between this goodrlooking outlaw and ourselves.' 1 4 'Then yon think.he is one of themf: queried Stanhope. + ''Yes; I can't make what has happened fit into any other theory-can you P' . 'No; honestly, I can't. I hope Mag won't cross-question me, that's all.' - ' She won't, if I know her.. Her pride will interpose where Gool Hank is con cerned, or else she'll be afraid of hearing something not to his credit.' * Upon my word,' Baid Stanhope, laugh ingly, ? you're getting wonderfully learned in woman's ways, Van,' "Vernet's prophecy proved true. . Moun tain Mag listened to Stanhope's recital in 'absolute silence, and made- no comment upon what she heard! She asked only one question. ' Does he know that you are telling me this ?'. ' ' A . ;"' ' He requested me to tell" you. He said you had a right to know.' r i 'Thank you ;' an d she turned away. . ', Just aB day was dawning, an d .Vernet and, Stanhope were beginning their prepara tions for departure, some one" came to the kitchen-door, opened it cautiously, and looked in. ' : * , . . i Barbara had fallen asleep upon the couch in the sitting-room, and Mag, Mary, and the others were in the kitchen. :Mary was first to discover him, and she called out sharply : . Monckton ! . Hi/ there 1'come in^ man, and see if ye can look us in the eye.', ,t The man's face; which had worn à look of apprehension, gradually cleared as he stared about the room; ¿He came forward, and then they saw that he was paie and unkempt1; that his clothing was damp and earth-stained; and tliat he moved like one ?' . ôxhausted. * '' j ' Monck I' exclaimed Mag, starting to ward him, ' where on earth have . you .'. been?' The man looked /weakly about, and Stanhope hastily put a chair beside him. ' He sank upon it, and looked tip at Mag."' ' i ' Mag, what, what'has'happened'?': . ; ' Wve've had. a little skirmish, Monck,' said Mag, beginning to think that he looked more like a " victim than herself, i' The house"has been'attacked,'but you see I we had help, and nobody is much hurt. What became of you', Monck r' i * I've been layin' out on the prairie, all I night j bound hand and foot... They.cut me loose a. while ago, and I've tramped back here; half dëad with rheumatism, and other half with fright. -I darsent look in ' herei hardly ; I was afraid things might be worse.' "' ? '.' '". ': ? : 'Lando' Goshen !' burst out Mary, 'I guess you'll want a h'ot dose. Why turning, in the pantry-door, ' t'o , appeal/to . the company--' the; man must be starvsd;' . ' And Mary forgot her prejudice's in jpr<?- ? paring a hot drink, arid setting forth sundry eatables, while ^lon'ckton told 'his story in the fewest possible wordp. . He had never before seen the man who- . came to him: in the af t'ernbon with the'story^ ' of a sick horse.' The stranger had said . that he was leading a valuable animal ..' into Caledoriia, intending to sell it. - YjH'c^y had been camping with a waggon-train* ;; aiid'bne of the men was his^enemy. 'Ile " believed this man had poisoned hi» horse. 1 The story appealed to Mouclcton, who wan himself a horse fancier 1 and ^possessed ol' some veterinary skill." "He set out with the stranger, and when he began tb think' , that the way was growing, long, and to , question his guide, the fellow drew a. '. pistol and compelled him to, ride forward until they were some miles away from- :>?. the ranch, when they came upon a party of men who had picketed their horst's upon " the open prairie, and were squatted upon the ground,- waiting, as Monckton inferred from' their Conversation; "for . darkness to come down and cover their forward movements. ' . They bound him without ceremony, and, when night came, rode away and left, him on the ground alone. It was impossible to release him self, and his roars for help only caine back to. him in echoes. He lay all night, wri'th-: ing in tortured bodily and mental, untilj when. it was almost morning, the band of , men came galloping ' back,' and one had turned out of the way to cut his bonds, and curse him,' and then dart on again. His horse had been taken from him, probably, for the use of one of the outlaws-^, ajri^j '' .. when he had refreshed .himself somewhja^V/i he breathed Jihreats bf vengeance. . <. * "l ' ' r '\ , After ¿Mbncktbn's return, yerri et delay.e«ÍV,¡ . f" his going a little, and found opportunity .ta . speak'with Mag. . . . . ' .,' BB CONTINtrisD.) 