\- A STAGE OHOST. In the course of thirty years' experience as an actor and manager in the provinces, I have had some curious adventures, but never one so utterly beyond my powers of comprehen sion as an occurrence which took place at the Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Christ mas 1872. I have often related the details of this matter to my friends, and it was talkedof freelyat the time. Of course, every man who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident which I oould not possibly account for; neverthe less, non. of these theories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to- day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people-at least people of my profession-are aware, is one of the most imprtant theatrical towns in England, and its Thatre.Royal is visited week after week by the lea dng touring companies. ighteen years ago, however, it was the habitof some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was m accordance with this practice that the com anny 4f which I was a member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong com hinatlon, and during our stay in the place gained mnch applaus for our presentation of hakespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mount n and accessores. Temwere three persons in our company who excited my interest in an unusual decree. The first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the ordinary run of actresses, and looked noun her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was a great thing forherchances in the profeesionthat she had been exception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it diffioult to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted severalhours a day to study, with the result that when she repreo. sented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Desdemona or Perdita, as the case might be. MissLattimer, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself in the character which she engaged to present. The second person who attracted my notice was. our leading tragedian, Mr Edward loville. He had come into the "company under somewhat mysterijns circumitances. None of us knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as most of us had; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. Our manager, if he knew anything of Boville's history, careinully refrained from sharing the knowledge with us, and we therefore Invented a story for ourselves to the effect that Boville was a peer in disguise who was acting for amusement. That he was a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tons of the society which we usually call aristoaratio, and it was palpably evident that he had been educated as only public-schooland university men are. He was always kind and sociable with the rest ot us; but we knew well enough that he was notof us, and that under other conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsome man of 28 or 30, and I often thought that he and Miss Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up a friendship whichno doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I never saw anything which led me to suppose Boville to be in love with Miss Lattimor. He was always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of his "swell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Boville was making love to Miss Lattimer, and that was the third of the three persons who had excited my interest. Until Boville's sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always been regarded as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent ment, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage-struck swells, and so on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for Boville was undoubtedly a very fine and capableactor, and well worthy the esteem in which our mauager held him. I had often thought that Melford was in love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression in his face which I did not like; I had seen him try to gain spFoch of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to one of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow when you came to know him; but his dark, sonewhat sullen countenance did not insvire any one with ieelings of liking. Then,too, he was moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. I believe that old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the fact that Melford was a thoroughly trained actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was the first week in December when we opened at Woolford, and eno were to remain there until the 20th, when the theatre would be closed for a few days to allow of preparations being made for the annual pantomime. During the two or three weeks preceaing our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford, and more especially between Melford and Miss Lattimer. On more than one occasion I happened to come across Miss Lattimer and ldelford talking together, and I fancied each time that she was in tears, while I was quite certain that he was speaking angrily and with a sort of peremptoriness that he had no right to assumc. Two days after our arrival at Weolford I overheard these two talking in one of the dressing-rooms, and caught the final words which were spokenby Mfelford. ' I shall stand it no longer: I'llgive you twenty-four hours, and if you don't speak then, I shall!" SThen he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre: and though she had a thick veil on, it was evident to me that she had been shedding tears. I wondered what it was that Melford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than ome grievance in relation to business matters, of wh'ch Melford, being a peevish man, always had a stock. And yet that hardly accounted for Miss Lattimer's tears. flow ever, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss at from my thoughts. Our play that night waao "omeo and Juliet," with Miss Lattimer and Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, and Melford in the paet of Tybalt. The occasion was somewhat out ot the ordinary, for the -Mayor and Aldermen.of Woolford had given their patronage, and were to be present in fInl force. When the curtain went up there was hardly standing- room in the more popular parts of the house; and by the time we had reached the ball-scene, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first time, there was not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, for love or money. It seemed to me that Boville was some what agitated that night. I had seen him early in the evening in conversation with Miss Lattimerat the wings. They'were not long together; but Melford raw them, and a fierce look came over his face. He went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ere long. Little did I guess how it was to come. We reached the scene where Tybalt, re turning to the stage, is met and slain by Romeo. I stood at the wings watching, others of the company standing near me. Tybalt rushed on, and was met by Romeo. I started to see how real the thing looked. Both men, Boville and Melford, glared at each other as ifthequarrel had been a real one affecting themselves. The duel com menced, the fencing was superb, for both men were accomplied swordamen. One of the men standing by my side remarked how like a real fight it was. Suddenly, as in the stage directions, Romeo ran Tybalt through the heart, and the latter with one glare round, dropped. Boville stood motionless for a second, gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And then all of a sudden, one of the girls standing at the wings shrieked aloud and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ingtheboards. Theduel had been no acting; it was real, and Melford lay there dead! I have only a confused recollection of what followed. There was no more acting that night, and the streets were soon full'of a crowd talking' of the awful mischanae that had just t.iaen place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischance it cenld be, and nothing else. By some dire mistake, Borille had use a buttonless rapier. At the crucial moment, he saidMelford slipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had penet:ated his heart. Of course there was an inquiry and an inquest and so en; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible accident, and no blame was attached to Boville. Melford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated like the pro verbial nine days' wonder. ButBoville went about lookmng very pale and haggard-a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, who some how seemed to have recovered her spirits. For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name was not on the bills, the manager con sidering it adrisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequently the duties of leading man devolved on me, and hard work I had during the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so muoh to the satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart the last night of our stay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play Romee, and I was all the more anxious to appear in that character on my benefit night because Miss Lattimer wee ans incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious about the pro priety of;produeing the play again so soon after the fatal accident; hut we finally decided upon doing so, and thebills were got out. I was annious that Boville should sup port rue. and prevailed upon him to take the part of Tybalt. He shivered slightly when I named theparttohim, but finallvconsented on condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The night came; I had a full'lhiuseand a splendid reception, and 3lies Lattimer -wasin magnificentform. The early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony stcen I felt so elated with my own success as to have visions of a great career in the metropolis. Boville, on the other hand, was g:comy apd under a cloud. "Tom," she said, comingto me at the wings, "something is goingto happen to me to night." I looked at him in amazement. He shook his bead. "Something will happen to me to night," he repeated. "I know it. I feel," he said in a lower voice, and looking round him,-" I feel that something is haunting me."' " Nonsense :" I answered. "You're out of sorts, Bovile. The Christmas jollities will put you all right." ' You'll see," he said, and turned away. The scene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Boville's approach, I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to spread itself all round me. The words, 'Th?r ramns the Cery Thbalt back aos?n.' fell on m ears unheeded. I saw Boville advancing: And then-I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a voice-ILelford's voice -whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, and saw another Romeo glide past me sword in hand. I caught.a glimpse of his face-heavens i itwasa?elford came back. I heard the rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me whisper : "Go on, Tom-go on," and never moved. I was watching something that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, the living man Boville, and the ghost felford, fighting. Suddenly, 3felford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I fainted and dropped on the stage. When I came round. it was to hear of a tragedy. They said that Boville advanced upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable renaon, stood still as if transfixed. Boville's face suddenly assumed a horror stricken expression; he threw up his arms and dropped - dead. Heart-disease, the docters said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the matter may be, and whatever was the nature of that strange secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the two men, I know beyond question that my place as Romeo was assumed for a minute by the spirit of Charles Melford in order that he might wreak his vengeance on the man who had murdered him three weeks before.-iambe,'s Journoal. 