Political and Social Notes. LBT S. O.] ANOTH EB Government supporter has loot the con- fidence of. his constituents. 'On Wedneaiia/ even- ing, Mr. FBA'KK SMITH, M.L.A., addressed a large meeting at Balmain, and on the following evening ho delivered an address to sn equally! large ona at Leichardt, and -on eaoh occasion the résolution of confidence in him waa lest by a big majority. At both places he had an excellent hearing, and with few exceptions the audience conaisted of residents in the localities. I was at the Balmain meeting, and I can assert with oonfidenoe that there was no rowdyism therein. From the first the people mado np their minds to give Mr. Smith a fair hearing. The speech was a very poor one. Mr. Smith is not an orator neither has ho much intellectual capacity. The poverty of the deliverance was partly due to these two circumstances ; but it was also duo in part to the evident fear that animated Mr. Smith, that he was no longer regarded with favour by a large number of thc persons who voted for bim at the last general election. Of course it dooa not follow beoause a majority of tho members of the meeting expressed their belief that Mr. Smith waa no longer worthy of their confidence, that therefore he will be defeated at the next general election. After the meeting I conversed on thc subject with several leading Free-traders. They told mo that although they woro resolved to vote against Mr. Smith, yot there was a chanco of his being re- elec- ted. But they were quite snro that Mosers. GAB BABD and HAWTHOBN« wonld be thrown out. Tho feeling against tbe former of these politicians ia very strong ¡ and it muat give him great concern, for he has always been of the opinion that no power on earth could prevent his being el coted for Bal- main whenever ho choBO tp> offer his services to the oonstitnenoy. AB a man who sprang from the working daises he onght, to have known, however, that no one can always command the working class vote. _ THE Members for Paddington have also received an intimation that they are the reverae of populan On Wednesday evening they attended a meeting in the electorate, whioh had been convened for the purpose of advocating theoonstruotion of a railway to the Eastern suburbs. One of thom (Mr, WANT) was in the-ohair, and no demonstration was made againbt him ; but tho other throo delivered short addresses. Each of them, on rising, was received with hostile expressions. Mr. KINO waa especially sainted. Aa well aa being hooted, he was Bubjeoted to a good deal of ridionle. Ho haa a slow drawling delivery and a ponderous manuor. When he waa in the midst of one of his solemn sentences, an irreverent working man in the audience exolaimed in a similar manner to that in which Mr. King waa expressing himself, " Let ns pray." The effect waa remarkable ; tho audience exploded in a continuous burst of laughter, and tho unhappy orator was completely flabbergasted. He did not trouble the andienoe much afterwards. Mr. ALPRKD ALLBN, another of the Members, tried to work the virtu- ously Indignant dodge, but it would not do. ile has the impression that he got into Parliament by his own abilities, and not through tho intluenoe of Sir HENBY PARKES, and that, tbereforo, his seat is aeonro, no matter what may be the pnblio feel- ing against the Government ; but he ia utterly mistaken, and BO he will discover in a few months. SHEPIIGBD, ot course, has not tho ghost of a ohance of boing again returned for Paddington ; he was played out long beforo the labour troubles took plaoe, and when, therofore, tho Ministry were in favour, Jack Want is the only ono ot tho members whose seat ia safe. Ho ia an independent politi- cian, and ia a jolly good fellow withal, and tho working men will, therefore, probably vote for him. It would be n pity if Want wore excluded from Parliament, for it ia desirable in the interesta of the colony that men of his stamp, whatever their political opinions, should be in tho institution. OCCASIONALLY ia these notes I have gi-ded at the clergy, but, on the other band, I have sometimes spoken in their praise. Bure I am that I have never oritioised any member of the doth' malic- iously, and when I have written words of condemna- tion there were substantial grounds'for BO doing. It is my pleasant duty to speak a word of praiso now. It has reforence to the Rev, WILLIAM OLABKB, the ex-president of tho Wesleyan Con- ference,. .When vacating the ohair a fow days ago, Mr. Clarke delivered an address which was excel- lent in every way. It noa packed with interesting of.modern thought, and did BO in a thoroughly critical manner. Representative ohurohmon would do well to follow Mr, Clarke's example. I do not Bay that Mr. Clarke's specoh was a completo anawer to the agnoatio arguments with which ho doalt, but certainly the anawer waa aa good aa the arguments. The address was intellectually stimulating ; oould higher praise be given concerning it 1 In that reapeot it differed from an addreea delivered at the same time by the Kev. RoiiEitT COLLIE, on his eleotión to the ohair of tho Presbyterian Assembly; that was rather of a commonplace character. THE OSBO of the Kev. ANDBEW GABDINBB haa been finally dealt with by tho Presbyterian Assembly. For an hour onVWedneeday afternoon they dis- cussed the question whether it waa the dnty of the MODEOATOH to pronounce a sentence of deposition. One clergyman .became BO excited over the matter that tbe Moderator had at laBt to warn him that if ho wonld not submit to the authority ; of the Assembly, he would be expelled from the building. That threat reduoed him to subjection. The dia onsBion having ended, tho name of the adulterous olergyman waa three times called from the front door of tho building in which the court waa assembled ; but of conrae there waa no response. Thon tho sentón oe was pronounced. It stated that . tho Assembly prohibited Gardiner for ever more from engaging in the offioo of tho holy ministry. That was pretty rough; but it was just what might have been expected. There ia to be no plaoe of repentance for Gardiner ; he is to have no ohanoe of redeeming his character. And yet the Presbyterian Church probably approves of DAVID having been retained on tho throne of Israel after he had Bnbmitted to punishment for murdering URIAH, to possess himself of that man's wife ; and the Ohuroh certainly nsca psalma that were com- posed by the said King David af tor his tremendous fall. What is tho uso of the ' Presbyterian Assembly prohibiting Gardiner for ever moro from aoting os a olergyman 1 Is their sentence worth anything outside of New South Wales t I am no apologist for Gardiner ; but I am a believer in tho tcaohing concerning oharity and brotherly kindness oontaincd in the New Testament and the writings of Shakespere. THIS WEEK a dead woman waa found in one of the streets of Sydney. That itself ia not such an unuaunl ocourrenco OB to entitle it to a place in this letter. I refer to it because of the history of the woman. She was 80 years of age, and carno out in tho " Bod ' Itover " more than SO yoara ago. The vessel was a conviot fbip, and all the oonviota on board when the dead woman referred to came out, were romalo?. Probably they nnmberod a conple of hundred, and most of them were young. A oonaidorable propor- tion wero extremely good looking. Some married well after they had been in the oolony for a few years, while others becamo members of tho demi- monde claBS. In New South Wales to-day there aro ohildren aud grand-obildron of some of the Ked Bovor oonviota, and many of thom oaoupy good positions. Thc unfortunate woman who waa found dead thia week was one of the many who came out in tho Bhip who never attempted to reform. She lived out the life she had ohosen before ehe fell into tho grasp of tho law In England, and whon she got past middle ago ahe so conducted herself that she spent moro timo in gaol than out of it, Finally she died in tho etreot. TUB Chief Justice, Slr FBEDBBICK DABLEY, has declarod from the Bonoh that Mr. FBAHK SMITH,' M. L.A., has committed tho offonoe of bribery, ' A few days ago tho attention of his Honor was directed to an item in a solicitor's bill of coatB that was before tho Court. Tho itom was tho record of a payment Baid to have been made to a member of tho Legislature for services rendered. It was of such a suspicious nature that tho Chief Justioa inBtruoted tho solicitor to make an affidavit, explaining to whom tho monoy was paid, and Ute naturo of tho services for which payment had been given. Tho instruction was obeyed, and yostordny Sir Frederick Darley dolivcrod his opinion thereon, AB explained by him. Smith's conduct was a olear case of bribery, as that offonco is interpreted in Parliamentary law. It is noteworthy that at Smith 'B meeting at Balmain, to which I have referred, Mr, H. LEVIEN, ono of tho members for Tamworth, supported tho motion of confidence regarding Mr. Smith, and explained that bia reason for BO doing was not because he believed in Smith's political opinions, bnt beoause ho regarded him aa one of the moat upright men in Parliament, What will Harry say. now, and what will Harry's constituents think of the matter 1 ASSUMING that Sir OBOBOK G BUT waa-¿ beUever in\their doctrinos, the/msmbers ot tha'BInglo-tar League in Sydney invited! him in meet them at their rooms to receive,, a-, congratula tory address from them. The veteran accepted the invitation, and after the address had been presented, he deliv- ered an address. Bat instead of endorsing the peculiar views of his worshippers, he declared that the single-tax system could not be applied in these colonies. He expressed himself in favour of taxing what economists call the unearned increment, but he added that incomes should also bo taxed. That ii the position of all economists who belong to the school of tho late JOHN STITABT MILL,, and is very different from the position assumed by HENRY Geom) E. Although the Single-taxers present ohcered the veteran, it may be taken for granted that they did not approve of h¡B remarks. Ile carno to bless, and behold he cursed. Sir'Geor'go Grey said that if the unearned increment had always boen taxed in Sydney, the city would now be filled with splendid buildings, and the IOBS of many children who have died from want would have been preserved. That is sheer nonsense. As . it happens, we have the splendid buildings ; and it is not on record that any ohildren, except a few who had drunken parents, or had been born illegiti- mately and abandoned, died of starvation. SYDNEY,' SATDBDAY. 