The Wedding Ring. It is an incontrovertible fact that every woman feels a certain interest in the subject of wedding rings. And, indeed, it is natural enough that this should be so. Type and symbol beyond aught else of the most important crisis in a woman's life, the wed- ding ring must necessarily be fraught with fascination for wife and maid, for old and young alike. Hence it is likely that some matter of entertainment may be found in the study of its history and association. Everyone knows that rings were worn in old Bible days, though what part they origin- ally played in the nuptial ceremony is not so clear. But at any rate they form an impor- tant portion of the wedding service among the modern Jews, the regulation in force among them on this heed being very strict. The ring must in every case be examined and certified by the officiating rabbi of the synagogue, to make sure that it is of the prescribed value, and the simple operation of placing it upon the finger is so binding that this alone, apart from any other portion of the ceremony, is considered to constitute a legal marriage. In point of fact, however, it is not from the Jews, but from the the Romans that the nations of modern Europe derive their wed- ding ring. Among the ancient matters of the world rings were commonly used as part of the rite betrothal. But it is worth while to notice that there was one special difference be- tween the ancient and the modern use of rings in this respect. In their original employment they were really not wedding, but betrothal rings ; that is, they were given and taken as the public expression of a man's promise to a woman that he would marry her. As a learned writer has told us in regard to the early Italians, ' a man who wished to pledge his faith to a woman, placed a ring upon her finger, which at the present day is preserved for the benediction of marriage. Two points are thus to be remembered— that in old days there were two distinct cere- monies—the betrothal and the actual wedding —both of which were equally essential to the full solemnization of the marriage ; and also, that the ring was originally used, not for the second ceremony, but for the first. Such was the custom deuing the pagan era ; and so it remained throughout the early cen- turies of Christianity. Marriage even then, and for a very considerable period after- wards, was regarded in the light of a civil contract only, and was entered into before a magistrate ; while the ring itself was used as the symbol of promise in the preliminary rite of betrothal. Gradually, however, these two cere- monies became merged into one by the loss on the part of the betrothal of its first formal character. For some time after this and in consequence of it, there was no small uncertainty in the use of the ring, which was not infrequently left out of the business altogether. But, after a while, it reasserted its importance, and once more came into general use. Moreover, it now began for the first time to limit itself habitually to the single hoop of plain gold—a form which has become inseparably connected with all our modern notions of what the wedding-ring should be. It will thus be seen—to the surprise, doubtless, of not a few readers—that the wedding ring is not a Christian institution at all, but rather one which we have inherited along with so much else in our ceremonial, directly from classical antiquity. This leads the writer to mention a curious point in connection with its common employment. In pagan Rome the betrothal ring was worn on the third finger (the one next to the little finger) of the left hand, as it is to-day. This position is said to have been chosen from the belief—unfounded af course—that there was a vein of nerve running directly from that finger to the heart, a belief which was accepted not only by the igno- rant masses, but also by the learned men— the doctors and philosophers of the time But in early Curistian days a good deal of confusion seems to have prevailed upon the matter, as a result of which the ring was often placed and worn upon the woman's right hand. In the old Salisbury manual is found spe- cific reference to this fact in a very singular passage, which throws some interesting light on the subject of the wedding cerrmony in general. From this we learn that the bride- groom was to receive the ring from the priest, who had blessed it (and this blessing, it may be remarked, is still hinted at in the marriage service of the English Episcopal Church) ; and then, holding the right hand of the bride in his own left hand, he was to recite the words, ' With this ring I thee wed.' Then he was to place the right hand thumb, saying, ' In the name of the Father then on the first finger with the words, ' And of the Son then on the second finger, adding, ' and of the Holy Ghost,' and, finally, with the closing ' Amen' on the third finger, where it was to remain. But in the course of time uniformity was established in favour of the left hand, and there is no longer room for question concerning this important point. Of course, no one aqcuainted with the mar- riage service of the English Episcopal Church needs to be told that it is absolutely necessary according to the rites of that church, that a ring should be employed. But beyond the simple ordinance that a ring there must be, the church makes no specific conditions, so that (curious as it may appear) a ring of any size or weight, material or pattern, will serve the purpose naturally well. It is naturally enough not often that one has to chronicle any departure from recognized custom in this regard ; but such departures do from time to time occur. A story is told of two paupers ' who came to church and requested to be married with the church key, as the parochial authorities had not furnished them with a ring.' The clerk, it is said, not unnaturally, felt ' some delicacy ' about this, and finally found another way out of the difficulty. He fetched an old curtain ring from his own house, and with this extraordinary article the loving couple were duly united in the holy bonds of matrimony. But, though this par- ticular clerk saw fit to hesitate, the church key has been employed, and that more than once, in place of the ring during the last hundred years. Even the Duke of Hamilton ' was married at May Fair with a bed-curtain ring. Nor does this by any means exhaust the list of eccentric makeshifts. To give one other instance, it is a matter of history that a lady was once married with a ring of leather cut transversely from the finger of the bridegroom's glove. Thus the plain gold hoop now sanctioned by long usage, and surrounded as it is by un- told associations, is by no means so essential to the marriage ordinance as most people sup- pose. Indeed, it is only during more recent years that it has been accepted as the proper form of wedding-ring ; for in former days rings used for marriage were frequently chased, or set with stones, or inscribed inside or outside with names, initials, or mottoes. One might give a long list of these mottoes, or posies, as they were called, but it would hardly be interesting or instructive ; for they were not as a rule distinguished by great poetic ability or marked originality of thought. The following, picked out almost at random, will do very well as samples : ' Our contract Was Heaven's act.' ' My promise past Shall always last. ' As long as life Your loving wife.' ' God unite Our hearts aright.' ' This has no end My sweetest friend ; Our loves be so No ending know.' And then, of a more purely personal char- acter, such as this : I did commit no act of folly When I married my sweet Polly. The above are neither better nor worse than the average of the innumerable mottoes in common use ; but others were sometimes em- ployed which, if more original in their con- ception, were also of a less innocent char- acter. The old poet Herrick, whose verses are often so fresh and beautiful, once suggested an extremely pretty posey which, though of course too long for actual use, is also too good in matter and form to be passed over here : ' And as this round Is nowhere found To flaw or else to sever. So may our love As endless prove, As pure as gold forever !' So it appears that the wedding ring, like all things human, has its history and its ro- mance. Nowadays it may indeed be said that its adventures are well-nigh over. Per- haps so. But, be that as it may, the writer feels safe in prophesying that so long as hearts beat in unison to the same hopes, the same aspirations, the same desires, so long will the wedding ring keep its hold upon us all, as the enduring symbol of faith and sacrifice and love 