j$hq ottIand (undian, (ESTABLISHED 1842.) With which Iin orppred Ite ~,artlaud Jtltrror. -0-- Published every Monday, Wednesday and Friday Evening WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1891. Oca MxBna. - - The Hen. H. J. Wrixon informs us that at his Friday evening's address to his conitituer ti he will explain the contents of the Feder ation Bill. Mr. Wrixon will be in Port land Saturday, Sunday and Monday next, and for a few days following will visit various of the country portions of his con. atitnency. An OwL IDxrerr,--On the Portland Racecourse to-day is a familiar figure at local and distriot race meetings in early days, and who, residing at a distance, has returned to renew his nqeuaintance with the old place. We n!?aJe to Mr. G. Bell, who is abo"- tIL oldest racing man on the course to !y. He ran a horse called Spanker at the first rece.meeting held in Portland, and also ran a horse at the first race.meeting held in Coleraine. Mr. Bell is delighted with the enterprise now being exhibited by the race club management, and has congratulated them on the new and substantial improvements on the course. AcOIDEsT.-We are informed that a somewhat serious accident occurred yes terday at the boat-barbor works: Some of the hands were engaged at the crane, and had a heavy weight on when by some means the handle slipped and rapidly revolving struck two mnn with great force. E, Frost was hit somewhere about the bridge of the nose and sus tained a rather severe wound which neces sitated medical attendance. 0. Patter. son, another workman, was struck in the abdomen by the handle, and suffered great pain. We trust the injury will not prove serious. Osrruary.-From a South Australian paper we clip the following:-Mr. Andrew Langton Clarke, a young man who held a responsible position as Assistant Engi neer of Roads and Bridges under the New"South Wales Government at Broken Hill, died in the South Terrace Private Hospital on Friday morning fiom tuber culosis supervening on typhoid fever. Mr. Clarke, who was a promising and much respected officer, has left a widow and an infant daughter, Fran.-Yesterday evening flames were observe.d issuing from that portion of the Botanic Gardens fence bounding the creek opposite "Greenmount." The Curator and other willing helpers were soon on the spot and after samo trouble the flames were extingui.hed. Several of the grass trees at the place mentioned were burned, and the fire appears to have been wilfully started by somebody, prob. ably a boy cr boys. It wts fortunate the fire was observed in its early stage±, as the dense under.growth would have formed excellent fool for the drouritng element, and much damage might have been caused. Tie WaoSocD ls.--'M'The IHrald linds it was wrong in stating that " Captain " Foley had confessed to having murdered Irs. Jubb at Parliament Place, It was a man called Armstrong and numerous other names who made the confession, TuE WANDERER.- We hear that Mr. T. Dusting, the owner of the Wanderer, over which boat some discussion has re cently taken place in our open columns, has received a letter from the St Kilda Yauht Club ostensibly offering to make a match. Mr. Dusting's plucky challenge made through these columns is, howevel, ignored, and in place of matching their own boats against the local craft the St. K.Y.C. wish to pit the Cooeans against the.Wanderer: Aft-t professing willing. ness to stake the reputation of the club on a trio of boats mentioned-the Camilla, Astoria and Waterwitcb, we did not ex pect to see the St. Kilda Yacht Club turn tail in this manner. OCRoss v. SHuan or PonTLAND.-A letter was receised from Mr. F. L. Lyne, Shire Solicitor, at tke meeting yesterday asking whether he would receive the writ on behalf of the Shire in the throatened aotion by T. Cruss. It was decided to fight the matter out, and Mr. Lyne ac. cordingly received instruclions to take service of the writ and defend the action. A Cuacous Poar.- A Launceston tele. gram to the Herald says :--"Great interest is felt over the nominations for the Selby electorate. The nomination paper of the old member, Mr. W. Side. bottom, was not dated when lodged. Mr. P. Archer the opposition candidate, f?und it out ten minutes before the hour of closing, and waited till the time expired, when he drew the attention of the re turning officer to the omission, and claimed the .seat. The matter was re ferred to the Attorney.General, with the result that the nomination was accepted, leaving Mr. Archer to petition if he likes." MINrHAxnra SHIRE HALL.-The locale of the Minhamite Shire office is causing a considerable distrhbance amongst the residents of Macarthur at present. A sort of impromptu publio meeting was held on Satarday night at Silberberg's hotel (writes our Macarthur correspon dent) and the chairman, Mr. Chamber lain, explained the position of affairs. He showed that land had been purchased in Macarthur for the purpose of erecting the offices here, and when Cr. Hinchliffe had moved for the completion of the purchase of this land, under the suspen. sion of the stauding orders the matter was practically settled. Now there seems to be a fee;iog in the council that Hawkesdale should be established the municipal capital of Minhamite and the -meeting I hare alluded to was called in opposition to that view. There was a good deal of discussion at the meeting but the only business accomplished was the mo-. tion of Mr. R. Robertson that a public meeting be called for the 15th inst,, at 8 o'clock, when the whole question will be deliberated. The arrangements for the meeting are in the bands of Messrs. Robertson, McLean, and Jacobson.- Tri. bune. FIRE AT BoLwLnaR.-A fire occurred at Bolwarra on Sunday night on the premises of Mr. W. Henty. The stables and coaehhnnouse were destroyed, together with a quantity of the contents, consist ing of harness, saddles, tools, hay, besides a number of turkeys, fowls, &c.; The friends of Mr. and Mrs. Ienty will regret to hear of their loss. Foun.--The boat belonging to) Mr. T. Tulloh, and which was set adrift the night of the narrow escape from drown ing at the pier, has been recovered, though the owner scarcely expected to see her again. The boat was picked up, little the worse for her voyage as a derelict, on the Narrawong beach, and has since been re. turned to Portland. MILITrar INsPrxctois.-The following is the text of the report upon the recent official inspection of the Port Fairy Battery of Garrison Artillery, viz.: General condition-Good. Attendance Fair; 14 absent'is a large percentage of the strength of the battery. Turn-oat Good; more attention should be given to pipeclaying belts and slings and proper preparation of pipeclay. Haversacka should be more neatly and uniformly folded. Some great costs improperly strapped, Drill- Manual and firing good. Gon drill satisfactory. Reposi tory too slow; an endeavonr should be made to smarten up the repository work. Books well kept. Stores in very satis. factory order-a distinct improvement in the condition of stores was observable. Orderly Room--Iu good condition. Pie. sent-3 officers, 3 sergeants, 36 rank and file; total, 42. Absent with leave, 7 rank and file; absent without leave, 7 rank and file. RoYAL SalUTr.--In connection with the general order to fire a salute of 21 guns from the local battery on Queen's Birthday the instructions conflict some what with those issued in reference to the 0C.pounder on the hydrsulic carriage not being fired until atter it had been ex. amined. Three guns are required to fire a Royal salute, and by taking thse 32. pounder up, and using the two 80-poun ders, this conditionicoold be oomplied with. Further information on the sub. ject has been requested from headquarters. Tl?s 'Covr.-The Port Fairy Gao:ella says.-Yeslerday good hauls were made of enormous barracouts. Someof the fish were regular monsters, and one brought to this office last evening must hare measured considerably orer four feet in length. A oouple of nasty accidents with fish.hooks happened during the afternoon Mr. I1. Dunn having a hook so deeply embedded in his arm that it was founod necessary to file off the shank and out out fiom the flesh the bent portion of the article, whilst Mr.F. Cnrrow also sus tained an ugly wound in the face, from a hoo? which caught in his nose, and was with difficulty extracted. Avnirtr.--One of Mr. G. Tulleh's lighters either got adrift or dragged her moorings yesterday morning, and was se ctored when woll inshore, but fortunately before she got aground. Mnourt fsrtc.r..-The first parade cf .hluoted lifles, held at Narrawong res terdlay, was entirely sati.factory. Fif. teen men werer in attendancs, and went through their preliminary drill in a very crtditable nannor. \'ssirus to l'ortland races should not fail to call rt the' Sew Lead " it is the chealoest housj in town for drapery, clothing, &o.; Fresh shlipn?,nt aren opened weekly when customers can ahlays depend on having things fresh. .A ei len did lot was opened on Saturday, which will prove in quality and prices that the " hoew Leed" cannot be beaten,-Arnn, FIsn.-A few haddock and barracouta continue to be caught. The latter are of large size. JonasTos REsPITED.-The Spectator correspondent on Monday wired:-To. day, at ten o'clock in the morning. James Johnston was to have expiated his crimes on the scaffold, but at the last moment, just before the sheriff arrived to claim the body of the murderer, the governor of the gaol, received a telegram from His Excellency the Governor and another from Mr. Shiels, the Attorney.General, ordering that the execution should be stayed. It might have been supposed that the condemned man would, on be ing informed of the reprieve, Lave ex hibited some sympton's of relief and joy. On the contrary, however, he appeared surprised, and asfar as could be seen from the working of his face, disappointed at the sesult. He appears to have resigned himself so entirely to his fate, that the it telligence that a further delay was to be suffered, came as an annoyance rather that a relief to him. It has been ascer tained that the sudden reprieve has been brought about by an examination made of Johnston last night by Drs. Hardy and Scott, who immediately afterwards tele. graphed to Lord Hopetoun their convic. tion that the prisoner was insane. RaOcrvEn.--We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Melville, Mullen and Slade, "The' Australian Critio," wbinh, as its name implies, is another addition to that department of periodical literature denominated reviews. The current number of the "Cri:io" (it is published monthly) contains some in. teresting articles on contemporary literas. ture and art. One contribution that should be found interesting to lovers of Australian poetry is that in which the writer claims to have found in 31r, G. Essex Evans, the author of a volume of poems, a composer of Australian song as truly Aautralian as Kendall and as truly poetic as Gordon, in addtiiun to which he has not the innate melancholy of the two poets mentioned. We have also to hand the "Illustrated Sydney News," both the letterpress and engravings in which are excellent. H~IuILTOs Barcc CoxPaxY.--Several gentlemen interested in this company met says the Spectator, at Mlr. Carter's office on Saturday to receive the report with reference t) the trial of the clay sent to Ararat. Mr. Daymond occupied the chair. A letter was read from Mr. J. Bloy, brickmaker, Ararat, stating that he had scat a sample of bricks made from the truck of clay whtch had been for warded to him from Hamilton. He had moulded all the clay that had been sent to him, and found that it would not stand the drying or burning. Mr. Rowe had been there and could see that it would be a failure. The bricks which he had for warded were made, the large ones from half sand and half clay and the small ones from the pate clay. He was sure the clay was of no commercial value. Mr. Rowe corroborated the statements made in the letter and then reported having made endeavors to find suitable clay in other places obont the town, but so far with but indifferent success. After a lengthy deliberation the gentlemen present decided to continue their efforts, being sanguine that they would ultimately be crowded with success. Viccns~tos. - The results of the in vestigations of Dr. Gressawell and Dr. Shirres, of the Public Health department, in connection with the recent baby show. indicate that the system of vaccination in colony is on anything but a satisfactory basis. Half of theinfants examined did not bear any marks of vaccination, and but a small proportion seemed to have been successfully operated upon, Assuming that the infants at the show presented a fair field for enquiry there is felt to be much need for an improved system before anything like immunity from small-pox can be secured. A fact which is quite evident is that there are too many vacci nators, especially in the country distrcts. It is an exceedingly difficult matter to obtain a constant sapply of serviceable calf lymph, and there is less chance of successfol operations being performed with a large number of vaccinators dealing with cases at long intervals than with a few continuously engaged. Then the means which are adopted to ascertain rhetber operations have turned out suc cessful or not are inadequate, and it would be a great improvement if the English method were followed of having inspectors to report on cases some Itme after vaccination. Quntrat.v Cocars.-To.morrow His Honor Judge Gaunt will preside at the local Court of General tesaons and County Court. In the former jurisdiction Ellen Gainaford will be tried tor conceal ment of birth, and in the County Coourt there is at least one rather important action for damages rising out of the late bush fires at Gorse. ASoTnR CrCLOaue..-I-Mr. John Hen ninga has just completed for publio exhi. bition a cycloramio picture of the Cr?c. flzion. The three figures are detached from the landscape, that of the Bavrior being copied from Van Dyok'S famous. composition in the Academy at Antwerp, while the two thieves are represeunted as coarsely animal in physique. A kull at the foot of the central cross recalls the very ancient tradition that Adam's skull was baries] in Golgotha, and theartist Las introduced Suoh of the sacred localities as are visble from Oalvary, incloding, of course, the city of Jerusalem crowning the eminence which overlooks the ravrines of the Kedron and of Hmnnom. The hour chosen, says the Argu, is that in which the crucified Redeemer gave up the ghost, and the vail of the temple was rent in twain. When properly illuminated, as it will be on being opened to the public, the impressive scene as depicted by Mr. Hen. ninges promises to be extremely effective, and is likely to attract the religious section of the community more psrtcularly as portraying the most tremendous and momentous event in the history of the human race. A vet'rsc, woman names Scott made a lucky diseorery o0 Tuesday last at Dia. mond Creek. She was removing some erth 0i0 a sddock na ]joiuing her residence and came upan a mustard tin buried just benecath the curface. tier attention wras directed to it by its great weight, and on evoamination it provcd to countaied seve. reigns rto trh nmhr of "i.0. It is stated that tLe father of the yong ni- n w in the habit of secreting hie money in this manner, thus accounting for its pro. sense there, CADET. Movvsa vs.-It has been arranged that the 9th Battalion CGaets shall go to Portland on Sunday, 11sy 24th, by the train which leaves UIIail. ton at 4.15 a.m. They will parade, says the Spectatlr, at 10.15 am., previonusy to starting for the different churches, and again after service they will parade for a few minutes and that will complete the:r movements for that day. Monday's drill will commence at 7.45 and after the attack, formation and battalion drill hare been gone through a fu dejoie will be fired and they will be finished before the morning train starts for Hamilton. It is not improbable that on Monday a rifle match will be fired between teams repre. senting the Hamilton and Portland State schools. Srocs SA.rz.-Messrs. Freckleton and McGallum advertise their monthly sale oi stock to be held at Yambuok to.morrow. Tno Liverpool barque Riveradale pot into Moreton Bay in distress on Sunday. and the captain reports that doting a reeent heavy gale a young Greek sailor can amuck on deck. He first knocked down one of the crew with a screw.jack, and upon the carpenter going to the rescue the Greek drew a knife and :tabbed him in the arm and aide, and was about to stab him again, when another seaman rushed to his assistance and seized the Greek. A desperate struggle ensued, and the lunatic bounded out of the seaman's arms, and ran along the deck and meet. ing the chief mate struck him a blow with the knife, severing one aide of his face. Captain Farr now appeared. and the Greek rushed upon him, and after a short struggle the two fell to the deck. where the captain received several stabs, The whole affair did not occupy more than two minutes, and the crew were jest rushing towards the Greek from all eidsa when he jumped overboard, and at once disappeared. The deck of the vesoel wa covered with blood, and the ship pre sented the appearance of a vessel which had been engaged in battle. Fortunate?, none of the wounded men's injiriee proved fatal, and they are now restored to health. PLrsTT or Co?rrDE-cL.-Ro creater proof needed to show I. A. Carey's oalue is the best than to see the progress he has made; customers know where to go and have always found the price the lowest, the articles genuine and disap. pointment avoided at " NewLead." lie also avoids buying low manufactured articles merely for quoting prices, and in any way deceiving the public. I am opening new Winter Goods weekly, and respectfully solicit an inspection, when every attention and civility will be given. -[AerT.] At the City Court on Thursday a men named Hand was fined £10 with 5s costs, in default three months imprisonmen:, for cruelty to a horse. The fine was not pFai so the owner had to go to gaol ; the horse had to be destroyed. A gentleman whl drew attention to the state of the animal was thanked by the Bench for his humane action. JusT ABarven, for J. Conch, a splendid assortment of Ladies' and Gentlemen's Boots for winter An extraordinary case under the Health Act came under the notice of the Port Melbourne magistrates, when an aged woman named Elizabeth King was pro ceeded against fcr being in occupation of a dwelling unfit for Luman habitation. Inspector McAdam stated that the place was totally unfit for Luman beings, and a notice prohibiting occupation was pested on the 25th of January last. The Bench inflited a fine of 10s for each day (vcz. 81) the defendant ocaupied it since the posting of the ntice. The total fine amounts to £4 10s, which is r:coverablc by distress. Dcauze a storm at Broken Hill on Thursday, two children belonging to J. op;ey were struck by lightning. Mrs. Copley, with the children aged 9 and 4 years, was sitting in the front room when the Ihghtning smashed the windmow t atoms, set the books lying on the thble aflame and destroyed bricks from the chimney. The two children were ren. dered unoonscious. The electric current tore the girl's dress into ribbons, burned it and split her boots open, Both children soon recovered. ?Uenr .-In our advertising columns will be found a new advertisement frci the "h'ew Lead" that is worhy of penusal Tnx Warruambool Racing Club mune £1,000 out of their bazar during race wee', in aid of the funds for secorin; ftr all time the existing steeplechase course. SAVE dOnlET by sending to Lincoln, te'. ?c and Co., Limited, 238 Flindes street. ?.: bourne, the largest tailoring establishment it the city. They will post to you free c: ac,,: cation saqple of tweeds and instraniote :: self-measurement, A reaily god .-r.c?~ alltwoolsuitto measure .or4 try ?tlh. \- Constable Tphey, io~. wfrle condct at the Dartmae races an enquiry was recently held, has been allowed to resi-n his position in coosideration of pre?rns good conduct A female junior assistant is required 5t the Portland State School. Mi. George Gray has been appointed to the charge of the Mytmysn S:tate School. Brobbia and Williams, two rrominetr members of the Hamilton Football Cicb, have left for Ge Oelong, The Casterton correspondent to the Spectator saysithe local races were not co succesaful as formerly. Stansbury and McLean have igoel artcles for a sculling race for £.Oc and the championship of the world. Fossil remains, supposed to be those si a fossilised whale, have been discorerel on the Grange Burn Greek, Hamilton. CanixrtT the best medicine known Is SAJurO and Sors'E Ec'atur? Erzranci. 7st its eminent powerful efetfs in coughs. oild', influenza; the relief is inst scrious cases, and accidents of all kinds,be they wo~runds, burns, scsaldings brise?,~pin it is the safest remeday--no swellmig-no in flammation. Likesurprising effets produced in croup, diphtheria, bmnchitis, inf?ammaticn , the langs, swetlings, kc.,diahma,dysenty, d:csieas of the kidneys anduinaryorgsu. In acn at bhspitqls and ciedical clinics ad euer the globe; patronidedbjiuls Majest'i the FIc of Italy; crowned with medal sad liplemm at International Exhbitlon, Amtealam. Tenet in this appronved actlle, and reject allotbha 