tohc ptfe. FASHION NOTES. A stylish visiting dress is of black Irish poplin, with a panel of turquoise bine poplin embroidered with jet ; full plastron, also em broidered with jet : bonnet of black lace ornamented with jet sprays. Robes still retain the tendency to length, ' with a ghost of a train, and a sort of umbrella expansion. Sleeves continue to be worn high, and the shoulders square. Pinks and bines are the reigning colours. Black toilettes are still very popular. Black alpaca U used -with good effect. Simple and stylish Li a gown of black alpaca, semi-fitting, the jacket cat with rounded basque. There arc three buttons across the chest, the vest, which is not conspicuous, being of white drill speckled black. Heliotrope and brown and green and brown combine well in millinery. Flowers resting on the hair under the brim of the hat are always becoming. Sulphur- coloured roses look charming in a black lace hat. Black wings and wild pink roses on a foundation of black lace straw make a very lovely toque. Striped flannels and bine serges are the dominating dress materials for travelling, the seaside, or the country. They wear well and look the same if simply made. The staffs muBt be good, and can be enhanced with silk ornamentations. For evening wear foulards, satinettes, and moslins. A becoming style of making up all soft flimsy material is to cut the bodice on the cross, and fold in round the figure over a deep yoke of coarse lace. Have a plain skirt, and sew on to it rjond the hips just to meet the bodice a deep floonce of the Lice. The sleeves wood look best puffed over daep cuffs of lace The fashion is to put a doable frill finely kilted down the full front of the blouse, or one frill to reach just belois- the bust. The collar band is straight, tilde, and made with folds of silk. There are no sides, back, nor sleeves to the blonse front, but it keeps well in place beneath the open fronts of the coat bodice if properly arranged. The smoking jacket for women is the latest of New York novelties. It is not at all mannish in shape, but it is severely made with ' frills or plaits, to afford no cover for the smoke. Pongee silk is the favourite material, and a certain Royal Princess -has one in a colour appropriately called * tobac ' of linen, lined with dead gold surah. Pink and yellow is a favourite millinery combination ; so too are yellow and violet. Black straws are used to the exclusion of white, but various shades of fawn are popular, and some of the French model bonnets and liats are of f&nn; colour, shading to brown. Brims of hats and bonnets are meant to be nipped or bent to euit the face of the wearer. There was a time when a black dress was never seen at a wedding ; now, on the con trary, black is most fashionable for weddings. But, halte la ! let us see (says Le Journal des Modes) what kind of black is worn. First, the dress itself, is of the richest of perfection of silk, and the skirt is edged round with a lace flounce, embroidered wi ~h glittering gems. The jacket bodice is opened also over a waist coat of the Eame glittering embroidery, com-' posed of pe&rifi;, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds, and it is, moreover, edced round withadeep lace flounce, like the flounce on the skirt, and toe sleeves are likewise entirely of the same lace. The ehh of new gowns lies in the bodice, as the skirts are uniformly plain. The fancy of the moment is for bodices with jacket fronts, short and jaunty Zouaves or Figaros cut in new and varied ways- The top»of the jacket is sometimes shaped in two square corners above the annholea, with lapping stitched edges falling on a full vest — a pretty fashion for snow-flake wools or fine mohairs. * Other jacket fronts are formed entirely of wide moire* sash ribbon over a crepon bodice. Lace Zouaves are on crepe de Chine gowns ; very square revere, or gathered jabot revers, edge otber Zouaves, and an entire jacket of crepon (sleeveless, of course), is worn over a bodice of India silL-. for t rimming gowns w it h black lace. The taste for black lace has in many cases superseded that earlier expressed for Irish fcioe and cream puipure, which necessarily gives a more summery look to a gown, and that is not always desirable. The basi|ue if of black lace can be worn very deep, und sleeves and. yoke are covered with this delicate veiling — not only silk dresses, but gowns of (bin texture, uch as nun's veiling and printed delaine are properly truninvd with black lace. The I»asque of lace is often set on beneath a narrow Iwsque of material, which i- cut iu short srioaxe Tubs. This plan may be variud by gathering the lace so as to foru i a headinfT. The lace used is not by any means heavy, and Spanish laces never appear. 