IN GOD'S ACRE. *- ? THE BATHURST CEMETERY. HOW IT STRIKES A VISITOR. No. 1. Occupying an area of about ten acres and situated on a gentle slope of land at the North West corner of the city one finds the Bathurst Cemetery. For fifty years past it has been the receptacle of flesh that has 'shuffled off its mortal coil' and passed from this mundane sphere into the life Elysian through the portal of death. Time has rolled along his ceaseless course, civilization and settle ment have brought with them increasing population, year after year graves have been added to, and fresh ones opened up, but the Cemetery remains as of yore. I start out on my tour of inspection at an early hour in the morning, when one is able to experience the exquisite beauty and delight of a fine Summer day in the country. Thinking of the spot where some time is to be spent in contempla tion, on surroundings which bring you face to face with the question of a man's destiny, one feels that after all there is some luxury in life. The air is full of scent and sound and sun shine, birds twitter, in their leafy retreat, insects hum on every hand with a cadence that is refreshing as it proves rejuvenating. Concentra tion of thought ends in a soliloquy on life, and opens up a theme that might not be unprofitably used as a preface to the articles I am deputed to supply readers of the National Advocate. ' Single is each man born into the world, single he dies, single he receives the reward of his good deeds, and single the punishment for his sins.' Thus in a few words is given the destiny — the DESTINY OF ALL ; no matter by what diverse course the life of each one is carved out. Samuel Johnson, in his ode on Winter, sums up the word ' life ' in four lines : — ' Catch, then — Oh ! catch the transient hour. Improve each moment as it flies — Life's a short Summer — man a flower. He dies — alas, how soon he dies.' All of us complain more or less of the troubles of life. They are as numerous, in many cases, as they are burdensome,' and, in others, as much the ghosts of troubles as the spirits of defunct bodies which are said by some to roam at their sweet will during the witching hour of midnight. Faced boldly, the latter are found to have no substance in reality, and prove invariably the mere creations of our own morbid imaginations. In all the perplexities, and difficulties, and troubles of life how strange it is that not knowing what may happen we fear the worst. When we come to know the full extent of any danger it is half over, and we feel sufficiently buoyed up to face the other half without any trepidation. Among the troubles of life how many of us wrongfully place tho necessity of labor high up in the cate gory. For my own part my experience has taught me that work, and hard work, if only it be done in moderation, is in itself a source of real happiness. Well employed, do not we all know HOW QUICKLY TIME PASSES, while in periods of idleness the very moments hang heavily on our hands. Occupation is one of the best antidotes that I know of against the cares and petty troubles of life. Scarcely ever is the busy man found fretting. 'From toil he wins his spirits light, From busy day the peaceful night; iticli from the very want of wealth In. Heaven's best treasures — peace and health.' Money doesn't always bring happiness to its possessor. Keeping it is dull and anxious drudgery and the dread of loss very often hangs like a dark cloud over a man's life. One Roman epicure of whom I have read, when he had squandered most of his patrimony, but had still 250,000 crowns left, committed suicide for fear he should die of hunger. On the other hand labor, humble though it be, and does not bring the promise of fame or competency, gives us the satisfaction of duty fulfilled and the inestimable blessing of health. Labor is said by the ancients to have been the price which the Gods set upon everything worth having, and right down to the present day there is much triteness in the old saying, ''It is better to bear, out than rust out,' for there is a dust which settles on the heart as well as that which rests on the ledge. But while I argue that labor is good and essential for man, I admit, as Hood in his immortal ' Song of the Shirt ' shows us, that not unfrequently it is carried to excess, compelling many to wearily ask — Ah ! why should life all labor be ? Youth is the time for work, when the idea of execution and of struggles is inspiriting so that as years advance the hope and prospect of PEACE AND REST gradually gain ground and When the last dawns are fallen on gray, And all life's toils and case complete, They know who work, not they who play, If rest is sweet. Then turning aside from a few passing thoughts on life, with its joys and sorrows, its smooth roads and troublous tracks, its fame and degradation, and all the other ups and downs which are crowded in the short space of one's career, the mind attempts to peer into the invisible and see that which has not yet been vouchsafed to man, DEATH IS THE MYSTERY which none of us have been able to unravel ; we have to rest content with a knowledge of the fact that it is the end of all, the remedy of many, the wish and happy release of some. What the journey to The undiscovered country from whose bourne No traveller returns is a secret locked up in tho womb of tho future. I am satisfied if in tho hour of death my conscience be at peace, the mind need not be troubled. If we enter into a rest after the struggle of life, that to many a weary soul will be a welcomo bourne ; and if, on tho other hand, wo are through THE PORTAL OF DEATH entering on a now sphere of existence where we may look forward to meet, if only those of whom we have heard often, those whose works we have read and enjoyed, and to whom we owed so much in life, but those also whom we have best loved and lost, then, indeed we may cherish a certain hope that the interests and pleasures of this world are as nothing compared with the Heaven after. So much in the way of morally NOW TO PRACTICAL BUSINESS, I have already said that the Bathurst Cemetery covers an area of about ten acres. It is fenced off into eight sections for use by the various religious denomi- nations, and the whole is enclosed a paling fence that gives abundant ev- dence of long service. In itself the fence is just about as sombre as the general surroundings, and along the southern line entrances can be effected almost every few yards. The Jewish burying ground, on which more than one mound marks the resting place of the dead, is about as unkempt as negli- gence can well make it. In many places the fence is either broken down or in a tottering state, and I was assured by a gentleman with whom I made an inspection that the ground is made a sheepfold not unfrequently. There were abundant evidences pointing to this conclusion, and this in Bathurst with its population, and claims to rank as the great sanitorium of the West! Who is responsible for such a condition of things? I hope to be able to show, as well as touch on other matters in con- nection with the cemetery in a subse- quent issue. 