THE ffOUSE OF RIMMON. i BTOBY OF THE "BLACK COUNTBY" : OF SOUTH STAEPOBDSHIBE, CHAPTER XXXYIIL—(COHTDTOED.) Bi JEANIE GWYNNE BEXTANT, Author of • aur SasaKB*! Two Lnacns," in. Madeline on every oocaaon kept as much in fto background as possible, distinguished most t» her unobtrnsivc nelpfnlnem, Bat when the mar gave hia Christmas Ere party this year, At was prevailed opon to aooompany the StUrings1 principally to avoid making herself eoaspicoous br resisting their importunities. Here, during toe performance of a Beethoven mata for piano and violin by Miss Towera md the vicar (be had a greatideaof elevating lie popular taste),"Madeline sat with such rapt attention that the eyas of everyone became fixed upon her. Mx. JiocŁingham caught her in her listening attitude, and when the sonata was over, aakedharif die played. "I hare been ioeamaed to playing,*' die replied simply.- "Soma of my relatives are professional mn^ioiar^." . She had aoaroely uttered theee words when (he appeared to regret them. Mr. Bockin^ham mw this, and bo lad bee at onoe to the piano, and plaoed har before » volume of Beethoven's Booatas. She (ought out tin Sonata Appaswmata, and rendered the surpassing music with deep feeling. £ very one, even the least educated, pre tent, ^ras impreeeed, and all agreed thatahe must not be allowed to stop. Still as Andy' and as self-forgetfully she commenced "Lea idieox." Never was more pathos thrown into .the sonata, Mr. Boekingham thought. She made the instrument speak impassioned and plaintive farewells, heart- WjlńiJł fuj wnńpfjmpi: arid flanpand hallowed affeofioa. 'Botwhen&t;łiemeof the Betnrn broke from her fingers, the joyousneas of it •sited the vioax, and Amy. Towers, and KadanePfllbofc-Mio bad ia spite of hereelf drawn near, beyond dwrrtpHmi. "Madeline tnrned, and settng their marked pleasure, repeated this final movement unasked. Thśr d«nt wish thus granted them,caused Mr. ttockingham to refiect that be bad never Been delicacy of feeling in any one before. He tean to be deeply intended In bet. When ńi had finished, he said to her in a reverential tone— "You said yon had eome relatives who were professional Miss Orme. Why did jrounot tell meyon were oneyouiself f" "Because I am not one," laid Madeline gtavdy, anlloókiog Withont fear Into the eyes oftho clergyman. "Really, Mr Saltring," said .Sis near, V how Juve you possessed yourself of all this talent, aiul why in the name of charity :bafe you fciddmtheli^cijdexabushelf'' " "Well," repliedMr. 8altrmg, rather red bat (sry good-humoured, 'i I don't know. mach tboat music myself, but it did strike me she tjaved very well; bat my danghter, who is a fit of a judge, thought otherwise." lb. Saltnng was redder after having made this remark, tor he was consciocg of having Mud more than he bad intended. Bat feeling Compelled to say eomething else nów, lie added, with all appeannoe of oindour, "I.may as wdltell you that ehe Binga, or yon win say I live hidden that light under a bushel, too." There was a general boxz when this was heard. Everybody was of cmfe opinion. She must siug at onoe. Her talking voice was so sweet, what must it be when she sang ?• " I feel as if I am'being shown/'said Madeline, with the faint smile which traversed her face rarely. "But since you wish it, I will There was no need to ask for silence when ibesat down once more'before the piano. As the vicar had shown bo strong ^ preference for Beethoven, it " f ^AUYdaV «J»»t «ha riinm łn She sang it to the Italian words. One Woman, a butcher's wife, remarked to one of her friends, " It's the beantifullest thing I ever heard sung. But I can't think the wards are wry gooi. They soand . Boman Carbolic Bb. 1 ' Never had there been each a party at the fearage. Mrs. Saltring was reoonalea to having a^me; for wasn't this-great attraction of the evening her own property, eo to speak— or to Bay thffleast, her importation^ .Utethat iMht?Mra.SaltingentLfcnfi'a chamber xo Idas bear favourite again, and trade mach of ber.' She found Hie- weeping nttedy, and nothing Ae couldVlo fednręn Jthe fid to say why. It was a neat trouble to ber, out she was compdled ky Jladdine's entreaties b leave her. - And Msdełine ^łsnt a'vigQ that JJEht, and made a rebospect ^-ner ńnth ub harrowing rfw^su.' &gunst; ber win. Hiis Maher occopition itiQwben ithedbw inter •"^ing broke; it iras'ClvutmaB ftj. * M theS. Qiriitmas ja vicarage j •w?4iut«e«l ott ilie i ' mealed to them. the seatMadelme'ammarUy: raeiquisitelT tnund nopyi yaeias; and łtadaMrińsdtoiwes inSBetie /^ ttnt, in the vicai's handwrifing. Wifliln .tłiż •nok was a bookmark with tbraxibbomTuuig- BKnom it; at the end of ^ ^ ^jdeop^ TO ™ whitŁ were «nglśred,-thoagb ainQy, ™™thing«u old,the ieatara «f & c()DL- "Oh, no," Uaieline'ceplied. "He bas me something be. valine, -Z' am rare I the ijcatientered ł,^. v.-—i•ce'notwifhoutajglance S5#lm spectades at the galtrings*^«ew. "•Ulna waaholdingłas ueaentinhSr banda. gj~*j£noonebqt Ma/MW knew that he »aw S-. 8^' w»«Tidentto*n thncangrega- MMhittherteirwas onhla metflev&fiad; •g«heCote pteadad such a, aemri., indiń thepe^cTSSoeof the PunrtwJ tn» łflua łłw. uJmA *ou never tang in dtairdi betes,"Mrs. otaerred to bar as tiiey wm ^It w« flu Jeart I can do,*> Ifaadine ie: the graves and not seeing them. " I bare one sister now, bat I once bad another. Bat she { was lost She used to play and sane like yon. This bookmark was hers. When I heard you sing Adelaide you won it from me. I will tell yon some more when I can, if you will let me." " It is very good of you to truet me," said Madeline, looking meekly down. "I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as if inspired to ask one more question, she injJgiirM, "She did not die,' your sister, did '-The voice in which he replied, "" No," was scarcely audible. ' They liad reached the church gates and parted on their respective roaSs When Bbe reached home, a new surprise awaited Madeline.' 'A large packet had been left for her daring church-time.- The .writing outside it was identical with that upon thiełool of anthems in the church. She eat down in a chair, and nndid her packet. It was a volume of Beethoven's sonatas, but nota new <me; and -on the cover was the name "Olive Boekingham." As the name met her eyes, they dilated. All the household were crowding about her; bat die could not refrain from saying, " How strange I How Tery strange!" "Itis a great compliment," said Madeline, "that be should have given me these. They belong to his dead sister, or at any rate a lost Well, what is there odd in it, then said' Mra.Saltring- . ;; ... .t , " Only this;" eaid Madeline, . disamily turaing the leavts of the snnstas,' ?my mother's namfe, was OlivB." Tr...- '. J ' Mr3. Saltring expected mora on bearing tbiB; bat Madeline began to-draw off her 'gldves leisurely, tŁen rose and went Upstairs. The plum- pudding had'been brought in, all burning, according to old custom; and a dish of hot mince pies liad called forth a shout'of. glee from the youngsters. This shout covered a cry from Madeline, who was seated oppodte to the window, and saw someone pass. That someone rang at the door, and was admitted. A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring,. and gave him a card. "Strange!" be said; "I don't know the name at aU. Bimpler who can he be?" At the sound of the name, Madeline grew more composed; "a chance likeness, that was oil," she thought. " Well," Mr. Saltring said to .his wife, "I will go and see him, and bring him in. Hie may as well join as. He'll take a glass of wine at all eventB. He may poBsiUy have come from a distance." And Mr. Saltring laid hiB table-napkin upon the table in a heap. Mrs. Saltring could not help noticing Madeline's peculiar look; and it passed through her brain in a vague way, how queer it was that, people's looks should be so different on different days, and resemble people they had nothing to do with. One day Madeline reminded her of K$ziah's baby, but now there was a proud look in her face that recallei to ber no one so much as Mr. Roclcingbam. It was odd; and she unconsciously wondered what bad brought it there at this particular moment. Mr. Saltrine's load voice was soon beard as he approached the door across the hall. The dining-room door swung open. Mr. Bimpler was with him. Madeline did not turn her face. She bad never known a Mr. Bimpler. Be bore a very-strange likeness to someone she had known. She would not look at bim. Mr. Bimpler, for bis "part, did not notice anyone but Mra. Saltring, to whom be was in- troduced, and with whom be entered into oon- Ton know the people I am with, I believe,'' he said to ber. " I am Sir. Hackbit'e cleric, and it ia bis busmesa that has brought meberetoday or rather las trouble. He is ill, and Mrs. TTuJrVt begged me to ask Mr. Saltring to come over. Claret? Yes, thank you." HisglasB was filled. Mr. Simpler glanced round the table, in the act of n"""E bis glass to his lips. "Good heavens," he exclaimed—"I mean, good claret." Everybody stared at bim. What did be mean by saying "good heavens," for "good claret, 1 ' and in such a tone too? Bat it was quite clear lie bad sufficient cause to exclaim, for Miss Orme was in the act of falling from ber chair, in a swoon.' That must Juaro been what startled him. Butbowodd,^then, thatheshonld hare eaid "good claret," alter" good heavens." A neat commotion' followed, in which Mr. imńWmade good bis escape from .another. room,explaisiiilii& in Si notaUogetheńr natural noe, that iUinscn were beet out of tbe way. He was alime in the drawing-room foreome minutee. He stzuck his hands together two or three timeB, and said, "Curse it! She's infemally like her. She is ber! and it's the minitimplmmnt buninf^f 1 . She knew me; that's why she Con—found it i" At length a smile broke over his face. "I needn't trooble myself," lie thongbt. "She doesn't eeem to know me. Besides, I can swear Fve never seen her before: mistaken identify. Very awkward though! Ishonld'nt care for it to oome oat. that I was a medical stadent in Gtomany,' and all the rest of it. Wonder where hojpnotter ia? By Jove though, she's r grown handsomer; and more a fool, probably. She mnst have been • fool to believe me. I wonder what she'd think, if she knew that the child wasn't dead, aftęr aU, bot only taken away. It's a very strange coincidence that Mrs. TłackbiPe. adopted child should have so much of ber look. Mere coincidence. It would be too much like the penny agonies, if that ware to torn oat to be the vety child. Yet soch things have happened. , It's so difficult to get at the trufli, the woman having left the neiriibourhood directly, and taken the child with Iter. And Mrs. Hackbit says this child was a collier's, who was killed in an explosion, and the mother died of the shock so the thing seems square enough.'" lir. Sutnng.entsred, and pat an end to these reflections. " . , ' v . . , " How is Miss —:—the young lady ?'* asked Mr. Bimpler in a matter-of-fact way, and with no expression of .any sort on bis'faoe. " X&s; Orme is better now. Sheis not strong. She bas had excitement this morning; that most be the reason' of her fainting. It is not the first time she has done so once die has been with us." -" Has die been with yon long P' sskea Mr. Bimpler onooncemedly. ^ ' " Not very,'" replied Mr. Saltring; " bat we have grown very fond of her, and we hope she w-on't leave us any more." i Mr. Ampler devoutly hoped she would, bat «ould searoely make, the renmric. " How long baa Ur. HadSat been eo 31!"' " " Well, b^s been driuking a' great deal lately; and X think it's been owning on bim'the last&wdays.; There was no-kwiping l^m from it. Ł^SmyŁestrbutnhoapiljtodictatet«r jiim^r •• - - ,. .. • Tfere'slio fa^fotfinch»:lM^time?'Baia Mr.'Saltring, "that we most Jfrive.' Ifts too £ir for one terse; - but I know ^pohlic-tipaBe where I oan change xm the way. j ryBdóne it tadfe" ; ' " ''. ',•„.'. Jb.Sattm^sj^tr^^ppeazeaatlhedoor; and be and Mr. nimpW got intoit,-and drove away. Mr. 3impler«mawtiiig opojithe froeti ofjthB.airsad j£e dipperbeas^of ;tto roadj tStf^'ftiiP^gfei^. ^ 'eMłjńanUz. Ha3Bat'i , JTOaaŁJ-^SiOTl^tó^JtfWg in un llowntfair rbtims facing the street; Jbut «tte^np^n*imsbad % ligbt, r _wHai : -Oa«o)ning they werenwt ly irasim^yim im^Jfcfiimplerrittweaier, and looked »tj ^^ceasdi-and answered Mr, Saltring ccly- _ ^^oSloStorŁaidiieetiMr. HMłłit, and łiad Sderedeachlaigedosesof landannm, »0 ~ - Haetint^ared .sotgmjW^ ia with f^Mr. Haddoit, which Wnson dia not ttiiik proper.' Vor wfe, u j i suited a tniS-ii&tK;' - • Aj Jtr.< Salbmropenedths door -offliebed „mTHa sawSSSTterrifiedand: ' WdXr jŁ«ibitjn»TOy Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected terribly, and looked as if he coold notnave slept for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised die glass to hia lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, but trembled eo violently that his teeth chattered against the glass. He swallowed the dose, however. " I shall be rained," said he, as soon as he bad swallowed it. " They're all in the riot Saltring. There's that lumpier, he ferrets everything.out. He got to know all about ancle Bimmon and the busmeps in Bram." Here he broke off, and began to strike the air violently. " Take that," he said, " and that" The perspiration was pouring off him now. Mr. Ssltnng pinioned nim, fearing what he" would do next. V Look here," be said, " Saltring. I'm not going to be cat with them knives. I know what you're holding me for." " You're not going to be cat with any knives," replied Mr. Saltring. "WelL" returned-Mr. Hackbit, confidentially, " Fve killed that fellow three tima today, and there he is again," and be shook him* self free of Mr. Saltring, and plunged towards the mirror, in which was his own reflection, and sent it smashing into the window. Mr. Saltring seized him, bat he was not sufficient. Hackbit straggled and raved. KeziaŁ flew from the room, and called Mr. Bimpler. Wilson was on the staircase. "Fetch the doctor," Keziah sal to her; the master's worse." She did not go back into the joom. nOace free, she dared not.!return. She just went downstairs and sat in the dark diningroęm, ill a kind of apathy. ' " * . • ' . She was startled" from ber reverie by ' the doctor's voice. He was asking where she was. She went to him. " Have you given the laudanum, Mra.- Hackbit, 20 drops every two hoars, since I was here P" he asked her. Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," eaid poor ywiflh. The doctor was an abrnpt, and not a ladies' man; so be became angry. " Do you want him todie," he asked, with an aspect of ferocity, " that you don't obey my orders ? He would have been asleep now, if yon had done what I told yen." And with this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah f lowing. Mr. Hackbit bad in t le meantime been fastened tohis bed, and had become more violent, though his efforts were ineffectual. ' ust one drink of brandy, Bimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. " It would make a man of me again. Look here," he called out to the doctor, " these madmen make me stay out in this graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but lean. Oh, how their bones rattle f Just one little drink of brandy, and I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly. "Look here, my good people, it's not my fault," he called out, " I am only the representative. Yon didn't borrow the money of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother me about where you're going to sleep to-night. See, I am in a cold graveyard. I've nothing better.' Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was dropping some more laudanum into this glass. " He's in a bad way," he said. He must get sleep," eaid the doctor, "at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent this lan- = lage. Bat looking in the .doctor's face, he concluded that his Dark was worse than bis bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, bat did -cot appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, and he moved them inoessantly in a nervous way against one another, or upon the the quilt. " Are yon staying here to-night ?" the doctor asked of Mr. Saltring. " Yes,'' he replied. "Then give nim the 20 drops again, every two hoars uutil be sleeps. Mrs, Hackbit ought to -go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give har two glasses of port wine." " Thankyou,doctor,'* saidHackbit. "Tfca&s; something like. I shall be another man now." Overbearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordered for himself. Keziah had dipped from the room, but Bhe was standing outside. I have ordered you to drink two glameB of port," said the brusque doctor. "No, no," said Keziah, waving him away with her band. "Not that, not that terrible stuff, after—after what we've seen. - Order me landannm, like him npstain ; ..a good dose, and end it alL". And she burst-into a passion of weeping. The doctor patted bar bead, as he might have done a child's with bis rough, heavy band, which could be gentle, it. appeared. " You want rest." And he took her with him downstairs and administered the port wine there and then, and went away, mattering that women were most extraordinary creatures. "Only think of that beast upstairs bong cried about, and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man is the more they stick to him." . As soon as he was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring'g use and comfort. Some hours later, when sll-was bodied ia the sickroom and Keziah was lying on the couch in the "dining-room alone, die saw a figure standing outside, looking up to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother after a long absence. She could not let him go away again without having one word of comfort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew to Elwortby's side. "Oh, Bapert," she ssid in a convulsive whisper. V He's maddened with the drink." Elworthy held her near him, and mattered something she did not cateh. - "You have got' some doctor, Kizzy r" be said. *' Did he tell you to give laudanum ? He must have it to get to sleep, or he will die." . "Oh,ye8, Bupert," said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear in it. " My poor darling," said Elworthy. What else coold h6 say"?' Ybamust not'remain here another .moment; you are trembling." And he added with some vehemence, "If yon were ill, who should keep me away? Who is with him now? You've got a nurse, Bay?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of bis darling having to listen to the ravings of that brute who called her wife. "Mr. Saltring-came, and'is with him tonight," she answered. ' - " God UesB and reward bim for it,? said Elworthy solemnly. "And now, goodnight. 1 ' AtwI he eaid lingeringly, " I shall came attain to-morrow, and nntQ this trouble is over. You may speak to me or not, as you need." He longed to kiss her, bnt aid not do. eo. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in ti£| darkened .^ ^°Bnt aU flns tinie~itr. r Si]ji®Łplfflf"iad _ keeping vigil, like the owl m a ijelfrr, widest awake wheii others are sleepng;' and had been in no' small degree amused'and • gratified -by the :' "'CHAITKH SL.--CHEimjUfi B0SES. _ " TbeioUowingjnoming, to tlie utter astonish- ment of everybody but Mr. Saltring,,,Mr. Haddrit presenteda .perfectly ińoraljLppearanoe—^xabt, Eeemeaqdite well.' Hewas, not iniroodtemper,however.'.Mr.,Sflltni« <»uld ' Hat Keto t ^ ^ bdrig wdltraated,|ie -M tWttM leave the -house withpnt tj>eaLii« if iL - |Ete Earldwayst>Ben «2iOTaytdnd^Ksaabiand HąfiirfrTfJhąff Ładlormer pouversations apbn'tiLe question of jdrink, whiSi mide it easy fęrUbśtospesk. 1 - • ^niejoonvCTiatioiito A^pl^wluleHftfłKt run in bed, eating his breakfast, at eleven o'clock, for he fcad plept jOl then. ; « fbhfc abadjoVHadcbtt," Miv Saltring began." Youwere goingtoreformwhenyou married; This is the way you have'.done it. Don't you think ft too tiaa?" , \- "That's all you know about it," ^retorted Hackbit, with a tunning Bcprestoon. ""You see, IthougtilwasmanymganKShestwornan, bat I bavB changed my opnion, and see no necasiity for beingtoojftrgcular." " What do you mean, Hackbitf * said Mr. Baltrillg vary indwnanfly.^^^re you aware rgmenbyjom Tile imirnnationfV. a "o. — . ,f> Ha!»4«aied Hackbit.^ • "That kind of W^elKa my,.opinion ^it^lhtte is no audi • > as aii honest wtiinajC" : • -... jSaltring atared. ^Awianotfaraińo- \- V .'i - " ' ... — " No, I don't. It was he who told me first Be had seen them together, and seen him lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him, I suppose." *'I don't believe a word of it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping his bald head, " end the sooner you get that slanderous villain outof the house, the better. He must have a good opinion of .you, to toll you such a thing. I'll . answer for it, nobody would speak to me of my wife so. You are as bad as he is, Hackbit. We can't so easily get rid of you, but you can get rid of him." " No, 1 can't," replied Hackbit, shortly. " Because you want to keep him as a spy, I suppose." \- " No, not for that either. I can do my spying myself. But he knows toó mach of my business to be sent away." "It must be creditable business to make you afraid to send bim away." " It?s none of your business at in rate ; but I tell you one thing, Mr. Saltring, 1 shall not have you here lecturing me. Every Englishman's house is his castle. So take vourseff off. I won't have yon in my house another moment, on any pretence whatever. You see I can send you away, if I dont send Bimpler." And Hackbit tore violently at a bell rope near him. It came away in his hand, and dropped opon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enough to have done anything. Mr. Saltring smiled faintly, and eaid, "Ifyou. were going to ring to have me shown oat, you : might spare yourself the trouble; I know the way." And he moved towards the door. "His from a. man," he thought, " whose life I have probably 'saved." How mach he wished he nad kept bis temper. This man .was master of the house, and of Keziah; and now that he was forbidden the house, he coold help in no way, whatever might happen. He went slowly from the room, followed by a mocking laugh from the b<>d. When he heard this ana thought of the spirit that prompted it, his heart failed him for the giri who must remain under the same roof; and he thought Utterly, how far from human help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat her. He had been downstairs to breakfast, and Keziah had become almost cheerful with him at the table to wait upon. She had been so comforted in having him in the house. How should he tell her he was never to come again i He went to the nursery to look for hex. She thought something was wrong, for he did not notice either of the children. " Kizzy," be said, " come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when 1 shall get the chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, and waited for him to explain. " Yes, Kiśy, I am not to come here any more," be said* "I have offended your husband.'a She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds had depended on it. The , ground seemed to be taken away piece by piece rom under her feet. Mr. Saltnog," she said at length, with tearless eves, "do me one great kindness. It it, I know, and my heart will ache. But now is the moment. I mnit make the sacrifice. Who knows what tragedy is coming to this house? Dear Mr. Saltring," die sai£ clutching his band in both hers, while he looked away from her, " take Bertram home with you. You offered to do it once, and I would not. I thought I was going to do so well for him. I have not the power now. I feel he is not safe under this roof. My husband hates him. If everything must go, why not sooner as well as later file wOI cry for me a little, bat he will forget soon. You will all be so mod to bim." Mr. Saltring had let her go on without replying. Then he turned bis faoe fall cm her, and, holding her by both shoulders, said, " Get him ready." The smile that broke over the pale face would have been a reward for any an. She was turning away, when he called her back tote mark, " Shall I take both children V "No," she said, wistfully, "Lenny is safe enough; . be is his father's child." It was not long before the child was brought; and be seemed'very much elated at the" thought of goings '.'yide m a gee-gee." But to the astonishment, and even disgust of Wilson, who was crying, and also of Mr. Saltring and Iftcjph, thechild insisted on saying good-bye to Bimpy," as he called him. r Some people think that children.and dogs can always find out a bad man. We know froiśi experience thiB is far from being the case. A man who is f ond of children, and kind in hia mannet ta.them, wOI always win "their regard, be be ever sobajd in other respects. ~ It was a fact that Mr. Bimpler, hearing the chad from the office, which was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cut up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed really moved when the child flung bis aims about his nock. u Oh, you old hypocrite," said Wilson, under her breath. She was like many others; to her Mr. Bimpler was a prodigy of evil; consequently, she could not believe in bis possessing a single trait of goodness. ' But the hypocrite went into the office and positively eihedafew tears when there was no one to eee him." There had been a time in bis life when soft nrmB had been thrown round hiB heck and be had felt himself the . happiest man alive". "Bat now, long years had pamed since he had felt them. How these little aims reminded him of that time! At this moment, coold he have chosen eome definite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. Bat be thought of no direct course. And a vague wish to do better' rarely ends in much good. did not cry when she parted with her darling. She was filled by the thought that die was sending him to happiness and safety. She had made a great sacrifice, butshe fdthersdf to be the gainer. . A box of clothes was to be sent on, and nothing went with the child but one little bok containing immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackbit-baving got oat of bed, saw the trap drive off, and understood the case atnnce; and though inwardly glad, he decided to be outwardly vexed. His ben-rope was off, he could not ring;. so he slipped on some of bis clothes as quickly as he could, and went downstairs in a way that would have startled anybody that saw He found and Wilson drying their eyes in the dining-room. ThiB suggested a revenge that must be elective. - '.'So K"'" 11 ! you have thought fit to send Bertram away without consulting me. -Now there is only one-child, there is no need for Wilson;" this with an evil light in his eyes. "Yoa can occupy yourself with attending to Leonard. Then perhaps you will get to care a little bit for your own child. You've amonth's notice from to-day, Wilson'' Wflson's red-eyes.fiashed, and she flung out of the room- - > - ~ " Why-do. jWdoitt" said.Keriah, -JJ.WŁ do you sepd eyerybody -away -who -is kinł i •c"fo ćteąse myself/'-Baiiherhasbaad coldly. "Tou have <nore.tolearii yet, Keziah. Do you think"it safe,tojnfle with me?'' - •'^'laS Jtoittfifwtthjna; steadily. " Yon lie," replied her husband. " Perhaps would like me to send you away 'from the . se, and give you an excuse to do what you want to do. Well, you shall not baVB your wisu. ' yoa shall stayhere, and wait on me, and obey orders. .Don't thinkit's because Tm-SO fond of .yon. But rye a iight over you,*nd here you stey." .'' ..J. ... "' " You treat me like a dave/' aaidKeaah. «' You shallknnw more of what that mease, ' said ber lord, and left her. '" *'. . Mr. Simpler had beard this conversation, as anvbodymight have done who'hadt>eeh in the officeat thettmfi. And when Haokbit, having lettbia wifaj^inBdbii^be*»s «novedto say, been too hard on -His. HaakłaŁ In spite ofallwe've seen Idootbeliave any harmhis ł.'.3ku'1iaMiJnn(if been done; andl don't bdisve Idun Mis, Mis. Haoktat would'everdo any harm. She has done no ' worae than speak to, him. That's my opinion, and I kirnw the worid." , . « Oh," voaiffedever, we.know that,'*ret<wted Ha*ł^ "You«lLjHiatohto the fire and nowithas%r«rtrnasbig as ihouas, youexpert a buckstof water to ęat it ouk The game doam'-tpay. -Do yaa-'want Jier yourself, that ^uWatodefeodha? Qo and ask her to g^M^. with »pui aibe would if Jon ask mmmm Mr. Hackbit had scarcely left the house, when Keziah put on her things and went up to her mother's. She was not away long; but Mr. Bimpler noted the time when she left, and the time of her return, in a iBw*iif w ' Ml sort of way. When he heard hear come into the neart room, after she^h&d; returned, ho opened the door of communication, and addressed her in a way he meant to be kind, but he received a chillin rebuff. "Oh,very weŁ my fine lady," said Mr, Bimpler.- "The-day-may not be far distant when you will regret, not having taken Silas Bimpler fora friend." . "You haven'tit in yon to be a friend to anybody," retorted. Keziah, and- quitted the room It was cn account of this rebuff that Mr. Bimpler, on Hacikbit's return, reported Keziah's having been out, and added a little to it on his own account. Consequently, when Hackbit went lip to bed and found his wife with her head already on the pillow, he ordered her to get op, and told her to eo and sleeD in the spare roomby herself. She obeyedin a bewildered dream, and crept from the room, carrying some of her clothes with her, and feeling .that when Wflaon was gone die would indeed beet (he mercy of two villains. There was no bed prepared in .the spare room. The bed that belonged to it was kept under another when oat of use. Bat what did it matter? She laid herself wearily npon the-mattress, and covered herself with the clothes she bad bra pht and la awak all ni^t. The following morning KfizJandresseanerBeif and Went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hoar. . Keziah glanced at bim as he entered the breakfast-room. He knew it, though he did not look at her. He had his dressing-gown on, and he seated himself at his end of the bredkfast-table, and took up the newspaper which lay folded on his plate. The servant brought in the coffee. Keziah commenced to poor it out. . She passed her buBbandbis cup. -'- He put down biapaper-and helpedhimself to a chop, bat did not offer any sncn attention to Kezish. She did not want anything, bat a certain pride In her would not give in, and allow him to think she had no appetite. Besides, Mr. Bin-pier would be in directly, and she did not mean him to see her with an empty plate before her. So she walked to her husband's end of the table, and helped herself under his very nose. She came into such close quarters that Hackbit felt obliged to speak toner, though not by " Jthope^u have'spent a good night," be said, eatirioally, " and that yoa feel refreshed and all that sort of thing." "I thank you," said Keziah, with mock politeness. " The question is rather uny, seeing that it was passed away from :ron.. es, I slept very well, thank you—much letterthan usual.'' ' Mr. Bimpler here made his appearance, rubbing his hands together, which were red with cold. He looked at Hackbit first, then at Keziah : and after a curt good morning—they never shook hands—he remarked, as if taken unawares, " I think Mrs. Hackbit IookB in need of a doctor." Not at all," remarked her husband, " die has just been saying how well she is." Keriah would perhaps have replied herself, but she was seized with a fit of ooughing. " Pretty wall done," observed her husband, •• seeing yoa are not on the stage." Keziah began to eat her breakfast in a kind of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed treat, Bimpler furtively watched her. Hacklit tried not to do so, but failed. "Oh," hesaid, getting up from the table at last," I can't sit at the table to see you swallowing your breakfast like a dog does damplings." *' Than go away if you don't wfift to see me," ssid Keziah. All this could-not go on without some comments being made in the kitchen. Both the cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-treated by Heickbit in having received notice, and had commiserated her. Thys it happened-Qiat'the elderly female began td have" a better opinion of the other domestic;. This" morning on entering the kitchen she closed the door, and said to the cook:: " Do yoa know where the missis slept last night ?" "No," answered the cook. She slept in the spare loom, with no bed and no' covering." " What. a shame!" cried the cook and Boberts, the gardener, simultaneously. "I dread going, "said Wilson. "Who will there be to look after the missis when I'm i rone V And she's not fit to look after I Leonard." He is a brute," said Boberts, " as ever lived; and it's much to me if Bimpler doesn't jet a match for him before he's done, and serve urn right too." " Well," said the cook, " if you do go, I shall look after the baby. I shan't let her. Ife a Bin and a shame; and he's as rich as a Jew, I do bplieve." I dialArrits to Mrs. Towers and fall har all about it to-day," said Wilson, following her own thoughts rather than answering. "And I dull let Mr. David Kimtaon know, too. -It's no use telling her father. 'He won't hear anything against Mr. Hackbit.?' "And when you've told them," said Boberts, what can they dor'. "They might geta separation." "Them articles aren't so easy got as yon seem to think," said Boberts. "You've never tried to get one, mayhap." "Of course not," said Wilson; how should I? Bat what's that got to do with it?" - "Well, a good deav'replied the gardener, CHAPTEB XLL— COMTOET FXOX Oibebs 9 WOES. While Wilson was writing to Mrs. Towers and to David Bimmon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jumley. The writer was Joshua Bimmon. "-' This is what Jodlua wrote:—. "Mr Dhab Bbothee,—This is the Season when there ought to be goodwill towards men in all oar hearts. Ever since my marriage I have gathered my kinsfolk, about me on New year's Eve. Why break this sacred chain? [Mr. Bimmon liked this phrase, and felt himself waxing eloquent.] 1 wouldnot rob you of my boy whom you have adopted, and who, I trust, may prove a hleBsing and a comfort to you" in your declining years. Yet would I not have him a stranger to his father's boose, an alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray yon bring and join my rampie board for the New Year's Eve, and believe me, " Your forgiving toother, l'JobhuaBiicmoh. When David received this he became greatly excited. • He read it before W3son's,.which lay on the table." - Jabal -was reading ^sporting paver he took:.in, and expresaed but Jittie interest in' a 4ettń from": his father. David handed it to him 7 when he; had read it. three v "Dear -Ini," ."'Tfeijce^'"iortfi/ -^nbd^iiavinig' perused it with elevated eyebrow8; "a masterpiece of rhetoric and hypocrisy!" • \- "I should baldly say Quit," said David mildly, *.' The command' that we shall not judge,tfaał we'be not judged; means that we Brepet to put-people down as meaning wrong whm we don't understand their actions." '. "I find ąo difficulty at all in understandięg,T?. .tetumed Jubal," tenderly touching his wavy hair "and looking at it. in a mirror opposite! " Hie flunks people in jomley will talk if he doesn't "have anybody forNew Year's Eve, and . there's nobody to come but Dorcas and KsziahdhSńs, ana my most respected brotherin-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance on that occasion.'* Of couKe l ^cannct control you,' said David mildly; "bat for myself,! cannot ptay, •Foreire m« tnyeins as I forgive those who tan against me,* and refuse at the same time to forgive my brother.'' .- ' _ .. . "He hasnever askedyoato forgive him, said Jubol,a cynical smite breaking over bis faoe. • - " v - ' ' " Well, no," replied David, ooloariog a little. " Now Ithmkof it. he basn't. Still, hia ways aren't iike ours: he never wuHks other people ;and I think be meaniUUaght But I think that it's no part of my work to sift and sift, and find out if be means aU he says. That's^ wbifc of ahightetbanme. But it is Jar jie to forgive sevsntT^oies sevan, and to live p^cealdywiihaUme^-so tar asitin me li£a; atóInaUgo,toJamler- , " ' ^ You're .not «a .bitipf a ..ma^.undo/^said m. been my fault,'? U d David don't Ihink t^meui to be 'oi And he took mp -Qte other letter the address. ^ i 'Idon^incfc^lnaaratingr.benŁeerłed. ever used to JubaL "One would think yoa had no affection at all for her, your own sister." ". She shouldn't have played the fool. I was all right with her before." " JubaV' said his ancle, depreciatingly, " is this the time to reproach her with a false step?'!. " I'm not going to reproach' her. I shall not gonearher. But I'm not sure I won't go home, if it's only to see the mother. She was always deceut enough.'' "I think it iB your duty to go home, .now your fate, calls you. And I think it is your duty equally to be kind to your sister, who has certainly. always been goodtoyou, and who is sorely in need of a Kind friend just now. You could be more to her than anybody else, if you liked. You ought to go, Jabal." Ought stands for nothing.- If I go home, I don't to ink I shall open my lips to my father. I shall certainly not go near Keziah." " Well, well," said David Bimmon. " I do wish I had somebody to advise me." And it passed through his mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had he been free to go to her. Bat he was not. ' At the same hoar Maud was equally perplexed with David, and the same subject was before her notice. She did-not-takelong to consider-her action. She wrote to Keziah :—-' E "MY.DKAB, DEAB KEZIAH,—I have heard to-day, jrith a pain that diows me bow dear you are tome, of the sea of trouble which surrounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. One sad consolation I have to offer, and yoa will, I fear, say this is none. For in suffering for each other, we do not increase each other's load. Yon are not alone. If you are overwhelmed, so am I. How came we both to make such mistakes? Oar lots, though different, are strangely alike, except in one thing. Yoa lookeid for calm life with your cousin; Hooked for bliss. You have missed the calm and found tumult. I have missed supreme haupiness, and found supreme misery. Perhaps tfns does not sound like sympathy ; yet as I write my heart bleeds for you. I find myself always sighing for the days when you and I had quarrelled at my fireside, and were so happy, and did not know it. None know what nappinees is butthose who have lost it for ever. We are both of as so young, Kizzy, it does seem hard that we should look with longing eyes to the time when death shall release us from our many sortowB. I can only think of that; and yet, it is not happiness in another life that I look for, only rest from this torment; for how con I expect the love that has died u^on earth, and left my living love clinging to its corpse, to rekindle in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about does not exist. What cause have I ever givea that he should turn from me ? He never spends a moment in my company he can help. We have no business connection-now, even. For I have ordered all; therentstobe paid into his hands long.ago. and I take just what he doles out to me. I often walk in the cemetery you and I looked at together one day. You remember we said we would not go there again; it made us sad. : Now, it comforts me just a little, for I look' at the white stones and the freah grassy mounds andl think, 'This is a home where I may rest some day—sooner, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurt at first when I heard that Bertram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have been so glad of ; but you know best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything now, and I never touch the piano. You may ask, ' How do I employ my time, then V I don't think 1 know. I can't think of anything just now that I am in the habit of doing. I hope yoa have not thought it unkind of me not to nave written to you before; but I had no good news to send, and I did not wish-to sadden yon. 1 could not write to you and pretend all was right, when it was so far, far from bong the case. But now nothing I can send you could make you more miserable than my silence. I fed very thankful to Wilson for having written; please tell her so from me. " Lionel is in a dreadful way about me. He can't om i help aup seeing Koog how iw« things wmft® are, though I . have told him nothing. Yon know, I suppose, that Gerald is with Sr. Elworthy. They get on together very well; bat Gerald never comes here. He mast hąve seea and understood in his one visit. " Tom went in for his examination again, and got plucked. When be came and told me, he sud fneed not fear; he would fulfil the condition that I had made for him on manying him. ToDunk of my being interpreted in that way, Kizzy! Yoa know it was lor bim, and him alone, I wanted him to get his qualification. What could it matter to me? What can anything matter to me now, since he does not love me, and never, never will again ? If I bad said anything like that to you in the old days when we were together, you would have phafren that small head of yours, and made me some saucy answer. I wonder if you ever makesaucy answers now to anyone? 1 cannot bear to imagine yoa as always grave; it seems bo unnatural. But perhaps it is as difficult for you to imagine me wandering about in an „in^ppff way, existing from day -to day, not living, not caring a bit what I pat on. nor how I look. Bat 1 do know that nothing I put on; nothing I could pat on, could make me look pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, and my eyes always look heavy and doll; it must be sleeping so little and oying so much, I suppose. But enough of this. You used to say I was unreasonable. If I could only have you again all to myself, I don't think I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes such changes in one. Tom is changed; his hair is turning qoite grey. And now, dearest Kizzy, let us be all in all to each other, though it be only ia thought and at a distance. "Your faithful friend, Macb.' Whcu Keziah received this letter she had a brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend's. " Ah," she thought, "howeverbitter my lot is, Maud's is worse; I am only separated from the man I love, and am ill-treated by the man who is my husband; but Maud has lost the love of the man she still loves and who once loved her. Yes, that is worse." She could picture it. She had only to think what it would be like to have married Bupert and then to have lost his love. CHAPTER XLII.—MB. Bnotos LOSES MOBE Than His Tkmpee. Keriah did not answer Maud's letter at once, for she had other matters in hand.. She had promised to go in and help her mother in preparing for the New Year's Eve festivities which were to come off as usual. Mr. Hackbit bad been persuaded by hiB father- in-law to join the nartv, just to keep up appearances. Whether he would actually do ao or not was still a question. - He was not drinking so much; he had had a fright. How long .this would last was doubtful. He made no 'pbj jction to Keziah's goiite in to assisf'her mother, telling her politely that her room was better than her company. "x.. Keziah's epfrit rose against this insult, and she determined to fijht hard to look as if all wefeVght, and not give bim' the pleasure of cowing her. She entered her fathers house by the back way, and went into the kitchen. There was Mra. Bimmon in a lai^e apron,- tying the paddirgs up, ready to put into a pot that was boiling on the fire. " This grate's worse than ever this year,*'' Mrs. Bimmon began, "and now the boiler's cracked, and we can get no hot water. Just as if there .wasn't worry enough, without that. And Fm sure I don't think any-of the fuBS as is made is worth while. Who wants to come here?" "Never mind, mother,*' returned Keziah. It is not worth making a bother about; yoa diould get hardened. Gtve people their deserts. If die dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble your head aboutit. It's no good people worrying themsdv» into the grave because they can't wople who are unplaaaable." She had king off her things while ehe spoke, and tumingop her sleeves, in readiness to be of use. "What Mall I do first, mother?" die asked. " Wen, Kizzy," said her mother, " If you'd juit make a bit of paste for a mince pie for your father's dinner—hell expect one." ' "And is nobody dse to have one?" broke in Keziah, diarply. "Not to-day," sud Mis; Bimmon. "You see, we shall sll get some on New Year's Eve." If you « . said Mrs. Bimmon, resignedly. "Don't be so stupid, mother. Tell Grumps you asked me to do it and I wouldn't."' •"Oh, Kizzy," eaid Mrs. Bimmcm, 1 to cry "Thereis always a plenty of wasps fijis^ about, without stirring ńp- a wasp's <U*flndeedi"retoctedKeziah,amaBed. "And if the wasps' nests are left alone, the nars wasps will be flying about" . ; Well, those as stir them up are sore to get When half-pasi one came, Mr. Bimmon arrived, and de&anded; his tinner. A doth was laid for him on the end of the Hiamg. room table, and farther than this he oooid see no preparation, eo became into the kitchen to view the land. He caught sight of his daughter. It bad been to bim some satisfaction that Keziah was caged;' bat he had never lost his fear of her. So when he saw her there-, he did not break forth as he would otherwise have done. "What do you wantr" Keziah asked ell, my dinner," replied her father. " Well, the quieter you keep about it, the sooner you'll get it." What was the use of his remaining in the kitchen ? None at all. He went back to the drawingroom, and took up a volume of Wesley's sermons and scanned it morosely. He had not to wait long. Keziah with her own hands brought a tray in, and to Mr. Bimmon's infinite astonishment, Bhe placed between hia knife and fork a plate with a few slices of cold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy ?" he said, eyeing the plate from where he Bat, with much disfavour. f< It's your dinner," said Keziah, " and the sooner you eat it the better." Mr. Bimmon seated himself at the table, but did not begin to eat the meat. He was thinking that he would make his dinner off the mince-pie thkt. was to follow. He waited a long time, -bat nobodycame. He rang the belL Sarah answered it. " Take this away," he said, pointing at the plate," and bring the mince-pie in.'' "There's no mince-pie," said Sarah, half' afraid. 1 "No mince-pie !" said Mr. Rimmon, with a stop after each syllable. On hearing this, Mr. Bimmon got ap from the table with the intention of going withont any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He put the door hurriedly to as he heard eome one come in. He thought it was Keziah, and resolved not to speak to her. But it was hia sister Dorcas. Her brother looked at her, and wondered what on earth had brought her there. Her face was beaming. " What do yon think, Joshua K' she said. "I don't know," said Josl- ia, very indifferently That wretch Brougham Banner's sou has been drowned : one of the twins, you know.-' Having imparted her news, she waited. As her brother did not speak, she said : , " Are you not going to say anything, Joshua r' " Yes," he answered. " Go about your business." " Oh, indeed," said Miss Dorcas, swaying her head up and down, " I must go about my business, must 1 V And is it any part of your business to eend me about my business? Answer me that." " I tell you 1 don't want to be bothered with you," sud Joshua irritably. " Oh, and you're ready to use me,*' said his sister, " and alto abuse me, so it seemB. But let me tell you one thing, there's a dog -on your track. Ha!" she said, " I thought you'd show some interest at that piece of news. Only last night, sir, I heard a man call you a whited sepulchre.,' I The scriptural phrase stabbed Joshua deeply. " Was it a Jumley man r" "That's my business, and I'll mind it." " What do yoa want to be such a fool for ?" said her brother. " If anybody said sach a thing, I ought to know who it is. Would you let the ground be taken from under my feet, and never give me warning " Measure for measure, 6aid Miss Dorcas. " The measure you mete shall be measured to ' " \^ell"" said her brother, with a grim smile, my ruin would be your ruin, thank Heaven." " Ho, ho," laughed Dorcas. " When a house falls there's always somebody on the look-out to carry the treasure away. What if the one who carries the treasure away should marry me ?" All the anxiety died out of Mr. Bimmon's face on bearing this. " A mare's nest," he said. " I know whom yon mean." And he laughed satirically, locked up his iron safe, and was leaving the room when thea key dropped from his pocket on to the cudiionea chair, and hs did not hear it. He went back to bis bank laughing to himself. No sooner had be gone right away from the houBe than Dorcas gleefully seized the key. " 0h,5i!as, my dearest," she cried, " my time has come at last." And die opened the safe, having previously locked the door juBt as Joshua Bimmoa bad done ia the hour when he betrayed Bapert Edmonton. Somehow the words she had just used to her brother came into her micd, she did not know why: " The measure ye mete shall be measured unto yoa again." Had die known all about the treacherous deed her brother had been gwlty of, the words would have been ominous enough. Bat she did not. Having taken a certain bundle of papers out of the safe, she placed the key -on the leather chair, where it had fallen. So it happened that when Jofihua came home and his eyes fell upon file key, a cold sweat broke out upon him ; and a great feeling of gratitude came into his heart, he.hardly knew to what or whom, to fate most probably, that he and no other had found the fay. It never occurred to him in any form that it might have been found and used. That night Dorcas Bimmon waited in the shadow of a ruined engine house in the Old Pluk. A keen wind was blowing, and Bhe stared as far as she could along the dark path that led between worked-out mines towards her brother's houEe. But, wearied by the intense darkness, she tarred her eyes away to rest upon the dim lights of the town and the glsxe of the furnaces. A figure of a man was .approaching between her ana one of the lights. Could it be Silas, coming another way V He might have been somewhere for Thomas, and so have been unable to keep his appointment. The man was passing her. " Perhaps he can't see me," thought Dorcas. She stepped out a little. "Silas," she said in a sharp whisper. The man turned upon ter and scanned her. " What are vou.prowling about forsaid a husky voice.' " . . " That is the expression you use in this country? Oh Ctd, what a country it is/* Dorcas retreated into the shadow. Eat she was not so easily quit of the stranger, who followed her. " And was it for me you were waiting . be Eaid, in a charming manner. " I took you for a pit-bank worker, as they caU them in this heathenish land. But I see you are respectable. These pit-bank workers, they will give you a kiss, but they do smeU of the coal. But yuu smell sweetly of the lavender-water. It is a "shame you should wait here in solitude. I - will hear you company." _ " Are youa stranger to these parts ?'' asked Miss Dorcas," hoping this stranger would stay until'Silas Simpler came up, to excite his jealoOsvand bo increase his ardour. - * "Yes, I am a stranger to these parts," replied the gentleman. " Bat I will know the neighbourhood better if yoa permit me." "Oh"' thought Dorcas, delighted, "he thinks the neighbourhood belongs to me !" She wondered wbat this stranger was like, it being too dark to distinguish his features. " Are you intending to Btay here," asked Dorcas sweetly, for any time ?" " I stay," -replied- the stranger, " wherever soft arms detain me. But at pre^eut it is at Wolverhampton J am', amusing the public, which is" not very elevated, it does appear to me." "]May I ask where are yoa going now ? <• I was going up to a Mr. Hackbeefs, on a little matter of business." Oh, he is my nephew." Your what? Oh Cieli Then you were the youngest of the family, is it not, corns to brighten the old age of your esteemed mamma and papa V* "No, I am not the youngest,*' replied Dorcas. The ardour of the gentleman seemed to go down considerably, and lie bade her a cool goodnight. As he was departing, not taking particular notice of hia fodtang^Tie threw himself into the arms of Silas Bimpler, who was advancing from the oppodte direction. - " What the devil are yoa about ?" jerked out Mr. Bimpler, Hitching his breath and staggering. > ., - {TO BE COSTTSTJXD). 