.c^JL-u BY ' YERAX,' ? Antbor of ' 'With tho. Tide,' 'Bard Hit,'1 ? -u Bine and White,' &o.; SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOB THE » REFEREE.' ] ALL BIGHTS EESEBVED. . ? ' ' OHAPTEE XXIII. WHO'S TO WIN. BLUE BLOOD wns favorite- for thoNow-^ markob Handicap. Sir. William Molissa's hoivvy wngors hiul tho offoet of in ducing his friends to follow his lend. Por cussion had boon backod by Mnrlow's stablo, nnd threatened to run tho Hnirboll Cotta^o horso a close rnco in tho betting. St. Ahno was nt a longish pfice, but itwiis noticed bv soverol cuto men in tho ring that whenever the odds expanded n Bhado tho offers to bet against this horso woro generally accepted. Tho letter written to Jockoy Jack .nnd that sent to Sir William had tho'deairpd effect, nnd Blako had boon told by D'al ton ho must consider himself ns engaged to rido Blue Blood. Blako was jubilant. He saw the means of making n pilo open to him, nnd ho uioant to fake advantage of it. ? ? ? It wa3 Thursday night beforo tho New market day, and a enrious party hod assembled at the Brightsido Inn. Tho two Cnsos were therofToddy Blako, Bouben Pottor the bookmaker, and sovoral other woll known jockeys, whoso names need not bo mentioned. Thoy wero in Petor Flower's own pnrticulnr private room, and it was quite evident tho businoss : thoy had been, and still were, discussing, was of n, most important character. It was apparent Toddy Blako was an interested party, and Potter appoared to direct his romarks specially to Bluo Blood's jockoy. 'To put the matter plainly,' said Potter, 'wo have to decide who's to win if wo can. AVo'vo got tho principal mounts in tho race on our side, nnd I.think we oughtto have no difficulty in ?arriving nta decision as far as wo aro concorhod. Blako rides Bluo Blood, and says ho can win. I say wo don't want Bluo Blood to win.' A general chorus of assont, in whieh Blako did not join. Tho fact of the matter was he had come to an arrangemont on his own account with Plushton about Blue Blood, and had been secretly let on by that worthy man to back Percussion, and ho had 110 doubt Lamb ton's mount would win. ' AVhat am I to get out of this ?' said Blake. ' I ride tho favorite, and he can win. It's not likely I'm going to throw such a chance away for nothing.' ' You get a big share of tho spoil,' said Potter. ' If tho favorite's safe see what money I can lay against him.' 'What'll win if Blue Blood doesn't?' said Blake. ' Lambton's mount, .Percussion,' said Potter. ''It's a dead bird.' Blake's heart gave a big jump. 'But Lambton's not here,' he said; ' how do we know he'll rido squnro ?' 'Becauso it'3 worth his while,' said Pottor. ' I've put his money on, and know he's safo. Besides, the stable have laid him a good stake to nothing.' Blako began to see his way clear. He'd make a big haul. Ho'd back Percussion again. It looked, as Potter said, a good thing. . .. ..?.?'. 'Aro you quito sure St. Almb's no chance P' said Blake ; ' he used to be a good 'un.' - ? --. - ?* ? ?* ? '?.*? ' I ride him, and ho hasn't a ghost of a show/' said Tom Cose. '? You rido him ?' said Blake. 'That's' all right, then.' It will be seen that a nice little game of cros3 purposes was being played at the Brightside Inn. . Tom and Joe Case had agreed with Potter that tho secret of St. Almo's trial at CaulSeld should bo kept from the : other members of this nice little ring. If Tom Cose happened to win on St. Alino it would be accounted for by saying it was one . of thoso flukes no man could understand in horse-racing. Honor among thieves, in deed. It was very evident thero was not much honor towards each other among thi3 party. It was a case of self all round, and each jockoy seemed to fancy the other was attempting to ' do him.' The mooting was prolonged until a late hour, when it was finally docided nil the jockeys presont were to ride in the in terests of Percussion. - ' You'll havo to make tho running on St. Almo,' said Blako to Tom Case as they left the room. ' You bet I'll keep a clear passage for Percussion if possible,' said Tom, with a grin. ' ' . ' Ho thought 'Yes Toddy, my boy, I'll make tho pace so hot with St. Almo they'll never catch mo.' Tho brothors Cnso and Reuben Potter stood to win a heavy stake- over St. Almo, and tho money was on at long odds. Potter had actually induced Hector Flushton to give him the commission to lay off tho St. Almo money, and back Per cussion. Tho wily bookmaker had laid tho St. Almo money to himself, nnd laid the Percussion money to Hector Flush ton also on his own account. Mr. Flushton, it will bo observed, had a good deal to learn, although he considered himself very clover indeod at tho game. Ruuben Potter drove homo in a high state of good humor. Everything was fixed'up nicely, and he folt pretty certain of a biff win. It did not trouble his easy conscience to think ho was assisting to perpetrate a big turf swindle Itoubon Potter curod very little- for such things. Had ho been asked ho would havo said the transaction he was engaged in was no swindle, but a per fectly legitimate means of scoring a win, if possible. In this respoct, Pottor was looking ujjon tho wholo affair from his point of view, and had his opinion as to what Hector Flushton would have dono had ho been in the swim.' : This is a shady sido of tlfe turf, which exists oven at the present day. There aro honorable mon racing for love of the sport, but, unfortunately, thoy are in a minority. Had Mr. Itoubon Potter known Lily Flowers had been intimate, and n 'great favorite with Tom Case, ho might not have felt quite so comfortable. But he did not know, and thoreforo no unpleasant re flections on that score disturbed hiniV' Before Tom Case left the BriRhtsido Inn, he had a few minutes private' con-, versation with Lily Flowers. Ho had not told hor anything which 'couldv betray the secret ho was possessed of but ho had given hor to understand that ho would put a ' fiver' on his mount for her, just for luck. ' 'But St. Almo's no chance ?' said Lily ; ' why not put it me on Porcusslon. That'B your stable horse, ia it not ?' ' Yes,' said Tom j ' Porcussion goes for tho stablo, but I'll put you tho money on my mount, or not at all. Shouldn't you like to sue mo win ?' ' Of course I ohoulil, Tom,' sho said ; ' do as you liko, but you'vo no chance of success.' When Tom Caso had gone, Lily Flowers thought ovor what he ks.& »w Sho had boon accustomod to associate with mon of his olass, and know most moves .on tho racing board.' She woa well awaro Tom Caso' would not throw a 'fiver' away on a horse ho thought had no chance.oven if it happened to bo his own mount. Some thing wns iii tho wind, of that sho folt quite suro, but it was too deep and well laid a scheme for hor to fathom. Now, it so happened that Nod Dalton looked in nt tho BrightBido Inn on tho Friday morning, and ho saw Lily Flowers. '? Is your father in T' ho asked. 'No, Mr. Dalton, he's gone into Mel bourne,' aho said. 'Can I do anything for you ?' ? Dalton hesitated a minute or two, and then looking hor straight in tho face, said: ' Was Blake here last night ?' ' 'Yes,' said Lily, .-without the least hesitation. ? ' ,, . ... ; ., 'Was Mr. Flushton here ?' asked Dal ton; ' ? .. , ; ' No,' replied Lily. Dalton appeared satisfied. Strange chough it may appear, Dalton seemed to distrust Flushton more than a ' jockey ring,' although he fancied such a thing existed. ' '? . ' . ' Was Blake hero long ?' he askod. ' Not particularly long,' Baid Lily ! ' why do you ask, Mr. Dalton ?' ' Because Sir William Melissa has given him the mount on Bluo Blood, and I don't want a chance thrown away,' he replied. 'Why doesn't Jockey Jack ride?' Baid '?I wish ho did,' said Dalton; 'but,Sir William doubts him because he won't tell him why ho came to your house on a par ticular night.' 'If Sir William'doubt3 Jockey Jaok he's making a mistake,' said Lily ; ' I'm aure he's honest.' . ? ' So am I,' said Dalton ; .' I'd give fifty notes to have Jaok up on Blue Blood to-morrow.' ? : 'Why?' Baid Lily, Burprised. 'Fifty notes. That's a pile.' . ... . ' Not more than it's worth. 'I don't half liko Blake,' said Dalton. ' No more do I,' said Lily. ' But he'll never throw a cliance of winning such a, race as tho Newmarket away.' 'I don't say he mil,' replied Dalton; 'but Blue 'Blood's a peculiar horse, and he's taken a fancy to Jack, which is pounds in favor of his having the mount;' '. Well, I wish I could help you, . Mr. Dalton, but I can't. I don't know why Jockoys^ack came hero except that he ap peared tosbo waiting for someone who did not como. Ho palled out a letter to read whilo he was -here. ' Whew !' said Dalton. ' That's it, I'll bet. It's a put up job. Sir William came here because ho got a lotter. I'd give anofjher fifty to know who wrote 'em. One person wrote 'em both, I'll bet. ' It can't bo helped though, Sir William's made up his mind, and that settles it.' 'What do you think., -will ivin, Mr. Dalton?' said -Lily. ? '?-'- - \ - ; ? ;: ? ' ?'-? 'Fa'ncy Blue Bloo'd.'Tjut'l'm'iiot ^'san- guine with Blake up. Percussion must runjvellif ho can beat St. Almo as they say, and tho market indicates,' said Dalton, aa he went towardB the door. ' I'm going to back St. Almo,' said Lily. ? 'Eh ?' said Dalton, stopping. ' ' I'm going to back St. Almo, or rather he's to be backed for me,'- she replied. Nod Dalton smiled. Then he nodded to Miss' Lily Flowers, said ' good morning,' and went away. 'Ho's a cool hand,' thought Lily, ' b'ut he's the beat trainer we have here by a long way.' ? 'Now, what on earth has put St. Almo into her head,' said Dalton. ' There's somo infernal game at work here. I wonder if Marlowe's made a mistake. Not tho first by a long way, if he has. Per cussion's trials wero all right, if my infor mation's correct. Why the devil can't Sir William trust Jockey Jock. I'll- have another try at him.' Dalton did havo another try. Ho went to Sir William's tho name afternoon, but found him as obstinate as ever on the point. '-.??' 'Then I'll toll you what it is, Sir William,' said Dalton, 'you'll lose the face.' . r ??-.,- ' Why ?' aaked Sir William. ' Becauso Blue Blood's such- a poculiar horse, he'll never do his best with Blake up,' said Dalton. 'Then I'll lose,' said Sir William, quietly. 'I've said Jockoy 'Jack Bhan't havo tho mount unless he tells me why ho went to the Briglit3ide Inn that particular night.' Dalton wont homo in no enviable fratno of mind. Ho had a talk with Jockoy Jack, but found him still determined not to comply with Sir William's request. ' Tou'ro an. obstinate pair,' said Dalton, 'and botwoen you. we shall lose tho race. I'vo a presentiment we shall get dono.' 'I wish , I could tell him,' said Jack, 'but I cannot.' 'Woll Jockoy, bo yon seo I rido Blue Blood after all,' said Blake. . . ' Yes,' said Jack, ' and mind you ride him' straight. You bet I'll watch you and bo will tho boss.' .'..'. ' Lef b drop that,' Baid Blake. ' Can Bluo Blood win ?' , ? 'Yos,' said Jack. 'I think ho can. Got him well off and you'll havo no trouble.' Toddy Blako had a good think over tho coming. race, nnd had ho not backed Per cussion ho might have gone straight. As it was, ho determined to watch Lambtoii's mount closely, and if he found Percussion could not win, go for tho raco on Bluo Blood. Ho know Sir William would como down handsoiiiHly if ho won, and that the gift ho would recoive would more than cover~his losses on Percussion. ' 'Tho race for tho Nowmarkot appoars very complicated at presont. This is how matters stand the night beforo tho great ovent. Sir William hns backed Bluo Blood h'pavily. Toddy Blake, the jockey, moans to win on Blue Blood if Percussion cannot. If Percussion can win, Blue Blood must lose. Tom Cnso rides St. Aluio. Ho knows tho horse is butter than Percussion and means to win if possible. Hector Flushton and Marlow have backed Percussion under tho improsuion St. Almo cannot win. Half-a-dozen jockeys rido in tho interest of Percussion. Ned Dalton doubts Ulako and wants Jockoy Jack up on Bluo Blood. How will this tanglo ond. Wait and sao. Tho Newmarket is run to-morrow. (TO BS COVTXffCKO-1 