The Disguised Heir. CHAPTER XVII.-(Continued.) As for Captain Salt, he bent his face into his hands, and he said, presently, in a choked voice : "My dear, do forgive me, but you make me laugh. I really thought all that sort of dreamy sentiment had quite gone out of fashion. I should not have thought you a dreamer. ยก3oppose that this young fellow had been a poor clerk instead of heir to an earldom, do you think you would have cared so much about him ?" " Quite as much. When we first met he thought he was poor, and told me so. His heirship made me afraid. I thought he would have so many other attractions that I should sink into in- significance ; and even if not, all his fine new friends would conspire to separate him from a girl like myself. Of course that would have happened," she added, after a moment's pause; "he never could have offered to marry me, and so the separa- tion would have come, even if he had loved me." "My dear, you are talking nonsense," said Captain Salt. " If he had loved you, and you had loved him, no consideration on earth could have separated you. But don't dwell on the past : for- get this poor fellow, and accept the first rich young gentlenrau who asks you." " Ob, yes," said Viva, with a laugh, " rich young gentlemen will doubtless flock around me and pester me with offers of marriage-I am so likely to meet them, shut up as I am at Rodwell House." "Don't be sarcastic, my dear j don't be impatient and forget all that romance connected with the missing lad." " I shall never forget him," said Viva ; " I shall never admire another man half so much. Can you tell me, Captain Salt, what has become of his poor mother ? She was a widow, and the papers say she was almost frantic with grief." " She is more reconciled now. so they say. The old Earl has settled three hundred a year on her for her life, and she is travelling about on the con- tinent with a friend, seeking to forget her great loss." "Then I don't like her," said Viva, impatiently, " if she is doing that ! Fancy trying to forget such a son as Percy Godfrey !" Captain Salt laughed loudly. "What a sentimental little lady you are, my dear ;" he said. " But I like you for it. You must come to the Grange and visit me, won't you ? It's the funniest old house ; we have a ghost, a haunted room, another room which has been locked up for forty years-the key is lost, and they say some magnificent diamonds are hidden there in a secret closet. I mean to have the door forced and seek for the diamonds, and if I find them I shall buy them off the owner of the house, Sir Ralph Redman, who is away on the Continent economizing, and I shall give the diamonds to my adopted daughter." " Oh!" said Viva. " You have never heard, I suppose, that I have one ?" continued the Captain. " Well, when she comes to the Grange I shall give a great ball, and I hope you will come to it, and I hope you will like my adopted daughter." " Thank you," said Viva. She spoke a little coldly. She did not know how it was, but tile idea of this strange old man poss- essing an adopted daughter jarred upon her consid- erably. The maid Eldon had told her that she wished this eccentric millionaire would adopt her, Viva, and Viva was imaginative enough to have spun a little romance out of these few words. She felt that, old, ugly, gruff as was Captain Salt she liked him. There seemed a bond of sympathy be- tween this olderly man, who had known, sorrow amid all the pomp and luxury of his wealth, and the penniless school girl, with no friends save those at the Rectory, and no real prospect save that of working hard for her daily bread. " I feel as if he were my great uncle," she said ; " or as if ho had been a friend of my father's. I seem to have known him a long time. I am sorry that he has an adopted daughter." And Viva did not ask one single question respect- ing that enviable young heiress. 