THE THEATRES, Ac. ' "London Day by Day" will be produced for tho first time in Sydney at tbe Theatro Royal this eveniug, wheu a scries of 11 scenes from the brush of Mr. Gordon will illustrate tho highways and byways of tho great city. The cast of the chief characters will ho as follows j —General Granville, Mr. Angnstus Glover; Frank Granville (his son;, Mr. Walter Howe ; ICenri do Belleville (a man about town), Mr. Albert Norman ; Patrick O'Brien (from Chi cago), Mr. Walter E. Baker ; Peter Marks (a solicitor), Mr. J. P. West ; Lord Kcmptou (a sportsman), Mr. H. PHmmer ; Mr. Judson fa magistrate), Mr. Harry Norman ; John $CiggQ (a club porter), Mr. A. G. Ponlton ; X 29 (a policeman), Mr. J. Hasker; Jack (a street Arab), Little Brightie Smith ; Harry Ascalon, Bland Holt ; Violet Chester, Miss Kate Bishop; Maud Willoughby, Miss Blanche Lewis ; Dolly Blossom, Miss Virginia Vivlenne ; Mrs. Blossom, Mis9 Flora Anstcad ; Mrs. Wim- blett, Miss May Vivian. At Her Majesty's Thehtre the last nights of Benjamin Landed:' sensational drama are announced in view of the production on Satur day next of 44 The Corsican Brothers." This piece has been in rehearsal some time, and some weird spiritualistic effects may be looked for in the ghost scene, whilst new scenery has been painted by Mr. j Clint. Mr. Rignold will be seen for tho first time in the dual i6ic of the brothers del Franchi, and there will be a strong support. Iu the meantime playgoers should not miss seeing that stirring drama " My Jack." At tbe Garrick Theatre Messrs. Sheridan and Lyster'a new piece " Bridget O'Brien, Esq.," continues to draw largo audiences. Tbe burlesque pathos of "The Little Peach " duet, with Miss Gracie Wbitcford's demure sorrow and the sly suggestion of Mr. Sheridan's grief, convulses tho house nightly, and the songs and dances contribute to the gaiety of the entertainment. Owing to the indisposition of Miss Myra Kerablo that artist has decided to postpone ber visit to the Garrick Theatre with " Dr. Bill," so that Mr. Sheridan's prosperous season will be extended to the originally proposed limits. At tho School of Arts the Dan Tracey Vaude ville Minstrel and Specialty Company is in its 17th week, and this afternoon and eveniog the sisters Anderson, new song and dance nrtisti ; Miss Jontiie Gray, soprano vocalists and others will appear with the original company in a strong programme. At the Boadi Aquarium there will be a grand entertainment in the maiu hall this afternoon, when many novelties will be introduced. The Misaes Alba will give their farewell ballad nnd instrumental concert at the Centen nial-hall this evening. The gifted sisters will sing "I dreamt that I dwelt," "Sing, Sweet Bird," " Home, Sweet Home," "The Gardon of Sleep," "The Lost Chord," "Fond Heart, Farewell," and other sougs in the coarse of the evening, uud popular prices will rnle. A variety entertainment will be civen this afternoon in the main hall of the Coogee Palace Aquarium, and visitors who attend this pretty resort will bo able to see the seals and animals fed before tbeir return to the city. The Cjclorama will be open A9 usual to-day, and spocial descriptive lectures will bo given at noon, at ft and at 8 p.m., together with music and the realistic effects appertaining to the battle of Gettysburg. The Philharraonie Society announce the engagement of Mme. Patey, the famous English contralto, who immediately on her return to Sydney will make three appearauces with the society in Mendelssohn's " Elijah." Signor Hazon will conduct a large chorus and orchestra, and compoteut soloists will be engaged. Mr. Joseph MacMubon, of Her Majesty's Opera House, Melbourne, arrived in Sydney on Thursday to arrange for the erection of some of iuiicon s latest phonograph patents, loe chief of these is a machine with slot and electric attachments, guaranteeing self-action to those who drop the requisite coin iu the slot. Sample's of the speech of celebrated statesmen and artists then tickle tbe intelligence of the attentive listener. The first of these machines will be placed in the Metropolitan Hotel, the Cafd Frangais and the Royal-arcade. The St. George's Philharmonic Society gave one of their popular quarterly concerts on Thursday evening iu the Rockdale Town-hull. Miss Colbourue-Baber was the soloist. Tho first part wns occupied by the APFadden's cantata "May Day," and the popular soprano sung the recitative "Loyal Hearts" and (with a burden) "Beautiful May." At its con clusion tbe artiste received a well-deserved encore, which w&9 acknowledged by a repetition of tho Inst verse. The lady was just as successful in the second part and received an encore for "Tho Old and the Young Marie " (Cowen). The members of tbe society rendered in admirable style, " Who shall be Queen of tho May," " The Hunt's Up ; Awake, my Lady Queen," and " Lads and Lasses Hasten All," which wero contributed in excellent time and tune, thanks to the great energy and perseverance of tbe conductor, Mr. A. A. Smith. The neconU part opened with the overture to "Zainpa" (Herold), pianoforte duet, by Misses Sproule and James. Herr W. Van Iperen contri buted two violin solos, " Fau'st Fantasie" (Sin- gulee) nnd "Fautasie de Ballet" (Beriot), for each of which ho was recalled, as was Mr. E. Fearnlev for "The Last Watch" and " In Old Madrid," the coaccrt being brought to a close by the members of the society giving the "Gipsy Chorus iu Prsciosa." Miss Bibby made au efficient accompanist, and Messrs. Kerr and M'Farlane, the treasurer and secretary res pectively, worked very hard towards a success ful entertainment. 