Policy of the Labour Party. Ma. Fitzgerald, M.P., Labour Repre sentaiivo, addressed an immense meeting at Bulli, on Tuesday. The speaker-' Raid that lie was regarded by the capitalistic and pot-hut aristocracy as a common agi tutor, but was now referred to as senior member for West Sydney. His experience of the Sydney protection body was that, while it was most anxious to encourage the establishment of factories, it positively declined to ''protect labor by a Factory Act, therefore lie1 had re nounced the protectionists and idon ti Bed himself with labor alono until the latter should attain its just right, and this would be the first aim of the labor party in Parliament. As regards Mr. ' Dibbs and Sir Henry Parkes, the labor party saw there was no choice between the present leaders, and consequently would take up an impregnable position on tho cross- benches, determined to accomplish labor reform. , Mr, Fitzgerald regarded the nltimate control of , the Legislatiue by his party as inevitable', and when tho era arrived, ond labor had the control of police .^and /military,', the new rulers would not direct those forces against their erstwhile oppressors, but, on the ? contrary, would ever be as i merciful as mighty. . . The speaker contended thut John Burns; now practically dominated tho London City Council, and there were many colonial working men of equal ability. The labour party in tended to act very discreetly. No hur ried reform would be attempted ; but by i caution, perseverance, and tact the un- 1 broken front would achieve glorious con- 1 quests. They would get an Eight-hour Bill passed, and provido labor for the unemployed by settling them on the lands and furnishing them with imple ments and money to start, whore neces sary. An aboriginal named Mick was charged at Blackall on Saturday with shooting at Joseph Windlo, a sentry, at DoHa, on April 30. The prisoner spoke English fluently, and, after cross-examining the constable, Hourigan, addressod the Bench an follows : — ' I did not shoot tho soldier. Union man beon givo me gun. I fire along big fellow log. Union man boon say, ' suppose you no shoot soldier, mo shoot you.' ' Prisouer was then remuaded. Why is a pig with a twisted tail liko tho ghost in Hamlet?— Because it can a tail I (talo) unfold. I 