New Detective Stories (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) (By SIR GILBERT CAMPBELL.) AN AUSTRALIAN GHOST, (Concluded.) One evening Mr. and Mrs. Marker had been entertaining a party of friends, some half-dozen in number, and, as it was a 'ovely night, agreed to walk with them as far as the bridge oh their way home. The moon, as has been said, was a very brilliant one, and objects were discernible by its light at a great distance. As the merry party neaped the bridge, laughing and joking, they caught sight of what appeared to be a female figure, sitting on, or resting against the rail of tho bridge. "Wondering who it could be who had selected the bridge rail for a seat at that hour of the day, the little party moved quietly forward, when, as they got abreast of the figure, it suddenly vanished. Scarcely believing their eyes, they moved forward a few paces, when, on looking round, they perceived the figure in the same position which it had occupied before. Several of the ladies shrieked and gave signs of fainting, and Mr. Marker and a friend, mustering up courage, walked up to the figure. As they neared it Marker hurled a heavy stick he carried full at it. The missile wont clean through the figure, and fell with a dull splash into the stream below, and at the same time his companion called out, " Great heavens, it is Mrs. Morgan !" Hardly had the words escaped his lips than the swift clatter of a horse's feet was heard, and the rolling of wheols, as if somo vehicle was being driven at a furious rate, In another moment a buggy ap peared, drawn by a chestnut horse, and standing up in it was Morgan, mad with drink, and lashing his horse furiously." The great chestnut was white with foam, its ears were laid back on its head, and its eyeballs were almost starting out of its head as if with terror. Right and left the little party scat tered to avoid the furious rush of the drunken driver, and as they did so they all distinctly saw a white figure standing full in the path of the half- raaddoned animal. It was all over in a minute. The chestnut, witli a shrill neigh of terror, swerved half round, and dashing the buggy against the rails, sprang over them. For an instant the unhappy animal remained suspended over the water, then with a crash and a harsh- rending sound, wood and leather gave way and it fell into the river, striking heavily against one of tho projecting buttresses of the bridge as it did so. The spectators of this terrible scene stood aghast, watching the white figure, which for an instant bent over the ruins of the buggy, and then vanished as mysteriously as it had done before. No human aid could avail Morgan ; his neck was broken, and when he was raised from the ground he was quite dead. « # Next morning there was quite a crowd of visitors to inspect the scene of the tragedy, and then for the first time a search was made for the horse. Men in boats, with long poles began sounding the river, and at length the carcase of the drowned animal was dis covered, having been sucked by the current into the fissure in the damaged buttress. One of the spectators, a young man, who had obtained some renown as a swimmer, volunteered to dive and fasten a rope round the animal, by which it could be hauled up to the surface. After a rather protracted absence beneath the water, lie came up to the surface, and with a face pale with agi tation, murmured, "I have got the rope round something ; for heaven's sake, help me into the boat, for I feel deadly sick." As soon as this had been done, a dozen willing hands strained at the rope, when, instead of the body of the chestnut, the hideously decomposed corpse of Mrs. Morgan appeared on the surface of the water. An universal cry of horror rang out from tho bridge, and from both banks of the river, as tho terrible truth was made manifest ; and as soon as pos sible the remains of the murdered woman were removed to the mortuary of the hospital at Richmond. Murdered she had assuredly been, for round her neok was tightly twisted a silk handkerchief, which bore her husband's name, and had certainly been the means of causing her death. It was supposed that Morgan had strangled his wife during the floods for the sake of the money she pos sessed, and had then thrown the body into the river in the hope that it might be borne far away, but the force of tho waters had jammed it into tho fissure, and Providence had permitted the spirit of the murdered woman to appear upon the spot beneath which her body was lying. The surprising spiritual manifesta tion was a good deal talked of at tho time, and for many months afterwards the inhabitants of both Windsor and Richmond woro excessively shy of crossing the bridge, especially upon a moonlight night, any time about Christmastide. 