EASTER ENCAMPMENT. AT THE CAMP. (BY THE ADVANCE GUARD.) The camp this year is opening amidst much expectation, and perhaps trepidation. Dame Kumor, who is always buy, is this year exceptionally so. Last year the new commander was unknown. No one quite knew what sort of a man he was;- but before the camp was struck, and Johnny went marching home again, it was found that he was a major-general, with very decided views of liis own as to what constituted camp work. Somehow he does not look the sort of a soldier to move in a rut. There is an energy and unconventioiiaiity.about him that does not warrant the assumption that the work this year will simply be a repro duction of the manoeuvres of last Easter. Whatever the ’wink' may be it is very certain that it will not be of the featherbed order; and seeing that since the last camp battalions have risen to the dignity of regiments there is an un easy sort of feeling gaining ground that the higher diguity may be thought by the Major General to warrant higher responsibilities. The trophies held by the scrub through which the infantry plunged on to victory last year tell their own tale of what last year’s responsibilities were, and if those trophies are to be increased by some further developments of the com mander’s plan of campaign, well, it will be a happy time for the army contractor for uniforms, and the boot trade will certainly report brisker times. It is not a very re assuring thing to notice that the head quarters have been brought down from far up on the eastern rise of the parade ground right into the heart of the camp, and c'ose to the general canteen. There is uot much significance in such an alteration; but it looks ns if the oversight is going to be a little closer than before someone whispers, need I say the whisperer was a pressman with a good memory, that perhaps the staff have pitched their tents close to the side of the main rnnd, so that they may overawe the regimental bauds as they march gloriously funny to their quarters in the small hours of Good Friday morning. They may dare to arouse what Artemus Ward calls the Aikemejun lever that moves the world; but, he adds, with a shake of the head, they will think twice before they “ dashing-white-sergeant ” a major-general at 3 o’clock in the morning. Perhaps this may be so. To-morrow morning will tell the tale; but it might be hs well for the bandmaster of tiro 3rd R“giment to find out whether Major-General Owen is partial to military music bursting in all its splendid rhythm upon him when he is asleep. Per haps he is not. If he is not, well, the Daily Telegraph reporter could only put in a nasty paragraph; but the major- general may increase the manoeuvres or assign “the dashing white sergeant" an unpleasant position, in fact there is no limit to the possibilities of calamities arising from a mistake. How ever, whatever the reason may be, head quarters is alongside the main road, and it just as well to remember it. Another pros pective joy is the absence of the “lay’em out” section of the army. Colonel Price’s lambs are noted for two specialities,'the way in which they find press writers to write their excuses when they blunder, ami sing their praises when they succeed; and the c irry-all-before-them style in which they claim front rank as the flower of the service. The Mounted Rifles have as unbounded a confidence in Colonel Price ns Colonel Price has in his regiment, and Colonel and regi ment let all the world know that all things become them. It was a revelation to the Mounted Rifles that the general public did not accept their Colonel’s explanation in reference to his much debated order ns being quite uuderstood by his soldiers, though it was uot to outsiders. That outsiders should even desire to pene trate the mysteries that surround the fol lowers of the .Beau Sdbreur of the Victorian army, came as a kind of shock. It is, hard indeed for the Mounted Rifles to be con tinually coining in constact with the infantry, anil to be hampered in their movements by other corps. They have now gone away into a world of their own, where they can admire and be admired without interruption, and they are happy. We at Langwarrin are happy too. The camp in general does not differ materially from the camp of last year. The ground is as full of awkward roots as ever. It still looks temptingly easy to dig a trench round a tent; still proves as trying to the temper to do so, The open spaces still look us pleasant as a lawn; still prove to be so fond of the human foot divine as to embrace the tenderest corns with the closest of embraces, and therefore is si ill responsible for a good deal of robust expression*; but otherwise every thing bids fair f..r a comfortable and use ful lime. Sergeant-Major Brenchley, who carries at present the responsibilities of the camp upon his shoulders still “rounds apace,” vide “ The winters tale,” and looks more and more satisfied with himself and the world around him. Naturally, writing as I am with the advance guard just pitch ing the tents and mnking all things ready for their comrades, there are none of the B’irring incidents of war to narrate; the prin cipal thing just now is to see that the cook has a minimum of stray leaves in the tea boiler; and a fervent hope that, as there is no time to build a camp fire, the evening will not be too cold. Instead of the rousing notes of tl e bugle boys, and the sharp com mands of the officers, there is the outburst of some- musical member of the advance guard as lie, carols I was going to say, but to be accurate, as he yells a bar or two of a .popular song; and the incessant banging of the tent mallets sounds like a mob of horses canter ing along a hard road. It looked, early in the day, as if the early comers were going to be greeted with a thunderstorm, but it passed away to the southward without pay ing a visit here. In one way a good shower would be welcome; the long spell of dry weather has made the loose sandy soil around this district ns fine as powder, and should the rain hold off there will be some dusty soldiers rouud about here daring the next few days. However, the wind to-night soughs ominously through the trees, and it may be that the dust will be laid. If it would only stop at that 1 Langwarrin looks weird indeed im the moon is rising upon this camp in deshabille, if the expression is per missible. The busy tent peggers, the com plete confusion, the flickering fires, melancholly in their half hearted efforts to keep burning, the strange mani acal sound of the Herald boys in the distance, making the round of the camp, now nenr, now far away, but always in the same unearthly tone of voice, all well enough in the crowded city, but breaking the silence here with jarring effect, the windmill turn ing silently benea'h the moon, and the tents standing silent and tenantless, rising now and again in the solitude, springing up like new ghosts to take their watch side by side with the others, the whole scene having such an air of waiting that it iB almost translated into words. When next I write it will be amidst sounds of marching and counter-marching, amidst the bewildering order of bodies of men moviug like ma chinery, but now Langwarrin is a place that works strangely upon the imagination aB it waits in the moonlight for the coming of the soldiers’ tramp. 