A1DEESS BY A CONVERTED PRIEST. Jhe Baptist Chnrch. Briebaneastreet, was c'owded lot night to hear the Rev. J. B. Daly, formerly a Roman Catholic priest, del ver an address on the sut'ject of his coornversion to Christ. Mr. W. SALKELD, M.L.A.. occupied the chair, and, in introducing the speak. r, eaid that Mr. Daly came here highly recommended by a number of ministers both in the United States and Great Brisain, all of whom testified to the work that be had been doing. Those who bad sen the corrupt working of certain systems and certain principleswere apt to have strono feelings in the matter, bht it was still poes. eible for a man to have strong conviotions as to matters of Scripture, or conduct in lifet, and wet hare the greatest coosiJeration for thnoe that differ d from him A great many peopli were apt to think that we were settled down to peace for all time-that we shoald never have war again, eepecially in Anstralia, but, if we read history and Scripture, and talked at the sigens of the times?., we mast come to the conclusion that there waniould still be troublons times in the world. There wou!d be great fBhts for truth yet, and men and women would come to the front as heroes in the eosee of God, and ciilisentioe, sad freedom, and righteounossee, as they had done in the past. What the speaker woald say that night might per heaps stimulate some to appreciate the priilei enjsrjed under the teaching nd light of God's word. He welcomed the lecturer smong them as a man desiroeus of helping and enliwhtenineg his fellow-men. (Applase). The LE?uRoasR, who was well received, ex. pressed his gratication and plsueure a' seeirg so many present. The impression had gore ahroad that he came hear to worund soemerno' fe'lioge in a spirit of contention and party strife. to far as be was concPerne-and he felt ooonfident that they would agree with him on the same point-he had so quarrel with his fellow-men in their religious views. If a man was enlightened, and had the lore of God in his heart he never made war against his fellow ereatures--he could nit oonsisteotly do so. Yet a man without convictions of his own was no mat, and a man that was afraid to ex. press those conavitions was a noral uoward. He came here to defend Protestant Christianity, (applause). to defend the principle of an open Bible. and the right of orvery man to open that Bihle. and learn the will of God, and the truths of God. and asoeording to his own onesoience, be guided by the teaching of the Holy Ghost. (Applause) The Roman Ostholio and Pro testant charuhes were entirely different, and it would be as impossible to mix them as it would be to mix oil and water. He behad a firm conviction that. as long as the Pro. teastant and Roman Catholio ohurohes existed, there would be an irrepressihe confiot between them. He then went on to say that doubtless ma y of them came there expecting the leotore to be more of a personal narration, and, though be hesitated for fear of being thought egotie tical, be would prooeed to tell of some of the circumstanoee of his life. From very early ehildhood he had been a good deal a Protest ant-that is, he always claimed the right, when he saw anything wrong in the conduot of the Charoh to oritioisee it. ,To-day, if he saw any thiag w'ong in the conduet of the Protestant Charah, he would eritiuise it too. though there wonald nothbe the danger of .rex- ommunicationa. for Protestatism allowed that liherty. (Lasobh tee). The Church of Rome taught Divine trnth through prients. and a man must listen to it, hut Preotestastim said that no human authority had the right to dictate ae to what a man should believe or should not believe. 1hey placed the matter between self and God, and said that the place from which to form one a religious belief was the Word of God. These were the prinoiples that the old reformers contended for-the right of prirvate juadgment. A Roman Cutholieouold not doubt, socording to the toe bing of that Charch, so that if be tonk the Bible in his hand to investigate it himself, he committed a sin that he would have to confess to the priest. When he did so the riest 'would tall him that he mmet not read the Bible any more (Laughter). Protestants on the other hand allowed pen-lu to interpret the book for themaelves, W the REmiah Charoh thus took puseession of men's oonasoienoees, they plasord them in a bond age that was worse than the old slavery of the United States. The speaker then went on to show that before the Reformation England was ooe of the weakest of nations, without a navy and without ntmmercial infestce. The in. troduetino of religious feeedom hobsanged .l' this. Wherever you looked to-day the Pro testant contries were those in which the arts, and solences, and wesalth predominated. In the other countries, on the o her hand, all was dark, the people were not so educated or enlightened. Cowming hack to the thread of his narrative he said 'hat for fourteen years he laboured as a faithful priest in the Church of Rome. ae then related hbow he met a man,. who was a convert from Romanism, at a friend's house. This man narrated the eiroumstasos of his conversion aond the changed life that he bad led after wards, and put the question to Mr. Daly " Where do yos think I will go to when I die ?' Mr. Dauly said "If what you told me in true, I think you will go to heaven " The man seemed surprised at this, for all other priests had told him that his seul would be damned. The news of what Mr. Daly had aid was car ried to the priest and afterwards to the Bishop hefore whom he was cited for beresy. The B?ehnp told him that he might have these private opinions, hbat if he was heard expression them again he (the Bishop) would be ohliged toeuspend and excommunsitate him. The re sualt was that his faith in that Church was shaken, and he hardly knew what to do. He tried to be more charitable to the poor, snd to work more for the Church, and so make up by hand-work for his lakk of faith. Afterwards he was rebuked by the Bishop for his oeal in temperance work, and this red to hae Sal separation from Roman COtholioiem For a time he worked as a reporter on the Pitteburg Despa.te. One night. through the provident' of God, he was brought io a m'ea;on serviuo, where he saw that Protestantism was areality. We had not the curace to come forward, and tive his heart to God on thea occasoneo, hbut did sn one Soasny shortly after wards. He met Father Chinsqoy, and told him that he was going abroad to preach the gospel. (Applaoss ) Not long after, he told the story of hie conversion to 15,000 people, half of whom were Catholics. (Ap plauso.) Pe had never aine bpeen afraid to onfess his sins in order to give the glory to CGod in councolusion, he orged his hearers to he still more arneet-though he did not want them to be bigotted-in the'r work, aud show by their seal that they were not Protestants merely by namehut heart. (Applause.) Mr. SAUNDERS proposed, and Mr WooLLEY eoconded, a vote of thnka to the lecturer, and this was heartily carried with aoolamation. A vote of thanks was also accorded to th.' Chair. man, and the meeting terminated with the singisg of a hymn and pronounoiag of the benedietion. 