The following paper was in the Letter- bhx"'it I h"M.l:A'. meeting on Monday :— Dearest President :—How are you ? I am sure you won't mind a lady writing to you. I like to write to you quietly, like this, and you not knowing who I am ; I am sure you won't mind (unless you are changed very much). Now, what I warnt to say is this—Don't you think the council is making a stupid blunder in cultivating colored water in Microbe Gully (at the end of Railway street), notwithstanding the health officer's apparent opinion to the contrary ? It is a very pretty color I admit, but it can't pos- aibly be good to drink —although of course so few of you men drink water that it doesn't much matter on that account. But really, you know, a frog couldn't live in it ! He would croak once, and that would be for ever, as it were. Besides I really don't see why the coun- cil should place all its ornamental hatching ponds at the Toora end of the gutter just to please the favored few who reside there —you amongst, them, Mr President. It is easy to see that the secretary for the Shire lives down there ; he's got the biggest pool of the lot. Why, I don't believe that even your own Mutual Im provement assistant-secretary could stride through it without stilts. Certainly he's big enough ; but then you know a cow is big enough to catch mice, but she can't, you know, can she ! Besides, you've got one invalid down at your end of the street, and you really ought to be satisfied. I hear that his horse fell with him, over, a gutter; but as he's still alive it couldn't possibly have been your gutter, could it ! Now, I'll tell you what I would do if I were you. All of you who live on the bank of the Microbe Gully should join the Orange Lodge,and then write to the coun cil and tell them you have religious objec- tions to drinking green gutter water, and ask them to try the good old-fashioned system of kerbing and channeling. Plead with them—or what would be better, as you have a Special Pleader living by the hatching-ponds who would be only too glad to plead your case (at a price): he knows all about it (like the girl who swal lowed the mop). Get him up on his hind legs. Yes, Sir, let him get up and snort, and say "Great Cæsar's ghost careers about those pools at night," and let him ask for damages ; and if that doesn't act, then borrow the Ice Factory and freeze the council to a mummy ! But really I don't think anything would frighten a shire council. I believe they could tie a bell to a horse's tail and overturn a train with him, spreading ruin and horse-hide through many a happy home without being punished for it. My heart is too full to write more; besides I might, like our local Editor, be hunted for breach of promise of slander, and have to make the council lodge security for costs, and I'm sure I don't want costs—the gutter is quite enough for me. And now, Mr President, good-bye. No more at present, from yours sincerely, MARY ANN. 