Gold Willie. AN OLD SHEPHERD'S STORY. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] BY ALICE HAM. The grave in the gully, doctor, as you passed this afternoon? Why, that's where we buried 'Gold Willie' a year ago come June. No! he wasn't a lucky digger, or a rich Mount Morgan swell. How did he come by the name ? Now that's what I'm goin' to tell. Sit down in the seat by the doorway, an' here is a mug o' tea, I've hobbled your mare outside; she won't travel far, ye see. Don't notice my rough way, sir, you're a bit of a bushman yerself, An' I'm nobbut a poor old shepherd, soon to be laid on the shelf! Well, we called him' Gold' Willie, for why? He was sterlin' true, The very best sort o' metal, an' that the whole way through. It's a year ago to-day since that poor young fellow came 'ere Straight an' tall as a saplin', with a laugh it was good to hear. His speech wur a sort o' song; he'd a kind o' smile in his eyes; His hair was blacker'n yours, but they wur blue as the skies. He was heir to an English duke. It's true! I can't tell the name, But look in yer history book, an' ye'll likely find the same. I saw a statoo in Lunnon when I wur a youngster small, The hero they made it for had his name an' bearin' —that's all! ... Well, he worked on the station here, an' there's no one, white or black, But 'ud give his right hand, doctor, to have Gold Willie back! An' 'twere all thro' me as he left us. . . . No, sir, you're very kind, But I'd rather tell the story; it will sort o' ease my mind. . . . You heard o' the the flood last year as wasted the country round, When the people fled from the township, an' half of the sheep wur drowned ? The biggest flood since Noah! I've heard o' no sich one, An' I wur camped out on the pocket, away at the end o' the run. The river came down a banker, an' swept around my hut, So I crawled to the roof in the dark, a-prayin' with eyelids shut, When I heard a shout, an' my name in the howlin' storm, An' whirled on a sort o' raft came Gold Willie's stalwart form. I've come to save you,' said he; ' jump aboard! I sprang for life To the logs, but, O Lord, sir, we were helpless amid the strife Of the waters that tossed us about, an' the raft was smashed by a tree. The world seemed wind an' water, an' drowned things, an' Willie and me! How he brought me to land I don't know, but he did, an' when I awoke By the homestead fire, he stood smilin' and wet, an' his brave right arm was broke. Then I remembered no more, I had fever an' ague they said, But I knew in the dreadful nights 'twas the duke's heir as watched my bed. 'Only the shepherd,' a snob would say,' an' a poor old crittur at that,' An' left me alone in the cold log hut, to die maybe like a rat. But this gentleman gave me his room; like a woman he tended me In spite o' the arm in a sling as I couldn't fail to see. The master was wild with grief at the mischief the flood had done, Gold Willie helped him through, then nursed me till rise o' sun. Well, doctor, when I was up an' creepin' around like a ghost, The Englishman, smilin' still, was stricken down at his post. He had never thought o' himself, now tossin' in fever an' pain; He'd rave of his books an' his boatin', a boy at Eton again. They knew who he was at last, he never had told them before. They nursed him careful enough, an' I watched like a dog at the door, An' I heard with a sinkin' heart the moanin' an' ravin' within; That I should be livin', an' Willie like that, seemed a deadly sin! Perhaps if you'd ha' been here . . . Doctor, I can't tell the rest; He went when the wattle bloomed, an' Natur' was lookin' her best, An' all for an old hulk like me, as fit to sink as to swim . . . Why, I'd almost give my soul to ha' died instead o' him If he'd lived but three months more he'd ha' been a British peer; But maybe he's somethin' higher in a Country nearer here.— Now, if yell excuse me, doctor—whatever's wrong with my sight ?— I'll just step outside a bit, an'—an' see as the mare's all right 