Stage Gossip. Mia's. ^Genevieve "Ward visits South Africa under the Management of Mr; Luscombe Searelle. » <" ??' ?? Mr. George Meredith, the well-known novelist, is said to be adapting one of his works for the stage. . . The SATURDAY REVIEW, in noticing the.revival of "School "at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, London, refers to Mr. H. H. Vincent, who plays Dr. Sutcliffe m that piece, asa" sound and expe rienced artist." . Years ago a young actor, and a. young subal tern, both poor as rats, occupied the same lodgings at Rouen. One morning the actor came and borrowed a shirt of his friend-his best shirt.' " I am going to be married to-day," -he said, " though I've hitherto neglected to tell you anything about it." Time rolled on, and this young man became famous as the comedian Felix, made a great fortune in. his profession, and has bequeathed a handsome share of it to the lender of the shirt. ' A well-known American actor lately, in a struggle with a San Francisco constable, was reported to have shot his captor; either by acci dent or design, and to have been arrested accord ingly on a charge of murder. The report has given rise to many reminiscen ces, and we are reminded that the last time an American actor fired with fatal effect was when John Wilkes Booth shot President Lincoln, at Lord's Theatre, Washington. Master Cop penger, a player, "in the Stuart days," was the only English actor who ever suffered an ignominious death in England, and he had been guilty of nothing worse than highway robbery. In France only two actors have suffered the extreme penalty ef the law, and neither of them had killed anybody. Barrières, a Gascon, who used to appear at.' the Theatre Français, was executed for deserting from the army;; and toe other offender was also the victim of a barbarous age. Mrs. John Jacob Astor, the richest woman in America, recently imported two gowns. As they were undervalued for shipment, Custom House officers seized them for duties. Mrs. Astor re fused to- make good - the mistake, and the dresses being sold recently at pub lic auction, Messrs. Kester and Vial; with, a shrewd' eye for advertisement, paid ßOOdol (£160) for one of the gowns. It iä now worn at every performance by Miss Jenny Joyce, and posters concerning the fact are plenti ful. ? .'; -:. The defenders of Shakspere may breathe again« No less a person than Professor Gairdner-the learned, editor of those important historical pub lications, " The State 'Calendars" - says that our mighty William was quite right that Richard Crook back did murder those poor little princes in the tower. Other authorities wanted tío divert our natural sympathies by try ing to make out that the true murderer was Rich mond (afterwards Henry VII.). Imagine the last act of Shakspere's tragedy with the ghosts transposed! Mr. Gairdner deserves the best wishes indeed of his playgoing countrymen. . A French writer who has taken the trouble to ransack files of old newspapers, with a view to finding out what people were doing in the beginning of the last decade of the eighteenth century, has discovered that playgoing was a chief delight of the Parisians of that day. It might have been thought that with the King practically a prisoner there would have been little general inclination to fre quentplacesof amusement. As all readers of French history know, the theatres were legion, owing to the restrictions which had just been removedj and which had for so many years secured a prac tical monopoly to two favored houses. So nume rous did the playhouses become that a satirical piece on the subject was produced, under toe title of "The Thousand and One Theatres." The famous English horserider, Astley, had a house in the Faubourg du Temple called " Astley's Circus." Owing to the excited state of public opinion at this time, the newly-acquired liberty of the theatres was a source of considerable embarrassment tc the Government. Political satires, thinly veiled, were the rage, and the flight of the King and his ariest at Varennes was followed by a whole crop of plays, avowedly based upon that important event. At one house, situated in the very heart of the aristocratic Faubourg St. Germain, a mili tary spectacle called "The Arrival in Paris of the Saviours of their Country " was given, and the two men Drouet and Guillaume, who had been instrumental in arresting the King, were publicly crowned on the stage with laurels. At the sale at Rueil of the late Mme. Agar'î household furniture and effects a stage edition ol "Corneille," which ' belonged to Mme. Rachael, and had annotations in the handwriting ol Professor Sampson, was knocked , down foi 30f. There died recently at Seaforth, near Liverpool Mr. John Levey, well . known at one time in thc English provinces as an Irish character actor He was a native of Dublin. He had been a mana' ger of several provincial theatres, and had con siderable reputation as a playwright. AB a writei of pantomime, he was especially popular. Fraulein Marie Wilt, a well-known operatic singer, lately committed suicide by throwing herself from the fourth storey of her hotel in Berlin. She had at one time been prima donns of the Opera House, Vienna. When she made hei first appearance in England, about 25 years agc under the name of Vilde, some of the critics com pared her with Jenny Lind. The following story is told of the leading ladj of Augustin Daly's Comedy Co., Miss Ada Rehan, Born in Limerick, her real name is Regan. Atan early age she was taken by her parents tc America. After some. years .she exhibited histrionic talent, and decided to; go ..upon the stage. "Upon one occasion the local printer, in setting down the cast, changed the " g" in hei name to " h," and described her as Rehan. G The actress -attracted some attention, ' and /not dis satisfied with her new name, decided to adopt it. 