1loveifst. iNOW FIlST PUBLISHED, The JYrdict' Was-? \--"I A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND By Harold -ll. Mfackenzie, At!oiur of "TuIe Squatlter's o a,,ghterI'i CBAPTER I.Ki cl: tI iI A WAKEFUL ISGIIT. ' i .i i, The sun had sunk to.rest hours ago; lending peace and calmness to the scenee Although the hands of the clock'on the mantel-shelf pointed to the'imall hours, little or no sleep as yet had come to the eyes of Sybil Prescott. i 2 :I t 1i The room was furnished in that light and airy style so ofte?iseen in tropical elimites. '%On the llot, wvhich'once had boasted of varnish butnow dulled bylong usage and fierce noon-day, sunsai were scattered rugs.of opossum': and wallaby: in tlihe centre of. the, apartment stood a large bed, so situatedl as to catchevery 'particlel of breeze ?whic?l i6ni'"isi?ýdti and sultry night.waswafted throughbthe roomi in scarce seufficient force to have extinguished a lucifer. Llnder the caiopy of 5ai dmioqlo' cur tainp?despite the careful hinti'bf alblack attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, buzzed and plinged as murderous a set of demnons as Queenslandbaini bois.j '' Lying thus with now aid theni aITolent dart at'a more that, Usually audacious member of the tribe, which invariably ended in missing the fair one (for we are told .that itiislonly irhe female that hites) sheo would soar merrily.,upwards; serenading as sh 'flew to prepare fora fresh oiiset.` - " r' .. lelosqtiitoes are bad eioigli at all i'mes,' but when to this is added a mind n'erwrought; :with thoughts distracting- try to" banishl them as one may--surely the cup of woe is filled to:its'utmb-irst' This was Sybil's case; "heied'o?;tle hundredth time he tos sedaid tuni-id'doi his weary pillows with the ever ominous hum of tosuitoes ringingi in his ears. "Confound the thing ! I can stand it no longer !" he exclaimed, di~shingthe curtains aside and reaching out fi; a cirarette. .' Hlaring lit the consoling roll of rice paper and 'tobacco, he thrust ,hits feet into a capacious paib of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah.: Here comfortably ensconced in aj long cane. lounge he seemed ,more at ease a ,-he watched the blue rings of smooke curling ulpwards in the air. The stars werb-out in great clusters of diamonds; shinito tithll that' intense brilliancy. and purityw4hich alone can be diewed in hot latitudes." Never had the ;-ifling of the fragrant weed seemed to bring such consolation to' Sybil.' His :miad was sore troubled arid needed some thig whereby relief, if only temporary, Ainght be afforded; and: thiis he was seek :ungfrm the goddess Nicotine. And has she not done mutch to soothe S'he aching brain of mial I. :Have we not :heard. of.cases w'here brave men, though ceath were nigh; andeach moinentmight prove, the last,t calimly awaiting' it with pipein motiuth ?? Whilst Sybil is' contemplating the h6arens it will be. a favorable oppor tunity to inquire what has brought him toti rising: coloniy of Northerin Ais tralia. That he was not an Australian by birth would have almost:convinced an obseirver at first glanC .Ti Hislools?s -manner and everything eise connected with him had an unmistakble, 'English; appearance, and surrou'ndec ais lie w5s5 o the planta. tiont ith'avarigd assortmentof humanity, iscldaing Sonuh Sea Island savages, -Ialays, and the roughest species of the Queensland bacl.woodsman, who differs but little from tie rest, except that his hkin may be a few, degrees less swarthy, unade him stand out conspicuously in their midst. Sybil had been reared at one of the good old English public schools, and not agreat many years from the time of the reader's introduction he was distinguish. ing himself more, perhaps, in the cricket andllootball-fields- that-.it-the-pa-f--lfe Greetk aliicsor Latin.rose. 'Tuesiult c(?i itecus rr oit ,ii it h'ta ,*as that most desirable of all qualities, a ooutd mind in a sound body. To edu -ate the mind at the expense of the ae1scles is bad at all tinmet, but to ax. 'peed a sefficiency, ot' orceon both in 'order to attain a'metns aar in'coipo'l sab o s -is-whatevery righttisinking.persaon houl .d desire. ii Thltmuiiular training 'which Sybil had undergbne in his youth had given to' his t! body that flexibility and energetic nmove ment enabling himn to undergo long days h of fatigue under ?.t- uns which to a less 'hardened phvsiquwminight have told sorely f upon him.. Having quitted school, he v passed tiro or three years under the guidance of seyeral "army-crammers," o who failed to drive the required subjects p into his head in order to qualify him for b commissioi in the service. Whether it e was that Sybil's skull was thicker than a the general run of young men's, or s that the cramming system was not ad- 's ministered in proper form, is a problem f still requiringsolution. s The 'soirtiug parsonl with whom he t had last, 'tiken up his residence was c chiefly remarkable for a knowledge of e horseflesh more than any other subject. 1: Sybil would often hold long discussions with him on the points of a new equine 1 purchase,to the exchision of all such t tiring arguments as to whether or no any twoasides of a triangle are together t greater than the third. a And so the tnie passed pleasantly f enough in the quaint old Sussex village, E which in the small hours of the morning q would often ring with the' shouts of the I obstreperous young bloods, awaking from their slumbers the hoary-headed e parishoners who brought' down on the t worthy rector's head anything but bles- 1 sings.. . When. Sybil had appeared for the a fourth time at Burlington House before c that array of grim-visaged examiners which have made many a daring young c soldier quake in his shoes at the thoughts 1 of being "plucked," lie knew within his own. inindi ithat ;the _ papers sent in I were not up to the mark.. He was right r in his conjectures. and once more was i hopelessly.spun. i • It'sIt' ' use, sir," were the words to I his fatheri fter this his mniii attemjpr; .:'1ll have to chucl it,up' and go out, to Australia." ! ;r:. ThiIs udden deteriiuiation in order, 'as it were, to seek sotiit consolatlion for hay-. ang ifailed to becomie a'.defende' .of his t country3. met with but'i scaint ap'rovyal from.Colonel Prescott;iille wase'.indig- a nant and displeased to ithink that his only son could not have followed in' the footsteps which le:himself had won. so I much favor in. . s:, ' 1 "Go; o Australia, if -you've set your I heart upon doing so," he hadsaid'; "but, i renienibierthis is the last thing I could have iwished. I had hoped that before my death'to hie .:seen you winning hoior' in somethiing moro oublo .ihan perhaps driv- t inga team of bullocks. However, when i a man has -been given :alreceptacle for liraini it c?i oiily be regretted that'the t necessary. article wasnot supplied. ' Colonel Prescott'was brusque in man ner, and'a'i times' when his reason was governed ,'by 'l?assion a very dangerous I ;person to encounter.. .In a mood irritable and.. displeased with:things in general, I chiefly on'accouiit'df his son's failure for a the army, he had bidden Sybil farewelldon his journey tb Queenaland: : : With" this brief 'outline of Sybil's former life; onie' miorde e ,return to the v'erandahi: fro ".i hich hb e looked on the i silvery night. - : .-'The~ scene was beautiful, indeed.lA 1 night. upon wihich it seemed that' da 1 I lighthad been' prolobiied,' ido clear a'ndso Sbright'v-ae it. The house loloked down upon the long slopingrbanks of garderi Swhich reached to the waters edge, where flashed and sparkled under thee mdooi's white.beamns the sluggish river.T 1 The house'itielf was of that'delfghf 2 fully rambling charsctcr peculiar)'ti houses wherein the owner, deeming thlat e internal comfort isapreferable:t, .external show, had illustrated his good sense.: The rooms it'contained were all spaiious aind airy, which opened out by nmeans 'of French lights onf to :a broad ,verandah rFruiing: the whole leiigth'of the house. Bath'roonis, perhaps.the most necessary ' of all, were made quite a study of:in this . edifico with" their showers, plunges, 'and cool Ilounges for' reclining in after the a ablutions. t :( Close beside and convenient for supply Sing the inmates with an abundancy of water rana clearmountaii stream, which even in the hottest' weather felt cool and refreshing to the body.'. Who that has ever' passed weary 'days where the akin seems parched and shrivelled for the 'waint of tone does not know what this bathihn'a land of a fierce sun means? . It is the very elixir, the restoration:of all i relixed energy once more to its normal Sisphere" To say that one's' breakfsat in the land where sugar grows would not . readily be forgone in favor of a bath is noet ian exaggeration. Sybil's room faced the south,' 'which was the best situaition for getting the Sbenefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally, sprang up after sun f 'down; and then with what sweet-smelling i aromatic perfumes would the air be -laden, exhaled from stepnanotis and Smagnolia which grew abundantly in the Sgarden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful E rustling noise, with white feathery tops 'shooting upwards straight as arrows j against the deep blue sky, would wave a and bendwith every sigh of the wind the Sbamboo canes which lined the river bank. SOn the opposite side-by day, stretching league upon league. through trackless ,jungle as yet undisturbed by the hand of man, the eye could roam at will over foilage from the darkest olive green to the clearest emerald--changing, too, with as many varying tints as the small lizards which were there in thousands, basking : in a noon-day sun. SAt night-fall would gleam and cast its glow heavenwards the camp fire of tie Suntutored Queensland savage who, crouch ing like some demon from the nether Sworld with shrunken limbs and unkempt locks made the only sorry spectacle inan otherwise perfect landscape. " ,In strange contrast oe. all this wild incultivated land was the appearance of theRappoe Plantation, where unceasing toil by .buay hands from-early morn till the sun.had:set was .'carfied on. The well-kept-fields of sugar-cane, with its arrowing to?gs den.otmg that'it was ready and _e.er 2.??forushing..-Th.ui-.. I ceasing whirr of machinery in th.egiant mill as' it' gruhrd and' cruahd :'throgii s~h Sthe sunny day the long luicious canes into a pulpy mass, extractini all" the Sthick creamny juice which ran in sdluggish streams from the rollers. The dusky South Sea sevages8,, wit grinning faces, knee-dqp in the immense Stanks shovelling out the thick molausesa. SAll this spoke of enterpri?ajand activity Son the part of the. owneri, who' lived in far-away Melbourne..,::i. :: :-:. Svbil had chlndriant make his li·'ihi' Shere:witlh avicer?:?timb d'd:ay:if mni?i(g Sthe estate which hi!iow fiield ian iinterest Sin. He was younlg, not more than \- twenty-five years of age. HIiS personal Sappearance wis taking, though in the strict ?s?iee of the term he was nout hand some.! His go-d:natured smile, .wluch I *wa, e%'ereo rady.topart.his lips, ihdcer, ?, .dark,colored eyes established confidence a in him at once, consequently withbut '3 few exceptions he was a great favorite on t the nlantation. - " He's got the whipi hand of ms' lis as he 1" he muttered to himself, as rising from the loungue he' tcssed away the t fourth cigarette end and paced the t veranidah as one troubled. i He was repeating to himself some wors I of Maurice Liscombe's, manager of Rap pot; spoken to him that day. That any body should have dared to try :and I exercise a power of this'kind, nay, more, I a threat held out to him, in order that he c should appear craven in theeyes of others, 1 'was more than he could stand. He feared no one, and, least of all, his con- t science, which was clear and free from the awful charge which he knew Lis combe intended bringing agaicast -him should he not at once hush it up with } large sums of money. "' Let him do his worst; I am prepared. There must be an end sooner or later to this." He was standing at the farther end of 1 the verandah speaking to himself and so absorbed with his own- thoughts 'that-the footsteps approaching were unheeded. Stddenly, as if by instinct, he turned t quietly on his heel and -confronted Maurice Liscombe. F /y For a second neither spoke, but stood gazing at each other, with the pale moon beams playing cn their countenances. At length, Maurice Liscombe, a man short . of stature, with acoarse-looking face and I an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, broke the silence. ' "So, Mr. Prescott, you choose three o'clock in the morning for taking exercise besides awakening people fromthetrsleep. To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had lie given his tongue I rein something more than a mere bandy ing of words might have resulted. Turn ing his back on the manager, he calmly : puffed away at his cigarette. ' S"Ah 1" exclaimed Liscombe, . "so you still intend to ignore me? So be it. Re- I member the conditions upon which I have based tny proposal this afternoon, -'and unless you comply with them- you know the consequences. A month from this date, and unless they are agreed to, ypou shall be known to the world as the mur derer of Gerald Dugdale." For an instant the desire to strike this man, as he would a dog, came over him, but as suddenly restrained himself and gazing fearlessly on Liscombe uttered in words both calm and clear : -, "That God should have 'demaied'it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond. comprehensiod~ Thid threat.which you hold but to me, thiinking that by so doing you can'extorit'fmoiey, does not frighten me. I 'sayyd'?your worst. Now I have finishied. Words with you are useless." - - • Before the manager had 'time'tolmnake reply Sybil had vanished, leaving him" to his own reflectionsi. 1:.: ;"'P In another hour :or two the great hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed. by shrill-tongued birds of brillian't colors, the low croaking sodunds of reptiles which came fdroii theii retreat' to bsiskcid its genial rays, and all the thousand noises which are ever, present in this steamy sugar land. The midhth 'was July, and cool enough compared to blazing Decem ber, which, indeed, is.a veiitable vapor bath in Queensland. ' The'morning-ball hadsounded aiwaken. ing the -handsa from `theii slumbers to begin another day of toil and, weariness under a vertical sun. Such a -hot sun, the like of which' is scarcely relizsbile by those whohave 'iiot stoddfor hosras uider its scorching rays witliin the dense cane brake whither no bhrezo to refresh the bod:sfinds its?way. /For hobiOfoil the . coolies, ridding theiground of noxious Sweeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house -Tlien' afar off' are seen"he patient plough horses tranmping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after the late rains, in order to prepare tie,;ground for nek tear's'cr6p. `Slowly and withlisdea sured tread, groaning and tugging at their chains, are seen teams of bullocks, dragging blehisid them mountain loads of firewood to feed the ever-ready jaws of the huge' furnaces, whilst the 'stalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many a curse on their heads and many a cut from his double-thonged whip when they shirk the slightest.. The mill grinds on without cessation until the crop is off. No sooner are the day toilers released than' a gang for niglit work succeeds them. The huge rollers I are silent for a time and give.way to the I whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter which is to be converted into sugar. It is all life and energy, the work of a sugar plantation. __Raoes from all countries mingle to gether. rhe shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge 'of the machinery;' the heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to I prepare fresh sugar land by felling the s jungle; the treacherous . Malay, who skulks and would 'like to run a knife I through anyone who offends hiis dignity s were it not that the laws of Queensland s are not those of his 'own peninsula and he fears the consequences. Then come s all the overseers, rouse-abouts, mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bags of sugar that will eventually find their way to the Melbourne and Sydney mar kets, others earting "megass" to the mill furnaces which has been drying under the sun for days past. Desky and well-proportioned women with babes slung at their backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments purchased at a neighboring store, load -aing drays with fuel. For the women of the South Seas lknoiw hard work equally 'with the men weeding and stripping the cane, laughing with the bright sunshine playing on their pearly teeth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a leas favored woman of fairer hue, and over. all the brilliant sunrays gleaming on whitened roofs and throwiting shadows across the purple-hued moiuntains' liich' frown like mighty fortresses that bhire been scorched and wind'swept for cen turies past. S.... CHAPTER Ii " ,asiC ' LMSaCOMIrse'S DELIiUr . SThe words whii ?ihai been uttered the previous evening by auriei ei s combe Sstill rang in Sybil's ears throughout the whole of the next live-long day, as though a hot irb~ had'been'seired across rhis brain. Usually- jyouas::wen em Sployed ins his day's work, singing and light-hearied as the e'ridit school-boy re Sleased from his shtdics, le was on the i moruin' after lueis mil;wt? oi;nutal t r Sture sad and abselint' li sllinler. I ''lhe da" was lan lllusually busy one. I The truck loads u, cane ntalcked high in s ir came pouriig iin I feedl the rollers, I which ground a:ay with a cracklingi coiseý slowly but aurelyextractingveverj [ larttile .eL juicefrm.?.thie ..lonig,? .sweet i sticks. The line of drays crawling at f;li~-eap;ae;, drie'int" i P 5i-" inC pulled I up, each in turn, to receivo- a-load of I "megass," thence to be carted away and spread out in the sun, where, as children e in' other countries might playin the hay- I fields, so would the little black savages- I the offspring of Kanaka women-delight in rolling and tossing it in each other's I faces. Ins the far distance :glimriered anid shone with almost supernatural brilliancy t the mighty mountains, on which could be I traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling and dancing like millions of crystals under the vigorous sunrays. The scene was all color, life and move- + ment. . Sybil of an evening would delight' to join in a friendly game of cards with the : overseers, where his cheery manner and 1 good:natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After the day's work succeeding that of his midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for the light-hearted throng which was awaiting his coming at the barracks.' He merely stopped as he rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that lie would not put in an appearance that evening. "Why, what's up,old boy; with you?" queried Fred Roycroft, a bright, good looking -oung fellow, eiiployed on the place as storekeeper. "Yes," added Alex Sugden, "'you look as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny." "She's thrown hinm over,; said ithur Richards in a playful tone.,.... - ,, At any other time Sybil would have had quick repartee at his iommanid: ti parry these thrusts with, but, this even ing he was dsltrait, and fodlnd 'bIit'littli to amuse him.. Thej society ,of d;his fellow-creatures for once proved irk some. . . .7 : . ... ,,n.li', Have we not all felt. so at times? When ioriie cloud lowers ove' tha suii': shine of our path, would we not.wish to. be away, far away and alonie to tliink iti over and try if; possible .of finding. some: way out of our trouble ? "iWell, hire we are, boys,"'aid Roy croft, placing glasses on the table with a whisky bottle beside-them. "Let us chase away dull care and make our old friend smile again.,, Never shall I.forget liii 'shdutirig "t6 meI thl eveningu that alligator- was behind'ne in the river.'i If ever a man swam for his life I did.on that occasion." ..a,' , . J " By George, yes !" said Sugden, "you had a narrow squeak that time, and can thank Prescott-for being, alive nows." Sybil, who was leaning over the table flickingithe, dust fromthisrboota, (poo poohed the idea'is itia hii'?sontwhen any special act of his doing was brought for ward. " Nonsense, boya,"lie answered; "it was all due to lRoycroft's swimming. Cer tainly, I drew his attention to the alli gator,.aud cantrulysay -he cutgitoland "Gi'eniesonie whisky, and hnug the cursed crocodiles," bawled Itichards, holding his glass at arm's length, "1'11, take good care they-don't get ume for a meal." Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder as the gleassed' were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed: ".Who the'devilcaih"thisi b??siilloing for his life ?" at the same time looking in the direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunset. " Well, Jim, what's wrong with you 1" shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pnlled,his msare up in fruit of? .the house a few seconds later. - \- "atter ?-- Nothing--much -with--me. The bossathough'a come o.,5ogrief.rC - the' road home he -ot'siung off, and sprained an ankle._ He's as tight as t?"y make'em. lie told me to ride like blazes for a bandage,,,and:I'm.;here accord ingly. The: quartette -listeeiied-jiisilOiice ed Singleton's account of the accident, though it coiuld hardly be :said that any one of them showed the slightest sign of pity for Maurice Lisconbe'.' "Curse him!" was all Richards mut tered whilst pacing the verandah. "Now look sharp with the bandages!" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to the stere. Soon all the necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurice Liscombe, a distance of less than half a mile from the barracks. As they rode along the river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between .their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get an opportunity of showing what mettle their steeds are made of. On entering the -house they found the manager of Rappoe stretched at length on.the sofa, with wild eyes starinig into space, and now and then an effort to articulate soniething which was perfectly Unintelligible ..to 'them. "A knife at once," said Roycroft to Singleton, who set himself up as an authority whenever anything in the doctoring line cropped up. " I must cut that boot off, first thing."..:: So, suiting the action to the word, he ripped the seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. - SLiocombe, then sinking back, was soon wrapped in heavy sleep. -To give Roycroft his due, althouch far from having any great knowledge or skill as a surgeon, he was what might havys been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. He could bind or stitch wounds, could prepare and put on a poultice with all the skill of a profes sional nurse, and, oh more than one oc cision had been known- to extract teeth, though how much unnecessary pain he had inflicted he was not prepared tosay. ' Seems a nasty wrench, and likely to lay him up for a time," said :Roycroft, as be bathed the ankle with animionia and SThe two were itanding'on either side of the maeaiger, who lay as -one inanimate, save for the .labored bieattiing and don !ulsive twitching of his: lipe;,caused'iby heavy drinking. S" That beast can neverigo to the town ship-wthout-omingbat?k tighlt. ems dight he'll get his nect )zroke, and it iwrn"te mnuclhtsloss £ith?? '"I kns~v'oii man on the plaenih'ietrildfi'fifiind seeing liim toes up." These' rematks *trekttdred S?-Si ifrl I i.Who'z thiatdqueried ?oyeroft;,wind- i?gyatdesipols:latdaef soft'l etinc? 'idsi'nd 'Nos; tif", tn'c:S you guess.! u,'te?4. of ,ying to play tie goat? You knoew jolly well the man I miean." l,,vrroft often assumed this kind oft feigned igtorance on c-rtain subjects, Sbeing what one might have termed rather Ssaf customeri as rerds' not saying too much:. a: "" Well, if you want to know, Prescott 's t tli'eiiiif'ii referiiin to: Tord'i-to liaF 'ii him, cursing, the boss this morning was I enough to havie frightened the devil him- n self. Tihere must.ha' been some jolly row on lait night, for I never in all'iny b born days--" " .. Before Singleton-had finished, Maurice b Liscombue opened his eyes, though what s' was taking placo lie seemed scarcely to be a aware of. His eyes rolled wildy from one I b to the other.' His arius were thrown over! his head, clutclii" nat'the cushions uji?;r it which he lay. For a moriient all is wi silent. In nfITotler instififilo?t, chuck ling demoniscial laugh- broke, from Lis- t combs hiniself :' " "Escape me, can he ? Never I" The tone of his voice was unnatural 7 and unlike that ei·;r heard before b:'iy those watchling beside hini., " It was cleatly dislderibleo'tatI he was li waindering in .his mind fronim the dis- is jointed nature of his remarks': ?-'? p "As true as my name's Liscombe- saw a whole affair plain as- call: it"oi?irder of 1 courseI dd-i that fellow Pri;eado'tmoon shining" fiullsea Fcalm--'ll iha ~siioney ii Having relieved himself'of so=iiitich, he I shut his eyes' once more and sl'umbered. c "'What on earth is the old'fddoldiving at " 'xclaiinigd. Singletoin:"l "Prescott mixed up'writh full moon s and murer. It strikes mii'the'mt'dn's lhad .ii g6?t-Mltii iy his talk.? 'Perhaps I'rescott'll 'oe 'ible to l tell usall'aboiit it." '" '" U.' "Talke 'iy advice," said tovycroft, p "and'k'eip's at yoe've heardtitiouraelf. t It migh't'ca'e'tibuble." t-' ""'. s '' Perhais ycrtir iglht,"i said Singletoni, "thouiih i've always heard say, that whena miman's suffering from delirium its not righlt Id 'attach too much importance I to whait'h?Wsjiys. Now takitg my owt a case,-for' eximpldwhen I was' laid' up c with irheumatic fever, I took all sorts of a odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally.'' It strikes! me; however, in this 'cass that i there's something amiss between the boss t and Prescott. I've noticed 'em for somo I time' hack'not 'hitting it offti'iite liuo-i per." .. , .,.. 0 " Yes,", said Roycroft, " that has been pretty evident to all of us, and no wonder either. -..A!better chap: never trod;this earth thahn Prescott..i. I've'never known him guilty of a mean action 'yet A gentleman'ii every sense of 'the'ltetm, which'is'isore thanii eaibe'tsidiif hin,'' i pointing t6o the !rianager:?.'.t:Why;,thd way l'r-scott is!spoken to sometimes,-it's a wonder; to me that he hasn't-ibroken every.b ne in'his:body befo'e;this:?3' .?:Goodr!ord,I;do you think;for.a mod ment. thatIPrescott would talie ;such a mean.advantage as to strike::this'flabby thing' here'lt;saidSingleton,tthroiving a Tooteof-contempt-on -the-sleepingform: No, lie's not built that way. Give him a man.of his-own -size and- ;weight,-and 'then there would be something to balk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a h?ei evening was nowmwearing on. Without all was still and peaceful, save for the the cry of birds which piped merrily all through-the night, as some are wont to do'in this hot land. Or again might be heard the piteous wail of wild dogsserenahding thelbrighrmoon~tiii h oined deep recess of the thick- jungle, a whine so piteous and uncanny as to make those who her itfrhfirsttimeimaginoe iti from thetrtens"'sheur., tdrmetenti may exist. WVhat nights are theso of the tropics,, wheroe the deep vaiult of Heaven is studded with countless millions of bright i worlds.1 jiDplt}gJey nottspeal,.s'doud of esoethiig tlhat we s may hope For so that unveiled future whither all, we believe, are trending; something of peace, some thing of rest and repose from all the busy toil and vexation of. spirit, which is the greneral lot of mankind on earth? IYes. I shah Ere rhi'sti diramidy~'dalm','~thereul nights of these lands where Great Solin runisiieg his 'diiily birde b'itd $oid'iupn the earth so fiercely. i Besid'eticiliHiighth atheise, vhat'com parison can be drawn with those of tem perate latitud'dwhere'tli'dfstars'liine but feebly, where fogs drift up from cold \- morasses, and where-thib sun looks sick so often through banks of dull-hued 'clouds? One is~ lllif!dolbmiand gaiety; i the other sombre, dull and sad. The ibirds in their rich plumage darting across Ithe jungle path, the lizards timidly gaz \- ig from their bower of fern and rich,' Itmoist grasses, the troops of dazzling ' butterflies, the emerald, colored snakes r:gliding noiseleasly tlhrtugli- the' under t growth, all seem to be endowed with gieater vitality in lands where spices F grow, and, alas!-where' Europeans sicken s amid die. e :LOver all this wealth of color, this s abundance of Nature's greatest- gifts, t when but'to-be'ahble'to be proof against L malarial fever, would mean only to live I in order to enjoy, comes the warning note of'death. The ride, perhaps when the sun has set, floundering girth deep on your trusted steed through stagnant > water, are then exhaled from its noxious a depths where' infusorial life is teeming s the dreaded malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, 'strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, 'men who have travelled many weary Sleagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience -them all Sagain rather 'than fight the common enemy of the tropics, which racks them :both in mind and body as nothiiung else I can. Lying for weeks together, withl Severy bone, as it were, being hammered ' by mallets, by sprays of ice-cold water coursing down the spine, as soon to be Sfollowed by scorching. irons, as it were, \- tearing the flesh asunder, are some of the -feelings of this tropicalfever.' '. ' Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, Sas most do whose rich English blood is not made thin until a'simmeir or tWdo has Spassed. With his fine physique and well Strained muscles he could defy almost any 1 thing in the shape of bodily ailments, and would latighwlhen'any one coinplained of E headaches, so much the rule with all about S' Well," said Singleton, breaking a 'somewhat prolonged silence, "do you 'think you'll want inessaTiyylonger, 'cos, if \- ou don't, I think I'll be getting back to . W,!lqissis.l.", ;, ! :!, ai:··: -', · ; SSingleton was a married man, and al s ays spoke of. his ettpp half-'. u:the ssissi. Afiinde& l oshanidnever breathed than this somewhat rough-and-ready s ockman, .whb?i6ok pidem'is eeing everything around his emall hIomo as rl oat and natty as hands-could make it. •Its well-kept garden, in which he would 'work after,,tls .a? ad.finished. rTho lf ug little paHi4,t tlit suite of'fresh, ;b-izht-colored chintz and favorite books indphota?gapliilh. It'isililgdd lasl-loloha 'ing ferns, shading the verandall, the pride and joy of his wife. These all told Sof kind and loving hands which, in otlhers, miight have been left to languishl r and decay. O} "only ?n thinoi- 'mo ren, Sigleton, "said Ihoyeroft. ' b. Thenr yn'luiopahag. tile brraks o see if Prescott is there and i Sif so ;'telaIita toh omasan soo slbe I want to arrange, a.Butttlihe boss. le must have sonim oni by himt all ni'ht. In one of his Iomoents -f frenzy hc migiht I become troubhosinme.". " "'ilighlt, old boy. ,hTireassny little beauty outside pullin," ui.her bridle as if i she saw a tlousand-ghsts, so :l'll' beotfl Iat Oice. Gil dnight ! and hiec the old e be,_gar' quit." ' . In anotliCer second hi( liad icvn' li'htly| into the saddle and wnscantering throueiiht: ihe'moonlight.with milany leap from the t yapung mare, who seoilied to have an idea i that shadows of trees and stumps were irelachcroil waiteir-uai a Itoycrioft and'iithe manager were' alone. The room'the?eyi'were idi was losg and airy, f and;ias' the se.-hbreeze caiie 'in "entle 0usts, it made:musidin thed ghlas clhande- F lieraboe. ,I. the.gardeni lyin?.-foxes anmidstlthe . cocoa ut and ,bananna trees playedhlide-ail?seek; the crickets chirped 'd' bantsflew in and out, attractedbythe 'All d`eaitures 'of; 'ight-time were hold. in? high festival: ,: • \- re;ently :! doee. .groan 'came . from. laurice, Liscombe, whliich .startled Roy-. ,it sob ewlrpt rho w?as enjoyng ,'a arett 'in ani aim?-chair' ili f'iff6ther instant he: had risen i sittin' posture' but isee'med; to take i no heed of IRoyrroft's iproseice. " Hi's 'eyes had a :lied bleary;look; ind::wore an ex- , pressiouof ,ain.as he drew from hiis pocket a sealed ,letter .and; as;,quickly thrust it iadc aain, fearing leat auy one.l slould see it? " : , , iThiht hi?'ias i'd?feerit~'fiii dlriniulf wss'evidont..8. "f"., .: . ~ : ., c; ? e) " ' PoosrDugdale ' Piooir.Doudaloilr he kept.! repeatiig' toin::.iself.,it '?N'ever mind ; you'll ibe,avenged fpr it.,li'reos., colt'tl have a ihard baseio prove'a,'hard case toi prove-d d s')nhim" Roycrof' listine n vith"o o'ri.i terest wandeciis what "is"t . dii"'th'iis "'cliasge levelled agiainst.Prescott'dduld imean. ", In the distaince camelthe:noise of-clt-. Serting hoofs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil ridin'ghoinewarde ý', , -i,ýu Soon the yOin Englishrnaa?iuhled up and dismoun?ted, Wi hen he entered tne oos' he stood for an instant gazing aitth bloateid features and swollen ankle of-the manager, then taking.;his 'seat clisad to'Rbticroft; they -alked for a time in low. voicesJb" ii i,) ".Is he wandering? Has he been say ing'anythiseg?" qcheried ,ybimlfhi6owas ipp :arently?raniiaou to 'kii'di~tliiathisiha Sbout thlleatient..:u a - 5 t,:.Ies, he.i, saymng a lot more than ,he I "Anything about me? Is he 'ri~-l! Sscioutsa 'i i. ",oilla %"I-Sii ff l''I* AJ S"eVry itucII soi ahd:fori thiat rasbnil L attach no importhnce to, his words." '"'Bii s-liat hal" li"tkhh ayi' msayi'e'" I Sybil inqired ad'xioiaslydtsi i, Ct:JC "i 1 Better not.be too cp riaps; itmightn't , Come, now, .oycro, t ; there can be iothingbetweeen:us.: ;Take isno intotyouii conefidence; I promise you it'll go,nofdmf For your own sake; 'I trtiut not; it sa I geryrtgly'rpbort? old bliy "'',, a C ?911 ' nA lit s c iswords :Syiil roso'.ofhisfeet, I fearing whatlahegussedw?i en lhe hanl dlieard`"tlfai " 'iecmb' was, elirto. lii s." tIj ' tol 1 idiv c $f lid ?6A aim gently b' 'the ishobdlde'iii ldr t eslylintolis pyes niciel ti ? idl it' s dT Y F'DoesiiIteisaReStig f-,prh pe, ho3fg-, tered a ? ittle-" nlieptton theiname ,of D idale,'amd g i?? r fl - dmof.O a SHe sank into a chair, the words refus-"' t iiagtd come:!, d -n.,an tus nmiunii I f Iloycroft ;stopdgLove.ithim,aLvonderingi t what i alln~, n ;lrae3~vt. eaonied ins "oamdai .fiul h i a shunm eMC1I9TERul IiM nih)teO ,0 }p ,nt'n't.YroI ..:--'i stoiksa ldt,.tttunne I "iI't-islwsiasiiowemIa. vsIe i-i lilln[t tilit a Seasonsa'i cimf=andti~is mii-itr ai labtis a without that ieoatkcableehang'e i charau?a ter;iwhichldistil·uirb he thtoie± bfi 'rhire Stemgperate aclimes.u.,'i , sumn iisralways \- shining e, tor , t fe s \- flos ersaaroe for ever fresh tothe eye k severe than autumn; summer may: b: d come, intensifiedasa tpringdeparts, hbut Sdays're ohot asrways., The dancing rayes e of sunsimbne bhindthe eyes at noon-day. s eAt' fii?tli'iniioahot of' iunea'aiid. lshii iight clmses'ii chill' inhsts~,''att'tiitiat hs ' ,liangin~ ',like;"a: whitupall abdso 'th'e arrowing cane-tops.; ThodMaldy crouches s around hiisgho .mbersthia.form so lith srnd actie undei vertical surays,.when is cJ e-fields' l thbe'fotile?s?"oiere bliasies? it Es urazrs 'ands:flfrhig inethe sunshrink a from a'scoreo o lfidus sv gt aes. Women S'and' 'children,'i'~( 'y(irri; p'"t (omen: t' was th' winter .seahon aringuobs e hbamboodii thiy fallandpiioa thpem on n the trucks for the mill. N ng ieCas'l aClink, ik, a wnt thae caisethk seas sharp s razors and beflashingin th lsunshine ,rest mill has ceased pou'idifig ifiinsi o bids.a nd. flyin.-fo ,es, wheel aboutt t. frobuildin a scare o dus y thge ros r W omen y steam. r Tan' childrei ;o wn weatheirfii-;' i" the Li racing mountain torrents 'i"d "jobie thab' bambroad, f-sot-hflaing river,'whichl ci'ries ein Sits surfc mighty tree trunks, toi fom Sdl o tooin the ide blueocen. f nlan perfo r.c must sauccumb to? the inT' 0 evitable.' ' He watchies,land not without S?ietBy, theriase of thestorms wate rs as g slbwly; but surely, each day .they make great mill has cg lest potluat n int one o orisrihelniieng hvahoiuich ' tihey may o birdst their bundsg-fo and carry all before I- uIn;June a scan right wade the river, r- scere it notforthe gruesome',!thought d tl'at'iinder thti'cnliii, unrufflsed.urlace a If hid'eduscrooddile ma y be larkimin Slcep. it in, sleeping alwaysi until it Scents'ita 'i priz'e;then' seiths adar5 maimeal oitis a rOped, the-prey is seiedhr.d dra'red-by u-s utriple rgy t of teett tu. ground o iiI if p 'ieir 'el or If you've nothin ti do , tist, hiinc d- -of billiards,? said'S bil to Roycroht.Fi;i e Sigletosabout s ro~I sLait him'to?cdme;' y itabl was ridiii, and had wulledu s Cliinide,i:3alajis and Kansklas 'were bb feodding theolleriesswit cisteri. a:ci 'a d MyeanP wiargingrtet, h, : in .C.oen dih inkreoa~3ou ca sitmlh " 'theyoi"av " hs also heard part, and l tlfi l reason I sant you hoth to ride to dl Thorntoi seithi me. Theer ce cni have na quiet chant at the guls' Oer thu, Is unatter, halich I donl't ceare about doing h?ere.'"-(To e colntinued,) ' 