INDIAN WARS. , What; They Cost. A Long Reckoning. , How Some Wars Originated — Bad Whites and Bad Indians- Wars With Sioux. Now that interest is centred in the trouble some red man in tho United States terri tory, tho following record of Indian wars will be found of interest: — -Rinco Julv 4, 1776, when tho United States Government began, the Indians have cost the United States 1,000, 000, OOOdol. When the old Pequot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rock, and said, " Welcome, Englishmen," he spoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the estimated number of the rod race then living within what are now tho bounds of tho United States. And so it appears that to date the act of dispossessing the aborigines has cost lOOOdol. for evory buck, squaw, and paposo living on the soil when tho white man came. These are round figures, but they are very close to the exact record. Three years ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now in charge of the Indian census, made a careful compilation. He showed that from July 4, 1876, to Juno 30, 1886, the Indians had cost the Government 929,239, 2S4,02dol. It is safe to say that the four years added to tho record since Mr. Donaldson's researches will bring the figures close to one thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one- third of what tho war of tho rebellion cost. One-third of the ono thousand millions, has been spent in pacifying, and civilising Indians. Two-thirds of the ono thousand millions have been absorbed in fighting Indians. Senator Doolittle, of Wisconsin, once ventilated this Indian war business. Ho was in the Senate when it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the Nava- joes. Several other eenators demurred to the cost of tho proposed treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost of Indian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facts about the origin of these indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near Fort Laramie was a gathering of Indians. The military post was there and the Indians were camped near it. One of tho Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant complained. The officer in command at the post sent out a subordinate) with 20 men. This little force went to the Indian camp, und demanded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians re plied to the demand : " We are willing to pay for this animal ; wo will pay 3'ou in buffalo robes or buffalo skins." ,Tho army, officer declined. He repeated his demand for the immediate surrender. The Indians refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men, 20, obeyed. in twenty minutes toe soldiers were killed and scali-ed. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852\. The war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 15, 000, OOOdol. and 20, 000, OOOdol. The Navajoo war was another which Mr. Doolittle told about. For many years after the Government acquired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was' no trouble. One day a Navajoe Indian was visiting the fort where, the troops were. He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to ono of the officers. The supposition was that the negro insulted the Indian. The latter drew his bow and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then lie fled to his tribe. The officer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay tho troops were marched out, and war was begun. Three campaigns wore made against the Navajoes on this provocation. The United States troops were beaten in each of them. ' This Nava joo war cost the Government nearly 20, 000, OOOdol, the biggest of all recent indian wars was the one about which least was published. It began in 1862. It had its origin in a com paratively insignificant matter. A contractor torfurnishinglndiansuppliessenttotheSioux agencies what was supposed to bo prime moss pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of the headsof hogs. Thelndianswent back on such rations, und took the warpath instead of the souse. Generals Sibley and Sully conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 troops under them. In this Sioux war the "Galvanised Yan kees," as they were called, made their ap pearance. There were several regiments of these "Galvanised Yankees," and they did good service against the Sioux. It may be explained that " Galvanised Yunkees " wore Confederate prisoners, who took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regi ments to fight Indians in preference to re maining in Northern prisons. Not being hampered by the humanitarians and philan thropists, General Sibley adopted a very vigorous Indian policy. As he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung them. As many as 30 braves were made "good Indians " by the rope in one day. there is a record of engagements with hostile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from 1868 to 1882. In the recapitulation of this record it is stated that " more than 1000 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded " in the Indian fighting of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes were fought with Indians in the 14 years. In answer to a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 1880, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of tho troops in the Indian country from 1807 to 1886 had been 223,891, 2G4dol. 50 cents. In 1868 and 1869 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Oklahoma. Between 1862 and 1868 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south-west. On March 2, 1868, this war to punish the Cheyennea, Arapahoes, and Co- manches began. It ended on February 9 following. Three hundred and fifty-three officers, soldiers, und citizens wore killed, wounded, or captured in the 11 months' campaign. The Indian Iosb was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 58 captured. The actual field operations during tho 11 months cost l,056,515.57dol. the modoc war in the lava beds cost the army 111 soldiers killed or wounded. Tho chief incident of this campaign was the assassination of General Canby. Seventeen citizens wore and wounded. The record which was sent to the Senate by the War Department says : "No Indians reported killed." So far as losses were concerned, the In dians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1876 cost, for the actual field expenses, 2,312,531dol. But the cam paign was chiefly notable for the Custer massacre. The army loss wus283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 85. Had Sibley's policy toward tho Sioux been continued, Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would have ornamented gallows- trees and there would be no ghost dancing to-day. The Custer massacre was never atoned for. Tho guns which tho Indians took from the soldiers are still in their pos session. the nez ferces war of 1877 lasted three months, and cost 931,329.52doI. The Ncz Perces lived in a valley in Eastern Oregon. Thoy occupied land which, from its extraordinary fertility and adaptability for irrigation, is now worth from 50dol. to 75dol. an acre. That ought to be sufficient explanation of tho way' hostilities camo about. Two bad whito men killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians killed a good white man. Troops wore sent to the Nez Pcrccs' camp, and. were whipped with a loss of a lieutenant .and 33 soldiers. Then followed tho Nez Perocs war. General Howard followed the Nez Perces over 1400 miles, and then failed to bo in at " the death." Miles, who is now attending to tho Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph and his hand in tho vicinity of the National Park. Ho killed six chiefs and a lot oi warriors and captured all the others. Tho wind-up uas on September 30. Howard came up with his advance guard justafterthe victory was won. In that campaign 241 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve citizens were killed. The Indian loss was 158. Tho Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost 556,636'19dol. When it was ended the record showed a loss of 24 to the army, 30 citizens murdered, and 74 Indians killed. Tho Northern Cheynne outbrcnk in 1879 entailed a loss on the army of 32 killed and wounded. No Indians were reported killed. Since 1882 the only Indian fighting has been with -the littlo squads of Apaches in Arizona and" New Mexico. For every Apache run down-and killed or captured the Government is said to havo spent 100, OOOdol. 