MUNICIPAL MATTERS. WATERLOO. The "Sand Ghost." Careless Contractors. When the civic fathers of Waterloo meet to discuss matters relating to tho welfare of tho municipality they havo boon oleeted to look after they wasto 110 time in idle talk, but go straight at tho business they have wvw<( tuuiiiiui' tu Liiuiauvvj au v»n»v »» the fortnightly meeting of tho council, held last night, witli Mr. George Anderson, the Mayor, in tho chair, aud Aldermen Navin, Collier, Kellett, Williams and Smith assist ing, mattors were attended to in such a business-liko way that it would bo well if other similarly constituted bodies would follow the noteworthy example Bet them, financial. . Tho treasurer's fortnightly statement showed that tho general receipts had been £5!!u 7s. 8d., and the expenditure £439 13s. Sid. ; dr. balances to the general account, £220 9s. 5d., and to the Mount Carmol Park account, £11 12s. 2d.; rates collected, £484 9s. 4Jd. Tho finance committee recom mended the payment of accounts amounting to £247 9s. Id., and they were ordered to bo paid, cleanliness. On the motion of Aldermen Kellett and Smith it was decided to purchase a street- swoeping machine, at a probable cost of £25 ; and on the motion of Aldermen Navin and Smith it was resolved that 24in. pipes bo laid from Queen-street to intersect with similar pipes already laid in Botany-road, at a probablo cost of £12S 10s. a sand mine. The council own a mountain of sand in Dowling-strcet very vahmblo for building purposes, and on December 5, 1885, entered into an agreement with Mr. Hudson, of Hudson Bros., giving him a lease of the sand-mine, as it is called, for five years for £259, Ever since this sand has been a sort of a ghost to the council. Whenever busi ness was slack, or an alderman was bursting to hoar his musical voieo resound through the chambers, this question of agreement with Hudson wus the theme mado ready to hand. It has beon insinuated that the word five in tho agreement hud been altered from four, that tho aldermen had been nobbled, and various other little pleasantries that can only be conceived by a lurge-braitiod alderman. Anyway, tho whole council became so disgusted with this "ghost that, in order to lay it, they ordered on J uno 1 present that a letter should bo sent telling Mr. Hudson that if in' three months lie did not vamoose from the sand hill he must tako the couscquencc.". He replied to this that if the council in nny way interfered with him or his valuable mine lie would make it particularly warm for everybody all round. This reply raised thebilo of Alderman Kellett, and made him sit up in his alrlermatiic dignity, and last night he made certain assertions. Tho Mayor, after everyone else had a fling at the sand ghost, said ho would order that a letter should be sent informing Mr. Hudson that at the expiration of three months' notice lie would be expected to hand over the mine or he would be regarded as a trespasser. This sensible measure brought the nlderman up with a round turn, and they at once got down from the high-falutin form they were on, and eventually unanimously resolved that Mi. Hudson should be requested to meet tho council to discuss the whole quostion, with out prejudice to any action which may be hereafter taken. a general grievance. The stupid clause in the agreement with tho Australian Gaslight Co., that street lamps, should not be lit four nights a month at the time of the full moon, was brought under notice by Alderman Williams, who pointed out the absurdity of the. clause, as very often, especially in winter months, tho nights at this time of the full mcon were wot ami dark. It was decided to write to tho Gas Co., and ask if the lamps could not be lighted at. the times montioned. careless contractors. Alderman" Smitii drew nitontion to tho disgraceful and dangerous state in which contractors for laying the sewerage pipes in the streets left their work. Thoy did not -half fill in the sewers, so that in a short time tho earth sank, and loft dangerous holes and ruts wherever pipes were laid down. It was decided that the aldermen should meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, and inspect in a body those por tions of the borough through which pipes have been laid with a view of seeing what action could be taken to remedy the evil. 