CHAPTER Vf!. C f tho wild joy and excitement in the house of Struan that night thia history will not pause tn tell. The father had only just returned, sick and sore at heart, from'his.fruitless quest, for Ode was the apple-of his eye, and his stubborn High- land constitution threatened to gire way before" the shock. He had managed to send'word'to Jîedrntb as well as East- holme homestead. From the latter came a meesnee that all hands should be turned tint at daylight to the search-it was late when Mr. Minton heard cf the startling event-and shortly after tho arrival of Tom and Otîé a trooper arrived, des- patched . by the inspector at the former place._ With him came Turn's horse, which, the trooper had found, at the eight mile gate'and brought airing with him in the way of an enquiry. 'He also brought a message of assurance that the bush- ranger who carried off Miss Struan-foi it'ranst/be he- would be in the hands of the,police to-morrow. '.Wo knew it must be Small, alias Maurice,' explained M'Fergus, the trooper, 'because the bould scamp stuck up Mr. and. Mrs. Haddock yesterday, and raid, «Uh a wink afc the lidy, that he wai Vitry lonely at homo, but intended toi have a nice companion to spend Christmas with him. And, bi j*sus,' con- tinued the gallant civil-military man, . gazing with all the admiración of a young Irishman at Ot ie, ' but be was neai keeping his promise, bad cess to him. Rut it's * differ:nr. Christmas entirely he ¡ going to spend. Mt-']I be in «m- ¿..iv."* t«*-mt»rri>w worum-* .md rha ¿am-': Christmas. raith, his Chrisuuaa- ouJ 'll be a mighty strong jug.' The excitement of tho day, couplet with' this' joke, told upon the little family, arid all looked wearied out M'Fergusr' was obliged to depart, hil orders being imperative, «nd Tom wishe( to " accompany, but this neither thi trooper 'nor tho family would permit The grateful mother, in tho interests o Tum hims'e'f, pretended f..ar cf tb return of the bushranger, and M'Fergu clinched the argument by asserting tba he dare bat for the life of him bring any ono to the rendezvous or indicate it locality. * So'Tom lay down, but his resolve wa taken. " He would visit this man in hi haunt, and ssc if nothing could be don f jr him. .Manifestly ho was not at all bad A trace of the angel si i 1 remained, germ that might be so cultivated as t overgrow all the blemishes of a bad life the result perhaps moro of his environ menta than himself. See him he woul and must. -At ;the earliest dawn of day Tom stol softly, out b£ the hut, picked up his bridl and saddle, and went in quest of his hors« Then waa the significance of the trite an equally terse proverb, 'more haste, wors «peed ' driven home to the understands ?of. Tom' Wollwyn ; for his horse, una« customed to being approached at such a unreasonable hour, made off as hard as b hobbies would allow him. Tom followe until it* seemed to pleasant a task to can the saddle, so this was dropped under bush, the fleet-footed young, man vowio to run the confounded horse down if didn't stop Then came another misha i^the hobVa-chdin broke, and the di lighted steed launched over the plain wit all the delighted expansiveness of one wt bia gained hu liberty. . There was no hel for it "Tom had to follow to the eigh mile gate,-and even then the work < catching that horse, was not so easi! accomplished. 3y the time Tom got bat to his saddle the sun was well np-and j there were seven or eight miles to go. Tom considered it prudent to leave tho horse some distance from the outlaw's den. By using bia own nimble legis to best advantage he could make up iii- short- cuts for lack of pace, and, above all this, was the only way he could expect to pass the cordon of police, which he had every ¡ reason to believe was being drawn round ' the place. Breathless between excitement and exertion, the young man gained tho crest of a rocky ridge and looked down upon that peculiar amphitheatre he had once seen before. All was still for a second or two. ; then the stamping of a horse, vexed by the Bummer flie3, drew attention to a part of the natural paddock where a race ' horse stood tethered to a tree. Tom's heart beat even quicker, and he then seemed to stand still. For suddenly, issued a human figure, grizzled, dis- hevelled, bristling with arms. The still lithe and Bturdy figure paced towards the horse with head somewhat down as if oppressed by thought, evidently unsus- picious of being observed by any human eye. Like a clap of thunder in a clear sky, a loud, sharp report awoke the universal stillness of this solitary seclusion, and the glen roared in reverberations throughout its multitudinous rocks. The man threw up his hands, turned, and ran back. Another shot, and he tuina again. Another and another, and another-five, ten, twenty deadly reports-and still the quarry turned and turned in acknow- ledgment of the excellent practice .being made, until at last, after, staggering in short '' circles for à few seconds, he dropped. But still the bullets continued to rain around him. The suddenness and startling nature ol the tragedy paralysed Tom at first. Then, seeing what was taking place, he boundec down the rooky declivity regardless of th< bullets flying on every side. His hoar was bursting with rage and pity. O thi degenerate times 1 The difference betwcci this ambushed army, riddling their mai with-lead, and the gallant young troope of 20 years who single-handed beardei the terror in bis den and took him with out firing a shot. The last bullet splashed the earth on t die prostrate bushranger as Tom knel beside him and took his hand. * How is it with you ? cried the youn mon in a voice that startled himself. 'I am wounded,' uttered the poe wretch in a hoarse voice. * Shoot m dead.' ' I don't come to shoot,' said the othei raising the dying man's head. ' I am frt«nd. Gan I do anything for you V S HQ opened his eyes then for thc fir iimo, and there appeared in their deptl the awsome consciousness of "ne wi deems he lnóká upon a ghost. * Can't I do anything for you V pe sister the youth in a choking voice. The' frozen expression of the ey thawed into softness before a gleam pleasant memory. Thc doer of evil r membered one good deed to his cree i and hugged it in his last m-ment, faint, smile illuminated the features-ai remained there. He had gone to spei . his Christmas in another place. 