THE DAY OF REST. THE POWER OF A GOOD LIFE. On Friday morning the Rev. Mark Guy Pearae, preached at tne Pirie-atreet Wesley an Church in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, the Church being crowded. Mr. Peabse read and expounded two chap ters ;from the Acts of the Apostles, saying that the book had no end. The last chapter, was not written, but was left for them to take part in. Before beginning his sermon Mr. Pearse thanked those in authority in ar ranging that the collection Bhould be in aid of the West London Mission, and said that he would give them two appalling facts concern ing it. They had in London, outside their re ligious accommodation, a population greater than that of the whole of Australia. Three years ago they commenced the work among 400,000 people where there was no Methodist agenoy whatever. In the three years they had a Church numbering more than 1,500 members, and that was only a small part of the spiritual success which they had had. What touohed London touched Australia, and he was sure that the London mission concerned Australia, for it would largely depend on missions suoh as this whether that surplus population whioh found its natural outlet in the colonies would be intelligent and respeotable or. otherwise. Mr. Pearse then tookhis text from Acts i. 8— "Ye shall reoeive power after the Holy Ghost is oomeupon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto. Me.1 That, said Mr. Pearse, was how Christ wasgoing to restore the kingdom unto himself. He wanted to speak very simply to them. The ministers were going away soon from their labours to their various spheres, and he presumed that most of those present were Christians. At the time the womb were spoken there were 120 Christian men and women, poor, simple, and homely—not fireachers—very much like they were to-day. nto their hands the blessed Master gave the power to restore his kingdom of the world to himself. What would the English people have done if they had had suoh a work put into their hands? They would at once have said— "Well require a great deal of money." They could not have done without money. How was it that he found that they of old had a . contempt for money ? A man came to Christ with some £100,000, and Judas looked upon the money with eager eyes. Bnt Christ bid the man to go away, Bell his goods, and give to the poor. He (the preacher) would rather throw up Christianity than make Buch an ado about money. God did not use all his gold to pave, heaven's streets, and if it were necessary the angels would fling down the paving stones. No good work of God's' " still f " stood still for want of money. In the old times they did not go hat in hand to the rich men of their congregation begging for subscriptions, and the noh man was not made more essential to the Churoh than the good man. If they desired money they should do as the Christians of old did, namely, go direct to God for it. If they were set to do the work they might say, " We will need a great deal of mtelleotual power," but he contended that the band of old dtd not depend on that power. The Lord did not say a word about intelleotual power. He (the preacher) would . not for a moment say that the Church could do without . it, but he would say this— that less trust in intellectual power Would be better. .There were many splendid notions abroad, and he might give to a poor man some sidendid notions respecting the large sum of a million of money. He could tell such a man that with such a sum he could build a magni ficent house, could stock it with fine furniture, keep a large number of servants, and indulge in many other pleasures. _ But he would say " give him a threepenny-bit to use as he liked. Who wanted the notions? Poor humanity wanted the grip of Christ's hand, and how did they mock the people with their splendid notions. They should not throw the work upon the preacher. Home people were apt to give him the funds and leave tne rest to nim. Christianity began with the Incarnation—the God in man—and bad been carried on ever since. With the 120 followers of Christ there was power from on high. They first went among the Romans—men of great strength and authority. They took with them the powerof goodnessamidst the might of old Rome, and by that power subdued it. Herod quailed under John the Baptist, was afraid of Christ when he was brought before him, and feared the superior power of PauL This was all due to the power of goodness, which he was told was getting rare. They must take this power into the market-place and into the offioe. It they could not as Christians produce honest men and women they should shut up their Churches, let them as lunatic asylums, and send out the ministers to earn honest livings. If they could not to-day pay 20s. in the ponnd they should endeavour te do so to morrow. If they did not do thiB what did God want of their Christianity? It was a sham. What of their theologies and their faiths if they could^ot be honest men ? There was a time when men could not be Chris tians and live. They were Christians and they died. Now they had to choose be tween Christianity and business. The Greek was a dreamer, a philosopher. To-day they had the revival of the Greek .spirit: it was an age of enquiry and doubt. And how.were they to meetitT He did not believe muoh in the power of Christian ovidenoes to save souls. There was but oneWsrk of which he knew that was efficacious, .4?d he had occasionally met with it bound in cloth in secondhand bookshops. It wa3 "five to six feet of humanity living a Christ-like life." That was the only evidence of Christianity that people took notice of. Give, Christianity goodness, and her victory was sure. - IiOt them now see the influence of those ISO, men and women on the barbarian. Csesar found in the City of Borne nearly three-fourths' of the people dependent on public support. They aid cot wait to study political economy'; they did not wait for a patent, "remedy; but as Christ was their Muter they lived a brotherly life. Nobody was looked, upon as scum, or with contempt; .Every woman was sacred, and everyman .was dear. - He did nob care about their Christianity if it was' not bro therly. It was then nothing less than anti Christ. If they were to be Christiana they must consider their brethren about them. Ha did not believe in the "smug" Christian, wh» sought to make his fortune and then tried to find a way to Heaven. Christ did not know such a man, and such a man did not know Christ. He would point out what the power of good had done. In the last oentury cookfight ing and bullbaiting were oommon, and drunken ness was considered a gentlemanly attribute. Wesley and Whitefield went out into the country and effected a change, but it Was nob due altogether to their preaohing. Here and there a man or woman, converted by their teaching, went to their village living Christian lives, and by force of a good life brought about a better state of society, malting their- neigh bours reflective and meditative. Among the chief sins of the present day were the intense love of gambling, the curse , of drunkenness, and an eager haste to be rich. If they were to overcome these sins they must do n» by living good lives. They must pledge them selves to Christ, and pray for power from on high. The discourse was most attentively listened to. 