Wl)t ' ê*$msç ;fltornih£ Straft. SATUIIDAY, MAX 9, 1891. His Excelîenoy tho Govornor and Lord Charit» Scott, as patton and vice-patron, were presont at the mooting of the United Service. Institution, last night» Bin Joirs 1ÍOBEBTSO¡Í, K.O.M.G., for many years n prominent figure in publio and political life in this colony, diod yesterday morning at hm residence, at tho ago of 75. A P.AILWAY collision occurred at Culcairn on Thursday, night botwoen tho oxpross train from Albury to Sydney and a mixed train. Great damage waa dono to tho rolling stock, but no livoa were lost. Tim Papal Enoyclioal upon the labour quosttou bas been pubiishod. Tns drivers of the teams for carrying non-union wool in'Qetconsland hare boon eworniii as special constable SBEVSBTX MUBOZKIEWIOZ, tbo selector, who was spearod' by tbo blnolis at Dora Dora, died in tbo Albury Hospital last night. THE Colonial Secretary} in reply to the unem- ployed deputatioo, has refused to entertain tho proposal to carry on public works by a system of crodit notes. TUB inqueBt was oponed yosterday, into the cir- cumstances, in whioh .loíoph Clarke, one of tho victims of the Darling Harbour explosion, mot his death. t > A DErOTATioü from tho friondly societies of Par- ramatta yesterday asliod tbo Colonial Secretary for a grant of land as asile for a.friendly Bounties' halt. ? IT is bolioVod that, if the majority of the carriers in Queensland insist upon continuing the strike, tho minouty will lorn a now union and resume work, À JIEEIINO of the ladies' committoo of the Boys' Brigado wai held yostordny afternoon at the Town Hall, the Mjiyoross in tbo chair. AxoinEn member of the unfortunate Adams family has boon carried off by diphtheria at Wagga. This is tho Bovontb. death in the ouo family. lire. WILLIS, M.L.A., addressed his constituents on Thursday, and reçoive! a vote of confidence, AN' ontertaiomoDt in aid of tho Hiddle Head torpedo disaster fund was givon at Mossman's Buy on Tuesday evening, and was attended with gratifying results. Tni! secretary of the Trades and Labour Council of New South Wales has supplied us with un account of the business iranoaotod at tho Ballarat Congroas, »hieb, is published in another ooiumu. TIIF. census returns Bhow tho population of Tumut to be 0808. A HEW Sobool of Arts is to be erected at 'Grafton. 'fur. blacks who speared the selector at Dora Dora have not yot been captured. It is thought that flin' are ccnoealod in tbo country about the scono of tho tuurdor. A DISTBICT committee of tho How South Wales Pastoralists' Union has boon established at Bathurst Sin. T. H, Yonit, in answer to a requisition, has consented to become a candidato for tho Wellington constituency, Tns City Railway Commission held a meeting yosterday ia tho Town Hall, the Hon, W. H. Pigott, 1Í.L.C, in the chair. Tan Hon. J. H, Carruthers"gave a lecture in tbo Mnrnokvillo School of Art» and Moobanics' Institut on Monday, upon tho " Social Problem," IT bos been arrangod that the Governor and the Countoso of Jersey should visit the Boys' Brigade on the evening of iho 27th iiiBlnnt THE forly-lifth meeting of tho Boynl Com- mission on Strikes was held yesterday, Dr. Garran in the chair. IT is now stated that thorn havo been no deaths from diphtheria at Port Macquarie. IT is announced that another revolution has broken out' in Cosla Rica. A rmzn competition with brooch-loading gun*, undor the auspices of the Ar.illory Association« will toko placa to-day at Hiddle Head. Two deaths have ooourrod in Perth from typhoid, which has arisen through defeotivo drain- age. THE hat picture painted by the late Mr. Frede- rick Wiilkor, has been purchased for Victoria. SEVEEAL of tho metropolitan cadet corps wore paraded at Longusviilo yosterday, and were put through battalion dull, IT is announced that tho funeral of the late Sir John Robertson will take place on Sunday, after- noon. THE Governor of South Anetralia has arrivod at Burt Creak, and was oxpeotod to roaoh Alice Springs yosterday aftornoon. AT present it is arranged that a steam launoh will moot Madnnio Sara Bernhardt at tho Heads, and tbo Mayor and Mayoress will hold a reception in the Town Hall. Trie ship J. H Sca'nmcl, bound from Now York to Molbourno, ha*, been wreokod near Goo- long in Victoria; but all lives were saved. TUE ship Craipoburno, bound for Wellington, N.Z, in ballast, is in dauger of botng washed ashoro on Iho Victorian ooast, IK reccivin? a deputation from Parramatta yos- tordny, re a building cito for a ball, tho Colonial Secrolary administered a t-harp rebuke on tho abuse of tho system of duputationising Ministers. 'J'nE Promior of Now Zealand, in reply to a depu- tation from the Singlo Tax Lcaguo, said that ho bo lieved in the laud values being tho proper object of taxation. Tun intercolonial lawn tonnis matoh betwoen New South Wales and Victoria commonoes to-day on tho Association Ground. Tni-iiK are 128 loams idle at Barcaldine, but the carriers are anxious to losurno work. CUIEF JUSTICE WAY, of South Australia, is suf- fering from inlluonza m England. The residents of Lilydale held a meeting last night to urge upon the Government the necessity of at once reclaiming Roselle Bay. . THE Australian cruiser Wallaroo has undergone a successful tiia!. A MAU namoi Goorgo Thorpe has bBon oharged in Brisbuuo oa ii charge of embozzment in Loudon. A TEHSON who signs liimeolf " Harry," has tbrcatonoJ to kill tho Promior on the 17th instant A warrant has been issued for the writer's arrest, THE Baptists aro endoavourinz to arrango for a visit to Australia of tho Rev. Dr. Clifford. ArirEitonUio organisation and equipment of harbour defences waa road last night by Lieuto nant-Colonol lloddam, before tho United Servico Institution, TUF, IT. II. stoamor Océanien arrîvoi from Marseilles yostorday. Tun Govornor has beooaio patron of tho Bong Bong branch of tho Ministering Children's League, IT is ronortod that threo «lotions on tho Dillalth run wero burnt down on Tnursday night, by 40 unioniit". THE Chilian robol stramor whioh was oaptursd by the United States Government bas escaped with au American marshal on board. THERE hns been au increase of about 100 pet coût íñ Ilia number oí words transmitted by cabla from Melbourne. THE Hon. J. W. Haokett, M.L.O., of Weatern Australia, is confident that his Colony will join the national Commonwealth befara the work begins. JAMES JOHNSTON, who -eurderod hia family at Bailara!, »lil be hanged in Molbourno on Monday. A petition containing a thousand signature« had been sent to the Governor for his repriovo, but without avail. THE Rosehill Racing dub May Meeting takea place to-day*. Tns " Elijah " will be repeated to-night in tho Centennial li ali by the Philharmonie Sooioty. Madame) Patoy will be among the artiatos. " THE Silver Shield " will bo roproáuood at the Criterion Theatre to-night " TOE Bells of Haslemere " will diaplaoa .' London Day by Day " at the Theatre Royal to-night. " MASKS and Faces," a comedy, will be produced at the Garrick Theatre to- night. BAS Bilver is now quoted at Sa 8}d per oz,, or an inoreaso of Jd por oz. THE ruining market was easier yesterday than on the previous day, bat a brisk business was transacted, THEBB was very little business in the Stock and Shara markot yesterday. THE OuBtoms revenue received yesterday amounted to £6 889. A familiar figuro has passed away in the death of Sir JOHN HOBERTSON at Watson's Boy yesterday morning. The deceased gentleman had attended a friendly gathering the evening before, and apparently retired to rest in his usual health ; on Friday morning it was discovered that the end had come during the night. This is a sudden close to a long, activo, and distinguished careor in the public life of this country ; and although Sir JOHN waB removed for some years past from the neuve current of political action, the nowa of his death was not made publie yesterday without evoking a widespread sentiment of popular surprise and regret. It was the removal of an old landmark ; for Sir JOHN, who may he said~ to have been almost a native of the colony, spent hy far the greater purt of his life within ita ' horders. In his sympathies and his mental associations he was emi- nently a typical colonist of New South Wales, and to this fact ia attributable at once his strength and his weuknpBS- his strength, because of the earnestness and concentration it communi- cated to all his views on publie questions ; ami its wonlcness by reason of their consequent narrowness of scope. Within this limit Sir JOHN was a man of intense popular sympathies, and he reuped in return at least as large a measure of popular favour as any other pablio man, subject to those fluctuations and vicissi ludeB of politisai fortune to which the moBt successful politician must always be more or IOBS liable. Only last Monday ho made his lust appearance in public at a gathering of the citizens of this city ; and the event of yewterduy came as the somewhat dramatic close of a remarkable record ex- tending over a period of more than thirty yen ra in the publio life of New South Wales. The story of that record is really, in a sense, the history of responsible govern- ment in this colony. His address to tho electors in April, 1856, is said to have been tho first published under the then new Constitution ; und from that day until he retired from Par- liament under medioal advice in 1887 the name and personality of Sir JOHN ROBERTSON wore a force to be reckoned with in the Parliament of the country. He was five times Premier, and was six times associated with the Administra- tion of the day in other capaci- ties ; in 1877 ho was honoured with the title of knighthood by HKH MAJESTY'S Government, after having, as it was currently understood, on several previous oooasions deolinod that distinction. For the few years preceding his retirement from publio life Sir JOHN had exobanged his place in the popular Chamber for a seat in the Legislativo Council, and tho publio mind was thus gradually familiarised with his retirement from his once prominent position in the active political arena. Of late years, though his presence has been withdrawn, his influence has been so much folt that it is difficult now to conoeive of the political realm in the absence of Sir JOHN KoBiiMsoN, or to roaliBe that his powerful and permeating though not always visible personal influence has really boen Anally withdrawn. Not so much from the publio platform as in the columns of the Press his voice has been intermittently hoard ; and there were few public questions of any note on which wo wore not accustomed to look for an expres- sion of the veteran's opinion through, the medium which ho sometimes humorously affected ts despise. Thero was a quality of virility and of vitality in his character whioh, while it was responsible for his public successes under disadvan- tages that would have hopelessly ex- cluded men of less nervous energy irom publio life altogether, insisted on his personality being felt to the last ; and to this was added a Ano Saxon faculty of speaking and writing to the point, without periphiasis and in good set nhraseology, and withal in a mood of consistent outspokenness whioh was always ono of the salient points o£ his strongly- dofiaed personal character. Sir JOHN'S sociality and his sympathy, his old- time chivalry for womanhood, his staunohness in standing by his friends through good and evil report, his faoulty for rupidly forming and BB rapidly expressing a decisive opinion, and his tact in dealing with men while in and out of office, will be rememberod, now that he has gone, as prominent traits in the character of one of the most remarkable types that our political condition* have yet cast. Critics of Sir JOHN ROBEBTSON-und, of course, it is generally known that this journal did not always see public questions in the light in which they com« .mended themselves to his view-have not unnaturally remarked in him a certain abuonce of matured thought resulting from the restricted sphere iu whioh hi» life was passed and the want of a literary or constitutional side to his tastes and inclinations, whioh mado agree- ment with him often difficult and sometimes frankly impossible. His sphere was eminently that of practical politios, and the administration of its interests from day to day, leading him to oultivate the fuoulty of tuot rather than that of deuign, and induoing a certain instinotive impatience of opposition. With this there was a tendency to miss the weak side of his own argument and to catch at that of the opposed position,-a course which is mure likely to roBulo, as a rule, in successful party tactics than in good government. Yet his opponents were always ready to acknowledge in him a chivalrous antagonist, whose errors were the faults rather of his habit of mind than of any inherent tendency to deviate froto tho strict path of enlightened publio polioy. Sir JOHN ROBBBTBON, it is hardly necessary to say, took up a strong position daring the past few TWifh» oa the subject of Federation, and by his action no doubt largely helped to develop a m¿re general popular interest in those change, which the proposals now before the colonias aim at bringing about. But hare again, the habit of mind whioh constituted hiH strength and his -weakness prevented him from seeing the overwhelming arg3. ments in favour of Federation, or even. apparently of recognising the manifest destiny of Australia in this connection, The absolute neoessity of Federation, on all or any of its grounds, doos ¡>tf appear to have occurred to him ; and'he honesüy believed that the issue waa one o£ home rule or intercolonial rule for Nsw South Wales, without pausing to rofl'ct that even as matters Btand we cannot Bettie a question of a cable rate or a postal regulation without consulting the representatives of the other coloniis, The great work of hiB life, it is still lea noooBsnry to add, was hiB Land Bill po Tiding for free selection before aurvev ia 1861 ; and although thatmeusure has" new boen, superseded, tho name of its author will always bo identified with land settli. ment in the history of this colony. The representatives of the Licenstd Victuallers' Association who waited up«a the Minister for Justice on Thursday ocoi pied a Bomewhat peculiar position. Their immediate object was to urge tbo Govert ment to take measures to enforce obedien» to the law against Sunday sailing. Thor ultimate object was to procuro a relaxi. tion or amendment of the law thorob/, The situation as described by thom is alio j remarkable, and, it must bo addoi, j unsatisfactory, and the general accuracy I of their description is admitted by tho Ii. spector-Genoral of Police. The law i systematically broken, and the violation o' it ia treuted by the public as an insignifi- cant offence. The publicaus tay that they cannot afford Xo observe it, and that they are obliged to run the risk of breaking it in self-defence. If any of them rigidly close their houses on Sunday their week-day cus- tomers dosert them, and go on wcok-days as well as on Sundays to the houses o£ other men who disretrard the law. A number of them have been rigidly oloBing their houses on Sundays with tho view of making the publio feel what the law menus. But all will not do so, und irada drifts away from thnso who keep tho lav to those who break it, to the loss of tlu former and the gain of the lattoi Those who keep fie law, then, fore, appeal to the Government for support Without taking account of tha ultimuti object, the justice of the inimedints olaim cannot be denied. No law that ia partial in its operation oan permanently command respect, and nothing oan he more preju- dicial to the due influence of a law than to find that it is a causa of Joss to tiiose ivho obey it, and of gain'to those who disobey. It ia quite true, as remarked by Mr. Gomm, that a man who "voluntarily obtains a license, is bound to abide by its condi- tions. The transaction ia between him and the State ; and he ia not released from tia obligations to which ho has freely sub mitted himsolf by the fact that others under corresponding conditions disregard theirs. But in cases like thia the weakness of human nature cannot ba safely over- looked. It is not given to every man lo bo content when ha sees his own trade slip- ping away and his neighbour's flourishing because he obeys the law and his neigh- bour evades it with impunity. Many in such circumstances will say, " Why should not I also ohanco it?" Of-course tin's way of looking at the matter is not to be re- garded with sympathy or encouragement; but it is n natural way, nevertheless, and it is for the authoiities to recognise the cer- tainty that it will have influeuce. And, whilst no licensee has a light to claim exemption from the ' operation of the law on the ground that others escape it, every licenpee obeying the law has a right to demand that the Government shall enforce it upon others, especially where the question of enforcement 01 nou-enforce ment is a question of loss or gain. But this is not a matter between licenser and licensee only, or between licemees and the Government. The interest of, tho whole , community is concerned in tie faithful observance of tho public laws'; and His wholesale evasion of any public law is nothing less thau a publio scandal. The difficulty of the situation las in the admitted fact that the law as it stands cannot be enforced in all cafes. Mr, FosrjEHY BayB that an ovor- ohanging array of informera would be îequiredfor that purpose. As the deputation \ pointed out, the breach of the law ia a matter lying between the publican and his customers. The system h cirried on by means of a oommon undemanding. The illegul sains only take placo whet the persons supplied are known, and can be trusted, and offenders can only bo dotestei by employing mon to take part in breaking'.ho law for the purpose of procuring evideira. But men so employed can only bo omplojsd onoa in a particular house, beenup tliiy are sure to bo recognised. In other word, the law, as it stands, cannot bo ev forced everywhere without i-etting Uj a costly and intolerable system of espion age. If these representations aro correot, the question is, what changes aro necessary either in the law or in its administration. If the roBtriotive provisions ot the law can- not be enforced with something upproach mg to uniformity, a strong ouse is mode out for their relaxation ; but at present the prevailing current of public opi- nion so far as it has been tested ia the Legislatura is ijOt in favour of their relaxation, and it is not yat olear that we are shut up to the conclusion that their ontorcoment with something approaohing to uniformity ia impracticable. Mr. Fos BEHY saya that in Loudon a proper obäorv anca of tho law is secured without diffi- culty, because tho licenses aro of great commercial value and the licensees are al raid of being deprived of them. Ha seems to be of opinion that deprivation of licenses when renewals aro applied for is the only penalty that would compel its observance. But when he speaks of punishing in this way those trio systematically break the law ho does not get rid of the difficulty admitted by him- self of finding Builicienc evidence that it has been broken. Wo presume that hu meaning is that if a lew cuses could D9 satisfactorily established and dealt wit» in thiB stringent mininer, a salutary in- fluence would bo exercised upon offenders generally. The public interest must suffer in tho long run by continuing the thi'oratical mnintenunce of the present restrictions, and at the same time ullowing them to ne . systematically evaded. It is tho clear duty of the Government to seriously con- sider by what measures either of adminis- tration or of legislation they can be enforced with something lika uniformity. If the problem is found insoluble, or if a well-oonsidorad solution should be tried and fail, the time will have come fot asking wbothor the contest should be con- tinued, or whether the restrictions them- selves should not rather be relaxed. A telegram tells us that the Agents-' General for the Australian oolonies hove boen instructed to apply for two rote»«-, ' . -J the coming meeting of the International "Postal Union at Vienna. It is added that it is considered unlikely that this demand will be acceded to. As it is certain that it will not ' be acceded to, one naturally asks, Why ÍB such a request preferred ? And what particular advantage would arise even if it ware acceded to P It is an improvement on the formor ridiculous demand for a separata representative for eaoh of the colonies, and yet it is less defensible than that on grounds of reason ; for at that time there was some practical object to ho served by a numerous représentation of the colonies, hut apparently there can be no practical object now. At that time the question of a forcible re- duction of ocean mail tariff was looming in the near future} and at the instance of the Gorman Postmaater General, Dr. STEPHAN, a combination seemed in the course of formation for tho pnrposo of effecting this. As such reduc- tion, it was thought, would strike particularly against England as the great ocean mail carrier, it was re- quested by the British Post Office that the oolonies should insist on having a representative of eaoh as a condition prece- dent to joining the union, so that, rallying to the side of England, they might defeat the German proposal. Buttheoolo nios have since then, in concert with England, themselves reduoed the postal rate for ocean mails, so that the particular reason for tho extravagant de- mand has passed. Nothing now but ordinary questions affecting the common interests of all the members of the union are likely to arise in oongress, and it is diCfloult to imagino on what grounds tho colonios can muintain a de- mand for exceptional reprosontation such as that intended to bo asked. If States of many times the population of the Aus- tralian colonies are obliged to be content with a single representative at the Postal Congress, why should Australia have two ? And as the demand is certain to be refused, what purpose cun be served by making it unleBB to show that self-as«o(tiveneBs for which the colonies are somewhat famous ? It seems undignitiod for Australia to pre- sentan unreasonable and indufonsiblo claim which is sure to bo dismissed, whilo such a oourse may delay if not imperil the early participation of the colonies in the busi- ness of the oongress. These meetings occur but ' one-o in five yours, und if tho repre-entutive of Australia misset participation in the congress which, meets at Vienna on the 20th of this month, the honour or bonefit attaching to a seat in the Universal Postal Congress must bo deferred for a lustrum. Such an attempt savours too tünch of the littleness of the infantilo Hie of the colonies. But we are proudly aspiring to bo a " nation " now, and Bhould have passed that stage. The decision of the Supreme Court in O'llniENS case will serve as a useful and not unnecessary guide to the Landa De- partment in the administration of the lund law ; hut it goes to Bhow that a jndioial Court, na well as a Minister, may be capable of an oversight. A conditional lease had been gazetted as forfeited for non-payment of rent. After the lapse of thirty days the Minister approved of a minute setting forth that the forfeiture might be provisionally reversed, pending further inquiry. Some time afterwards an application was made for a conditional purchuso and conditional lease of tho sume land ; but the land board disallowed it, on the ground that the conditional lease first referred to made it unavailable. The applicant appealed to the Land Court, and the appeal wus sus- tained, the Court holding that a reversal of forfeituro should be declared in uti provisional and unconditional terms, and that the minute did not amount to a reversal within the mean- ing of the Act. The original holder appealed from this decision to the Supremo Court, It was there hold that tho for- feiture took effect at the end of thirty days after the notice, and that neither the Ministor nor the Governor could then re- verse or waive it, Thus it was immaterial in this case whether the supposed reversal ivas in provisional or absolute terms. The Supreme Court, therefore, dismissed the appeal, and upheld the deoision of the Land Court, though on different grounds. But for this judgment it might possibly have been inferred from the Lund Court deoii-ion that the reversal would have been valid if it had been declared in absolute terina Both the Chief JuRtioe and Mr. Justice WINDEYER expressed the opinion that a reversal, to be effective, must bo in absolute terms, and therelore agreed so far with the Land Court ; hut that was not made the basis of the judg- ment. The point of impórtanos is that the Minister must make up his mind and act within the thirty days, and that after that the power of reversal ceases, tho land is opon to conditional purchase, and the pastoral lessee within whose leasehold it ia is liable to pay rent for it, One would like to know whether this is the only casa that has been treated in this " provisional '' but unauthorised fashion. Sir HENEY PAJLEES yesterday delivered a deserved reproof to the system that has grown up of doputationising Ministers on all sorts of conceivable things. This method of putting pressure on the Treasury is not of colonial origin, but it has thriven BO among us that it has become one of the worst excrescences on colonial political life. The Colonial Sooretnry viewed it in one aspect mninly-the ephemeral nature of the influence exer- cised, and the absence of permanent record whioh might subsequently satisfy Ministers, Parliament, or people as to the grounds on which the claim, was justified. But besides this there are many objectionable features in con- nection with the practice of waiting on the Government by deputation, which force the question whether it should not ha mended, or ended. There are certainly occasions on whioh great benefit arisco from a personal presentation and discussion of a subject. It may he intricate, or oonfusing, and illumination may be given to It by the contact of minds. But as a rule the value of deputations is only in the personal influence that may ,be brought to boar on a Minister by thoso who aro specially interested in obtaining Bomo concession ; and in such caso tho pro- sure is hardly legitimate. In- deed it may be questioned whether a Minister, as trasteo and custodian of the general interest, is justified in BO frequently allowing himself to bo Btibjooted to undue influences of this kind, and whether in tho interests of justico and of the absent publio ho should be subjected to the personal magnetism of importunate suitors, instead of oalmly considering the pros and cons in private, and determining by the weight of docu- mentary evidence. A Minister, under such personal pressure, may bo trapped into ad- missions by whioh ho ib hound beforo ho has had opportunity of considering every side of the question; and while the mothod of doputationising IB distinctly in-favour'of the objects sought, it must be! in equal measure to the disadvantage of the general ? interest. But besides this,' what a waBte of time to members of a1 Government who, with affairs of the1 greatest moment waiting on their attention, hava their time taken up with some paltry thing, of little value in itself, perhaps, and whioh could ba better minded, it may be, by one of their subordinate clerks. In fact, tho whole system holds out a pre- mium to the forward and persistent beggar who means to not talc». " no " for an answer; and it plaoea at disadvantage the man or the institution or causa that is only guided by good feeling and gooil taste and a sense of reason and justice. Tho extent to whioh this abuse baa grown gives the best hope that it will bo correoted ; for it is becom- ing oxneting to an intolerable estent, and promises, if permitted to grow, to absorb all the timo of Ministers, and to control the'funotions of government. As Parliament meets on (ho 19th instant, tho Publie Works Committee will bo occupied noxt week in considering its reports upon the proposed hospital buildings,* Mocq'iario-strcot, and the pro- posed railway from Cobar lo Cockburn. Tuo general report of tho committee, for presentation on the opening of the Bession, liai also to be dealt witb. The business of Tuesday will in all probability eon-iiat of the consideration of the report oo the hospital buildings and taking of fu'ther evidonco on the proposed cabio tramway from King-ntreot, via William-street, to Ocean-street, with a view to con- clude the inquiry. The commltteo will afterwords arrive at a decision and prepare its report tu Par- liament with all expedition. Tliio disposed of, there still remains to be dea t with, the proposal to con- struct a railway from G.en Innes to Inverell. During tho past weak a t-octional committee has been travelling through the Glen Innes, Inveroll, and Uralla districts, recuring information. The member« aro expected to return to Sydney on Tuos dav, and ho doubt they will prosont their report to tho general committee shortly aft- rwatda. Sin Jons RoBEnTsos, K.O.M.G., who for many years has been a prominont ligara in tho publio and political lifo of this colony, died oarly yesterday morning, at the ripe ago of 75. ilia doceaso was altoiro'hor un- expected, and it carno at a groat shock to those who aro olosely onnnoctol with him. An obituary notice will bo found ia anothor portion of this ¡«sue. Up to tho timo he retiro! to rest on Thursday night Sir John was in his usual good health. In tho afternoon of that day bo attended ii private picnic at Vauoluso in the best ol' spirits, and in tbo evening ho walked down to the jetty at Watson's Bay and pavo a letter to the cap ain of one of the ferry stoam-rs to be taken to Sidney. Ho then went to his rosidonoi, Clovelly, nnd an hour or two lator retired to rest He gavo no signs during th night of his approaching end, and it was only in the morning, whoa an nttondaut visited his room to aroiiso him, that Sir John was discovered to bo do'id. The inmates of the honeo wero at onco informed of the sad calamity, and tbo hoalth officer nt Watson's Bay Was called in, and bo pronounced lifo to be oxtinot As tho news of Sir John It ibortson's death booma koowa it was rocoived overywhoro with sincere oxpros-tions of regret. Whon the information was oonveved to tho Frontier he at onoo convenol a special mooting of tho Cabinet, The Ministers met at 1 o'clock, and tho? decided to give tbo funeral a 'publio oharaotor. Particulars of tbo arrangements proposod will bo found else- where. Out of rcspoot to the decoasod flans wero at half-nust on most of the public buildings during the day, and at the Depart- ment of Education, ovor which Sir John Robertson presided as the first Minister, tho blinds woro drawn and the doors closed. AnnASOEMEXTs are being made by the Railway Commissioners to run a series of ooap oxcursion trains, for ihe convenience of country passengers, just boforo the Queen's Birthday. Tho trains will leave Sydney on Thursday, 21st instant, and will return from tho country an 1 roach the oity on the morning ot Saturday, tho 23rd instant Speoially low ratos will bo charged, and no doubt the oppor- tunities oflbrod will bo largely availed of. On the Queen's Birthday holiday the usual local provisions for oxoursii ns will bo made. IN view of the decision of tbo Railway Co n missioners to fit all the goods trains with auiomatio air brahts, a board has boon appointed to couduct a series of trials of the rival systems. The gentle mon ohoson to coustituto this board aro-Mr. Oruiek-ihank (marina ongineor), Mr. Thow (locomotive engineer), Mr. Noale (moonan! oal engineer), and Mr. Rothernm (loco- motive engineer, of Now Zealand). Both tho U eatingbouse and tho Vacuum Brake companies have already fitted up anumbor of rail-ay waggons with the uocssary appaiatus, and the experiment will be made at no distant date, probably the end of next week, Mr. Rotheram, tho looomottve engineer for Now Zealand, arrived in Sydney yoälerday morning, and no time will now bo lost by the board in arranging the terms and conditions of the trials. TUB Railway Commission are still conducting their usual inspection of the Southorn line. They will return lo Sydney during tho course of next week. A MEETING of résidants of the Lilydale district of tho municipality of Leichhardt veas held an Thursday evoning in ihe Lilydale Hall, to take B eps to urge upon the Government the necessity of at once reclaiming Resello Bay Alderman Liston occupied the chair Messrs. J b. Hawthorne, M.L A , and Alderman Wragge woro also pieaunt These two gentlemen delivered apoeohoa in advooaoy of the objoct. Mr lia» thorne Btatod that ho bad during the paat two yoara been urging upon the Minister ior Works the need for roela nun¿ the bay, and had in the c urao of the last suBBion of Parliament suggested hy a sones of quostiona the advt«abloneas of cutting down Globo Island and depositing tho excesivo male-rial, by a Blight line of tramway, in the bay lio stated ho believed ho was safe in asserting that the Minister for Works was in thorough sympathy with tho object of the meeting, and was doing his beat departmoutally to make improve- ments of the kind. A résolution to the effect that every effort should bo used in conjunction with the residents of Balmain West, to induce the Govern- ment to carry out the work at once, waa carried. WHAT ia known as the "bettormont ' prinotp'e ia ombodied in the 24th claude of the Publio WorkB Act It is made to apply to rciainiidons of land for publlo purposes and BO far ita operationa have been found to b most advantageous A portion of the aection roads sa follows * Proyi led always that the Bald magistrate«, arbitrates, surveyors, valuator?, and jury in ascertaining such purohaso monov or compensation Bhall tako into consideration and give oflect to by way of sot-off or abatement any enhancement in the valuo of any land belonging to Buoh owner, and adjoining tho land taken or eovorod therafrom by the construction of tho authonsod work," As showing the way in whioh this provision is applied, tho Munster for Works baa juat rooeived from toe vainer a number of valuations in connectiou with one of the new railways, and it appears that whilo 32 olaims amounting in the aj-grognto to £30 000 woro sent in tho amount nwardod is £5000, The number of peraons to whom nothing has been awarded m pur- suance of the principio laid down in the eoction quoted is 28, that is to say the value of the remain- ing land was considered to hare been so enhanced by the publio work that no compensation was re- quired. A DEPUTATION representing various friendly societies whioh carry on their operations in Parra- matta, wai'od upon tho Prouder yesterday to ask the Government to grant a aita for a friend I v eocietlea' hall Beforo the deputation had fully explained the grounds upon whioh it based the application, Sir Henry Parkes aiado some observations regarding the waato of time which deputations caused, not only to the mombera of the deputation, but also as respectai the Minis, ter waited upon. The Premior also pointed out that in all casca where applications involved the expenditure of public monoy tho grounds reliod upon should bo embodiod in writing, ao that ho would have something definite to put before his colleagues, and thoro would bo in existence a dooumoat which would be accessible to future Mioiatera to show upon wbat facts the action of the Cabinet in a particular case depended. It would be deairablo for the deputation to adopt the course he had pointed out. THE following Mtor bas been forwarded by the Principal Under-aooroUry (Mr. Critohett Walkor), to Messrs. Clayton, Cato, and Hely, three mo m bet« of a dopnta'.ion whioh recently interviewed the Premier cn behalf of the unemployed, and urged that the publio works of the colony should be carried on by a system of credit notes : "I a» directed to inform you that the Colorí«! Secretar/ hu roprosentod to Miniate» in Cabinet 'Council ttto views «xnlained and the statements made by the deputation whioh waited upon him on the Stn instant in support of a proposal to carry on publlo works by a system of credit notes. I am to state that it is impossible for the Government to entertain any auoh proposal consistently with the proper disoharg« of thotr dnty in maintaining publio credit and protecting tho publlo revenue. Publio works sanctioned by Purliament will be pushed on as Bpoedilj as prac- ticable, which will in a short timo open new avenues for employment I am to say furthor that an investigation has been made which show* the number of persons unemployed to be greatly below the oàtimate given by the deputation." THE folloiving letter haa been roceiv d by Mr. J. S. Hawthorno, M.L.Í., from tho Publio Works Department, with reference to the extension of the tramway from Forest Lodge to Balmain :-" With reference '0 the inquiries made by you Mpecting the commencement of the construction of the pro- posed tramway fro.n Forest Lodge to Balmain, I am direo'od by tho Sotrretary for Publio Works to point out that the work cannot be Blurt«! until the expiration of the 40 days' notice to tho private owners of land, as required by the Pnblio Works Act, and which does not oxpire until the 14 h iuBtant. I am further to say that tho contractor haa oigned his bond and duly deposited the neoee sarr cash security, and it is understood that he is ready to proceed with tho w»rk as eoon as this can legally be done." MB, 0, S. WitKTKsoN and Mr. Stonier, geological survej ora to the Department of Minos, telegraphed to the Minister a s »ort report from Inverell yester- day upon thoir inspection of the recently discovered silver lodes near Aahford, Oakey Creek, and Wal- langra. They state that the dtecoyerie« consist of short quartz lodes, containing silver-bearing arsenioal pyrites, tho largest lode, the '' Royal Standard," being about 5ft. wide. Private aesays report yields from 5oz. to llOOoz. silver per ton. Mr. Wilkinson further states that ho has «elected average samples for assay, and that when ho has obtained results ho will report more fully. The deposits, as yot proved, are not la'go. but are scattered ovor a considerable traot of country, and i mav ovontually givo profitable employment to many small parties of minora. At pro-ent there is nothing to warrant a rush to the Seid, ¿eroral gold-bearing i antimony reefs aro being prospected near Ash-1 ford, and, though email, thoy aro of a promising nature. THE Labour Commission met yoUorday afternoon in its usual rjuirtors, the president (Dr. Garran) in tho ohair. Three witnesses prosonted themvolves for examination, but tho ivhulo of the evidence taken during tho two and a half hours' sitting, did not materially add to the mass already accumulate I. A stonemason, named John Grant, whi alleged last ho roprussntod tue opinions of the union, wis strongly of opinion that land nationalisation wa« tho only euro for labour troubles ; in the calmest manner imaginable ho stated that courts of conciliation would not be of lil.» slightost possible good, ndling, as a sort of afterthought-" unless it was to sotdo dispute« between landlords and lonants upon tho question of rent*." In comparison with this subject-rents ali others, to his mind, were mero side issues and not worth consideiation. Ilia extremo views upjn thie o e pot subject were provocativo of much mirth, but responsible for a consid-rablo waste of valuablo time. Mr. Cha«. Jone3, secretary ot the Typographical As ooiation, was tha next witness. His nutieo to attend had not given him enough timo, so' ho t-tated, to plao? any deQuito opinions beforo the Commission as to tho wisdom or otherwise of establishing boards of conciliation ; ho thought, hoevover, that they t.hould be given a trial. The last witness-Mr. Patrick O'Connor-a Btovedore, evidently attended tinder protest, and it was easy to seo that ho had made up his mind to give as little information as possible. THE Premier, Sir Honry Parkes, haa Toceived a threatening letter from a person in a distant country town, signed " Harry." The epietle is dated April 21, and states that the writer has formed " the conclusion of Sir Henry's dostiny," and odda that tho Premier will be killed on the 17th instant, A warrant has beeu issued for the arr03t of the writer. ANOTHER important land en«e, which is likoly to involve a consi lerablo amount of argument if the matter ba not promiturely curtailed by a technical objootion, was submittod lo too Court yesterday. It appears that on the 26th April, 1890, a notice, returnable on the d'.h Juno, at Casino, was i-Btiod by tho local Land Board to James Walsh, notifying that an inquiry would bo instituted into tho b'ona fidos of his conditional pu i chase, made in 18dt under the Crown Landa Acts of 1801 and 1B"5. This notice was not corred until the 20th Mav, and in tho meantime Walsh had transferred bia soloction to a man named N. P. Thorapaon fer an allego 1 consideration of £500. On tho 4th June the Lund Board found that the solection was not a bona-lido conditional purchase, and tbey also altogether doubtod the bona-lldos of the transfer to Thompson. Under these circumstances the conditional purchaso was declared forfeited. On appeal to tho Land Court that tribunal unanimously decided that the Casino Land Board woro right in their finding that tho conditional purchase had boen taken up in vio- lation of section 9 of tho Act of 1875, but thoy wore not satisfied that whon tho land was trans- ferred by Walsh to Thomp'on, the latter had any notice of such violation. They thorofore ruled that Thompson waa entitled to retain tho conditional purchase. The question now is whether the Land Court wore right. The argumonts wero not con- cluded at 4 o'clock, and the ouse was then adjourned for a week. TüSTEnnAT an application was mado to Ino Kuli Court on behalf of John Connolly, a resident of Greta to make absoluto a rulo nisi to ou«t Thomas Jone« Robert M'E« an and lohn Rylott, nldermon of the Boiough Oounoil of Greta, from their pon tions. The main point taken was that the re turning- offlcor refused to accept tho nomination of Connelly on the ground that ooo of the persons who had signed the nomination paper had not given his signnturo in full I his it was contended, on tbo strongtb of two dooiBions already given by tho Court, was not neoe»sary, and that the nsnal Bipna tnre was suuioifnt The rule was mado abso lute, but as the respondent aldermen had relin- quished their civic funotions as coon a« tboir legal respoasibi lty was communicated to thom in the form of tho rale nisi, no costs wore allowed againBt them. Two Crown cases occupied tho attention of tho I<ull Court during thowholo of tbo forenoon Tester day In the first throe prisoners-Matthews, Rookwell, and Whiteman-who wero conviotod at tho last Criminal Sessions of assault with intont to commit a rape and senteooed to firo years pooal servitudo each, appea ed on the around that tbo in- dictment was bal, ma much as thero were two oountB in it, Tho Court without Dilling upon tho Crown to argue tho matter hold that under tin S7dth section of the Criminal Law Amendment Act the indictment was prop rlv drawn. 'I ho conviction was thorofore affirmed. In tbo eecona matter, JamoB Charlesworth, who was convicted at Wal golt of rocoiying a calf which had boen stolon, appealed on the ground that the Iidgo wis io error in telling tho jury that if they bohovod the evidence, section 156 of tho Criminal Law Amend- ment Act applied, and thoy must convict tho prisoner. In tbi» ca«o also the Clown wn9 not called upon to reply to tho arguments of prisoner's counsol, and tho Court being of opinion that tho seotion roforrod to did apply to the offohco charged, rofusod to disturb the conviction Sin TIf«n\ PARKI"! has rccoivod a lottor from the Governor Lord JOTI-O1., expr esing sympathy with Lidy Paikos in har iUno«s A slipht im provomoat was nohoed in Lady Parkes s condition yesterday. OoLONír, PAUI, tho officer commanding the cadets, will leave on Monday for li tour of inspec- tion in the West whioh will probably ocoupy a »eek. Tho Colonel will proceed diroot to Dubbo, and on the return journey will inspect tho corps at Wellington. Orango, Bliynoy, Bathurst, and Lith- gow. STEM have boon takon by tho Cadet Depart- ment whioh should result lu tho cadet corps reaching a condition of much greater effielonoy than is tho ca«o at prosont Within the noxt few days arrangements will, it is boliovod, have been oomplntod for hnving tho sevoral corps brought togetbor in battalions. For some time past complaints have beon rifo as to tho insufficiency of the arms This is a matter whioh is about to bo romediod. As a tem- porary expodiont, an order has been givon for tho manufacture of SOO dummy rifles, whioh it is expected will bo dolivored at tho office within the noxt week, The dummy woapons havo a stock whioh is mtdo of Tasmanian blaokwood, and aro mounted with a piece of gas-pipe. Tho weapon, nevertheless, strongly rosombles that whioh it is intended to represent, and its form and weight render it ia every way a deniable instrument for usa at physical and other drilL Within the noxt three or four months a consign- ment of Braendlin breoohloadicg carbines, the order for which was sent home about two months ago, is expeoted to arriva. Too oalibrn ¿f these weapons is such that the Westloy-Rioharis rilli ammunitioa can bo usod with thom. The stipulation made in regard to the woight of those weapons is that nono of them shall oxoood 611b. TUE Hon. J. H. Carrnthors gavo a leoture in the Marrickville Sohool of Arts and Mechanics' Insti- tute, on Monday evening, upon the " Social Pro- blem." It wa's listened to with interest, and frequently applauded. Tho principal part of the argument doalt with tho fact that individualism led men on to push self-interest to its utmost limits, rogardless of the rights of others, but that tho hope of ihe future lay in State sooialiem, the Stato restraining tho individual from pushing his claims loo far to the injury of his neighbour. Tho vice-presidont, Mr. J. 0, Ranea, wa« in the chair. THE Rev. Alexander B. Davis read a paper on tho subjeot of " Proverbial Philosophy," to inaugu- rate the ninth sosBion of the Hebrow Literary and Donating Society, at tho Synagogue School, Castlo reagh-street, on Thursday evening. Tue Rov. P. PhilippBlein presided, rho paper treated upon the origin of proverbs, thoir ocourronco in the Sacred writings, and other oarly works. Footings of high regard for proverbial philosophy wero expressed by the reader, who made trcquent referenco to illus- trative English, Spanish, lialian, Cbme«e, Indian, Arabio, and Hebrew proverbs. Tho paper was woll rooeived, and at its conoluoion a discussion ensued in which the Rev. P. Philippstein, Jlcssra. P. Benjamin. M, Gottheit, F. W. Marks. M. A. Cohen, and J. A Goldsmid took part , The thanks of tho meeting were aojorded to the Rev, A. B. Davis. Tms fortnightly meeting of the Articled Oforks Association was hold in tboir Rooms, King-street on Thursday evoning last Mr. J. Howarth, solicitor, prodded, and thora was a good attendance of members. The principal business of tho ovouing was a discussion on the Bills of Exohango Act. The discua«ion was opened by Mr, J, Jamie- son, barrlstwr-at- iaw, who in an interesting address drew attention to th» principal provisions of ttio AcL A general discussion altorwards ensued, in I whioh Messrs. G. W. Asn, L. C. Ford, L. Dobbin, G, Lukin, and the obairman took parr. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. JamioBon, and tho mcoting then adjourned, A MBETiMO of tho ladies' committee of tho Boys' Brigade waa held yesterday aftornoon at toe Town Halt Tho Mavora«, Mrs. W. P. Manning, who took the chair for the first, timo, was accorded a hearty weloome. There wero also presonfc- Uosdamos J.iH. Omuihors, W. Thow (hon. secretary), J. 0. Ellis, (hon. troasuror), J. J. Walsh, II.. U, Cohen, R, II. Royoolds, Plumb, Uobjohns, H. Hu ¡son, A. Allen, A B. Wood, Edward Reading. H. L; Wilson,' Ro-enthal, O'sullivan, F. B. Boyce, A. A TigbA J. Vioker«, and W. Warren. A report was* road fro u tho working committee. This showed that the nightly attendance during tho past month had averaged rathor moro than 70 'lads, also that 16 destitute boys had boon sheltered and fed in the home, «hilo four of thoir number had been placed in situations. Several donations in kind were announced to have been reoei'e I. Co ii mu ni- dations respootivga proposai visit of his Exoollonoy tho Governor and the Counteas of Jortoy to the homo, wore consid-rod. This visit is fixed for tho evoiun;» of tho ¿7th instant Alt*r tranioeting some olhor bnsinoss, tho committeo adjonr..od. Tnn "examination of the City and Guilds of London Institute for the adva- icem'nt of technioil oduottion are held annually in tin« colony und-r the management of the Technical Eilucitiou Uranou of the Dopartmoit of Publio Instruction. It is not neoissnrr to bo a studnnt.of the Technical Collegó to sit for these examinations, as tho > are opon to all persons on payaient of a nominal foo of 2s ttd, which is remtttW to England and paid to tho Imperial examinas for tho oxtra Itbour of classify- ing t .o colonial papers. The examinations for this year were held od Tuesday ovouing last in Sydi ey, Bathurst, Gouburn, Newcastle, and .West 'Maaland. INoatly 50 candidates presented thi'mselvos for examination in the sunjecta of gas manufacturo, carriage building, eleotrio lighting and iranrmission of powor, carpentry and joinery, briok*ork and maBonry, mvohanical engineering, mino surveying, plumbing, boot and shoo manufaoturo, photography, milling' (Hour manufacture, and typography (printing), Prac- tical examinations vere also' hold in plumbers' work and compositors' work on Saturday aftor noons. Tho candidates in the honours (or higher) grado in carpontry anl joinery must produco bona fiiio specimens of tlo'tr work. Tho cxarainalions are in two grades, honours and ordinary-tbo former intonded for managers, foremen, &a;, aed tho latter for apprentices and journeymen. A candidato may enter for oithor grade oxcopt in such subjects as carpontry and joinery, printing, ike, in the honours grade of wnioh he cannot be examine! unless he has previously passed in the ordinär; grade. Tno on trios for this year show an increata nt 13 candidates ovo; those oiaminod lost joar. In tho United Kingdom thousands of candidates aro examiuod annually at Borne 200 centres Although tho examinations aro opon to all, tho Bludmts of tho Technical Collo.-o have luthotto hold their own in them against tho artisans of tho Unitod Kingdom ; especially is this the case in tho subjoct of carpentry and joinery, in which tho students of the Technical Collego havo taken high honours. AT the monthly mooting of the Parramatta Friendly Societies' Jíedioil Instituto on Thursday evening, nu application for affiliation from tho Castlo Hill Lodge of Oddfellows was compliod with. A resolution to the effect that eaoh lodge should nomiunto its own medical officer, was nogativod. Dr. J. Koarney was eleoted to the vacant position on tho medical staff. - THE officer in charge of tho travelling dairy, Mr. Niel Harper, has been getting it into complote working ordor so that it may bo ready to go to tho different places in tho country from which applications have already been leceivcd. As every- thing baa now been prepared and works very smoothly, tho Minuter for Agriculture (the Dion. Sydney Smith) hai signified his inten- tion of inspecting it on Monday morning noxt at the Agricultural Society's grounds, Mooro Park, at IL o'clock; after which it will bo dospatohed to Bathurst, from whioh centre tho first application for it has been recoived, It will theneo oo sont m succession to tbo leading centres which have agrood to the necossary conditions, and will probably travol as far south as Wogga and ae far north as Tenterfield. Tbo dairy has boen mado as completo as possible, with a 2-h.p.engino, separa- tors, churns, ladktokiito, and all tho most modern appliances. IK a supplement to tho Goucrnmiiif Gazette issued yesterday it was annoancod that from tho 8th instant all the rules and orders relating to tho collection and administration of estates of deceased pomona by tho Lurator of Intostato Estates aro rescind"i], and new standing rules, as notified in tho Gazelle, substituted. ON Wodno^day ovening last a very bandeóme illuminited addrois was presented to Mr. Robort Edward, on tho ovo of his rotiremont from tho General Poat Office to lake chargo of tbo branch ofiico at William-stroot. All tho members of the Btaff wero prcont, and Mr. Charles Clarke in a very ollecuvo speech described how tho rooipiont, through his sterling qualities of hoad and heart, had worked himself from a very humb'.o position in the depart- ment to his presont ono of trust and honour, and was an cxsmplo to the wholo Btaff. Mr, Clarke, the senior officer in charge, thon handed ovor ihe address on behalf of th» officials of the despatch room, when Mr. Edward suitably replied, and after three hoarcy oheets tho moating terminated. A MEETiso of fruit-growers, importers, and agonts wa» hold yestorday nftoroo in at tho new Now Emit Exchnngo, formerly known as Russell'« Foundry, olí BathuTBt-streot Mr. Thomas Jossop, J P. (chairman), oooiipied the chair, and there wore about 50 or 00 pooplo present Tho chairman said that the objoct of the meeting was to endorse the aolion taken by thecommittoo in leaving the markot provided for them by the Municipal Council and engaging the promises in which they woro, in order for carrying on tho fruit trade. He slatod that nearly all interested in tho fruit trade had left the old market and there woro now nearly 20(1 exhibit- ing fruit in their new building. The floors bad been divided into símeos for stulls, and a ballot for there would take place as early as possible. A number of other speakers followed, and the resolu- tions woro pasfod endowing tho notion takon by the committee in semiring tho promises, and pledging all to help tho committee in making tho now exchango a success, The meeting then olosod. Tas Rockdale council at thoir last meeting adopted a report from thoir finance committee recommending that, in view of the promisod Gnvernmont grant of £500 towards the drainage of Patmoro'a Swamp, the sum of £25 contributed by Mr, Peter Moore and £10 by tho British Australian Land and Building Company, Limited, towards auoh bo rofuadod to the contributors, The library com- mittee also pre«ented a report approving of the draft specification for tho supply of booka for free library as prepared by the council clerk, and recom- mended that publio tondetB bo invited for the Barne. A liuviEW of metropolitan and other defonoe forces will be hold at Moore Park on Monday, the 25th instant. It is expected that tho under montionod regiments and doiaolménts will bo on parado :-Tbo Permanont Artillery, the Permanent Bnbmarino Miners, the Pormanont Medical Staff Corps, tho Cavalry, Uta Partially-paid Arti lory, the Engineers, the Partially-paid Submarino Miners, the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd rogimonts, the Partially-paid Medi- cal Staff Corps, the Naval Brigade, and tho Naval Artillery Volunteers. TUE High School and sevoral otbor metropolitan cadet corps, raprosontitig a total strength of sbont 500, para 'ed at Longueville yesterday and wore put through battalion drill. Major Dottmann was in command. Tho other Btaff ollloers presonc wore Captain Mulholland, Warrant-Offlcer Murphy, and Quartor-maeter Sergeant Smith. . A rmzB competition with 40-ponnder breech loading guns will take plooo at the entrance 11 Port Jackson to-aay, tho guna being firod from Middlo Hoad, Tho competition will bo undor tho au-pioos or tho Artillory Association of New Suuth Wales. A i-ArEB on the organisation and equipment of harbour dofencos waa read last ovoning before the Unitod Bervico Institution by Lieutenant-Oulonel Boddam, of tha Military Worka Department Tho parer was li6tonod to with considerable interest, and waa afterwards dobated by Bovoral of the memhors. Mit. BLIND HOLT'S farowell produotion of his Buccessful Boason at tho Theatro Royal will bo given this evening, when "iho Bolls of HasUi moro'' will bo brought out, for tho first timo in Sydney. This fuur-aot drama was originally pláyod at tho Adelphi Theatre on July 28, Í887, with Mr. William Forrisa in tho rolo of Frank Botosford. a part whioh will be taken h>ro by Mr. Waller Howe. The ploy is from.the pons of those practiced au.hors, Messrs. Henry lotitt and Sydney Grundy. It 'enjoyed a long run in London and the English provinces, and it also mot with a favourable recep- tion at the Melbourno Theatre Hoy al a to»v months ano Tho heroine will be p ayed hero by Misa Kate BiBhop. Mr. Woltor Baker Will act the part of a villain, a charaoior originally sustained by Mr. Charles Cartwright Mrs. Holt will roappoar m a comedy part, and Miss Maggie Knight will also bo welcomed buck to the S.vdney stage. The varions scenes, whicn oro Isid in rnral England und Southorn America, preBont opportunity for pictur- esque treatment. The econery for Mr. Holt's uro duotion is by those aouomplishod artists Messrs. George Gordon and John Brunton. "TUB Corrdcan Brothors" enters to-night on tho third work of its run at Her Majesty's Theitre. Mr. Goorgo Bignr-ld'a productie.n, wo need harJly repeat, is now exo odingly good. The ghost off cts ara vory thiiiltng. whtlo Jlr. tlignold'a i. personation of the brothers ia most meritorious. Nothing detlnito has been arranged as to tue imuiodiato futuro, but Mr. Rignold is considering a rovival of Bartley Campboli'e drama, " Siberia," at no distant date. Mosara. M'Mahun have arranged with Mr. Bignold for tho produotion or tho Buocossful Ameri om piece, " i -«? County Fair," with its novel m ooanioal effort. In iho meantime, " Ino Coi si eau Brothers " may ho ro omnio >do,l as a romantio and interesting play, well Btaged and act- d. " Iruprudeucd'f having finished it«allotted run of a week to orowdi-d houso« at the Criterion -Th-iaire, Mr. A. W. Pinero'a ' amusing, piece will be replaced this evening by tho reproduction, for six nights only. ,of Mr. Sydney Grundy's o'over and onter tlining comedy, " i'ho Silvor Shi Id." In this bright and well-writton pioco Mrs. Brough, it will be roniotnbered, ¡B soon to unusual advantngo in tbo high comedy charaoter of Alma Blake, tho actress, while Air. Brough, as Mr. Dodson Dick, Ula thcatucal munagar, bas a most amusUg part Morsrs. Lawrence, Gordon. Oates, and Cecil Ward, Missos E. Humor. Bessio ¿In j or, and Brinda Gibson are also in tho oast. "The Silver Shield" will be succeeded on Saturday by tue rovival of "TurnodUp." On tho following Saturday, tho 23rd instant, " Jane," a prosperous famical play from the Oomody Theatre, London, will be aclod for the first timo in Australia. ' Mías JANET Acncncn and Mr. Oharlos Oharring ton, who won many admirers during their last visit to Sydney, will commence at the Garriok Thoatre this ovoning a faro»voll visit, ptior to thoir return to England. Tnoir opening play this season will bo " Masks and Faoes," one of tho boat worka of Charles Reade and Tom Taylor. It was first presented in 1852. in the storied days of tho old Uay murltot Thoatre, undor tho lato Bonjnmin Webslor's management. It has twico been tho subject of revival by Mr. and Mrs, Bancroft Miss Aehuroh will appear as Po,r Wolliiigton, nnd Mr. Churring tou as Triplet 'lhoy will le supported by Mr. Her- bert Flemming as Ernest Vane, Mr. Eulo Norwood as Sir Charles Pomander, MÍBS Emma Bronton as Mabol Vano. The company also iucludos tho favour ito comedian, Mr. Goorgo Leitch. Tbo scene is laid ia Loudon iu tho latter part ol' the last century Appropriate dances will ho introduced this ovoning. IN connection with the visit of Madatno Sara Bornhardt, who ia expected to arrivo hero on tho 20th instant, an ox'uutivo committoe has beon formed for tho purpose ot giving tho great French actress a formal reception, A stoam launch is, as at present arranged, to moot Madame Bornhardt at the Hoads, and the Mayor and Mayoress aro to hold a reception in tho Town Hall. Miss JANET Acnnrtcu and Mr. Chatios Cherring- ton will to-night commence a short farowell aoason at the Garrick Theatre previous to their de-parturo for England. Tnis engagement will positively bo tho last that thoeo popular artists will fill in the colonies. Tho vory strong impression creatod bv thom six months ano at tho Criterion and Her Majesty's Theatres is stillio ont guaranteo for a hearty reception on their re-appearance boforo Sydney playgoers. Since leaving this city Mr. Oharrington has made a tour of tho Australian colonies, engaging a specially strong company to support his wife, Miss Janet Aohurch, and every- where has mot with the most gratifying succoss. The soason to-night will comnunco with tho pro- duction of Charles Ueado's favourite historical comedy of " Masks and Faces," a play that has nover lost its power to attraot and entertain. It calla for a greater varioty of good noting than almost any play over wrilton. Tho incidents with which it abounds oro patbotlcal, mirthful, satirical, and serious, 'i'ho central liguro of the play ia tho oolobratod Peg Wellington, playod by Mi-s Janet Aohurch, and her imnorsonatio i should bo a gouuino treat to theatre-goers. Tho Melbourno proas ptaised hor impersonation most warmly, as also that of Mr. Charring ton's James Triplot Incidental to tho oomody an old English minuet will be danoad hy the company, and in tho last act Mias Janot Aohurch exocutos nu Irish jig, Tho company supporting tho otarB has been specially seleotod, and includos many woll-known namo3. Mr. Herbert Flemming (who makes his last appoaranco in Australia). Mr. Goorgo Loiloh, the popular comodian, ivho has hosn spécially oogngod ; Mr. Eillio Norwood, Miss Emma Bronton, and Miss Alice May. During the season Mr. Ctiamngton will produce "Forget-mo Mot," tho play îond-rod famous by Miss G«neviovo Ward in this city sorao years ago. Miss Aehuroh is stated to bo tho only exponent of the part of Stophanio da Mohrivart except Mies Ward. On Tuosdav ovoning an ontortainmont in aid of the Mfddlo Hoad Torpodo Disaster Fund was givon in tho Mossman's Uay school hall, and thoorowdod and enthusiastic audionco must have boon gratify- ing to tho promoters. Two part songs, " No Passing Boll," and the " Vikings," were woll renderod by members of the Mosaman's Bay Musical Union, undor the oonductorehip of Mr. T. H. Thatchor. The soloists wera Mr. Arthur Keary, Mis». M Sonior, Mr. J. li. S,jkoB (late organist Huddersfield, England), Mr. L. Cook. Mr. U. Molitus, Mrs. L Turnor, and Mr. A. J. Searl." Mr. II, Molitus (Boral Leip- zig Conservatorium) made his first appoaranco in Sydaoy, rendering a Hungarian " Rhapsodie " hy Hamer, aud was encorod. Tho second part oon eibtod of tableaux with limo light olToots, by Mr, M. H. Ilamloh, F.I.O., F.O.&, and it would be difficult to discriminate which tabloaa pieisod the audionco most. During iho iutoival tho Bov. 1Î. Bock preaontoJ Captain Goorgo Boan, of the N, & 8\. Ferry Company, with a handsome Waltham watoh, purse, and addross for saving two ladios' livos from drowning at Moss man's Bay on tho night of tho 18th April. Captain Boan suitably roturnod thanks. TUE Boeond reoital on the new organ in St Paul's, Burwood, won given by Mr. W. T. «harp, organist of St John's, A-hllold, on Wednesday night, belora a fairly large audience. An oxc-dLnt progra nme, aoleoted with a view to oxhibit tho powora of the instrument, was performed. Too reoital opanod with an overture oomposod by Mr. W. T. Best! and the other compoeors irom whoso works selections woro given wera A. Guilmont, J. 6. Bach. Lux, Lommons, Haydn, Schubert, and MorandL An oflortory waa takon up in aid of the organ fund. A DEPUTATIOÎT oonBieting of motnbors of the Trados and Labour Council waitod upon the Mayor yesterday with a view to scouring tho freo u>e o£ Iho Contotinial Hall for a masa mooting of citizona doslroua of protesting against the plural voting piovisiona of tho Com- monwealth Constitution Bill, and of advocating tho abolition of the system of plural voting as oar riod out by virtue of tho prosent electoral law. It soemothat a similar oDnlicatioa was made norn* days ago, and tho Mayor then informed the appli- cants tffat the connoil was not disposed to lot the Centennial Ball for mass meetings, but tho Ex- hibition building might be placed at tho disposal of the applicants free of any ohargo oxcoptfor tho gas consumed. One of the applicant» next waited upon the Mayor in relation to the subjeot, and his Worship promised to bring the matter bofore a meeting of tho committeo of tho counoil which sat on Thursday. At that aveling tbo committeo endorsed the action of the Mayor, and deoided that Iho promotora of tho moodng might havo the uso of tho Exhibition building free of nhargo, or the hall undurnoath the Centen- nial Itali upon paying £10. Yesterday a depu- tation waitod upon tho Mayor to ask him to reconsider tho mattor. Tho Mayor In- formed the daputa-inn that as the subjoct bad now como within the province of tho council ho was poworless to do anything in tho mattor. Ho added that a motion in relation to tho subjoot would come on for consideration at the mooting of tho counoil whioh was to bo hold on Tu-sday noxt. Tns Rev. James Ohalrasra dolivers an address at the ï.lttti Uall to-night, on Now Gamea. Tns Rev. Mark Guy Pearse proaohnd to a crowded congregation in the Paddington Wesloyan Church last night Mr. Pearse ba«cd his sermon on " Be porfoet ; be of good comfort," II. Corinthians, 13, 11. Thora wore, he said, Bome heatbon religious whioh had aimed at perfoation, hut they did not say "bo of good onmfort." Other roligiouB had only carried out the idea of the latter clause of the text What did it matter what the morrow brought forth, lot thom ba of good ohoer for to-day. The Christian religion was a oombination of the two-tho loftiest ideal, and yet the sweetest peace, A SUMMONS meeting of th» members of' the Star of Hope Divisi-m, Sons and Daughters' of Terh porance, was hold in too Temperance Hall BalmaijH on the 4th instant A resolution was adopted in favour of Bonding a petition to Parliament in favour of the Local Option Bill introduced by Sir Henry Parlies, with the suggested amendments carried at tho conforenco of tho oxi-oativos of the temp-ranee sooielios. 1. For a simple majority in all cases. 2. All liquor lioonsos, as well as publi- cans, to be includod in the test submitted to tha oleotors. 3. 100 eleotors, instead of one-sixth, to demand a poll. i. If either of the resolutions bo no^ativod, a poll to bo again allowed in a year. THE monthly meoting of the Womon's Chiistlan Temporáneo Union took place on Woduosday last in tbo upper room of tho Temperance Hall. Ttionttond anco was good. 1 ho proBidont (Miss Hojg) occu- pied tho chair. Tho mont ng oponod with a Biblo reading. . Tho correspondence, which was lenglliy and important, was tho noxt ¡tom altor the minutes had boen read and pnssod. Then followed tho reports of what had boon done since tho last mid-monthly meeting. One of tho accounts WUB nf the supper givoa in tho now soup room-i last woek. About 40 men wore pro sent j oai h appoarod vory glad of the meal. The mon listened attentively te the addresses which woro given by Mr. Lewi«, Mrs. Bowo', and Mi s Hogg. The snpoiintcndont, Mrs. Crino, then road the Tem- poráneo Evangelista' report which presented a record of evangelistio and rosoun woik, viz., visita to hotels in company with tho pro«ident, appeals to some of tho wait« and strays of humanity loitering about the parks, with muoh more thit cannot bo recoided, A paper was read to tho mom bors showing the need for all Christian women to make a firm stun! against any drink be-iog admitted into their bodies. MB. QCOKO TAUT ii.vitrd a large number of his friends to tea last night to celébralo iho openine of his branch giillro'oms, 6ituato at 777 Georga-stroot, opposite Christ Churob. Tho gathering wai of a represcntitivo chnractor. The rooms bavo been nicely arranged and decorated. Mr. Quong Tart presided al tho tea, aftor whioh there wero several spcochos of a complimentary character mado. Tho loyal toasts woro given, after which " tho Parlia- ment " was proposed, and nspondo.l to by Messrs, W. ¡stephen and Hawlhorno, M».L.A. Mr. Tart's health was proposed, and that gentloman replied in a happy speech. Feeling reference to the death of Sir John Robertson was mado. A connEsrosDENT signing himself " Citizen " writes complaining of tho closing of Boomorang street, which oiueos all traillo to go via Collogo and Park streets to Woolloomooloo. Tnn agent for tho publishers of the " Australian Moa of Mark " writes to oontradiot tko state- ment published in a paragraph earlier in tho weok, that the solicitor co the " Men of Marl: Defenco League Association " (Mr, Parish) had oonduoted 20 oaeos, and bad boen successful in every instance in obtaining a favourable verdict Several actions, he says, havo boon brougnt op ai OBt clients by Mr. Pari«b, ona of whioh was sottled by the payment of the full amount claimed, another boing nonsuited ; whilo all tho other casos woro withdrawn by re- quest, it boing tha intention of tho publishers to test thoir position by a scries of notions. A TEr.EonAi'it messenger named Thomas Collins, 17 years of ago, and rosi ling with his parents in Abororombio-street Rodlern, mot with n sorious acoidont jostorday nftorncon. Whilst riding his horse along CryBta!-«treot, Peter- sham, ho was ttirown violently from tho saddle on to tho road. Upon being pioked up the lad wus found so be insensible. Ho wa« convoyed to Prince Alfr;d Ho«pitnl and ad- mitted to that institution suffering from fraoturo of tho skull. His condition is vory critical. TnoJiAs OOSTIK, ono of the mon who wero injured in the Ammonia oxplneion at the Fresh Food and Ice Company's works, Darling Harbour, on Thursday, was in n vory bad oondilinn last night, and it was not thought that he could last the night Hennings and Campbell wero as well as could bo expeotod. YESTERDAY morning an unusual acoidont hap- pened ia Cleronce-stroot A horse, atiachod to a cab, was on tho stand in tho raid opposite the Con- trai Ooffeo Palace, when suddenly it bolted aoross tho road, and mado straight for tho ontranoo of tho ladies' refreshment room of the Coffuo Palace, It dashod aoross tho pavement and burst through tho doorway, carrying tho framework away and smash- ing tho glass. Hero roioral stops stoppod tho animals further progress, and it WBB ovontually ex- tricated from its roouliar position appnrontly verv little tho worse, Tho drivor roooivod eovoral nastv cuts. A MAN namod James Snnfiold, 85, a navvy, was injured last night on the railway lino near Strath- field. Ho was oro-Bing the rails for a " billy " of water when tho Northern mail, which was due at tbo timo, came up and knocked him down, the wheels passing ovor his left foot, Tbo man was piokod up and sent to Newtown, whenco ho was convoyed to Prince Alfred Hospital. There it waa found nocoisnry to amputate the loft foot at the anklo. Uosido this thoro was an extonsivo scalp wound, and it ia thought thoro aro other injuries. At pro«ent tho man is progr. saing favourably. A CABMAN, namod Terence M'GorvIn, 36, living in No, 1 John-street, Forest Lodge, fell off his oab yesterday, nnd along with an injury to tho baok, sustained a fraoturo of the right shouldor bono. He was admitted to tho Sydney Hospital. TDE adjourned inquo't into tho oiroumstanoes attonding tho doath of Patrick Wall, who dlod in the Srdnoy Hospital, on tho 5th instant, waa con oludod boforo tho City Coronor, at tbo Coroner's Court yestorday. DooeoBnd, it will bo rememborod, was found on tho morning of tho 80th ultimo, lying in the Domain, nnaulo to move, Tho medical testimony showed that death was due to intrnoranial homorrhago, oonsoquont on a fraoturo of tho skill. Tho juiy returned a vordiot to that offoot, but addod that tho ovidonoo adduood did not onable thom to dotermiuo how tbo injtirios wero oausod. WITH regard to tho burglary in a tobacconist's shop in Park-streot, on Thursday night, tho polico aro desirous that tho man who informed Constable Woir of tho ontry of two men into tho shop, should communioalo with the Contrat Polico station. Anour 11 o'clock last night two Chinamen's huts, near Rioketty-stroot, St. Peters, wero burnt to the K'ound. No ono was injurod. Tho M. F. B. Nos. 2 and 8 wore in attondanoo, and provontod the Uro tro m spreading. A SMALT, fire occurred last night in a lioimo in Oolwin-torrace, Brighton- stroot P. torsham, ocouplod by Mrs. Judge. Tho window curtains of tho front room and tho window sa«h wore damaged by fire and tho walls wore damagod by Buloke. The outbreak, whioh was oausod by a lighted oandlo coming into contnot with tho ourtains, was ex tingulshol by the inmates, LAST winter a short course of Sunday night addroasos wa« dollvorod to a number of tho student» by some of tho University professor« in a hall ¡n the cltv. Wo are roqnostod to draw attention to an advertise- ment jtatlng that tho first of tho eorios for this wlntor will bo dol vered to-morrow evening in the Now Maionlo Hall on tho Bubjoct of religion and domooraoy. COLONRI, OLCOTT, tho pro.ldont of the Thootophlcal Soolety, will locturo on Thoosophy »t tho Protestant na 1 to-morrow evening ht lib Tho Hon. K Barton, N.L.Ü., will take the chair. ^ Tim Roy. John Fordyoo looture» nt the Y. M. C. A Hallion luesd»y night on "The sceptical young TUE Bishop of Newoastlo, the Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, will preach at tho morning sorvlce at Bt Aiidrew s Ualhodre to-morrow. Tbo following Is tho orasr of. tho musical »orvicos for tha d»y :-Mornin.- . To Daum, Thorne In C ; anthem, " Leave ua ' not; i neither forsake na " (Stainer). Afternoon : Magnificat, Parry in D ; anthem, " Lif t up vour hoads " (Meaalah) ; Lunny (Tailla). THIS afternoon a complimentary harbour trip is to bo given to tho ßav. Mark Guy Pearse. The steamer ' Waterview has been engaged for the occasion. AN organ recital ia to bo given this afternoon in the great Ball of the university bv Miss Amy Thompson, and a good programme boa been arranged. 