A VISIT TO GISBORNE. A BUSINESS engagement took me to Gisborne the other day, my first visit to this old township. Finding myself with two hours on my hands I looked around for some means of diversion. Although it was but 3 o'clock, and a fine winter's afternoon, the only living thing in sight were a native companion, with a scarlet ribbon round its neck evidentlyglorying in the solitude; nine geese; and a black dog, calmly surveying the peaceful scene from the front door of the bank. I thought, .s I wandered aimlessly along, of the peaceful valley and Rip Van Winkle, and turning a corner, there was the very man seated on a verandah ! I placed myself beside him, and found that, inmin ing parlance, I had struck a reef. " Yes, master; it's a pretty place, but middling quiet as you see. It was very different when I first came down the hill, fifty years ago. No houses then, no roads, no fences; and the flat over there was a bit soft, you could have swam a boat all over it. Blacks, did you say; why they were as thick as flies on a dead bullock, my word. If you did not keep tight hold of your things it was no good looking for 'em. Well, they got coming about too near, and the master says to me 'George, you must clear 'em or thin 'em out.' So I starts next morning with a dray load of ammu. nition, and lots go at 'em. I don't think they seen or heard a gun afore, and they stood their ground all day, and as Idropped one after another the rest of 'em would set up a yell as if it was good sport. Well, about an hour beforesun down, the master come along, and he says-' George ?' Fad just got my sight on a little bandy-legged chap as had bothered me, and when l'ad rolled hims over, I turned round and says, 'yes, master.' 'Comeo along to your tucker, George,' says he, 'You have killed enough for one day 1' I never see'd 'em after, they must have got skeer'd, and gone off north'ards with their boomerangs. One morning a few years ago, when I went into the corner for a nobbler of black strap, a commercial was there, and he says 'could you drink a pint my man ?' I says, ' Ay ! Forty pints if you will pay for 'em !' Well, he eyes me up and down for arf a minute, and then he says, in a way just like the Sergeant of the Fortieth ' anaw.' Well the land lord (and a rare good sort he was, lie paid for a pint for me only yesterday) he drawed, and I laid on, and when I had done the twenty-fourth Iwent for a bit of a walk, and I must have gone to sleep, for when I come back they said it was eighteen hours since I had the last pint, and the commercial had cleared, and not left the money for the balance, and he owes me them sixteen pints to this day. They do say this is the oldest township out of Melbourne; anyway its old enough to have a ghost. Yes, its right master, arsk anyone you meet. Why, one night the little house right at the very back of the carpenter's garden was fast in its place when they went to bed, and in the morning it was in the middle of the street, a chain and a arf from its right place; and then there was the schoolmaster's horse, when he went to bed it down for the night it was a dark bay, and when he went to put the saddle on to ride to Cabbage Tree next morning, it was white. Now how did that paint get on it? Then there was the man hanging from the verandah that morning, everybody as they got up and see it they says, 'There, Jim's gone and doneit at last !' and he hung there all day, till the trooper went and cut him down, and now there's the surveyor's bacon, besides some other queer tihings that's happened. But I'll 'ave to go now, I've got the sheep to look for, they're somewheres on the roads, if they aint found a way into some. body's paddock." . WOLFE's Scantars is more wholesome ;thin brandy or whisky and is a pure refreshing beverage. Ask for WoLFe'e. 