WHAT ya ITJ THE INFLUENCE THAr.sbjtefià, ES GUIDES US AGAINST 0¿4MWjLT " No, I do not believe in ghosts said an old lady of great experience, " but I ,j0 believe in the ministration of spirits." This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural fl parishes. Interest even talk about the practical. Haunted houses are routed without great difficulty, in tins landlord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influences swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not isle of our own volition the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we came to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses, in this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in what they see ; the evidence of things not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he was in tB to get well; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it does B not sure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire into his methods of medi- cation. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1890:-"During the past 10 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became from acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring what is more serious disease. Fin ally I tried the off. lots of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any amelioration in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale-street, Melbourne, says "October 30, 1890 For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable piles in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 