THE SOUTH SEAS. PART I.— THE MARQUESAS BY R. L. STEVEXSOX. Chapter III.-Thb JIaroos. Of the beauties of Anaho book, mWlU, wnctcn. I remember waking about 3 o'efoeVf, find tho air temperate and scented. The iJ swell brimmed into tho bay, and seemed to a it full, and then subside. Gently, decide J silently the Casco rolled ; only at times aW piped like a bird. Oceanward the hearenm! bright with star3 and tho sea with their red-- tions.' If I looked to that side I might lati sting with the Hawaiian poet i— Ua niaomao Ka lanl, ua Kaliaea luim, Ua pipi ka malca o ka tiokn. (The heavens were fair, they stretched abote Many were the oyes of the stars.) ' And then I. turned shoreward, and high fpJ woro overhead ; the mountains loomed J black ; and I could have fancied' I had slippsl 10,000 miles away and was anchored in a High land .I00I1 ; that when the day came, it rail show , pine, and heather, and green fern, nil roofs of turf sending up the smoke of pert J and the alien Bpeech that should nest greet cj ears must be Gaelic, not Kanaka, And day, when it came, brought other si-lits id thoughts. I havo watched the morning break in mij I quartern of the world ; it has been certainly on of the chief joys of my existence, and the dsn -thnt I saw witli most emotion shono upon th Bay of Anaho. ' The mountains abruptly out- 1 hang the port with every variety of surfaced I of- inclioation, lawn and cliff and forest. Xtil one of these but wore its proper tint of saffron,! of sulphur, of tho clove and of the rose. The! lustre was like that of satin ; on the lighter lira I there seemed to float an efiioi csccnce ; a soltxi I bloom appeared on the moro dork. The light I itself .was the ordinaiy light of morning; eo!«-| less and cloau ; and on this ground of jewth, I .pencilled out the least dotal! of drawiqj j Meanwhile, around the hamlet, under tk j ;paims; .where tlio blue siiadow lingered, the nil cools of cocoa husk and the light trails of nasi I betrayed the awakening huoinessof theday; s!:i; I the beaoh men and women, Inde and lasses, raj returning from the bath in bright raiment, nil and-bluo and green, such as we delighted to ml in the colored little pictures of our childheol; I and presently the sun had cleared the eastta I .hill and the glow of tho day was overall I The glow continued and increased, the bee I neas,- for the main part, ceased before it bil begun.' Twice in the day there wis accrual stir of shepherding along the seaward hilb. At I -times a'canoe went out (o fish. At times 1 1 woman or two languidly filled a basket ioth I cotton patch. At times a pipo would rouad out I of the shadow of a house, ringing the cbtpi I on its three notes, with an effect like 511: frjcrrJ mc dure repeated ondlessly. Or at times, at tea I a corner of tho bay, two natives might comma- 1 nicatc iii- tho Marquesas manner with convea- 9 tiohdl'1 whistlings. All clso was sleep nil 'silence. The . Burt broke and shone around the I shores, a species of black crano fished in fie I broken swntor, the lilack pigs were continuity 1 galloping by on some affair, hut the might norer have awaked, or they might til «j dead. ; - 1 ' -My favorite haunt was opposite thelaiMl where was a landing in a cove under a li«u R cliff. - The beach was lined with palm' a'! tree called tho burao, something between 1 fig and mulberry in growth, and ' K flower .'like a great yellow i>oppy wl maroon heart. In places rocks entrust . upon' the sand, the beach would j submerged, aiid tlio surf would bubk.e E .as high as to my knees, and play with cecusJ husks us our more homely oceaa p >P | : wreck and wraok and bottles. As t ' j . . I drew down, marvels of color anil streamed between my feet, winch I wu i 1 'at, miss, or seize ; now to find them «n 'I promised, shells to grace a cabinet or I gold upon a lady's iinser; now to ca - maya of colored sand, pounded ira3 I pebbles, that, as soon as tlioy woro dry, as dull and homely as tho '''"''"'""J uKfs| path. I have toiled at tills childish )'k I hours in the strong sun, conscious 0 m, ablo ignorance, hut too keen!) p j ashamed. -Meanwhile the lilac 1 I tropical understudy) would be flat" tbiokots overhead. . mr.i I A little further, in the turn I streamlet trickled in the bottom 5bs 1 spilling ilowna stair of rook tn» , , . h I draught of air drew down under 1 the very bottom of the den wbm „ 1 arbor for coolness. In front 1 tlio bine bay and the -Casco 'I® 0 nils' I her awning and her cheerful 00 0 | was a thatoh. of buraos, and ore lsA palm's- brandished their _ 1 as I hive seen a i«| self- a , halo ' out of .tih I For in this spot, over a n«k o' foot of' fhe mountains, the trt I into Anaho Bay in a flood g co01- S«i«- <av thai I Wtt3 ashore ifi the 1 ItCTsta Stevenson and the' ship, ooolr. ww1, , t (Vico lying outsido, and a orane ra thc ever busy wind and sea, the face gcrtwo, ana .tono omptinoss. gof the world. stoo!t9tiu, andthe sonse ond refteshing- 0?„a fir Lrade wind, coming in a gnat over the S!3!,to; t!"k ood scattered the fans of tho !' ' kr. the den: and, behold! in two of ifira there sat a native, motionless as an idol I Aing us, you would have said, without 1 i The next moment tho tree closed, and Kmpse was gone. This discovery of human I .MB latent overhead in a place where we fc opposed ourselves alone, the immobility of I .tree top spies, and tho thought that perhaps I ,U hours we were similarly supervised, struck S « with a chill. Talk languished on the beaob. 8, ot (1,0 cook (whoso conscience was not Star) he never afterwards set foot on shore, 1ml t'vrec when tho Casoo appeared to be llitiog n the rooks, it was amusing to observe SL men's alacrity; death, ho was persuaded, waited him upon the boaoh.; It was more than I rear later, in the Gilberts, that the oxplana- iiaudamed upon myself. Tho natives wore drawing palm-tree wine, a, tiling forbidden by Bliir aud when thc wind thus suddenly revealed Km they were doubtless more troubled than Keurselves. At the top Ot the den thore dwell an old, ' IjUnchely, grizzled man of the, .name of Tari: Charlie) CofSn. He was a native, of Oahu,.in he Sandwich Islands, and had gone to sea E his youth in tho American wha.Iers,_ a : Ertumitance to whioh ho owed his . name, BiiEngliih, his down-oast twang, and the mis- Bftttuneoi his innocent . life. For ono captain, Ellin;, out of New" Bodford, carried him to Eta-Mra and marooned Mm there, among the Ennihals. .The motive' for this aot wasincou- Eirably small j poor Tari's wages, which wore Em economised, would: scaroe' have shook . tho Kredit of the New Bedford owners. . And the Ret itself was Simply murder.,'. Tari's. lhfo, must Eire hung hi .-the beginning: by., a." hair. E the grief and terror : of . that time, K is not unlikely, he... .went mad, an Ksnnity to which ho .was .. still , liable or Keihapi a child may have taken a fanoy to Kim and nrdained him to be spared.; Hoes- nped at least alive, married in the idand, and ien I knew him was a widower" with a married ran and a granddaughter. . But the thought of Dihu haunted him ; its .praise was for, over on blips; be beheld it, looking, back, as a placo Bl ceaseless feasting, song aud dance ; and in U dreams I daresay, he revisits it with joy. I Baler what he would think if .he could.be-. oar- 8>td there indeed, and see the .modern town.of Honolulu brisk with tralfio,' and the palace with E guards, and . tho great , hotel, and Mr. Beta's ..band with their, .uniforms and Hstlandish instruments ; or what ! .we would Biuk to see the brown faces grown so few and B» white so many ; and his father's -land sold Bwphufing sugar, and his fqther's'house 'quite Bombed, or perhaps the lost -.of. them b truck' pious and immured botween the surf "aridi; the" Bps on Molokai? So simply, oven, in. South- Rs Islands, and so sadly, tlio changes come. r Tari was poor and poorly lodged. . I His'housei Buswooden frame, run up by ; Europeans ; it u indeed his official1 residence,' for ; Tari " Svas Ep shepherd of the promontory '8hbep,' , I cnn gives perfect inventory of 'its' contents : . three wit a tin bisouit .box,, an -iron, saucepan, gueral cocoa shell 1 cupa, a -lantern, and three Bottles, probably containing- oil, while the Bodies of the family and a few mats were Brown across the open, rafters. , Upon my.first Bwheg with this exile he kad conceived for me reef the baseless island friendships, bad given e nuts to drink, and carried me up-' the den Be see my house, " 'the. only'.; entertainment P" ? M to offer. . Ho Hked the f' Ahrolican," Maid, and the "Inglishmon;"- bbut the. BFleasman" was his abhorrence; and he was: In' cxploin 'fa®4 if ho' had thought us i ' »lM>nia have had uotiq of his nuts and mra sight of- bis house. His: distaste for 1 "tan partly understand, hut notat r "B 'e'etation of the Auglo-Saxom ' The next Py e rought mo a pig, and soihe ,days later fe of our party going ashore found him in the not »">!g a second. We were still strange to the Pto s, wo were pained by the poor man's BMrosity which he could ill afford, And by a ftoral enough but quite unpardonable blunder a,!! "n l"18 -nt' been a Marquesan jewroma have seen him no more ; being what g was, tho most mild, long suffering melan- i» yman,he took a revenge a hundred times fie painful. Scarce had tho caubo with the nine Sogers put off from their farewell before ft CO was '""ded from the other aide. It r,r! !,MmiuS 'bus late becausu he had no 0Wn' and had found, it hard to Inn ?n ' .C0"1'I1S 'hub solitary (as indeed wo BekLl' 1 J? b,ecauae ho wai a stranger in t, aad 'bo dreariest of company. \ The Inuik J am''y basely fled from the encounter, le ilL?'Ve Ur Ini"ed '»nud alone ; and L , ,ew mus' f"1'? lasted hard upon an pugo wwar !oth t0 tear himHoU away- |BenU,l Lee Iu u more-no sir !' he lefuUn'j"?? th,e,a 'nuking about him with KbhTnm I00' 'his goodee ship— no, sir !- K out n e ?Uld BX0lato : 'ho.fno, air," |io; i„n0 .? atP'r through the nose upon a L th» f„i Va 60110 from. Now Bedford iesaiona "T-'T haler. : From .those ex- P'lnnallv to ir n prai8l!i Ho would return &e; 21 \WSa o£ th6 rjoo'od pig. "I l> was a nhn, 6' P'S. yon no ; take him." "edit repeated, . and I had Pstoae'ehin, «.rarely h0011 moro wretched P " hsSv f' thT 80 old- 80 8oy. so phtenahce ana ' '.o£ 80 ruofuI a phess the affront ® apPr60la'®» W1'H growing Pit him; but if had so innocently Pspeechiavain WM n® f 'H3B oases in a girTnf8 ia' 'ng Snd lnor'i hi3 doughter- intelh'vent th Eentlo and grave, I S nt most Anaho women, and with a fair share of French ; his graudchild, a mite of a creature at the breast. I went up the den one day when Tari was irom home, and found the son making a cotton saok, and madame suckling mademoiselle. When I had sat down with thorn on thc floor tho girl began to question mo about England, whioh I tried to desoribo, ; piling tho pan and tho eocoa shells one upon another to represent the houses, and explaining, as best I was able, and by word and gesture, tho over population, the hunger and tho perpetual toil. "Paade cocotiers i pas de papal?" she asked.- I told hor it was too cold, and went through an elaborate performance, shutting out draughts, and crouching over an imaginary fire, . to make suro she understood. But she . understood right, well ; remarked that it must be bad for tho health, and sat awhile gravely reflecting on that picture of unwonted sorrows. I am sure it roused her pity, for it struck in her another thought always uppermost in the Marquesan bosom ; and she began with a smiling, sad ness, anil looking' on mo out of mclnnoholy eyes, to lament the deceaso of her own people.. "lai paade Kanagues," said she; and taking, the baby. from hor' breast, sho held it out to me with both her hands.' " Tcnez — a little baby Hko this; then dead. All' the Kanaquesdie. Then no more." Tho smile, and; this instana- ing by tho girl mother of her own tiny flesh and blood, affeoted me strangely; they spoke of' .so tranquil a despair.. Meanwluie the husband smilingly made his sack; and tho unconsoious : babe struggled to reaoh a pot of raspberry .jam, friendship's offering, whioh'I bad just brought np to the den ; and in a perspiective of ' centuries I saw their case as ours, doath coming in like a tide, and tho day " already numbered, when there should bo no moro Boretani, and no more of nny race whatever, and (what oddly touched mo) no moro liter ary works nnrl no more readers. ' Chapter IV.— Deatii. The thought of death,. I have said, is upper most m the mind of tho Marquesan. It would be strange if it were otherwise. The raoe is perhaps the haudsomcst extant. , Six feot is about the middle hoight of males. They are strongly musclod, free from fat, swift in action, graceful in repose, and the women, though fatter and duller, aro stiU comely animals. To judge by- tho eye, there is ho raco more viable, and. yet death reaps .them with both bands. When Bishop -Dor'dillon first came to Tai-o-hae he reckoned the- inhabitants at ' many thou sands. He was but newly dead,, and, in the same. bay. Stanislao -- Moanatini oounted.-on his fingers eight resirluai . natives. 'Or take the valley of Hapaa, known to readers of Herman Melville nnder thc grotesque1 misspelling of Hapar. There are bnt two-writers who have touched; the South Seas with any genihs/.bothi Americans— HMvillo antl Charles. , Warren .Stoddard— and at tho. ohristening- of., the .first and the. greatest, some influential- fairy must have been neglected. ; "He-shall bo able to see," ''He shall. He able .to tell," "He'shaUhe able to charm, ".said the friendly, godmothers, "Bathe shall not .be able' to hear," exolaimed the last. The tribe 1 of - Hapaa is said to have numbered some 400, when the small-pox came and reduced them by ono-fourth. Six months later a woman developed tubercular consumption; the disease spread liko a fire about the valley, and in less than a year two survivors, a man and a woman, fled from that new created solitude. A similar Adam and Eva may some day wittior- among new .races, the tragio residue of Britain. When I ifirst heard this story the dote staggered me, but I am now iuolincd to think it possible. Early in the year of my visit, for example, or late the year before, a first case of phthisis appeared in a Household of 17 persons, and by'the month of August, when the tale was told me, one soul survived, aud that was a boy who had been ahseut'at his schooling. And depopulation works both- ways, the doors of death being set wide open, and the door of birth almost closed. Thus, in the half year ending July,- 1888, there were twelvo deaths and but ono birth in the district of the Hatiheu. . Seven or eight more deaths were to be looked forin the ordinary course; and M. Aussol, the observant gendarme, knew of but ono likely birth. At this rato it is no matter of surprise if tho population in that part should have deelined in 40 years from 6000 to less than 400 ; which are, once more oh the authority of M. Aiissel, the estimated figures. And the rate of decline must have even accelerated towards the end. A good way to appreciate the . depopulation is to go by land from Anaho to Hatihen. The roatl is goad travelling, bnt cruelly steep. I do not remember a moro swift soatimont of ascen sion. We seemed scarce to have passed the deserted House which stands highest in Anaho before we were looking dizzily down. upon its roof ; the Cisco well out in the b&y;, Slid rolling for a wager, shrank visibly ; and presently through the gap of Tari's isthmus, Ua-huna was seon to hang oloudliko on the horizon. Over the summit, whore the wind blow really chill, and whistled ia the reed-like grass and tossed the grassy fell of the pandanus, we stepped suddenly, as through a door, into tho next vole and bay of Hatiheu. A bowl of mountains encloses it upon three sides. On the fourth this rampart has been bombarded into ruins, runs down to seaward in imminent and shattered crags, and presents tho one practic able breach of the blue bay, Tho interior of this vessel is crowded with lovely and valuable trees— orange, bread fruit, mummy apple, cocoa, tho island chestnut and fur weeds, the pino and tho banana. Four perennial streams water and keep it green ; and along the deU, first of one then of another of these, the road, for a considerable distance, descends into this fortunate valley. The song of the waters and the familiar disarray of boulders gave us a strong sense of homo, which the exotio foliage, the daft like growth of thc pandanus, tho buttressed trunk of tho banyan, the black pigs galloping in the bush, and the architecture of the native houses dissipated ere it could be enjoyed. The houses on the Hatiheu side begin high up ; higher yot, the more molanoholy spectacle of empty paepaes. When a native habitation is deserted, tho- superstructure — pandanus thatoh, wattle, unstable tropical timber —speedily rota, and is speedily scattered by the wind. Only the stones of tho terrace endure, nor can any ruin, cairn or standing stone or vitrified part present a more stern appear ance of antiquity. We must have passed from six to oight of these now houseless platforms. On the main road of the island, where it crosses the valloy of Taipi, Mr. Osbenrno tells me they are to be reekoned by the dozen, and as the roads lravo boon made long posterior to their oreotion, perliaps to their .desertion, and must simply be regarded as lines drawn at random through tho bush, the forest on either hand must be equally filled with these survivals — the gravostones of wholo families. Such ruins are tapu . in the strictest sense; no native must approach them ; tlioy have become outposts of the kingdom of the grave. ' It might appear a natural and pious custom'in the hundreds who are left — the rear guard 1 of perished thousands — that their feet should leave' untrod these hearthstones of their fathers. I believe, in fact, the custom rests on different and more grim conceptions. But the house, the grave, and even thc body of the doad havo- been' always particularly honored by Mar- quesans. Until recently tho corpse was some times kept. in . the family and daily oiled and sunned , until,' by gradual and revolting stages, it dried into a kind of mummy. Offerings are still laid upon the grave. In Traitor's Bay- Mr. Osboarne saw a man buy a looking glass to lay upqii. his son's ; and the sontiment against the desecration of tombs, thoughtlessly ruffled in the layiog down of the new roads,- is a ohief ingredient in the nativo hatred for the French. The Marquesan beholds with dismay the approaching extinction of his race. The thought of death sits down witlrnhim to meat and -rises with him from his' bed ; he lives - and breathes under a shadow of mortality awful to support ;! arid ho :i3 so -inured to .tho' apprehension . that. he. greets, the reality with relief. .1 Ho, does not even seek' to' support a disappointment;' at an affront, at a breach of one of liis fleeting 'arid' communistic love nffaiis, he soeks an instant refuge in the grave. Hanging is now' the fashion. -. I : heard, of . three who had harigod - themselves in the west' end of Hiva-aa during' the first half ' of 1888; bnt though this be. a. common form of ' suicide in other parts of the South Seas, I cannot think it will continue popular in the Marquesas. Far more suitable to Marquesan sentiment is the' old form 'of " poisoning ; with tho fruit of the.'evo, which offers to. the native. suicide a cruel but deliberate death, and glveB time for those decerioios of; the last hoar, to wliioh'he attaohes suoh- 'remarkable importance.' The coffin can. thus be at hand, the pigs killed, the oryofthe mourners sounding. already through the house ; and then it is, and not before, that the Marquesan is conscious of achievement, his life . all rounded in; his robes , (like Cresar's) adjusted for the'final act.' ;Praiso not any man till hois dead, Baid tho ancients ; envy not any man till you hear the mourners, might be the Marquesan parody.' The coffin, though of late introduction', strangely engages their attention. It is to the mature Marquesan what a watahis to the . European schoolboy. For 10 years Queen Vaokohu had. dunned the fathers; at last, but tho other day, they let her have her will; gave her her coffin, and the woman's soul is at rest. I was told a droll instance of the force of this preoccupation. Tho Polynesians are subject to n disease seemingly rather of the will than of the body. I was told the Talri- tians have a. word for it, crimatua, but can not find it in ' my dictionary. A gondarme, M. Nouveau, . has seen men beginning to succumb to this insubstantial malady, has routed them from - thoir houses, turned them ' on to do. their trick upon-, the roads, and in . two days has seen tiiem eured. But this other remedy is more original. A Mar quesan, dying of this discouragement — perhaps I should rather say this acquiescence— has been known, at the fulfilment of his crowning wish, on the mere eight of that desired Hermitage, his coffin; to revive, recover, shako off the hand of death, and be restored for years to his 1 occupa tions— carving tikis, let us say, or braiding old men's beards. From all this it may be con ceived how easily they meet death , when it approaches naturally. I heard one example, grim and picturesque. In the - time of tho small-pox in Hapaa, an old man was seized with tho disease; ho had no thought of re covery ; had his grave dug by a wayBide, and lived in it for near a fortnight, eating, drinking and smoking with the passcrs-by, talking mostly of his ond, and cquaUy unconcerned for himself and careless of tho friends whom he infected. This proncnesa to suicide and looao seat in life ia not peouliar to the Marquesan. IThat is peculiar is the widespread depression and accept ance of tho national end. Pleasures are neglected, the dance languishes, the songs are forgotten. It is truo that some, and perhaps too many of them, are proscribed ; but many remain, if there wore spirit to support or to revive them, At tho last feast of the Bastille, Stanislao Moanatini shed toars when he bolield the inani mate performance of tho dancers. "When tho peoplo sang for us in Anaho, they must apolo gise for the smallnes3 of thoir repertory. They wore only young folk present, they said, nnd it was only tho old that knew tho songs. Tho whole body of Marquesan poetry and music was being suffered to die out with a single dispirited generation. The full import is apparent only to ono acquainted with other Polynesian races. Who knows how the Samoan coins a fresh sorig for evory trifling incident, or, who lias heard (an Penrynn, for instance) a band of little stripling maids from 8 to 12 keep up thoir minstrelsy for hours at a stretch, one song following another without pause.' In likeimanuer the Marquesan, never industrious, begins now to cease alto gether, from production. The experts of the group decline, out of all proportion even with the death rate of thc islanders. " The coral waxes, the palm grows and man departs," says the Marquesan, and ho folds liis hands. And surely this is nature. Fond as it may appear; we labor and refrain, not for the rewards of any single life, but with a timid eye upon the lives nnd moinorios of our successors ; and where no one is to succeed of his own family, or his own'tonguc, I doubt whether tho Rothsohilds would make money or Oato practise virtue. ; It is natural also that a temporary stimulus should sometimes rouse tho Marquesan from hia lethargy. Over all tho landward shore of Anaho cotton, runs like a wild weed ; man or woman, whoever comes to pick it, may earn a dollar in a day ; yet when we arrived tho trader's store house .was. entirely empty, and before we left it.wns near full. So long as the oircus was there, so long as the Casco was yet anchored in the bay, it behoved everyone to. make his visit ; and to this end every woman must have a new dress and every man a shirt and trousers. Never before in Mr. Regler's ex- perionoo had they displayed so much activity. In their despondenoy there is an element of dread. The 'fear of ghosts and of the dark is very deeply written in the mind of the Poly nesian; not least of the Marquesan. Poor Taipi, the ohief of Anaho, was condemned to ride to Hatiheu on a moonless night.- He borrowed a lantern, sat a long while nerving himself for the adventure, and when he at last departed , wrung the Coscoes -by the hand as for a final separation. ' Certain presences, called Vehinehae, frequont and make terrible the nocturnal roadside; I was told by one - they wore like so muoh mist, and as the traveller walked into them dispersed, and dissipated ; another described them as being shaped like men and having eyes like; cats ; from riono could I obtain.the smallest clearness as to what they 'did or, wherefore, thoy. were dreaded.; lVe may be sure at least they-repre-. sent the dead, for the dead, in the minds of - the islanders, are aU-pervasive. -'."'When a- native says 'that he is a man," writes Dr. Codilington, " he : means that ho is a man and not a ghost ; not.-that he: is a man' .and not beast.- Tlie intelligent' agents of "this world; are 'to his mind the men who are alive, and the ghosts tho men whoare dead." Dr. Coddlngtoii speaks of Melanesia ; from, what , I have ' learned - his word are equally-true ot.tho Polynesian; : And yet more. Among cannibal PoIynesians a.dr'ead-' ful.-suspicibii rests , generally, on . tho dead arid the Mariquesans, the greatest cannibals . of -.all, are scaroe likely to be freo from' siinilar beliefs. ' I hazard tho'gaess.tliat the Vohinehae are; the hungry spirits of tho dead, continuing" /their life's business of the oannibal ambuscade, and lying everywhere . unseen, and.'-eager to devour the living. ; Another superstition I pioked up. through 'the troubled medium of Tair Coffln'sEnglish. The dead, ' he ! told ; me, camo and danced by night around the paepae of their former family; tho family wore thereupon- ovorcome by some emotion, but whether of pious sorrow or of fear I could not gather, arid must "make a feast,'! of which fish, pig and popio' were indispensable ingredients. So far, this is clear enough, But, here Tari; went on ; to in, stance the new house of Toraa, arid the house- wai-mingfeastwhich wasjust thenin preparation, as iristahces in point. Dare we, indeed, string them together, and add the case'of the deserted, ruin, as though thedead continually besieged the paepaes of the living, were kept at arm's length, ovon from the first foundation, only by propitia tory feasts, and so soon as the fire of life went out upon the hearth swarmed back into posses sion of their ancient seat! I speak by guess of- these Marquesan super stitions. On the cannibal ghost I shall return elaewhore with' certainty. And it is enough, for the present purpose, to remark that tho men of the Marquesas, . from -whatever reason; fear and shrink -frrim the - presence of ghosts. Conceive how this must tell upon the nerves in islands where; the number of the dead already so far exceeds that of the living, and the dead multiply and the living dwindle at so swift a rate. Conceive how. the- remnant huddles about the embers - of the fire of life; even as old red Indians, deserted . on the march and in tho snow, the kindly tribe all gone, the hut flaine expiring, and tHo night ' around populous with wolves. In tho whole of the United Kingdom there are no less than 405 private and 173 munioipal concerns, possessing 21,584 miles of gas mains, working on a capital of just under £60,000,000, earning nearly £16,000,000 nntl spending over £11,000,000 annually, and supplying no fewer than 2,274,105 consumers. The largest individual undertaking is tho London Gas, Light and Coke Company, whioh has a capital of over £8,000,000 supplies upwards of 209,014 consumers, aud has 1856 miles of gas mains, through which it circu lated last year 19,382,000,000 cubic feet of gas. Perhaps the most remarkable feature of the re; turns is tho evidence they nfford of the enormous growth of. tho gas- lighting -industry in spite of the development of the electrio fight ing. The amount of capital invested in private companies advanced from £28,589,148 in 1882 to £32,117,202 in 1889, and in municipal gas concerns from £17,326,183' in- 1882 to £21,669,780 in 1889, while the aggregate number of gas'co'nsumers' h'rij advanced during the same period from 1,971,971 to 2,244,105. From those figures it is plainly apparent that gas more than holda its own as a popular illuini- nant. ' -MK. lt. L. STEVENSON. ' 