THB MERCURY,1 I BOD ART- SATURDAY, JUNE ft 1891. I -.-, , ¡ . EPITOME OF NEWS, i , J 1 Cycling, 16 mde road raco at Now i Town this afternoon City Band concert at Exhibition building , to morrow night ; Mora tin discovonos of important naturo reported from East Coast [Annual poultry show Exhibition Building wednesday and Thursday next Samuel Cox died at Launceston Invalid Depot yesterday, aged 117 years ! Entries for Gampboll Town Show the most numerous received for some viare Half yearly report and balance shoot of National Bank of Tasmania is advertisod to %, Ir Poter Barrott has resignod his position a« chairman of the Launceston Technical School Board , ¡Rev. Mark Guy Pearse 'enthusiastically welcomed by crowded andiriiico at Tempér- ance Hall lost night, a A. A. Stephens, of Officer Cellego, baa London University Matriculation nation First diviaon honour list Barbour LighU, by tho Gerald Duff Dr», oatie Company, at Theatre Royal Initial performance Monday evening, under Vite regal patronage I - Boer trek said to bo abandoned Indian loan of 2' millioi s announced Mons Meg entered foi tho Ascot Gold Vase .> House of Commons has pui«cd Siini oni.lon of Sealing Bill t Auxiliary Squadron now on \oyago from England will probably visit liol art bofore laying up in Sydney Jews from South Russia uto fioparing i,o emigrate to Australia. . Gangor namud Whitfield killed on railway at Stawell yosteiday Rev Hermann Adler oloctod Ohiof R ibljl of Hebrew coiígrcgütiorís ' Chilian rebel ciutsera Kiata and Tocopolla ' liavo suriondercd to Amoricm fleet-. Atiplo Portuguese Afric in Convention will probably ho ratified without delay. I I U I i ,K I Wheat returns show diminishment of soven bushels per aero bolow previous year's yield. Admiralty considor it would bo unsafe to lot now Australian cruisers attompt to round Capo Leeuwin. Strong banking combination in Now York to maintain uniform ratos of .interest and rogulnto gold export. 1 ' Captain Chapman, charged vv ith carelessly navigating the ship T. H. Scammoll.is to bo c1 ¡initially prosecuted. Premier of Queensland suggests that tho colony should'join with thoroatof Australia in contributing to naval dofeucos. , ,. , j 1 Colonol Goldstein, giving evidonco bofor'o, Charities Commission in Molbouino, has trenchantly condomnod present systems,,of. dispensing relief. * '?" " Agonta-Gonoral havo returnod ,to London Í'rom tljo .Vienna, Postal Congroas.'. Timos elicitatos Sir Saul'Samuel'and Sir Graham Berry on their oloquonco.1- ' " ' : i ' ' j i 11 ' ' The Paris coi respondent of, The^Times, who has peculiar facilities, for obtain ing accurate information, makes some startling statements on the subject of the migration of Jews. He explains, whether correctly or not we cannot say, that the chief cause for the action of Russia in expelling the Jews, is the fear that the native population will be overwhelmed by them There are, it is stated, five millions ,of Jews in Russia at the present time," but they are so prolific that it is estimated that in 40 years 'they will master the native race, which ' is powerless to contend against them." This is an ad- mission, of course, that the Jews are superior both physically and mentally to the native Russian, who is destined to succumb unless strong measures, are taken. The EMPEROR, therefore, urged on by the Synod and the ortho- dox followers of the' Greek Church, has decided that the country, shall be rid of them, no matter whither they may go, or what trouble they may cause to other peoples. Tho action is taken ostensibly on the technical grounds that the Jews have not kept within the districts appointed for them, but the real cause of what is done is the fear of a people, who are absorbing so much power in various ways. This action, this compulsory exodus of a people who are driven out in poverty, has caused serious alarm in all the centre of population in 'Europe,' in some of which the anti-Semitic feeling is very strong. ' It is already evident that precautions will be taken on the Continent of Europe to keep out this undesirable population, whilst it is now almost certain that Great Britain, too,' will have to recognise the fact that her shores are being sought by a people who can only add to tho poverty and misery at the East End of London Already we see that it is argued that if the United States are 'justified in keeping out the Chinese and coolies, it tho colonies have good warrant for doing tho same thing,'surely it is com petent for Great Britain to pro- tect herself from such a flood of misery and may be disease, since the overcrowding which must fol low cannot but be dangerous to health. No one doubts, we suppose, that every nation has a right to pro tect itself from an immigration of undesirable persons. Germany, ' for example, would not allow Russia to drive the Jews or any other race over her borders.and has shown as much very many times; Great Britain, has, of course, a similar right, but she will not exercise it unless she is menaced with a grave danger That such a danger is feared; is shown by the fact, that already the necessity of taking precautions has been mooted, and if the influx is to go on, as it threatens, something will have to be done to avert so terrible an evil as the arrival of cargoes of misery on her shores. The most startling fact of the whole business is, however, tho statements made ' by The Times correspondent about what happens to these unhappy people when they reach London, to which place they all' make as tho only refuge that they can find. Those who know the East End of England's huge metropolis are aware that there is already a large Jewish colony there, which deals in all sorts of odds and ends,, and gets its living in various ways not calculated to improve' the condition of the working man. These people havo a language of their own", described as a mixture ' of German and Hebrew, as can be seen by the inscriptions over the shops where all sorts of things are sold. The fact was recognised at the last genoral election, »lion some of the candidates issued bills .-written in this Hebrew-German.some specimens of which have reached those colonies Nor is this, it appears, all or the worst It is affirmed by this Paris correspon- dent that in this quarter of the city there is every Sunday a veritable slave market, where men are sold as much as in any slave market of Africa. He says that beside the Sunday market, where all sorts of things are sold, theto is " an 'enslaved population, having no I connection with any other, which re- mains at this very hour a startling fact, and one of which I would not venturo to write unless I were speaking oi London, whoio my facts may be verified-I mean a market of men hidden in a noisome enclosure" He states ' that every Sunday a line of mon may ' bo seen diawn up against a wall, and that these mon nie actually sold: to such as come theie iu search of woikinon. Thoso men have been driven out of Russia, they arc ignorant of the language of the country in which they are, they have no friends/no employment, and bo they are compellod to accept whatever is offered thom They are sold for from £2 to £3 each, that is, their ser- vices aro disposed of for this amount, the only payment which they receive 'being from 2s. to 3s. a week, and their food and ' lodging aro hornblo in ¡the exticme They havo agreed to | pay back a ceituin sum of money if they break thou engage- ments, and as they havo no friends, f no means of miling, no chance of ob- taining a living otherwise, they prac- tically remain slaves woiked from morning till night without rest and I without hope Such a state of affairs as this clearly demands itnmediatoand vigorous action of some kind, and mostc3rtainly action to prevent tho hordes of theao misei able people being increased. This is a condition of things which cannot bo let alone, which common humanity de- mands should not bo let alono, not only for tho sake of tho pooplo of London, but foi the sake of the Jews them- selves. It is satisfactory to know that certain leading mon in public life havo had an interview with Baron 'Rothschild, who has" given them good hope, and that Baron Unison has done the same. It is proposed to legislate so that only those who have means to support themselves or some special qualifications shall bo allowed to enter England, but the others, the unskilled, the poverty stricken, who are driven ruthlessly out of Russia, aie to bo piovided for somo whero else. Baron Hiusou, it is enid, has agreed to find £3,000,000, to purchase laud in some distant country jwhcio thoie will bo loom mid scope for them, whilst it < is expected that the rich Jews 'all over the world will sub- scribe, and , so make the fund a very large one. Where the, land is to be bought is not stated.; These colonies will, we think, hardly tolerate an in flux of people 'of 'the kind, but it is probable that a place will be found in South America, probably in Argentina, where they can, settle and retrieve their shattered ' fortunes. Humanity must make us 'all hope that what is proposed will, be done, and done at once,,and, that 'tho" .Russian Govern- ment is really, as reported, ready to help Baron HIRSCH in tho good work, shamed into that action by the outcry throughout the civilised world. The boáfding-out of destitute children in Tasmania'¿oat tho country list year ¿C1,W8 17s.'' Cd ; tho total number of children thus provided for i being 110, abd the cost per head £11 7b. 8'd., tho allowance being»t the rate of fls. per week, which covors actual maintenance, clothing purchased, and salary of inspecting officor. Tho total has been reduced to tho nott total named by repay fncnta from relativos, and the expenditure Is ¿511 2s. Gd. less than the amount voted hy Parliament. Tho period* for nhich children were maintained varied from 7 to 352 days, the average nura ber of days being *t04J, Economical administiation could scarcely be carried flu- ther, nnd, judging from tile official report, everything necessaiy to be ensured as re gards the comfort ,.aud welfare of the children has been attained. The annual inspection of children boarded. Í in the, city of hobart and suburbs, w'K.oli look ttli| form of a surprise visit, gave the co»mlttee every rcuson to be satisfied with the appear- ance the cliildron presented. With but one solitary exception tho j children were well and comfortably elad, and seoined .happy ' and contented. Ino foster parent« reside in rcspcctablo localities, and the provision made for «looping accommodation and the food sup I plied met with tho approval of thccommltUe. Coitificutcs as to school attendance were on tho ¡¡whole satisfactory, and a» a natural | result of good lodging, food, and clothing, tho committco report an almost entire ab- sence of illness among their young charges. Foster children, apprenticed by the com nvitteo havo caused very little trouble and' 1 ropo1! ts from' Polip» ïîlagtatratee and Warden« As to tho ¿¿nditlonoí,apprentices,land the '¿aturo a,nd ox»ent #i tho iwork ,th»y)at«< called upon topeÉrfófm btv« been mtißfiü-, , i/i Jmiri J 'j.i 'j . > > L " * MJUV'U .1! .« lory'.* Dui ing tho yca'r payment« amounting I to £131 Hs. 8d. wore made'to ISapprenticci who bud arrived at tho ago of l8 years, and whoie conduct during apprenticeship had hecn «uoli a« to entitlo them to reçoive the »mount standing to their oredit in the Savings liink. Tho children's deposithooks, 77 in number, wero mudo up at the end of Ktbiunry, uiid-Jho(ui)iouiit, to their oredit mi? £313. 18ÍÍ" 4d Since that dato p»y iiu'iits iimoiiuting to £13 8s. 3d. havo licen Minde, making u total up to April l8, date of thoieportof £327 0a. 7d. The Ropoitot tho LutiiicWon Boiievolont »SJ-icty for the year 1800, which ha» recently Iilcii issued, states that tho Society has completad its jubilee, having brou estab- lished in 1810. No speciul subscriptions, or speeiiil action of any kind, seemed to lune in.iiked tho event, though tho occa- sion was1 one on which something of I ||e Tpntf might well havo hei-n d.>ne. "Jluiingjiboyi'ar relief was giveu to 130 men, UJS women, and 240 children,' milking a total of 007 porsons relieved. It is worthy of noto that tho Society is actually lelicving one case which has been 21 years ou the books, another l8'years, another IS years, whilst some havo been on the books for ö,'37'lO, und 2'ycars, Wo presumo that I li esc arc cases in which «arno bodily infirmity incapacitates from work. .At Christmas tiu,c tho Society in two wcoks distributed the following supplies :-2,112.1)3. of bread, 1,00611)8. of hoof and suet, 4331b«,, of flour, I Killis, of sugar, 15511)8. of ta, 121lbs. of uuirants, , T24lbs. of luisiuu, und. 167 packets of spiee. Tho Tiousuroi'» state* incut fishows a hillanco ¡ in bund of m 12s. lOd, ngaiudfc £102 15s. at the closo of tho pravious your. In 1890 the Society iclioved 145 moro cases than iu IS80, and there aro now 10 moto casui on tilt* books than in that year. ïïcfcicncc is mule to tho Chailty Oigauisations Con feiouce, whieh was held In the Town Hall, .Melbow no, in November last, ,at which llic Socioly wa« roprcsentcil, antrat,which Mr. Birchall read a pap-, giving pat tioulsra uf tin1 milking of tho Launceston Sooiccy for ,i(l years. Tho chairman reported to ¿he lioaitl that the' idea moat i prominent in several of the papers was tho I making of clarity a mattsrjof mathematical science. Wo hope, that the /papers allowed hmv this could,fbe, done. The, , íeport silted that tho Society is considerably in advance of many similar institutions in New South Wales and Victoria in it« niolhod of administering relief, and in its simple and effective wuy of management. The total receipts for the yeal woie £1,070 Ils lid., ot which amount £301 ' 153. con sistcd of contributions, and tho expenditure uni less that amount by tho balance in limul _ I I I What is called the black-mail business on the West Coast has not died out yet, although the Department thought that it was strain-led in rcd-tapo. Our Zeehan uiuespondenti states that the persons who oiiginally made tho statement are prepared to pi ove tho truth of what they said, and are most indignant at tho report that they lure retracted their charges. We, our- selves, havo received somo information on the subject, which points clearly enough to the laol that the system has bcon in force, though whothcr it actually exists at the pioscnt timo wc aro quito unablo to iii j. It is not at all aurpi ¡slug that the Department got hold of , nothing tangible, as it has hardly gono about the business in the right wuy to sccme success, and even if it had adopted tho right com se, it is hardly probublo that it would be able to sheet homo a particular charge. Yet, it is quito possible, and sec ma cxtiomoly pro- bable, that the public knows of ' many cases of the kind, although tho De- partment is unablo to got-any clear inhumation. Hem is a fact which the Department may inquire into. Some appli- cants for sections havo got their surveys promptly done, done prior to others whose applications were earlier made, whilst some have had to wait for mouths, and some who have so waited aro súd to bo waiting still. What is the reason of this 1 An endeavour to answer this question may put tho Depart- ment on tho track of something woith know '»g- < __________ ') A cuiuous blunder has boon going tho round of tho papers of lata in the reviews of Dr. SmilcB1 hook A Vxihlisher and his Friends. The publisher v>as Murray, . tho famous Mulray who published Uyron'a poems, and was culled by him anal* of publishers. This is, we need hardly say, a very common (iicck word, which nieauB prince or leader, hut seems to have misled the critics, for they keep on calling Murray " tho Anak of publishcis." Kow, ho was, 'no doubt, tho prince of publishers of his day, but ho was nota giant, nor was it at all likely that Hy ion would have called him one. The latest appearance of this blunder is in last S-nlmûay'B Aryv8. Summary ton Europe.-Our letter Home, containing a recoul of the events foi tho past foitnight, will be found on the fourth pago of this day's ¡bsuo. Our Supplément to-day contains : Supicme Court, Itev, Maik Guy Pearse, Mining, Stock and Sharo Markot, Lauuoes ton, Football, Country Ne« a, Influonra, Melbourne and Sydney Ladies' Letters, How Colonial Beer is Made, and advertisements. West Coa« Mails.-Owing to tho con- tinued failure of the contraotoi for tho Car- riage of mails between Strahan and Komine to fulfil tho conditions imposed hy tho department his contract has been cancelled. It has been transferred to Messrs. Androw Hi »s. and Kerr, and Mi. Magiath, tho secretary, anticipates that they will cairy it eut in a manner satisfactory to all. _ He is conhdont, too, that complaints as to ii i éga- lai i ty will now be a thing of tho past. Tasmanian Exhibition.-For the second time Messrs, Morton und Fitzgerald* were the only members of the Southern Com- mittee who attended tho meeting adjourned to last ovening. Those gentlemen decided to recommend that Mr. W. B. Gilbert be appointed agent and canvasser for tho South. It was intimated tliut sovciil manufacturers in the South had pioiniscd to exhibit, and1 this portion of the island would ho Well represented, and also that Messrs, Fitzgerald and Morton would wait on tho Treasurer to ask that the Govern munt should concedo duty free, importation of wines for sale in tho building. / i National Bamc or Tasmania. - The twelfth report of this institution, with balance sheet, profit and loss account, and auditor«' report for half year ending May 31, appears In our advertising columns. It is to he submitted to the shareholders at the half-yearly meeting to be held at the Banking-house, St. John street, Launceston, on Thursday, June l8. The statement of account« shows that a net profit of £7,780 19«, 8d. remuins at the credit of profit and loss account, which it is proposed to distri- bute u« follows : dividend at the rate of 8 p«i cent. p*rannum,£4,8Q0; dividend tax, £180; *dd Uff-- < rve Fun d£l,OO0, carry forward *H,8WlSrcr-oU Thcso results »re regarded as oxccedingly-natiifactory, ai-il the dirootor» anticipate that with the successful develop meat of tho silver fioldu, the expansion, of business would become more manliest. Two agencies have been established during the half year, onu at Whyte River and,the othor »t Mount Dundas. ' 'i ?> l ' ' (i JJ The Buildimi Dmioi/^rv. - The_ca(liiS MU ItrHhe recent '(lifToreneV between the builders, con|riotors,and architects, has now beeu satisiactori'y removed by a concession on tho pait of Ih ' ai chilena of the, demands of the contractors. Tim remit is not sur- mising, when it is considered the Minister of Lands, after oou.lilting with hi« d*p-rt montal chiefs, immediately accepted the eon-' dixons submitted by the Association, It is satisfactory tho difficulty lins been success- fully overcome. ! IL" I I S.T. AiiTiLLisnY.-The Acting Conallan-, darit Inspects this branch of the Dofoiico_ Forceen Monday evening ut'7.30 o'cloolf," on whioh ocoosiou every mon is expected to bo présent, i < , . i . i > i < ' < .,n < m i i iMh» . i- " .>.' , Gi.KHoiiciiv Election.-At the Tomplura' i Ila!, New Town, on tho 01 cuing of Thura* jd.-.y last, ¡Mr. S. li. Burrows,' one of tim icandidates at tho recent Glenarchy election, ¡took occasion to thank the members of his ¡committee for their efforts on his' behalf. ¡Tho hull was gaily dcco-iitcd with flag', land tea wub put taken of by upwards of 50 i of the committee and their.'wives.,, Tho ¡musio, recitations, etc., by well-known ¡amateurs, followed, uf or which Mr.:.Bur- rowa give a short ntl ii res», in which ho I thanked his Biippurtorj for all they hdd-dono for him, Ucsu'd liowuHiiot/atulltliBuouragcd ? by the result of the contest, tilt ough un satisfuotory in som« rú-poets,' ho ruther 'lookrd upon it as a great moral -victory, Ho ;was proud to think- that ho bud no paid 'canvassers, ami that to many li-ti voluu. ,tcored and worked hard for his return. The ¡number of votes pulled in his favour led him ,to promise that if the elector» wanted him i to stand again he wus their mun. 'In any 'cato ho would ever remember with gratitude the assiituiiuo rendered bim by thone pro .sent. The meeting appeared to bo thoroughly enjoyed by all, and the hops was expressed ¡that the next gathering nf the kind would ¡bo to commemorate tho return of Mr. Burrows lo Parliament. The singing of the National Anthem bi ought tim proceed- ings to a close. CiTV roLirii Coi'iiT.- YeatoHny nofore the r.ilioo Magistrate, Air. \V, Tarleton, and Mr. W G Gilmon, J.P., Ellen Toohin, ¡who jilmittod being di mik und diao durly overnight in Liverpool sln'i't wm fined 10k. Od., or l-l days. Julia Sh lwoll, for being drunk and incapable, hal to pay 5s., in default 7 dajs. The uhaigu ugulnst Win. (Marley and .Ino. Marlay, ? f stealing from ¡the person "of G. A. Dowsing, was with- drawn, tho poliro bavin; no cviiloneo to ofTor Theywoip neem dingly diBchnrged. 'Wm Sykes admitted diiving a horse lu'taohed to a duty while it was suffering from a defectivo knee joint. Ho w*a'micd j20s. and costs. R. Johnson, tor ii-lnc; obsceno language in the public ali net, wan ¡ordered lo na^SOs. titi,, or go to (/uni for a month, 1'ilizibelh Hopkins -wiih elim get! with neglecting to sonu Arthur Hopkins, a boy _ of whom she wat the gum dum, to (school. She pet sis1 ed in asset ting thut |Bhe took the lud"lo school hoisolf. After hearing the evidence «n both sidcH, tho Bondi decided the lad "was lieyond the old [woman's control and recommended her lo 'have him sent to tho Boya' Home. Sim declined, but pi- onii;cil" to tiiko him and deliver iiiui to the schoolmistress ovcry day 'and the ¡ufoiinatiou was dismissed. Chus. 'Snow admitted neglecting to neild Iii« son to ^kool as required by the Education Act, and 'was fined 5s., cods remitted. John Rowell pleaded guilty to a like ? offence, but said that his girl wiib over ami 'his boy under the ago mentioned iii; tho Act. ahe Truant Officer stated' thatHho mother gave a tlllfeieut version of the chil- dren's age?, and at first snirl they attcitdcd ¡Behool. Aftoi wards she' admitted that the ¡girl had been sent out to eui n n few (billings. The father of the uhildn n gave the age of tho giri Rebecca ns 1.1, and th.- liny ' John as betwoeu six and Bevon. The Bondi g>ive defendant the benefit of the doubt, und dis : missed the infmnintion, recommending that 'the boy he sent to school in future/ This 'the father ptomlsed to do.1' John Burns admitted'allowing his horses to stray in tho ¡streets at New Town, and had to pay a fine lof 5s. and costa. John Henderson, 'who i failed to appear, was charged with allowing .his cow to stray at Now Town on tho 30tll 'May last. The cana waa heard ex parte, proved, and a fine of 5s. and costs inflicted. The Court rose at 11.45 Hobart Fuoit Boaud.-This Board met last evening, all inombe'r« being present. Minutes of former meeting were read and confirmed. Corresnindciico was also road and doalt with. Tlia chairman", «'a«\".iti. structed to insert notices in tho] "papers, drawing attention^ of orchard¡8tsJto"'t'no neoessity of removing and cloiinalng ull banduges on or before July 1,'next. ,1'ho annual fruitgrowers' roll, pn pared hy tho ohairman, was laid on tho table for inspec- tion. Nevin'« patent fruit packer was also laid on tho table. Tho busincssjjoing con-' eluded, the Board then roso. HOIIART I'AULIAMfcKTAIlY DeISATINO AS- SOCIATION'.-At last night's meeting of this association a large number of members at- tended, Bovcral new liicmb -rs behn- intro- duced and taking their scats, there being as well a fair attandnnco of visitors. Tho dork having read the record of tho previous week's proceedings, notices of questions wcro given with referenco to the duties on sheep and cattle, the floating of a loan, and tho construction of railways hy private syndi- cates. A notice of motion relating lo taxes or mining industries was given, and tho do bate on the financial statoment, delivered by Mr. E. Hawson, was resumed by Mr. J W. Israel, aud he was followod by Messrs. F. Tyson, S. P. Crisp, R. 8. Hales, Jas. Long- more, W. Jarvis, 0. Kalbfell, H. C. Penn Smith, and C. Hamilton. Mr. E. Hawson replied, and the debato closed, an adjourn- ment being then niado till next week, it being announced that next business would be the discussion of motions with referenco to higher education, and the taxes on mining industries. University ok London" -Tho friends of Mr. Arthur A. Stephens, of Officer Collego, will be ple.isod to hear that ho has hoon suc- cessful in pasting the Matriculation Examina- tion of tho above University, and has been placed in tho first division honour list. Glasgow University.-At tho gradua- tion ceremony at this University in April last, Professor Dickson presented the follow- ing gentlemen, on whom it had bcon resolved to confer tho dogrco of Doctor of Divinity : -Rov. Joseph Agar Moot, Professor of Theology, \Vcsloyan CoIIego, Richmond ; Rev. Robert Blair,'M.A., Minister of Cum bualand ; Rev. Thomas Campbell Finlayson,' Minister of the Congregationul Church, Rushholmc, Manchester; Rev. James Scott, Minister of Presbyterian ' Church, Hobart Town, Tasmania, Moderator-elect of tho Fodoral Assembly of tho Australasian Church ; Rov. Rotorb Stewart, B.D., Minister of New Greyfriars Church, Edin- burgh j Rev. Walter Ross Taylor, Ministor of Free Church, Kolviuside.' In ivferenco to the' Rev., James Scott, Professor Dickson said : - "I have 'to request',,that the, degree may bo conferred in absentia on the Rev. James-Scott, Minister of tho Presbyterian Church, Hobart, Tasmania. Educated at this Uniycrsity, and originally destined for the United Pres- byterian Church, Mr. Scott early placed his services at the disposal of thot Colonial Church, first in Victoria', aiul subsequently in Tasmania, whero . ho succeeded the lato Dr. Service, and threw liimsoif into tho work, not morely of his own ¡congregation^ but of tho 4f,isnianiun Church, with enorgy and success. He lias , shown much publie spirit, ospeeittlly in promoting higher educa- tion und iu helping forward the movement which has led to tho formation of a Tasma- nian .University, ou tho Council of, which-hoi lisa been cultcci to serve. Mr. Scott bus just been selected to fill the eminently honour?', nblb position of Moderator ,'ofi the no,xt, Federal . Assembly 'of tho ' Australasian, Churches, and the' deeasiou is a fit one for showing that tho University is not unmind- ful of hor absent son.''1 ''' . '' " ' ' Tin. Law. Mr. L. A. Walkkr.-Tho romaica of the late Mi. Louis A. Walker1 were interred at the Q leenborough Ceme- tery yeBtorduy moining. JChoie was a lui go attendance of tho fiiends and coniru les-of 'deceased, und deep wei e the oxprcBsioni of reglet at his untimely fate, and of sympathy with his relations. ' Unknown FniLMrt.-Yesterday 'Mr. L ' Lodge receivod an anonymous donation, of £20, and Mr, G. S. Crouch £2 2s., in «id of the gratuitous distribution of tho PiopU'ti friend, an example that many moro might follow, and thus increase the spread of this ¡valuablo help to the temporáneo cuuse, , Legacy to till, Biblis Society.-At ,tho last meeting of the committee of the Southern Tasmanian Auxiliuty to tho Bible Society thoticaauicr(Mr. W.A. Woymputh) intimated, that Mr. John Mitchell, as executor of the will of the lato Mi John llule, of 1 lobait, liad handed to him the Ruin of £150, being a legacy for tho ,use of, the Bible Society. 1 Crrv Mission:-The usual mpnthly com- mittee meeting was held In the Y.St C.A. Hall on Thursday, 'the'dth 'inst. Present Mesdames Baily, Dostjetor, Morris, Mitchell, Miller, Mackoy, Seabrook, and Wilkins, and Ö, J. Cato (lion, sec.).- The minutes of last meeting wera read and confirmed: " 'Mr. Lake furnished bia report, for the months of April and .May, which was of an enoouiagitig naturo, ajuljpga\e m omise of good rosults. A dlscnçslon yiaucil as to tho best men na of extcnding¡tli,e,Wuik,I')i.[tCL which ,tlie|pieot-i ing closed, Citt Band. -This'Band give' a sacred concert in tho Exhibition-building on Sun- day night at S.15, a feature of which will he a baritone duet by Messrs Cripps Bios. ' Aiti'Knoon GovcuiT.-In îoaponso to a generally o\pi cased (leslie Mcbsis. Arnold and Barnett have decided on giving another of their, delightful afternoon organ and violin rcoitalson Wednesday afternoon next, june 10, at 4 o'clock, ino Town Hall notyct being closed for îepairs. In vuw'oL the svccqsB attondant on, their former pro ¿numma (ho same lines willi bor folio iv o J in compiling tho forthcoming ono. , ÏTiB PijONocitU'ii.-jTho return visit of Edison's,,celebrated phonopiph has boon fixed for'thc 12th tóri3lh ínsjj.^u ¿ ' ,¡., > , TliEATiiiOAr,.- Amongst.tho paasongors b . thfl .«"?. Botokino," whlcll > adlod for Nov ! ¡iealailu1 '"St night, wcro the members o Kirby Dr».'"ll"0Ooiiipiny, who opea shortlj i in Dunedin*/ They havo recently beei organised lu MciV'ouino.-and carno to Habar by tho,« s. llnuroto,,w,',i'cli arrived onThurs l duy last, and traiisfcrvi'd to the other boat i 'I ho company compilée' Messrs. Stoolo, W (J. Carey, Grenfell, Palmer, Inglis, Mi« Bi ssio Vivian and ótheis. ' , ,, Ciidkoii Sehviuim.-The order of service at several of tho city churches to- morrow, Is as folio« s : -At the Tabernacle, Ellüaboth strcor, Pastor McCulloiigh prcaahai morning lind evquing ; aud' on the Rev*. O. W. Sharp iluv/ilvcs, siini'iu'duty at|thu Moiuoiiul Con- grega! onul Church'; Coniii|unioii will le lutiiiinitteicd nt this chure'i after tho morn- ing soi vice. Rev. Dr. Scott conducts both si'ivices at St}' Amliow's Piesbyteiian Chin eh; and ihe Rev. - C. If. Talbot occupies ibu pulpit at Chalmers Près bytin ian I'luirch, At St. John's Pres- byterian Chuicb, M.icquario-strec-t, Rev. I K. Meliitytc olla ¡aten, und administers Communion nt moriiing service. At Mel- ville stioel Weshiyan Church R-;v. M. O. Pcaihi jit( iu-Iich twice, and tho Rov, D S. Lindsay tukes thoinoiiiiiig service at Davey uti cot. Mi. Ü. XV. Ife uiijl tho Mission Bund divi.'c diitici at Uigh-strccl ; Rev. R, \V. Thom son gooi to Brown's River in the afternoon, and Mr. W. .Smith to Lansdowne cr^sueur. ut 7 o'clock iii the evening. >, . St. John's Ciiukuh, fiiiui.iiuiiN-STit.EET. The musical poi tiou of tbo st rvico to-morrow will bo: M.iUns, li o'ooek-Prelude, oigan, " Lnrglulto," fiom violin concerto in C¡, Spoin-; haiiiionUud monótono responses, Tillis; Te Deum und UenuHclux, Dykes in F ; Litany, hnrniciiiscil monotone ; postludc, " Gloria in Excelsis," (3rd Mass), Haydn. EveiiBong, 7 p.m. -I'reludo, organ; " With vuiduro elad {Creation, Huydn) ¡ responses, i'J'illis feétival ; Maimißcat -'and '.¿vwjic flimitlis, Picker in F; 'anthom, "0 lovo the ? ord all ye lils siintu," Fowle ; post!nile, OlFortuiro in G, Woly. 1 St GtouoK's, BATTEnv I'oint. - 7 he Kuv U. Dixon is the prcuchor at the evening service tit St. George's Church, Buttery Point, to morrow. His subject i* " The Eather'« Wolco ne to ,the Piodlgal." Ser lice commences at 7 o'clock. Sr. Maky's Cathkdha*..-Sorviccs in con- nection with the Mission of the Passionist Eathers uri- announced to ,take place in St. Mary's Cathedial1 to- morrow at the : fol- lowing hours :-Muss will bo celebrated at 8 a.m., and childi en's Mass an hour later. There will bo High MasB mid »orman at 11 o'clock, confirmation at 3 o'clock, and tho concluding services of tim Mission commence at 7 p.m. On that occasion there will be a Sei mon, Solemn ' Renewal.' of iJaptismal Vows, tho Conferring of the Papal Benedic- tion, to lie followed by Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. ' , DAVKV-STitfafaT Wkslbvah Ciiuboii". -In conséquence of the visit of tho Ruv. M. G. Pi aiue, und with a view , to admit the con- gi egation of the Davey- streot Wosluyau Church hearing that distinguished,divine, cicuing service at tho church to-morrow has been dispensed with. , ', Guild or Pehsevjíkavoi'.-In connection wah tho Guild of Perseverance of St D ivitl's, a concert is announced to be held in tho schoolroom, Harrington- street, on Tuesday evening next. An unusually uttrac (tiic programme is promised. , Conduit at Nbw Town.-Mr. W. Mackenzie announces a classical and popular ¡concert at the Templars' Hall, New Town, on Munday, tho full programme of which will appear in that day's issue. Phokkssou GoiiLKDUE.-Last night Pro fcRsor Golledgo gavo an interesting and in- structive physiognomical entertainment, 'illustrated by musks and oleographs, and ifiiicceeilcd in thoroughly enlisting tho interest of his audience. Ho dealt with eyes, nosoe, 'oycbtowB, and wrinkles; and after the ¡address the Professor again gave a display of charuoter-readiug, and very favourably impressed his 'audience with his kuowlcdgo of the subject. i Bl-ilouhs' and Contractors' Associa- tion.-A general meeting of mombero of the Builders' and Contractors' Association will .bo held at tho Temperance'Hall on Tuesday 'evening next. ." Cami'uk'.l Town Show -The fifty-third -annual exhibition.of. the Midland Agricul ttm al Association will be_ held at Campbell Town ou Wednesday,'Julie 10. In connection with the event return tickets at single fares will bo iîSued to Campbell Town from all stations on the Malu Line, Western Line, and Eingul Line on Tuesday, 9th, and by morning trains on Wednesday, Juno IO, available for return till tho following Monday. On show day reduced faros will bo cb urged for tickets to Campbell Town by the 8 a.m train fiotn Hobait from places as ,far us Brighton. Cycling.-A 16 mile cycling road race 'will bo run this afternoon under tho auspices of the Ramblers' Bicyclo Club, The ¡courso is from Cooloy's Hotel to Bl idgewater and back. Tho race starts at 3 o'clock. i Bellerive Spouts.-Acceptances forthese spoitscloso to-day. Unclaimed Telkorams.-Messages, ad- dressed-Thos. McDonald, Terminus Hotel ; Mrs. Gornon, Liverpool-street ; and Thos. Parker, All Nations Hotel, await claimants at this office, Tasmania. - " Anglo-Australian " writes in tho European Maaol May 1 :-Tasmania had'quite a field day on April 20. On the ovomug of that day a largo gathering was held in Queen-square, London, to hear Sir Edward Braddon give an extempo- raneous address on the resources of tho island colony. Tho audience was very appreciative, and belonged to the upper class, Mr. ß. Bruce, M.P. for the Holborn Divis'on of Finsbury, moved a vote of thanks to tho lecturer, and In his address dwelt at some length upon the desirability of securing the at- tachment of the colonies lo the Mother Country, and he cxpatiuteJ also on I the increasing necessity that exists for a 'closer und more intelligent study by mern .bora of Parliament, as well as by others, of -all colonial questions and interests. Mr. A. Dobson, .Solicitor-General of Tasmania, ,who was also present, addressed the gather- ing in a few well-choson words, pointing jout how meetings such as this tended to 'extend England's knowledgo of her colonial 'possessions, and ccmont the bonds that ¡unite the various members of our great ¡Empire. While I was iu the office of the ¡Tusmanian Agency, tho other day, the ¡formal application of Messrs. Sutton and' ¡Sons, tho Queen's seedsmen, of Reading, carno iu for space at the Launceston Exhi- bition. , . , j Mn. Parnell's Bukt.-At the half-yearly ¡meeting of tho Belfast brauoh of the Irish (National Federation of. Forestéis, hold on ?April 23, a resolution vías adopted, after a .lively discussion, wich only two dissen- tients, to remove tho bust of Mr. Parnell fiom tho lodge room. Later a member of ,tlie lodge, who is a liconaed,'auctioneer, put tho bust up foi- sale. Thora was only ono bidder, to whom the bust was knocked down for tho sum of 2Jd. ' MARRIED TOTHh WltONfi MAN.-t-A COUplo from tho Eccloshall ucighbouihood recently vent to Stufibul with tho intention of being man ¡ed ut the office of the Superintendent registrar. They wore accompanied by another mau-au ex- soldioi with several in idols-and a woman ob witnesses, As tho formalities piocooded the (non in iiomc way got mixod, und the declara- tions which should have como from tho intended bridegroom-a countryman-wero actually mudo by tho mo.« active and ready ex soldier, who also pioducod the ring and placed it on the woman'*, finger. It was only when tho register carne,to be,signed that tho mistake was discovered, whereupon the pirtioB wishod the ceremony, repeated in its intended order, but the superinten- dent registrar declined to proceed further until he had taken, the advice of the Registrar . General with , respect to the singular complication. That offi- cial, replying to a communication from Mr. Morgan, says:-"Although the obtusencss of tho people whose ciso you feportjs .well nigh incredible, it .appear» that the whole affair was a mere blnnder, which might have been put right on the spot by the recital of tho words ef declara- tion and contract." "He advises that the registrar should obtain tho immediate at- tendance of the parties at his office with witne'Bes, and that they should be remarried and a new entry of the marrlago' made. , Tiri: Pasting Craze.-Referring to the recent fasting ordeals in Gi cat Britain and America, the Aiclepiad is of'opinion that we may now assume that a 40, or 421 days' fast with continuance of life ia well within the order of natural phenomena^ and that tho human body lins a possible power of en- durance from 10 to 11 days .beyond what has recently boon attempted, tho extreme! limit being 5.1 to 55 days. It follows that the technical opiuion on fasting that will havo to be gi\ cn in coroners' courts and in courts of justice, ss well as the opinion that will lia vc lo bo mi ittcn in technical and standard wotha of medical jurisprudence, must in future he cousidoiably modified., Another lesson is that life eau bo sustained for a long time by water alone. The writer of tho article further notes the curious fact that where the disposition to starve goes with tho starving, the powers of enduianco ,are im- mensely pi olouged. . ''¡»Ki - I r' Ashes to . Asiiks, Dust to Dust.-A Paris editor has leen inquiring of the chief writer« of his country whether they would rather be cremated or buried. It is, liter« ally, a gravo question, hut (»ays a London Writer), one regrets to find that soaio of them do not take it with sufficient serious- ness. " Your question, my dear conjrtre," I replies M. Francois Coppec, " reminds me of the culinary recipe-' Tho rabbit wants lo bo skinned allvo ; the huro prefers to wait/ I um Uko the hare." M.1 Henri de Hornier is also in favour of adjourn I mont-" To bo reduced to pulp or ashes ? Well, I would rather not mako my choice just now." M.' Alphonse Daudet is also of opinion that the question isa little "pre- vious.''' ' As' to?'being "either buried or burnt, I must say they,strike me at prosoot as being equally disagreeable."!, ¡ ',' Burned, burnud 7" says M. Sardón,' " it will give 'mo much pleasure'to'be1 fciirni." The replies of those geulleinom wiltcmrtainly strengthen the popuhu-boliof thatFrcHctimcn are inclintd tohefriiolonur Pet-0 Hyacinth' is careless about tho matter ;. " the essential' thing is not to bo buried alive." M, Zola leaves tho ol'oicc to the decision, of his surviving rela- tives, l M, Jules' Simon also1' leaves " the alternativo of cinerarium1 or the' manure heap " to lils offspring-,, "whichever may cause thom ' the least horror." The only literary gentleman-who " dropB into poetry" on the subject is M. Armand Sylvestre, .who " prefers tho ' ground from which flowers spring for lo/ers bo that' Infinit:»' space in which the stars are- perhaps .only the latest lie of tho gods," _ , L ,¡ ' i ,' I 'An Untimely Fiiaiid.-Thoro are degrees of wretchedness even in practical jukes, The imbecile who dresses up as u ghost to frig/iten woman aud1 children- does- not de- serve " to bo, put^to death to slow musio" so much'as,the idiot who pointu a gun at you in fun ; ho ought «n'y,, to bo vary s-iundly wliippel. And tht-ro ,are muny practical jokes of an uninten- tionally harmless kind, thmigh they are all abominable. One very common cxamplo (sly* a London correspondent) is the putting an immense olojk outside your shop, appa- rently for the public benefit, and then neglcctlug to 'keep it going. This almost always mcuns bankruptcy ; that the arTuiis of the establishment aro all being wound up except the clock : but though ihl« may bean excuse for tho crime it is no satisfaction to the passer by for having been misled as to the time of day.' I ' '.. 1 Intervibwino the Editor,-Thoy are turning the tall newspaper offices in Anice iel io 'good account (says a Melbourne aontem patary}. They are putting the editorial rooms un the top floor, and when an impor- tunate individual rushes in angrily asking to sec the editor the Kft is not available. One recent incident may be given as ¡Ilus- trativo of a series. Entor a red faced man, obviously irate and bumptious. "Whore's ther editor?" Clerk in front office:' "Step up stairs, sir." Arrived at the first floor the red-faced man questions the muasengcr in a loud tone. " Where can I see the editor ?" He is invited to ascend another flight. lAt the third stage he begins to weaken, but i is still resolute. But when it comes to ihe sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth, he hangs out signals of distress. He struggles on, mopping away the perspira- tion from his honest, brow, and at last totters into tho editorial sanctum, where a calm, stern-looking eentlcman asks bim wqat he want«? And all tho intruder can answer in a broken whisper is, "I want to go down by the lift." Cracrin« (Jr.-The necessity in American eyes for " cracking up " the institutions of that great country seems a« grrut today as io tho timo of Mr. Hannibal Choi lop ; "our people must be cracked up " or else they are "riled." An amnsing example of this is offered by an American newspaper in London, which in au excess of enterprising enthusiasm undertook to publish (unroad we must conclude) Mr. Rudyard Kipling's impressions of the Great Republic He is a graphicandbrilliant writer, butunfortunately his views of the United States are unfavour- able ; and yet having, as I suppose, been paid for, thoy have to be published. Tilia puta the American newspapor in rather an .mbarasslng position ; Mi. Kipling does not like Chicago (in moments of confidence ho is even reported to have described this os " a purposeless hell)," and yet Chicago has'to be described in "our columns." The scheme the newspaper has hit upon to- mitigate the effect of his deplorable opinions is ingenious ; it deprecates by head lines the views that are expressed below. This is- something liko falling foul of one's own witness, a fraotice much disapproved of in the law - ut then what is one to do ? ThiB is what prefaces, in the head lines, Mr. Kipling's remarks upon " Horrible Chicago :"-" Mr. Kipling does not like the great city "-" The people wickedly try to- make money there " " India is over so much better," and all that sort of thing. There is oven a touching attempt to break to American readers what is going to bo said next week. " Next week Air. Kipling will havo some further abuse for the unfortunate city of Chicago." The newspaper in question is (says a London correspondent) always amusing, but it has never been so funny as this. 