Ghost in the SnburbB. Policeman Bolts at the Sight. One of those mysterious visitors known as a ghost appeared tome short time ago in one of onr snburban streets (reports the Sydney Ertning Xin oe of the 10th Instant), oompletely aemoreueisg toe tooal police foroe, who made himself tcarce in a manner nover previously eolipsed in this country. It appears that a visitor from a southern dietriot who was stay ing with some friends in the enbnrb referred to, Imbibed so hsevily, or in other words, got on the spree to desperately, that he began " to see snsiks," sb they say in the country press. This attack of delirium tremens became so severe one night that he forced hie way out of the house, despite hie friend's Btteli.pt to keep him in, and wrapped only in a sheet he made for tbo street The man was an educated sort of fellow, and mnoh given to amatenr Shakespearian recitals, ana now in his temporary insanity ho had reaeon esoogh left to fcol that, wrapped in a white sheet, he mado a good representation of theghestin "Hamlot." Tho friend, utterly powerleeB to interfere, followed the nnfortunate men on to tbo street, in the hope of being able to get tho -assistance ol a polioeman to bring him home. It was about 3 o'olook in the morning, and still dark, whon a polioo- man did appear, and right ahead in a most lonely part of tho street. It most have booh a superstitious "bobby," for at tbo eight rf the unearthly rover he turned on hie heel mt! fled for hie life. The ghoat in stantly y havtd in a most nnghostly manner, for it ; uuned Robert with a dosperato en deavour to take him into custody. A publio- houso lamppost saved the constable, for it pulled the ghort up with a short round turn, end ho knocked for nearly balf.an.hour to get in. It was just on daybreak beiore tho spiritual man was got back to hie homo, whether the "bobby "is running yet is not known; hnt the poor ghcet 1b dead, and a well known town has lost a well-known man. May: "What a strong, noble faoe I" Ethel: " It ia indeed. The face of oousin George. A finer fellow never facod a dreudful fatej." 1 May : "GraoiouBl Ishedoadf" EthelY Worse, He has joined a football learn." - ' : _ Charles Lamb Kenny, tho jouraalltr, dining onoe at tho house of a friend, ohahchd to swal low. a email piece of oork with his' wine, the result being a severe fit of coughing. ; "Take care, my frleud," said bis next neighbour, with a rather feeble attempt ' at bnmonr-", that's not the way for Cork F" " No," ' gasped the Irrepressible Sufferer, "it's the' way to kill Ktnny 1" . 