%ht Wnsmm (sextant. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11 1891. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Drake moved that an address be presented to the Government praying that his Excellency would make provision on the Supplementary Estimates for the appointment of a Parliamentary draftsman. After discussion, the motion was negatived by 25 to 14 votes. Mr. Luya moved for leave to bring in a bill | to repeal the Payment of Members Act of 1889. The Government opposed the proposal, and the matter was still under discussion when the time devoted to private members' business expired. Mr. Drake moved the adjournment of the House to call attention to certain statements [ made with reference to the cruiser Mildura. The ChIEF Secretary having replied, the motion was negatived. The Crown Lands Bill was further considered in committee. Clauses 16 to 23 were agreed to. The House adjourned at 11.20 p.m. Few more drastic natives upon social seers recur to memory than a retrospect of the years following the Great Exhibition of 1851, when the remotest quarters of the world formed in themselves and the products of their respective countries a bizarre assortment since then unequalled. The paean of praise in favour of universal peace, and the confident hopes of national brotherhood then chanted and expressed, prove as fragile the dome beneath which they were I voiced. The sequence of events fit them with the lurid glare of the Crimean Campaign, the Indian Mutiny, the Austro Germanic War, the fratricidal combat of the United States, and the Titanic upheaval of the Franco-Prussian an- | tagonism. Exhibitions have become common, little more in fact than gigantic centres of advertising fecundity. Yet again the attention of the world is claimed and the ghost of Columbus is invoked to mount guard over a celebration in honour of his fame. The President of the United States by virtue of " an Act to provide for celebrating | the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus by holding an International Exhibition of | Arts, Industries, Manufactures, and the Products of the Soil, Mine, and Sea, in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois" declares and proclaims that such International Exhibition will be opened on the 1st May, 1893, and invites all the nations of the earth to take part. The lamented Dickens has graphically described how lodgers when called upon could rise to the height of the occasion, and the President of the United States, so far as the art of literary department is concerned, is in no whit inferior. Not the least interesting part of the commemoration will be the | journey thither and return, and Chicago itself. Should one elect to approach through the gates of New York he will witness wonders before which the visions of Alnaschar pale. The Mohawk, the Huron and the kindred | races of Red Indians are fled to the happy i hunting grounds, and but a simulacrum of their spirit remains in the half-forgotten pages of Fenimore Cooper. The witches and wizards of New England, its Puritan founders, Rip Van "Winkle, the stout and devout Dutch burghers, are gone ; sweet girl graduates recite Miles Standish in a high-pitched key, and New York gives more attention to Eric scrip than to recollections of Lexington. John L. Sullivan is the modern representative of their com- tative forefathers, and ward politicians shriek the political platform of the day where their ancestors had to face the more practical opposition of the aboriginals' hatchet. And " Illinois itself, huge corn ground, with Chicago, its chief city, built upon piles of dismembered pork and garnered grain, its brief life already chequered by temporary extinction by fire, and its fame to be further accentuated by the function under notice. Thence back to Asia or Africa or Europe, or still more distant Austral isles, by way of the great gray plains whereon a thousand herds crop the pastures once nourishing the buffalo, gone like his hunter to the dim hereafter ; past Mormon City and the arsenal from which guns point down upon the prophet, his apostles, and their multitudinous wives ; away to the Golden Gate and the broad Pacific, through the city which at one extremity of the continent runs a mad race of rivalry with its eastern counterpart at the other. The journey itself is an exhibition, a panorama of object lessons of supreme magnitude sufficient to supply food for a lifetime's reflection. The cost will be a serious deterrent, but the increase of wealth ; and the calls of curiosity and commercial interest will swell attendance, while the magnificent hospitality of the American nation will be extended to a large representative circle of visitors. As for the Exhibition, who can foresee its fate The President has taken the motto of Sam promises, and if, being mortal, it is not his to command success, he has done more his host to deserve it. A grant of ten million dollars (.ยฃ2,000,000) has been appropriated to be used and expended ; the world and his wife have been invited ยก ample notice has been given and a code of regulations dealing with every conceivable feature has been published. One great lion in the path has been removed. All articles imported from foreign countries for the sole purpose of of exhibition are free from duty, except in the event of sale or consumption, in either of which contingencies the Customs laws forthwith come into force. General regulations invite all Governments to appoint commissions for the purpose of organisation, the appointment to be notified to an officer designated j Director-General. An official catalogue will be published in English, French, Gorman, and Spanish. The classification of objects of exhibition is copious, Including almost every conceivable thing, from cereals, grasses, and forage plants, to camels, elephants, llamas, vicunas or vicunas, alpacas, guarantees, yaks, and other domesticated animals. The in- herited vigour of the modern America, sharpened by competition and placed face to face with trying circumstances under novel conditions, has done much to revolutionise the mechanical arts. In agriculture, in mining, in general appliances of a labour-saving character, Australia and America cannot interchange ideas without mutual benefit resulting. "We shall exhibit our wool and try to learn the secret of preserving food, and at the same time combining economical treatment' with presentation to consumers a pleasing and artistic form. The processes adopted with the treatment of the refractory ores of Leadville may teach this colony many a wrinkle applicable to its own complex lodes, and the perfection to which hydraulic mining has been brought in the mining territories of the United States should attract close study with a view to the adapta- tion of a system modified, perhaps, to suit the conditions under which the poor alluviums of this colony exist. Dairying in all its branches, bee-raising, above all the national principle of co-opera- tion ruling from Maine to Missouri, and effectually dealing with any present difficulty, from raising a log cabin to running a world-wide exposition, will draw notice. These remarks are of course based upon the assumption that the courteous invita- tion of the Great Republic will meet with a response worthy of Queensland citizens in their dual capacities as individuals and units of a community represented officially by the Government. It is one hundred and fifteen years since America won her independence, a space within the possible compass of one man's life, and yet a mighty nation has attained manhood, and invites the world to witness the triumphs of her moral, intellectual, and material growth. Shall we be there and present our proofs of being no laggard in the race to the same point of lofty ambition ? In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the private members' time was, as usual, chiefly devoted to academical discussion. Mr. Drake moved a resolution in favour of appointing a Parliamentary draftsman, but the tone of his speech betrayed the conviction that he had not the least chance of getting the approval of the House. There is much to be said both for and against the proposal, but so long as Sir S. W. Griffith does all the necessary drafting work honorarily, or at least carefully supervises it, there is small chance of Parliament sanctioning the appointment of a paid staff. The real difficulty encountered is when Sir S. W. Griffith is not a member of the Government, and as Leader of the Opposition he exercises his unrivalled faculty of destructive criticism upon the bills drafted by any other person. For Sir Samuel is not given to over appro ciation of other men's work, and his criticism of it is not always unanswerable ; yet he has attained such reputation as an authority that his condemnation is regarded by the majority of members, even those opposed to him for the time being, with almost superstitious awe. One difficulty in making an appointment of the kind desired by Mr. Drake is the impossibility of getting for any salary that Parliament would vote a really competent; draftsman, who must be a skilled lawyer and ought to be also a states- man. He would need to be a man of the quality of a Supreme Court Judge ; he could not do the work alone, and he must have a costly staff. A further difficulty lies in the manner in which the drafting work of a year must of necessity be crushed into two or three months of it. The session usually closes about the first week in December, when the hot weather has set in, and Ministers are all jaded. There are departmental arrears to be over- taken different parts of the colony have to be visited, and the requirements of the country have to be ascertained. It is usually April before Ministers are again collected in Brisbane, and can meet to discuss questions of State policy. Parliament should meet at the end of May or in the beginning of June, and the principal bills of the session ought to be very nearly ready then. But the maturing of policy first, and its careful formulation afterwards consumes much time. The only way to got the bills quickly drafted, therefore, is to distribute the work amongst the most capable men, each of whom has probably given special attention to the subject with which he is asked to deal. There is often a vast amount of preliminary work in discovering what the law on any particular question is, and then it becomes a matter of great difficulty often to decide how best to amend it. A good draftsman would be of great service in revising all bills before they are presented to Parliament ; / in making their structure logical and symmetrical, and in preserving uniformity of style and precision of language. Sir Samuel Griffith at present does this work well, but even in some of his measures there is evidence of want of time for thorough revision. The entire reconstruc- tion of an old clause which never had any distinct meaning of its own, but was into ligently construed by a Judge and had an accepted interpretation, is often necessary in drafting a new bill, as it would be impossible to reproduce the clause in its old ambiguous form. This particular work takes much time, and it is often im- perfectly done under present conditions. Then there are a vast number of Acts on our Statute-book which have for all practical purposes become obsolete, while the law on many subjects urgently noedstochnic.il revision and judicious con- solidation. This work would find profitable occupation for the drafting staff all the year round; and there is no doubt that if the right man could be obtained as chief draftsman he would be worth far more than his cost to the colony. At the same time, we are getting along very well us we are, and so long as Sir S. W. Griffith remains at the head of affairs, and retains his health, a Parliamentary drafting staff will not be deemed a public necessity. But wore a drafting staff appointed it would never do to permit their unrestricted employment in drawing bills and amendments for private members. The practice of introducing bills otherwise than under the authority of the responsible Ministry of the day has for years past been dying out, and properly so. If an unofficial member desires legislation on any particular subject, his proper course is to table a motion to that effect, followed by an instruction to Ministers to bring in the necessary bill. Again, as to amendments, it may be urged that a member not competent to draft an amendment, or not commanding influence enough to get some other member to prepare it had better not aspire to move it. Sir Samuel Griffith deserves the gratitude of the colony for his services in this respect, and if under the circumstances he claims something like a monopoly of honour it would be invidious on the part of the Legislature to withhold it. The Legislative Council had a very intelligent discussion upon the Postal Bill on Wednesday, and whether the effect be to cause a modification of the bill or not it will be satisfactory to the public that a measure involving questions of " high State policy has not been permitted to go through both Houses without proper examination and criticism. Mr.' Brookes appeared as the advocate of the obscure country newspaper, which may be a very useful institution in a remote district, and yet be produced under conditions of extreme difficulty and even self-sacrifice on the part of its proprietor. For newspapers are usually started because of the prospective advantage expected to be reaped, and enterprising and public spirited men are often willing to throw away years of toil in the hope of ultimately establishing a paying journal. Unfortunately in this business the prizes are few and the blanks many, and hence the dismay which the proposed postage rate has caused among men who started in business on the presumption that the settled policy of the country in regard to newspapers would not be needlessly reversed. It is obvious from the laboured defence of the objectionable features of the bill that it is attempted to punish legitimate journalists the colony for the illegitimate practices of persons outside it. For example, the literary supplement does not involve the Post Office in any appreciable expense. If, as alleged, great parcels of supplements are received from other colonies, forwarded up-country post-free, and many of them often returned post-free, whose fault is that? Such a practice would be a breach of the existing law, as Mr. Thynne pointed out that a supplement was not a part of a newspaper until it was issued with that newspaper, and had therefore no claim upon the Post Office for free transmission. We are quite certain that the literary supplements imported by the country journals-and none others use them - do not weigh ten tons a year in the aggregate. What the department should discountenance is the free circulation of mere advertising supplements, and of great expanses of newspaper bulged out with posting bills. Under the present law a shopkeeper may arrange with a country newspaper proprietor to insert his big placard as a supplement, the only necessary condition being the insertion of the words, " Supplement to the Blanchtown Telegraph, September 19, 1891." That should be remedied. The largest type legitimately used in any newspaper is that known as long primer," which is slightly larger than the type used in this article and if it were provided that no newspaper should he transmissible through the post which used larger type except in its title the preposterous bulk and weight of paper would be greatly reduced, and no injury done to anyone. It might further be provided that a supplement should contain no advertisements, but be confined to public news and literary matter. The case of poster type in newspapers is degrad- ing to journalism, and if the Post Office refused to pass it a public benefit would be conferred. But as it is the weaker journals admit such type because they cannot afford to offend their advertising patrons. Again, is it not unjust to refuse newspaper proprietors the privilege of circulating sup- plements printed in the other colonies, while southern newspaper proprietors are permitted to circulate thousands of tons gratuitously throughout Queensland annually? These latter pay no taxes and employ no workmen in the colony, pay no duty on their paper, and have no claim upon the favour of the Post Office. We do not urge that they should be penalised, but we protest against the struggling Queensland proprietor being hampered while the imported newspapers escape. Mr. Macdonald-Paterson posed on Wednesday as a great authority on news- papers, and asserted that a penny a pound was only seven pounds ten shillings a ton. He also talked of the expense of delivering Brisbano-nowspapors at Carandotta, quite forgetting that the weight of the Carandotta subscribers' copies would only amount to a few pounds a-year, while the weight of papers transmitted distances less than 100 miles would probably be three-fourths of the total number posted. Mr. Thynne complained that country journalists had brought trouble on themselves by employ- ing apprentices instead of men ; but he forgets that most country journals could not live if full men's wages had to be paid in their production. A further injustice is the charge made of a penny per pound for agents' parcels, the contents of which will in many cases be further subject to the halfpenny postage before reaching the subscribers. The American system of charging one cent per pound all round, and one cent postage on single copies, is the fairest, and causes least inconvenience both to the public and to newspaper proprietors. Wore that system adopted here, and literary supplements not including advertisements. allowed to be transmitted as a part of the newspaper, we believe it would be accepted as a fair compromise. The bill introduced by Mr. Barlow into the Assembly on Wednesday and read a first time under the title of the Local Authorities (Joint Action) Liconsees Representation Bill, is intended to make provision for the representation of licensees of public vehicles on Joint Traffic Boards. The bill provides for the presence on each board of one licensees'' representative, to be elected annually in the manner prescribed in the sChedule. Tlicbo representatives are only to be permitted to sit and vote on joint boards during the transaction of business specially appertaining to traffic Captain Barlow, of H.M.S. Orlando, continues to improve in health. The Orlando (Commander Pike) left the Bar shortly after 11 o'clock yesterday morning for Sydney, and it is probable that Captain Barlow as soon as he is well enough will proceed to Sydney overland and join his ship there 