TOPICS OF THE DAY. Thiswook's Melbourne "Punch" says: — "The finanuis) panto which ocourod in Melbourne during tho last few days shnwA that the investing and speculating public is — as Bumble said of tho Jaw— a Hass. It will go and spond Its money recklessly, furiously, frantically on a land Boom, and mortgago its last shirt and oven pawn that sacred properly, tho family piano. In ordor to pay a deposit on u building allotment, dolcetably situated several vards below low-tide1 mark, or on the face of a precipico, or simply ou papor. It will tako no warnings, is deaf to tho onuuous muttorings in tho otr which tell of the coming storm, and plunges blindly on thinking that tho sun will always sluno and haymaking con tinue forever. And thon tho crash copies, and it Res down and howls, and . gnashes its teeth, and gnaws the earth, and casta ashes on its foolish head and says it has been robbed and swindled (for- getriiig all the time that it was trying to do some of the robbino ana swindling on its own account) and cries out to Heaven and the Police Court and the Press for vengeance." Viola writes: Madame Siraonsen, writing in yesterday's paper, mistook my reference to Mr Musgrovo's connection with the traditions of Grand Opera, io Melboorno. This only referred to bis relationship with the Lyster Family. In carrying on the work of Lyster, with regard to Grand- Opera, Madame Simonsen deserves more credit than anvone, as I havo before stated in these| columns, and under the same signature.; At tho same time, it is evidc-ne that hor rc-j sources are not equal to those of Mrj Musgrove, under the wing of Sir A.; Harris. Melbourno is so exigent as to demand, in operatic enterprise, something "(juivalcnt to such dramatic ventures as Bernhardt and the Gaiety Company. In short, tbo public, reasonably or not, do- innnd the London style, and the stamp of approval from I/mtlon. My opinion is that such artistes as Msdnmo Cuttica and M. Melossi would make their mark in a London season like tho autumn one, under Signer Laeo as entrepreneur, just being opened, occording to the latest advices. All praise to Madame Simonsen for the absolute wonders sbo has done with tho means provided. Yot the Alexandra season came lamentably abort in staging and accessories. Nobody could say the performances wore of tho London stamp uli round. My conviction is that Musgrove will nut attempt anything unless he can do it in first-class style. Jlo will take a risk which Madame Simon- sen could not face, such a risk as that taken by Mr Williamson with the Bern hardt company. We have referred to the appointment of Jtcv. Geo. Tait as pastor of the South Yarra Presbyterian Church, and the universal satisfaction it has given, more especially as Mr Tint's ministerial expe rience has been Victorian. To-night there will be a grand soiree to welcome him at the Church. Mr Tait, after laying down his cricket bat as one o: tho M.C.O. colts many years ago, and entering tho ministry, was connected for Rome time with this same South Yarra Church. Afterwards he wan at the Pres byterian Young Ladies' College, East Melbourno, somewhere about Madame Molba's time thorc. Then ho en tered upon his Warrnambooi pastorate, during which ho develop those powers as a business man which mado him tho inevitable successor of Dr Niah in con ducting tho affairs of the Church at largo. Yet it is remarkable that when tho South Yarra pastorate fell vacant a few mouths ago nobody thought of Mr Tait, but the suffrages wore divided between two impurted clergymen. Ono of these foreigners gained tho majority of votes, but the minority was bo numerous that it was felt to be un- des'rable to persovcro with the nomina tion. An Influential church member was idea of proposing Mr Tait, who quickly united all. Wo have men tioned tho circumstances under which tho church incurs a debt of L3000 in 'connection with tho retiromont of tho Rev. Mr Maxwell. It should bo added that Mr Maxwell only gets L1000 of this. The remainder partly goes to restoration of tho Manso, for Mr Tait, and partly to converting debentures. Tlio nrrlvals in tho Bay tills morning comprised tlio following steamers : — O.K.M.S. Oratava, from London via lorts ; N.G.L.S. Karlsruhe, from Sydney; t.l. S.N. Go's. Waroonca, from Calcutta, via ports ; and Jtotomnhann, from Lnunceston. Tho M.M. Co's s. Aus- trulien, from Marseilles, via ports, is ex pected to reach tho Bay late this after- noon, " Policy Holdor " writes : — As a policy holdor in tho Australasian Widows Life Insurance Fund I would like to ask the secretary, through your journal, when tlio bonus is to be declared, which was to be, according to printed notices, declared in October, 1691." It is scarcely necessary to say that Mr E, L. Zox, M.L.A., has always evinced tho warmest interest in tho working of friendly societies. It appears there Jias boon somo difficulty in connection with tho art unions hold in connectiou with the sports annually held by tlio various societies. In tho present atato of the law, it is only permissible to carry on art unions for charitablo purposes. Mr Zox intends to movo in tlio Legislative As sembly for tbo Insertion of a now clause in tho Polico Offences Statute which shall havo tho effect of legalising art unions if carried out by friendly societies. ThoO.Il.M.S. Orotava, from London via ports, as was expected, arrivod in tho Bay early this morning, and was, after tho nocossary customs clearance by Mr T. P. Hammond, Chief Immigration Officer, takon alongside the Port Mel bourno Railway pier. Tbo weather was beautifully flno, and tho large number of passengers in all classes for this port wore convoyed to Melbourno by spocial train. The only death recorded was that of MrMawcr, a voyager to Now Zealand, tho causo bolng paralysis. Ho was buried at sea with tbo usual ship coremony.- Among the passengers by the s.s. Orotava ia Genera! »Sir Oriol Vincaah Tanner, of the Bombay Staff Corps, a soldier who liss soon a considerable amount of sorvico. Sir Oriol onterod tlio East India- Company's Army in 1850, served in the mutiny of 1857, and tho Afghan war of '78-0-80, and commanded tho Infantry Brigado of tho Indian contingent in Egypt. Ho is a Knight Commander of tho Bath, and is a son of tho lato William ran nor, Esq. , for merly of Swan Kivor, Wcstora Australia. Messrs David Methvon, Hancock, Forntor and other M.'sP. yesterday paid a visit to tho Pontridgo prison. It is undorstood that Mr Hancock's motive was to sou tho coll in which tho wrongly cnnvictod man Bell was incarcerated, and where it is alleged ho lost his eyesight. Tho wholo of thu party were well pleased with thoir visit ot inspection. Tho one-man-ono vote question will form tbo subject of disousnion at a public liall to-night. Mr Hancock, M.L.A., and several other M.'sP. will bo present to address the olectors. Tho well-known burlesque actress Miss Billio Barlow, who is engaged to play the leading part in tho Christmas pantonine, Dick Whittington, at tho Theatre ilcyal, togothor with Mias Edith Vail and tho Barnos troupo, arrivod this morning by tho Oratava. Last night Mr Walter llentloy annoarad as llarmet at tho Thoavro lloval. auu he will repeat the performtuco this oveuing anil to. morrow. Ills interpretation of tho character, his mako op, general appearance and action are highly reminiscent of thore of Mr Henry Irving, whose Influence ia plainly perceptible throughout the Itnporaonatimi. Mr Bentloy's Hamlet Is graceful, intelligent aud impres. sive, espeeially in the sconoa with the ghost, anil in those with the players. His appear- anco, too, is exceedingly romantic, and It is ovident that bo ondoavors to Itsep tho natural contempt and Indignation Ilaiulot fools lor tho King and his surroundings con stantly 111 tho foreground. Tho part of Ophelia was playod with muoh refinement and tender nathus by Miss Laura Hanson- Mr Juliiis Knight tvss a handsome and effootivo Laertes. Mr Alderson a ponderous and respeetablo Ghost. Air Cathcart an excellent Polonius, and Miss Gwendoline Floyd au airy ploasant and engaging Oinc. The remaining choreters were well filled, and tlio ploee fairly placed on tho stage. Mr Fredenok Msocaha opens a farewoU season of soven nightaonly in the Athenaium on Saturday next. He will bo assisted by Mdllo. Minnie, and will give his evergreen sod popular entertainment, Bcgouv Dull Core, - . \- The ladles ot tbo Prioress Ida Court held their fourth umeteor snbeoriptlon connurt an Wednesday. 25th Novemhor, in theFitsroy Town Hall, on which occasion the ball was uncomfortably filled. The various parts were very creditably rendered, and special praise should be given to Miss Sbegog, whoso elocutionsry power is of no mean order ; also to Miss Scrivener, who accom- panied her song (The Blind Girl to Her Harp) on tbo harp. Mattel's grand vaiso was well played by Misses Lawrence and Kennedy. In the operetta. Misses Nathin and Sbegog, as tee two queens, acquitted themselves admirably, their singing calling forth food applause. We have received from Messrs Boyle and Soott the English publication "Cricket," of 29th October, which contains an account of the doings of Lord Hawke's English team In America, chatter on tho proposed visit of aa Australian eleven to England next year, and items of interest to cricket enthusiasts. The first meeting of the Hawthorn Dis trict Visiting Society wu held yesterday, the 2nd Inst., at The Oiks, Columbia street, Glenfcrrie, and proved very successful. Several ladies who were unable to be present wrote stating their willingness to assitt in the movement. It was decided to hold fortnightly meetings, the NV.C.T.U. kindly putting its room in Burwood road, at the disposal of the society. Mrs Eugene Anderson was elected president, Mesdamet P. F. Jamieson and T. A. C. Forbes vice-presidents, and Airs Chads treasurer and' secretary. Mcsdatnes Von Bcrgis, Clayton, Perks and Miss Lorimer consented to act on tho committee, with power to sad to their number. Dr. Anderson and Dr. Clayton, who both greatly approved of tho proposed society, generously placed their services at its disposal. The second meeting was fixed for the 16th inst,, at 4 p.m., and will ire held in the room already mentioned. The follow ing donations were handed in at tho close of the meeting:— Airs Eugene Anderson, LI Is; Mrs T. A. C. Forbes, L5 ; and Mcsdames Jamieson and Von Ikrgis, Ll Is each. The first performance in Australia of Gaul's New Sacred Cantata, The Ten Virgins, will tako place in the West Afid- bourne Presbyterian Church (corner of William and Lonsdale streets), on Tuesday next. 8th inst. The choir will be assisted by tho following artists Mrs Mortimer (soprano), Aliss Frederics Mitchell (contralto). Air Hackett (tenor), and Mr Gladstone Wright (baritone). The organist and choir-master of the church, Mr Alfred K. Moulton, has organised a string quartet, including tho names of Miss Lilian Kerr, Messrs Barry, Stevens, Costin, F. Dicrich and J. Killiugrcn. AJrJ. C. O'Brien will act as conductor. Last evening tho Kcv. John Rcid gave the lost nf his three illustrated recitals of fiir Edwin Arnold's beautiful poem, The Light of tho World, in tho largo hail of tho Athenaium to an audicnco which enthusi astically applauded his really magnificent rendering of tno sacred story. The children of tho St Vincent de Paul's Orphanage and their teachers wero present by Air Itoid'tt kind iuvilatfon, and greatly enjoyed the treat so generously given to thom. We believe that it is Mr Koid's intention to repeat his recitals ia aid of deserving charities, and we aro sure that tho public will readily support him in his generous purpose. Nothing more beautiful has ever been seen in Mclfjourna than tho illustrations which Mr Koid has had prepared for his recitals, and nothing hotter has ever boon heard than the clocutiunary treat which he has given to his audiences. tho Town Hall, Hawthorn, this afternoon, to-morrow and Saturday in aid of the funds of the Borooodara Rowing Clnb, which lost 1-500 by the floods in July. A most attrac tive programme has been prepared, and as the club received nothing from the Flood Fund, rowing men and tlie pubfic generally should show sumo practical sympathy with thom. In aid of tho building fund of the Ascnt Vale Presbyterian Church, a Bazaar and Caledonian rstr was opened yesterday after noon, in tbo Town Hall, EsAendon, by tlio hon. Sir James AlacBoin, K.C.M.G., io tho prcsenco nf a very largo and fashionable andienco. Sir James MacBain, who was in troduced by tho Rev. D. Macrae Stewart, the minister of the chnrch, in an appropriate speech, declared tho bazaar open, and whilst doing so congratulated the residents of Ascot Valo upon tho efforts they were about to tnske In order to 'provido themselves with a church, the ser vices in the meanwhile beiog held in tho Masonic Hall, Maribyrnong read. It was very evidcot, said the Knight,' that it would not bo the want ofwill or ability that would prevent tha I'resbyterians of Ascot Vale from shortly having a building of their own in which sorvices could be holu. He further congratulated them upon the fact of having nucb an able and assiduous minister ns the Rev. Afr Stewart to look after their spiritual wants. Atr Al. H. Mortimer, the hon. secretary of the bazaar, proposed a vote of thanks to Sir James AfacBain for having attended that afternoon to open the Fair. Tho motion was carried amidst applause. Sir James MacUain sudcnowledged the vote and handed in a cheque for L6 to the treasurer, as Lady MocRain's contribution to the budd ing fund. Tho several stalls, which were all loaded with rich, rare, costly and useful artiolos, were presided over as follows No. 1 stall (bonk stall), the Misses M'Dougall ; No. 2 stall, Airs Al'Lsan, Mrs Gillespie, Mr Mortimer, Mrs Thomson ; No. 3 stall, Mrs Aitken, Mrs Ncsbltt, Mrs Ovens, Misses Cox ; No. 4 stall, Mrs Stewart, Mrs Rodgerson, Mrs Nicholas, Airs Patterson ; No 5 stall, Mrs Souter, Mrs Notmsn, Miss Smith ; Sunday school stall, Misses Crawford, Graham, Reid and Alathc. sou. Tho refreshment stall was presided over by Mrs Finlsy, Mrs Currio and Airs Letbam ; aud the flower stall by Airs Brown, Altsa Aitken and Air Nicholas. Each even ing a concert of Scottish muslo will he given and the Bazaar will be open each 'afternoon and evening up till Saturday next The Chinese Armada, by " Tclemochus," Is a big feature tn this week's " Bohemia," published yesterday. " Lens " gives an excellent cartoon of the Earl of Sheffield, and there aro also portraits ot Air Charles Ryley and Miss Kathcrine Russell. Thowholennm- boris up toaveryhighstandard,andincludes all kinua of theatrical, sporting, social and general gossip. The Christmas number of " Bohemia" will Uko the form of an Album of Cartoons by " Lens," with letterpress in prose and verse by " Telcmocbus," and the other Bohemians. We have received from Alcssra Sands and M'Dougall ono of tlio strewboard targets, manufactured by that firm to tho ordsr of tho Defence Department, and used in the battle firing introduced hero by Major- General Tuiloclt.- They are mucu cheaper than tlio old canvass affair, and can ho used several times over by pasting a small ticket over auy bullet holes that may bo made. 