The Standing Railways Committee deserves well of the country, if only for the light which its procedure has thrown on the inner workings of the Railway Department. Wednesday’s sitting, however, produced some very practical and valuable evidence from Mr Alison Smith as to the practi cability of constructing comparatively inexpensive railway lines. We have been recommended to build what are called “light” lines, that is to say, lines of heavy gradients, sharp curves, and worked with a much lighter type of rolling stock. Mr Smith wholly disapproves of any experiments in this direction. He avers that the maintenance of such railways would swallow up more than the apparent saving in first construc tion. But it would be, in his opinion, easy to adopt the American system, and content ourselves at first with a sufficiently sound permanent track upon which rails could be laid un- ballasted, and over which the ordinary engines and rolling stock could safely travel at rates not exceeding 15 miles per hour. Lines laid under such conditions would have this advantage, that they could be improved up to the standard type without any difficulty. When the traffic over them demanded a higher speed, they could be ballasted in the usual way, and fencing would follow as a matter of course. Finally, wherever traffic indicated the necessity, plain way side stations could be provided. Having admitted so much, Mr. Smith retreated upon the old departmental position that it might prove cheaper in the end to borrow enough money to complete new extensions up to the standard type at the start. All through the evidence of departmental experts there has appeared on the part of the witnesses a strong disinclination to be over-candid, where the work of the department was being critically enquired into, as if, in the words of Mr Woods, they saw the ghost of Mr. Darbyshire in the background. In fact, the officers of the department, when called on to give evidence, find themselves in a rather tight place. The Commissioners and the Engineer in Chief have allowed it to appear so openly that the cost of railway building and management cannot be lessened with out the most disastrous results, that the subordinate officers have to follow the lead thus set, or take the very awkward course of censuring or contradicting their superior officers. This fact is important, and all the departmental evidence should be interpreted with direct reference to it. It is not denied that, in America, the system suggested by Mr Smith is carried out with entire success. Railways are made at a comparatively low first cost, and their improvement up to the standard type is regulated wholly by the subsequent earnings. If a line fails to develop payable traffic, the loss to the proprietors is comparatively small, and if it turns out a good thing, all the more elaborate accessories can be added at any time. Mr Smith fully endorses the view of his chief, that no matter how cheaply lines were first built, it would in every case be necessary to yield to the demand that they should be forthwith improved up to the highest standard. Even point blank legislation to the contrary would, he thinks, be of no avail. This, however, is a point upon which the departmental officers are not called upon to offer an opinion, and one, moreover, as to which they have not a shadow of responsibility. It is no answer to the question whether railways can be built at lower rates to rejoin that people would not be satisfied with such lines when they were made. The persistence with which this view is urged by Mr. Speight, appears to indicate simply a stolid unwillingness to meet the reasonable demands of the people of the colony, and a desire to obscure or evade the true issue by raising a false one. The evidence taken on Thursday is so remarkable as to challenge the most serious consideration. Gradually, and not at all too willingly the witnesses admitted that the plans and estimates for new lines were compiled from the sectional plans forwarded to head quarters by the field engineer. It is an almost universal rule with private railway companies that the engineer who supervises plans and estimates shall have a personal knowledge of the country through which the line is to be carried. This obviously desirable precaution is, it seems, entirely dispensed with in the Victorian railway construction department. In consequence, the country has to pay for costly bridges where none are required, and to accept expensive structures where common culverts would have met every requirement. What this negligent and extravagant way of doing things has cost the colony will perhaps be never fully known, but it is clear that before we shall be able to build railways with a decent regard to economy and efficiency there must be a sweeping reform. To go no further than our own city station, it is inconceivable that an engineer or architect, with any local knowledge, would have thrown away a fine chance of present ing a noble facade to Lydiard street, and planted what, in spite of its incongruous architecture, is really a fine building, overlooking a row of back premises. It is understood that this fashion of sending all the work to be planned in Melbourne, by officers who probably have no personal knowledge whatever of the locality in which the work is to be done, adds something like 30 per cent, to the cost, and leaves innumerable openings for blunders, which might easily be avoided. It appeared in evidence that the department does not check the plans of field surveyors, and was stated that a line estistimated to cost £219,867 was accepted, as to plans and sections, on the unsupported data supplied by an uncertificated engineer. And this is the way the money goes. The observance of Monday as a holi day of course interfered with the week’s business in the share market, but; apart from that, there was not much tendency to invest, and atten tion was confined to a few of the popular stocks. It was remarked, however, that, notwithstanding the dulness in business, the most of the higher-priced stocks fairly maintained their market value, and one or two showed an upward tendency. Madame Berry, on Tuesday- and "Wednesday, had buyers at £5 10s, but sellers held for higher rates, and on Thursday there were offers of £5 12s fid without inducing business, while on Friday a large parcel changed bands at £5 15s, with more buyers at £5 12s 6d and sellers holding out for £6, and the stock was equally firm on Saturday. Berry Consols were quiet, but firm, closing on Saturday, ex div., with buyers at £l2 17s and sellers at £l3. Berry No. 1 were also quiet, with sellers at S2s. Berry Consols Ex tended weakened slightly, closing with sellers on Saturday at 11s. Madame Berry West improved in sympathy with Madame Berry, for while there were only buyers at 9s fid and 9s in the early part of the week, shares changed hands on Saturday from 12s to 15s to 14s, closing with buyers at 14s and sellers at 15s. Earl Beacons field were steady, but quiet, closing on Saturday with buyers at 30s and sellers at 31s 9d. Hepburn Estate had a little business at 5s and 4s lOd. Lord Harry had buyers at 4s and sellers at ss, closing somewhat weaker on Saturday. Midas No. 1 had a little business at 3s. Band and Albion sold on Tuesday up to 26s 3d, but were weaker at the close of the week, with sales from 20s 3d to 19s 3d to 19s fid. Sir Henry Loch sold on Tuesday at 29s 9d, but subse quently advanced, with buyers at 32s on Saturday, and no sellers. The last crushing of 493 tons gave a return of 310 oz 13 dwt. North Band and Barton, owing to the improved appearance of the mine, also advanced, and were marketable at ss, sellers holding out for 6s. New Kohi noor for the fortnight crushed 422 tons and obtained 134 oz 16 dwt. The Star of the East shares are now wanted at £l6, but theie are no sellers. South Plateau had exchange at current rates. We note that there is about 3 feet of stone, mineralised, in the face of the drive, giving out water freely. Some others of the Plateau stocks had a little attention. The Sulieman Pasha mine is looking well, with large quanti ties of stone. The week’s amalgam amounted to 253 oz. Shares are now marketable at 11s 3d and- no sellers. Dalzell cum Prince Regent ob tained 155 oz 4 dwt of gold for the fortnight. Shares were in demand at upward rates, and are now held for 10s. Britannia United shares are also stronger, with buyers at 13s, and sellers at 15s.- Eastern Star bad attention at current rates; and the Prince Regent group, New Normanby, Llanberris No. 1 and Temperance also had exchange.- Black Horse United were negotiable at £9 5s on Monday, but they sold at £9 7s 6d on Friday. Egerton are now marketable at 18s. Parkers’ United sold at 2s fid in the early part of the week, but changed hands at Is 8d and Is 7d-on Saturday, and Kangaroo Extended were also weaker. -The Chalks’ group were in demand in the early part of the week, Chalk’s Freehold realising 32s and Chalk’s No. 1 41s, but at the close of the week they were quiet but pretty firm. Napier Freehold weakened, and Napier Extended declined on Saturday with sales reported at from 2s Sd and 2s lOd down to 2s 2d. Stewart’s Freehold sold on Saturday at 2s 4d to 2s 3d. During the past week the following dividends were declared:— Berry Consols, 3s; Sulieman Pasha, 6d: Llanberris, 6s; Star of the East, 6s. Colonel Otter and Majors Henry and Officer on Saturday concluded thrir enquiry into the disaffection existing in the 3rd Regiment with reference to the alleged over bearing manner of Regimental Sergeaut- Mnjor Garland. No fresh evidence hearing upon the case was tendered, the testimony generally being a corroboration of that pre viously given. Sergeant Burrow distinctly denied that he had in any way attempted to ii fluence either officers or men against Ser geant-Major Garland, as, according to the evidence of Color-Sergeant Allsop, the regi mental sergeant-major had alleged. Ser geant Carroll, recalled, stated that several officers were present on the occasion of the disturbance, . but took, no steps to quell it; He conld not say who the officers in. attendance were', but remembered that Captain Bennett was'one as he spoke to him. Sergeant M‘Robinson, Privates John Adam, Gummow, and Richards, and one of the drummers also gave evidence, but their testimony did not serve to throw much light upon the point at issue. All the wit nesses were unable to tax their memories : to names, though they remembered the facts accurately enough. The evidence throughout showed that, rightly or wrongly, the disaffection concerning Sergeant-Major Garland existed throughout the regiment. The decision of the board will not be made known until their report has been furnished to the Government. Detective-sergeants Cawsey and Charles, with-Plain-clothes Constable Rogerson, are still busily engaged upon the Heeney murder ca«e. There is no fresh development of any moment as yet, though what may prove to be an.important clue has been picked up. It is generally hoped that the police may succeed in sheeting home this horrible crime to the perpetrator. Yesterday the scene of the murder and Mr Heeney’s late residence were visited by large numbers of people. Mr Dow addressed a meeting of his con stituents iir the St. Arnaud Town Hall on Saturday night. A synopsis of his address appears elsewhere in The Star. _ It is stated that the electric lighting plant used for illuminating the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition and grounds is to be offered for sale to the Railway Department, for the lighting of the Ballarat East railway work shops. Gas is at present employed as an illuminating power at the workshops, but it is not giving satisfaction to the men em ployed in the extensive buildings. It is rumored that legal proceedings are likely to be taken in connection with some words between two of our local musicsellers. The weather yesterday was decidedly wintry. Late on Saturday night very light drizzling rain set in, and continued most of the morning. In the afternoon the rain held off, but a very bleak wind blew. At an early hour on Saturday morning a woman named Catherine Collins was found by the police lying in a helpless state of in toxication in a street channel in Ballarat East. A strong stream of water was flow ing around her, and she was in an almost dying condition from the cold. - Asa cab could not be readily procured, the night watchman (Mr T. Foley) got a handcart, and on this the woman was placed and con veyed to the Eastern watchhouse. Here a change of clothing had to be provided for the prisoner, and subsequently restoratives were applied in order to bring about free circulation. The accused was brought be fore the magistrates at 10 o’clock on Satur day morning, and as she could not pay the fine imposed by the bench she was sent to gaol fur a short term. The accused had a narrow escape from death in the gutter. The fortnightly meeting of the City Coun cil will be held this afternoon. Yesterday morning, shortly after 2 o’clock, a fire broke out in an unoccupied four-roomed cottage in flumffray street, Ballarat East, opposite the Lusitania hotel, and owned by Mr Robert Adam, caretaker at the rifle butts. The flames spread rapidly to the houses adjoining on each side, one of which also belonged to Mr Adam and the other to Messrs Roff and Gregory. On the sounding of the alarm Plain-clothes Constables M'Pherson and Serpell and Mr Alexander Govan, a miner, who was returning from shift, were the first to arrive on the scene »f the fire, entering the burning budding on the northern side, which was occupied by Mr Redmond and family. Mr Redmond was nt the time engaged in saving his furni ture, and Constable Serpell, with Mr Gnvnn, proceeded to a room at the rear, and there found standing on the floor a little boy, aged about three years old. The whole of the front of the house was in flames, nnd Constable Serpell, with remarkable presence of mind, picked up the boy and placing him under his coat rushed under the flames out into the street. A woman here took charge of the child, aud thecoustable then returned to the burning house and assisted in saving furniture. Plain-clothes Constable M'Pher aon in the meantime also did good work in rescuing a young woman who lay in bed in a room in Redmond’s house. She was con veyed by M'Pherson along a right-of-way where she was left by him until he aroused the inmates of the burning building on the southern side. This house was occupied by a Mr Duffy, a bootmaker, who escaped uninjured. It should be added that only a portion of Duffy’s dwelling was destroyed, owing to the smart work of the fire brigades, who by their efforts also prevented the de struction of a long row of old wooden buildings. The house in which the fire broke out was consumed, also the cottage occupied by Mr Redmond, together with the furniture therein. Constables M'Pherson and Serpell, on the fire being extinguished, applied, we are informed, to the licen see of the Lusitania hotel, Mrs Sander son, for temporary accommodation for the sick woman and her children, one of -whom is only 10 days old. The licensee, however, informed the police she had no accommo dation for the woman and children, and the pnlice then applied to Mr Kennedy, of Mac’s hotel, Victoria street, who at once provided beds for the homeless ones. Mr Adam’s house was insured in the Victoria Company, for which Mr Larter is the local agent, for £3OO, and we are informed that the property of Messrs Roff and Gregory is also covered by a policy. Much praise is due to Plain-clothes Constables M'Pherson and Serpell and Mr Govan for their conduct in saving life and property at the fire. Credit is also due the fire brigades for the good work performed by them in preventing what might have proved a dis astrous conflagration. How the fire nrigi natedjn the unoccupied house is not known, but as the case is a suspicious one, the police are making enquiries. A four-roomed cottage in Lai Lai street, Ballarat East, near the Buninyong railway line, owned and occupied by Mrs Winifred Glenn, a widow, was destroyed by fire on Saturday night. Mrs Glenn is at present on a visit to Sandhurst, but the house was in charge of a relative. As the nearest fire plug was aquarter of a mile distant from the hurtling building the brigades were power less towards doing anything to save the building. In the absence of Mrs Glenn it could not be ascertained if the cottage and furniture were insured or otherwise. A correspondent, whose letter is rather dangerous to publish, enquires if we have an health officer, and if so, he should enquire into the cause of the spread of diphtheria in Magpie. He wishes to know whether the children attended school whilst the mother was lying ill, whether the father attended to his duties at a slaughteryard, whether the furniture has since been sold, and where it wa9 taken to. “I feel in a rage,” he says, “ when I think that some of my dear little friends, who are now running about in the best of health, may by any carelessness be choked by a painful death in a few days.” When Plain-clothes Constables M'Pherson and Serpell were leaving the Australian Arms hotel, where they had been on duty,* at about five minutes past 10 o’clock yester day morning, a young man made use of obscene language to the licensee. M'Pher son promptly arrested him, when a comrade named Richard Robinson ndvised him to escape, and at the same time struck his captor a -severe blow on the nose, knocking him over. Serpell at once arrested Robin son, but the other man, whose name is known, ran away. Rnbinsou was lodged in the City lockup, and will appear at the City Police Court this morning, to answer to charges of inciting a prisoner to resist and of assaulting Constable M'Pherson. The Ballarat County Court for June will open to-day. A list of cases set down for hearing is published elsewhere. Mr T. Foley, night watchman in Ballarat East, found open at an early hour on Satur day morning the side door at the grocery store of Mr M'Kay, .corner of Bridge and Peel streets. Leaving the place in charge of th<* police, he summoned Mr M‘K'*y, who on arrival at the store found that no goods had been stolen. On the same morning the night watchman named also found a door open at the warehouse of Messrs Cocking and Skewes, and the police, on being acquainted with the fact, took charge of these premises. Messrs Cocking and Skewes report that they have not yet ascertained if any property was carried off. At the half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Electrical Association, held at the School of Mines on Thursday evening last, the vice president, Mr T. Adams, in the chair, there was a very fair attendance. The principal business wns the election of officers for the ensuing half year. The following were unanimously elected:—Mr Ivey, president; Mr Adams, vice-president, re-elected; Mr M'Dougall, treasurer;" Mr Burton, librarian, re-elected; Mr T. Gray, hou. secretary, re elected. Mr Ivey made a few appropriate remark* iu reference to the wonderful appli cation of electricity, and ventured to pro phicy that, when means were discovered for utilising the winds nnd the waves for the production of the electrio current, it would elevate mankind to a point as yet beyond conception; and he urged upon all the mem bers to avail themselves of the grand oppor tunity the School of Mines afforded them to qualify themselves to bear the distinguished title of electricians. A disagreement between two rival trades men is likely to be ventilated shortly in the City Police Court. The parties to the dis pute both have their places of business in Sturt street, and two or three days ago, it is stated, one called upon the other and ac cused him of adopting unfair means to push his business. The smaller man, thus accused, replied with the “ lie direct,” when the ac cuser struck him. The assailant, we are informed, subsequently apologised, but the assaulted one refused to accept the olive branch, and the magistrates are to be asked to judge between the disputants. The monthly meeting of the Buninyong shire.Council will be held to-day. The Ballarat football team defeated Port Melbourne at the Saxon paddock on Satur day afternoon by 4 goals 13 behinds to 2 goals 8 behinds. The match between the Ballarat Imperial and Geelong, played at Geelong, resulted in a win for the latter by 7 goals 9 behinds to 6 goals 12 behinds. Reports of both matches will be found in another column. On Saturday evening, at the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, the combined bands of Ballarat nnd Sebastopol, who marched in torchlight procession through the streets, performed a special programme. - There was a large attendance, and the music proved pleasing to all. The programme was as follows;—March, “ Whitworth” (R Malt house); overture, “Le Message Royal;” waltz, “Olivia;” overture (Scotch), “Fair maid of Perth;” schottische, “ Jolly Bailors” (Bulch); glee, “ Fill the shining goblet;" chorus, “Kyrie and Gloria;” contest match, “ El Ave;” gallop, “ The opposum hunt” (T. E. Bulch). At the City Police Court on Satnrdny morning, Sinclair Falconer was charged with having aided one George Bellamy in obtain ing £2 2s 6d, by means of a valueless cheque, on the 27th inst. The accused was re manded until Friday next.- James Templar, charged with being illegally in the railway statiou yard at night, was remanded for a week. One inebriate was sentenced to a week’s imprisonment. Messrs Fitzgerald, Shaw, and Pearce, J’s.P., were the occu pants of the bench. The work of removing exhibits from the Exhibition was commenced on Saturday, nnd during the present week the Alfred Hall will be handed over to the committee who has •barge of the building. The Rev. J. H. Mackay announced from the pulpit of St. John's (Presbyterian) Church, Peel street, last night that he would on Wednesday hand in his official resignation of the pastorate of the chureh. It is Mr Mackny’s intention to proceed to Corea as a missionary. Mrs S. Herman, wife of the late Rev. S. Herman, of Geelong, died on Saturday even ing at the residence of her brother-in-law, Mr J. Levy, Main road. The deceased lady came to Ballarat for the benefit of her health on Monday Inst. Although she had been in delicate health for some time past, her death was unexpected. The Rev. John Christie, who recently arrived in Victoria from the Irish Gene ral Assembly (Presbyterian) occupied the pulpit yesterday, morning and even ing, at St. Andrew’s Kirk. The rev. gentleman, who is an able man, preached two eloquent and practical sermons, which were listened to with marked interest by congregations that, notwith standing the unfavorable weather, well filled the church. A man named Thomas Baker was arrested on Saturday night in Ballarat East by Plain clothes Constables M'Pherson and Serpell on a charge of using obscene lan guage. The objectionable words were used towards the Salvation Army. Thomas Gunn was also arrested by the same constables on a warrant of commitment by the Timor bench, by whom he was fined £3, with 8s costs, on a charge of threatening behavior. On being lodged in the Town lockup Gunn paid the fine and costs, and was then set at liberty. The Rer. Dr Torrance has issued invita tions to a number of representative citizens to meet Mr Ernest Hutcheson, the young Australian pianist, to-morrow afternoon, at Craig's hotel. A resident of Adair street, named Aust. Meyers, was treated at the Hospital yester day for a sprained shoulder caused by a fall. Intending patrons of the Ernest Hutcheson concerts to be given at the Academy of Music on Thursday and Friday next, will remember that the plan is to be opened this morniiiff, at 10 o'clock, at Messrs Sutton and Co.’s music warehouse. Mr Hutcheson is supported by a strong and powerful com pany, and a treat is in store for lovers of good music. Mr Hutcheson will doubtless be remembered by many as “ the infant Mozart ” when 13 years ago, as a child five years of age, he played on the big organ in the Melbourne Town Hall. He visited Bal larat at that time. Since then he has com pleted a lengthened musical training at Leipsic and Vienna, where he displayed great musical ability, hud showed that he possessed a wonderful memory. It is ex pected that Ernest Hutcheson will be re ceived in Ballarat by crowded houses. A correspondent last night wired:—“The editor of the Warrnambool Echo to-day had t-lephonic communication with the Mel bourne Age. Although single wire was used the result was successful.” 0.1 his opening night on Thursday even ing next the popular lecturer, Rev. Charles Chirk, will give his recital of Dickens’ Christmas Carol. The Christmas carol is cer tainly one of the most charming of Christ mas fantasies, and is described' by Dean Stanley as the best charity sermon ever preached. Mr Clnrk’s delivery of this work ha3 been declared by Sydney and Melbourne press and public as the finest effort on stage > The box plan is now open at Messrs Sutton and Co’s, music warehouse, where tickets for other parts of the hall also may be ob tained. The mayoress of the City (Mrs C, C. Shoppee) will be unable to receive visitors to-day, in consequence of illness. The reception intended to be held onWidnes day, the 3rd, at the City Hall, is also post poned. The South street Debating Society’s first nnnual competition, which' takes place this month, promises to be a great success, as : upwards of 250 entries have been received for the various subjects. The treasurer desires to acknowledge the following dona tions to the prize fund:—Mr D. M‘Naught, £1 1«; Mr T. H. Thompson, £1 Is; Mr Alex. Bell, £1 Is. The committee are en gaged drafting a time-table aud appointing judges, which will be announced in a few days. It may be interesting to local anglors to know that the Warrnainbnol Angling Society intends to have a mullet contest on the Hopkins in the beginning of July. Mr Osborne is secretary. The contest is open to all comers. The monthly meeting of the Bungaree ■hire Council will be held on Monday next, not to-day as formerly arranged. Entries for the Melbourne Cup and other races to be run at the next spring meeting of the V.R.C. close to-day. Mr Munro does not regard the result of the division on Thursday night in the New South Wales Parliament ns a serious menace to the federation cause. Ho explains that Sir Henry Parkes anticipated defeat, and wrote some days ago intimating that should the decision be adverse he would appeal to the country, making federation and the Commonwealtb Constitution Bill part of the Ministerial programme. Mr Munro intends to make the Commonwealth Constitution Bill the first measure of the session in the Victorian Parliament, and he will propose that the bill should be submitted by plebiscite at the next general election—the plebiscite to be taken apart from party politics. Mr J. B. Patterßon, who has been away to Europe and Great Britain on a trip, has re turned to Melbourne. The territorial revenue received by the Lands department up to the 14th of May was £510,575. The estimate for the period was £458.758, so that it has been exceeded by £21,787. The amount set down for the whole of the year was £542,550. The last portion of the first section of the i Great Southern railway, viz., from Loch to j Korumburra, is now completed, and will be opened for traffic to-morrow. The Government have, on the nomination of the Minister of Agriculture, appointed Mr A. N. Pearson, the agricultural chemist, and'Mr D. M'Alpine, the vegetable patho gist, as, their representatives at the Inter colonial Wheat Bust Conference to be com mencediin Sydney to-morrow. The Marquis di Rudini, the Italian Pre mier, has informed the German and Aus trian Governments that it is the intention of Italy to renew the Triple Alliance. 