. - ~- — ? -? -? - - -? (By H. Eidek Haggabd and And&eW; Lang.) Hc*e}ia7?i. vero inimortalem fuisse indicat tenvpus. Seevius. ^Ineid II., 501. PUBLISHED BY REQUEST, {[Commenced in the Evening News of Saturday, Oct. 17.] BOOK IIL CHAP. VI. THE BURNING OF TTSE SHRINE. L TIL THE LAST'iNIfiHT^ii;0PJSSEtJS LAEETES' SON. \ ' ~ ''^ BOOK III. CHAPTER VI.- -CCojsrnroBD.) ..^Bel' looted down the path, of the sflame, jTtete in th.6 doot^&f; whence -it liad issued stood the Golden Helen, 'wxfcpped round with fixe, and the molten metal of the. doors crept about her feet. There she Btood in. the heart of the fire ; bnt there was no stain of fire on her, nor on her white robes.' nor on her etreaming hair j and even through the glow of the furnace he. saw the light _ of the red star: ; on her breast. 'The ' lame licked her form and face, it Wiapped itselfiaroTmd her, and curled through the masses of her hair. But still she ' stood unharmed, while the Intro ers shrank baok amazed, all save Meriamxtn the Queen. Tien singiiig, the Goddess stepped for ward from the Shrine,:and asrshe went^the Ewalls fell in, and the roof crashed down upon the ruin aad the flames shot into the Wy flky. -reSliaai-^Beafea it net. She looked taot back, but out tathe gates beyond. Sh€ j glanced not at the fierce blackened faces j of the women, at-r --n the face of Mpri^Tyi^T, ; yho stood before her, but slowly passed towards the gates. Nor did she go alone, | for with her came a canopy of fire hedging her round with flame that burned from j nothing. The women saw the wonder and fell down in their fear, covering-their eyes. Meriamun alone fell not, but she too must cover her eyes because of the Glory of j Helen and the fierceness of the flame that ! wrapped her round. ? JNow Helen ceased singiog, but moved felowly through the courts till she came to the outer gates. Here by the gates was the chariot of Meriamun. Then Helen called aloud, and tke Queen who followed heard h«r words, ' Rei,'' she cried, « draw nigh and have I no fear. Draw nigh that I may pass with thee down that path the Wanderer treads. Draw nigh and let us swiftly hence, for the hero's last battle is at hand, and I Wuld greet him ere he die.' Rei heard her and drew near trembling, tearing from him the woman's weeds he wore and shewing the Priest** garb be neath. And as he came the fire that wrapped her Glofg round left; her, ^4 passed upward 'Iilc£$, clqaSjf flame. - ~Sha stretched out hex hand to hiaa, saying— « Lead me, to yonder «har£ot, Rel, and let .as hence.' ? Then he led hex to the chariot, wMla those who stood by the chariot fled in ;fear. She mounted the chariot, and he set himself beside her. Then he grasped the reins and called to the horsesj and they bounded forward and were lost in the night. But Meriamun criediln her wrath ? r. ' The Witch is gone, gone with my own servant, whom she;hadi led-astray. 3rhyr - chariots and let fiiSrJsomen' come wittt- the chariots, for where~iaie p*Bsee 1'tii^re I will eoUow— «ye, to the end of the World and ^he-coast of Death.' CHAPTER VIL — The Last Night of Odtsseus Laeehes's Son. On the very night of the burning of the Shrine of Hathor, the host of Pharaoh marched forth from On, to do battle with the Nine-bow Barbarians. And before the host ?mflar».l-P'rl- the captarns came to the Wanderer according to the command of, Pharaoh, and placing their hands in his, swore to do his bidding. They brought fcftn his bow of Eurytus and his sword of bronze, Euryalus's gift, and many a sheaf of arrows, and his lateart rejoiced when he saw the goodly weapons. He took the bow and tried it, and as he drew the' string, onee again amd for the last tiiae it sang shrilly of death to be. The* captains heard the Song of the Bow, though what it said, the Wanderer knew alone, for toj their ears it came bat as a faint keea cry, like the cry of one who drowns in the water far from the kindly earth. All that night the host raaxehed, ami at lay break they camped beneath the shelter, of a long, low hill. But at sunrise the. Wanderer left the host, climbed the hill^ with certain of the captains, and looked forth.. Before Mm was a great pass in. the mountains, and through it ran the road. The sides ef the mountain sloped down to- the-road* and were strewn with rocks split by the sun. To the left of the mountains lay the River Siaor, but none might pass between the mountain and the river. The Waaderer descended from the hill and drove swiftly in his chariot to tHe further end of the pass and looked forth. Here the river curved to the left leaving a wide plain, and en the plain he! saw the mightiest host that ever his eyesj had looked upon. They were encamped by; nations, and of each nation there were] 20,000 men, and beyocrd tke camp of ihej barbarians he saw the ships of the) Achaeane. They were drawn uponj the beach of tke river. He lookedj upon plain and pass', : on movmtain; and river, and measured the number of thej foe. Then all Ms heart was filled with. th« lust of battle, and hie warlike cunning . awoke. He galloped backto the ho3t ol Pharaoh, and mufitCTed1' them ia- -feMile.' -rrar. It was b5f ^ »~ ^fiSHe nuittSer;. ? ?sr* against the number of the barbarians— i2,000 spearmen, 9000 archers, 2000 korse men, and 300 chariots. The. Wanderer passed up and down their ranks, bidding them be of good courage. Then he held -council with, captains, and certain trusty men were sent out to the camp oi the bar-, barians. And. they were charged to give 4n ill report of the kostof Pharaioh, [bjb^ to day that such of it afe rema&aed; .awaited; -;he barbarian onset behind the shelter of t^« iiiil on tiie hither side of t3» paas. TKen the Wafiderer summonted the,eap-i tains of the aroherfi, and bade them hide; tlieii- force among tke racks On either side ttf the mountain pass, and there to wait till he drew Hie foe into the pass. And with the arcfeers he sent a part Of the spearmen; but all the ckftrtotelie Md beneath the shelter of the bill en tke hither side of tke pass. Now whea the ambush was fiet, abd all were ge&e; gave the horsefiten, his spies;' came in and told him tkat the barbarians marched from their camp, but that the Achsea&s; stopped by the river to guard the camp a»d ships. ? Then the Wanderer bade the hocsei&eix; ride through . the pasB, andj ?tand in the plain beyond, and there, await, the foe. But when tke hosts of the! barbarians charged them they must reel 1Jtiefore the charge and at length fly head 'fong down the pass as though in feaj\ 'And1 he hiraseif would lead the flight i& his. chariot, and where ke led there th«y sHculd follow. ? v' *^ So the horsemen rode through the pass,! and formed their squadrons on tke plains; beyond, and the foe drew sigh. ' TDhey I came on xby natiejis, and ia the centre of ; the host ef each nation Bat the king of the j nation in a glorious chaiiet. Now tbe Wanderer hung back behind: \ the squadrons of horsemen as though in j fear. But presently he sent messengers bidding the capfcarcs c-f the squadrons to charge the flrst nation and fight for a 1 while, and tfetsa wfeen they saw him torn: I his horses asd gallop tkrough the pass to follow after him in such fashion as to' draw the foe upon their heels. This the captains of the mercesarieSj i did. Now the foe came hard after -them,] and the Wanderer turned Ms chariot andj fled through the pass followed by the; horsemen. And when the hosts of the | barbaiiagns saw them turn they set up a j shout of laugher, and charged after them. But the Waaderer looked back and ; laughed also. Now he was through the : pass, followed by the horsemen, and after I them swept the hosts of ? the barbarians. ' Still the Wanderer held his hand till the j whole pass was choked with the thousands '? ef the foe, ay, until the half of the first of \ the nations had passed into the narrow j plain that lay between- tb.e hill and j the mouth of the pass. Then driving; ; apace up the hill, he stood in. j his chariot and gave the Bignal. j Ab tke sea birds on a lonely isle awake at - the cry of the sailor, and wheel by - thousands from their lofty cliffs, so at the ! signal of the Waaderer the arrows of his i hidden host rushed downward on tke foe, j and men fell by thousands beneath the gale ' of Death, Now their mighty host of the Nine Bows rolled back thinned and shat tered, towards tke plain, and now the Wanderer cried the word of onset to the horsemen and to the chariots tkat drew j from behind the shelter of the frill, and ! following after him. they charged dewn i upon those barbarians who had passed tke j ambush. , Now all who were left of the broken, j host rolled back mad with fear, while the J ispearmen of Pharaoh galled them as j hunters gall a flying bull, and the horse-; j men of Pharaoh trampled them beneath j their feet. Where now were the hosts of j the Kiae-feew Barbarians ? .Where, new was their glery and their pride ? Then tke Wanderer sent heralds fox-s ward, calling to tkese barbarians wkoj swarmed bekiad tke wall to surrender to tke host of Pkaraok, but this being eon trenched by the River Siker they would i&j; no wise do. Far tkey were mad because of * their slaughtered thousands, and more-. over, they knew tkat it is better to die, than-, to live as slaves. This tkey Bawi also — tkat their host was still as strong as (the koat of Pharaoh, which was without ike wall, And weary with the heat and stress of battle and the toil of marching tkrough tke desert sands. .So the Wanderer divided 'hip host into three parts, set it in order of battle, and moved up against the camp. But ke him iself went with tke centre part against tke gate of the camp, for here there was an earthen way for chariots, if but tke great gates might be passed. And at a word the threefold kost rushed on to tke ekarge. But those within the walls shot tken with spears and arrows, so that many were slain, and they were rolled back from tke wall. Again the Wanderer bade them charge, bearing tke dead before them as shields, and hurling corpses into tke ditch to fill it. But ke himself hung back awhile with tke middle army, waiting, till the foe at the gate ekovtld be draws away. Now tke mercenaries of Pharaoh forced; a passage on tke right, and hither wenlj many barbarians who watched tke gates tkat tkey might drive them back. Then the Wanderer bade men take out the poles of chariots and follow him and beat down the gates with tke poles. Tfrifl with much teal and loss j:tkey did, for tke archers poured their amnre on the assail ants of the gate. Now at length the gates: were down, and tkeWaadererrttSkedtitrcwiga them with his chariot. Bnt even as he passed the mercenaries of Pharaoh vrere ' driven out from tke camp on tke right, and those who led the left attack fled also. Tke; soldiers wko should have followed the: Wanderer'saw and wavered a little moment, and while tkey 'wavered tke companies of! barbarians poured into the gateway and; held it so tkat none might pass. -Now the Wanderer was left alone witkin tke camp and 'hack he jnight not go. But fear came jaet nigh him, nay, tke joy of battle filled his mighty heart. He east his shield upon, tke brazen floor of tke chariot, and. cried; aloud to the charioteer to drive on, as he loosened the long grey shafts in his quiver. So the ckaritrteer, praying to his gods, lashed the horses with his scourge and tkey sprang forward, madly amoag the foe. And as they r asked, tke great bow; tang and eang the swallow string— rang' 'therbo^r and sung the etriag, and the lean: -shaft ~ drank tb e blood of a leader of men. A grain tliestrmjsr sane:, apraintlie shaft spaJ forth and a barbarian frfy^ feU fronahia chariot as a diver plunges into the «ea, ^aDdMsteetkvbit%ke BB?td. .. : / ^ But now at length a stone froai * filing emote the charioteer who directed the chariot, and etjfik in between kis eyes, eo' . tkat ke fell down dead from tke chariot. And now a spear pierced tiie het^:«i? ijthe ' horse on the right, so that he fell,; and the .-pole of tke okariot finapped in two. Then th« faairkaziaas took hes^t and tttcuda and - sotn6 of tii em set on to seize the bpdr of the charioteer, and spoil kis arms. But the Wanderer leaped down and bestrode the corpse: with Bhield up, and spear aloft, and laughed like a God. CHAPTER VIIL— -« Tux Obysseifs Combs 'W Tke . Wanderer laughed like a God, thsugk he deemed, tkat tke end was near, and tke foes within tke camp and the friends without looked fe. him and wondered. ' '' ? ' Tken of a sudden as Fate hung upon tke turn, a great cry of fear and wonder rose from tke ranks ef Pharaoh's kost be yond tke wall. It swelled -and swelled j till at length the cry took tke sound of* a name — the sound of tke name of Hathor. 'TheHatkorl The Hathor! See the Hathor comes !' The Wanderer turned kis headandloeked swiftly. A golden chariot sped down the. slope of sand towards tke gate o£ tke | camp. A little man, withered and old, j drove tke chariot, leaning forward as kei drove, and by his side steed the golden j Helen. Tke red star blazed upon \ ker j breast, her hair and filmy robes floated on : tke wind. Now ske saw ;him — Odysseus, of Ithaca, her love— alone, beset witk foes, and a cry j broke from ker. Ske tore away tke veil tkat kid ker face, and ker beauty flashed out upon tke sigkt of men as the moos flashes from the evening mists. She pointed to tke gate, ske stretched out kei arms towards tke host of Pharaoh, bidding them look upon and follow ker. . Tken a shout went up front tke kost, and tkey rushed onward in tke path of the chariot, for where tke Helen- leads there must men follow, through life to death, through waa to peace. On tke chariot rushed to the gate of the camp, and after it the host of Pkaraok followed. Tke holders of tke gate saw tke beauty of ker wko rode in tke chariot ; tkey jcried aloud in many tongues tkat tke Goddess of Love kad dome to save tke God of War. They fled tkis w ay and that, or stood, drunken witk tke eight of beauty, and were dasked down by vth.e horses and crushed by tke chariot wheels. Now she kad passed tke gates and after ker poured tke best of Pkaraok. Now Bei reified up the horses by tke broken ehaziot of tke Wanderer, and now; ike Wanderer witk a shout of joy kad ? sprung into the chariot of Helen. ' And art theu come to be with me in my last battle,'5 ke whispered in ker ear.. ' Art thou indeed tkat Argive Helen whom I love, or am I drunk with tke blood of men, and bixnd with tke sheen of spears, and is tkis the vision of a man doomed to die?' ' It is no vision, Odysseus, for I am Helen's self,' she answered gently. 'I have learned all tke truth, and know-! ing tky fault, count it but a little thing.' Yet because tkou didst forget tke words of the immortal Goddess, who, being my foe now and for ever, sefetbis exmning snare! for thee, tke doom is on thee, tkat Helen! shall not be thine in this space of life.] For thou tightest in tky last battle,: Odysse&s.; Bat tky hosts clamor to be led* On, Odysseus, on ! That the doom may] be accomplished and tke word of tke Ghost fulfilled.' Tken tke Wanderer turned and called to the Captains, and the Captains called to tke soldiers and set them in array ; and, following the blood red Star, tkey rolled down upon the gathered foe. And ever in the forefront of tke war blazed the red Star on Helen's breast, and ever tke soaiu? of ker singing pierced tke din ef death. Now, tke kost of tke Nine-bow Bar barians was utterly destroyed, and the kost ef Pkaraok came up against the wall that was set about tke camp of the Ackseans to guard, their skips, and at its head came the golden chariot wherein were the Wanderer and TLsilf.n. Tha Captains of tke Aehaeans looked wondering from their wall watch ing the si a tighter of their allies. 'Now, who is this,' cried a Captain, ' who is clad in golden armor fashioned, like our own and who leads the host off Phnxaoh to victory f' Then a certain aged leader of jaen looked forth' and answered : ' Such armor I har« known indeed, and such a man once wore it. The armor is fashioned like the armoz of Paris of IEos, jrat Paris hath Ions been '? dead.' ' And who is she,' cried the Captain, ' who rides in the chariot of him with tke \ golden armor, whose shape is the shape ©f Beauty, and who sings aloud while men go down to death f' . Then the aged leader of men looked ?forth again and answered— « Suek a --ne I hav© known iade&d;, so she aras.wont, t© sing, and kers was suck a shape of beauty, and such a Star shone ever en her Breast. ?Helen of; Ilios— Helen because of whose loveliness tke world grew dark with deatk -Mjiit long is /Helen ^ dead.' f. N^isr the Wanderer glanced feoni kis chariot and saw the crests of the Aehaeans knd the devices on the shields of ion, with whose fathers* :Be'^d:'fjbn^ht'':l-e1ieath.'tibJe. walls of Eios. He sa» tod Mb heart was. stirred within him, so tkat he wept there ia the puaxiot. ,. - 