! [From Melbourne Papers.] i VICTORIA.. ', I I G Bulong, November 30. 'A fire occurred 1 just after midnight at the chemist's shop of Mr. B. Wilkins, in Moorabool street. The fire broke out in the dispensing department, but the promptness of the fireman prevented it from spreading. The damage amounted to about £150. The stock and fixtures are insured in the Lion Co. for £800, and in the Norwich Union for £500. j This i ? Castkhton, November 30. A meeting was held at Merino on Saturday evening in connection with the Victorian Homestead League. It was unanimously decided to form a branch of the organisation in 'Merino. This is the third branch of the league formed since the establishment of the organisation, Steps have been taken to open branches at Hamilton and Portland, also to have a public meeting in Melbourne to promote the league's object. ! Gi.k.sqarhv, November 27. A mysterious disappearance is reported. Mrs. Christenson, wife of Mr. John Christie. sen, had been an inmate of the Yarra Bend Asylum for some weeks suffering from puerperal m min. She was so far recovered that the authorities there considered her life to be sent home. She was attended to the train, and sent on her journey on the 17th inst., but as yet she has not reached here, nor can any trace of her be found. I ' Ballarat, November 28. The Rev. Father Brennan, B.A. , one of the professors of the Holy, Ghost College, died to-day after a lingering illness. The rev. gentleman came out in the Ormuz about three years ago with Bishop Moore, and has since been engaged at the Roman Catholic colleges horse. he was a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, and was educated at Blackrock College, where he distinguished himself as a brilliant scholar, taking the degree of B.A. at Uro Royal University of Ireland. In 1887, being then 32 years of age, he was ordained priest, and joined the congregation of the Holy Ghost. A few weeks ago he went to Sydney for change of air, but on his return became suddenly worse, and died as stated this morning. His parents are still living at Johnstown, Kilkenny, Ireland. Maoautiiuk, November 28. Hugh Nicholson, charged with cattle stealing, surrendered to his bail to-day at the local court, held before Messrs. Learmonth and Melville. Great interest was taken in the case, the family of the accused being very old residents of the district. The magistrates considered that the evidence warran ted them in committing the accused for trial at Hamilton on December 17 next, Bendigo, November 29. The locomotives, trucks, and carriages damaged in collision at Tooborac on Fri day arrived in Bendigo about 2 p.m. to-day, having been brought on by another engine. The chief mischief to the engines is in the front where the buffers, buffer beams, lamps, cow-catcher, etc., have been much damaged. The trucks were chiefly damaged by the loss of the buffers, and one passenger carriage was split along the side. . John Breaks, a well-to-do farmer, residing at Millaa, was in Bendigo on Friday selling daily produce, and left on his return journey next morning. His dead body was found on the {Kamurooka-road, five miles beyond Huntly, and his horse and cart were found three miles further along the road. The left side of the deceased's head was dis- coloured, but that was the only mark notice- able; externally. An inquest will be held, but so far there is no suspicion that a crime has been committed. I ,CttiîSvviOK, November 20. A fall of ground took place in the main washdirt drive of the No 2 rise at the south-west lovelies, tho i Bony No. 1 mine on Friday night by which two minors named William Alice (married) and John Hill (single) were imprisoned. A branch drive was started to intersect the di ii o ahead of the fallen ground, and a boiler pipe was driven through the broken ground' to give the mon air and esta- blish communication with them. The latter Was effected after four hours' work, but the former was abandoned, As soon as the pipe had been driven through it was found that the men were all right, and the relief party set. to work in earnest to rescue the men poisoned workmen. < Altogether eight sets or 30ft. had run, which took until 3 o'clock this afternoon to clear before the men could be reached. They were none the worse for their imprisonment which had lasted 43 hours. 