THE LATE HENRY EDWARDS. News has been received by the San Fran- cisco mail of the death in New York, after a few months' illness, of Henry Edwards, equally well known in the United States and in Australia as an excellent actor and a dis- tinguished entomologist—science and the drama having claimed an equal place in his affections. It was only three years ago that he took a prominent part in the farewell demonstration to Lester Wallack on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera-house in New York, and four months after that memorable scene the veteran in whose honour it was given passed away. And now his friend and colleague, who was also the friend and colleague of Gustavus Vaughan Brooke, of John McCullough, of Walter Montgomery, and of some of the most eminent actors and actresses of his time, has gone to join his old companions in the other world. A native of England, where he was born at Ross, Monmouthshire, in 1824, Henry Edwards came out to Australia early in the fifties. Gifted with a handsome face, a fine presence, a dignified carriage, a strong resonant voice, a good study and more than ordinary intelligence, he adopted the stage as his profession, making his first ap- pearance, we believe at the Queen's Theatre, in this city, in the year 1855, under the management of Mr. Coppin. His progress was steady, if not rapid, and he enjoyed the great advantage of having so noble a model constantly before him as Brooke, with whom he played during nearly the whole of that actor's stay in these colo- nies, a period of nine years. In that time Henry Edwards had advanced from the in- terpretation of comparatively subordinate parts to what is known as "the juvenile lead," and in this position proved to be a valuable and valued colleague of the famous star, whom he resembled sufficiently in face, figure and voice to enable him to play one of the Antipholi in "The Comedy of Errors and one of the Franchi in "The Corsican Brothers," Brooke enacting the other. Upon the boards of no fewer than five of the Melbourne theatres which have since disappeared, the Queen's, Coppin's Olympic, the old Theatre Royal; the Haymarket, and the original Princess's, Henry Edwards played a very comprehensive round of characters, and was associated with the most famous actors and actresses who visited these colonies during the sixth decade of the present century. He was almost as well known in Sydney; where he also made two voyages in a balloon which had been im- ported by Mr. George Coppin, together with two experienced argonauts, in the month of December, 1858. On the second occasion, after travelling through the air for a distance of upwards of 20 miles, his descent was effected barely in time to allow of his reach- ing the Prince of Wales's Theatre, where he had to plav Eugene de Lorme to the Matthew Elmore of G. V. Brooke, in "Love's Sacrifice," on the same evening. When he quitted these colonies for Cali- fornia m 1867, he left behind him a host of friends and no enemies. His talents as an actor, his knowledge as a scientist, and his worth as a man combined to secure for him a prominent position in San Francisco, where he was hold in high esteem both upon the stage and in the Bohemian Club of which he was the "sire." Its midsummer "High Jinks," held in the Red Woods of Marin County were usually enlivened by a graceful address from his facile pen. About the end of 1S78 Hour) 1 dwnrds took up his nbode near. oston and siibscqucntlv wns invited to jom the powerful compiinj engaged at AS ulluck s Hie Ure in New Aork, where lie made his first appearmie« on the 7th Novemlir, 187'», and contincel to plav theie for nearlv ten uars At the nieinoiable performance prcviouslv roierreet to which vv as "iv en on the ¿IstotAIav Ibfsb ' Hniiilet was ii près« nte 1 with such a castas has pro liahl) mvei been vvitness««I m mi) countr) Mullum Alodteslii was the Ophelia Miss hellogg the Gertru le, and Altss Hose Coghlan flu Pitt) tr Quel ii Booth was Hamlet SS ilson Marrett the Ghost, Gilbert Poloiiius leflu son mid 1 loreneo the I mveeligters, Henr) I ihviiuls tin Prit st, and ever) othei pint was fillid hy a leading uctoi Sftei the pci loiiniinee J ilwinds nppuued upon tin wem, with ti sheet of parchment ami pens and nil , and obtained tin signotiuis of Lester AS «Hack and of the 11 members of the pro fesston vv ho hail taken p irt m the Mt!« diction offi reil to the veteran notor and lnaunter Tins document bus been piesented to the Pinjen Club in Xcw A oil In October 1889, Henry Edwards re- appeared m Melbourne after an absence of 22 years at the Princess's Theatre, as the Earl of Dorincourt, in Mrs. Hodgson Burnett's popular drama of "Little Lord Fauntleroy," Old playgoers found his style and methods of acting mellowed and matured, and were delighted to renew their acquaintance with one who had been a prime favourite in what is generally spoken of as the palmy period of the drama in Melbourne; and a younger generation were equally gratified by his artistic presentation of the character of the choleric old nobleman whose icy nature thaws in the genial warm of his grand son's sunny disposition. The actor himself seemed to be rejuvenated for a time by the bland atmosphere of Australia, and would have remained here had sufficient induce ments been offered to him. These were not forthcoming, however and he returned to the Lmtel Stutts to encountei on« ol th« most tetribb inclement winters which liles bein exponent eil in the other hemisphere foi ninnv jears past and this in nil probabilit) accelerated Ins death Dining the last fiv« and thirty )oms of his life Htni) Idwurls* had formel ene nt the. lnigest pituite collections of insects in the Vmtetl States und between 188(1 mid 1881 he devoted the whole of Ins leisure hours to compiling a biblio.rnpluenl catalogue of the described transformations of the North American Lepidoptcia numbering up wards of ii thousand species This was published bj the Smithsonian In stitution at SS ashragton, and is a monument o£ scientific enthusiasm and patient un 1 laborious rtseaich He also published m 1883 a little volume of sketches and addresses entitled "A Mingled Yarn," the contents of which are interesting because they bear the impress of his own personality, which was that of a man to whom the words which Hamlet addresses to Horatio would have been equally applicable - Thou hast been As one, in suffering all, that suffers nothing, IA nutt that friltlnos 1 tiflttsiiti lit-tial-d. Hiul ta tu with ctiuitl tli inks 