The annual report of the Audit Commissioners has been looked for with more than usual interest this year. This was partly because of a general desire to know exactly how we stand in financial matters, and partly owing to the widely diverse statements of the actual deficit, the public naturally being desirous of knowing whether the optimists, who treat the deficit lightly, or the pessimists who regard it as very serious indeed, are justified by the facts. Now that the report appears, this matter is by no means cleared up. So far as we can see the Audit Commissioners state the total deficit at the end of the financial year at a little under £207,000. Mr Munro, as our readers will remember, made it out to be £797,000. The apparent discrepancy is no less than £590,000, and this seems altogether too large an amount to be explained away by any accountant's finesse. All we can suppose is that Mr Munro regards as spent all moneys which are actually drawn from the Treasury, while on the other side large rebates are claimed for stores in hand, and for advances which belong to the loan account, and which therefore should not appear in the current national ledger of receipts and expenditure. It seems we must wait for the creation of a Committee of Public Accounts before the general public will have any intelligible information as to how we really do stand. Failing this, we may point out a few things which invite serious consideration. The public debt of the colony on 30th June was £43,610,264, and the interest payable upon it £ ,709,668, or £39,803 more than the previous year, and being about £4684 for every day in the year, Sundays included. The total at credit of the trust funds on 30th June was £2,738,998. The funds stand considerably higher than at the end of the previous financial year, because of a large increase of deposits in the Post Office Savings Banks. Of the gross total after deducting the amount invested in debentures, there was an apparent balance at the treasurer’s command of £1,768,956. This, it appears, was practically reduced to £84,515 by means of heavy advances made on account of expenditure under votes to be recouped by the Land Sales By Auction Fund Act, and for railway purposes, to be recouped from future loans. The Commissioners expressly state “ that there is no legislative authority for the temporary use of trust funds as advances, pending completion of loans, or to meet urgent requirements.” They add that “ the necessity may be said to be imperative, and the system has been so long recognised without an adverse opinion being authoritatively expressed, that a tacit approval is assumed, and we are led also to conclude that there is no alternative but to concede ,a discretionary power as to the limit within which the use of trust funds for special purposes should be considered allowable,” We are a little puzzled over this latter sentence, which seems to convey that irregular expenditure which has grown into a habit and not been seriously challenged, ceases therefore to be improper. Coming to the railway accounts, the Commissioners note that the vouchers received by them, irrespective of payments from loans, represent a total expenditure of £2,480,804. Then follows this singular passage:—“ No accounts of an unusual or exceptional character have been passed by us without the Railway Commissioners' approval, which we have accepted as sufficient authority, in view of section 64 of the Act, vesting in the Commissioners the entire control and management of all moneys appropriated by Parliament for the construction, maintenance, or management of the railways. If this be so, the audit of the railway accounts would seem to be simply a farce. It is exactly in the case of accounts of “an unusual or exceptional character” that the scrutiny of the Commissioners should be most searching and their authority left quite freehanded. The main point, after all, is to get an intelligible view of the present position, both as to the railway accounts and the general revenue and expenditure. It is understood that the actual revenue for the first five months of the year has fallen below the estimate by £437,000. This rate of depletion may be lessened here after, but it is not safe to calculate on that. If it continues, Mr Munro will have to face a deficit of about a million, besides any outstanding debit balances. No doubt much of the deficit is due to losses in working our railway lines, but extravagances and over expenditure is not confined to the Railway Department, but spreads far and wide throughout the whole of the public service. Mr Munro, it is alleged, has altogether failed to practise the economy he preached. If he has retrenched it has been by steadily and obstinately refusing to listen to the most reasonable and urgent appeals for aid from the Treasury, a sort of economy which means an unnatural disturbance of the labor market, and a general check to commercial enterprise. On the other hand, it is contended that he has done absolutely nothing whatever to stop the multitude of chinks in the Public Service, through which the public money leaks in streams. He is every day spending money far in excess of income, and he knows it. Every day, as it passes, records a serious loss in the railway management account, and he knows this too. And with these facts before him, with the knowledge that even reasonable economy and the re- imposition of taxes which were hastily removed in the boom time, would soon pull us straight, he is content to let us drift and drift towards the rocks of national insolvency. It will be well to clear up the dispute as to what the actual national deficit really is. But it would be infinitely better, and more to the purpose to face the situation boldly, to let the dead past bury its dead, and determine at any cost to cut down the general expenditure to a figure well within the revenue. In any case there must be greater economy all round, and there must also be more taxation. \---------------------------------------------------- The Legislative Council on Wednesday appointed Messrs Brown, Cooke, Fraser, Pitt, and Sternberg a committee to enquire into and report on the recent case of Bowman v Gore and Moore, so far as it relates to the Hon. H. Gore. There was some discussion as to whether, in view of the fact that the plaintiff had stated his intention to appeal, and the case might therefore be regarded as to some extent sub judice, the appointment of a committee would not be premature if not improper. Mr Gore placed himself in the hands of the House, and it soon became manifest that the general feeling was in favor of giving him an opportunity to clear himself from imputations made upon him without any avoidable delay. The appeal, it was stated, might not be heard of for six months, if at all, and were the committee not appointed Mr Gore would, for all that time, lie under very serious allegations as to his personal probity. It was the first time, said Mr J. A. Wallace, that a charge had been laid against a member of that House, and it ought to be investigated at once. Sir F. Sargood therefore moved his motion, although he expressed the opinion that it was taking an injudicious step. After a verbal amendment by Mr Cuthbert it was carried unanimously. Mr Gore will, no doubt, be sufficiently impressed by this manifest desire on the part of his fellow-members to give him the means of establishing his innocence, even when they had to strain a point to do so. He made in the House on Tuesday a long and detailed explanation of all the circumstances, tending to show that he had acted throughout with perfect fairness and integrity. Mr Gobe said the whole matter resolved itself into two points, - viz., did he in any shape or form attempt to put forth a statement intended to deceive the public; and, did he try to foist on the public a property not worth the money asked for it. According to him he had no personal knowledge of the mine over which the trouble has arisen, but simply went shares with several others who sent up an expert to inspect and report upon it. Upon the return of that gentleman with his report half the original party stood out, and Mr Moore went round to offer others a chance to join. It is claimed that no misrepresentation whatever was either made or attempted, that every promoter was fully informed, and that, from present prospects, the mine is worth far more than was given or promised to be given for it. All Mr Gore’s friends in the Wellington Province will cherish a confident hope that he will find no difficulty in making his case good. And, apart altogether from personal considerations, it would be a grave scandal to the Legislative Council and to the colony should he fail in any point to do so. Legislators should be like Caesar’s wife, above suspicion, and the allegations which have arisen out of the Bowman and Gore case, are of a singularly sinister sort. We therefore join in the hope that Mr Gore will emerge successfully from what must be to any man with honorable instincts a peculiarly trying position. In his explanatory speech to the House he said, “ He desired that all his actions with regard to mining should be reviewed, and if any competent man could put a finger upon a point which should exclude him from sitting in the House, he would tender his resignation at once. But he defied anyone to do so,” The challenge is comprehensive and explicit, just as it is to be hoped Mr Gore’s exculpation will be thorough and complete. \------------------------------------------------------ In the Legislative Council lint night, on the motion of Sir F, Sargood, the sessional orders were suspended to permit of the House meeting at 3 o'clock on Wednesdays and Thursdays. In reply to Mr Cuthbert, he said It was unlikely that the business of Parliament could be finished next week, The Council then went into committee on the Local Government Bill, In the Assembly Sir Bryan O’Loghlen’s want of confidence motion was struck out at his own request, Mr Munro moved the rescinding of the sessional order, that no fresh business be taken after 10.30 on Thursdays, so far as related to Government business. This was agreed to on the understanding that no fresh business should be called after 11 p,m. Mr Shiels moved the second reading of the Electoral Rolls Purification Bill, and a debate ensued. The second reading was agreed to, and discussion followed in committee. A largely attended meeting of the Painters' Union was held at the Trades’ Hall last night; Mr Needham, president, in the chair. Mr Meagher stated that the rumor which had gained currency during the past few days to the effect that Mr Stansfield had rendered assistance in obtaining non-union labor for the employers was untrue. It was reported that the employers had been endeavoring to obtain men in Melbourne at the rata of 8. per day for painters, and 9. for paperhangers. An understanding was arrived at that the whole of the members of the union would refrain from dealing with any tradesmen who patronised any of the non-union employers. Owing to the absence of the secretary, Mr J. Robinson was appointed to fill the position pro tem. Most of the men are now at work, and the amount disbursed as strike pay last night amounted to £7 10., against £27 last week. The men state that they are as staunch as at the beginning, and although; as they allege, tempting offers have been made to some of the few men idle, they are determined to fight the matter out. There is every prospect of Ballarat gaining ultimately by the recent meaningless financial scare. A number of owners of spare cash are beginning to think that it is after all safer to invest their surplus money in mining than to run the risk of having it locked up for an indefinite period at comparatively low rates of interest either in banks or building societies. To this feeling no doubt is due to a great extent the advance that has taken place during the present week in Star of the East and Black Horse United shares. A quantity of outside capital is also being diverted into progressive speculations, and generally the prospects of mining in the district are somewhat brighter than they usually are at this period of the year. Only three sittings of the Exchange were held yesterday, the 4 20 p.m. meeting being dispensed with, while the Exchange closed at 5 o'clock, instead of 5 30. This practice will be continued till after the holidays. The business transacted yesterday was better than on any day since the financial scare commenced. The position in connection with the proposed removal of the annexes used during the currency of the Exhibition to a line with the Alfred Hall, remains unchanged. Tile hitch in the proceedings has been occasioned by the Defence Department. It seems that the Orderly-room reserve was leased by the department from the Town Council for a term, of which 15 years has still to expire. The Defence Department is willing that the portion of the lease required for the buildings should be excised, but stipulates that the annexes should first be located on their new site before the land is excised. The Town Council, on the other hand, is averse to granting a draft lease until they know how the buildings are to be utilised, and consider that the excision from the. lease should precede the removal of the annexes. The department makes it a condition precedent, to the excision that there should he a footbridge over the creek, leading into Grenville street, and offer to keep the gate from it padlocked except when used for military purposes. The Town Council are afraid that this might lead to the militia crossing into Grenville street without marching through the town streets, which would frustrate one of the reasons that actuated them in granting the lease to the department. They are also desirous that the buildings, when removed, should not be used for trade purposes in such a way as to compete with business people in the City. The exhibition trustees are prepared to give a guarantee to that effect. Their main object is to improve the appearance of the street, and to secure a revenue (by letting the annexes for storage purposes or for public displays) towards future exhibitions. The points at issue between the three parties to the proposed agreement are not important! nor are they such as cannot be overcome by a little diplomacy. If the committees appointed by the Town Council and the Exhibition committee were to meet the Minister of Defence, no doubt an understanding would speedily be arrived at. We trust some action will be taken in this matter. The removal of the buildings to a line with the facade of the Alfred Hall would certainly be an improvement to the latter building and to the street. In the supplementary estimates submitted to the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, the following items appear : —Ballarat City —To assist in improving Redan Greek, main drain, council to expend £145 additional (re-vote), £145. Ballarat City—To assist in improving Lake Wendouree, council to expend £59 18s 4d additional, £59 18s 4d (re vote). £60. The case of the Picturesque Atlas Company against Edward Searle was brought to a conclusion at the sittings of the County Court yesterday. When the court opened, his Honor Judge Walsh announced that he had decided to reserve all the questions of law for the decision of the Supreme Court. All the other cases on the list of a similar nature were also adjourned until after the announcement of the decision on these points. In another series of cases the promoters of the Picturesque Atlas Company sued a number of persons for the value of numbers delivered. The case taken as a test one was that against Mr J. F. Creati, licensee of the Flying Buck hotel, Springmount. Dr M'lnerney and Mr E. P. Wynne, instructed by Messrs Cuthbert and Co., appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr T. Robinson, of Mitchell, Nevett, and Robinson, for the defendant. The order had been taken in 1886 by an agent of the promoters of the company, and in 1888 three parts were delivered and paid for. The defendant refused to take any more numbers, and the remainder of the parts were subsequently left in one parcel on defendant's premises. In addition to the points raised in the previous case Mr Robinson raised the following questions.— 1, That the contract, if any, was with the plaintiffs, and plaintiffs’ manager proved that plaintiffs did not publish and did not deliver; but on the I5th February, 1886, handed the matter over to the company, without notice. 2, That the contract, if any, was consigned to and executed by the company, who alone could sue, 3. That this was a contract involving artistic skill, and could not be assigned. His Honor stated that he would state a special case for the Supreme Court on these points, and in the meantime would adjourn the whole of the cases. To-morrow the annual regatta will be held at Colac. Several teams from Ballarat will be competing in different events, and it is hoped will render a good account of themselves. An Office for the Dead, followed by Pontifical High Mass, will be celebrated at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Ballarat, to day, at 10 o'clock, for the repose of the soul of the late Dean Donaghy, of Melbourne, Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, will act as celebrant, the assistant priests being Rev. M. Neylan, deacon; Rev. M. Shannahan, sub-deacon; Very Rev, Archdeacon O'Dowd and Rev. J. Marshal], assistants at the throne; Rev, J, Herbert and Rev. J. O'Brien, chanters; and Very Rev, Dr Delaney, D D., master of ceremonies. There will be 36 of the secular clergy of the diocese, besides a number of the Redemptorists and Holy Ghost fathers. Fully 60 priests are expected to be present at the ceremony. The late Dean Donaghy, before he came to Melbourne, had been for some years on the professorial staff of one of the most celebrated ecclesiastical colleges in Ireland, All Hallows, where the present Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Moore, and most of the clergy of his diocese received their ecclesiastical education. As soon as the ceremony in the cathedral is over, the usual annual synod of the clergy of the diocese will be held at the palace. The retreat will terminate immediately after the functions in the cathedral. At the synod any changes or promotions amongst the clergy will be announced by the bishop. In the afternoon the priests will return to their respective parishes. The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council will be held this afternoon. The conference which was to have been held last night at the Trades’ Hall, between the representatives of the local Plumbers' Union and the employers, to discuss the " boy labor " question and other matters of interest in connection with the trade, did not take place owing to the employers failing to attend. The half-yearly meeting of the Mineowners' Association will be held at the Mechanics’ Institute at half-past 2 o’clock this afternoon, Messrs M‘Garey, Bell, Giles, and Ruffe,, on behalf of the Ballarat Tramway Company, waited upon the Sebastopol Council last night in reference to the extension of the tram service through Sebastopol, when negotiations were entered into and the rental fixed at £25 per annum. The mayor stated that the council would expect the company to pay the cost of construction order, and place the line on the side of the road, and to keep the road for a certain distance at the side of the line in repair. On behalf of the company it was pointed out that if the line were constructed on the side of the road it would necessitate the company making the road for the train line, and it was ultimately resolved that the council meet the representatives of the company on Wednesday next to make an inspection of the proposed route. The contractor for the erection of the A.N.A. hall in Camp street (Mr T, Lawrie) is making good progress. The bricklayers have already got in a fair portion of the foundations. A young man named James Wilson was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday with stealing 10s, the property of Mrs Dark, tobacconist. A charge of drunkenness was also preferred against him. The the theft was managed in a very ingenious manner, by what is known as the “ change ” trick. The accused went into Dark's tobacconist's shop, and procured a sixpenny plug of tobacco, and tendered in payment a half sovereign. After he had received the money, he said, “ Oh, by the way, I have too much change in my pocket, and it will come in handy for you." The half-sovereign was returned to him, he added 10s in silver to it, and received a £1 note. Wilson tried the same trick unsuccessfully at Sayers' and the New Eglinton hotels. The prisoner, who was defended by Mr Shaw, was sentenced to two mouths’ imprisonment, with hard labor, and ordered to pay 7s 6d in coats, for the theft. The charge of drunkenness was withdrawn. Correspondence per R. M.S. Parramatta reached Ballarat Post Office from Adelaide at 10.30 a.m. yesterday. Mr John Kelsall, wool merchant, of Lydiard street, proceeded against Messrs Phillips and Chamberlain, produce merchants, at the County Court yesterday, to recover the sum of £95 for damages to a building belonging to the plaintiff. Mr D. S. Wanliss, instructed by Mr S. F. Mann, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr S. Wasley, instructed by Mr C. Salter, for the defence. On the 23rd April last the defendants were in occupation of portion of the plaintiff's premises in Lydiard street, which they had rented, and had stored on the upper floor about 46 tons of produce. The floor collapsed owing to the great weight of the material stored, and the building was damaged, the plaintiff alleged, to the extent of about £95. The cause of the damage was alleged to be the defendants' negligence. The defence consisted in a denial of the tenancy and improper usage, and that they were, therefore, not liable for the damage. It was urged that at the time the defendants took possession, the plaintiff stated that the building was capable of holding any quantity of grain that could reasonably by stored. The evidence of Mr Kelsall was taken and the court adjourned until 10 o’clock this morning. We are informed that a complimentary banquet will be tendered to Mr Phillip Sergeant, at Craig’s hotel, on Saturday proximo, by some of the leading managers of Ballarat. The pavilion just erected on the lawn fronting the City Botanical Gardens will be formally opened at half-past 12 o’clock to day. Mayor Shoppee has invited a number of citizens to lunch with him at the pavilion in honor of the occasion. The old man Thomas Owens, who has been behaving in a very eccentric manner of late, was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday with entering the dwelling house of John O’Brien, with intent to commit a felony. The charge was subsequently altered to the milder one of being found at night, without lawful excuse, on the premises of Mr O’Brien. Mrs O’Brien, licensee of the Bakery Hill hotel, stated that early on Tuesday morning she awoke, and saw the accused, whom she recognised, in her room, shading a lighted match with his hand. He then appeared to be under the influence of drink, and did not answer her question as to what he wanted. She then called her husband, and Owens went out. He was subsequently arrested. Accused, who stated that he remembered nothing about tbe affair, said he was drunk. A charge of attempting to commit suicide was also preferred against him. For the first offence Owens, who elected to be dealt with by the bench, was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. On the other charge—that of attempting to commit suicide—he was let off with a caution, for which he expressed his gratitude. The following candidates have passed the School of Mines examinations for certificates of competency as mine managers, alluvial mines:—Matthew Fern, Joseph Weir, and Griffith Williams, all Ist class. Messrs Gale, Williams, and Phillips, J.P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday. John Morrison was fined 20-, or seven days’ imprisonment, for using obscene language in Bridge street on the previous night. Four tipplers were dealt with, and a number of debt cases, as well as others referred to elsewhere, were also disposed of. About a fortnight ago, it will be remembered, a young man named James M’Ardle was admitted to the Hospital suffering from snake bite. M’Ardle after being bitten by a black snake on the thumb of the right hand tied a piece of string around it and cut a piece of the flesh out. When he was brought in to the Hospital Dr Morrison gave him a hypodermic injection of strychnine, which counteracted the effects of the poison, and he very soon recovered. The ligature, however, was so tightly fastened round the thumb that he lost all feeling in the upper joint, and yesterday it was found necessary to amputate it. The operation was performed by Dr Morrison, the resident surgeon. The memorial stone of the new Wesleyan Church, at the corner of Neil and Macarthur streets, Soldiers’ Hill, will be laid this afternoon, by Mr B. Angwin, one of the oldest office-bearers of the church. The address on the occasion will be delivered by the Rev. Dr Watkins. The proceedings will commence at 3.30 p.m., and tramcars will leave the Post-office for Macarthur street at 3, 3.15, and 4 o’clock, taking passengers to within 100 yards of the site. There will be special singing by the Church choir and pupils of the Sunday school. In the evening a tea meeting will be held, to be followed by a public meeting, at which addresses will be delivered by the Revs. Dr Watkin, H. Bath, C. Lancaster, and others. An alarm of fire was rung out by the bells at both stations at about half-past 11 o’clock yesterday morning. It appears that some woodwork near a coffee grinder at the establishment of Mr Smith, Peel street north, caught fire, but very little damage was done, as the flames were extinguished with a few buckets of water. The case of Hockley v Watkins was called on yesterday at the County Court, and postponed until next sittings, on plaintiff agreeing to pay the costs of the adjournment. What is termed “an unique drawing-room entertainment” is to be given in the new hall, Skipton street, to-night, by Mr and Mrs William Little and family. The programme is of an unusually high-class character, and as it has been in active rehearsal for some time a treat is in store for those who intend being present. The decorations, illuminations, and stage accessories are complete, and present a charming appearance. His Excellency the Governor has extended his patronage, and also the Mayor of the City, who will be present. Arrangements have been made with the Tram Company for cars to be at the hall at 10.15 for Sturt street, lake, and Soldiers Hill, The overture will be at 7.50, and the curtain will rise at 8 o'clock. Ticket-holders are requested to be early, as no money will be taken at the doors till 7.30. We mentioned some time since that the Ballarat East branch of the Australian Natives' Association were endeavoring to raise funds for the improvement of the reserve at the site of the Eureka stockade. Mr W. Robertson, clerk of works for the town, has gratuitously prepared plans, which have been adopted, and to carry out which will involve an expenditure of from £l50 to £200, It is intended to bring the matter before the next conference of the association, so as to secure donations from the various branches. It is thought the way suggested is a fitting one for the natives to display their appreciation of the grand work done by the pioneers. The promoters hope to secure all the money required from the association, and will make strenuous efforts to do so. Butch's Model Band will render the following programme of music on Fern’s balcony, Sturt street, to-night, commencing at 8 o’clock;—Contest march, “ Ballarat,” by T. E. Bulch; overture, “ Fair maid of Perth,” by Volti; valse, “ Mountain and Glen," H, Round; quadrille, “Ally Sloper,” Frost; contest march, “ The typhoon,” by T. E. Rulch; overture, “Cross of honor,” by Bleger; valse, “ Summer Regen,” by K. V. Keliar; galop, “Dandy,” by Pettee; “ God save the Queen,” Messrs Murray, Richards, Morrison, and Coutts, J.P , attended at the City Police Court yesterday, and dealt with three inebriates. A sale of gifts on an extensive scale was opened at St. Andrew's Hall, Dawson street, last evening, by the pastor of the kirk, the Rev, T, R. Cairns. Short addresses were given by the Mr J, G. M‘Donald and Mr J. P. Murray, J.P., who gave an interesting account of the progress of the school during the past few years. The hall had been beautifully decorated with flags, Christmas trees, and evergreens, and presented a pretty appearance. The various stalls, which were well stocked with a varied assortment of useful and ornamental articles, were presided over by the following ladies and gentlemen:- No, I fancy stall, Mrs Cairns and Miss Duthie, assisted by Misses Hogarth, Bell, and Lorimer; No. 2 stall, Misses M’Dougall and Smith, assisted by Misses Wyllie, M’Dongall, and Stalker; No. 3 (art) stall, Misses M'Gowan and R. M’Donald, assisted by Misses Don and Duthie; No. 4 stall, Mrs Gregory and Miss Fraser, assisted by Misses Pinkerton and E. M‘Donald; flower stall, Misses M’lntyre and Purves; refreshment, stall—Misses E M'Gowan, A. Duthie, J. Young, Foster and Bell; Christmas tree —Misses Todd and Phillipson; bran pie—Mr Hogarth; fish pond—Mr Duthie; shooting gallery—Mr W. Smith. The pic- gallery was an exceedingly attractive one, the catalogue of which was drawn up in a very ingenious manner and occasioned considerable amusement. During the evening a programme of instrumental music was carried out by Herr Bruun and Mrs Marshall, A very brisk business was done last night, and the fair, the proceeds of which are in aid of the building fund of the new infant class room, will be continued this afternoon and evening. A young man named David Brown, residing in Sussex street, attended at the Hospital yesterday, suffering from injuries to his fingers caused by a wheel crushing them at Munro’s Implement Works, Alfredton. There was a very large attendance at the meeting of the Women’s Prayer Union yesterday afternoon. The Rev. Mr Leggat, a missionary from the New Hebrides, occupied the chair, and led the devotional exercises. The Rev. W. R. Cunningham delivered a very earnest address, taking as his text Deut, xx., 7 —“ Sanctify yourselves and be ye holy.” Mrs Murray, the president of the union, also gave a short address on the blessings of neighborly friendship.” The meeting was brought to a close by the singing of the doxology. Messrs O’Meara, Heron, and Leader, P's.M., held the annual Licensing Court for the Gordon district yesterday, at the Town Courthouse. The transfer of the license of the Unicorn hotel from Patrick M’Mahon to J. H. Hudson was granted. A renewal of the licenses for the other hotels in the district was granted in the ordinary way. A cake and apron fair was held last evening at St. Stephen’s Church, Clayton street, in aid of the church funds. The building was nicely decorated for the occasion, and an excellent display was made of useful and ornamental articles, which met with a ready sale. The sale was formally opened by Mr W.,Walker, in the absence of Mayor Dunn, who was unable to attend, but forwarded a donation of a guinea. The following are the names of the stall- holders: —Cake and fruit stall—Mesdames Swenson and Walker; refreshment stall, Miss Hall, Miss Dolheguy, and Messrs Dimsden and Rogerson; Christmas tree, Mrs Cameron and Miss Schmidt; fancy, stall, Misses Swenson and Gray; white goods stall, Miss Ludbrook and Miss Schmidt; flower stall, Measdames Stone and Blunck. The fair will be continued this evening, when goods will be offered at reduced prices, and at half-past 8 o’clock a Bruce auction will be held. Two young men named Stephen Bath and Henry O’Brien, who recently tried to settle a difference about a cricket match by means of fisticuffs, were yesterday, at the Town Police Court, each fined 10s, with 3s 9d costs, for insulting behavior. The following thefts have been reported to the police :—From Herminia Carroll, Millbrook, at the Ballarat West railway station, a lady’s gold albert, composed of small nuggets linked together; a gold chased Latin cross; a gold cameo locket; and an enamelled patent key, the whole being valued at £8. From Daniel M‘Kenzie, confectioner. Bridge street, a bay horse of the value of £l2. A children’s picnic was given at the Gardens yesterday by Mr R. Chinnery, the genial host of the Devon and Cornwall hotel , in honor of the birthdays of two of his younger sons. About 200 children were present by invitation, and spent a pleasant day under the care of Mr and Mrs Chinnery, who provided them with all kinds of refreshments, and succeeded in making the outing a most enjoyable one. A meeting of the Maritana Quadrille Club was held last night at the Town Hall hotel for the purpose of fixing the date and place for holding the annual picnic. Mr Gray occupied the chair. There was a large attendance of members. It was decided to hold the picnic at Burrumbeet on the 26th January—Foundation Day— which is now recognised as a general holiday. Last year there was a fair attendance at the picnic, which passed off very pleasantly. This year the date is more suitable, and it is believed the muster will be a much larger one. The arrangement of details was left in the hands of the committee, who intend to draw up a good sports programme, and otherwise cater for the amusement of members and their lady friends. The next annual conference of the M.U.I.O.O.F. will be held at Ballarat, and was referred to at the quarterly district meeting last week. The delegates at this meeting vied with each other in their desire to entertain the representatives who will then be present in as hospitable and kind a manner as they have been received in other places. Prov. G.M. Br Stevenson was appointed examining officer, and P.G.M. Br W. Robertson relieving officer at the annual meeting of the committee of the Ballarat District, M.U.I.O.O.F., held last week. Their names were inadvertently omitted from the report supplied to us. At a meeting of the Grenvilleshire Council yesterday the following charitable votes were agreed to; —Springdallah and Linton Relief Fund, £20; Ballarat Hospital, £20; Benevolent Asylum, £28; Ballarat Orphan Asylum, £l5; Scarsdale Relief Fund, £5; Blind Asylum, £2; Female Hospital, £2; Children's Hospital, £2; Deaf and Dumb, £2; total, £96. At the Smythesdale Police Court on Tuesday, the sitting magistrates,. Messrs J. Lynch and R. Gilhooley, granted hawkers’ licenses to David M’Fadzean, of Scarsdale, and Christopher Howlett, of Newtown, respectively The Ballarat Woollen and Worsted Company are manufacturing an excellent blanketing for battery purposes. The material is now in nse at a number of the principal quartz batteries in this district, and wherever it has been tried has given satisfaction. Mr John Hill is the agent for its sale. At the meeting of the printing committee of the Eight Hours' Day demonstration committee, held at the Trades’ Hall last night, it was decided to depart from the usual custom of placing the printing in the hands of one firm, and that this, year tenders would be called for the work, returnable on the 16th inst. Our Allendale correspondent writes on Thursday:—“An enquiry was conducted at the local court-house yesterday, by Mr R. M. Smyth, J.P., touching the death of Francis Hill, who died suddenly on Tuesday, at the Hepburn Estate Leasehold mine. Evidence was given by his mate, Roger Burke, and Dr Allen, who made a post mortem examination. A verdict was given in accordance with the medical testimony, that death had resulted from anaemia and sudden failure of the heart’s action. The funeral of the deceased was conducted this afternoon, and was very largely attended by members of the Creswick branch of the A.M.A. and friends, the place of interment being the Creswick Cemetery.” The rainfall for November, as registered by Mr T. Bath, of Ceres, Learmonth, was 1'77 inches, as against 3'78 inches for the same month of last year. The rainfall for the 11 months ending November was 22'41 as against 25'31 inches for the corresponding period of last year. \----------------------------------------------------- 