CHAPTER XIII. 1st. Gent.-Our deeds are fetters that we forge our . ; selves. 2nd Gent.-Ay, truly, but I think it is tlie world That bnng3 the iron. ' In university parlance, Claude Maclean " sported his oak1' after the departure of his visitors. In plain English he shut himself up in his studio ^nd declined himself to other callers that he might nurse his wrath, which was great. Claude Maclean had been brought up with too much Spartan simplicity to endure with patience the emasculated manhood of the fashionable dawdler. The blood of the old Covenanters thatran in his veins, rendered him .contemptuous of men who by their vices invite popular odium on their order." He held fast to the old maxim noblesse oblige, with the result that for men of the stamp , of Sir Reginald Denison he felt an instinctive antipathy almost amounting to loathing. The baronet's request to be furnished with the address of his model stirred the anger that he felt on seeing a man of besmirched reputation enter his studio to a white heat of fury. The possibility of Wini fred being subjected to the intrusive imperti nence of Sir Reginald Denison added fuel to the flame. In the mood in which he found himself after his visitors had left he would willingly have snatched at any excuse for giving the baronet a sound thrashing that would cover him with bruises and leave every bone in his body sore and aching;. He felt himself almost ready for homicide if Sir Reginald chanced to return. " Curse the fellow's impudence," he exclaimed, in his .wrath. "Hangingis too good for human ver min like him. He . aght to cut up into bits." Then a sudden ti.juglit caused liim to bound out of his chair. " What a fooi I am not to have thought of ' it before," hei cried. " Lady Polehamptdn will take him there, of course. What more natural, seeing that Lord Polehampton has bought her picture faiid has so generously interested him self in her career. That scamp Denison, who is still as black as they make 'em, will soon know the address he was so keen after." And seizing his hat Claude rushed from the house, banking the door behind him in his fierce impetuosity. .; The mystery that hung over Winifred's life during those three years concerning which she was so curiously reticent had often occupied Claude's mind since his visit to Glen-Orlocn at Christmas, though he_ was as far from arriving at a satisfactory solution as ever. But his faith in the purity of her nature did not waver, despite the uncomfortable element of mvstery that surrounded her. ' He never doubted that what ever personal reasons Winifred might have for her silence the interests, real or imaginary, of some one else occasioned her reserve, and that whenever the curtain came to be lifted and her hidden past disclosed, the revelation would bring her unblemished purity into striking relief. Claude Maclean was too ob servant a student of human life to be unaware of the manifold reasons that might lead a virtuous woman to bury sad reminiscences of the past in the oblivion of silence. He was too noble-minded to be readily accessible to suspicion regarding any person. It wa3 the working theory of life to take human nature on trust until reasons for distrust were forth coming, and when once he gave his faith he gave it outright. But as he hurried along the streets the ques tion forced itself on his mind- Was Sir Regi nald. Denison bound up in any way with tne secret of Winifred's life 1 Was it possible that the baronet had contrived in some manner to obtain some hold upon her 1 Claude recoiled from the bare supposition, but he could ^ not thrust from his mind the startled look of astonishment which Sir Reginald betrayed , when the curtain was withdrawn from the picture. Claude felt that the look was not one of surprised delight in a work of art. Amaze ment, perplexity, and something that seemed like recognition were imprinted on the baronet's face. It was this that troubled Claude. He felt that the mystery, that sur rounded Winifred was thickening and that the shadow of some great trouble that he was unable to define was. gathering round the path of the woman he loved with a devotion that nothing could quench. A rapid walk of ten minutes brought him to the street where Winifred lived. He. arrived in time to see the carriage containing Lady Polehampton and Lady Isabel being driven away from the door _ whilst Sir Reginald followed in the same direction at a leisurely pace. He fretted and fumed over the delay that ensued before the one servant that Wini fred kept opened the door in answer to his im- ! perative knock. "Is Miss;West at home?" he enquired with breathless agitation ; and without waiting for a reply he pushed past the domestic and made for the studio, where he found Winifred look ing pale and limp with her head reclining on her hand, buried in thought. - The last months of .Winifred's life had brought her great happiness. The only tinc ture of bitterness in her cup was the sense of the hopeless passion for Claude Maclean that had come to. her unawares, and the struggle that it entailed to hide it within her own breast and live' her life as she must have lived it if j fate had not brought them together. In her devotion. to her art she had found a relief from the misery of self-introspection and the sharper pang of vague desires never to be | realised, and her endurance had been orowned with new strength, enabling.her to rise superior to the natural weakness of-her sex. With the victory over self there had come to ; her a great peace. But with the ghosts of the n'; newly risen from the grave in which she i thought them laid for ever she felt that there was an end to lier tranquility. The »p« pearance of Sir Reginald Denison had roused all the faculties of her' nature into intense exer cise. For the first time she realised to the full ; extent the blight that he had oast upon her i life and the great bliss that might have been { hers but for the. accidental meeting in the i gallories of the Louvre years before with all i that followed upon that. She rebelled against the idea that her life was just what she had ; made it. She could not plead with herself that j she had been reluctantly drawn into an unsuit able marriage, but, in some dim way;, she felt | that Life had not been just to her in leaving - her in her youthful inexperience and guileless j trustfulness at' the mercy of the firsb villain i who chanced, in plausible guise, to cross her j path. How terribly bitter it was. How weary of life she had grown in a few short minutes. But Winifred roused herself on hearing Claude's footsteps and smiled her old sweeb smile aa she extended her hand in greeting. " I am so glad to see you, Mr. Maclean," she said. "It is nearly, a fortnight since you were here; and I was feeling just now that the sight of a friendly face would be wel come. "You have had visitors, I suppose," said Claude, at a loss for an excuse to explain his agitation, which he thought Winifred could nob fail to see. "Yes; Lady Polehampton has been here with her brother and Lady Isabel Childe." "I would have given a thousand pounds rather than this should have happened," said Claude, with ill-suppressed anxiety. " Unfor tunately that man Denison saw my'Helen' and there was an evil light in his ey;e as he looked at the picture. I saw by his look that he meant mischief. And now he has found the original I am. full of all kinds of strange fears. " I do not fear Sir Reginald Denispn, "replied Winifred, with quiet dignity. "You need be under no apprehension on my account." '' Winifred," said Claude, seating himself by her side and taking her hand in his. "I have been silent too long. I have only refrained from speaking lest my words should pain you. Look at me, Winifred, and tell me that you love me. I have loved you ever since I knew you. You remember where that was. I lay unconscious and delirious in the hospital yonder, and it seems to me now that in my un conscious state I had dreams of the angels-of you, my own pure bright angel, most of all. When first I came to myself your beautiful face hovered near me, and this hand that I am hold ing now soothed my fevered brow in my weak ness and pain. You have brought me baok to life. I owe everything to you. My whole heart is yours. Ail my hope of happiness is in your hands to fulfil or to destroy. Give me the right to protect you. Say that you love me, if only a little. Say that you will be my wife." And he drew the unresisting form of Winifred closer to him until her head lay pillowed on his breast, whilst he kissed her again and again. (To be continued.) 