NOVEL A WAVE OF LIFE, By CLYDE FITCH (continued.) CHAPTER III. Mrs. Synnett was never happier than when receiving her friends on Sunday evening. Twe moment any one entered her rooms she made him feel welcome, and then agreeable in conversation somiwhere. She was with her guests like an artist with his colors : she knew how to combine those that went well together. And her music-room was always crowded, because people knew they would not be depended upon to amuse themselves and their hostess at Mrs. Synnett's. This Sunday evening Farnsworth and Wel- don had dined there informally, after walk- ing home with the two girls from the afternoon service at St. Mary's, where they had gone to hear some festival music. Wel- don was being made use of by Mrs. Synnett. He was always willing to be introduced to any one for the sake of helping her in any way. He did not have Farnsworth's tact himself of filling up a breach, but he would allow himself to be bored with composure, when told how. Rita was regularly sacrificed on the social altar every Sunday evening by her mother, without any of the parental compunction which filled the breast of Abraham when he led Isaac up the mountain. Nothing, of course, was expected of Madge, except what she would do of her own sweet will, which some- times was more than the others were capable of, but was more often rather little. She stood this evening with Farnsworth, at one side, telling him who the people were as they came in, and criticising freely. Rita saw the evident state of good feeling be- tween them with pleased surprise. ' Ah ! who is that ?' asked Farnsworth, as a tall, handsome woman dressed in red, with a superb figure, greeted Weldon somewhat impressively, and took him away from an- irresponsive, middle-aged, thin little crea- ture, a poetess whose volume had not yet come out, and with whom he had been trying to converse on his whole repertoire of topics. ' That's Mrs. Norrie. Isn't she stun- ning ?' ' Who is she ?' ' Why, don't you know ? She writes so- ciety articles for the papers. Every one is awfully afraid of her except the men, and they all worship her.' ' I don't wonder.' ' No, do you ? I'm with the men. I'm devoted to her. We're great friends. I'll introduce you.' ' Thanks,—later ; I'm in no hurry just now. Who's her husband ?' ' Her what ?' repeated Madge, laughing. ' I'm sure I don't know. Nobody does. No- body ever saw him or heard of him. She hasn't any.' ' But I thought you said she was Mrs. Norris ?' ' I did, but she's a divorcee. I should have thought you'd know that when I told you she was a society correspondent of the newspapers. They nearly all are. I think it must be one of the requirements; and they add to it the ability to keep their repu- tation better and longer than most society women, and against twice as great odds.' Farnsworth was watching her talk with Weldon. Her face was full of splendid animation. Health, spirit, worldly wisdom, freedom, were expressed in every feature and movement. She would have made a fine Goddess of Liberty as she stood there. ' We've known her,' Madge went on, ' ever since I can remember. She's awfully amus- ing, and so clever. You ought to hear her apologise for putting mamma's " at homes" in her notes, because mamma pretends she doesn't like being in the newspapers, when we know, and so does Mrs. Norris, of course, that it really pleases her, and that she cuts out and keeps every notice.' ' She seems to like Weldon very much.' ' Yes, because she can't flirt with him. He doesn't know how to flirt. You'd better give him lessons.' She looked quizzically at him. ' Thanks,' said Farnsworth, smiling. ' I shouldn't like to interfere with your training. I should say he was in a fair way to learn here, if he is going to at all.' ' That's one for you,' said Madge ; ' but I told Rita, after the first time I saw you, that you were a flirt.' ' Did you?' answered Farnsworth, pro- vokingly. ' Oh, you're getting disagreeable again,' said Madge. ' Let's talk about the people. You'll know them all intimately before the winter's over. Most of them come regu- larly.' ' Well, then, tell me who all those people are grouped in the corner.' ' Where ? Oh, yes. The man standing is a Browning reader. The lady next to him with the suspiciously golden hair, is Mrs. Hedder, the great amateur actress (don't you know ?—five dollars a ticket, and no seat when you get there). They're always to- gether ; she says her husband doesn't care for society, and it's quite evident he doesn't —for that of his wife. The quiet little woman next to her is an uninteresting non- entity, but she's very rich, and takes a box for all of Mrs. Heddar's performances, and belongs to all of the Browning classes : so they are naturally polite to her. Her hus- band's here somewhere, I'm sure ; yes, there he is over in the alcove, looking at a book. That's the way he spends his whole evening, generally with the same book, and we don't bother him, because we know it embarrasses him to meet strangers, and he can't talk to save his neck. His wife wants to be known as a society woman, though why the Lord only knows, for she always seems bored to death, and no one would take any notice of her if she didn't boast a chef and give one of the best dinners in New York. ' Those two men talking together beside her are both clever : the swellest one, with the big boutonniere, is an English literature professor, and a delightful essayist ; the other's a newspaper editor. One's a Repub- lican, and the other's a Democrat ; and that's the way they go on all evening. The tall, aristocratic-looking woman just going to join them is Miss Wright, the Social Sci- entist.' Madge paused, a little out of breath. ' Is it really ?' exclaimed Farnsworth, leaning over interestedly to see her better. ' Do you know her ?' asked Madge. ' No : oh, no : but I've heard of her. Please go on. You can't imagine how en- tertained I am.' This was quite true, and Madge, who was also enjoying it, continued : ' The rest of the group in the corner are— the pretty woman in the yellow dress has written a successful play, which is running now somewhere. The handsome man behind her is an English actor, the leading man in Mary Anderson's company. She was going to marry him once, which is enough to make a lot of other women want to now. Next to him is a poet who writes delightful verses which every one reads. Just behind us— don't look around—is his opposite. The round girl with them plays on the piano,— really plays, like a dream,—the kind of music which makes the chills creep up and down your back. Now,' taking a breath and smiling ot Farnsworth, who smiled back, en- joying himself hugely, ' the lady to whom mamma takes so many people is a new novelist ; but of course you know her : you brought her here. That man poor Rita is speak- to is a physiologist of some sort,—I don't know exactly what, but it's disagreeable, and no one else will talk to him, so she has to, though the doesn't understand half he says, as he has an impediment in his speech.' He looked at Rita just as she had turned her head away from him. She was envying Madge with all her heart, but was honestly trying to pay attention to Mr. Roscommon. Farnsworth saw the distant look in her clear eyes, and felt the kind little smile was forced. He wanted to go to her, to take her away from that man who seemed to be in the midst of a long harangue and made motions every now and then, as he talked, with a large, flat hand He decided he would go after Madge had finished her amusing description. ' The best dressed woman in the room is Mrs. Van Ostrand,' said Madge. ' She's a connection of the A——s, and is the friend who always sends us our Assembly tickets, and is one of the few of that set who come often to the house. She comes because it's different here and amuses her. The man coming in now is a hushand without his wife, for a change, instead of the other way around. His wife is a great friend of ours, but she doesn't approve of Sunday night ' at homes,' so she comes to see us other times. The tall, lanky man by the piano is a widower with three children, who has been in love with Rita for the last few years, but who follows her about from a a distance so you can't exactly snub him. He's never had the courage to propose ; and we've concluded that when he married before it must have been leap-year. He writes. Everybody here does something. Those who don't do anything else over-exert them- selves in their attempts to do nothing. ' The handsome man with the grey hair is an army officer from the fort, who goes everywhere that Mrs. Norris does. Three times there has been a report spread that they were going to be married ; but they aren't yet. You see that rather stout, bald man who is going around trying to make himself agreeable to every one who'll let him ? He was a very popular singer once, but it's the ghost of his voice now that walks. I knew that voices usually float, or soar, or something like that, but his doesn't any longer, I assure you : it has come down now and walks. Of course he can't get professional engagements any longer so he goes to all the ' at homes' he can, hoping to be asked to sing as a favour. A great many people do ask him, but mamma doesn't dare, for I've told her I would not play when he sang. He sets my teeth on edge. I know it's horrid of me, but I can't help it. And of course mamma always likes to exhibit her daughter. It's dread- ful to have the showman instinct in your mother. There, I've finished.' ' I'm sorry,' said Farnsworth, laughing heartily. ' And you must tell me who this is,' as a young college boy walked past them and stumbled over a chair, his hands being apparently the only things in the room of which he was conscious. ' That,' said Madge, suppressing a smile as the subject bowed to her and then rolled his eyes up and stared hard at the ceiling to show he was perfectly at ease,—' that is Mrs. Osprey's son. She takes him around with her everywhere ; she says he's such a protection ;—though against what she needs it no one can imagine. That is she talking to the unappreciated poet behind us,—the very middle-aged lady in the girlish dis- guise.' ' Why is it,' asked Farnsworth, ' that people are so afraid of growing old ? Nearly every one is the same. We value youth almost above riches.' ' I know it,' said Madge. ' If women especially would only learn to grow old gracefully ! But we don't somehow ; we spend all our time trying to rub out the lines Time draws, like the photographer who, in ' touching up' a photograph, usually leaves it characterless. Well, most of the other people are charming, as you will find out for yourself. Now I'm going to present you to Mrs. Norris.' Mrs. Norris and Farnsworth liked each other from the first. She had read his book and enjoyed it, and she made him realize this without actually telling him so. ' Of course you're in love with Madge,' she said. ' Isn't she a wonderful creature ?' ' Yes, she is; but I don't feel that I know her yet : I don't understand her.' ' You mustn't expect to understand her,' answered Mrs. Norris. ' There are some things, human as well as divine, that you must take on faith. Madge Synnett is one of them. I'd give anything if one of my children were like her.' ' One of your what ?' exclaimed Farns- worth, his surprise getting the better of him. ' Yes,' said Mrs. Norris, looking at him amusedly and quite enjoying it. ' Didn't you know I had two children down in my old place on the Hudson ?—dear, nice children ; but it's true I seldom speak of them, and they never come up to town. They're living with a maiden aunt of mine, a good old creature who always had all the maternal feeling of the family.' Farnsworth was on the point of asking how old they were, but saved himself just in time, and spoke of Rita instead. Mrs. Norris echoed his admiration, but said she understood her less than Madge. ' I love her,' she said, ' but she's quite beyond me, and she's the one person in the world who reminds me I have a conscience. I'm never with her long at a time without seeing her do something which I know I ought to do, but I won't take the trouble. She's a clever little thing, too. She's a rival of yours : she writes.' ' Yes, I know it,' said Farnsworth ; ' I ve seen several of her short stories : they are quite original, and her simplicity of style is delightful. It is only because she is as yet immature in her work that she has not had more success. I believe with some great experience she would do great things.' ' Of course she hasn't Madge's genius,' remarked Mrs. Norris, with the complacent air with which so many women speak of the divine spark. ' Yes !' answered Farnsworth, in a non- committal voice, not sure himself whether he should speak so decidedly. ' What an amusing crowd there are here !' he continued, after a moment. ' I suppose you know them all ?' ' Yes, most of them. I wish I could be carried off and dropped right down in the middle of an entirely new set of people. These all get to look more or less alike,—do you notice it ? each one seems to say to the other, ' I do so and so, what do you do ?' and your first thought always on being in- troduced to any one is, ' I wonder what he's written.' ' 'But yet they are not all writers, are they ?' ' No, indeed ; there are painters and mu- sicians among them, and some very delightful people who read and listen. And here's one of the bores,' she added, as an over-dressed little woman passed her and bowed conspicuously. ' That's the third time she's bowed to me to-night : she's greeted me from all over the room. Do you know why ? she wants me to be sure to see her, and put her name in the ' amongst those present.' Isn't she silly ?' Farnsworth laughed as if it were a good joke. He liked this woman : first, because she was so candid, and because she had an opinion ; then, besides, he liked her manner and her personality. They had been talking some time, during all of which she had stood beside him, as tall as he, and as straight, moving her head well and keeping her splendid figure in perfect repose. She was one of those few women who seem to be totally unconscious of their appearance. She had not once arranged her gown even surreptitiously, nor touched her waist, nor fastened a jewel nor tampered with her fan, nor minded her glove. ' Come,' she said, ' we might as well sit down ; there's no extra charge,' laughing, and raising her eyebrows, ' and Algernon Boling- broke is going to read some Browning, I see.' The man with the bright tie, of the group in the corner, was leaning towards Mrs. Hedder, who was evidently advising him what to read. ' Are you fond of Browning ?' asked Farnsworth. ' Well, to be honest, I don't care for any poetry : the rhyme annoys me. I've always thought I should like Browning, but some- how I can never listen : as soon as any one has commenced reading, a word or some- thing in the poem suggests something else personal to me, and my thoughts go wonder- ing off, and my attention is only attracted again by some sentence which strikes forcibly, I don't exactly know why.' ' Yes, but don't you think—— ' ' 'Sh ' motioned Mrs. Norris : ' he s going to commence. I always pretend to listen, at any rate : I think its brutal not to.' Mr. Algeron Bolingbroke stood by the piano, leaning slightly against it. He had a plain but strong and attractive face. A heavy lock of of stray black hair fell over on his forehead, refusing to stay in place. His long frock-coat fitted to perfection, and his boutnnoniere was a cluster of white tuberoses. He turned over the leaves of a well-worn book for a few moments. Mrs. Hedder remained where he had left her, only taking a more intense attitude. She held a hot-house rose tightly in one hand which dropped over the arm of her chair, in the other she rested her chin, with her elbow on her knee, and opening her lips a little, remained so, rigidly, through the whole read- ing, her eyes fixed straight ahead of her. She was thinking about the costume she was going to have for the next play, and deciding on the materials. Most of the people in the room drew nearer, or to one side, until some idea of a semicircle was obtained in front of the reader. The unsuccessful poet leaned against the casing of one of the windows, with his head thrown back, and gazed at the chandelier. A rival reader withdrew into a distant corner to whisper witty criticism and complimentary inuendoes to Mrs. Osprey. Young Osprey slipped out of the room and through the front door into the street to smoke a cigarette. A group of true ad- mirers of Robert Browning and appreciators of Bolingbroke's really good reading were just in front. Those who affected an admir- ation which they were not capable of feeling were withdrawn discreetly a little outside the circle, where they could watch the people in the room. The successful new novelist and several others who had been having a very jolly time, and who never cared for reading of any sort, showed their genial breeding, like Mrs. Norris, by good naturedly preparing themselves to listen. Mrs. Van Ostrand found a retired place behind the piano, where she leaned back in a lounging- chair and closed her eyes ; she would be quite rested at the end of the poem to go to Mrs. Steering's. The small elderly poetess whose volume had not yet appeared sat inside the semicircle, close to Bolingbroke, because she was quite deaf, and, as it was, only caught a word now and then. Weldon sat in one window-seat, unconsciously look- ing at his hands. Madge sat in another with Captain Galloway, watching Weldon. Mr. Roscommon had just told Rita, with a gesture, that he would finish what he was explaining after the reading. Poor Rita commenced to look as if her head was aching. Farnsworth could not allow it any longer. ' Do you know,' he said, ' it's a shame for Miss Synnett to be sacrificed to that man ? Can't we rescue her from him ?' ' Yes,' answered Mrs. Norris. ' I'll go over with you. You take Rita off, and leave me for Roscommon. I mean it,' she said ; ' it won't make any difference to me whom I am with during the reading, and for a little while after that he'll amuse me: he always does. He says every one has only three bones, or something like that ; I never do quite understand exactly what his theory is, but it's something funny, and I pretend to get converted to it every time we talk to- gether. Then I can always get rid of him, and that seraph never could.' ' You're an angel of mercy,' he said, in a mockingly empressee manner. ' Never,' she answered. ' I'm too old.' Rita fairly beamed upon them. Farns- worth felt guilty that he had not come before. How exquisitely pretty she was ! She was a seraph : she was one of the few people he could remember having seen to whom the stereotyped girl and conventional employ- ment of the generally accepted angel would have been becoming. Madge once said, in the expressive way she had, ' You might do anything you could think of to Rita, but you could never make her look flat.' Mr. Bolingbroke had the good sense, in so mixed an assembly, to give one of the very short poems ; it was a tragic one, which ended abruptly, and one of the ladies in the outer circle, who had happened to listen, forgot herself and asked rather loudly if he wasn't going to read the rest of it. The un- appreciated poet, with his eyes still fastened upon an artificial candle jet of gas, thought how he would have ended the same poem. The rather deaf poetess said nothing ; for she thought he hadn't begun yet. Mrs. Hedder amply sighed very ex- pressively, and altered her position ; she had decided she could manage to wear four gowns in three acts by changing the order of two of the scenes which did not affect her part in the least. But Mrs. Hedder's wealthy friend, the lady who attended all the Brown- ing readings, murmured ' Sweet !' Mrs. Van Ostrand opened her eyes slowly and asked who was singing, and was very glad nobody heard her. Mrs. Norris, looking at Mr. Roscommon, said it was entirely too short,—which emboldened Mrs. Synnett, buttressed by the Browningites, and politely seconded by the successful novelist and her clique, to beg for another selection. Accord- ingly, after the necessary amount of becom- ing hesitation, Bolingbroke, thinking better to meet his audience, recited ' From Ghent to Aix,' with not a little spirit. Weldon joined heartily in the applause which followed it, and several others looked pleased to have heard something familiar to them. Mrs. Osprey exclaimed that she had heard that before,—was that Browning, too ? She was so fond of Browning ! She had heard ' Aurora Leigh' read beautifully once. While Mrs. Synnett was shaking Boliog- broke's hand and thanking him, and the Browningites were crowding around, the rest of the company changed about. Mrs. Norris told Mr. Roscommon really she should think over quite seriously what he had just been saying, as she allowed Captain Galloway to drag her away from the physiological discussion. Weldon had joined Madge, and Farnsworth and Rita had made themselves comfortable in his window-seat. Rita said she ought to go and help pour the tea, but Farnsworth said he would not allow her to, that she had done too much for the guests already ; and she remained where she was, only too happy to be commanded to do any- thing by him. Farnsworth could not but notice her pleasure at being with him, but he accepted it without question. Her manner had completely changed. She was full of animation and good spirits. She confessed she had heard scarcely a word of what that dreadful Mr. Roscommon had been talking about : she was watching Madge and him all the time. ' What were you talking about?' she asked. Her eyes never wandered from his face when he spoke to her ; she thought it was because he had so much expression. ' Your sister was telling me who the people are,' he said, smiling at her. She smiled back. ' No wonder you were laughing. Isn't Madge bright ?' She looked away from him, just for a moment, towards her sister affectionately. ' I'm so glad you're all right. You know there was a sort of coolness.' ' There was something. She certainly did not like me at first. She says she told you that night, after dinner, that I was a flirt.' ' Yes, she did. Are you ?' She asked it half seriously. ' Not guilty, your ladyship.' ' Gentlemen of the jury, the prisoner is dismissed.' ' But you ought to define the charge. What is flirting ?' asked Farnsworth. ' Oh,' replied Rita, sitting up straight and with a funny imitation, in miniature, of one of Mr. Roscommon's sweeping ges- tures, ' flirting is—flirting is a game,' she lapsed back into her natural manner, ' which two play at, both mutually pretend- ing an especial interest, and neither one believing in himself or in the other.' ' If they are both on their guard, and know the rules of the game, there isn't much harm done, I suppose,' said Farns- worth, ' except that after a time they won't be able to tell the real interest from the feigned one, and then they lose the former and the latter is nothing to gain.' ' Sometimes it does happen that one is not as experienced as the other, and makes a mistake and gets in earnest.' ' Yes, and then we cannot but blame—— Ah ! your sister is going to play.' ' Oh, dear!' said, Rita, anxiously : ' don't forget where you left off, will you ?' Madge looked at Farnsworth as she took up her violin. She saw him stop talking instantly and lean back to listen. It pleased her. For a moment she thought she would ask him to play her accompani- ment, but she saw Rita, and, after a second's hesitation, asked the young pianiste instead. The latter accompanied willingly and well. Madge played even better than usual. Everybody listened. Farnsworth's thoughts wandered off to the country home of his boyhood. He thought of the beautiful rolling fields his mother used to take him walking over ; he could see her now, and feel the touch of her hand, and hear the low murmur of her sweet voice as she talked to him of his father. He could see the soft grey clouds drifting over their heads, and again they passed through the wicker gate that made an opening in the delicious thick green hedges which bounded their garden. Rita, half hidden in the window-seat won- dered of whom he was thinking. (To be Continued.) 