Ladies' Column. TIlE best method of cleaning suede gloves is to put them on the hand or on a glove.stretcher and rub them with milk and soap with a piece of soft clean flannel until they are clean. If they are not left on the stretchers blow them into shape and leave them to dry. When dry, rub them tillthey are soft, and pull them into shape. The best way to wash the hair is to rub the white of an egg into the roots, making partings for the pur pose; rub the head all over whilst the egg is about it; wash well with soap and tepid water. When clean, pour some water as warm as can be borne over the head, and immediately afterwards some water quite cold. A pint basin is a good medium for ap plying this douche. Fill it and empty on the back of the head, holding the face over a large basin. Wring the water out of the hair. Rub thescalp till it glows round and round with a rough towel. Roll up.the hair next, and tiea towel round the wet head; after a while take it off. The hair then is nearly dry, and the head warm; brush the hair and spread it out. Do not dress it till quite dry. A bright old lady of New York has suggested that the managers of the World's.Fair, as a matter of national pride, as well as for the astonishment of foreign visitors, should make a collection of Americans over 100 years old. It is a faithful saying that the 'wife's want is the husband's oppor tunity,' and the converse of the proverb is equally true. It is one of the misfortunes of unregulated families that both wife and husband insist upon having the last word. Nothing can be more fatal. The Princess Maud of Wales has devoted some of her spare time during the past season to studying the mandolin, and has set the fashion amongst ladies. A little band of 12 players constantly assemble to practice this charming instrument. A 'flower match' formed an in teresting item recently in connection with a school treat on the Sussex Downs. Twenty-eight girls tookpart in the competition. They were allowed two hours to scamper over the hills in search of botanical speci mens, which each girl had to pick for herself and carry without a basket, only one example of each kind of flower being allowed. The first prize was awarded to a child bearing the appropriate name of Lily Rose, who presented her judges with 55 specimens. The husband and wife should study eachi:other'se 'weak points, for the same reason that'skaters look out for airholes in the ice, in order to keep clear of them. Unfortunately, how ever, they often use. their knowledge of such tender spots for a differont purpose, sparing no. pains to give them a rub on every possible occasion. Hence domestic difficulties innumer able. Women have immense power over men, and they know it; but, alas, they do not always exercise their influence wisely. The wife and mother should be the primary orb of the domestic system, the centre of attraction to all the members of the family group; for when wives are 'repellant bodies' away go husbands and fathers and sons, flying off to seek elsewhere the peace and pleasure denied them at home. The smoking jacket for women is the latest of New York novelties. It is not at all mannish in shape, but is severely made with frills or plaits, to afford no cover for the smoke. Pongee silk is the favourite material. and a certain Royal Princess has one in a colour appropriately called "tobao" of linen, lined with dead gold surah. Stripediflannels and blue serges are the dominating dress materials for travelling, the seaside, or the country. They wear well and look the same if simply made. The stuffs must be good, and can be enhanced: with silk ornamentations. For evening wear foulards, satinettee, and muslins. Black toilettes are still very popu lar. Black alpaca is used with good effect. Simple and stylish is a gown of alpaca, semi fitting, the jacket out with rounded basque. There are three buttons across the chest, the vest, which is not conspiouous, being of white drill speckled black. Robes still retain the tendency to length, with a ghost of a train, and a sort of umbrella expansion. Sleeves continue to be worn high, and the shoulders square. Pinks and blues are the reigning colours. A stylish visiting dress is of black Irish poplin, with a panel of tur quoise blue poplin embroidered with jet; full plastron, also embroidered with jet; bonnet of black lace orna mented with jet sprays. There was a time when a black dress was never seen at a wedding; now, on the contrary, black is most fashionable for weddings. But, lalte la . let us see (says Le Journal does Modes) what kind of black is worn. First, the dress itself is of the richest of perfection of silk, and the skirt is edged round with a lace flounce, embroidered with glit tering gems. The jacket bodice is opened also over a waistcoat of the same glittering embroidery, composed of pearls, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds, and it is, moreover, edged round with a deep lace flounce, like the flounce on the skirt, and the sleeves are likewise entirely of the same lace. A GOOD sot of artifcial tooth Ispreferablo to a baa set of natural. This statemont will bo accopted. not as setting art ES rivalry to nature, but as ie praIso of art where the decadenco of natnre will allow art to stop in and Cominonsato, as far as may be, for her decay. But when tile natural totlh aro lost, in whole or part, then artiflcial substitutes arc notonly delIrable but absolutely and Indispensably nocassary for voioe, appearance, comfort, and-far above all other eonsiderations-health. The above advnatagee are guaranteed to all who are sapplied with artifieial teeth by Mr. J. I. Mnarahall, of 8ydney Arcade (Georgeand King stroets, Sydney.) "null eots, £51 18 carat gold. 