CANTERBURY. For Canterbury, the largest electorate in New South Wales, tlio central polling-booth is situated at the hustings, Ashfield. It is estimated that some 11,000 of the 17,000 odd electors 011 the poll exercised their franchise. During tho polling the utmost good order prevailed, there being an absence of the rowdy element which is almost inseparable from such an event. But tilings were destined to change for the worse before the termina tion of the proceedings. During the eight hours ailowod for voting there was a con tinuous stream of voters into the Ashfield booth, vviio fixed up the little matter between themselves and their favorites and left as quietly as they arrived, and this good conduct was apparent everywhere. The public holiday proclaimed for the purpose of giving all an opportunity of exercising their franchise was largely availed of, and by noon several thousands oi votes had been recorded. Opinions .differed widely as regarded tiie ehancc3 of the nino political aspirants who had planted down their £40, the supporters of each candidate being prepared fo stake their very existerieo that lie would be among the lucky quartette when the numbers went up. Knots gathered in all directions eagerly discussing the questions relating to the tray, and some of the theories advanced were highly, amusing. It was evident that the labor party ivs gi ving a solid vote, and us tlio day advanced the general impression was that they would come out on top. The chances of Alessrs. Carruthera, Eve, Danaliey nnd Bavister were most pronounced. At any rate the protectionist candidate seemed to have but lew supporters, and as the results allowed, the electors of Canterbury declined, with thanks, the services of the gentleman who desired, to plant restriction in their midst. It- was equally evident that Mr. Henson would be a long way behind, and as reports, in most cases unreliable, came to band of tlio state of tine poll, there were cheers and counter cheers given for the re spective candidates. Precisely at 4 o'clock the booths were closed, several hundred electors recording their votes during the last half hour, so that the officials had all their work cut out to keep pace with the de mands made upon them. Towards 5 o'clock tlio crowd began to muster iu great force, and all sorts of waiters wore made that Air. So-and-So was atsead. Ono nlividual re marked that he had given Air. Webster a vote so that he might save his £40, and it is certain that this sympathy was largely extended towards that candi date, whom everyone knew had not the ghost of a show. At 6 o'clock tho nmnbera had greatly increased, and rowdyism shortly afterwards became ram pant, and continued with bnt slight inter mission until tho declaration of the polL By 7 o'clock some 2000 people had collected in the vicinity of tho hustings at Ash field, a large percentage becoming im patient with long waiting, and no doubt anxious for some diversion, began to vir tually run riot, and very soon the fray was at its height. Several inob3 of rowdies en gaged themselves in the manly pursuit of jostling tho more respectable section of the crowd, and followed this up with throwing flour among them. The police had all tlieir work cut out to keep tlfe mob back, aud whilst performing this duty were literally overed with flour. In fact, it is doubtful whether a solitary individual of the last body escaped this sort of treatment. Whilst some were employed in this occupa tion, others wero surrounded by knots hero aud there as tliey descanted on the political Crisis aud bellowed themselves into a state of exhaustion. It was expected the poll would ho declared bv 9 o'clock at the very latest, and v/lieu 10 o'clock struck and there was no sign of the numbers being made known, many returned homewards disgusted with the officials. Tho reporters wero refused any information until the whole of the returns were made up, aud treated most discourteously, and had it not been for the intervention of Sub-Inspector Ross might liavo remained waiting all night for the details of tho polling. At a quarter to 11 o'clock tlio last returns wero completed, and the returning-officer (Air. Underwood), mouuted the hustings for the purpose of announcing the state of the poll, when lie was greeted with shrieks, hoots, etc., and his voice became inaudible oven to those imme diately behind him. He, however, declared the result to be as follows : — J. 11. CamitUera .. .. .. 7231 X. Bavister .. ... ,. .. 4449 C. J. Datuhey .. .. .. 4375 J. Wheeler 4346 J.F.vo 4344 J. Grant .. .. .. 3857 G. E. ltusscll- Jones .. .. .. 3590 VT. flelison 2787 W. Webster A417 Informal .. .. .. 250 The announcement was received with grouns, hisses and boo-hoos, and during a temporary lull, Mr. Carruthera stepped forward and again read tlio result and de clared himself and tho three candidates 011 the roll to bo duly oleeted. He returned his sincere aud hearty thanks for the very great honor they had conferred upon him. (Cheers.) That was tho fourth occasion they had elected him, and the third occasion he had been placed at the top of ' the poll. (Cheers.) Ho held his position tliat day owing primarily to the large support of tho working community of that electorate who had gratefully and generously recognised tlio services he had rendered to the children of tho poor. (Cheers.) Ho could only tell them lie Giould endeavor in tho future to serve them us faithfully as I10 had done in the past, and ho trusted ho should do nothing to forfeit, tlio confidence they had re posed in liim. (Tremendous cheers.) A'lr. Bavister, who was greeted with round after round of applause, Eaid lie desired to return liis sincere j thanks for the unexjjeeted and honor- 1 able position, and also tho very responsible ono, in which they had placed him. (Applause.) If he were to try to address tliem for an hour ho should not be ablo to utter what lie felt. Ho trusted they would be satisfied witli his services, nnd that they would judge liim by liis actions in tlio future. So long us he might remain one of tlieir representatives it would lie hi3 duty to do what was right, and he hoped when lae gave an account of his stewardship tliey would say ho hud acted as his conscience prompted him, He con sidered tluit wns the Jeast any ninn could do ! after such an honor had been' conferred upon ; hint He again thanked tliem. (Loud and p prolonged cheers.) Air. Danahev, who wns received with vociferous cheers and a cry of "Good iron, Diiiialicj'," returned thanks for tlio magnificent support which hud been given to him thai; day, and lie must say | that he felt almost frightened as to I whether he would be able to fulfil the duties they bad placed in his hands. (Cheers, I and a Voice.: "My word, you will.") He I thanked everyone 'who hucl voted for him, I ana also those who had voted against him', because he believed the)' had dqne so on conscientious grounds. .When lie gave them an account of his stewardship they would say the working men could make laws and bring ! about proper legislation for this country. Tiicy would do that which would he for the benefit of all. He hoped with tho assistance of the other three members to be able to carry out such work as would be the pride not only of Canterbury, ; but of the whole of New South Wnle3. (.Cheers.) I Air. Wheeler then essayed to speak, ! but his voice was drowned by groans, hisses ' and other unfriendly greetings, and cries of "Shupup!" His speech was not heard by anyone owing to jtho babel, during which the Returning Officer received tho full force of a large bag of flour, fol lowed by several others. Air. Eve was better received, and , was understood to observe that he did not stand before themes a defeatedcandidate. He thought he had scored a great victory, and intimated his intention of demanding a re count of the votes as tiio fourth candidate was only two ahead of hiin.- He thanked them for the way they had acted. Messrs. Henson and Webster then faced tho tumultuous crow$, who, however, re fused to listen to themiat any price, and tliey were forced to retire. A vote of thanks to the returning officer concluded the proceedings. The number of voters on the roll at the last general election was 16,514. The voting was as follows : — J. H. Carruthera (F), 6066 ; J. Wheeler (F), 5638: J. WilshSto F). 5576; A. Hutchison (F), 5504; J. W. Watkin (P), 2320 : W. Biackott (P), 2207 ; A-1(G. Ralston (P), 2120. 