THE S.A.6.G. Bnmlon t. Euchaiinn. A QT3EEB BATTLE. The Rofereo Deolaros It No Fight. A good aBsomblago.of spcotator.i rolled up on Monday ovoninij lost to witness a fight to a finish at tho aboro club butwoon Mr. C. Burdun, tlio prosont.lOst ohampion of Now South Waloa, aud Mr. Buolmnaii, who claims * nut tio in tlio umtittMir olininpion of QuootiM* . luuci. J?rovious to tbo ovont of tlio ovonnijj iroo willinjj fouv-rouncl IjohLs woro put on, Tho first was bolwoou Clifford, of Watorlon, and Jackson, of Botany, a couplo of atrongly buUk ludH, wlio nmdo Ujo go a willing ono from BtUrt to finish, and woro rewarded with a good showor of Hilvur. Chummy Drown and Chiddy Ityau follow- jd, und spurred throo good rounds. Chummy, t'.ous*h as gauio as tlioy make tbom, wan no ma .oh for Chiddy, who completely out olassod bim. Tho bout was a willing ono throughout, and Chummy hu.d to quit m the third round, owing to hia hand (whiob he injnrodin his recout fight with Lowis) goini; buck on him making it too painful to uso. Chiddy has improvod a lot, and ought to mako things Rultry for nny fuathor-woight in tho world. Horbort Sinnott, from Melbourne, and Mat Hiu-my, a pupil of Tom Taylor's, then ?stopped into tho ring, aud procooood to knock' ohipa off each other from the jump. Siunott ia n splendid spocimen of a fighter: a well and,cleunly-built young follow, who has ,a good pair of hands, aud known -liow. to uso, them. He ib a pupil of Peter.' Newton's, and* docs him every credit. .Sinnott made thopaco so strong that Harmy, who had beon roeoivor gcneral right through, was glad to quit in tbo: third round, when the roforoo called' tho men' off.'. Sinnott just did as ho liked with him, and' could liayu silenced him in the first round had 10 felt disposed to do so.-. Tho,prinoipals nn.d thoir Hccouds noxt appeared o.i tho scorn),. Burden, who was. tho first to nppoar, being followodby his brothor, 'Davis, and anotlrer. as socouds, whilst tho .Queenslander,. who olosely, followod thmn, had for his seconda Jack Pullor and Mick Dooloy. Burden scaled. lOat 31b, and thoQueeuslinder 10st.7lb. ;Tho» spin of the coin favored- tho former, and' tho ueensUudor fooki th6 'lioodoo' corner. Tho difference botwecn . tbo -jnon ? so1 far .as rogards height arid ago .v.-as mo^t '? notioeablo, '?BucTianan boiu'tr-over' iZ ..'years old, -'and the possessor of a bald headland groy mouHtucho, whilst Burdon, who was iuchosvshortor tliau ?his opponent) ldbkod younj;' onangb to bo his opponents son. Tho Qwoeiislnudor ovidontly^ 'meant business, and no'timo jvas lost in get ting to work. ' _ '?]' Ronnd r 1,— Both ^'openedt ..cautiously and sparred for an- oponiag. Bnrdon'got homo, a left on tho body tw^co, and^thp'. Qaeeuslander responded. but,was shbrt.J./Bbth let go I6ft and1 right,'- and then sparred, -cautiously. Buchanan again tried 'tbo ,'lofb- fori tbo- faco, and tho .right- ior tho. body,': which Bnrdon cleverly evaded. . Burden lot go. with a good leftanaVascountorod.; Corners. Ronnd 2.— :Bnrden led with a loft stab on the throat, 'to which Bnclianan rosponde-l* with a right-hander, :bnt ho ' was short. Tho Qaeenslander. lot go a left for.th6\mark, and was smartly; cpuntored. . Burden' thon loft booked him bard on tho body^nnd followed it up.witha right onVthe ribs,' but .the'bannnn land represontativo did iiofscom to mind it a ilsSf. 'Some sparring, thfin Buchanan ihisVod a. aplendid ohanoe for the point; bnt got'homo a good left on the dial and a right on.tho^body, to which Burden replied with \ nasty right on the ribs: .. ???-?-.''-' ' Round 3. — Both' men'wofo ;oantious, and Burden lwas' blooding at 'tho nose from'^tho offebts of a well-directed loft from Buchanan, who promptly increased the' flow by sondiiig in another left on the samo placo. -Burden thon rushed to close quarters, and somo half arm work followod. Breaking away Buahanan sent homo anothor left, but there 'was not much powor in it. He tried a woll meant right for the point, but missed. . Bound 4— Burden shot the loft twice on the mark, and Buchanan' roplioil with a right on .the ribs. Burden then hooked him hard on tho body with the left, and got Homo aright-, Wilder, which was 'meant for the point,, KuiP landed too' far round. Tho Queonslanderseut homo a'left stab'on tho throat and a right for the body. Somo cautious sparring. Burden round tho ring ont of distance, then corners. '' Ronndji.— This was a most ^extraordinary perfbfmanco:'fr'Buc-nnan leda very mild' oft and down Burden .went. ? : Ho took his timo and got up again, went clpso np to Buchanan, ' who tapped: him with tho right, from w^ich ho wont down and; stopping there, was counted ont; There was a tromendons uproar at all this, nna\ yells of' Snhlentor'i'- ' Turn him ont,' &c.; cda(a, bo hoara on all ridoa. ' Mr. Broomfield, the roforoo, thereupon got into the ring and' promptly doolaretl-tlio match no fight, a aecision which was rocoived ?nrith wiia ypjls of, applauseb .' Personally, I . cannot nntler3tand ivhat induced Burdon . to ogt; ns'^ho did. for ho seemed to bo. going. strong and well, nnd I1 tbinfc mysolf that ho could,; if ho gave ; his mind 'to it, easily beat the .'QneenslandbV. iiisido ten rounds. As .tlio mon '-vero .leaving the ring, Burden got up and 'axpldinod that 1» had only had four days' ? training-. . That being, -the case ha was iri.no condition to fight and should never havo gone iutd tho ring. Mick Dnnno then offered ,to stop Horb. Sinnott in fonr rounds, bnt failed to doso, tho.Voung VictoriiH being far. 'too clover to' give Mick anythingilike tho ghost of a chance of doing what he'eaid ho would. ?'? .' i ? This brought the evening's amusement to close ? ? ?-. ? ,.- '. I 