DOCTORS SPENCER'S CRIMIE. d \- o------ 01 I was sitting in my office, half dozing over an lI interminable article on nutrition in the last medical hi zeviaw. The fire in the grate was low, the night was stormy, and the clock was.just on the stroke of tc eleven. I was about to turn off the gas and retire, for, a beingabachelor, Islept in the room connected with tl my office, when there was a pull at the bell. I j started up suddenly, for this was somet.ing quite sa Sew. st Middlebury was a decorous sort of place, and the o, people usually managed to be taken sick at season- ai able hours, Old Mrs Jerome had been threatening to die for the past five years, and every time I bi visited her she solemly informed me that when the a decisive moment did come she derired me to be present. Batas nothing ailed the old lady beyond I now and then an indigestion, from too high living y I had never yet been called upon to be present at her death. Now, I thought, it must be that old p Mrs Jerome is going. I took up my night-lamp and went to the door. fc A gust of strong, damp sleet wind nearly ex- b tinguished the light, but, shading it with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. d ' Come in,' I said. holding open the door. h She declined with a gesture of impatience. ii ' You must come out, and be quick about it,' she w said, in sharp, incisive voice. tc I put on my overcoat without demur, locked the I surgery door, and stepped into the storm. As Idid t( so the woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and it putting her face close to mine, raid- o, £ Doctor Lockwood, can you keep a secret?' ' I think so, madam.' e 'Swear it.' p ' Is this secret of yours of a professional character. That is, is it anything you wi? to confide: in me as li a medical man ?' ' It is.' A ' Very well, then, I swear it.' t ' That is right.' l A man respects an oath, though why he should ei is a mystery, since men's mouths are running over with them. tl ' Whither are you taking me, and for what k purpose .! ' To the Clifton House to see the mistress, was It the reply. t 1 started. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken I by lDuctor Spencer, a stranger to everyone in Mid- b dlieburv. Spencer- was a tall, dark, rather dis-. tinguished-looking person, woa had hung out his. sign in the village only a few doors above mine, but ii as yet he lied no practice. He was unsocial in the extreme, avoiding his neighbours persistently, and t when he did speak it was in sa curt, half savage as way that no one was likely to prolong the con versation. g The doctor had a wife, it was said, bat no one had ever seen her. She was an invalid, and Miss Melrose, a friend of the foamily, presided over the I house, and sat at the head of the table.. Miss Melrose was very beautiful, and won the admiratin of all who visited Clifton House by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. I ' As we walk along, let me explain to you just what is necessary for you to know. My mistress is very ill,' said my companion. • Ibeg your pardcn.-is it Mrs Spencer or Miss Melrose?' She laughed bitterly. 'Miss Melrose ! I would stab her to the heart 1 sooner than own her for a mistress. My mistress is a lady- noble, royal and of gentle birth, It is j an honour to serve her.' ' And is she ill ? Row long since ? ' Ever since she married him-curse him !' she muttered, in a fiercer tone. ' But I must not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather hers. Two years ago, through the desire of her dying father, Alice Hendon became James Spencer's wife. I i 2efore that she was a hea'thy, blooming girl; im- 1 mediately after their marriage she began to fail. Do you see anything strange in that ?' 'Not necessarily.' 'Let me eniighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at one time engaged to Miss Lucille Melrose, but he broke the enagement, and married my mis tress. Miss Melrose was as poor as Job's turkey. Miss Hendon was an heiress, and Doctor Spencer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you see anything strange in that ?' ' Perhaps so, Go on.' When my mistress married Spencershe was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in everything. She was a gentle, affectionate child, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love. But he did not care for that. It was her money he wanted. It paid his debts and bought him fast horses ; it set his table with nice and costly dishes, and put in his power to keep Miss Melroseroobed like a queen. And all this time mnw mistrees has been slowly but surely, sinking, and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think she is not dying of disuse, but of'-she lowered her voice to a whisper as sEhe spoke the word-' poison ' ' Impossible !This is a grave charge.' ' Of poison given her by her husband, who. at her deith, will have sole oontrol over her property, and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to exp!ain the details of the thousand and one circumstances which have led nme to believe it, for we are ;lus t at the door. It is never the case that Miss Metrose ani Spencer are out of the house at the same time, or I shoul4 ha e called a physician before; but to-night they are both oslled away by the death of Miss Melrose's sister, and will not be hb k until to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I came for a ou, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray yousave her. I nursed her when her mother died and left her a. helples infant; all through her innocent youth she was like an own child to me; and now to see her ifading hourly before my eyes ! Greet Hraven ! If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, his life should pay Uthe forfeit.' I was already beginning to feel a deep animosity for Docur Speuc,-r. Mrs Spercer re-ei-ed mein her bedchamber. It was on thu second floor. and was furnished with exquisite elegance. Every thlingiuthe roombespoke tie refined t..sta ,f the .c-up~ant. Ihe warma air wa ir..gr.lut with ith odour of heliotrope, and glancing rounuud I saw the purple blossoms and Sgre-n loJels in cn a;a!,aster vase on the edge of the scath wiudow. blhe w? a a oiman who, once seen, could never be forgotten. I Lave met in my life many a beautiful w'u?nn, but ncver one so oosly. She was tall and rraight, hirh a p,;re!y oval i:c:, liquid brown eyes, and a- jiaL- it.i~ic in iher cheek which is not seen in halth. She rciverrd nae grac fully, as I know Sid did o'e:yo'e. and though ttere was a slight eiulse;' t i.n h r m -,uer when I solke of her iliCes., -". -a.wCerid my professioni en.uiries rA\s for .g.-cl, I lhaid laid a-id- all f:dse de'icacy ant i~tl,.e l' i,,: p-ily ,as to her .ym;.tous. Mhs- liard, ilih- usr.-. ,emai,..l, ik the room, and dledz -a.y ity-lxo unmtt it.i;.- ri itf..rnutiis.. When -h 4,.?e ,f M. hu-l'-I it w,.* with a surt of hopeless sadness which distressed me greatly. Not a breath of suspicion against him was in her answers to my questions, and I felt sure that at pre sent she knew nothing of such serious apprehen- in sions. I was glad it was so, for, with her finely-strung ac organization. it might have produced serious results. hi I m:ade my examination of the patient as closely as I could, and drew my own conclusions. I could gs have sworn that Mrs Spencer daily swallowed w arsenic in small quantities, and the deadly drug b< was telling on her constitution. She said, answering my questions, that she had no tl physician except her husband. He thought himself di better acquainted with her case, and therefore better qualified to treat her. He never left mredi cine for her to take ; lie always brought it from his oelise and administered it promptly. b There was little I could do in such a case. Aux- is ions to do everything, the very circumstances of i the affair left me nearly powerless. A charge of such nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer w.thout the amplest proof. If I o hinted a suspicion every one would set it down to. my professional prejudice; and if I could not sub ctantiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for such aslander uttered against him. f, The only dependence seemed to be in Mrs Hurd. ti To her I unbosomed myself. I told her without reserve that I though Doctor Spencer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to con stantly watch and save the victim, and discover some proof by which we could fasten the guilt on a her husband. She smiled grimly and promised obedience, and I a gave her a powerful antidote for the poison I sus spected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind, I did not sleep that night, and all the next a day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at V the bell made me tremble-a step on the gravel outside my office stopped my breath, and I hardly c knew what I expected to hear. I felt sure I should hear something before I slept. I And now I must tell the story lust as it was told c to me. Doctor Spencer returned home the morning after h my visit to the Clifton house. He looked wretched, the nurse said ; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miss Melrose came with him, and looked decorously g sad over the death of her sister, Women ofn her stamp always mourn to perfection. They neither overdo, nor underdo. the thing,, as women of feeling i are likely to do. Doctor Spencer came at once to his wife's.cham her. He thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. C You are always ordering cordials for her," said Mrs Hurd, musingly. ' Why not take something e yourself ? You look like a ghost !' i Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied com. posedly- I 'I think I will take some of the cordial myself, for I do not feel quite welL Alice dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health r Mrs Spencer smiled sadly in assent-she never disputed her husband-and he went out. Presently he returned with two glasses. Both contained liquor colourless and odourless.. Mrs Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told me that she felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in thse grey pallor of the doc tor's rigid face that told her of a desperate purpose in the man's soul He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. t ' Drink it, dear,' he said. ' It's a panacea for all evils. I am also going to take a glass of it,' and he pointed to the glass still on the tray. - Mrs Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mrs Hurl interrupted.-. I ' If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor, i Mrs Spencer complains that the cordial leaves a bad taste in her mouth, and my old bones are so full of rheunati-mn. that it nearly kills me to go. down stairs.' The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If he had any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting. down the glass he left the room. Then Mrs Hurd changed the posi. tion of the glasses. When he came back-and he was gone but a moment-the nurse stood exactly where he had left her, and Mrs Spencer was. lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. a Again he lifted the glass-this time it was the one t intended for himself--and placed at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of I the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. ' Now for my own cordial,' he said, with affected gaiety. ' I indulge in something stronger.' : As he spoke he tossed off the mixture. s It made me stone cold to. my finger.' end to see a him do it,' said Mrs Hurd, relating: the circum s stances to me, ' but as Heaven is my witness I felt a no conscience. I argued like this-' If it was simply if cordial it would do no harm.; if it was poison, his blood be on his own head.' it Hie went to bed half an hour afterward, complain Sing of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the post mortenm examination, is and we discovered in the stomach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to kill half a dozen men. My brother rt physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had s probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits is of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs Hurd tld her story, I had my own theory as to the cause of his death. There was no public ex Le posure, however. Mrs Hurd and I agreed that it it would profit no one to make the wretched affair Spublic, and so we kept our own counsel. S Miss Medrose, in spite of my conviction that she e. had an active part in the conspiracy against Mr \- Spencer's life, I could not help pitying. Such a i. miserable, wcrn and haggard face as hers I have never see~ and when they buried Dr. Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fevex:. rI lattended her in her illness, but though she re , covered in health, she was never herself again. She -was a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gather ing flowers and decorating the doctor's grave with r them. She is living still, and still gathers flowers is and lays.athem on that grave, singing to.herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. ly Not until MIrs Spencer had many days been my : wife, and the faithful Mrs Hurd slept under the i, violets, did Alice know the perfidy of her former e husband. When I told her, after the first shock It was over, she crept into my arms and whispered Id ' But if it had not been forJames' crime I should :e not have found you, Herbert. So good does some as time come out of evil.' 