BOXING. RYAN BEATS WILLIAMS. THE VICTOR TO TACKLE JOE GODDARD. TUE following account of a fight between Ned Ryan, of Braidwood, and Billy Williams of Bathurst, which took place at the Coogee Aquarium on Saturday after- noon last, was wired too late for insertion in yesterday's MINER. The fight was for a purse of £100, and a large number of spectators assembled, who eventually hailed Ryan's victory with shouts of approval. The following is a detailed description of the fight : Round 1.-Williams rushed Ryan, and making good use of his left, he got the best all through the round. Round 2. - Williams got home on Ryan's neck, which Ryan immediately returned with two hard ones on Williams' chin. Williams continued to rush, but could not get past his opponent's left. Round 5.-Ryan Bent bis opponent down, but Williams quickly got on his legs and made a terrific rush, but came off with decidedly the worst of it. Round 4.-Ryan went down, but Wil- liams refrained from striking him while on his knees. He gained much applause for this manly action. When Ryan got np, Williams rushed, but fell beneath a heavy blow from his opponent's left. RoundS.-Williams nearly broke up his opponent with a heavy right-hander on the ribs, but soon after he was all at sea, and when Ryan led he had not the ghost of an idea as to how to stop the blows. After a second or two, however, Williams bore in on Ryan, and uppercut him beautifully with his right on the face. After repeatedly being sent back with the left, Williams, by means of a rush, got bis enemy against the ropes, and a spirited rally occurred, Ryan eventually clinching. During the exchange blows Ryan received several heavy right-handers on the head that rattled him considerably. Williams then made an onslaught, and scored with a heavy blow that sent Ryan, backwards and nearly toppled him over. Ryan with great difficulty kept his footing, and was relieved by corners soon sounding. Rounds 6 to 15.-Ryan dealt heavily with his opponent through these rounds. Round 16.-Williams rushed forward at his opponent, who stopped him with a heavy right counter. Williams then charged forward, but again Ryan met him with a lightning right on the jaw, whioh took the Bathurst man clean off his pins. He was knocked all in a heap and knew just enough to get up. After several seconds Ryan went in to finish matters, and bis groggy opponent fell without being struck. After being nearly 10 seconds on the floor he rofe again, but tottered about in a helpless fashion. Ryan went at him wildly; Williams was brought to grass again, and being unable to rise before the 10 seconds were up, Ryan was declared the winner. During che whole of the fight the loser showed no science at all, but Ryan fought much better than was expscted. It is stated that the victor is desirous of tackling Joe Goddard. Jimmy Murphy, who is at present in Melbourne, will contest the best of eight rounds with Arthur Tuily, a metropolitan lightweight, at the Apollo Hall next Thursday for £75 and 25 per cent of the gate. Considerable interest is being mani- fested in the result. In regard to the Burge-M*Carthy match, concerning which Mr, T. O'Bierne wired to the MINER on Saturday, it appears that, on arriving in Melbourne, Mr. O'Bierne recived a letter from Mr. Broomfield staring that the fight would take place en March 30. To this altera- tion he has not yet made up his mind. A Melbourne sporting reporter has interviewed Mr. O'Bierne who, he states, is willing to give a purse of £200 for a fight between Murphy and Grifib at Broken Hill, and is prepared to put up a £50 guarantee that the affair is genuine. Grifib is being communicated with in reference the match. In the fight between Burge and M'Carthy-the date for which wants adjusting, by the way-it is stipulated that the latter should reduce himself to Hst. There is no doubt that meetings between men in different classes are not looked on with an overwhelming interest. Tf alightweight has the misfortune of being knocked out by a middle-weight, or a featherweight by a lightweight, the beaten man can always salve his wounds with the reflection that the victor was not in his class. But it is the public that require to be considered in these matters, and that great body of censors like to view an even-matched fight. The great "John Hell," who has shown a wonderful reticence about meeting Frank Slavin, has finally declared that he has retired from the ring. But the actor - pugilist will not allow himself to be called down, and states that ho will gladly meet the winner of the proposed Slavin Jackson contest " or any other man who attempts to take advantage of my reputation," whatever ' that may mean. Sullivan's latest feat was knocking a Milwaukee interviewing re- porter senseless. John comes to Aus- tralia in June, but he will do well to drop his little eccentricities in Sydney, as there is one sporting scribe there who goes about "heeled," and would probably drop the Irish-Ame rican with a pocket shot before he could lift his fist. Mr. M'Kie, of the Royal Mail Hotel, and one nf honest Jim Burge's most consistent supporters, advertises a 12 hours' go-as-you-please sweepstakes of £5 each, to come off ia the Skating Rink some time this month. With Mr. M'Kie to look after the details its bona Mts is assured, and there is no doubt that entries will be numerous. Nominations must be made by Monday next. 