A GHOST AT THE WINDOW. It would seem (says England and the Union) that Galway is not going to be behindhand in the matter of belief in the supernatural, judging from the state of excitement created a few nights ago by the rumour that a ghost had made its appearanoe at one of the windows of a house in Abbeygate-street, directly opposite the sacristy of the Pro-cathedral of St. Nicholas. This house, it must be mentioned, was lately occupied by a woman who died after a very short illness. Since her death it beoame tenanted by another person, but from some cause or other the last- mentioned left, and the place remained unoccupied till last week. Then it was taken by another woman. On the night it was occupied some children were passing to attend devotions at the chapel, when they say they observed a sort of unusual h'ght in the house, and a woman standing near the open window, who, in a sepulchral voice, said, •• Offer one prayer for me." Some of the children fainted on the spot, and this caused others going to their devotions to inquire into the cause. The tale of the spectre at the window spread like wild fire, and in a quarter of an hour no less than 2000 persons had congregated outside the haunted house. The streets on each side became blocked. The crushing and jostling to get a glimpse at the " visitor from the other world" was such as has never been equalled in Galway. Several persons were thrown down and trampled upon, and it was with the greatest difficulty a strong force of police, after about three hours' incessant labour, succeeded in olearing the streets sufficiently to allow pedestrians and cars to pass. The tramcars were even compelled to stand still in tho streets. The following nights the same state of thingß have prevailed, but np to the present the real cause of the rumour has not been satisfactorily explained. Several ver sions of what the object really was that created such a sensation are given, but the adult por tion of the community say that fifty years ago there was also " something seen" in the house, it having been the Bcene of a most brutal murder —namely, the assassination of a woman named Maxwell by her husband. From the description now given of tho late apparition by the children, who say they Baw it, tho older people Bay it is one and the same ghost, which has to put up alternate half-centuries in this world and the other. The police are stationed near the place, where four streets meet, and it is- as much as they can do to keep the curious from congre gating. It is most surprising that amongst, this olass are to be found some of the most resDea- table and, it might be expeoted, enlightened people in the town, both male and female. The strangest thing of all is that, notwithstanding the thousands who congregate nightly, not one —even the police—have the courage to try to unravel the mystery. - 