ITEMS OP NEWS. It is essential to again point out- that all electors' rights issued from now up to 1st De cember (to-morrow) expire on 1st December, 1893\. Any persons in doubt as to the validity of their electoral rights would do well to call on the registrars and inspect a copy of the roll, and ascertain whether their names are on. and if not, to get freah ones before to-morrow, as the general election wui be held before tbey will have an opportunity of having their names placed on the roll. Probate has been granted to the will of the late Air J. Lewis, of Berkeley-street, the amount being L1007 ; also to the will of the late Air D. Jones, of Mu'ckleford, for L1657. Messrs Hogg and Hazlett, of Fryerstown, arc the successful tenderers for the erection of the Mechanics' Institute in that - locality. -The amount is LI42 18?. The funeral of the late Mrs Stead, - of Chew- ton, took place in the cemetery there /On Saturday afternoon, and was well attended. : The service at the grave was read by the Rev R. Jackson, and a strong choir rendered ap propriate. hymns: daring the interment. Airs Stead was a member of the Primitive Alethodist. Church at Chewton, and last night in that edifice the Rev Mr Jackson conducted an in memoriam servico for the deceased. The Botanical Gardens at the present time; have a very attractive appearance, and a visit to them is well repaid. The flower beds look very; pretty, indeed, there being so many choice; plants in bloom. Great taste is displayed in the Gardens by Air Doran, the Curator, and many flattering comments were passed upon' him by attenders at the military parade service; in the grounds yesterday. An inebriate, named John Mason, was brought: before Mr Williams, -J.P., at the Police' Court- on Saturday, and pleaded guilty to having been1 drunk on Friday afternoon at the railway; station. He was travelling to Bendigo, and: not having taken any dinner ' but had beer, instead, he became unconscious of what be was; doing, and had now no remembrance of it.; When arrested by Constable Britt he ' was! annoying the passengers in the train. For. his' behavior he had to pay a fine of os, with 2s 6d; costs for cab-hire. The collections in the local Wesleyan Church: . yesterday were made on behalf of the local . charities, but the amount raised could not bo! ; ascertained last night. In the morning, the Revi I R. O. Cook officiated, and preached from tho1 I text, St Luke, 10th chapter, nmj portion of thei j ,37th vore0" Go, and do thou 'likewise." .The j rer gentlemtm node p stifrih appeal on bofralf of the charities, and the discourse throughout was characterised by eloquence and practicability in its relation to the cause of charity. Alt Lade conducted the service in the evening, and preached an able sermon. The Redemptorist Fathers commenced a mk- sion at St. Maty" s Church yesterday forenoon. The Rev. Father Pidgeon preached the sermon in the morning, and lucidly explained the nature of the mission. In the aftemooa at 3 o'clock the children attended for special instruc tion, and in the evening the service consisted of the rosary and the benediction. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Father 8hearman on the importance of salvation. The choir, under the leadership of Air Tarrant,- rendered the music appropriate to the occasion, Mrs Westaway pre siding at the organ. There were ltrge congre gations at each service. The mission will be continued for a fortnight, masses being held each morning at 7 o'clock and 9 o'clock. The children are to attend the latter Maes, which is followed by instruction, and in the afternoon they assemble at 4.30 o'clock. Services will also be held at 7.30 o'clock p-m. The Redemp torist Fathers have erected by the altar of the Blessed "Virgin a picture, named "Our Lady Perpetual Sufferer," being a copy of a picture venerated in the Redemptorist Church in Rome. . The Rev Patrick Brenuan, one of the Fathers of the Order of the Holy Ghost, died on Sato rd ay at the Ba 11a rat college. The rev. gentleman was affectionately regarded by both pnpils and parents for his ability and energy as a teacher ia the college. . , A man, supposed to be Peter Boylan, aged 60 years, was run over by the morning train from Alelbonma to Geelong when travelling between Lara and Cowie'a Creek on Friday. When the train was approaching the station at the last- named place Boylan rushed in front of the en gine and was knocked down, and was afterwards picked up by the engine-driver and guard of the train. He was taken to the Geelong Hospital in an nuconscions state. A few months ago a man named Priestman committed suicide near Masterton, in the Wel lington district, by shooting himself. English papers to hand contain the information that bis full name was Henry Whalley Priestman, and that he was the successful claimant in the Walley will case, which attracted a good deal of atten tion about six years since. Priestman was the natural son of a Mr Wballey who died leaving a fortune of L60.000. Two men came forward with what purported to be a will in their favour, but Priestman when a clerk in the Midland Railway offices at Derby, resisted their claim, and, after considerable litigation, he was suc cessful. and the men were ultimately convicted of conspiracy. The amount received by Priest man. after payment of legal charges, was between L3Q.000 and L40.000. With this he entered into speculation on the turf, and more exten- fitTPIv nn f-tio Rfofit "Ewlwnw. thft ivcnlt fanner that in five years the fortune had disappeared. He then emigrated to New Zealand, having meantime married. For some time the Railway Commissioners hare been in communication with the liquidators in the estate of Wright and Edwards, iron- founders, and after mudb consideration it has been derided to determine tbe contracts with the Railway Department, four in num'-er, for the manufacture of rolling stock. The Commis sioners will take possession of all material in connection with snch contracts on the premises of the estate whether at Alelbonrne or Bray- brook. The Commissioners will call immediately for fresh tenders for the completion of the con tracts, and in this way they will materially assist in relieving the very depressed state of the trade here. The following letter from the Board or Public Health has been forwarded to the various Coun cils : — "I have the honor to inform you that the board iB of opinioa that it is highly desirable in the interests of public health that the practice of carrying frnit or other food and f ruit cases on carts laden with manure should be put a stop to, and as the board is advised that it is competent for the Councils to pass a by-law under the Health Act prohibiting this practice, they desire to bring under the notice of your cquucil the desirability of passing as early as practicable a by law for this purpose. I have further the honor by direction to forward a model 'clause for the by-law referred to." John Brooks, a well-to-do farmer, residing at Alilloo, was in Bendigo on Thursday, selling dairy produce, and Irit on his! return' jonrney the next morning. His dead body "was affer- wards found on the Kamarpoka road, five miles beyond Huntly. and his horse and cart were found three miles further along. the road.. The left side of the deceased's head was discoloured, but that was" the only mark noticeable extern ally- - " Dr Youl held an inquest at the Melbourne Hospital, on Friday, respecting the. death of Alary Conway, the woman ialieged to have been murdered by Louis Denis or Davis, in Church- street on Taesday evening last. After several, witnesses bad been examined, "the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Denis. : The prisoner was then committed by the coroner to take her trial at the Criminal Sessions" oh the 15th of December next. . ' ; : ' Thomas Shaw',, described as- a„ 'dispensing chemist in the employ of Dr L. L. . Smith,' of Collins - street, has been found '. dead under strange circumstances. . He and his -wife .lodged at a bouse of Mr Fox, Napier-6trect,- JJitzroy. Tbey hod been there only eight weeks. Shaw hod been employed by Dr Smith for nbont ten weeks. ' He went to business as usual: on Tues day morning; and Mrs Shaw went out to . visit some friends. Shaw came home about half-pant 11, and went out again about five. ' He returned about six o'clock, and Aliss Fox, who saw him,; uc bucuicu uiiucr Lite luiiuciiee ui He went to his room and remained there. - Mrs Shaw stayed at her friend's place during the' night, and nothing was heard of Shaw. The people in the house did not go to his. room, be cause they tliongbt he was taking, a long rest.; Bat when Airs Shaw returned about three o'clock in tbo afternoon and entered the room,' she found the body of her husband lying on the' bed. He was fully dressed; except that he did not have his boots on. Dr Johnston, of Brunswick-, street, who was called in, said that life had been' extinct somo hours.' The appearances /were! consistent with death-from natural causes, "but; some time ago Shaw is said to have threatened; to kill himself with morphia.. ...7 , As the sea gives forth its dead, so is the. desert ever yielding up its Telics of the 'pps't. The last find in Egypt, has" "just been three: colossal statues of rose granite, . which were" 'ex cavated at Abdukir, near tbe'site of the 'Temple- of Venus at Aninoe.' The first- two, which are' of particular interest oiyirig , to -the;! subjects: which they illustrate, represent RamesesIL and! Queen' Hentmara on the " throne '; while the; third, is a statue of the same" king in military! dress, with his crown on,- and a sceptre in bis hand. : The inhabitants of Alurat, a little French vil lage near Lamothe-Cassel, " have, it appears, a mind.of their own, especially on; matters religi-: oua. 'Not considering tliat one' mass on! Sun-' days was sufficient, tbey applied- to the Bishop of Cnhors for permission to havo one more cole-; brated. The Bishop refused, and the dreadful consequence has been that the'entiro village has abjured the faith' of its forefathers and gone over to the Protestant Church. The "Bishop is now probably wondering whether Alurat, like PariB,- ' vaut bien uhe mease ' or not. Unlike our contemporary, the 'Kentish Gazette;' we are not in a position (remarks the' ' Kent Hearld') to state that the Dean and Chap ter of Canterbury have aceapted the late Dr Beaney's bequest of L1.000 for repairs to the cathedral on condition that they permit the erec tion in the. nave of a memorial of the testator, as it appears at present obstacles are presenting themselves in carrying out the late doctor's munificent gift of L10,000 for (he building of (a free library in the rity, Slid Until thi!_ fe I thoroughly settled by the mayor and ootpo ration j we' fail to see how Dean audTfhapter cOttld Avxfl' themselves of the offer, ana it would never be tolerated to allow the erection of monuments in any Cathedral merely by purchase.- ;H this was to be the cSe we would soon be having applisi- catioM for suns from some of the most famous pill makers and other advertising vendors of patent articles. _ Speaking at Donedin on Friday His ' Excel lency the Governor said be believed that with care New Zealand would become Denmark's greatest competitor in butter in the Loudon market. To him the colony seemed a happy banting-ground for the poor nun, bnt wise statesmanship might make it a paradise. On his return to England there would be no more pleasing task for him than to proclaim the wealth of New Zealand's resources and to pro mote the flow of capital and population to this conn try. A Chinaman named Sing Chow Chi has murdered a man named Fairbead, in the employ of a grazier named Wells, in the north-west of West Australia. The Chinaman has confessed to the deed. He states that he committed it under a mistake, believing . that the man be murdered was Wells, whom he intended to kill in revenge for threatening him. The R.M.S. Jumna arrived at Thursday. It- land on Friday. She bring 331 Italian immi grants, of whom 150 are for Ayr and Burdekin. 117 for the Herbert River, and 69 for-Bunda- berg. They come from Piedmont and bombard y and apprar to be of a superior class. They have agreed to work until they obtain mere know ledge c-f the cultivation of the sugar-cane and other tropical products, when land will be sold to tbem in a suitable area on terms extending over 10 years. The officers of the ship speak in high terms of the behaviour of the Italians throughout the passage. A few days ago Alathew M'Cartney, the chief engineer of the steamer Fantee, was drowned at Cossack owing to the capsizing of a boat. . 