NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Fine. Races. Warm. Football. Summery. Eight hours. Miners' strike. Country wants. Chilian trouble. Good dividends. Sara's latest fad. Eight hours day. Tommy Hudson. A smart swindle. Carnival of labor. Holiday weather. "Miner's Right." Birds for the Zoo. Famine in Russia. "As You Like It." Bews' memorial fund. Imprisonment for life. Working men's blocks. Sara buying a steamer. A splendid celebration. A benevolent employer. Market accommodation. Cay of rest for the police. Horse killed by lightning. Australian characteristics. Another old colonist dead. The eight hours movement. A successful demonstration. Summer is coming too soon. "Under the Speaker's Eye." Railway accident in America. The Gambler's lifeboat found. Fine weather at Morphettville. Disgraceful scenes at Port Pirie. Mr. Bartlett is the slave of duty. Dillon's disqualification repealed. Dillon's disqualification removed. "English history and literature." Tanner finishes his fast on Saturday. Captain O'Shea is about to marry again. A good day's racing at Morphettville yester- day. The South Adelaides were beaten by the Ports. Honest Tom returned from Melbourne this morning. Tommy Hudson leaving for India and the Far East. "As You Like It" by the Dampiers on Thursday. Souths will come third on the association scoring-list. The Morphettville course is a perfect pic- ture just now. Mr. Hopkins doesn't want any more silt carried out to sea. Anniversary of the Port Baptist Church celebrated this week. The Commissioner of Crown Lands returns from Blackrock to-day. The musical ghost illusion in Hindley-street is still attracting attention. The Women's Trade Union was represented in the procession yesterday. The Cyclorama received a fair share of holiday patronage yesterday. Labor is now more wrted in Australia than has ever been the case before. The Semaphore and Largs Bay well patro- nised by picnicers on Tuesday. A good muster to see the Port Adelaide pre- liminary demonstration yesterday. The rowdy element prevailed at the Port Pirie Eight Hours Demonstration. Mr. Plunkett has been appointed umpire for Saturday's match—Port v. Norwood. The leading band in yesterday's procession played "Here comes the bogie man." Blessed is the politician who can slip into his seat with but few binding promises. The complimentary return ball to the Mayor will be given on Tuesday, September 8. The London Times is publishing a series of articles on "The resources of Australia." The working men cheered loudly in front of L. M. Tier's Tattersall's Hotel yesterday. The bakers made an effective show in the procession yesterday. They rolled up well. The great battle for the premiership will be fought next Saturday on the Adelaide Oval. The butchers wore the costume of their trade yesterday. It was meet that it should be so. Viceregal night at the Theatre to-morrow, when the Dampiers will appear in Shakespeare. The procession took nearly three-quarters of an hour to pass the Advertiser building yester- day. The Stanley Coursing Club had a day's run on the plains yesterday. Hares were plentiful, but wild. Ken McKenzie, of the Ports, ought to have better sense than to be ungentlemanly towards the umpire. Another record for high-jumping was put up on Saturday at the Victorian Royal Agri- cultural Show. The Hills railway and the various seaside resorts were well patronised by happy holiday makers yesterday. The Ports and Norwoods are now level, and the great battle for the premiership will take place on Saturday. The sports on the Old Exhibition Ground were well patronised, over 10,000 people pass- ing through the gates. At Kapunda on Monday night during a thunderstorm a haystack was burnt and horse killed by lightning. Mr. Francis Adams, a well-known Sydney journalist and poet, has spread himself on the characteristics of Australians. Mr. F. W. Maudsley will lecture on "Eng- lish History and Literature" at the North Adelaide Institute this evening. The preliminary contests for the literary com- petition in connection with the Literary Societies' Union are now being held. Nine hundred and fifty submarine telegraph cables are now in operation, most of them in Europe; their total length is over 80,000 miles. While digging 25 ft. below the surface in Cornhill, London, portions of the old Roman wall were discovered, also the bed of an extinct river. It is wanton neglect to compel any body of men to sacrifice every Sabbath, thereby giving them no chance of attending to their religious duties. Mr. R. J. McCulloch ("Asmodeus" of the Leader) has been appointed judge of the Vic- toria Racing Club, in succession to Mr. F. F. Dakin. Mr. Dunlevie and all who were concerned in the Dillon case have been released from the disqualification inflicted by the stewards of the V.A.T.C. A tremendous crush on the Port Adelaide railway line, and difficulty in securing ac- commodation will render September 1 memor- able to many. Mr. Lake will ask the House to-day to approve of the issue of excursion tickets on public holidays to and from all railway-stations in South Australia. "It was a genuine ovation to labor, for while the eight hours movement is the central feature of the display, the success achieved has ren- dered it less prominent than formerly." The initial item on the Legislative Council notice-paper this afternoon is a comprehensive question standing in the name of Mr. Cotton bearing upon the subject of working men's blocks. "The great labor demonstration of yesterday was a conspicuous and in some respects an un- paralleled success. Considered merely as a pageant there has been nothing to equal it in the history of the colony." It is reported from France that Madame Sara Bernhardt is negotiating with the Union Steamship Company for the purchase of the Mariposa, in which she contemplates making a theatrical tour of the world. The new sidings laid down on the margin of the Morphettville racecourse enables a succes- sion of trains to be waiting to get loaded, and there was very little delay in getting the big crowd away from the races. When a whip was to be appointed the Ministry turned away from the righteous representatives who supported them, and heldout the hand of welcome to a repentant sinner on the other side of the House. The Cossack officer who lately completed a wonderful journey on horseback, having, it is said, practically journeyed straight across Asia and Europe—nearly from the shore of the Pacific Ocean to that of the Baltic Sea—a ride of over 5,000 miles, is a teetotaller and a non- smoker. 