DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) DEATH OF THE REV. PATRICK BRENNAN, C.S.SP. OF THE HOLY GHOST COLLEGE, BALLARAT. It is with feelings of deep regret that I have to announce the death of the late Rev. P. Brennan, of the Holy Ghost College, which took place at the college on last Saturday morning, after a short illness. Fr. Brennan's health for some time previous to his death had not been robust, and his illness was in consequence short. He breathed his last on Saturday morning after receiving all the Sacraments of the Church. The deceased clergyman came out with the Bishop about three years ago. He was a ripe scholar, and devoted his talents to the service of the students of the college, by whom he was beloved. Fr. Brennan was also a great athlete, and entered with zest into all the out-door games of the students. Fr. Brennan's remains were brought to the Cathedral, where they were placed on a catafalque, which had been erected before the high altar. Solemn Office and Requiem High Mass took place on Monday morning at half-past ten o'clock, a large number of the priests of the diocese and also a number, from the archdiocese being present. The celebrant of the Mass was Rev. Fr. Crough, C.S.Sp. (president Holy Ghost College); Rev. Fr. Lemire, C.S.Sp., deacon ; Rev. Fr. Tuohy, C.S.Sp., sub-deacon; and Rev. Fr. Stephens, C.S.Sp., master of the ceremonies ; his Lordship the Bishop being at the throne. The cantors were Revs. Frs. Schmidt, C.S.Sp., and Lavadoux, C.S.Sp.; and the choir, under the direction of Mr. R. Wrigley, assisted in rendering the solemn music. The funeral took place after Mass. The funeral cortege proceeded down Sturt-street and up Liddiard-street to the new cemetery. The students of the college and the boys of the Christian Brothers' Schools walked in front of the hearse, and a large number of carriages and private vehicles followed. The Bishop, who read the burial service at the grave, was assisted by Dean Hoyne and Dr. Delany.— Requiescat in pace. The Bishop, who preached at the eleven o'clock Mass in the Cathedral last Sunday, asked the prayers of the congregation for the repose of the soul of the late Fr. Brennan, of the Holy Ghost College. His Lordship very feelingly referred to the sad event, and said that the loss of Fr. Brennan, who was taken away in the prime of life, when everything seemed to promise a long and useful, and even a brilliant career, was to himself, and to the many friends of the deceased clergyman, a severe affliction. Gifted in no ordinary measure with high talents and fine scholarship, which were freely dedicated to God's service and to the great work of Christian education, it was sad to think that in the inscrutable designs of Divine Providence he should have been so early taken away from his work, aud not permitted to realise the splendid results of which he had already given ample promise. However, they should bow reverently and with resignation to the Divine decree, and do as Fr. Brennan himself did immediately he recognised the serious nature of his illness, for none could have faced death resignation, and even with joy, than the good young priest who went to receive the crown reserved for him by the Master to whom he had consecrated his life and vowed all that he had in this world. A very pleasing entertainment took place at the Sacred Heart Convent of Mercy, Ballarat East, on Wednesday evening, 25th November, to welcome the Cardinal and the other distinguished prelates. It was held in the large school, which was nicely decorated for the occasion. The Cardinal presided, and, besides the Bishop of Ballarat, the following prelates were present:—The Archbishops of Melbourne and of Wellington, the Bishops of Maitland, Sale, and Bathurst; also a number of the clergy, including Dean Hoyne, V.G., and Dr. Delany. There was a large attendance of the parents and friends of the children. The entertainment opened with a " Grand March " (Hertz). This was followed by an address. The next piece was ''Blair Athol" (Sivrai), followed by a duet, " Happy Hunter." This was succeeded by a recitation and tableau. Another recitation followed. Afterwards there was a Danse N£gre (Ascher), the next number being a vocal duet (Keller). A tableau came next, which was followed by a recitation, the entertainment concluding with, a number of Irish airs being played on the pianoforte. Each of the young lady pupils who took part in the concert performed the part allotted to her in an excellent manner. The dancing of an Irish jig by a number of little children attired in Coleen Bawn cloaks was admirable, and elicited the enthusiastic plaudits of the audience. At the conclusion of the entertainment Cardinal Moran expressed the pleasure he felt at being present at the entertainment just given. The distinguished party were afterwards supplied with light refreshments. The usual meeting of the Confraternity of the Holy Family (women's branch) was held in the Cathedral on Friday evening, 27th ult. The Rev. Fr. Logan (spiritual - director) presided, and there was a very large attendance, about 1500 being present. After the usual devotions the Bishop of Maitland delivered an instructive discourse on the obligations of being members of the confraternity. In the course of his remarks his Lordship said that now that their beautiful Cathedral had been consecrated they should also consecrate their lives to the service of God; and as the Cathedral was dedicated to St. Patrick, they should all cultivate a special devotion to that glorious apostle. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was afterwards given by the Bishop of Bathurst. 