"OHABLES CAETWKIGHT, J : AOTOS. 1 AN INTERESTING CAREER. The Ladder of Fame, The FirBt Chadhaud as Ever Was. Remarkable Reminiscences— Ens- land and India— Original Characters. Perhats it is from tho very nature of our oalling that we so very keonly appreciate modesty and self-abnegation. Certainly they are qualities with which, in tho daily execution of our duty we do not frequently como into contact, and, therefore, when by chance we happen to strike upon a really modest individual, and that individual a famous actor we feel that tho fact is worthy of note and permanent record. We should not like to go so far as to say that Mr. Charles Cartwright actually blushed when we proposed to intorviow him for purposes of publication, but all the same he was vory modest about it, and said that if we thought he could tell us anything that would bo interesting read ing he should be happy to do so. And so it came about that one afternoon this week we met the gentleman in question coming across from "the cottage" smoking an extensive weed and looking nggravatingly cool for a man who has only been in the country a few weeks, whilst we, one of tho oldest inhabitants of the district, moltod in the blazing heat of . - a castlereagii- street sdn. We chose a cool spot hard by, and the victim having settled himself for half-uu-hour's chat, remarked, 'f Now I'm ready to be in terrogated, with a sigh of touching resignation and meekness that would have melted anyone but an interviewer or a book agent. " Well, to begin with," said Mr. Cart- wright, " I'm a . Londoner, and when a youth of somewhat tender years I was sent to college at Stoneyliurst to acquire as much education as I had a mind to. This was in tho year 1873, When it was considered that I had had enough schooling I was placed in one of tho Government offices, hut the stool and desk had no attraction for mo, and I resolved that as soon as opportunity offered 1 would gratify a desire I had long felt, and make a bid for Thcspiaa honors. Not long after wards a chance presented itself, and when my holiday term came round I, in company with a chum, slipped quietly away one fine day to Birmingham, where it happened that at tho time tho burlesque of "Don Gio vanni " was running. To accept an engage ment under my own naino would have been fatal, as my parents and friends would have instantly been on the track, so I cast about for a new name, and pretty soon evolved from a humorous suggestion that struck me at the moment tho appellation of charles cartwrioht, under which name I vowed to swim or sink in the profession I had chosen. Well, I got the engagement I yearned for; but, alas I the romance of my first appearance was fractured by tho unfortunate and abrupt termination of my Birmingham career. \ You don't mean to say you were presented with " the goose ?" I mean to say that I was judged the worst failure ever seen on any stage, and was sacked by an unsympathetic management forthwith. That did not appear to have disheartened you. Oh, no, it rather made the determination stronger, so off I packed to Exeter, where I was fortunate enough to got an opening with Fred Neebe (who, by the way, has been out hero recently). The stock season was just commencing, and in thoso days it was the custom to open the season by hav ing the wholo company on the stage to sing the National Ar thorn, on much tho Bame principle as Parliament opening the session with prayer.- I had, however, to sing a solo, and it was that incident that saved mo the discomfiture and indignity of a Bocond abrupt dismissal, for when I came on at night to speak tho few lines of the lawyer in tho "Flying Scud," stage fright in its most malignant form got hold of me and I could not utter a sound. Alfred Honey (son of George of that ilk), who was in the company, kindly spoke the lines for mo, and so saved me from tho fury and vengeance of a justly wrathful management. My success with the solo at the opening of the performance stood in my favor, and 1 was retained in the bill for further use. That was, then, praatically your launch upon a dramatic oareor? Yes, for after filling a six weeks' engage ment with Neebe I went to Cambridge and opened there under tho management of James Cragg to play a round of legitimate characters. But, alas, disaster awaited mo in the 'Varsity town, and I was destined to havo a tough time in this place of colleges. The winter was terribly severe, and at the end of the first week there was no " ghost," and I began to Bell my scanty store of clothes. So did another member of the company, with whom I was very friendly. I was in more comfortable circumstances than he — I had Is., and he had only 10d., and so whon tho end of the Bocond week came, and there was still no sign of salary, I felt that something desperate would have to bo done, or the snow-covered graves of a couple of dead actors would have to adorn tho local cemetery. The lOd. had gone — gone to swell the returns of the bakers and butchers, and but the 1b. remained. I took two strides across tho narrow floor \- of our somewhat rocky second floor back in a melodramatic sort of way I had recently acquired and suddonly pausing in an attitude with which I had mado a deep impression at Exeter I cried, "I have it." Hastily climbing down the rickety stairway to the kitchen I handed tho old landlady tho solo remaining coin, and asked her to get some chops at the butcher's round tho corner. Under other conditions she might have thought twice before leaving us in tho house, but tho sight of a whole "shellan " suggested tho probability of a stook of tho name Bort, bo out she went. Now was tho time to act. The butcher's was exosporat- ingly close, and sho couldn't be gone more than-fivo minutes, so in a twinkling down came tho boxes to the door. Just as we reached the passage tho chops and tho land lady appeared coming round tho corner, so up went the wardrobe again, and operations had to bo suspended for the evening. Next day, beiug dead broko and hungry, wo got our boxcB away by a somewhat similar process, covering our exit by singing in a loud and discordant key a littlo incidental ditty, " Wo fly by night," to wit. We horo took occasion to thank Mr. Cart- wright for tho hint, and wc promised to give tho rocipo to any of our friends who might bo equally in need of it. However, as ho some tiino afterwards in his prosperous days saw tho old lady and very liberally rccompcnsod her she, no doubt, enjoyed the joko eventually as much as ho did. Well, and how did you got out of Cambridge ? Wo wero sitting dejectedly upon" our boxes at tho corner of a street in t-he snow whon, to my surprise, a fellow I had known in former days saw me, and when I had ex plained tho tragedy he Bont us off to Lon don. There wo met numberless actors who asked us to drink, but nobody seemed to think of asking us to cat somothing, and I might havo involuntarily beaten the record of Succi had I not, fortunately, met my sister a day or so after I reached town. Sho sized mo up from my well- ventilated boots to in valided hat, and gasped " What aro you doing liore?" I explained, and asked for help. Next day I hgd monoy, and as you know it never rains but it comes down in sheets, I got an engagement at tho old Theatre Boyal, Darlington, a shook ing old ramshackle, foul-smelliug den, but wolcomo enough to me at that time. Suppose you'd have played in a kerosene tin if possible just then ?" Well,- almost; for 1 had had a hard timo of it since tho commencement, but from that tiVno, viz., tho Christmas, '73-74, tho frown of fortnrne changed to a smile, and having ful filled a successful engagement at Durlington (despite 2ft. of black, foul water in my dressing-room under the stage) I went to Greenock, whero I found Harry Vincent playing juvenile lead in Alexander Wright's stock season. Had you struck out a line for yourself then ? Oh ! yes, I was character actor, but, of course, having to play a round of parts in various stock seasons as a beginner I could not be too particulur. After a short season in Greenock an engagement called mo to the Alexandra, Liverpool, where in the latoE. H. Brooke'scompany,I met for tho first time, Arthur Redwood, Arthur Piuero (who had not written anything then), Violet Cameron, Julia St. Georgo and other now famous people. My next appearance was at the Prince of Wales's in tho same town. Here I found tho late John L. Hall (who, I understand, was well and favorably known out here), poor Fred. Marshall, Kate Lawlcr and others. We played a season of . burlesques and Strand operettas. Amongst tho arrivals at the Prince of Wales' during my engagement was Jennie Lee, with her now play "Jo.' The original production of that now world- famous play took place about that time, and I played Chadband." "Then you wero tho very first Chadband as ever was ?" Yes, and Freddy Marshall was the Guppy, Nellio Bouverio tho Guster, and John Howell tho Tulkinghoru. During the usual round of stook pieces I mot Band- inann, who was Hamlet for a week, and than was seen no more. From Liver pool I wont to Manchester, and there I filled an engagement under Charles Calvort (fathor of tho aotor who was recently in Sydney). Then followed two stock scasonB in purely character parts at tho principal thcatresinGreatBritain. Back again to Calvert with " Sardnapalus " in Man chester and all the principal town of tho kingdom. " Now, whon did you first break upon the bewildered vision of a London audionee ?" In the year '76, when I filled my first metropolitan engagement at the Aquarium Theatre with Jennie Lee and "Jo." This time I played Sir Leicester Deadlock for eight months, tho play beiug then almost in the zenith of its popularity. Then your first introduction to a London house was successful ? Well, I've been told so. Anyhow, when the Aquarium season was done I was off to the Duke's, in Holborn, with "Sardanapalus " again, then to tho Globe with "Jo" and Chadband once more, and then a short provincial tour brought me to tho most important as yet of my engagements. I refer to my two years' stay at the Lyceum, whero I filled a year and a half with Mrs. Batemau and six months with Mr. Irving. With that latter engagomont came the com mencement of my eareer of stage villany, for I was, it may interest you to know tho original Job Trotter to Mr. Irving's Jingle. Aftor that I played the usual walking gentleman parts in all the revivals, and during that term I was asso ciated with such people as old Chippendale, Tom Swinburne, Clifford Cooper, Wulter Lacy, and Isabel Bateman, who, by the way, was Miss Terry's predecessor, the lastnamed lady being then busily engaged with Olivia in Mr. John Hare's production of "Tho Vicar of Wakefield," at the Court Theatre. - Towards the end of 1879 I accompanied Mr. Irving round the provinces for a tour, and then off to India, Oh, you've travolled a bit then 1 Yes, I was engaged to go out and Btago manage tho now Gaiety Theatre in Bombay, and .to play juvenile lead. By tho byo, I believo in connection with that matter that the Governor of the place, Sir Richard Temple, painted the scenery for the new house. We were on tho point of inquiring after the health of Mr. Cartwright's liver, whon he went on :— With the year 1880 I was again in Lon don, and this timo at tho Surrey, whore I met Creswick. " Virginiue" was the play> and during the transpontine season I pluyod an important round of Shakespearian parts, sometimes alternating Iago witli Othello. There was work waiting for me at tho Princess' so my name duly figured on the bills of that house, and for a time I gave Edwin Booth support in " Riohelieu," "The Fool's Revenge" and oxtensive Shakespearean work. A provincial trip with Charles Kelly followed, dur- ing which I became associated with Mr. Robert Brough, who is now in Sydney. I was next attached to Mrs. Langtry's com pany, playing Harry Arncliffo in " Tho Unequal Match." From that timo I was ongaged continuously in London, and it was while I was connected with tho Olympic that " Moths " was first produced. As you know, I was tho first Zouroff, Mr. Kyrlo Bollew tho Correze, Miss Mario Litton tho Yere and Mr. Rozior (now in this city) tho Jura.. Tho piece was a success upon its original production, was it not ? An instantaneous one, and in striking con trast to a premiere with which I was counectod at tho Globo some timo aftor- wards. I mean Pincro's piece "Low Water," which proved one of tho severest frosts I havo known in all my experience. The piece, which was a very poor one, wont all wrong on tho first night. All went well until tho closo of tho first act, when immediately following a most pathetic scene between Lord Grorge Ormolu (myself) anil- tho loading lady, her son abruptly enters and announces that the gas company has foreclosed and shut off the supply. This so tickled the house that from that moment all serious interest in tho play was damned, and at tho end of a disastrous week it was ignominionsly bundled out of the bill and, as far as I know, lias not been done in Loudon since. I think you mentioned that early in your career you dovolopod some vocal ability. Did you ever turn it to professional account ? I was just going to mention that follow ing tho " Low Water" fiasco I joined Jack Shine in the burlesque oi "Dick," in which I played the Emperor of Morocco, that being tho origiuul representation of tho character. What was yonr most recent big engage ment in London ? That in whieli I played Marcollus in "Theodora," with Miss Grace Hawthorne, at tho Princess Theatre, last May, \ In the course of your long and varied ex perience you have, no doubt, been the original exponent of many now well-known characters ? Yes, replied Mr. Cartwright in a casual sort of way, I was the original Zouroff ("Moths"), Chadband ("Jo"), Algy (" Marjorie's Sisters"), Colonel Carow (" Fight for Life"), Richard Rocksby ("Pair of Wings"), Captain Vere ("Bells of Hazlomcre"), Captain Morton ("Union Jack"), Marcos Valles (" Silver Falls "), Lord Sulgravo (Pinero's adaptation of "La Maison Neuve"), and of courso I havo been concerned in numberless matinees. At the mention of the word matiuoo the actor's face assumed a look of intense dis gust, and, only wc don't know who mightsee it, we would tell you in concise form his pre cise opinion of tho matinee system. Tho re mainder of a very pleasant talk touched npon various and sundry topics theatrical, and then, in mercy, we allowed our long- suffering companion to cscapo into the bright sunlight outside. 