Politica? Points. The hand-sahaking season has commenced. Northumborland is now a hot-bed of jr. ring oloquence. Only one hand was hold up against Mr. Molvillo last night. Mr. George Wallace has retired from the contest for Newcaotle. The show of hands at Mr. Ourloy'enmeeting last night was half-and- half. Mr. Grahamo had a unanimous show of hands in his favour last night. Mr. Melvillo got a sincere vote of confl. donce at Adamstovwn last evening. Mr. W. M. Grantham has been chosen as the labour candidate for East Sydney. Meessrs. F. Cotton and ,. Hindle are selected as the labour candidates for Now. town. It is now very plain that the great issue in the election will be Protection versus Free. trade. Mr. Hungerford's colours are red and white. Neat, but not gaudy, and perfectly sober. Mr. Alex. Brown will address the electors at Hamilton to-night. A great meeting is expected. Mr. W. trahamo speaks to.night at Stock. ton and Hunterestreet VWest. Roll up, ye ocean rangers. Mr. Walker will address the electors at Waratah to.night, in pursuance of his plan of campaign. Ten candidates for the city and county fired their opinions and promises at the eloc tors last night. About 420 candidates are already an. nounced for the 14L vacant seats in the Legislative Assembly. Mr. N. Melville will address the electors at Wallsend to.night. Ninian is in good speaking trim at present. Gentlemen of the greatest "promise :"' The present batchl of Parliamentary candi. dates in New South Wales. Mr. Creer's friends assert that the speech he made last night at the Rotunda, Plattoe burg, was his finest effort up to date. At Stockton to-night, Mr. G. W. Webb will give his views on the political situation. His colours are the Australian true blue. Mr. Hungerford believes in one man-onoe vote, local government, decentralisation, a Harbour Truet for Newcastle, and railways. Sydney working man are inclined to be. lieve in the principle, so far as the Govern ment are concerned, of one-man-one.brickbat. Mr. G. R. Dibbs is in favour of Federation which will be just to New South Wales and which is based on national and democratic lines. Mr. Hungerford's central committee rooms are at the Yacht Olub Hotel. That gentle. man speaks at Stockton and Noencaettle to night. The Labour candidates for West Sydney, Messrs. Fitzgerald, Davis, Black, and Helly addresseed meetings lcst night, and were re ceived enthusiastically. Mr. Alexander Brown's address last oven. ing was considered one of the most finished and masterly political orations that has over been heard in this city. Mr. Ourloy will continue his campaign at fslington and Tighe's Hill to-night. "Jimmy" is a man who has always a lot of figures to hurl at an objector. The candidature of MLr. James Ihomson for Northumbealand is exciting great interest among the electors, and committees are being formed to secure his return. Mr. Melville, speaking at Adamstown last evening, said that, much as he wishes to retain his seat, he would sooner forfeit it than sink his Protectionist principles. Mr. Creer will address the electors of Lambton to-night at Chadwick's Northum berland Hotel, at 7 o'clock. A creat roll-up is expected to be present at this intellectual treat. Mhessrs. Cremor and Hedges deny that Mr. David Scott was in any way connected with the Protectionist Labbur League. No connection with the establishment over the way. Mr. Fegan will address the electors to night at Carrington and Wickham; Mr. Scott at Wickham and Ielington; and Mr. Dix at Hamilton and Broadmeadow. They bunch together. Mr. Toohey says that the action of the Government in fixing the city and suburban elections for Wednesday was an outrage on a civilised community who '?claimed the right of mnanhood suffrage. Mr. Alexander Brown addreossed a meeting of his political supporters at the new Masonic Hall at 8 o'clock last evening, and. was accorded a splendid reception. The building was filled, and the speaker was not interrupted once during his discourse. The Daily Teleqrapl is becoming des perate. Seeing that the present administra. tion has only a ghost of a show of returning with a sufficient following, it is shrieking for every syllable of the "marvellous somer soulter." . The ' true inwardness ' of the expulsion of Rat Haynes from the Ministerial caucus is not generally known. eAs a matter of fact, ifit had not been for the straight-from the.shoulder 'downrightedness' of Mr. Paul, the Rat might have got back to the ship, and nothing more said. - The member for Mudgeo had walked into the caucus room early, and taken his seat. When Mr. Paul observed him he inquired of one or two members.if the BRat had received an invita tion to be present. No one seemed to know exactly, and no one seemed to have back. bone enough to make inquiries; but Mr. Paul said unmistakably that if, Haynes were there by invitation, or if he were allowed to stay, he (kr. Paul) would leave. It was then that Sir Henry was commuai. cated.with. The G.O.M. here noticed the little rat for the first time, and called him. The rat mincingly approached the presence, and the five-foot.three was seen to be making goebticulations and explanations to the six.foot 'remier, whose loonine head and broad torso stood over the member.for Mudgeo like a Mexican Teocealli over .a mud hut. The Mudgeo Rat was then requested to with. draw, which he did amid the dead silence of the Ministerialists, though he himself tried to.' bravado' it out by shouting 'hurrah' as he went away. Despite this ghoastly cheer, however, Mudgee looked uncommonly like a dog with his tail between his logs--or, rather, like a rat whore tail had boon nipped off in a trap."-Bathurst Times. 