A Final RECKONING* iTiLEOF BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. ET G. A. H KNTY. CHAPIH 1 XVIIL—Settling A00OTO.7S. Beoben soon checked the speed of his horse, juiious as he was to anive as soon as possible, b nif'ot, for aught be knew, yet have occasion to try the animal to the utmost, and he therefoe it&oed; the almost racing pace at which he ed started into an ordinary steady gallop. | fliehoises ivere fresh and in good condition, nd for several miles kept up the space without fefiinj. Then they were allowed to ease down j j® a walk until they got their wind sgain. md to stated into the pace, half canter, half eifttp. vhich is the usual rate of progression of di colonial horees. They drew rein at last on 1 dight exmence from which the Donalds' jtalion, s mile or 60 distant, could be per- ^'-Tt-^nk (io<ir" Reuben muttered to himself, imbact here at last. There is no occasion istotherhurry," and the horses were allowed togo stan easy walk. "Man on horseback," Jim suddenly said, baching Reuben's arm. w Where—where, Jim p' " Gone from de house, sab. trough dem trees. DxeLegoagam, he gallop fast." Itateslud not caught ei^ht of the figure, lot be pressed his spurs against the horses tig. "1 trill see who it is, at any rate. Jim, fojounde straight on to the house ajid say I dill te there in a few minutes." AE F.ecben rode at a headlong gallop towards & point where his course would probably interact that of the horseman riding in the tecticn Jim had pointed out. lie turned over npidlv in his mind the thought whether his diety for Kate Ellison wss not wtwig a fool af him. Why should he torn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full qeed on the track of this figure of which Jim U: caught only a glance? Itmightbeastock- Eu or someone who had ridden over from one tithe neighbouring stations to see how Donald •isgetting on: but even so, he told himself, acunn was done by his assuring himself of tal It was not the way Barker would tile to lis station; had it been a neighbour ibhil come over he would not be likely to lavs again so early; neither of the constables vcnld be riding away in defiance of his orders ooaoatcount to stir any distance from the fasse. IWntly he cacght a glimpse of the horsenin. He was not more than half a mile away mv, hat the view he obtained was so install ta- KOCS tint he conld not distinguish any paiticihrs. ''He is rifling fast, anyhow," he said— "faster (Jian a man would travel on ordinary Insincss. He is either a messenger sent oil ojent tainess, or it is Thome." He s'ightlv altered the direction of bis course, fa the speed at which the horseman was travelfc; must take him ahead of him at the point rter? Eenhea had calculated upon cutting him if In a short distance he would get a view of tea, for the trees ended here and the plain was ycand unbroken save by low bush. When fie f jure came clear of the trees he was bat a qorarof amfleawav, and Keuben gave a start, trie recognised at once the uniform of his wn corps. It could only be ono of the men Bt a. Donald's, and, with an exclamation of "jer,Eeaben pressed his horse to the utmost mporcmtof the man, who was now almost •mdlj- ahead, at the same time uttering a loud He man glanced back, but to Seubcn'a instead of stopping, waved his hand a«we Lis head and pressed forward. Two irasireie traversed before Eeuben was beside " Wbat ao you mean T" he thundered out. lit the man pointed ahead. "He has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and ^ shot Brown dead. I will tell you after- There, do you see, sir, over that brow At the moment Eeuben sawa figure on horsewtnEe against the sky-line fully two miles in "EiJe steadily, Smithson," he said; "keep will keep him. We must j™te Łun m time, for his horse is carrying i push on, for I am bktS tomted than you are, and he may try to "He and throw ns off his traces. If iayms happens to mo don't stop for a moment; tot hunt that fellow downto Lend" holdi htk!^^ ^ n g Lis horse somewhat during the lust mile, forhe thought oust be some reason for the oonstable's •^ee conduct, but he now let him go, and Ł®. to his full speed, soon left tli con- He knew for Wa ^ ^ «>®o dismffi?? """tir was flat and unbroken, amathefnptivewouldhave no chance of ^nientwhuh ever way he tamed. Upon theI spot where he had seen the buh- -S,^passthe wide plain opened before him, gave a shout of exultation as he saw ^---.dganrf considerably. The fugitive, jj!^! hid evidently not been piesdĄs hie "He thinks he has along journey before 3 ^bea.muttered. "I WtyLe'smia- He thinks he's only got a constable "i, and that he can eamlv rid himself of U W°/T uecomea «P to him. No doubt from some of the 'oonvicfa (hat «fc fS! i. a T' ^ therefore thinksłdmself pnttuit Ot-Wi. wbenonoe he has wiped tto W ^ *** a e viewof Hiebnshranger, canter, -troubmog „V ttle , abont tte solitary constable , to ^ in pursuit of him. P^ong roundheaaw that Ho ZSrT? 8 jnthin a quarter of a mile of ••tóai hi ™ horse, and turning, calmly 1 «^be w^L ono ? check6d speed of his ^v ^ theman was said to be a ^ttt bT il- ^ Pi 61 ®!, but he'was con- 0wn eH « uńiSf « * ot » witŁ constant 1% F rofi ?"fflcy with his weapon.. But a W™ ^ fo ° advantage 01 1 »-«te«ay «eat MOMMIS t£ t-^^^ore advanced only. afV Walk. fe<rZ ane f r P Qt down the chwge in speed •W5: Q1UBod to lesolntT^tea^d JtoSL^^ostajils; yon had best tam WiS 1^ 8^ «>f^eo borne agun. Tou J^ftiM? ^ i*™ 1 oae constable is so f 6 iostu bead. If you Soot you Wt y Mvm, K" the young woiim "fej SsSŁ.^' ^ y<«.knol rdonł conraonsof his disad- «« k a M ? ' ^ in front of Łim.jso \- "^oyeimplately coveredJiLrtMe was enveloped in a shawl which covered her head u "woQ aB her figure. -Her captor held her tightly pressed to him with his left arm, while bis right was free to use a pistol. Reuben checked bis hone at a distance of come fifty yards, while be thought over die best course to pursue.- A* ho paused, Thome, for The first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom be had to deal, and not with the ^o M he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage el clamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. " Oh, it's yon. is it?" he said; " I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gave is as good for you as for him. I advise you to tum back before all my mates are down on von." "Yocr mates will never be down on anyone again, Tom Thome," Heaben said sternly. "We have wiped out seven of them, and die' other is a prisoner." '•It's a lie'." the hueh- rarrjTnr said furiously. "They are.two bundled miles' away m the bneh." " With your friend Bołnta, eh? YeS they were, but tijery are -not now, TŁorne- They ar» lying under the ashes of that hot of yours close to. the tree where you buried your treasure; and it's I who am,going to .have help, not yrn. My men will be np in a few minutes," and be pmoed round at the conat&l;^e, whom the uush -ranker now perceived for the first time less than half a mile away. Reuben's words had die effect they were intended to excite. ' Thev filled the bush ranger with fory and desire for-vengeance, while the sight of the approaching constable showed him that unless be took prompt measures be would h&ve; two adversaries to fight at once. Without A moment's hesitation he set spuni to liis horse and dashed, at Kenben. "When within twenty yards be fired. Reuben felt a sharp painasif a hot iron had been passed across his cheek. Thome uttered a shout of exaltation as be saw him shirt, but, as be Icept his seat,' again raised his hand to fire. Til an instant Beuben discharged his pistol, and the basbr&nger;'s weapon dropped from hiB hand, for Reuben's bullet passed through hia wrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground Thome drew a pistol with his left hand, and the two shots rung out again at almost the same instant. Benben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet Passed through the bush-ranger's body, while Thome's pistol was diverted some- what from Its aim, and the bullet struck Ken ben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he bad drawn another pistol. " Surrender, or I fireand then seeing, by the change in the buehranger'e fare and by bis collapsing figure, that be was badly bit, be waited, still keeping Thome covered with the muziie.for -the bushranger had a charge left in the pistol which hettill grasped in Ms left band. \- -Twice Thome tried to raise it, but in vain j Iten be reeled the saddle* Jbe pistol dropped j from his hand i land he fell heavily over oń the I ground- Beuben at once leaped from hie horse and rsn 1 tó raise Kate Ellison, who lay motionless-on I the ground as she bad been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head he-found she was insensible. Kneeling beside her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped np. "Badly hurt, captain?" he asked as he leaped off his horse, for the blood was streaming down Reuben's face, and his left arm h^mg Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Enison first. There is some water in my fiask in the holster; jnst bring it here and sprinkle her face. I hope she is only stunned :'but that scoundrel threw her off with such -force that ehe may well be badly hurt," "Is he done for, captain K' the man vked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bushranger as he -proceeded to obey -Reuben's instructions : " because if you ain't certain shout it. I bad better put a bullet into hira. These fellows are fond of playing 'possum and then turning the tables npon yon." ' 4 There is no fear of that, Smithson: he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for 1 would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was some time before Kate Ellison opened her eyes. For a moment she looted vaguely round, then, as her eyes fell npon Beuhen's face, die uttered a little cry and raised herself into & sitting position. "What is it. Captain Whitney? Are TOU badlv hurt r" "Thank God yon have recovered, Miss Ellison. Yon began to frighten me horribly. -I was afraid yon were seriously injured. Do .not look so alarmed. I can assuxeyon X am not much hurt; only a flesh wound, I fancy, in thechs-.ek, and a broken collar-bone:" "Aud yon have saved me again, Captain Whitney?" "Yes. thank God, I have had tbp-t good fortune," Beuben said quietly. " and this lime for good, for Tom Thome will never molest you again." "But can't Ido something? Tour face is bleeding dreadfully. Please let me bind it np," and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Beuben's face. The constable took off .the black silk handkerchief which be wore T-ound his neck. " I think, miss, this will make a sling for his arm, and when that is done the captain will be pretty right. Do yon think you can ride back, sir?" he asked when he had fastened the handkerchief, *' or will you wait till I ride back to the farm and fetch help r" "I can ride well enough," Eeuben said, trying to rise to his feet, bnt he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious cne than he bad imagined. "'So, I don't think lean ride back, Smitheon." "There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellison said; "please fetch that. I will stop here with Captain Whitney till you comeback." "I think that will be the best way miss, 7 ' the constable agreed, and mountiEg he rode off at once. It was en hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart; but before be arrived Sir. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had beard from Kate what had taken place. "I did as you told me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The constables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of them was always on guard by the door,EO thpm really did not seem any- possibility of danger. Tills morning as I was washing np the breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. Hie caught me by the wrist and said, 'Come along, it's no use screaming.' Mis. Barker canght up something and rushed at him, bnt he knocked her down with the buttend of bis pistol. ' Then he cauefrt up her shawl, which was lying on the chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me np and carried me out. I bied to struggle, but beseemed to hold me as if I were in a tyce. 1 heard .Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was so mufiied up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and. X made np my mind to lie quite stm as if I was still insensible, till he pat me down, and then—Ilhink I intended to try and eeize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if'there was one, and if X CGuld not kill him to kill myself. There -did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I supposed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were sway with you; and from the distance yon said you were going, I did not think you could be back for days. Presently I felt him stop and tum his jorse, and then when he spoke I knew that he not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your "voice, though it seemed impossible ; but I could not be sure, because I conld not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt mjself railing, and 1 did not know anything more till I saw yon leaning over me. Bnt where are all the outers, and'how is it you are here alone? Of course you mnsthave fttmwt back before yon got to where the bushrangers -were." " No, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, "MISH Ellison, and have wiped out the Imshrangers altogether. We have got one of them a prisoner, bnt all the rertot the gang are lolled. The distanceiB not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march and .two sixties. We attacked them at daybreak on the third day after leaving." '" "But it is inly the fourth day to-dav, is it not? At least it seems eo to me." " "Itis the fourth day, Miss laiison. When topnd that the leader of the gang wai not -with them, tuid I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty-four hoursbefore, Z was naturally, very anxious about you, Imowmg as I did what desperate actions the JZ1S21 yras capable of. So westarted at onoe,and, after a shmp fight with the blacks, got down in the evemng to the waterbolesudbymiles onour.wav tnCk, where' we had.'oaniped tLe Becond night out. Of' oouree thetorse Thad riddan could travd.no tSwfejhEbe h o r e e j ^ v ^ & w e ; HMI'TJUMJAA, .wid which f Ład .been led BO far. We made another forty miles iy midnight, ans tio <imj«e łmrspd rest, but they .were so done jip this morning that we oonld notget them much beyond a fo^tpaoe. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped o n -and thank God vre are just in time." The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, ^^be laid her hand on his aud said quietly: Thank you. Then vou have ridden a hnndnwl and fifty miles since Vesterday morning, besides having two fights, aud all becauseyou .were uneaąy about me?" • , J'^-JtS®* M you see. eood reason to be uneasy. MissSDison'" Ax this moment a bone's 'Boots were heard approaching and Jim galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been unable to obtain any information as to what had .taken place. SUB. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barto: bad just before he arrived ridden off to met her husband; but the dead body of the con- Stłblę by the door" and the disappearance of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he : at once started after his master, His horae, however, was a verv^inferior one to that ridden by Beuben. and intil he met tha constable returning be' had "been obliged to folio w the track of the borsse in front, eo he did not arrive at. the Ecene of the fray till half an hour after its contusion. He attend exclama-' bona of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Beuben had been gradually crowing faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. ' Jim, hbwever, had taken, the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to his own -comforts as well as to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked off the neck and poured . some into the cup of Beuhen's fiask end piit it to his Hps. Thank you, Jim; that is just what I wanted." " Massa lie down quiet," Jim said, " no good sit up;" and gathering a large bunch of grass he placed it under Reuben's head, end Beuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mr. and Mrs. Barker roue np. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was so (tiff and bruised with her fall tint she could scarcely move forward to meet Mn. Ilarker, and burnt into tears as her friend threw her arms ronndłier.- - - -- " That's .right, my poor ethild." airs. Bader said; " a cry will do yon good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue." " 1 do.indeed, Mrs. Barker.. It Beams clmoEt ttmiinacle.'V " Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the ground wheneverhe's wanted. He seems hurt badly. The -constable said it- was a broken collar-bone, bnt it most be something a good deal worse than that." - "Oh. doftsayso, Mrs. Barks-, after what he's done forme. If he were to tiie!" " There, Ihere, ^ont tremble ao,- child; we must hope that it is not so bad as that; bat he wonld hardly be looking £0 had .as he does for only a broken collar-bone. My hnsband broke liis one day the hozse ran awa v with him among some trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two. Is he badly hurt, do you think, John rV she asked her husband who was kneeling befcides Eeuben. " I hope not," the settler Eaid. "He ought not to be like this only from a wound in tbe ^collarbone ; bnt of course it may have glanced down and done some internal mischief. X am inclined to tlick that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anything—the reaction after a tremendous nervons excitement." _" He bas ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Kate said, " and has had two fights besides this. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushrangers had escape I he came on by himself." *' Oh! they caught the bushrangers, did they?" Mr. Barker said joyfully. " I was afraid by his getting back here eo soon that they must have missed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong ccent. And he has ridden all the way back, has he ? A very zealous officer. Miss Ellison, a very zealouB young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the significance of Hr. Barker's tone. "Don't tease her," bis wife said in a low -voice. " She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ah! what is that?" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the ffall^i bushranger. "Shoot him dead, sah,' Jim, wbo was supporting his master's hold, "pi'innMl, " Don't let dat fellow come live no longer.'' " I can't do that, Jim," Mr. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man "The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber; but he is harmless now. One cannot wish be should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to bang him ten over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch." So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and poured it between the bushranger's lips. "Is it mortalr" Mrs. Barker asked as he rejoined ber. " I think eo," he said; " I fancy he is shot through the lungs." " Tou must really sit down, Miss Ellison; you look as white as & ghost, and we cannot nave youononrhandsjustnow. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah! here comes tbe cart." The constable bad put a quantity cf straw in the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Beuben and laid him in it. " We must take the other too," Mr. Barker said; " the man is alive, and we can't leave him here." " Yes," Kate said; "he must go too. He did Beuben a great wrong many years ago. I hope be will confesB it before he dies.'' \- Mr, Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used the young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Beuben who had been accused of poisoning her father's dog, and of committing a, burglary from his house. " Ton had better get np in front with the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men bad been placed in the cart; " you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then I can look after yon, and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak; bnt before we start I must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your saying no." he persisted as the girl shook her head. " We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't." Kate' did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her np to her seat. As Ehe got up her eyes fell npon Beuben's face. "Oh, Mr. Barker!" she said, "he looks dead. Tou are not deceiving me, are you?" " Bless me, no -" the settler said - cheerfully. "My opinion is that he's dead asleep. The loss of blood, the sudden re-action after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of hts ride have completely overcome hi.n, and my opinion is that he is sound asleep." "Jim, do you lead your master's home, while the constable, takes the other, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a bed" up at onoe for Captain Whitney, and get some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other," So saying he touched the horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowiv on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected momentarily to see Kate faint," and thought it better to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. The journey occupied some time, for Mr. Bader picked the way carefully eo as not to jolt tbe cart. Mrs. Barker endeavouied to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard- about the expedition, wohderingwhen it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of home she said:— " I think, dear, you are looking a little better nów. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the' beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and X willget a cup of strong tea ready for OIL fiat will do wonders " • t When the cart arrived lbs. Donald ran out, and as Kate descended-clasped her in a long ęmbraoe. "Come straight in here, my dear," Mrs. oxkereaid. " I have got a baciin of oold water and a cup of strong tea, and the 'two together: will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero." .. , Beuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as • he was lifted out and carried into the house, where a bed had been made up for him in a room on the ground floor. • ...... _ \ "Tnst lay him down. Throw a'blanket over binu«ndlethimlie perfectly quiet." "Doyou.think he is really asleepP' MIB. Barker asked as she looked at the qniet face. ' "Ido, really/'her husband replied. "Put your ear cloae to his month. -Heishrefdhingas quietlyasachildjaiid^'he added, plating his fiugsrs on Beuben's wrist, <*', hts pulse is a little. fasLbut regular-and quiet; twenty-four hours of sleep will jeet him np again, unless I .jam greatly-mistaken. X"dan't,.iexpect;{bat otitis 1 wóuiid will ! tum out nnytLungrar serious.' Łet i me think. ' "Was, it not ^ this afternoon that « m • '-'"I' H "Tfiatis luckyl He ifHI hę EdrpnSed atSna-' ihg -^two : new patients on his "handB vnow.. I? will ko pOOT WieUłnin the^hed. {Jivetne a cupful of ! beef-tea.; Iwill pour espootifnl or- two between hisiipe, iTon hadbettergo^ndiook iftarKate.-. you wfll.«Jt needed here ^ jietent- fl S ur wakes, Jim, let ns know directly,".- said to the black, who had seated himself on the ground by the side of Beuben's bed. "I cin't call the poor fellow away from his master," he added to his wife as he closed the door behind them; " bat I am really anxious to know what bas takanplace out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heard the captain tell the bush-ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has indeed been a most successful expedition, .and we colonists can hardly be sufiicieutly grateful "to Whitney for having rid lis of these pestB. What with that, and "the thrashing the blacks have had, we «hall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for & long time.'* Kate came out of the room with Mrs.-Donald a minute later; The basin of cold water* d the tea bad the effect Mrs. Barker pre dieted. A little colour had returned into. ber cheeks, and she looked altogether mote like herself. " How is he:" Mix. Donald asked. '' In my opinion , he's doing capitally, Mis. .Donald; his pulse is qniet.-ami even, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, and I believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake tiTJ to-morrow morning, and I predict that in a few days he will be np and about. Indeed, .if tint bullet haant misbeh&ved; itself, I see no reason why he shouldn't he upto-morrow." " That is indeed a relief to ns both," Mrs. Donald said, while Kate could only clasp her linnfls in «l°nfthankfiilnrfP "And now. how is your husband? I hone he is none the worse for.all exerfioiu" "He was terribly'agitated at first," ML*. Donald eaid. "I fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to help me ńp, and ft was as much as I could de when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted Co mount and ride -after Kate, although, of course, he is as weak aa - a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed sgain. Fortunately Mis. Barker ran in, before she. started on horseback to feteh you, to -aay tłiwt the' constable waB off in fiwiYfr. and that quieted him. Then J think he was occupied in trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was in bed X broke down and cried till the constable .came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger." Three hours later, to the great relief of all. tbe surgeon arrived. He was tirst taken in to look at Keuben, having been told all the circumstances of the case, and he confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion that he was really is a deep sleep. " I would not wake him on any account," he eaid; "it is a great effort of nature, and he •rill, I hope, awake quite himself. Of anise I can't say anything about the wound till he does. Now for bis antagonist." The bushranger was still uncoiled MIS, though occasionally broken words camef from his lips. The surgeon examined hiB wount^. _ '' He ia shot through the lungs," he said, " end is bleeding: internally. X do not think there is the shadow of a chance for him, and no one can wish it otherwise. It will only save the colony the expense of his trial. And now for mv onzinal 0 patient." H* was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at cnce to mix a soothing draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the saddle. " We must get him off to sleep if we can,"he said, "or we shall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement as he has done without paying the penality. And now, I suppose, 1 have done," he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. " Tes, I think so," Mrs. Barker eaid; "if you had come an hour earlier X should have put this young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was -doing well has been a better medicine than you conld give her." " No wonder she is shaken," Mr. Buskin remarked. "Mrs. Barker telle me you had a heavy fall, too, Hiss Ellison." _ " Yes." she replied. "I was stunned for a time, but beyond being stiff and bruised X am none the worse for it." " Look here, SGss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting his fingers on her wrist, "X suppose you will want to be about to-morrow when our brave army returns. Now there is nothing yon can do here. Mrs. Donald can nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will take charge of the house, and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bed and Bleep till morning." " I could not sleep." Kate protested. "Very well, then, lie quiet without deeping, and if in the evening yon find yon are restless you can come down for an hour or two; but X really must insist on your lying down for a bit. 3Sow, Mrs. Barker, will you take this medicine np and put this young lady to bed." "I hope she will get off to sleep," Mrs. Barker said when she came down-stairs again. " X have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. Buskin replied. "I have given her a very strong sleeping-draught, far stronger than I should think of giving at any other time; but after the tension that the poor girl must have gone through, it would need a strong dose to take effect. I think you will hear nothing more of her till the morning." Indeed it was not until the sun was well np the 'next, morning that Kate Ellison woke. She could hardly believe that she had slept all night, but the eastern sun coming in through her window showed her that she had done so. She still felt bruised and shaken all over, but was otherwise herself she dressed hastily and went downstairs. " That's right, my dear," Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. "Tou look bonny and like yourself." " Hew are my brother and Cjptam Whitney ?" Kate asked. " I don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet,'' Mrs. Barker replied ; 11 but Captain Whitney has just gone out to the shod with my husband and the surgeon." " Gone out to the she! !" Kate repeated in astonishment. " Tes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going fast He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting np with him. _ He asked for water, and then lay for some time quite quiet. Then he said, ' Am I dreaming, or was it Benben Whitney I fought with ?' ' Tes, it was Captain Beuben Whitney, our .inspector,* the constable replied. " For a tune he lay quiet again, and then sald : * X want to see him.' The constable told him he was asleep and couldn't be woke. " 4 Is he badly wounded?' the man asked. ' I know I hit him * ' Not very badly, I hope,' the constable answered. * When he wakesask him to come to me,' the man said. * I know I am dying, but X want to see first. If he can't come let somebody else come.' The constable came in aud roused the doctor, who went out and saw him, and said he might live three or four hours yet. Soonafterwaids, just as the sun rose, Jim came out to Bay that his master was awake. Mr. Buskin went into him and examined his wound and robed thecourse of the bullet. It bad lodged §own just at the bottom of the shoulder-bone: X am -glad to say he was able to get it out. When be had done he told his patient what the bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney insisted npon going oat to him. It woi't do him any harm, will it ?" Kate asked anxiously. " No, my diear, or Mr. Bnskin would not have let him go. X saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except that nasty bandage over his face, he looked quite himself again. -As X told you, a broken collarbone is a mere nothing, and-now we know where the ballet went and have got itout, there is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here they come again,GO you can judge lor yourself." A very few words passed between Benben and Kate, for Mrs. Barker, who saw how nervous me girl was, at once began to askhimquestions about what the bushranger had said. ' "He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Raskin and Smithson have signed.' It is about a very- old story in which X was concerned when a boy, but it is a great gratification forme to have it cleared np at last. I was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises,-and was acquitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my behalf,1 fear," he said with a slight smile; "somewhat illegally/' However,the imputation would have rested on me all my Life if it hail not been for 'Thome's confession. X thought that ! he did the first affair. 1 knew that he was concerned in the second, althougbX could not prove ft; but he has now made a full confession, say-; ingthathe himself poisoned the dog, and oonfirming the story I told at the trial." "Oh, I am glad 1".Kate exclaimed, ' Ton know,' Captain ; Whitney, that X . IBure of your innoeenoo, but I know .how yon mnsthave .longedfor it .to be proved torfie world. What will ypu do. ilr. Barker, to makeitpnbtić?'.' "'.-..''.',. '. ' t' ,-..'- '• " I diall fcenda" oopy of .the confession, -pro-, ia^Łer^Spy • to, thT^paper, whid^ Oiptnin 'Whitney telli me/is puhliąhedthere weeńy." ~ " I supppse ttm^ np hqpf for lumr*' Kate" asked inTalow voioe,. -. !••;• Heisdyingnow, -Barkersaid. *'Snslxn" is with him. He was fast .beoomihg nnoon- ! acKotu when we left him, *miłJBn«fein said tha the end was at haji.. A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came in with the news that all was over. . " Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into your room and let me bandage up your shoulder properly. X hadn't half time to doit before." "But you won't want me to lie in bed or any nonsense of that sort J" Reuben asked. " I would if x thought vou would obey my orders; but as X see no chance of that, I shall not trouble to give them. Seriously, X do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet X shall bandage your arm across your chest, so there can be no movement of the shoulder,and when that is done X think vou J will be all right." _ There was only one more question which Beuben had to ask with regard to tbe event of Hie preceding day—why it was that Smithson —— to hia comrade's assistance. He then of the house and dismounted, then went to the •table, where Smithson was asleep, Laving been on guard during the night, and pushed a piece of wood under the latch of the <toor, so that it oonld not be raised. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, he had gone to tbe front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable (hero before the latter was aware of his presence. Smithson, awat»ned by the shot, tried in vain to get ont, and was only released by Mis. -Barker when she recovered from the stunning blow which the bushranger had struck her. Hehad theu mounted at once and followed in pursuit. Ia the afternoon the party returned from the bush, having experienced -no further molestation from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the pogreas of Beuben's wound, and in the course of a fortnight he wat again able'to resume his duties. The complete destruction of tiie gang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they had been pursued into the very; heart of tbe bush country, made a vast sensation ia the colony, and Beuben gained great credit and instant promotion for hia conduct. A month after the return of the party from the bush Mr. Donald was about again, and, as tbe danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling bis property. The course which events took can be judged by the following long coavere&tion; between Mrs. Donald and her sister three months later. " Well, Kate, after all he has done for us, of coarse I have nothing to say against it, audi don't enppaee you would mind if I had : still, X do think you might have done better." " I could not have done better," Kate said -hotly," not if I had had the pick of the whole colony," " Well, not in one way, my dear, for vou know that personally I like him almost as well as you do. Stifi, X do think it is a little unfortunate that—we ever Enew him before." "And I think it's extremely fortunate," Kate said stoutly. " If it hadn't'been that he had known ns before and cared for me—be says worshipped, but that's n onsense—ever since I was a child, he would never have made that terrible ride, and X—" "Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it's all for the best," Alice said, philosophically. "At anyiate, you are quite nappy, and he is a noble fellow. But I hope fory our sake that he won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there are plenty of ethers left in the colony." " I told him eo yesterday," Kate said, shyly. I eaid, of course, that I didn't want to influence him." Alice broke into a laugh. "Tou little goose, as if what you say doesn't influence him." Three weeks later Reuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. " My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that yon are engaged to be married, and the circnmetances which you tell me of moke it a most interesting affair. If X were you I should cat the constabulary. X inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me. Tou know I regard you as my son. and I am gomg to have a voice in the matter." Benben went down to Svdney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what be had done the latter declared that he had robbed the colony of its best police officer. Reuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, bnt the latter declared he would have no nonsense on the subiecU * i am one ot tuericnesLme 1 in tbe colony, he said," and it's hard if 1 can't spend my money as I choose." There is little more to tell. Reuben became one of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold his business and returned to England and bought an estate not far from Lrsves, where he is still living with his wife and family. He was accompanied from Australia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Reuben Wnitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute agreement is as to which owes most to the other. [XHE ESD.] 