Notes and Anticipations. CBT " MARTINDALE.'') j From tho time that the committee cf Tattersall's Club postponed their rao o meeting on Saturday last, up to the present time I have not heard any one com-, mend them for it. Thny certainly were too hurried in arriving at a deoision. Had they waited an hour, and that would have only boen ll o'clock, no doubt could have been felt that the afternoon would not be a fine one. It literally capsized the whole of tho week's business, as tho pony-rao ra would then have got through their meetings without any hitch, and what is moro, we should havo had Mr. Scarr's weights before ua for the A.J.C. Hurdle KacB and Steeplechase. Certainly, I dare Bay that with their publication on Monday plenty of timo will be afforded even tho Viotorian owners to put in an appearance if thoy so wish. Still, it ia a trifle ehort tor a horse to be sent over. It ia only to bo hoped that fino weather will prevail to-day (Satur day), when there should bean excellent attendance at Randwick.- Tho intervening week baa not brought about any* material alteration in my opinions as to what will win the different events. Tho Hurdle Raoo finish may. lay between Waratah, Killarnoy, and Idlo Boy. A trio that should bo well forward at the finish of tho Tramway Handicap are Danton, Melba, and Moraine, while Easy John must also occupy a forward position. Tho Miner or Merriwa may win^the Selling Eace, and Orlove or Glitter the Two-year-old Race; while Chatham and Grenadier may be a hard pair to beat in the Spring Handicap. If the newly-formed Illawarra Turf Club are always Bb successful in s curing entries from metropolitan owners as they wore on Monday laat for their initial meeting, the shareholders should bo well pleasod. The club riohly deserved it, as they adver tised in a liberal manner. Tho course was always a popular ono with metropolitans so far back as 30 Îears ago, and now that a company have taken tho usiness in hand and promise that matters shall bo carried out in a businesslike manner, thoro is little doubt but what tho meeting will bo a success. Tho total number of nominations rectived was 146. Of course the fields aro made up with second-rate hort 03, but that is so much tho hotter, sa the handicappers will thus ba ablo to put them together with reason able weights up, and no one horse wilt be crushed out of it. Thc days of racing aro Wednesday and Thurs day next, when a special train will run to Wollongong, returning in the ovening to Sydney. The following remarks tikon from a communica tion to the NKW ZEALAND HERALD on the" Appoint" ment of Handicappers " will hardly meot with the approval of some on this sido, more especially amongst the ponyowners: Being in no wise interested in, and professing to know nothing of tho under cur -rent. of racing business, but looking uierdy as a critical, and not altogether illogical spectator of the course that racing affairs sometimes take, we may ventpre the opinion that this question should .be^nawered by a mont decided negative. Non-inter ference of horsoowners should unquestionably be the Btfict' rule and praotioe of all racing dubs. It is a mattBr of mere business fairness ; everything of the kind should be above Buapicion, if that is possible in matters pf a purely horsey nature. Any man who has an:interest in any contingency whioli depends on tho official decision of tho person elocted by or through his vote or influence should bo strictly debarred from the exeroise of either. Human nature is frail. Horse owners naturally like their horses to win. If the horses are open to a possible suspicion that because owners . A., B., or C. have helped to secure the appointment of a handicapper, then there may ariáe that unconscious cerebration which ".willy nilly " may occasionally actuate the most honest mon who havo intimate dealings with competitors on four legs. Therefore, the argument ia, and common sense-the sixth, and with some, one of the best of senses-teaches that the less owners of horses have to do with such appointments tho better for the fair and unbiassed methods of estimating weights, .Prom New Zealand comea the news that the South land Stud Co., started last year, has experienced a ßnecessf til season, tho proßt being equal to t)£ per cent, on the paid-up capital. Tho horaos Lorraine and Ike have given eatisfaction, anda third entire ÍB to be purchased, the present lists being nearly full. ? gentility, by Grand Flaneur from Belle of Cobham, hfia dropped a colt foal to Niagara. Mr. W. Forrester VfaB recently made a pres ant of the maro by Mr. George Adams. Out of compliment to tho former bwner, the colt will bo named " Consultation." There appears to be some opposition shown to early 2-year-old raoing in New Zealand, and quito right too. ; In a letter written to a contemporary, Mr. John Marshall advances some very sound arguments against it. Amongst other authorities he. ç^ptes from the late Admiral Rona, who wrote : " Thera ia an ignorant notion abroad that tho thorough br eda have degenoratod because JSO many are broken down before thoy are 4-ycar-olda. It ia no wonder if wo reflect that in these railroad times tho young horses »re destroyed by galloping and racing 10 months in tho year. It ia tho old story, killing tho goose for tho golden eggs-otherwise there is no deterioration ; on the contrary, the race horse never was so good." Mr. William Day states : "Every ßentimont of tho gallant Admiral, as above expressed, I folly endorse." And he further saya : " It ia not tho training itself, but the abuse of it, iu running them so oft- n when trained and trying them BO continually that deserves censure, and should be abandoned." Crackshot is not (says " Rata ") looking well in the hocks. Perhaps ho has been affected thero for a con siderable time and the ailment ia now beginning to show. H-3 is in the hands of a careful trainer, how ever, and hi may to got all right and trained per fectly for the New Zealand Cap. At present his hooka aro merely becoming noticeable. Onr Hay correspondent writes as follows : The Hay New Year Race Club have determined to bold a race meeting in October next, in addition to their annual meeting. At the last meoting of the Hay Jockey Club committee a complaint waa roceived from Mr. Cahill, a Jerilderie resident, against Mr. John Dillon, a Hay bookmaker and publican, to the effect that tho latter repudiated a wager of ¿6100 to ¿26, made on the May races! The evidenco adduced by Cahill was very clear, and apparently conclusive, but "for the.defenoe " itwas contended thatDillon hadnot laid the wager referred to to Cahill, and Dillon's betting book, in which tho. entry did not appear, was putin as evidence. Tho wager, it waa shown, waB laid Borne days later to' another individual. The gfperal opinion of the committee appeared to ba that Dillon had laid the wager; and had forgotten to book it,; but itwas decided to refer the mattel-, with tho evidence, to the A.J.C. I . can inforai the H.J.Ü. ooinmittee that.the A.J.C. take no notice of betting ; they will consequently not consider the matter at all. No race clubs aro snppoHsdto mix themselves up with betting in any way. Tattersa'i's ia the only people to deal with tho matter. From a local source I learn that tte Cunnamulla Jockey Club have decided to hold a spring meeting this year (a new departure), to take the form of two days' racing, tho same to tike place on Thursday and Friday, October 8 and 9. The residente of the town have guaranteed a sum of money towards the ex penses, and should the. weather provo favorable an enjojableholiday is anticipated. Great things were expected of Dunkeld when he first arrived in Victoria. He was a complete failure, however, and is now in work down at Wodonga, under tho care of George Davis. Mr. R. B. Peel has acted as handicapper for the Broken Hill Jockey Club meeting to bo hold on Sep tember 17 and VJ. In tho Broken Hill Cup and Handicap ho has placed Frolic at the top of the lists with Oat 111b and Oat 12.1b respectively. The New castle mare Ellorstono is weighted in. both racoa at lBt less. Horseownors and trainera have long since arrived at the conclusion that the female pnntsr is not an acquisition to tho racecourse. One day thi3 week an owner assured mo that ono of them had so olton told her friends and others that (die owned an animal in his stable that she now firmly believed suoh to l:e the ease, though nob owing a bair in his tail. It ia also aaid of another that sho is not adverse to doing a a little " squaring," being possessed of a fair amount of capital, and knowing not a few of the ridera. If this lady is caught she should be made an example of. The well-known writer "Vagrant" states that strangles this year have been very bad at Tocal, and I regret to hear that three fillios suooumbed to ita effeots, viz., by Tho Drummer from Young Emily, by Sweet William from Vera, and a daughter of Butler and Algerino. Ono very bad case was successfully treated by the Novfoestle vet. Garrard, and I am glad to be able to chronicle that all the yearlings aro now quite recovered, and are doing remarkably well. Nominations for the Parkes Jookey Club Siros Produce Stakes, to be run at the annual race meeting in 1892, close on October 31. The winner of this race wil rec.ive 70 sovs. Visitors to Caulfield have frequ*ntly disputed tho official time, and with good reason too. It ia now re ported that an oleotric timing apparatus, similar to that in voguo at Flemington, ia to he erected. It will be an improvement, as no er,d of people are very particular aa to having it correctly taken, they baaing their calcul attona upon it, not with always winning results I believe. The spring race mooting in connection with tho Walgett Turf Club has been fix<»d for November ll and 12, when they will give away 400 sovs in added money. The following are the foalings at Tocal up to dato : August-9th, Vera (by Kelpie-Blink Bonny), colt by Sweet William ; 11th, Happy Thought (dam of Tom Brown, Sorolla, Merriment, &o.;), colt by Golds brough; 16th, Snphietina (imp.), purchaspd at Mr. Town's sale for 400g.-, filly by Splendor; 19th, Min gera (by Yattendon-Tho Fly and dam of Tho Oaks, Muscatel, &c;), filly by Goldsbrough; 19th, May Queen (by Goldsbrough-Mermaid), filly by The Drummer ; 24th, Colima (dam of Splendide), filly by Splendor. The crop of youngsters ia said to bo an es pecially flue one, and some metropolitan sportsmen who have seen them are greatly in love with two colts out of Thomar and Minuet'(Bister to Molos), by Sweet William. The imported horse Tregeagle, who carno to Aus tralia in 1869,' in company with Talk-o'-the-Hill, died a few days ago in South Australia. Bred by Lord Falmouth in 1865, Tregeagle was hy Wild Dayrell from Silverhair, by Kingston from England's Beauty, by Birdcatoher, and Avas a good performer on the English turf. Among the horses sired by Tregeagle may bo mentioned Device, Speotre, Wattle, Umslopo ! gaas, Ghost, Delamere, Symbol, &c.; I The many friends of the bookmaker, Mr. John Cannon, will be pleased to hear that he has success ! fully undergone a second painful operation at St. Kilda Hospital. It will, however, be some time fcefore ho is able to resume business. According to a cable message dated London, August 28, the French authorities have rescinded the order addressed to tho English bookmakers at Calais and Boulogno requiring thom to quit the country. After thinking the matter over quietly, the authorities havo come to tho conclusion that their expulsion would bo hurtful to tho local trade. No doubt Messrs. Valen tine, Hardaway, Toiling, and Co. assisted the authorities with their advice to arrive at this opinion. Last Saturday at the Victorian Trotting Club Meeting, held at Elsternwick Park, Glenloth, who held a great reputation about tho southern part of New South Wales, waa sent out twice favorite, but failed to get homo in either racoa. In tho August Handicap, 5£ furlongs, with 7at, he was made favorite at 3 to 1." Leyland, 7st 31b, won by two lengths from Pretender, 7st 91b, who beat Glenloth by a length. The time was lmin 12¿seo. Not satisfied with his defeat in the above, the Glonhjth-party backed their horse t|own, to 5 to 2 for the Elsternwick Park Handicap, whioh waa won by Redfern, Sat 10,b, hy three parta of a length from Clonard, with Golden King third. Redfern is aeon of Mr. W. Kelso's favorito maro Stella. A day's racinsr is to beheld at Groenwell Point, under tho auspices of the local race club on Decem ber 2G. According to tho latest advices from Melbourne, the Victorian Trotting Cub havo purchased Oakleigh Park, and will in future hold its race meetings there. This has beo:i brought about through tho refusal to tli9 club of a licence to run at E'sttrnwick Park. For some yoard the club ha3 hold most successful meet ings at the latter place, which it has muoh improved. However, its now quarters ara in every way suit able. The Balranald Racing Club has a balance of ¿6134 IDs 9d to its credit according to tho 1 alanoe sheet read at the late annual general meeting hold on August 2(5. Tho Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club has issued a programme of race events, to be run off at tho Wallsond course on Septem'.er lt). A little over 100 aovs is to be given away by the Silverton Jockoy Club to ita Spring Raco Meottncr, whioh has been fixed to take p!a:o on September 23. Tho loading event is tho Silverton Cup, of 45 sovs, 1£ milo. At a meeting of the committee of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club the following motion was carried : " Tüat all horses whioh have been traitod since August 24 be not charged for ; that 10a Gd bo charged for each horse trained from July 1 to December ¿1, 1891, and the Eamo amount bo required'tor training fees for each horse for overy six months trained, cenvnencing on January 1 and July 1 in each yeir, ond that no charge be made for horses trained on three days pre ceding race meetings." A race meeting is announced to take place at Acacia Dam on September 30. Tho programme in whioh is includod a Hurdle Race, is made np of six races, tho total amount of added money being 100 sovs. From tho Richmond comos tho news that Mr. J. Wightman has purohasedfrom Mr. EdwardB, Romola, tho winner of the Corinthian raco at Casino. She is a fino roomy mare by Eastley (imp.) out of Reisling, and a full sister to Hook. Race meetings to takaplace at Yass and Collector have t een registered by tho A. J.C. According to lato advices from Melbourne, Wy combe broke down so badiy while racing last Satur day at Elsternwick Park that he will not be able to race again for so mo time to como. It is pleasing to hear that the spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Ciu'n, whioh was brought to a conclusion on Tuesday last, was in every way a suc cess. On the second day Piety won tho Grandstand Handicap, boating Mayday. Latina had no difficulty in securing the Foal Stakes, while tho favorita, Two Up, who wont out at6to4, won tho Town Plate easily. After Ellery had won the Disposal Stakes, Transit got home in the Stecplechaso ; the favorite, Tho Ghost, falling. In the last event, the Ladies' Br.io lot, Associate went out favorite, but was beaten by Tho Bo38 Tailor. Thonsrh many think differently, and that a dinner at a guinea a piece would have been the most appro priate way of opening Tattersalls now rooms, I must say that the committeo chose tho botter plan in my opinion. It was a most representativo àssomblago of sportsmen, and must have caused some ourious thoughts to flit through the minds of tho3a present who have been associated with tho club since its first start. When I first entered the room, with its noatly sot-out tables for the guests, tho memory of "Now, gentlemen, will you please leave tho room; I want to set the tables for dinner," uLtered soma years ago, came back to mo. That'was when tho members used to congregate in what was then termed the long room at Tattersalls Hotel. Tho committees deserve every credit for tho prosperity of the club, and here I must say that not a little cf their standing of to-day is duo to the efforts of their present secre tary, Mr. James Perry. No one could work hardor ank look after the interests of his employers with greater zeal. If I remember right, Mr. Perry was elected to the position about 12 years ago, so that the length of service tells pretty plainly that he is the right man in the right place. Mr. R. J. M'Culloch has been appointed judge for the V.R.C., vice Mr. R. S. Wakely, resigned. Ibo V.R.C. on Tuesday sustained the appeal in the Dillon disqualification caso, in whioh Dillon, his ownor (Mr. Dunlevio), of Adelaide, his trainer (A. Miller), and the jockey (Milne), were each dis qualified for two years by tho V.A.T.C. stewards on account of tho horse's alleged suspicious running in the Kambrook Handicap at Caulfield on July 25. Tho spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turi Club, whioh commenças on Monday, promises to be a success.. A fair lot of entries have been received for the minor evonts. A race meeting held at Muswellbrook on August 28 passed off in a most satisfactory manner. There was an excellent attendanco to witness the racing, whioh opened with a six furlongs handicap won by Barnaby Radge. Marquee secured the Novel Rice, and Weera the Muswellbrook Cup. The Welter Handioap was ap propriated by British B¿Ile, and tho Tweed Handicap by Zallowalli. Tho filly from Wildfire has been struck out of the A. J.C. Oaks, and Legacy filly out of the First Foal Stakes. Mr. John M'Donald has been appointed starter to the South Australian Jookey Club. The total a ióunt of added money to tho ona day's spring meeting of the Auckland Racing Clnb is 525 sovs. Tho date of racing is September 19. At a meeting of the A.J.C. licensing committee held on August 28, the following were granted lioences to ride as jockeys : H. B.MLaughlin, Edgar Rogers, Ed. Curran, and Sydney Freeland Trainers : Noah Beal, and Charles Gough. Barton Blink, a horse well known in this colony, has been weighted at 9st 91b for tha Flying, and 9sfc 2ib for the Port Douglas Handicap. With 9st 101b ho won the Flying Handicap on the first day of the Wild River Jockey Club Meeting. Mr. Sam Cook has scratched The Jester and The Magistrats out of tho A.J.C. Derby. Tho Totalisator Bill introduced into the Victorian Legislativo Assembly by Mr. Murray provides th it " from and after tho passing of tho aot the to talisator or any other michino or instrument of a like nature shall, when used in oonneotion with any racing club duly recognised by tho Victoria Racing Club upon any public raceeoursa approved by the Governor in Council, boN exemptod from tho provisions as to lotteries and gaming, provided that not more than -totalisator machines or instruments shall he authorised or usod upon such racocourso at any ono tim9 unless authorised by tho Governor iu Council, and no totalisator machine or instrument shall bo used for a longer period on any suoh racecourse than eight days at any ono moating." No club is to charge more than 10 per cont, on any moneys placed in tho totalisators under a penalty not exceeding ¿6500 for every day that such higher chargo is made, and in addition to tho penalty all moneys so im properly received shall be forfeited to the " Bupport of charities fund." One quarter of the net profits ariflipg from tho use of any totalisator shall be paid to a fund to be known aa the "support of charities fund," which -hall ba disposed ot anr-ually by a vote of tho Legislative Assombly for charitable purposes. The Walgett spring race meeting will be held, on November ll and 12. The added prize money will amount to ¿£400. After a splendid raaa for the Trial Stakes, at Her berton, the winner .turned up in the chestnut filly Cooees, by Phil Athol, from Jewess, who beat Onida for fir.-t place, Charlemagne finishing third. The following scratchings in connection with the A.J.C. Spring Meeting were posted at the oflioe of the A.J.C. on Monday.-Derby: Br f My Birthday, by Richmond from Bridalwreath. Oaks : Br f Tasma, by St. Albans (imp.) from Zillah ; br f My Birthday, by Riohmond from Bridalwreath. Second Foal Stakes: Ch f Wainiora, by St. Leger fromBaupo; b f The Rejected, by Robinson Crusoe from Lady Disdain ; b f La To3ca, by Robinson Crusoe from Nightmare; br f Tasma, by St. Albina (imp.) from Zillah ; br f She, by Nordenfeldt from Steppe; ch f Lady Carbine, by Nordenfeldt fron M-rsey (imp.); br c Steadfast, by Nordenfeldt from Nellie Moore; br !f by Nordenfeldt ir m Realisation; br f Cooya, by Nordonfeldt from Radiance ; ch f, by Leolinus (imp.), from Titania: br f, by Sword Dance (imp.), from Onyx; Lr o Zalinski, by Nordenfeldt from Frailty; and br o Slrathmore, by Nordenfeldt from Ouida. The last-mentioned ll ara owned by Mr. W. R. Wilson. There were not a few people present at the opening ol Tattersalls Club who thought that the " books " showed a somewhat undue haste to fcegin business in it. Hardly hod tho chairman pat down, after reply ing ta a toast, before " I'll lay 6 to 1 Epsom Handi cap " could be heard. Others qoickly joined in, as if there was a wager as to who would book the first bet. No doubt the metallicians when they glanced round thought it a good opportunity, seeing such an assemblage of wealthy people. Tharo is an old saying of "strike while tho iron's hot," butl _ \ very much doutt if one man came to that gathering with the least idea cf baoking a horse, and it would have been much better taite if tho betting books had been left behind, and the githering allowed to pass off without tho effort being made to literally di ag a , fow pounds out ol an unsuspecting assemblage's pocket. Touchstone was struck out of Tattersalls Club Spring Hindioap on Monday. The salo of racing stock by Mr. T. S. C ibborn on Monday afternoon was rather a dull affair, the bidding not reaching the ref-orvo in most cases. Stookdale, by Yattendon from Stockdove, wai bought by Mr. O. Thompson, of Camden Park, for 290g-. Halo, by Monmouth-Aureole, 4 year?, fell to tho bid of Mr. ' Dowling for 220gs. Mr. Woads secured a 3-year-old filly by Sardonyx for COgs. Mr Bowman bought a Goldäbroush maro for 50gs. The Bpeoiy filly Ade laide, by Rapid from Clio, was withdrawn at lOOgs; and Kingswood, by First King from Margaret, was passed in at 150gs. An ovent of the sensational order helped to enliven the proceedings at Lillis Bridge on Monday. The well-known tro'.ter Tom Spring was a starter in the Handioap Trot, and despite his ago, 23 years, he occupied tho back mark, namely, 22aeo behind soratoh. The old fellow battled gimoly on for a milo, when ho staggered and dropped dead on the' track. Tom Spring was owacd for 17 years by Mr. S. Morford. A splendid entry has been reo ivad for the Illawarra Racing Club'.-! first mnetingr. There are 24 in the Tom Thumb Handicap, 20 in tho Flying Handicap, 20 in the Oponing Handicap, and 17 for the big m mey. The following racehorses arrived on Monday from Brisbane: Garuda, Heath, Goldenstone, Coronelía, and Dan O'Connell. It is intended to hold a race moating at Moorefield at an early date to raia 3 funds for the establishment of a cottage hospital for the service of the suburbs along the Illawarra line. A meeting for suoh a truly good (îauae will surely receive large support from the public and horaeownors. Mr. Peter Moore has, with his usual generosity, offered the nae of his course free of chargo, while Messrs. Jolly and G. Rowe have volun teered their services. The disqualification of Walter Reakes for two years by the Narromine Amateur Race Club wa3 con sidered by the A.J.C. oi Monday, and endorsed. W. Rheece, the well-known cross-country rider, who waa injured while riding at the Richmond Rivor annual meeting, was on Monday granted .£20 from the A.J.C. Distressed Jockey Fund. Tho spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was most successfully inaugurated on Monday, the attendance being numerous, the weather delightful, tba fields large, and the racing good. Fifteen started for the Hurdle Race, which was won by Frantic, the second favorito. Meteoric, the favorite, foll while leading at the last hurdle. The Trial Stakes was won by Westella, who started at 5 to 4 on in a field of 14 starters. Another hot favorite Latonia got home in the Sires' Produce Stakes. The time-honored Wagga Gold Cup, which ia years past created widespread interest, waa won by Two Up, a gelding by Arabi from a Bonnie Carlialo mare. Ariadne was second, and Simon third. Snip started favorite, with Timbrel and Simon next in demand. Ellery won the Selling Race, and the Flyin? Handicap waa appropri ated by Mr. Sullivan's peculiarly named J.5. Another consultation swindle is being attempted, ' and with an amount of audacity rare'y equalled. AU sporting people aro familiar with the Tattersalls Consultations, so fairly and straightforwardly con ducted by Mr. George Adams. Some individual has Ibo impudence to pirati nob only Mr. Ada-na's form of circular, but his very name. "We have been shown a copy of thia circular, which no doubt ha8 been ex tensively distributed throughout tin country. It ia word for word a copy of the genuine Tatter sall'a Consultation, excapt the heiding and ths address. Th3 heading in the spurious ciroular ia "G. Adams's Monster Prize Consultation," and the address is "G. Adams, 591, G.P.O., Pitt- street, Sydnoy." All who have had any acquaintance with the genuine oiroulars will recollect that the heading to theoi ii "Tattersalls Monster Prize Conault* tion," and the address, " Tattersall, care of George Adams, Tattersalls Club, Sydney, N.S.W." A more barefaced attempt to pirate another man's name and poach on his preserves has rarely baen attempted. Tho postponement of Tattersalls Club meeting until to day will, no doubt, somewhit interfere with to-day's racing at Newcastle. Still thora is a local population who aro fond of pport quite sufficient ta make it a success. Very fair nominations were re coived for tho different events, so that the fields ara sure to be numerous, and the contests good. Thom wishing to attend from Sydney can do so by the S a.m. train from Redfern. The meeting will be con tinued on Monday, when, no doubt, there will ba « good sprinkling of Sydney sports present. Our Bathurst correspondent informs mo that tho committee of the Bathurst Turf Club have decided ta grub and clear about 30 acres of land on their race course. Thia to be used as the site of a new grand stand. It is about time they thought about doing something, as the old structure is hardly a eafa one. 