k jr The Rajah's Vengeance. BoveUst. s t A STORY OF INDIA' CHAP TEH IlL- -Conhitoed. BY F R E D E R I C K M. DEY. While seemingly frank and confident with me, there were some points upon which he was extremoly reticent. He told me that he belonged to one of the Bajpootran sects, and was allied to the house of a powerful Rajah who only remained Mendly with the British Tale so long as it left him undisturbed in his own possessions. The Rajah Hahmanha was ft direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrha's description, wan marvellously rich, proud as Lucifer, arrogant and cruel. His domain was of large extent, and was situated in the district known as Odeypore. ' Can yon tell ine,' I asked of Simrha,* if you have ever known of a Hindoo prince called Havana?' * * Yes, sahib,' he replied. The Bajah Havana was the father of the Kajah Nahmands.' It was only my strong self-control and power to suppress sadden -emotions which prevented me from leaping to my Jeet with a cry of joy. As it was, I started a little, for the answer he had given told me that, through some "strange circumstance, I had engaged an my servant one who was already connected with the household of tie very Rajah to whom I must look for the information I sought in behalf of Cogswell's request. ~ It was then I began to question Simrha, and found him so extremely reticent and so loth to give me any details regarding the things I most wished to know. On the fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would be, iu ia measure, frank with him, and thus ascertain if it were possible to persuade him to tell ine more concerning the Rajah's immediate surroundings. ' Simrha,' I said, quietly, ' I, too, am going to India.' ' To India ?' he ciied. ' Yes/1 continued ; 'and am "so well pleased with you and yoar services that if you desire it -you may continue with me—on one condition. 9 'Yes, sahib?" * 1'ho condition is you remain in my service during thstiina I am in jour country, and give »e what aid you can iu an undertaking which I am determined to accomplish.' He was silent for several moments, * If the sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not visit O Jeypore during his stay, I will readily consent to the first part of the condition,' be said, finally. •Bat it is to 0 Jeypore that I most desire to go.' 4 In that case, sahib, I cannot remain in your service,' 'Why not ' Because I belong to the household of the Rajah Nahmauda.' ' In what capacity do yon serve him?' ' That which in your country you would term secretary.' 'But can you not secure his consent to my plan? . X asked. 'Impossible, sahib ?' . The tone in which he answered ma was so decided that I plainly saw the futility of arguing with him further. '.Will, you teU .me of his household?' I asked.* ' T What more do you desire to know sahib?' ' Has he any family ? Would he entertain me for a few days at his palace ?' ' He would not refuse yoa if you applied to him, eaUib; bat, if yoa will sllorrme to advise yoa, do not go there.' ' Why, Simrha ?' ' The Rajah knows you.* ' Knows me V I cried in wonder. ' Yes, sahib. That is, he will know you by the ' time yoa rcach his palace, and he will suspect the canse of yoar visit." ' Bat my vitit has no cause beyond a natural curiosity, I returned. ' Pardon me, sahib, bat it has. You were for many years the confidential friend of Sahib lieuban Cogswell, who ia now dead, and the Rajah will suspect that it is upon his affairs that you make the visit.' I was astounded. ' Who are you, Simrha ?' I cricd. * And how do you know these thing??' | 1 1 am Simrha, a Hindoo,' he replied, calmly, ' and I know whereof I speak, because it became my duty to know all that concerned the Sahib Reuben Cogswell when I left India.' ' Then you were sent here by the Rajah ?' ' I was, sahib.' • In company with another 7' He bowed an affirmative. ' How long ago, Simrha ?' 1 Two years.' .'Did you see the old man before he died ?' . 'I did, sabi'o, but he did not see me.' " «Ahl' ' • raited' to'^ig^Sf^timeB;* he continued. .' Without hw; 'Without his kuo 5 ' For the f rp >ie of serving my master.' ' Simrha,' I *a":d, slowly and impressively, ' if yen will t-ll me all you know—and that you think would interest me, I will pay you well for it. I will make you rich.' ' If the sahib should give mi all the wealth of the Rajth Naktn&nda;,' ho replied,'it would ba useless for me to speak, even though I were willing.' 'Why?' ' Because I should be killed.' 'By whom ?' ' By those who watch me day and night.' ' Are there spies aboard this ship ?' ' Ay. sahib, and in this very apartment.' I glanced quickly around, bat the Hindoo only smiled. * They cannot be seen,' he said, ' and yet they are here. Sc-e! I will leave the apartment and go upon deck. While I am gene, if you will recall the face of the Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you would speak to him where he really here, I will return and tell you what you said and what he answered. ' What Ha answered 1' ' Yes, sahib, for he will answer you.' Without another word he turned and left me, while seating myself on the edgo cf my bunk, 1 fell to picturing Cogswell's face upon my memory. Almost immediately I felt a strange sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched robber were bound around it; my eyes grew heavy and 1 closed them, bat not in sleep; only because i* "eemed au effort to ktep them open. Suddenly a very familiar voice broke in upon me. ' What is it, John it said; and looking up quickly, although my eyes still felt as if they were dosed, I beheld Reuben Cogswell standing before me. He looked just as I bad seen him m my in. explicable dream the night when I obtained the ignatures, and as then his presence did not seem o need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural that he should be there. Who is this Hindoo travelling with me ?' I asked. A peculiar person,'be replied. He is subtle keen, and powerful in bis knowledge and command of the occult sciences of India.' He knows much of our affairs,'I said slowly and meditatively. ' He knows nearly all,' replied the old man, What he does not know and what he is determined to find oat is the precise reason for yoar voyage to his cotintry.' How shall I be able to prevail upon him to work for me in this matter of carrying out your wishes? His familiarity with all the phases of Hindoo life would be invalnable to me.' * Ay, John, so it would, butyou'mnstbe careful. I believe Simrha to be faithful, and possibly, if you were frank and open with him, it might not ba amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, us I am unable to advise you.' - ( Old Reuben's face was becoming indistinct, and ai it did so my mind seemed to work with more freedom, for suddenly ia new thought occurred to «e. t Wait!' 1 cried. ' One more question.' What is it?' Shall I find your descendant in India ? Hare you one there ?' Was it fancy, or did the face before me relax Into a smile as 1 asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features were growing fainter and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance I heard his voice reply to my question: ' Ay, X have one, John, and it depends entirely tipon yourself to find her.' ' Her 1' I cried, but he had gone. Tbefamiliar old face had faded from view, and I was left alone. I Tubbed my eyes vigorously, and then with an effort opened them to find myself still sitting upon ^he edge of my bank in the state-room with everything that had occurred engraven forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked around me. ' Is my mind losing its balance?' I asked mytelf,' I subject to fits of abstractedness iu which I have these strange and realistic visions, dreams, in which. I see ghosts ? Pshaw J Nonsense ! Aid,yet' At this instant the door opened, and Simrha appeared standing in the entrance. There was a peculiar smile upon bis face like that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet with the oppressed, tight feeling which was still hovering about me, I fancied lbsre was something triumphant in his glance also. ' Shall I enter, sahib?' he inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he came in and closed the door behind him. Shall I speak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?'—See Picture No. 6.—he asked; and wondering, if he indeed knew, and yet, dreading to share the knowledge with him, hesitated. No <5.—' Shall 1 speak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?' asked Simrha. My curiosity was too much for me, however, and the strange smile which still lingered about tho Hindoo's eyes seemed to urge me on. ' Yes,' speak!' I said. ' Tell mo all you know —all, or leave my employ.' CHAPTER IV. THE HINDOO S VABXING. Simrha seated himself upon a chair near the door, arid slowly repeated the questions and answers, each and all, which had passed between Reuben Cogswell and myself during my strange dream, for I could explain my late experience no other way. When he had finished, I sprang to my feet in anger.' ' Go on,' I cried. ' Tell me all, for there is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on me to engage you as my servant, because you were in want, have by some infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would have kept, even from Heaven, had I the power; and now I swear that you shall never.,jeare this room alive until you have answejjSl -every question which I shall ask.* jisg?.'}.'. • "' . I .held In-l»y 4iapd - a revolver, the hammer -*J^^-^Je" pointing straight at tefBiawBeliMn^Jie fildiwt Iiet the sahib ask the question before he shoots,' said he, calmly. ' Do you know the descendant of this Reubin Cogswtll?' Yes.' Who, where, and what is the person ?' She is a grand-niece of the Rajah Nahmanha, and resides in his palace in Odeypore. What is she? A true daughter of -Vishnu, and I, sahib, am her slave.' I lowered my weapon, and in a moment more he continued: * Let the sahib listen,' he said, with a dignity that impressed me, and let him take heed. During tho night before he left his native place a double crime was committed, with the commission of which he was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friend released him, and I was by this time walking back and forth in the little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carried the revoller, and in my mind many schemes arose for ridding myself of - this unpleasant confidant. I. did not interrupt him, bowevf f. ' You are bound for the East on a most dangerous mission,' he said, and your path will be beset with treachery and danger continually. When you least expect it death .will stare yoa -in the face. When apparently in the greatest security, perils subtle and sudden will stand -on either hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier than the sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by the tiniest web the spider spins. And so long as tha R«j»h Nahmanha lives your peril will continue, until it ends with your death, unleBS yoa are prepared to turn back from your present intentions and forsake all further eftort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well.' ' Never V I cried. Again that faint smil», like the flitting cf I phantom, passed across his face. I have not done,' he continued, ' for I knew before I spoke that you would not turn back. There is, Sihib, a brighter side, for a friend—the friend who liberated you from prison—will watch over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and the sword is about to fall you will be sure to be warned. How cinnot be told, bai let it not matter how the warning comes heed it; no matter how many there are, heed them all, or yoa will die.' Who is this friend ?' I asked, pausing abruptly in my restless pacing to and fro; ' and, Simrha, who are yoa? Not a servant, surely Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen *, you shall know all that can be told. With that you must be satisfied, for nothing more can be revealed at present. ' When your enemies find that you escape them and still live, they will resort to apparent warning to lead you into danger; bat heed them uct. You will always know the messages of your friend by the word "Nurha," either spoken or written.' •Whydo you tell me this?' I asked." To frighten me T If that ia your reason, Simrha.you will not succeed. - 'No more questions can be answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told take heed, for the truth to enter haB your been service, spoken. but'that I deceived was done you in for order the purpose of this interview. Yon could not be spoken, to until we were on the water. Now that the words are spoken, tfeinasfpart. Remember, sahib, all that yon have heard, and if you heed the warning we shall meet again: if not, yon will fail; and, if even yon had a hundred lives regiven you, one after another, you would still bedead.' Turning abruptly, ha re-opened the door, and left me, while I, seating myself once more upon the edge of the bunk, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over the strange words I had jast heard. Was I, then, in such great danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Rajah so powerful that his influence extended into foreign lauds, threatening people's lives? Bah! The idea was preposterous. And yet, how had Simrha known so much of my affairs ? How was he to know that I was in any way connected with the affairs of Reuben Cogswell? Nay, morel How had he become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which had hastened my departure for the East, There was only one answer to the many questions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of th9 Rijah were upon every hand, watchful, subtle—aye, and fatal too. Bat why had he warned me? Why had he selected me out of the chaos of Hindoo hatred to be watched over and finally saved as he had intimated? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers ? Was it part of the treachery to which he referred ? or did there exist some motive of which 1 had no conception for his friendliness towards me ? Alas! there was no answer to that! 'Stopl' I exclaimed, hurriedly. 'I will go on deck and find him, question him farther, and force hiai to tell me more. Without thinking twice, 1 left the stateroom for the deck, on reaching which, however, not a sign of Simrha could be seen anywhere among the passengers, although I walked back end forth, eagerly looking for liim. At last, feeling that to continue my Eearch unaided would be fruitless, I spoke to the chief officer, and explained to him my wish to find my servant. '' Oh, yes,' he said, 'remambsr him perfectly— a strange- looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian—^eh ? J thought-so. He spoke to me here on deck less than an hour ago.- Iiost him —eh ? Well, lie is somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.' Calling the pursuer to bis aid, we three resumed the search, but after occupying an hour in fruitless endeavours to find bim, we met again. ' He couldn't leave the sUp very well, unless he went overboard,' said the officer, ' and he could not very well do that in daylight without my hearing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and 1 will find him if 1 have to ransack the ship from stem to stern.' We began with tha steerage, every one of the passengers in that part of the vessel being compelled to pass in review before us, We went down into the hold, where -stowaways secret themselves. We looked among the -stokers in the boiler- rooms. In fact, not a portien. of the ship where a man could by any possibility" have secreted himself was left unexamined. Simrha had disappearad. The entire ship, crew and passengers alike, became interested in the strange and inexplicable event, and felt that he must be found; but as the day wore on, and still my Hindoo servant was missing, 1 gave himup. ' He must lia.ve gone overboard,' said the chief officer to me, when tho search was completed, ' for 1 am positive that lie ia not aboard the vessel now.' And so thought 1, and although 1 conld not believe that he had voluntarily thrown himself into the sea, 1 concluded that in attempting to conceal himBelf he liadisomehow fallen overboard and been lost. On the foUowingSay « new excitement Ufa of VI some CUIM'J kind arose, and H^fflissingserrant was forgotten, officer, ' and I have asked him to. repeat it to you. If, after you have heard it, you wonld like to have the ship gone over again, it shall be done, although 1 think it useless, and the steward's story nothing bat imagination.* ' Let me hear it,' 1 said. He said that lia'f an hour before he was putting away somj glasses in their proper places, and had occasion to step into a back pantry, where he kept several kinds of dainty food, &J.; Ho opened the door sudlenly, and was frightened nearly out of his wits by the sight that met his gize. ' Standing at the farther end of the pantry, with glass of wine at his lips, was the figure of my Hindoo servant Simrha. The steward quickly recovered his wits, however, and crying, 'Aha, I have caught you, have 1 ?' sprang towards him with arms outstretched. Bat he had not taken the second 6tep before he came toatudden stop, for the East Indian was no longer there. He had disappeared before the steward's eyes, and at the further end of a little closet-like room, from whigS ther^jfas absolutely no means of escape, except by-passing through the door behind the indignant steward. . The man rabbed his eyes, thinking that something blurred his vision; bat the Hindoo had vanished like the flame of a lamp when quickly snuffed out. The second look satisfied him that he was not mistaken, while on the other hand he was as positive that the strange man had been there when he first entered. Thoroughly frightened, he turned and fled from the place, convinced that lie. had seen ghost, and going straight to tha chief officer, he had told the story which in turn'was related to me. ' All imagination, 1 say/.Ejaculated the officer bat all tha same, Mr. Merlon (that was the name I had caused to bs entered 3n;:th9 pissjagar list for mine) wo will make another search if you say ' Let us go into pantry,' 1 replied. ' Had Simrha indeed been there engaged in drinking wino, there will be some evidences of his presence there, surely.' , ' " We went together to the BtewardVpaatry, and there, upon the little table at the farther end was a half-empty bottle of claret and * glass, both of which the steward took his oath-were not there when he had gone out of the place a couple of hours before, encountering in his way what he now thoroughly believed to be the phantom of Simrha. i •'. ' Ghosts don't drink wiue and eafebiscuits," said the chief officer,' and here are crumbs which show that somebody has been engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Merton ?' ; ••""•' : 1 did nbt know what to say, feeling;as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny • shapes and inex" plicable events, which somehow influenced me strangely. „ ; • . ' Let us make another search,' arid 1, after a pause. 1 i\ This time it was made with cybh more thoroughness than it had been before, the different parts of the vessel being examined si-rulta neously. The result, however, was tha earns as before, as alter two hours had been consumed, in the fruitless search for the Hindoo, the chief officer sought me out again. ' It is useless,' he said;' tha fellowisnot aboard this sliip-J. am certain_of-that.' _ ^ ^ How, then, do you account for the steward'i story ?' 1 asked. Superstition and imagination,' he replied; and he turned away to attend to his duties. When 1 went down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitions dread and sceptical doubt in my mind.: 1 could not shake off the feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, and caught jmyself . looting earnestly into dark corners and obscure places, half expecting to see him silently and complacently regarding me with that peculiarly satisfie d smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon his swarthy face. 1 even went so far as tojull fwide the curtains and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming^£d kindly eyes looking at me from among the life-preservers. ; • Thus the time wore away. Twica the steward reported that articles were missing from his pantry, but the chief officer charged -the fact to the man's superstitious terror, saying sententijusly, ' now that Clark had seen one ghost, he would be troubled with them all his life.' r , We made port at Liverpool soon after daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at the earliest moment when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly 1 was aroased byalondrapon my door just as darkness was fleeing islore the advance of the sun. • "i 1 arose and rubbed my eyes preparatory to dies- Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where it hung on its hook against the bulkhead? It was no fancy, but fact, and 1 sazed.the frag- ment of paper with trembling hands, and as 1 read a strange, creeping sensation tingled through my nervous system. There was au evidence of the .presence of Simrha, for there could ba no doubt that it was he •who intended to act as the mysterious friend who was to give mo timely warningbf any approaching danger. The note was written in the Hlnilustani language, ana was as follows: 'Do not stop iniondon. .Gt>immediately to Dover and then across the ^Channel to France, When you reach Calais you wJU iiear from Nurha again.' I hesitated. Now ttas tli 3 tirno forme to i&cide; .whether or "not I should follow tiie fldviee teas given me, for if 1 followed it at all, it must be to dojso implicitly in blind confidence and oVjdiijraic. How had the note been placed in my room white I slept? Was Simrha .really alive and aboard the ship ? 14„§o, ha mast indeed ba adroit to successfully evade tin men^who had searched foT him so diligently through every part of the vessel. ' ' It was evident that 1 could not avoid hiin. Why, then, attempt it ? If he were indeed my friend, 1 jelt that my mission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not escape this strange man ' I will obey !' 1 said aloud; and then I sprang hurriedly around, for a voice behind me had re plied almost instantly: ' Narha thanks you.' ' Who spoke?'1 cried; bat no one answered. A careful search satisfied me that 1 waB alone. '1 am bsset with devils—or angels,'. I muttered, ' or else 1 am going mad.' 3Iy toilet was completed in the utmost haste and I left the ship without delay, making my way as rapidly as I could to Dover, and thence across the Channel to Calais. Nothing'occurred worth remark during the tithe thus employed, and I resolved to. remain in the quaint old French town a fewdaysfor rest and to recover my mental equilibrium, which 1 felt was rather awry since the nighi wheni l liad completed my bargain with~jfh6n&ffRth; Prime and Hurley, or with Iheir ! At all events, I had completed the lirg^i i- S With whom of -Si^ffcaijlnigain Ji ^i 1 l • > . had really j , been completed » could .JiSfl w^gpong iU st- 'm now. It was orning of the » 5Be Costkced -3 