. HE RODE TO WIK. ' ; " 1 did not know you had so much poetry in your composition," observed Mrs. Anstruther languidly. Leila Marsden arranged the delicate lace at her wrist with ail air of abstrac tion. " He is very good looking, and he rides splendidly," she said, " and he — er — lie does love me to distraction, you know." 1 " As many others probably will do before your time is over, my dear ; but that has - nothing to do with the case. You must get married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, He'll get over it in time ; thoy always do. You are surely not going to trouble your silly little head about nun i Miss Marsden rose and walked across the room to the verandah. "I'll think about it," she said, half turning in the ' doorway to glance back nt her sister. I'll think about it, and I'll make up my mind this evening. There ! I can't promise more than that, can I, Rose?- You are satisfied, aren't you?" . " Yes, I am satisfied," replied Mrs. Anstruther ; and as she dozed through the long afternoon that followed she ' allowed her sister to figure very pro minently in her dreams as the wife of Major Temple Arburton of the — Hussars, and future baronet. <: Sizirabad is ..famous for its pretty girls; but prettiest and most striking of all was Leila Marsden at the race ball that night. " Race ball" is, per haps, too big a term to be properly ap plied to it ; but the arrival of a couple of regiments on the way to tho fron tier had stirred up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the week, the race > ball intervening. " You'll come down to see the finish to-morrow, . Miss Marsden?" asked Tommy Campbell, the wit of Sizirabad, as he strolled up to Leila that evening and askod iter for a dance. " There's the cup race coming off, you know, and the ladies' handi cap, and the race Willoughby rides to win — the one with the lady as prize." ' " What do you mean ?" asked Leila, laughing. " He means the ladies' prize race," said Major Arburton, standing close behind her, and glowering at Campbell over her shoulder, "And is Mr. Willoughby quite likely to ivin it?" asked Leila, some what indifferently. "The betting is all on him ; but he's got a ticklish mount, and I don't like that left-hand corner of the course. With a pulling horse, and a vicious brute into the bargain, you stand a rare chance of jumping the hedge and disappearing down the precipice. Can't imagine why they don't arrange things' better in this outlandish land ; but then I never have seen tho ad vantages of India. Beg your pardon, Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun." And . he disappeared among the dancers with a ' comical look on . his face, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. How odd he is!" she said. "'"By the way, what horse is Mr. Willoughby going to ride to-morrow in the ladies' race?" " One of mine — Mazeppa. You seem to take a great interest in that fellow Willoughby," jealously. " Not at all. He is rather a friend of my sister's," replied Leila, care lessly! "Are not you going to ride in this interesting race, Major Arbur ton ?" " If you wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it." (Doubt fully-) The mixed, sentiment jarred on Leila; but he was rich, in a good regimept, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that he was far beyond 30, and no longer so slim as he had been ? It was a good match for a penniless girl, and she had no choice ; and so, long, before the evening was over, people were whispering together concerning Miss Marsden and Major Arburton, and a report flew about that he had proposed and been accepted. The truth ,or otherwise of such statements was . not to ho read on Leila's face. To all outward observ ance she was as calm and haughty and beautiful as ever. None knew that she looked at her programmo over and over again to make surothat there was- no mistake, and that the initials ,'C. 0. W. " scrawled against the fifteenth valse made her await that dance with a sickening heart. It came at last. The band struck up the strains of a well-known valse, the room began to fill, and presently .Leila Marsden, with paler cheeks than usual and a strange beating of the heart, was floating round with Charlie Willoughby as partner. " Shall we sit the rest out?" he asked, when they paused at length. Leila bent her -head in assent, and they passed out of the room on to the long, low verandah, somewhat to tho dismay of her sister, who had watched them eagerly while together. Tho moonlight threw tho girl's pale face and tall slight figure into strong relief against the dark verandah background. Charley Willoughby leaned against a pillar overrun with creeper and looked at her fixedly. He made no excuso for himself, nor did he break the silence between them. His eyes searched her face as though lie would read there what lie dared not trust himself to hear. Presently Leila spoke. Her voice sounded faint and far away even to herself. " I hear," she said pleadingly, "that you are going to ride a very vicious horse to-inorrow in the ladies' prize race. Please don't ride it ; please do not." " And I hear that you are engaged to marry Major Arburton" (without the slightest reference to her appeal.) .?lsrtljat true, "Leila/ of. is it not ?" \ Slie looked dowii and traced a little pattern on the stone floor with her foot. " Is it true or is it not ?" he repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to his, and saw there the passion which trembled in his voice. " Don't be angry ; oh, do not ! " slio cried, putting up her hand with a deprecating gesture ; " they have made me do it. ' I am a burden to my sister, you' know ; and I couldn't stand it any longer ; and he is not so bad ; but I love you the best ! You know it ; only I — I — I am so miserable ! " " Doubtless," he said gravely, never for an instant removing his oyes from the fair piteous face ; " so am I — very miserable ; so have I been for the past month ; but my misery doesn't seem to touch you much. So you are going to marry this Crcesus, this elderly future baronet, and throw me over, quite, 'are you, Leila ? " She twisted and untwisted her hands nervously, but made no renlv. ' And you are good enough to take sufficient interest in me to wish me not to break' my neck to-morrow ? " She was still silent. ".Very good. Then listen to . me. I ride to-morrow, and I ride to win, and you are to be the prize. Yes, you — do not look so startled — 1you. I ride to win, or I ride to . Never mind that part of the business. If I win I shall consider you mine in spite of all the Major Arburtons in the world. If not — do you understand the alter native, Leila ?" She bent her head. Could she avoid understanding it 1 "It. lies with you," he went . on steadily, "You know my horse, .you know the racecourse, you know me. If to-morrow before starting you bid me ride to win, very good ; if not . The music has begun again. Shall I take you back to your elderly future baronet ?" "My dear Leila, what nonsense," cried Mrs. Anstruther. "Rub your cheeks, child, and drink this wine. You look as white as a ghost, and about as un happy. Not go to the races ! You will have everyone saying it is all off again just as it is ail on. It is too aggravating of you, really." : It was tho day following the ball. Leila, in her sister's room, was utterly refusing to accompany her to the race course, and equally positive in. her refusal to see Major Arburton. " I know what it is," Mrs. Ans truther went on angrily ; " that boy lias been talking nonsense to you. It was too foolish of you to give him a dance last night. If I had known of it I should have taken you home, most certainly," " He did not talk nonsense, and he is not foolish, nor is he a boy," cried Leila vehemently ; and then she gave way and relapsed into copious weep ing. "At any rate he is only a sub lieutenant, and cannot possibly have more than five hundred a year. And what is more, he doesn't mean it seriously witli you. If you throw over. Major Arbux-ton now you will be throwing him over for a mere shadow. Everybody knows what a flirt Charlie Willoughby is. He makes love to every girl lie meets." "That isn't true !" exclaimed Leila, with an effort at drying her tears. " H'm 1 How about Fanny Hope and one or two others I could mention?" Silence. "And how about his debts?" Silence. "And his gam bling — and that actress, and " Leila sprang to her feet. " I v on't listen any more !" she cried. " I do care for him, and I hate Major Arbur ton, and I won't inarry him, and I will not go to the races to-day." Mrs. Anstruther grew pale. She felt her last chance was going. "Then I shalL have to remind you," she said, firmly, " that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters ail their lives. I did my best for Nell, and I am doing my best for you. You seom to- forget that I have children of my own to be brought up. I counted on your marrying as soon us possible. I did not count on your throwing up a rea sonable chance." It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then she moved to tho -door. "I will go with you," she said, scarcely above a whisper. .. The ladies' prize race was the next on tho programme. Considerable ex citement prevailed among the fair sex as to who would win it. Leila alone sat calm and unmoved among tho spectators. She did not seem to hear or see anything, till suddenly there was a little stir and a bustle, and murmurs of "Of course he'll win ;" " He's sure of the race " I feel inclined to congratulate you already, Mr. Willoughby ; you look so like winning," &c.; The hero of the race took little notice of such like remarks. He made his way to Leila and bent low over her. " Which is it to bo ?" he asked. For an instant earth and sky reeled round her, then her brain cleared and she saw- his face, resolute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one in-, stant, then she spoke : " Ride to win." The words were so low he could scarcely hear them, but when he turned away there was a smile in his eyes. The horses 'and their riders were drawn up in a line. Leila strained her eyos to watch every movement of black and white,' Mr. Willoughby's colors. Mazeppa fidgeted and caught at the bit. There .was some little delay, then the flag was dropped. They were off. At first breathless silence, then growing excitement. The course was a small one, and the race was to bo run twice round. Major Arburton, who had not taken part in it, uttered a "Thank God 1" as Mazeppa passed the dangerous corner in safety for the first limp. "Blue's to the front; no, yellow's pushing up ; no, that's Meldon. Stick to it, Meldon. Willoughby's passed liim. By Jove 1 he's got his work cut out for him . with that horse. Now they're neck and neck. .Good . race. No. Willoughby's; gaining ; no, Mel don ; no — by heavens 1 " A scream from one of tho ladies, a general consternation in the grand stand, a sudden cessation of interest in the race. Charlie Willoughby rode to win, but the Providence ho had dared revenged itself on him. Mazeppa had forced the bit between his teeth, shied away from the course, and, leaping the frail protection of a hedge which sepa rated it from the side of a hill, had disappeared with his rider. " It was a narrow shave and no mis take," said Charlie Willoughby, going over the story for the hundredth time with his wife the second month of their marriage. " But the best part of it all was that when I knelt down beside you and would not leave you," laughed Leila.' "I shall never forget Major Arburton's face, nor his words next day when he told me all was over be tween us, and that the best thing I could do, after having made such an exhibition of myself, was to marry 'that young puppy.' " "No," said her- husband tenderly; "the best part of it all was that I rode to win, and that I did win — what I most wanted — my wife." 