A PAINFUL EXPERIENCE. Some few years ago I wont by myself for a short tour on the Continent. I am, and always have been, a keen traveller, and take great pleasure in studying, by personal observation, the peoples and manners of other countries. To do so thoroughly one has to mix, as far as possible, with all classes, and that, too, in the various phrases of their existence. So that while I did not neglect the theatres, the cafes, and other places of amusement, made myself familiar likewise with the churches, the hospitals, and especially the poorer quarters—or slums, as we call them in England—of the cities which I visited. Among the miserable, poverty-stricken people who inhabited these places I soon made myself friends, for I am a doctor— although independent of my profession— and my medical skill was able to bring relief to many a poor sufferer. _Indeed, while I was in the large city of X (I withhold, for good reasons, not only its name, but even that of the country in which it is situated), where a regular epidemic of typhus was raging, I spent nearly half every day in tending victims of the disease among the poor. Whilst so engaged, I was naturally brought into contact with others who came upon the same errand. These were, for the most part, women who showed by their distinctive garbs that they were members of various religious orders. But now and then, at the bedside of the sick, I met some female " Good Samaritan" whose dress did not so distinguish her. And it is to one of these especially that I wish to invite my readers' attention. She was an elderly woman, probably close on sixty, and her grave, sad face was lined with many a mark of care and sorrow. Nor, so far as one might judge, was this sorrow confined to the past, for there was something about her expression suggestive of a great and secret trouble weighing upoc her etill. Although we often met, our conversation was of the slightest. Indeed, except to ask an occasional question about a patient's treatment, or to invoke the Almighty's blessing on my head for my kindness to the sick, she scarcely ever opened her mouth in my presence. Yet more than once I caught her regarding me with a half-eager, half-hesitating look, which gave me the impression that she was trying to make up her mind to consult me on some matter of personal importance to herself. I was not mistaken in my impression. One evening, when we both met at a sick woman's bedside, she followed me out into the street, and just as I was turning away, laid her hand upon my aim. " Sir," she said hurriedly, in her native tongue, with which I was well acquainted, " You are an Englishman, a stranger to this place, are you not ?" I replied in the affirmative. " I have to request a great favor of you," she went on. "It is, that you will come and visit a sick person who is lying prostrate at the—the" (she hesitated perceptibly) " the—house from which I come." I at once acceded to her request, expressing my willingness to accompany her thither at once, if she so desired. "Thank you, with all my heart," she murmured. "But" (looking round her through the gloom, as though she were afraid of observation) " before you come, promise, I entreat, one thing—that you will tell no one of your visit, nor of—of— anything you may see in the house.'' I readily gave the promise, adding that it was a point of honor with us doctors to hold sacred anything that we might learn in the exercise of our professional functions. She thanked me again in a few murmured words ; then asked me to follow her immediately. I did so, observing, as we hurried through the dark, ill-lighted streets, that she kept glancing nervously about her, as if afraid of being seen in my company. " Evidently," I reflected, " there is some strange secret here. In a few minutes, suppose, I shall gain an inkling of its nature." After traversing several main thoroughfares, we turned down a narrow, lonely street, and stopped before a large sombre house of grey stone. My companion quickly opened the outer door with a key which she carried at her side, and ushered me in. Having carefully shut and fastened the door behind us, Bhe taid to me in a whisper, " Will you come this way, please ?" I followed her for some distance along a dark, draughty passage, and into a small room which led out of it, on the righthand side. The sight which there met my eyes is vividly before mo now. Upon a cruellynarrow bed, which seemed to be almost the only furniture in this meagre, comfortless cell, lay a young girl. Her thick black hair, strewed in wild profusion on the pillow, made a fitting frame to a strangely beautiful face—beautiful after that darkeyed, dark-complexioned type, which has its growth under southern skies. I watched her for a moment with deep admiration; but that feeling was quickly succeeded by one of great pain and pity. For it scarcely needed a doctor's eye to see that the warm color which flushed her olive cheek was the hue of fever—that the brightness which lit up her splendid eyes was only the brightness of delirium. I went near and examined her, my companion watching mo while I did so with half anxious, half frightened glances. What my examination told me only increased my sadness and pity for the beautiful young creature (so young that she could hardly have numbered seventeen summers), for her illness was one of the most painful and deadly to which women are liable—puerperal fever. Nor was her immediate sickness all that roused my pity. What of itu antecedent cause 1 Did not her presence in this place, the evident secrecy, with which she was surrounded, the utter absence of friends or attendants, did not all these, I thought, point to some sad, sad, story of wrong and shame—to a gallant's vows, a young girl's trustful frailty, and her wild despair on finding herself abandoned and betrayed 1 Turning to the woman, I asked gravely, " How long ago was her child born T I do not know whether Bhe had fondly imagined that I should not detect the origin of the illness. At any rate, my question seemed to take her rather aback, and she replied, not without confusion, " About ten days !" " What has become of it ?" was my next inquiry. She averted her eyes from mine, which were turned full upon her, and murmured, in distressed tones, tho one monsyllable— "Dead 1" A quick suspicion flashed across me—- such a suspicion, I suppose, as would have flashed across nine men out of ten under the circumstances. Had there been foul play at work ? The idea caused me to address my next remark to her with decided sternness. " If," I said, glancing round the bare, miserable cell, " you took no more trouble to keep the baby alive than you have done to find its poor mother in the most necessary comforts, I do not wonder that it died." "Oh,sir," she protested, "this is as comfortable a chamber as any in the hospital, and " "Hospital?" I interrupted her. "Do you call a place where they treat their sick like this a hospital ?" " It is called so," she replied, averting her eyes in confusion from my indignant gaze; and then she added, " It i6 for the reception of young girls—the daughters of respectable parents—who have fallen into sin; in order that their shame may be hidden from the world, and not bring public disgrace upon their families." " Are you then the head of this establishment V I inquired. " Nay," she replied, " I am only a subordinate. The Chief Superintendent is away, else I should never have ventured to summon you hither." " What!" I cried, indignantly, " has this poor child been visited by no doctor— not even at the time of her confinement V' rtNo," she answered in a low voice, "it was not thought necessary. We nurses are used to tending women under such conditions. Besides, the Archduke gave especial orders that her shame was to be discovered to no one outside the hospital.'" " The Archduke i" I exclaimed. " Do you mean the Archduke P i" She nodded an affirmative. "What had he to do with her?" I asked, indicating the sick girl by a gesture. As I asked this question, I noticed that the confusion and uneasiness which had characterised the woman's demeanour throughout made themselves still more apparent on her face. " He is ber guardian," she replied. " Both her parents are long since dead." " 'Twas he, then, sent her to this place 1" I said. " Yes," was her answer—" three months ago, when ho found out that she had—had committed a great sin. It wai partly, as I have said, to hido her shame from the world ; partly, also, to punish her for her frailty." " He was aware," I demanded, " how she would be treated here 1—without medi cal advice in her delicate and daugerous cjndition? Deprived of even the barest comforts which are used to alleviate sickness !" " The Archduke is a holy man—an ascetic," she answered, "and he desired that bis ward should do penance for her great gin . . . . But, oh, sir" (clasping her hands and speaking with a sadden burst of feeling), " do not look at me with such indignation, such contempt, as though you thought me cruel and unfeeling. I cannot help the part I undertake in this hospital .—I cannot really. I am at the mercy of higher powers, whom I dare not disobey . . . . Oh, it has gone to my heart to Bee that poor child growing so terribly worse. And at last I could bear it no longer. She should not, I vowed, die without help. And so I summoned you, as being an utter stranger to the town. But you do not know what a risk I have incurred thereby." In spite of my indignation at the treatment accorded to the unhappy young mother, I could not help feeling very sorry for this woman. I had no doubt that what she said was quite true—namely, that she was the helpless agent of some higher authority. And being acquainted, as I was, with the arbitrary nature of the Government under which she lived, I could not wonder at her fearing to disobey. I knew that the Archduke P was a man Of extraordinary power and influence, especially in X , where most of his property was situated; and that he had acquired a great reputation for severe morality of life. This latter circumstance helped, perhaps, to explain his atrocious cruelty to his ward—suggesting him to be a sort of purity fanitic who .believed that no punishment was bad enough for the breach of his favorite commandment, and who, unfortunately, had the power to put liis belief into practical effect. At this minute, the unhappy sufferer, who hitherto had been quiet, save for a few restless tossings, began to mutter something in the rambling, indistinct tones of delirium. A sudden expression of anxiety—nay, of terror—appeared upon my companion's face. She hastened to the sick girl's bedside, and tried to soothe her into silence; then turning to me said, with hurried confusion :— " Sir, you have finished your examination of the patient. If you will leave orders or prescriptions for her treatment, I will see that they are carried out. Do not think me ungrateful. Indeed, I thank yon with all my heart for coming. But I am disobeying commands by having you here, abd—and—it is well that you should not lemain. longer." I saw at once by her demeanour that there must be something else in the back ground which she had not told me, and which she was terribly afraid lest the patient should disclose in the course of her delirious ravings. This secret instantly determined to find out. And, looking her firmly in the face, I answered, firmly :— " Do not think I am deceived in your motives for wishing me to withdraw There is some further secret—doubtless of a jet more shameful nature—connected with yon poor child's treatment. And you are afraid lest her ravings should reveal it to me." She made no attempt to deny the truth of my words; but only continued imploring me to depart. But when she saw my mind was resolutely made up to stay, she desisted, and covering her face with her hands, uttered a groan of helpless dismay. I went close to the bedside, and leaned over the sufferer, to catch what words I could of her muttered ramblings. Good heavens! How marvellously beautiful the poor child was! How could any one have had the heart to treat her with such cruelty! Her utterances were incoherent and in' distinct. Some I could scarcely hear at all, and others only imperfectly. But was able to gather enough—ay, more than enough—from them to understand the hideous, the shameful truth. To imprison her in this building was not the only wrong her guardian had done her. He—he himself, and no other—had been the author of her fall! I was overcome with indignation and horror as I grasped the truth, and it was Bome minutes before I could say e word. At length, however, I partly recovered myself, and turning to the woman, who now stood regarding me with a face as white as a ghost's, I said sternly :— " The reason which made the Archduke so anxious to hide his ward's shame in this asylum is now revealed, and he shall Boon U exposed before the world," " Oh, sir," she protested, quickly gazing at mo with terrified eyes, " what are you saying? The noble Archduke is a good and holy man. And these are only the mad utterances of a raving girl " " Mad or not," I interrupted, " I am convinced of their truth. And so, I am sure, by your demeanour, are you yourself. This * goed and holy mat.' has not only taken advantage of that poor girl's position as his ward, and of her childish innocense, to do her a deadly wrong, but he has sought to escape the consequences by practically attempting (and I fear too successfully) to—to do away with her." " I do not know," I went on, " how far the laws of this benighted country can touch the pious Archduke. But I do know that the laws of human feeling are the same in all countries, and to them, even here, I am sure I shall appeal with success." "But, sir," she implored, laying an exciting hand upon my arm, " consider— pray consider—what you are about to do. The Archduke is a man of vast power, influence, and wealth. No one will credit what you say against him, and the only result of your action will be that you will fall into serious trouble yourself, and will bring ruin—irremediable ruin—upon me. Besides," she added, beseechingly, "remember your promise." Righteously indignant though I was, I was not so blinded by my feelings as to fail to see that there was much reason in the nurse's words. I knew that she had hardly exaggerated the Archduke's enormous authority in X , and could see that to make a hasty and ill-considered attack on the character of so great a personage might only result in defeating the very object for which the attack was made. Besides this, she certainly had my promise of sccrecy; and though, under such circumstances, the binding nature of the promise might well be doubted, still I was very loth to bring ruin upon the poor creature, when it was through her kindness to the sufferer that the case had come to my knowledge at all. It ended, then, in my giving her a reluctant pledge to take no further steps in the matter until, at least, I had consulted her. And so I departed, leaving her my address, in case she wished to snmmon me again, and likewise directions for the poor sufferer's treatment, though I sadly feared that the latter was already past the help of medical skill. All that night I could not sleep for thinking, with hot indignation, of the diabolical cruelty which had been perpetrated on the innocent, beautiful girl. The more brooded over it, the more my spirit burned within me, and I fretted bitterly against the miserable obstacles which stood in the way ot bringing the Archduke to justice. Nemesis, however, was nearer at hand than I supposed. The following morning, while I was yet at breakfast, a note was brought in to me, marked " Immediate." Hastily opening it, I found that it was from the nurse. Its brief coutents ran thus : " For God's sake, sir, come here at once.—MARIE Z ." I started off, without a moment's delay, in compliance with the summons, supposing that my patient had grown alarmingly worse. I soon reached the hospital, and rang the bell. The nurse herself admitted me, with a terribly scared and agitated look upon her white face. "What is the matter?" I enquired. " Has the poor girl " " Oh, Bir," she interposed, in quick, trembling tones, "It is not her I summoned you to see. She is already beyond the need of human help. It is the—the Lord Archduke." " The Lord Archduke," I ejaculated, in amazement. " Yes," she said, " I sent for you because you alone know anything about this sad affair. And I desired to keep it entirely from the ears of others. The Lord Archduke is here. He is in a sort of swoon, and —and " (with increased agitation), are not sure that " She broke off, without finishing her sentence. But I could gather well enough from her demeanour what she had meant to say. " Take me to him," I said, promptly, She at once led me through the long passage to the chamber where I had seen my unhappy patient over night. "On entering it, I saw the figure of a man halfsitting, half- reclining on the floor, his stooping shoulders propped against the side of the low and narrow bedstead. One look at his dull, glassy eyes, his bowed head, his dropped jaw, was enough to tell me the truth. But I approached him, and, kneel wg by bis eido, made a brief, formal ex amination. Then I looked up at my companion, who stood regarding me with an expression of mingled anxiety and awe. "He is dead," I said, quietly. She wrung her hands, a^d gave a little moan, but did not seem especially surprised or startled. Indeed, I think she really knew the worst before I told hei. « How did it happen V I asked her, after a long pause, during which I had been looking from the dead man's rigid, forbidding face to that of the beautiful girl who lay still upon the bed, now at rest from all misery and suffering. And in solemn, awe-struck tones, Marie Z made the following statement:— "After raving deliriously the whole night through, the poor girl there recovered consciousness this morning—early. She know that she was dying fast, and she implored me, in faint and labored accents, to do her one last favor. This was to go to the Archduke's house and beg him to come and see her at once. I went, for I could not resist her dying entreaty ; though I felt sure that his Highness would be angry, and refuse the request. " He was angry at mv presumption, as he called it, and first of all vowed that he would not come. In a minute, however, he changed his mind, and said—not readily, but like one who is irresistibly im- pelled against his will—that he would accompany me back. "He did. We reached the hospital, and, conducting him to the poor child's room, I opened the door and ushered him in. " Then a strange—an awful thing happened. Oh, my God ! it will haunt me till I die 1 (She covered her face with her hands, and was too much overcome to speak for several minutes; but at length 6he recovered and went on.) As the Lord Archduke entered, and stood before her, the dying girl, hhherto too weak to raise her head from the pillow, sprang up in bed and pointed at him with one of her wasted hands. Her eyes flashed wildly, a flood of color rushed to her ghastly cheekn, and she cried in fierce, Tinging tones, which struck on the ear like the voice of an avenging I am going—I am going : but not alone. NoI you are coming with me, to answer for my sin before the Great Judge 1' "Then she sank back lifeless, and—and —almost before I knew what was happiening, the Lord Archduke had fallen heavily to the floor!" Such was Marie Z 's statement. Perhaps her horrified imagination may Lave led her unconsciously to color and exaggerate the facts a little. But I have no doubt that they were, in the main, juBt as she had related them. The exact circumstances which attended the Archduke's death r were never made public. Indeed, I believe that I am the only person outside the hospital who really knows them. And, having no deBire to war with a dead man, or to cause pain to the innocent kinsfolk who survive him, have purposely told this tale with such misleading details of name, locality, and date, as to make discovery by my readers a matter of impossibility. I may add that the other doctors who, apprised only of the fact that his Highness had died suddenly, made a fiost-morte examination, discovered in the caus#of his death some long-standing affection of the heart. I have no doubt that they were right. But whether they were or were not is a matter of indifference to me. I know that divine vengeance struck him down ; with what weapon I do not care to enquire.— Truth. 