A VOICE: FROM THE APOSTOLIC OBUBOH OF ROME TO THE MODERN PAPAL ; CHURCH OF \- ! ROME. Roman Cathclio Bbethben, cWe' addretB yon earneetly and afcectiOD- attly, becaase we believe that yea are in efror; arid we think that we ran point ont to yon a more excellent way. We entreat yonr natunt attention : and if when von examine oWf worde in the light of the Holy Scriptarea, yon find them to be true, we beseeoh yon not to clbee yonr eara; and hearts against .the reception.oftbe truth ; but, on the other hand, if, our words are not in accordance with God's holy word, yon will act wisely in. rejecting them. : <>If we have not wholly misnnderstood the laugnage of the New Testament, the way to salvation consists in repentance towards God and 'faith in our Lord Jesus Christ ; and this is' a holy system of religion ; first, because it implies a change of mind and heart from sin td GudV Which is the true meaning of the Greek, word which is our versions of the Sbripitures is translated "repentance," and in your version of the Scriptures is called "'penance secoiidly, because it brings the sinner iiito intimatia communion with our all holy Saviour and reconciles him to God ; and, thirdly,.. because through the love of God, whichiis shed abroad in tbe beart of every penitent and true believer by the Holy Spirit, a-new and hold nature is implanted in him, and he thus becomes a new creature in Christ ' Jesus; For love' to God and Christ is the rhainspriiig of Christian obedience ; and love is a holy 'nature ; for "God is love andthe' fai'h which worbeth by love is tbe new creation within the believer, for the apostle Panl is bis Epistle to the Galatians, v. 6, says, "For , in Christ Jesus neither circumcision ayailetib, anything nor uncircumcision, but faith iwbicb worheth by love," and again, vi. 15, hFor in Christ Jesus neither circumcision ayaileth anything nor uncircumcision, . but a new creature." It is. evident, therefore, that it is the faith which worketh by love, which cdnstitntes the new nature ; that faith which believing in the unutterable love of God the Father, and of Christ Jesus filleth the heart of the 'believer with love, and writes upon it the great precept of the royal law of God, " thou shalt love the Lord they God with all thy hea'rtl and with all thy mind, and with all thy soul, and with all thy rtrengtb." iReforis . we proceed further it will be advis. able to call to mind a few fundamental truths. In the first place it is recorded in holy writ that man is by nature utterly lost ; secondly, that if he accepts tbe gracious invitation of the. gospel and believes in Christ as. his Redeemer, be is completely saved ; and thirdly, that : the jnstified'and the saved by faiih in Christ receiv - the gift of the Holy Spirit, and the spirit of sonsbip whereby they are'fiUed for -heaven. In support of these fundamental doctrines we shall bring forward a'f ew t- xts from the New Testament. Among whom, also, we all had our con- ver'saiibn in tiines past in the lusts of our fiesb, ,ful5liing the desires of tbe fiesh and of tbe' mmd, and were by nature the children of wrath, .eye n . as others.." (Eph. ii. 3.) .;?)'(I,kept;back nothing that was profitable unt/ you but have shewed you; and taught youii publicly, and from house to house, testifying, both to the Jews, and also to tbe Greeks I repentance towards God, and faith towards our Lord Jesus Christ." (Actxx. 21.) '." For all' have sinned and come short of the glory of God, being justified freely by bis grace ' through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus ! " (Rom. v. 24.) " And hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in bur hearts by .the Hi ly Ghost which is giyen unto us." (Ri'i'rn..v. 5.) ''.As mBny as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God." (Rom. viii. 14.) -ii' And such were some of you ; but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justi- fiediini the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the spirit of our God." (lCor.vi. il.) "'I If ye live after the fiesh, ye shall die ; but'if ye,'through the spirit, do mortify the dl-Vds of tie body, ye shall live." (Rom. viii. 'j And now, dear Roman Catholic Brethren, We'ihyite you to receive and embiace the good' old faith of the apostolic Church of Roine,.. . You are doubtless, avvare that tbe apostlorPanl wrote an inspired letter to the church, of Rome, .for the edifioation and improvement of that church. In the firat , eight, chapters of that epistle the scheme of salvation is fully. set forth. Tbe precionsand allidmportant truth which the apostle Panl proclaims in the first chapter of thia epistle is'' that' the gospel of Christ " is tbe power of God unto salvation to every onethat believeth, for therein istherigbteousnesB of God revealed frbni;faith to faith, as it is written, tbe jnst sjialliive . by' faith." (Rom. i. 16, 17.) The apostle proceeds to prove this fundamental rfdo'fri'he, by shewing first that all mankind are lost sinners, aud . secondly that all who believe are fully justified and saved by Christ. Inr.the first chapter St. Paul describes the wickednees and idolatry of the heathen world. This was a state of things which hisponntry. men the Jews were ready to acknowledge. But in the second chapter St. Panl tnrns to the 'Jews,' and proves that they were under the condemnation of God equally with the Gintilee. ''This was ndost nnwdcome to the Jbws ; but the apostle faithfully discharged his office as a Obristain preacher, and com- ba\ted their' prejudices. He declared that God had promised eternal life, to all who by \- patient continnance in well doing sought life shd " iihinbrtalily, and that this promise extwded-to Gentile as well as Jew ; so that if ihe Gentile, following the light of his conscience, had perfectly obeyed the law of Moses. But, on the other, hand, he affirmed that if the Jew disobeyed the law, be not- witbstsndiug bis ciTcnmcisioh' would be oou' demnediaswell as the un circumcised Gentile; and then be broadly asserted, in language which none can mistake, that no one, either Jew or Gentile; had by bie perfect obedience merited eternal life, but that all ' were nn- rigbteons ; and ' having thus exhibited the whole world as lost tlirongh sin, he held forth the glorious gospel as the power of God unto salvation unto every one who believeth. It is impossible to conceive -words clearer or more ccmprehensiye than- those which the apostle uses npon this subject. "We have. before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all nnder ein, aa.it is written, there is none righteons no, not. one ; there is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God." (Rom. iii. 9, 10, 11.) "Now we know that what things soever tbe law saith, it saith to them who are nnder the law. ' that every month may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God." (Rom. iii. 19.) Having thbs proclaimed fearlesBly and unhesitatingly to His fellbwmen their mined state by nature, he preached to them the glorions gospel, and unfolded to them the " nnsearchable riches of Christ." " But now the rigbteonsness of God witbont the law is manifested, being witnesaed by the law and the prophets ; even the rigbteonsness of God, which is by faith of Jeans Christ unto all and npon all tbem that believej for there is no diffierence, for all have sinned and' ooine abort of the glory of God, being justified freely by bis grace though tbe redemption that is in Chriat Jesus, who God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God, to declare, I say, at this time bis rigbteonBaeBS, that he might be just and tbe justifier of bim who believeth in Jesns." (Rom. iii. 21 to 26.) — again— (Bom. v. 1.) " Therefore being justified by faith we have peace with God, though our Lord: Jesus Christ, by whom also we have access by faith unto this grace wherein we : stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory bf God.' Now, dear Roman Catholic Brethren, we request yon to observe that the blessed doctrine of salvation by the free grace of God was. abused in the days of the apostld Paiil, just as it is abused at the present day by false professors, who turn the grace of God into licentiousness, and pretend that the more a man sina, provided only he professes to believe in Christ, the more will grace abound in the forgiveness of his sins. This grievons error, as yon will perceive, If yon tnrn to the sixth chapter of. the Epistle to tbe Bnmans, the apostle most severely denonnced and p. oved it to be utterly irreconcilable with a trne faith. Fcr the sinner, who by a living faith in Christ has been reconciled to Goa and apiritnally united to Christ as his Lord and head, is said to be risen with Christ, and to have buried his old nature ; and of this spiritual change of heart, bapiism by immersion was the type ; tbe dipping beneath the water signifying the death unto sin, and the rising out of the Mater, signifying the new birth unto rigbteonsness. The Gospel is the instrnment wh.ch the Holy Spirit uses in order to work this change in the ; human heart. For the afiections of tbe heart must be won by kindness ; and it is a lively perception of the unnlterable love of God in Christ which slays the enmity of the heart and brings the sinner to Christ as his Saviour, and to God as bis reconciled Father in Christ. The love of God, which is shed abroad in the beart of every trne believer, implants in him a new and holy will, and constitutes tbe main spring of his obedience and holy walk. To pfettiid that a true believer ought to continne in sin that grace naay abound, is to pervert the great end of gospel. It implies that a man can at the same time glorify God and tbe . child of the devil. . Houce the Aposlle proceeds to shew, that, as tbie object of grace is to bring the lost sinner to Christ, and throngh Christ to the everlasting Father for pardon and justification ; so the object of grace after the sinner is justified. Is to enable bim to overcome sin and to glorify the grace of, God by a holy life, and that the more grace abounds in the heatt of the trne believer the more he will abound in tbefrnits of rigbteons ness to tbb praise, not of himself, but of God. And tbe apostle Panl shewe tbe constantneed to the believer, of tbe sanctifying grace of God, by declaring bis own experience of the inability and powerleseness of the regenerate believer to overcome indwelling .sin by his own strength. He spea of himself in three ; different atates, first, when not duly appreciat ing the spiritnulity of the law of God he fancied that be was alive (Rom. vii. 9)1 ."For I was alive without the law once ; " secondly, be goes on to describe' himself when he perceived the ' spiritnality of the law of God - and strove to obey it, bnt as tbe command- cment was only a letter and conld.not change the heart, which is the office of the Holy Spirit) 'the law sle-w him, arid'was tAhini as it is termed, elsewhere,- " the mlhistratton of death." ) (2. Cor. iii. 7.) " But when the commandment came, sin revived , and 1 died." (Rom.! vii, -9.): Thirdly, the aposlle porirtrays his state when he , was a new creature and delighted in! the law after the inner. man, and he states that tbe power of indwelling sin was even then too etrong for him, and brought him into captivity, nntil be was strengthened by the divine grace imparted to bim by God, and he obtained the victory throngh Jesns Christ. " For I delight in the law of God after the inward man, bnt 1 see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin, which is in nay members. .0 wretched man that I am 1 I thank God throngh Jesns Cbrist pur Lord.". .(Rom) yii, 24.) . Thhs St. Pan! makes it evident that from the insUnt that a sinner is justified by faith in Christ, . and adopted as a ohild of God, anew province of grace is opened to him. He is now to be sanctified by the. Holy Spinf, he is tb grow in grace from infancy to manhood, and throngh grace he is to war against sin and Satao, and eventually to trinmph over them. ' He enters' upon a system, of education which is to fit him for heaven ; by the Holy Spirit divine graces are implanted in him, sin is mortified in him ; and his ChfiBtian course he is cheered by the favour, and sometimes, he is visited by tbe fatherly chastisement, of God ; a chastisement which springs from God's paternal love, inflicted for the believer's improvement, and which does not procred from God's offended justice, for the divine justice has no claims upon the believer, for Christ hath taken away the handwriting of ordinances, which was against bitii "nailing it to his cross." (Col. ii. 14.) "Whom the. Lord loveth. he ohasteneth, and seonrgeth' every son whom he receiveth. If ye endnre chastening, God dealeth with yon as sons ; for what son is he whom the father ohasteneth not?" (Heb. xii. 6, 7.) We must be very careful not to mistake the fatherly correction, ; which God in hie fatherly love administers to his children in order to make them sick of sin and to bring them nearer to himself, for the penalty which his justice denounces against ' nn believers ; whicb, unless tbey repent and take refuge in Christ, will utterly destroy tbem. The believer, as tbe adopted child of God, cries iinto him from his heart, " Abba, Father," and walks in bis love : He is blessed with a deiigbtfnl commnnion with Chriat, and is tbe habitation of God through the Spirit; he is one of God's bappy family, and heaven is begun in his soul even whilst he is on eartb. He feels that nothing can separate him from the love of Chriat, and he has a filial confidence in tbe love of the everlasting Father. St. Paul shews that all trne believers are known by the froita of the Spirit, and that nothing can bo laid to their charge in the sight of God. For the same judge who juslifiea aman cannot accnse bim ; and if Christ the Judge who will condemn the guilty, intercedes for their pardon, he cannot conaistently condemn them to punishment ; nay, St. Panl positively affirms that nothing created either in heaven or earth or hell can separate believers from the love of God which is in Christ. " There is now no condemnation 'to them whicb are in Chriat Jesus, who walk not after tbe flesh, but after iheSpirit." (Rom. viii. 1.) " Ifye live after the fiesh ye shall die ; biit if ye through tbe Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body ye shall live. For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God., For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear ; bnt ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, father., The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God, and if children, then heirs ; heirs of God and joint- beirawith Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together." (Rom. viii. 13 to 17.) " Whom he called, tbem he aisp justified, and whom he justified, them he also' glorified. What shall we then say to tbeee thinge ? if God be for hs, who can he against us ? He that spared not his own Son, but delivered bim up forns all, how shall be not with tbem also freely give uA all things ? ;Who BhBU lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that jnstifietb. Who is he that condemneth ? It is Christ that died, yea rather that is risen again, who is even at .the right hand of God, who also maketh interceBsion for ns. Who shall' separate US from the love of Christ ? shall ' tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or faihine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword? as it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long, we are accounted as sheep for tbe slangbter. ; Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors throngh him that loved ns. For I am persuaded that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things, present nor things to come, nor height, nor depth,, nor any other creature, eball be able to separate us from the love of God, which is- in Christ Jesus our Lord." (Rom. viii. V. 20 to the end.) ) To he Continued 