Theatrical Topics, There waB a change of programme at the Theatro Royal on Monday, when tho oomio drama "Proof or the Hand 'of Fate" was staged by Dan Barry Dramatio Company. The audience was very appreciative, and the various actors muBt have boon gratified by tbe oontinnous applause with whioh they were greeted. At the end of tho aota all who took part lathe performance wore called before tho ourtain and applauded or hisaed according to the. characters whioh they essoined. "Proof" is a Bomewbat sensational piece. This oomic drama has since been repeated. There waB a large audience both in pit, stalls; and oirole at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday evening, when there was a com plete change of programme. The faroial comedy, "Borrowed Plnmes," waB sub stituted for " Cheokmate." It is a oomedy very similar in oharaoter to tbe former, abounding like it in laughter-provoking situations. The performance concluded with the Fairy Burlesque Extravaganza "Cinde rella." 'This burlesque has undergone several alterations under the hands of Mr. St. John since 'it was last played in Brisbane by the Blade-Murray Company. Some of tho local hits'were very good, and taken from first to last the burlesque kept the fun going without intermission. ' A ' telegram from' Bydney on Monday statos ; that Mr. Bartley Campbell's stirring drama " "Siberia" was successfully repro duced'at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday. The' faroical oomedy " Turned Up," and the pretty play " Barbara," drew a crowded house to'tbe Criterion Theatre on Saturday night "'Masks and Faces" has'entered on its second weok 'at the Garriok Theatre, and the attend ants 7 are ' being well, maintained. Large audiences' oontinne to flook to the Theatre Rovalto'witness the " Bells of Hasalmere," and there was'another full house on Saturday night. Madame. Patey had a orowded house on the occasion of her farewell oonoert at tho Cen tehnial HaU oh Saturday, and met with a great reoeption. .Our Melbourne correspondent wired a" follows.1 on Monday: "The Old GnBrd" is having- a. splendid rrrn at the Princess s. "Evangeline": has taken a strong hold upon ; playgoers at the Opera House. At: the Alexandria the realistio perfomanoe of tha " Soout" is filling the theatre nightly, and it is likely to have a great run. The Rev. Charles Clark's series of leotures is -attracting large andienoes at the Bijon. "Comrades" was produced oa Saturday to a large audiBDce, andc the (pieoe was a great suooess at the Theatre Royal. On Saturday Mr. J. F. Sheri dan's' 'Burlesque ■ Company played ^' Bridget O'Brien, Esq.'' There was a orowded house, and the performance proved a great auooess. Mme. Jane Hading has arranged, at the ex piration of her engagement at the Vaudevule, to appear on the stage of the Theatre Michel at St Petersburg. ,Mdlla. Dusfo, who is referred to in the Italian papers as the greatest actress of their stage, -, has been appearing at Venice, Milan, Rome, and the principal cities, of the king dom .withgreat suooess as Nora in " A Doll s House." , A New York paper Bays: Edwin Booth has informed bis manager that he would not play next season, and he has oanoelled two. weeks m Brooklyn. This means, in the manager s opinion', that he will never appear again. It is quite certain that his present appearance at the Brooklyn Aoademy of Mnsio will be his fare well one.; Thc Queea of Boumania has written a melo drama wbioh should have been produced at the Barg Theatre, at Vienna, but it turned out to be bo wildly and weirdly absurd in plot and so bombastio in language that the managers insisted that if it was produced there would not only ba a riot in tho audienoe but a strike ii i nA mat nlltnftfAWB. not omy oo » a.*,-.*—— --- - - Bmontr the employees, and bo it was withdrawn. — " r __i. ham dramatio VUU —- - Event a queen is not free from failures. • The Queen was present at the Beeond theatri cal* entertainment whioh has been given a Windsor Osstle during the present soason. Mr. John Hate and the Garriok oompany hav ing roodved Her MajoBty'B oommands, pro duced there on March 17 "A Pair of Spoo tacles" Bud "A Quiet Rubber,'' before the oourt and a number of ladles and gentlemen who hadbeen invited to join the royal oirole for the- evening. The performance, as in the ease of "The Gondoliers" (Bays the Queen) took place in the Waterloo Chamber, whioh was again carefnlly prepared by the Lord- Chamberlain's department for the ' occasion. The auditorium had been much rm proved, an ellipUoal dais, proieoting 9 feet from the front of the temporary gallery, having been eons treated for the reoeption of tbe Queen, in order that Her Majesty might be some what nearer to the stage, and thu hear the players' voioes more distinctly. Among the royal and distinguished personages who were invited to tho performance were Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lorne). Prince and Princess Christian, Prinoo and Brinoesa Henry of Battcnborg, Duke and Duohesa ot Took, PrinceBS Victoria Mary of Teok, the Marquis of Lome, General Sir H.F. Fo°si?b/' Major-general Sir John Co well and Lady Cowell, Major, general du Plat, the Earl Lathom, Colonel tho Hon. W. (-'"'tl°t!.TQ°' Major-geuoral Deonohy, Major Biggo and Mrs. Bigge, Dr. Reid, and others. The Quocn returned from the Waterloo Chamber at the close of the performance to her apartments, and supper was afterwards served to over 100 of Her Majesty's guests in tho dining-room, whioh is adorned with the groat and famous silver punchbowl. Tho players and orchestra, who wero entertained at Her Majesty's com mand in the Audience and Presenoo Chamber, returned early in the morning by Grsat Westoru train to Loudon. Roasi has been acting In Vienna in Tolstoi's 11 Ivan the Terrible" with immense effect. After one aot he was recalled 15 times. At the Adelpbi " The English Rose" passed its 200th performance, at the end of March, and then showed no sign of waning popularity. Mr. Charles Hudson's three-act pl«j, "Father Bnonapar'e," which Mr. Wilson Barrett recently tried at an Olympio matinee, proved to be a vory undraraatio and rather feohle production. The death is announced of Mr. Lawrence Barrett, the distinguished American tragedian, at the comparatively early age of 53. Mr. Barrett will he remembered by Londoners by a series of performances which he gave at ihe Lyceum some six years ago, when he appeared in Riohellen and other oharaoters. Mrs. Bernard Beeze, who has often played Lady Teazle (writes a London correspondent), will once more impersonate Sir Peter's lively wife on the oooasion of the revival of " The Sohoot for Scandal" at the London Criterion. But few are aware that this versatile lady has also appeared as Charles Surface. It was on the occasion of old Chippendale's benefit daring a country tour at Southport, and the result of this ourious experiment was an overflowing house, and a tremendous reoall after the screen scone. Actors and actresses are not nowadays con* tent with merely talking and moving behind the row of shining footlights that bounds their mimio world. They are bitten by the universal desire to see their names in print as authors. Mrs. Kendal some time ago succumbed to a bad attack of literary fever, and now Miss Ellen Terry is announced to be suffering from the same complaint. The form hers will take is a paper entitled "Stray Memories," and it will see the light in the forthcoming number of " The fi*ew Review." M. JDeronlede hired the whole of the Ambiga Theatre, Paris, on Marah 17. where a piece entitled "La Regiment," 'whioh is fall of patriotic sentiments, was played, and invitod his politioal sympathisers, the members of tbo League of Patriots, and their friends to witness the performance. All the Boolangist deputies were among those who responded to the invi tation. When M. Leroalede entered the theatre he was greeted with load applause. All the patriotic passages in the play were received by the audience with noisy approval, and shouts of "Long live the army." The European Mail's olnbmon pays: People are still fighting over Ibsen. The performance of " Ghosts," one evening ia the latter half of Maroh, at the Independent Theatre—a name whioh the attempt to form a theatre libre in London has allotted to the Royalty—has still farther aocentaatod the controversy. The oritics of most of the papers, headed by the redoubtable Mr Clement Scott, have denounced it with all their thunders. In their eyes the play is immoral, disgusting, impossible sa dramatic art. The Ibsenites laugh at them, dubbing them Philistines and cultnroless persons, too blunted with tradition to endure the moral lesson, whioh every play of Ibsen contains. But a play of whioh the subject matter ought hot, in the Times writer's opinion, to be discussed outside a hospital, is certainly too highly seasoned dramatic fool for the 