GENERAL BOOTH IN MEL BOURNE. ? ^ ? AN EXCITING SCENE. A SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. Unless it were for the title (says the Mel bourne Argus ot a recent date) and perhapa an infusion of excitement into the proceod iugs, there was little to distinguish the spec ial holiness convention held yesterday .in the R?~?iiiii£ina Rntfrfin-r f r/nn «nv nf £liA mivf. inge of the Salvation Army. The same shout ing and singing, the same effervescence of gesture, the ume exhorting and testify' ing, the same utter absence of any fixed order; these were the prevailing features of tbe convention. That the General came in at 3 o'clock and left again shortly after was, so far as anybody could see, merely an incident in the history of the convention. The ' General' had another tremendous reception, and at once the vast audience broke into Psalm 45, ending with tbe fav orite Salvationist chorus : — ' Let me, Jesus, let me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Yuller know redemption's plan. Fuller know redemption's plan.' iaey sang it poesioiy uaix-a-auzen umeSj each time with greater strength of lung. But loudly as they chanted they coald not satisfy the General, who, standing in front of the platform, marked time with outstretched arms, abandoning himself en tirely to the excitement of the moment, in striking contrast to his demeanour of tbe previous two days. This was not the ' General ' Booth of Sunday, or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in bis atra-Salvationist mood. 'Again, again,' he shouted. 'Let me fuller know redemption's plan! Sing it again, but not ' redemption ' — salvation ! Let ne fuller know salvation's rjl&n.; If yon burn to trust the blessed Christ this evening — if you burn to have Him blot out your guilt — sing it again.' And the audi ence, obedient to the cry, took up tbe bur den. 'No, no.' the 'General' cried. 'I am not satisfied. Everybody wants to know about Jesus this evening, and to have more salvation than they ever had before. If you don't, what did you come here for ? Why else did you leave your business and your shops ? Who could erer bare expect ed that anybody at all would leave their homes on a Monday afternoon. If anybody had said so a month ago yon would have said, * Nonsense.' Some of yoa have travel* K'd miles, and you're going to have some thing for it, or else you've thrown your fare away, you Enow, and you bad better go home and look after your business. You want salvation or you'll never enjoy relig ion. There was an o'd woman once who said, ' What, me enjoy religion ! Why, I never Knew what it was to be miserable until I got religion.' The reason was she dii not get enough of it. Let's have more of it. (' Amen. ) Everybody wants more of salvation. So sing it again, sing it again, and everybody hold their right hand up.' They sang again after thL, and they sang it with the loud pedal on, every night arm extended at length, and «very foot in the hall keeping time to the thunder of the big drum. Then says the ' General,' ' Let us all pray,' and as the audience fall on her knees, he adds, with a keen glance that sweeps the building from floor to galleries, ' Pray — not look about. The devil alwaye looks at a meeting when it is praying, and see how many are helping Jesus Christ. He takes notice *f those that keep their eyes open. Shot your eyes, or else he'll put you down in his pocket book.' Then a hymn, ' AU the Way to Calvary,' and the ' General,' after reading from St. John, 12th chap., 23rd verse, plunges into a characteristic address on the Christianity of Christ. To be entitled to call himself a Christian, a man must live the life of Christianity. He must have the same purpose in life that Christ had. For Jesus Christ had a ruling purpose. He did not come here to discover a gold mine — nothing of the sort. He did not come here for pleasure. No ! no ! no ! How ever, people will ask, Can you make such insinuations ? He did not cerae to glorify Himself — to dress Himself, to paint Himself, to curl his hair, and cringe and crawl and stalk about in order that people might think a lot of him. Again, people cry, 'General, General, please give over talking iu that line — it is disrespectful to my Sa viour.' No : He came here to save 6onls ; He came here to Bive your soul. ('Glory,' 'Blessing,' 'Ptaise,' 'Hallelujah.') The ' General ' goes on anew, and as he proceeds the excitement grows more and more intense, and the 'Hallelujahs' fall thicker and faster. 'Are you a Christian ? Is He the ruling purpose of your life ? If you have got the spirit of Jesus .Christ you are a Christian. Are yo.i a follower of the Bleeding Lamb? Are yon on His Bide ? Then yon can cail yourself a Caristian. Everybody who thinks so say * Amen.' ' And. the audience unite in one mighty 'Amen.' ' Here is the proof, ' tbe 'Gen- eral' goes on, ' in the Bible — your Bible. TniB is not a Salvation Army Bible— yes it is ; it U my Bible, blessed thing ' — and the ' General ' presses itaffiectiosately to his bosom. ' This is the Bible that you read, and bwear by, and quarrel over, and which you expect you am going to be jndged by on the last great day. This is your Bible, and I ask yon to listen to the words that you knew from childhood. This is what it says .- — ' The grace of the Lord Jesus ChriPt, who although He was rich— a millionaire — yet foronr sins he became poor, that we through His penalty might become rich. (' HaUelnjah.') Have you got that spirit ? You may be a member of a. church. I believe in being a member of a church, a good member and a working member, and a paying member. You may have got a creed. I believe in a creed — I believe in what I believe in. (- Hallelujah.') That is my creed (' Glory.') You mi»y have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have a ceremonial ; we belong to the High. Church. (Laughter.) I believe in a ritual, and vestments and processions, and walking abonton week days as well as on Sundays, teeing who is on the Lord's side. Yoa may have excitement — I believe ia excitement. I do. (' Glory.') I don't think much of people who are not musical and not excitable — they may be very good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the Salvation Atniy. (Laughter.) I like a man who can fire up— a man who has got a temper — a good temper, though. (Laughter.) I believe in excitement, and I do like to get up the excite ment here. (Hallelujah.) Talk about the excitement of Melbourne — What is it to the excitement of saving souls? ('Glory.') Talk about Eight Hours Day ! I'd like to make four and twenty hour*. I'd have an excitement that would shut up the shops and stop the factories, and close Govern ment House, and put the Governor down to the humblest individual in the street. ('Hallelujah.') I'd like to have one great, blessed, glorious excitement that would sweep over everything — ('Glory*) -^arid tfcj»± w^nlH take every mac and every woman and sweep them away before it, away into the Kingdom of God. ('Halle lujah.')' By this titse the excitement is neariog its tension point. Women are already be ginning to sob hysterically, and men, with the perspiration rolling off th-dr faces, are following every 6eco..d word with hoarse murmurs of 'Bless the Lord,' 'Glory,' and the like. The 'General' himself has altered the pitch of hie voice by baH a tone, arid is «-«liritifr now not in the even,- tbono tonotis drawl of tie earlier' part of hisad d^ess, but with a rapid and nervous utter ance—harsh, almost metallic iu effect. With constantly increasing speed he goes on .- — You may have a correct creed — no doubt the devil is ihe correctest theologian in the universe — you may go to church, you in iy serve in the army barracks, you may enjoy all the pleasures of Bible classes and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless yon make Jesus Christ's purpose and Jesus Christ's life your life, I don't see how you can call yourself a Christian man or a Christian woman, and I cavnot, and I say it with all reverence, I cannot sechow, wituouttnese attributes, Christ fauuself could have claimed to be the. Messiah. It was when He came down to sacrifice him self for me and you thatJHe became Christ. (' Hallelujah. ') And to follow Him seems to me the only ground on which a man can claim to be a Christian. Where are you ? If you are right, may God confirm you. If you are in the main right, may God make you wholly so. May He endow you with Christ-like spirit and zeal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not, then Jesus Christ is here to give himself away. ( 'Hallelujah. ') ' Behold, I stand at the door and knock. ' ' Glry. ') Open the door and Be will go in. ' Now comes tbe climax. The audience have lost all control over themselves. They uang on cue woras oi me speaker wicn cries, ejaculations and sob?. And the 'General,' with both hands uplifted high above his head, goes on, ' The time is now. Now, now, now. The time it now for the salva tion, for tbe baptism, for the purifying Same. Burn out anger, and envy and temp er. ('Yes.') Burn it out. ('Amen.') Everybody who wants it say Amen. ('Amen.') Say it again, ('Amen.') All this is going to be. Everybody who be lieves it say Amen. ('Amen.') And may the blessing of the Father, and the Son aad the Holy Ghost be upon every man and woman here. The 'General' finishes in the midst of a scene of hysterical excitement. He -goes away, and some of the people follow him. Others remain, foe how long it is hard to say ; out at / o ciock a meeting — apparent- ly tbe meeting — is in full suing. Anyway, there are the same 'etaff officers' and ' Halleujah lasses' on tbe platform, the same tremendous audience, the aame band, playing as vigorously and earnestly as they were three hours before. The ' General ' ' arrives at a quarter to 8 o'clock, meets with the same tremendous reception, and goes very much through the same pro gramme. His speech, though in some res pects different, is on the whole a fairly complete re-production of that of the after noon. But in the evening's proceedings there is one srreat striking difference. The afternoon was the sermon. The evening1 is the application. Hour after hour the nervous excitement of the afternoon has been steadily worked up. The songs and choruses have passed by, 'the collection has been made, the 'Uencral * is approaching the climax of his speech. ' God,' he says, ' is like a confectioner. He preserves you, and he sweetens yon; glory be to God. What you want to do is to go into partnersh'p with Him ; bat you want to share Hie profits and take none of the risk. Go4 doesn't do business that way. You can't go iato parthership with him on the lim ited liability principle. If you want p3wer, if you want glory, if you want love, if jou want the blood, of Christ, you can have it a, thousand times over, but you must pay the full price. Yon can't baat it down, or cheapen it, as you would with, a tradesman, from £5 to £4. When you ask what the price is, the answer comes, ' All you've got,* and y»u must pay it or leave it alone. The poor widow had only got two mites, and sbe got it, and a com pliment into the bargain. She epve all 6he had.' 'Let us pray.' There is a silence, and every head is bent The ' General ' goes on aeain, ' Some of you want to come to Christ. Come now. Come to the penitent form. Rise in your places and remain standing, and close your eyes while we' sing that hymn that is always my favorite, ' Jesus is Calling.* We are going to sins it very softly. While we are singing it say ? to yourself, 'Jesus, I give myse'f to you.' Do it. Jesus is calling. That is what you must think of. Never mind your feelings. Remember nothing except that Jesns Christ is offering you that salvation which you want. Now, now, Jesus is calling. Open your hearts wide, He is coming now.' The response to this appeal was] immedi ate, and all over the ball the figures of the 'saved' sto^d out prominently above the fao-ved forms of the audience. Most of them were young women, the majority of the slender and fragile type that forms tbe typical idea of a hallelujah lass. But there were many men. And, while the choir softly eang the hymn, they began to move forward to the penitent form, where they cast themselves down with tears and fobs Tbe ' officers' and the ' hallelujah lasses' were busy among the i™«-ling women and men, praying, outrun tingj encouraging. On the platform 'Colonel' Nicel thundered oat a prayer. The whole scene was ecsta tical or hysterical, according to the point of view from which it was looked at. Per haps the most pleasing feature about it was that it brought tbe meetings to a close. 