THE II'ESLETAN SUNDAY S.CHOdl FOE EST-STREET. 0 LAYINC: THE MEMORIAL STONE. 1 lie ceremony of laying the memorial stonp of tiie newadditioiis that are beintr Wesleyan Sunday School buildings in Forest street was performed yesterday by the hoi," Robert. Burrowes, M.L.A., in the presen™ of a large assemblage of ladies and "eiitle men. Besides Mr. Burrowes, there lvem also on the platform the Revs. W. Willmm F L.S , J. Marsland and D. B. Brid*S' Mr. W. Beebe, the architect, and Jlr' Reeves, the contractor. The Rev. Mr. Wil liams apologised for fclie unavoidable absence of the superintendent of the school. The choir contributed appropriate hymns at in tervals during the ceremony, Miss Redpnth ably presiding at the harmonium, and Mr J. Miller acting as conductor. The Rev. .T. Marsland read the 84th Psalm, and the Rev. Mr. Bridgwood offered up prayer. The Rev. \V. Williams explained that thev had met together that afternoon tola\ tlin memorial stone of the new and substantial additions they had decided to make to their Sunday-school. For a long time past it had been felt that some better accommodation was needed, and they did not think that the architecture of the front of the old building was such that they could be proud of Thev had, therefore, decided upon carryin« out these additions in the hope that in addition to providing extra accommodation, the front of the building would be more in keepiiw with the architecture of their church pro perty. On one side of the new buildin» would be a large room 30 feet by 20-feet* which would be used by the infant classes' There would be a fine hall 10 feet widein (lie centre, and remainder would be divided into two other rooms 20 feet by 15 feet each. In addition to being a decided advantage to the school, these rooms could be utilised for class and other meetings during the week nishts. It wasestimated that the cost of theimprovementa would be about LG00. Of that amount thev already had L300 in hand, and they honed to raise some more before the work was com pleted. If they did not succeed in raisin" the full amount they would have to leave the deficiency stand over, and a'low some future generation to pay it oft". The few pounds per year that would have to be paid in interest would be far more than compensated for by the increased advantages that ivould accrue from having the buildings erected. Beneath the stone was a cavity in which had been lodged copies of the Bekdioo Adveutiskr Independent," and "News," and a narch' ment scroll giving full particulars of the occa sion. There were two stones of polished granite (the gift of the architect), on one ot which was the inscripiiou—" This me morial stone was laid by the hon. Robert Burroweg On the other stone was inscribed the date 28th January, a.i>. 1801. On be half of the trustees, the Rev. Mr. Williams then presented Mr. Burrowes with a silver trowel (purchased at Mr. J. B. Edwards' establishment), and requested him to per form the ceremony of laying the stone. Air. Burrowes, as soon as the stone was Jaict in uosition, pronounccd it to be well and truly kid m the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. He expressed the hope that the school would prove a blessing to nnfny of the' rising generation. It- afforded him much pleasure to be present that afternoon to take part m their celebration of the l.-iyiiv of the memorial stone for the new additions thev had decided upon erecting. The movement had his cordial sympathy. Seeing that ¡lie í Logislaturo had decided upon "having a system of secular instruction, it devolved upon them to increase tlivir efforts for the j spiritual training of their children both in the Sunday school and at home. The «ood I precepts inculcated in the minds of children in the Sunday school and at the mother's knee would never be forgotton in after lite. It was absolutely necessary that the youth of (he colony should have some thing more than a mere commercial education, they should be brought fA ifr tIie ,Lr'rtl- He complimented the teachers on having such i fine lar^e school, and expressed the hope that other denominations would find it necessary to erect additions to their schools, too. He referred, with regret, to the large numbers ot young people of botli sexos, who made it a practice to promenade the public streets on Sundays, instead of attending church and wn!i)!n schooL Hu hoP°d the school would have a successful career, and in con clusion thanked the teachers for the com pliment paid him in inviting him to perform the ceremony that afternoon. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Burrowes, on the motion of Mr. Chas Perry, seconded by Mr. Ilarcourt vote ' Umwe3 suitably acknowledged the A collection was then taken up, and after thoRev Mr Williams liad pronounced the benediction, the proceedings terminated. 1 he contract for the building of the addi tions is to be completed in March next. 