OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FRoM OUR' OWN CORRnesPONDe ) SDec. 8. .A new difficulty has arisen in connection with the building societies, and although the panic is praetically over and ,hsitiess has assumed its nomninal "aspect, yet in sio far as the welfare of these institutions is concerned the remedy administered by the Government may prove worse than the disease. On Thursday last the' Ministry pissed through all stages in both Houses'a measure which prevented any malicious depositor from petitioning to have a society wound up. Such a petition can only be resented in future Iby representatives of one third of the creditors in nusmber and amount. So far so good. The societies were net free from the immediate fear of involinitary liquida tion at the iostaice of any foolish or cruel creditor and had time to rcalise their re sources and reassure their depositors. But the L'remier wlio; "pf course, ought to under stoid the'istenion of his own bill, inter. preted it next day to include his right to re tuse to refund any'deposits,whatever. The Federal building socioty, of whicli he is the head, had experienced a heavy run. Ou Friday, trusting to the bill, the managers refused to pay out a single shilling. They offered to all applicants for the return of their deposits. other deposit receipts, thise of one of the associated banks, for a year at 6i per 'cent.' The depositors consequently decided to leave their money where It was. But as a matter of fact the managers merely played a gigantic game of bluff. The hill gave them no power to refuse to pay while still carrying on business, aind everybody now says if a building society may go on rce ceiving and refuse, to, pay, no building society shall have the chance to serve me so. As depositors are the very life of tile societies, the high handed action of the Federal was, to say the least of it, overdone and injudicious. The Barristers Association has drawn a hornet's nest shout its ears by putting for. ward a programme binding every member not to work with or for any, barrister or solicitor who may be registered under the new act providing for amalgamation of the professions, and also to refuse to accept any briefs from any.solicitors who employ such practitioners. The haristers insist that both solicitors and barristers should act exactly as if the. amalgamation Act had never been passed, should ignore the law entirely, and boycott all whot recognises it. Of course such action as this;defeats itself. Half the bar and more than half the solici tors refused to be coerced, and as that half is quite enough to do the business, and new men will cotme in under the new rules every day, it is already evident that unless tihe association manifesto is withdrawn, it will ruin those who put it forward. The reappearance of Graham Berry in the political field will be a disturbing influence. It is not really known which side he will take. There are some persons who believe that he will turn Conservative. as Sir James sI'Culloch did before him, and with Patter son, G. D. Carter, and others, who affect the highly superior line, attempt to lead a new reaction. In that case the most he coldi hope-for would be a new coalitioi,,with him. self as head of tihe Conservative department, and probably Deakin as chief 'of the Ihdi. cals. But the prevailing opin'on is thit he will still seek the support of the lRdical party, ansd in that case if he canl convisce them of his sincerity, the. next session may see him in alliance with the present Govern mcnt as a coadjutor of Mr Munro, or in power himself, with Mr Deakin its his ally; In short the prevailing opinion is that Mr Deakin will take a place in the Cabinet after the coming election under any circum stances whatever. Mlr 1euary Irr'ing is not coming here, so lie says, but Mr Walter Bentley is doing his best to make up to us for his absence. That is to say he is playing some of Mr Irving's most popular parts in Mr Irving's own particular Inanner. Mr Bentley does not attempt to imitate the greattman's tricks of voice antd peculiarities of gait and gesture, but he models bis performance on that of his former chief, and as a result often is curiously like him. He plays Hamlet with Sir Irving's make up, 'dress, and concep. tiont, and is in consequence highly successful in the scenes with Che ghost, with the players, and with tile play in the third not. Thereafter he fails. Ilis voice is not so powe. ful andil melodious as that of Mr Irving's, nor is his manner So strong, conse squently the scenes at the grave and with Laertes are taue and tottery. Last iight lie played " Matthias in the Bells" with all M.r Irvitg's ,elaniration, if not with all hMr Irving's power, and was wisrmly applauded, but only by a thin house. The success of the week has been the production of a'capi tal comnedy by Mr Grundy entitled ' The silver shield,"' in which Mrs B ougli and slr Anson and Mr Brough are all very strong. Mrs Brcugh's part is that of au actress separated from her husband for six years Iby a blunder. They look each at the opposite aide of the " Silver shield." She plays it charmingly, and the piece, which is exquisitely written, is the best thing just now in Melbourne. 