Ox sharp shooting: Jjcraft SATURDAY, APRIL 25, 1891. e, Sir William Whiteway, the Premier of New Foundland!, h s been heard at the bar of the House of Commons in regard to the Newfoundland fisheries difficulty. Thl Newfoundland Premier insists on the whole question being referred to arbitration. The G M S. Mariposa arrived at Auckland yesterday from San Francisco lriE Chancellor of the Exchequer, in his budget speech states that the expenditure last year was ¿87,7<j0O0O, and that the receipts show a surplus of £l,t>7U,000 above the estimates. At Herberton, Queensland 5 cargo Thorpe, alias Henry Cole, has been arrest d as an English defaulter The amount alleged to have been stolen is £30,000. THE Queensland Parliament will probably meet at the beginning of June. In connection with the shearing trouble in Queensland, reports from the central districts state that things are quiet at Barcaldine, Blackall, Tambo, and Winton. Lons Salimutty, speaking; in the House of Lords, has declared that though Portugal agrees to the removal of every obstacle to the free navigation of the Pungwe River in South-East Africa, yet the demeanour of the Portuguese officials is so unsatisfactory that the British men-of-war have been ordered to proceed to the mouth of the river. The English Premier states that the question of preparation on the part of Portugal for the leisure of the British vessels in the Willoughby expedition is reserved. tiESTFhcr of death was passed yesterday in Mel bourne on John Finnegan, for the murder of Rose Summers. The jury returned a Verdict of guilty, with a strong recommendation for mercy. In reference to the Queenscliff gun accident, Major Churchward states that in his opinion the paper drill for the gun was. being carried out at the time of the accident. The trial of Colston for the Narbethong murder will probably be postponed till the next criminal sittings. BY an explosion in Berne of a magazine containing 250 tons of gunpowder, 250 persons have been injured and several killed. Lobd Kintobk hopes to return to Adelaide from his northern tour about May SO, Major. General. Downes, of South Australia, denies having made the statement that Thursday Island would become the Singapore of Australia, At a large public meeting held in Newcastle last night a motion was unanimously passed protesting against the sinking of a shaft on the railway reserve for coal-mining purposes as being injurious to Newcastle, and likely to interfere with the navigation of vessels. Ik London, the greatest difficulty is being experienced in providing cold storage for New Zealand frozen mutton. Once more reports are to hand of defects in the Australian auxiliary cruisers. The Mildura has developed leaky va yes, and her cruise has, for this reason, been delayed. The Bogo, with the Marine Board, reached Shoalhaven yesterday morning. The population of the magisterial district of Perth is 9615, A ruEstTNTATiov was made to Dr, Lanigan, the Roman Catholic bishop, in Goulburn, yesterday, The. schooner Eliza Allan was floated off the rocks near Ballina yesterday. A LAte: withdrawal of gold has been made from the Bank of England for Lisbon. Tiru census returns for Burwood and Strathfield show a total of 339 males and 4479 females. Tun fortifications at the Heads and at Botany wuU'bs manned and brought into action, (today in connection with the military training operations being carried out. The Governor of New Caledonia left by express train for Melbourne yesterday. A case of the non-fulfilment of a contract has come before the Minister for Works, who has decided that the penalties must be paid. Loan RiDer ru Cnuncetiu. has left London on a visit to Jla,h.)nttJanJ. South Africa. With regard to the Newfoundland fisheries, it is reported that 70 scholars with supplies of bait for the Franco fishermen have ran the blockade At a lecture in Adelaide last night on the single tax Sir George Grey presided. RoBERT Tnojirsos, aged 10 years, -while driving a donkey engine yesterday at Hoskins's foundry, was caught in one of the bolts and severely injured. At the Garrick to-night " Black-eyed Susan " will be played. The Metropolitan Liedertafel last night gave a moonlight promenade concert on the lawn of the Association Cricket Ground. Twelve: thousand colliers in Pennsylvania have refused to come out on strike in support of the eight-hour principle, though called by the leaders. , Thru military, in dispersing a gathering of rioters in Scottsdale, Pennsylvania, killed a girl. Five men and two women have been killed in another riot at Scottsdale, in Pennsylvania. The death is announced of the Grand Duke Nicholas. At Her Majesty's to-night " The Corsican Brothers" will be presented, Is an interview in London, Mr. John Billington,, who was recently in Australia with Mr. J. L. Poole, said of Australia that " it seemed the desire of everyone we met to show us that we were one, brothers in blood, and subjects of the same mighty ruler." Mb, Julian Salomons is a passage by the H. M.S. Mariposa, which reached Auckland yesterday. The vessel has on board three tons of machinery for use in the production of "The Country Fair " at the Opera House, Melbourne. Mr. Editdkd Barton gave his address on federation at Manly last night before a crowded audience, amongst those present being the Premier, Mr. M'Millan, and Mr. D O'Connor. The Chancellor of the Exchequer estimates the revenue for the next financial year at ¿00,-130,000, and the expenditure at £38,404,1100. At the Criterion to-night " Modern Wives " will be played. MR. Weber, who is a passenger in the Mariposa, is coming to Australia to prepare for the appearance of Sara Bernhardt. Valparaiso is being besieged by the insurgents in Chill and should this place be captured, it is stated that the rebel forces will have conquered in the civil war. . - Holders of the Shipping Federation tickets are now insured against accident. Is the Ballarat Labour Council yesterday a long discussion took place on a motion to the effect that the congress urge upon the various Parliaments the necessity of making the eight-hour system law. The Minister for Justice addressed a large meeting of his constituents at singleton last night The decision has been reserved in the Privy Council appeal case of Bucknell v. Vickery. To-day are published our London Letter, Parisian Gossip, English Gossip, and Fiji Letter, Mr T, M. Davies, one of the members of the commission, who was the first witness examined yesterday before the Labour Commission, said that the freedom of contract principle gave the ship- owner the power to got hold of an individual and make a contract direct with him but he contended that there was no equity in a contract when a man was either obliged to accept the terms offered or starve. Du. SPOFFORTH lectured yesterday before the Ladies' Sanitary Association. ThmtK was an animated market for mining shares yesterday. and a large business was transacted. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £6052, The valuable support which Mr. Barton rendered to the cause of federation during the work of the Convention received special acknowledgment of its close, and similar acknowledgment in due to what he is now doing in explaining and justifying that work before the people of New South Wales. As he justly said in his speech last night, what is wanted at the present time is to bring art educative process to DBur on the mind of the people. The people can hardly be expected without assistance to master and to estimate the details of an elaborate Constitution, to compare it with our exist i g Constitution, and to judge the effect of the superimposition of one upon the other. To aid the popular judgment in so important and so complex a matter the assistance of trained political experts is necessary. And this is made the more necessary by the misleading way in which some of the issues have been stated, and in which the provisions of the new bill have been represented. A task of this kind is one for which the logical and critical mind of Mr. BatitOn: is eminently fitted, and his speech last night showed his ability in sweeping away sophistical disguises and in elucidating the real question. There is another consideration which makes the championship of federation by Mr. BartoN especially valuable. His coming forward as a leader, to be found, as he promised last night, always in the thick of the light on this question, deprives the struggle for federa- though there has to be such a struggle-of anything like a party character. That this effect will be produced was indicated to some extent by the presence of the public men who accompanied Mr. Barton last evening on the platform. On the last day of the Convention Mr. Dibbs asked the positive prediction that the question would be fought out on party lines in this colony. If that is to be so, then last night's meeting enables us to see that the party lines must be new ones, not those which we have had in the past The dividing line will be drawn by the question, Are you for federation or against it Nothing can be fairer than this, inasmuch as by this means a perfectly clear issue would be raised for the judgment of the people to pronounce upon. And as a step towards this definition of the question, we now have Mr. Barton's emphatic declaration in the words he borrowed for the purpose from an American patriot : " I will march with no party and will follow no law which does not keep step to the music of the Union, In attempting to place the provisions of the draft Constitution of the Commonwealth fairly before the meeting, Mr. Barton was led by the conditions of the case to do little more than expose and refute the misrepresentations of which that measure had been the subject. Some of his most effective refutations were supplied merely by reading the actual words of the measure, and in certain cases by supplying words which had been suppressed in the descriptions of the hill with which he was dealing. In other cases who showed that accusations which were made against the bill as anti-democratic illiberal, opposed to freedom, and the like, must have been made either in ignorance or in concealment of the fact that precisely similar accusations could be made with quite as much justice against the existing Constitution of this colony and those of the other colonies. The more comparison of the draft Constitution with the Constitution in force in our own colony, under which we have found ample opportunities for freedom, progress, and self-government, was sufficient to dispose of a large proportion of the charges which have, with such little consideration, been urged against the federal measure. This part of Mr. Barton's address was effective, and was damaging to the criticisms against which it was directed. It was not so much an exposition as an exposure It gave point to his opening remark that he was there, at any rate, to 3' speak truth. " to his audience. Equally telling was the way in which he dealt with the wild supposi- tions which had been made in the interest of provincialism and disunion as to what would happen if the States of the Senate should push their powers of obstruction to their last limits, or if the Governor-General should essay to play the part of CARLos I,, and dispense with a Parliament altogether. Mr. Barton had no difficulty in showing to the approving satisfaction of his audience that constitutions are but framework or machinery, that force and life have to be supplied to them by the people, that they must be framed on the assumption that they are to be worked by reasonable people, since no other practical basis is possible, and that every one of the objections of this kind urged against the draft Constitution could with equal or even greater justice be urged against the Constitution under which this colony has happily lived and prospered for over a generation. . In equally lucid style and with equally caustic application did Mr, Barton handle the complaints made that the Constitution was anti-democratic, since it provided for equal representation of the large end of the small States in the Senate. All these objections evince ignorance of the meaning and conditions of federal government. This is what federal government moans, and this is the form it has taken in the great federations by whose experience we must perforce be guided. If the object were to form a single unified State a different system might preferably be adopted. But inasmuch as the essence of the federal problem is to unite in a common government while preserving intact the rights and powers of the independent and sovereign States coming into the compact, there is no other way to bring these States into the federation suva by securing third full and equal representation in one of the Houses of the Federal Legislature, while the unity of the people is represented in the other. And the speaker dwelt with force and point upon the inconsistency of combining in one indictment against the bill the statement that it sacrificed or endangered the separate rights of the States with the complaint that it did not adopt a method which would have swept all those rights out of existence. A great deal of the force of Mr. BarTON's triumphant speech was supplied by the recklessness of the tactics which he be ejected to so destructive a handling. His antagonist had delivered them hoIvps into his hands. His speech bore out his pledge that it should be truthful and honest. Moreover, it was animated by a broad federal spirit the "spirit of union and of a common patriotism. And it was noticeable that the appeals to this sentiment of common Australian patriotism were even more effective in eliciting the cordial applause of the audience than the display of skilful argumentative power which he brought to bear on the representations he was dis- secting. At the outset of his speech he said that it was apparent that among his audience the public life of Sydney was largely represented. This fact, and the fact that his broad statesmanship and comprehensive views were so cordially reciprocated, help to define the issue as one between general one, far-sighted Australian patriotism and union on one side, and th . jealousies and selfishness of disunion and isolation on the other. That is the issue. The character of the tactics relied on respectively by the two sides has been fairly illustrated, and it is the judgment of the people which must in due time determine the result. By this time we may regard the annual Chrysanthemum Show, held this year at the Town Hall on Wednesday and Thursday last, as an established institution and certainly the evidences so far, in the way of attendance and interest on the part of the public and the quality of the exhibits, are unanimous in pointing to the conclusion that the institution is a decidedly popular one. Curysaulherautn-oulturo is a pleasant pursuit, full of rewards and surprises. Patient care and scrupulous attention, not without a dash of the kind of enthusiasm that carries all before it in cases of this kind have worked wonders with the chrysanthemum. The flower itself in its simplest form belongs to perhaps the humblest family of the field flowers, but by patient culture and continuous experiment we have brought it into the front rank of com- posite plants. From the one-eyed daily or the yellow marigold it is a far cry to that superb bloom the " Mrs. Alpheus Hardy,'' for instance, to say nothing of the long; list of Boules d'Or, Fair Maids of Guernsey, Etoile de Lyons, Co- quettes de Castille, Grandiflora, Golden Christmas, and a host of other triumphs of floral evolution and development of which the very names are a liberal education. Successful cultivators have signalised their successes by giving their own names or those of their friends to the finished outcome of their patient cares; and with your true chrysanthemum enthusiast the development of a new trait-the trans- formation of a petal into something like a tendril, for instance, or a new marking or combination of colour, or an increase in the size of the whole speci- men-is an event to be celebrated with the rapturous thanksgiving of an archaeologist who has succeeded in de- ciphering an old inscription, or an astronomer who has discovered a new star. To the outside world there may be nothing suggestive in the expert's description of a prize-taking chrysanthemum as a specimen whose flowers are " massive," " well built up," or " clear in colour ; " but to the true amateur these phrases are finished eloquence. It is not everyone who can wax enthusiastic over chrysanthemums that flourish in pots, perhaps ; but even the coldest may awaken to a feeble interest in the fact when they are told that the occasion of this last exhibition was the first in this colony on which the public were offered an opportunity of seeing specimens in this condition well grown. The horticulturist, indeed, has been indulging his little freaks at the expense of the chrysanthemum rather wildly. What with his hybridisation, and his fertilisation of pistols, and his experiments in evolution generally, he has succeeded in developing some rare and curious products which border now and then perilously close on the confines of monstrosity. These incipient monstrosities are always beautiful of their kind, it is true and according to the cations of all art what is beautiful cannot consistently be described as freakish or monstrous. To the eye of reason there is no more monstrosity in the Grandifiorum as compared with the one-eyed daisy, or the Rose de Dijon as compared with the frail blossom that blows by the wayside, than there is in a racehorse as it contrasts with those Flemish Destriers one sees candidly depicted on popular reproductions of the Bayeux tapestry The process of evolution, directed and assisted by scientific culture, has brought out what is best in all these, and developed the embryo. Out of the gaudiest week we have learnt to evolve the most perfect bloom, and the process by which this end is achieved is by this time become a trite and common-place illustration of the principle which it was left to Darwin and Lamarck to crystallise into a theory. But, of course, the cultiva- tion of these products is the pursuit of the scientific, or the recreation of the wealthy and leisured and probably there will always be in the popular mind a lingering tenderness, that is not without a touch of the romantic sentiment born of association for the homelier forms of well-known flowers. The simplest chrysanthemum that brightens our gardens at this time of the year, when most of the other flowers are gone, has a place which it shares with many another fami- i liar bloom that hardly ever figures in flower shows, in the regard of every lover of flowers. It is not the least valuable result of these exhibitions that they tend to revive this weakness for old " floral favourites, and to popularise the culture ; and appreciation of flowers generally. There is a good deal of room for the spread of this kind of taste in Australian cities, and we know of no better way of ' acting in that desirable movement than by the encouragement of such an exhibition as that we have seen at the Town Hall during the week. We cannot all grow prize chrysanthemums, and perhaps some of us are deficient even in the power to appreciate them. But everyone can recognise that a floral fete of this kind, by bringing the best growers and their best products together under the eyes of the general public, is a direct encouragement to the development of a popular trip to in this direction. The ladies and gentlemen of the Horticultural Society can hardly wait on the' Premier in deputation now-a- days, and invite him to issue an ukase like that capitulary of CHAHT.EMAG2ÍE- whom all flower lovers, honour for his act-which commanded that gardens should be made throughout the whole of Western Europe then ruled by his sceptre. The spirit of the age is rather against that kind of high-handed apostolate of flowor-oulture. But they are aiming at the same end in a different way, and there is still hope that the taste for gardening will spread and become popular in Australian cities and country districts, and do its work in humanising the character of the growing race, and mulling home life inviting, It may not be generally known, but the circumstance is not the less an interesting one, that we are his tone- I cally connected with the founders of the London Horticultural Society, the opera- tons of which our own Society makes a fair elton to emulate. Sir Joseph Banks organised the former institution in 1804, / and set an example which was followed in time throughout the world. The custom of holding annual flower allows came in five years later, but that was of Ghent origin. It is these shows and these societies together which have done so much for horticulture and redeemed it from the stage of haphazard to place it on a scientific basis and it is not a little striking as a coincidence, and perhaps of happy augury, that the name of the English originator of this new departure should be so intimately connected with the botany of this country through his flower, the Banksia-and with its history by his services. For some time there has been a lull in public interest relative to the proposed expedition for exploration in the Antarctic regions, and it has no doubt been thought by many that the project had been abandoned. This is not so ; but, on the contrary, a movement is now afoot for the purpose of giving a stimulus to the enterprise, and it is hoped that the effort will not relax until a fully equipped expedition into those high latitudes will be an accomplished fact. As already notified in the Herald, a lecture on the subject, with his Excellency the Uoveb mob presiding and supported by an influen little and representative gathering of public men, will be delivered on Tuesday evening next in the vestibule of the 'town Hall. The lecturer is Dr. Wild, who was on the scientific staff' in the Antarctic expedition conducted by HEALES Challenger in 1873 to 1876 and there is no doubt that the information which he, will be able to convoy from personal knowledge will revive an interest in the exploration of one of the very few remain- ing portions of the earth's surface yet awaiting discovery, and which has the further attraction of being only some two thousand miles from our own shores. As it was with the object of searching for the great Antarctic continent Captain Cook sailed from England on that memor- able voyage which led to his giving Australia to the knowledge of the world, we have a historic connection with Antarctic research ; and our proximity to those unknown regions has ever since indicated to scientific men that Australia should take a leading part in any such expedition of discovery. Heretofore that expectation has not been realised, the exploring expedition of Sir James Ross in 1842-which added Victoria Land to the crops, and gave his tractiveness to, such a large stretch of shadowy coastline within the Antarctic Circle as well as the expedition of the Challenger, to say nothing of the voyages of Weddell and Wilkes and D'Ubvillb and others, having been conducted independently of Australian support. The suggestion thrown out by Baron Von Mueller, in his inaugural address to the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia in 1884, led to the formation of an Antarctic Exploration Committee, and the awaking of public interest in the subject. In 1887 a proposal was submitted to the Imperial Government by Sir Graham Uebby in the name of the Australian colonies, offering £25000 in the event of a similar sum being given by the Imperial Government for the purpose of making a " reconnaissance " of Antarctic territory, but the proposal was declined. Since then a wealthy and enterprising Swedish gentleman, Baron Oscar Dickson, acting in consultation with the eminent Arctic explorer, Baron Nordenskjold), proposed to fit out Antarctic exploring expedition on condition that the Australian colonies make the contribution of ERWOOD good. intermittent efforts have since been made to have this sum subscribed, and Baron Dickson, disappointed at the proposal not having been taken up, offered to double his proposed contribution, and undertook that Baron Nordenskjold would personally conduct the expedition. This is the present position of affairs, and it is intended to have a vigorous effort made to raise the small sum named by subscriptions, the Governments of the various colonies being expected to assist It may be at once admitted that J this enterprise is of a kind the, show not appeal very forced to that class of mind which asks Whats the Use of it? Regarding any proposal which does not promise a direct return in pounds, shillings, and pence. exploration of the inhospitable wilds of 5 Polar Circle will not reveal either Pastoral plains, or golden reefs, or a population prepared for barter. The rest must be mainly scientific, and in no estimation of people of a certain man' we thought scientific discovery can do nothing practical for the benefit of man. We need not discuss this opinion, with which, however, few intelligent observers of modern process will agree ; but looking at the matter in that utilitarian light, we cannot admit that such an exploration must be wholly destitute of immediate practical returns. The dreary and as the far South are the real home of the whale of commerce, from whom it migrates like the swallow to warmer latitudes and the whaling fields along Norfolk Island and North New Zealand and elsewhere are apparently but its vW'ÍDg grounds in quest of sunshine. At ory 'ile Sir James Ross -Saw the Theebine whale in enormous numbers in the highest latitude he had visited, and they were very large and very tame, and appeared to afford the most tempting opportunities for their capture. Whale- bone is worth two thousand pounds a ton every average whale has nearly half a ton of it in his mouth and it appears that American whalers have been accustomed to merely decapitate their captives, and leave the carcases to drift away. ' "Whales in the Northern Polar Seas have been becoming very scarce in recent years, and two of the most eminent and successful whaling masters of the present day, Captains David and John Ghat, of Peter- head, in Scotland, tell us that " it is established beyond doubt that whales of a species similar to the right or Greenland whale, found in high northern latitudes, exist in great numbers in the Antarctic sons, and that the establishment of a whale fishery within that area would be attended with successful and profitable results." Again, we are aware of the troubles over the Behring Sea seal fisheries and that they have their cause in the rapid thinning of the numbers of the foreheads there, and the prospect is that within a measurable time the seal fishery there may be exhausted. The fur seal of commerce abounds in the Antarctic Seas. Every explorer has seen this, and the plates illustrating Sir James Ross's voyages show them perched temptingly on the ice floes. And with these fields for enterprise within a few days' sail of the coasts of Australia, awaiting but reliable information and direction to open them up, there is no warrant for the idea that Antarctic exploration might not yield a fresh mine of 5 each to Australian colonists. Nor are the scientific facts awaiting discovery by An tare tie exploration without their practical aspect. True, geography would only be enriched by the knowledge of a great skeleton of a country of eight million square miles in extent ; but with the contingent advantages already referred to, it would be profitable to know its outline whether it is a solid continent or an archipelago as supposed by Boss, bridged over by everlasting ice ; whether the warm current from the South , Atlantic, which has been traced within its , icy barriers in a channel five hundred miles in width, stretches, as is supposed, right across the Pole till it emerges into the i coan beyond and whether in a comparatively temperate climate the earth's axis can be reached and passed. And who can say what its geology might tell ? Ross found the earth denuded of its snowy covering on the coast of Victoria Land and for a country under so weird conditions the imagination can revel in possibilities of states of things as yet undreamt of. That strange, climatic change which occurred long * ages ago in the Arctic Region, in which the olden fauna and flora were those of a temperate crime, must have had its counterpart in the bleak, grim territory that encircles the Southern Pole. Indeed there' appears confirmatory evidence of this, and the points Cape Horn, Cape of Good Hope, and New Zealand, which are all equidistant from the Pole, must, from their identity in many vegetable forms, have been at one time connected by a continent now submerged. Somebody thinks that the Garden of Eden was once there before the earth slipped on its axis ; but this need not necessarily form part of the inquiry, and at all events the fossil plants and animals there must tell an interesting story of the time in the far past when the South, like the North Polar Circle, may have been in the enjoyment of a temperate climes. As it is, making allowance for the extreme cold, the climate is singularly good ; the sky is generally blue, the air clear, and the fogs of the Arctic regions appear to be there unknown, and i ount Hernchell, ninety miles away, appeared as only distant about thirty miles. Dr. M'ConMACic, of the Erebus, in his third year of the exploration of those high latitudes, says, " It is a curious thing that we have always met with the finest weather within the Antarctic Circle clear cloudless sky, a bright sun, light wind, and a long swell." But the meteorology of the Antarctic Circle may be otherwise of deeper interest to us, for there is not the least doubt that in our climatic changes we are closely linked with the meteorological and magnetic conditions of the Great Polar Region so close to our doors. The phenomena of the Auroras, and their connection with terrestrial magnetism and those earth currents which, are the torment of our telegraph operators, can only be studied in those high latitudes and to those who look only for practical results, it will be something to know that the Auroras are believed to have a direct relation to the changes of weather and that the cycles of aurora intensity ore thought to have some rotation to the occurrence of wet and dry seasons in Australia. But it will be little indeed to the credit of Australia if, in its present stage, it should have everything measured by the measure of pounds, shillings, and pence and apart from every other consideration, it will be something for the mind of the people to be lifted out of the boarded out of mere money- hunting by a project appealing to their higher nature. Australia is just now pulsating under the first breathings of national life, and it would be a seemly thing to see her putting forth her hand to conquer a new world for science. Other nations have signalised the consolidation of their strength by acts of war ; boat the grander glory of Australia to indicate the direction of her duBtlny by associating with the birth of her nation- hood a great enterprise of peace, of science and of commercial extension. There is no reason why the flag of Australia should not float over this vast unclaimed and unnamed territory twice the size of Europe, that lies in silence around the Southern Pole-a territory presenting fields for daring enterprise to Australians for generations to come, and a territory in which terrestrial Ekensteen can be seen and studied from a point of vantage from which they cannot be viewed in any other country on the face of the globe. His Excellency the Governor has consented to open Mr Fletcher Watson s exhibition of pictures at 2.30 p.m. on Tuesday Tire announcement a" reade by the Minister for Works several months ago that for the future penalties for the non fulfilment of contracts would in all cases be enforced A case has just arisen in which the sureties to a certain to tract have applied to be relieved of the penalties imposed by the department, because of the non fulfilment of an undertaking by the contractor Mr Bruce Smith has decided that the penalties must be paid for it is his intention to make the responsibility of sureties real and counsel has, thereof so been instructed to take the necessary action to recover the penalties in the case referred to Tub Minister for Lands accompanied by Mr Lackey, M L on Thursday inspected a new rabbit trap at the residence of Mr J, B Rundle M. ¡j C The Minister has since directed an officer of the Lands Department to report upon the contrivance. Bra Franc Parties has received the following congratulatory letter upon the success which attended the labours of the Federation Convent on \- Town Council of Deniliquin Town Hall Deniliquin April 21 1891 Sir-I have the honour to forward you the following motion passed unanimously by my council at its last meeting on April 20, viz That the members of this council desire to congratulate Sir Henry Parkes, president of the late Convention, on the great measure of success attending the labours of that body They also wish to state that whilst fully realising the nobility of the son time of One people, one destiny, they, as representatives of a border town take this opportunity to express the hope that the of colors will calmly and deliberately to go up the question when submitted to them and adopt federation as a means whereby grievances affecting all the border districts will be abolished and freedom given to the inhabit (ants to develop their resources in accordance with the national conditions of the country I have, five, Thomas C. Gillies Council Clerk ' Some days ago a deputation introduced by Mr Hugh Taylor M LA. an 1 consisting of the president and executive officers of the Fire Brigades'' Association, waited upon the Premier Sir Henry Park to request that a grunt of £1000 might be made towards holding a demonstration similar to the one held three years ago and which proved such a great success and bone lit to the a SDciauon Sir Henry Parkes then promised to consider the matter and yesterday he informed Mr Taylor that the amount asked for would be granted Two deputations waited upon the Postmaster General yesterday One pointed out with some or do that the development which had taken place during the last two or three years at but her land had been such as to outgrow the provision made for of inducting the postal and telegraphic business at that suburb The deputation said that the railway station as we 1 in the postal and telegraphic business were all done by one officer, under such con barons as to cause much inconvenience. In the opinion of the deputation the time had arrived when a post and telegraphic office should be established independently of the railway promises. Mr. O'Connor promised to send an officer of the department to report upon that matter. The other deputation consisting of the Mayor and aldermen of Prospect and Sherwood made out the case they had gone to stable h an! Mr O'Connor at once said that their request would be granted and a certain postal delivery which was at present confined to a radius of one mile would be extended to a radius of two miles. Mr E. Barton ii Leo gave his addro s in reply to the criticisms of Mr G. H. Reid upon the Federal Constitution Bill, last night. It was de- livered in the Aquarium Manly before a crowded audience and it was listened to with the utmost attention. The speech lasted for about an hour and three-quarters and it dealt comprehensively with the provisions of the federation proposals. Mr A Morris pros dod and among those present at the meeting were the Premer (Sir Henry Parkes) Mr M Millan (Colonial Treasure r) Mr D O Connor (Postm istor General) and Means, Copnland Gar van Cullen Waddel and Liu Ms L.A. A number of gentlemen went from Sydney by steamer to attend the meeting. We learn that Sir Alfred Stephen G O M G Lieutenant Governor, has forwarded to the Countess of Jersey LIO but as a subscription to the Ti rode Dum ter Relief Fund The money has since been forwarded by Lady Jersey to Mrs. Spalding Soviet military operations, which will be illustrative of the defence of the harbour as well as of that portion of the coast contiguous to Sydney, will be carried out to-day The fortifications at the Heads and that comm making the entrance to Botany will be manned a id brought in of action the troops entrusted with the work of defence comprising not only the permanent and partially paid regiments of artillery (including two detachments from southern ports) but two regiments of infantry and the P P Bubma ino Min ra C q s Iho artillery will man the batteries and finnan, two field batteries of four guns each and detach ments to work the machine guns whilst the infantry will co-operate in regard to the second line of local ce by protecting the bat trees from being taken in the great and repulsing imaginary attempts to land by boats, detachments belonging to a supposed enemy What is technically known as fortress formation will p availed system the object of which is to accustom the troops to such positions as they might be called upon to occupy in the event of it being necessary to man the forts to resist an invader To day will be the first occasion on which the fortress formation has embraced the infantry portion of the service. One field battery will bestalional in the vicinity of Watson's Bay and the other on George's Bo lights. The machine guns will cov r the approaches to the various bays. The 2nd July most of Infantry (with the exception of one company, which will be despatched to have Is and) will occupy certain petitions at South Head and it will be its duty to protect the batteries from any sudden attack either from landing parties or four hostile troops which are supposed to have effected a landing along the coast the 1st Regiment will be on the northern side of the harbour and will guard all Possible l points of attack from and inclusive of the Spit Middle Harbour, to the now submarine mine buildings at Ooowdor Bar Thor who of of the operations will be carried out under the officer commanding the defence forces (Colonel by aiding O M G ) Lieutenant-Colonel Airey will be in command of the northern side of Port Jackson, and Major Murray in imme stars command of the southern side, Major Baynes will be in command at Fire Island. The Volunteer Artillery will be under Colonel Wells who will have with him Major Mornington the 1st Regiment Infantry under Col del Farrell the 2nd Regiment under Colonel Goodlet. Major Airey D &.0 , will have command of a P A. Held battery of four guns, and Major Chapman of a V A. Hold battery. Some of the machine guns will be worked by No 2 Battery of the Volunteer Artillery I'll see la gets will be used. One will be off North Head one of South Head roof and the third will be about 1000 yards from Middle Head In all cases the targets will be surmounted by you low flare. As shot and shell will be fired from various sailor as it will be prudent on the part of all boats to avoid the neighbourhood of the Heads, M Pardon the Governor of New Dated mo who has been in Sydney for a week having arrived by the M M. etea nor Australian on the 17th m stant, left with his wife and family and his AD 0. Captain Benara by express train for Melbourne yesterday afternoon M Pardon, who is travelling to Melbourne in a special carriage which had been reserved for his use by the Railway Commissioners contemplates making a sojourn of five or six days in Melbourne and it is possible that he may go on to Adelaide and catch the outward bound I M M steamer which is proceeding to Marseilles The Governor of New Caledonia, who has during his visit has been the guest of Mr. W H Paling at Stanmore paid a visit to his Excellency Lord Jersey and the Countess of Jersey soon after arrival M Parlon was afforded during his stay in Sydney opportunities for inspecting the Centennial Hall and other civic buildings the General Post Office where he was received by the Hon. D O'Connor the University, the Free Public Library, and other public institutions of general interest. M Pardon was very much impressed with the architectural features of many of the public buildings of this city, and spoke immediately before his departure in very high terms of the courtesy extended to him on all hands especially by some of the leading officers of the public service M Pardon had an interview with the Premier on matters of national importance. It is understood that courtesies similar to those extended to our New Cala woman visitor here will be offered to him in Melbourne, the Governor of the sister colony having asked M, Pardon to bone are his guest, and having offered to place a carriage at his dumosa!. The Governor of New Caledonia is proceeding to France to make certain communications to his Government. It is surmised that these will relate to some subjects of international importance. Fore- most amongst these is the project to lay down a cable from Noumea to Bowen Queensland, to secure the laying of which the French Government is, it is understood, willing to grant a liberal subsidy. Another work which is of national importance is the dock which it is proposed to establish at New Caledonia, The dock is to have such huge dimensions as to entitle it to rank amongst the largest works of the kind. It is also believed that M. Pardon will consult with the u reach Government as to the desirableness of enacting legislation based upon Torrens Act for dealing with the sale of lands in New Caledonia, no intends to leave France on the return journey about November 1, and expects to reach the colony of which he is the Governor in the month of December next. " THE Mayor has decided to let the shops in the market buildings fronting George and York streets on weekly rentals, and the falls on the inside are to be thrown into the general space. This is a temporary arrangement, but the shops will realise a much higher rental than hitherto. The census returns for the districts of Ashfield and Petersham, as ascertained by the enumerator, Mr George Watson, are as follows -Ashfield Males, 5307, ft makes, bdi7 inhabited dwellings, 2200, uninhabited, 110 in course of building, 18. Petersham Males, 389, females, 6580, inhabited dwellings, 2022, uninhabited, 142, in course of budding, 17. Tub census of population for Burwood and Strathfield is as follows -Burwood Males, 274 2 females, 8478 , total, (1212. Strathfield. Malos, 805 , females, 1001, total, 1869. A special meeting of the council of St. Paul's College, in the University of Sydney, was held on Thursday for the purpose of electing a rouroBOntatKO to the synod of the Diocese of Sydney in the room of the late Mr J. R. Street. There were present The Rev. Canon Sharp, warden, Ven. Archdeacon King, Rev. IX L. Jackson, Judge Backhouse and Mr. A. H. Simpson. The Hon. S. A. Stephen, M.L.C., was unanimously elected to fill the vacancy in the representation of the college in the synod. THE congregation of the Liverpool-road Presbyterian Church, Ashfield, held a meeting on Thursday evening to consider the advisability of building a manse on land adjoining the church. Rev. J, Auld, M.A., presided. Mr. J. Aitken costing clerk, read the instructions given to the committee of managers at the last business meeting of the congregation, at which it was agreed that steps should be taken for the erection of a manse Mr John Waugh, secretary of the room in too, read a report to the effect that the committee, while favourable to the erection of a manse, did not conquer the land at present in pression of the Church adequate for the purpose. On the motion of Mr. W. Crane, seconded by Mr J. S. Whitney, it was agreed - ' That the report of the committee be received and adopted, and that in the opinion of this meeting the laid at present in possession of the Church is inadequate for the erection of the manse," and, on the motion of Mr. J H. Goodlet, seconded by Mr. R. Harbour, M.L.A That the committee be authorised to purchase a piece of land adjoining as soon as money sufficient for the deposit obtained" Mr harbour mentioned that Mr. W. Seaward had promised side It was also carried on the motion of Mr Goodlet, seconded by Mr. Harbour,-" That the 0 summer take steps to build the ''manse as soon as the land is procured, at a cost not exceeding £1500." The legality of the road lutions was called in question by air. E. A. Pyman, who mentioned that it was contrary to the code of rules than any resolution inn lying the expenditure of money should be passed at a congress gational moreing unless due notification had been given from the pulpit Much success has attended he introduction of the electric light as a street illuminant at Enfield. They are now 53 lights Mos ra. Wood Brothers and Co., the contractors have been much harassed by the conduct of some miscreant who has broken no less than 14 of the electric lamps. They have now invited the borough council to pass 9, bylaw to protect them in this respect Port several months the E field municipal authorities have been much troubled by the exist once of course depots in the western portion of the municipal area. The Aehnold Borough Council being the owners of one doped received, as also did other proprietors, a notice that unless her there bands were seated legal proceedings would be taken for ore using a nuisance The original letter was, it is alleged, not even acknowledged by the Archbold authorities, and, upon the termination of the time allowed, a letter was sent by the council clerk of Enfield drawing attention to the matter. In reply the Aehiioid au nanties promise that the matter should be again discussed and a reply sent As no reply was forthcoming at the last meeting of the Enfield Council, it was decided to insti- tut proceedings against the offenders. As a great deal of curiosity has been exerted by the cablegram announcing that Sir Charles and Lady Halle had engaged certain Australian artist to support them in their tour through the colonies tim ¡ oar, our readers will be interested to learn that the lady vocalist in question is a well-known Austrian prima- donna. Miss IM miner, who will visit the colonies for the first time The tour of Sir Charles Halle will be a short one, and bacon used to Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. He will not visit New Zealand as was previously stated Tan Metropolitan Liedertafel with Signor Hazon as conductor last night hold a moonlight serenade concert on the lawn of the Association Cricket Ground, and the ready response of the public upon ed that the society had correctly ju Aged the taste of a large section of the people, and went far to prove that the tentative effort of last evening should result in an established order of such concerts. It has long been a reproach cast upon us that with our lovely summer and autumn nights we got hold to concerts in stuffy buildings, where we sit on staff seats, instead of moving freely in an open 1 space with the moon bright overhead. The Metropolitan Liedertafel is to be congratulated on the success of its concert last night. The attendance was large, the grandstand being well filled and a number occupying the lawn. The members ensconced in a small pavilion erected in the centre of the lawn, faced the grandstand, and in front of them the band of the 2nd Regiment was placed. The pavilion was bright with Chinese lanterns and decorated with bannerets which floated gaily in the breeze. The grand- stand, too was adorned with a profusion of Chinese lanterns, the whole forming a pretty sight. The evening was all that could be desired, to 0 bright moonlight enabling one to read the programme with ease. The initial item on the programme was the overture from " Poet and Peasant " (Suppe) by the band of the 2nd Regiment which throughout the evening rendered valuable assistance. The selection " The Post in the Forest" with the cornet play in in the distance, was warmly received and an encore was demanded. The other contributions by the band wore ' Selection and Soldiers'' Chorus from Faust," Round's March (2 True as Steel ") and " Symphony " (Victor Burt). Mr. H. M'Motion's cornet solo ' Tolka Concertante " which Rained an encore, was well ren- dered The Society's first contribution was the Pit rims' chorus from .' Tannhauser " and this was one of its host numbers, the singing during the evening being very unequal, apparently from the want of practice in the open air, and because the society had not its full numerical strength Mr Clancy's solo in the part song "Evening" (Abt) was well sung, and an encore followed. The program was brought to a close with the " Huntsman's Chorus," from "Dor Fred Schutz." Many who were present last night expressed the hope that the concert would not be the last of the Rains by the Metropolitan Liedertafel The Misses Albu will this evening give their final concert in the Centennial Hall The programme has a blending of the classical with the popular, and is, therefore, well calculated to command the appreciation of a mixed audience. The talents of the Misses Albu have been recognised as exceptional, but to the attraction of their efforts will be added contributions from Mr Craven, Mr Bamford, Miss Brabazon, Miss Naylor, and Here Peohotselt. " London Day by Day " commences the second week of run at the Theatre Royal to-night, Messrs Sims and Pettitt b play is proving by far the most successful of Mr Bland Holt's productions. It is a capital play, is well acted, and is furnished with some beautiful scenery by Mr. George Gordon. When Mr Holt changes his bill-an event which will not occur for quite a fortnight yet he will bring out another successful Adelphi drama, "The Bells of Haslemere,'' which enjoyed a long and prosperous season in Melbourne a few months since. The "Corsican Brothers," which has been so long in preparation at Her Majesty's Theatre, will be presented to night. The history of this famous play is given in another column. Mr. George Rignold, who promiSE. an improvement in the matter of costumes and the treatment of the Ghost, will play Louis and Fabien del Franchi, a dual character which has been represented by Charles Fechter, Charles Rose, G. V. Brooke, and J Henry Irving. Mr. H. B. Jowett will be the Chateau Benaud, and Miss Edith Blanche will act Emilie de Lesparro. Messrs. Bennett and Boucicault will also change their programme this evening. Mr. Ernest War- ren's farcical adaptation, " Modern Wives," will be noted at the Criterion with Mr. and Mrs. Brough, Mr. Cecil Ward, Mr. A. K. Lawrence, Mr. li. Owen Harris, and Miss E. Homer in the parts which they played in 1888. Miss Emma Temple, Miss Brenda Gibson, and Mr. G. L. Gordon are included in the present cast of this amusing piece Mr. John F. Sheridan commences the last two weeks of his engagement this evening. " Bridget O'Brien, Esq.," has met with approval during its run of a month. But a new and revised version of Mr. F. C. Burnand a merry burlesque, " Black Eyed Susan," will be staged to-night, with Mr. Sheridan in his diverting impersonation of Captain Crosstree, and Miss Gracie Whiteford in a prominent part. Two new ballets are promised. The Majeroni benefit, which is to take place at Her Majesty's Theatre on Wednesday afternoon, May 6, is likely to result in a large sum of money. Many tickets have alma ly been Bold, and offers of assistance arrive daily from all quarters. The programme has not been definitely settled, but it will be found to be attractive. Tub members of the Cottier family, who have for a considerable time past conducted popular entertainments weekly, announce that to-night they will open at the Haymarket Hall, George-street. An attractive programme will be presented Tossing the Vaudeville Minstrel and Specialty Company will commence its 19th week in the School of Arts. This company has had a longer run than any previous company at this place of amusement. Throughout this week large houses have been attracted nightly, and the popularity of the entertainments is as great as ever. There will be an entire change of programme this evening, and amongst the principal artists are Messrs. Martyn Hagan, Frank Yorke, Harry Sullivan, and the Misses Tessie Cleveland, Lady Fraser, and the Sisters Anderson. There have been large attendances at the Alhambra Music Hall during the past week, the Harvey Brothers, in their musical act, proving a great source of attraction. These artistes have firmly established themselves as public favourites. Miss Nellie Arline, banjo soloist, also assists materially in the success of the entertainment. The customary change of bill takes place on Monday evening, the final performance of the present programme being given to- night. At the Bondi Aquarium to-day there will be an exhibition of the wonderful powers of the phonograph. Among other items the instrument will be made to repeat Lord Carrington's farewell speech to the colonists of New South Wales, and selections originally rendered by the Coldstream Quai de' Band, " Records are made daily. Mr. Wyburd has provided other attractions, which can- not fail to please. The Cyclorama of the Battle of Gettysburg, with its wonderful scenic and mechanical effects, is apparently as popular as ever. The spectator of this realistic picture almost fancies himself in a new atmosphere, so vivid are the objects portrayed. Conversational lectures are given at frequent intervals daily, and descriptive lecture at noon, 3 p.m., and 8 p.m. At the Coogee Palace Aquarium Mr. Larmour has completed arrangements -with Mr. Joseph McMahon for a series of exhibitions of Edison's latest perfected phonograph. The instrument will be made to reproduce songs by popular American and English artists, as well he speeches by eminent statesmen. The shot' phonograph' will also be exhibited, and there will be numerous other attractions. THE exhibit of 24 cut blooms of chrysanthemums, entered for competition at the Chrysanthemum Show by Mr. Joseph Bidencope, of Hobart Tasmania, arrived too late for the opening day, when the judging took place. They were, however, on view on the evening of the closing day, and attracted considerable attention not so much for their size or form as for the purity of the colours. In this respect several of the blooms, notably Amy Furze, were specially favoured. This variety, which are reared on several stands, was nearly white, but Mr. Bidencope's was a rich blush rose colour. The flowers calling for special notice arc: M. Desbrieux; adoration, the sweet-scented chrysanthemum, magnum ; Mine, 0, Anduruior, Edwin Molineux, a noble bloom ; Source d Or, a deep rich amber colour, in this respect superior to any bloom of the same variety in the show ; James Salter ; Mrs. John Laing, and Prince Alfred. The general opinions of experts of Mr. Bidencope's blooms were that they are a most creditable lot, superior to our own in colour, but inferior as regards form and size. The Hobart flowers had to Buller the disadvantages of a long voyage. A pleasant evening was last week spent at Maryville, Glebe Point, the residence of Mr. John Lawler, the occasion being a send-off to that gentleman, who left for America and Europe on Monday by the Alameda, About 60 of the employees and friends were present, Mr. Lawler was presented with an illuminated address by the employees. At the request of Mr. Lawler the guests were invited to a repast. The chairman (Mr. li. Malvern), in proposing Mr. Lawler's health testified to that gentleman being one of the fairest employers of labour in the colony. Mr. Lawlor responded, and gave his mon Some sound advice, no then proposed the health of his employees, to which Messrs. M'Mahon, Mayne, Dwyer, and Itoarty responded. As the result of communications which have recently been passing between the president of the National Gallery and the Minister for Education, it has been decided that the size of the present Art Gallery shall be increased. The extension will be gained by making the rooms on the south side of the gallery the same length as those on the north side, The additional space which will be thus obtained is already much needed, the gallery being inconveniently lull at present. A suocKiNo accident happened to a young lad named Robert Thompson, 10 years of age and an engineer's apprentice, yesterday afternoon. It seems that Thompson, who resides at Enmore, was employed at Hoskins's foundry driving a donkey engine. He was at his usual work when he was caught by one of the bolts and carried upon to a phase running overhead the length of the shop. On reaching the shaft he was whirled round and then fell to the ground. The boy was picked up and taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital, where he was found to be suffering from a compound fracture of of the left arm, which was also severely crushed, Amputation of the arm, which was considered necessary, was successfully performed. A cAr Tunis which brought to light a hoard of stolen property was made yesterday in Kent-street by Detectives Cooke and Goulder, On the 22nd instant the house of a Mr. Edwards, of Arthur street, Marrickville, was broken into, and about 225 worth of jewellery was stolen. Yesterday, acting on a search warrant, Detectives Roche and Goulder visited a house in Kent-street, and (here, after some search, found a great portion of the jewellery that had been stolen from Mr. Edwards. The officers took aman into custody and charged him with having broken into and entered a house in Arthur-street Marrickville. Besides the jewellery, however, many other articles were revealed in the search. Among those were 73 gross of Bar tolott's leather machine needles, a quantity of cigars, cigarettes, and tobacco, meerschaum and briar pipes, on 1 novels. While standing at the corner of Evans and Weston streets, Balmain, at about 8 a.m. yesterday, Constable Burke heard a crash of glass, and, looking in the direction of Darling-street, about 800 yards distant he observed a barefooted boy, apparently about 13 years of age, in the centre of the road, and two others about the same age, in front of Mrs. Howie's boot warehouse. They were putting something into bags. Noticing the constable approaching they made off along Darling-street in the direction of Callan Park, and succeeded in evading arrest, The constable found two pairs of boots on the path- way, and about 50 yards further on a quantity of peaches and potatoes and 11 pairs of boots. Mr. Horrie has identified all the boots as her property. The directors Watchmaker, Jeweller, and Silver smith of March 2, gives the following account of the enormous production of watches in the united States of America : " The Elgin Watch Company's is still the largest factory in the world, employing 8000 bands, nearly half of which are women. They have been turning out watches at the rate of 2000 a-day. The Waltham, however, is running pretty close up to this second. It now has 2800 hands. Although great alterations are being made in their line of production, the Waltham intend to give up case-making entirely in which department they are employing 125 hands less than this time last year." , Nearly every convicted prisoner complains that he does not got fair play under the English system of law, and to some extent the statement is endorsed by Mr. Justice Hawkins, of the English bench. The renowned Judge declares that prisoners are very unfairly treated by the practice of offering just so much evidence before the magistrate as will justify a committal. The most important items are goom- ally kept back, to be " sprung upon " them at the trial, without notice. By this usage, " the whole provision of the statute requiring witnesses to be examined before the prisoner is set at defiance." It is " an idle farce" to say to the accused, under such circumstances, " New, having heard the evidence against you, what have you to say ?" Doubtless (observes the Standard) his Lordship is right in all points of view. But there are those who observe with dismay the growing length of judicial proceedings already. It is fortunate, indeed, that crime diminishes year by year, for if the number of prosecutions kept ago with the increase of population, courts might sit the twelvemonth round, under the present system, and still not finish their business The simplest case of importance runs on from day to day. If all the evidence were brought before a magistrate to begin with, this grave ord would be doubled. We publish in our advertising columns the preliminary announcement of the convert organised by the Government Printing Office Musical Society and the Permanent Submarine Miners for the relief of the widows and sufferers in the late Middle Head disaster. By permission of Lieutenant-Colonel Paul and the officers of the corps, the band of the Cleveland-street Cadet Corps will play in Redfern Park this afternoon, under the conductorship of Bandmaster Norris. 