TXABLE TO SLEEP. There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes ' Peerybingle' in Tm' WveMy Times) that the death ot young Melluish from an over dose of chlorodyne, was the result of an acci dent. He was in the habit of takinsr chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, but that con stant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it i3 a present hell. The word sleeplessness .comes trippiugly oft' the tongue, but it is a fear ful thing to Buffer. Think of what must be the night- life of a man who cannot sleep, yet who has the courage to refrain from indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at midnight, and tries to court slumber by reading. He reads page after page, but f ailB to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back and strives to fix his attention once more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed sentences. He lays down the book, puts out the light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around his house becomes endowed with language ; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses him of some forgotten sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some fearful and impending danger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his eyes tightly to shut them out, and tumshis face down upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save that he feels they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blightiug presence. Then perchance he will doze — it ia not sleep — and he will in dreams live an age of ghastly terror. He will commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start . up to find himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and sick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with a weary moan when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal nignt of death, and thattha mornirg will never come. When at last the day breaks it briugs no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rises sick at heart, and unrefreshed of body. The light is something to be thankful for. however ; but the day is soon over, and the still, horrid, phantom-p'eopled Dight is to be faced again. What shall lie do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is the madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that he should fly to drugs ? * They give him at least forgetf illness. They shut out the terriblcsights aud cloeehis ears to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give him refreshing 6lumb-»r, but they give him the sweet oblivion of death until tlie morn. There are good people, people vrho can sleep like a top, who are loud in thoir denunciations of those who fly to opiates to iuduee sleep. 'They ject at scars that never felt a wound. ' 