TEXiriCK-STltEET JIAPTIXT CUVliCII, The -S3rd anniversary of the Pen wick-street Baptist Church was celebrated yesterday under rather unfortunate circumstances, for the Bev. Professor Whitley, princqial of the Baptist College, who has not long" been out from England, was prevented through sudden and severe indi<j»osition from preaching the special sermons for the day as arranged. The rev. gentleman arrived in Geelong on Saturday night, and yesterday morning he was suffering so severely from influenza that arrangements had to he made at the last moment to fill his place. Although taken at short notice the }«astor of the church, the Iter. W. J. Eddy, proved equal to the occasion and preached a sj>ecially appropriate sermon to the large con gregation that attended despite the Influenza and the wet and boisterous weather out of doors. Taking as liis text the -list verse of the Oth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, the preacher commenced his remarks by referring to the severe persecutions against" the early Christians instigated and carried on l>v St.Paul with the object of overthrowing the Church of Christ- But hi the middle of Ids i>ersecutiotis he was wonderfully* converted, and Satan had to resort to other means to disturb the tran quility of the Clrristiiujs. The circumstances under which the early church grew in strength were alluded to, and the preacher held tliat the recent convention in Geelong had brought about the rest and peace of which the writer of the Acts spoke. The walk and the work of the churches solely depended upon the iniluencc and power of the Ifoly Spirit! and illustrating the necessity of the quickening spirit supplied by the .Holy Ghost, he jioznted out that the 100 ton guu was of uo use without the explosive and the spark to enkindle It, while the ship without the rudder was unmanageable and could not be trusted to the waves- The walk of the church was fidelity, and the higher Christian life about which so much had been heard at the recent convention should be the ordinary life of its members- It was a mistake to think that one could ailrin a higher spiritual life than could be gained by another. The higher life referred to rvas embodied in believers Baptism. The Baptists had 110 text book or catechism but the Bible, and their principles were drawn direct from that sacred source. The apostolic Christianity aimed at by the convention was the bai'tised believer's Christi anity, and there was no reason why the Christianity of to- day should not emulate the spirit of the ajiostolic a.o. Before.concluding, the rev. gentleman mentioned tliat with the anniversary of the church he was celebrating the third anniversary of his ministry amongst them. During the three years he had been with them God had blessed his labors abund antly, and he and the whole congregation were thankful for the multitude of benefits showered down upon them- 'The church was prospering in every way. and while they remained faithful to God they would continue to be blest- During the serviee appropriate hymns and anthems were x uderedi and Jackson's "TeDeurn" and JL shall lift uj> mine eye-y ' the solo part in the latter being taken by 3Ir H. Meakin, were given with splendid effect. A duet was also contributed in an able manner by 3fisses Searle and CaruuchacL In the evening" tlie Dev. -T. V. SPXair preached a sermon on Isaiah's virion; and during the service the solo. " Incline Thine ear," was capitally rendered by 31r J. CaruuchacL At the close "\Vestroiq»'s " Lord dismiss us" wassung by the choir. On Tuesday evening the amuTfirsuy will be further celebrated. 