Story Column. 'Twizt Gup and Li . alu qdaehslawl biqbt3 UBSEaVBD." ; Is Two ISSTALMKST3. ' ' , . BY P. C. PHILLIPS. Author of .! As in, a Looking Glass," ".The Dean and hiaDaughtor," &c.;, &c.; Strange to say.no fooling of ill-will to the firm which; wds depriving him of every thing, was felt by -Jolin, who looked appealingly .ht':D'ny.' 'A .kind: of griiy smile camo over - the face of - ;thp isenior partner. V v ' We are very sorry, Dr. Baldwin, very norry. Things' hayo, been "getting' ' very had in . this business lately. ,AVo havo felt.it. more than most. firms. The truth is the'middleman'i'is being pushed'.to.tho wall. -Tho stock we havo on- our shelves should he in the hands of our customers. Yos,' things aro had, , very htid. ' Business has hoen-leaving us and our customers j tho stores and the.parccl post hav'e'killetl our . oouhtry ' , trade ; the country drapers are unahlo to meet 'their engagoments ; and to .come: to ;the - point, 1 wo must ask you to wait.' , 'Can you suggest': 'any arrahgemont,' said John. A-. oosh payment; howorer emolj,' ., I am .sorry to ask it, Mr. Day, but, os.Mr. Tupper.can toll you, it is my all.', v, . ' : 'iJSo, Dr. Baldwin, we can do nothing in that way, and if wo do not obtain aid from our "friends by tho New Year we must call them together.' ' Do you mean' bankruptcy?' . Day sighed.and nodded. , - ' Mr. Day,' suid John, ' I shall he sorry to do anything to annoy you, tut you have got every farthing I havo in tho world. I must go to my lawyer. It is a duty I owo to myself — and to others.' '.Of course, of course. Possibly you arc', quite right ;"bnt wo will make you a proposition the- day after to-morrow. AYhut that may be 1 cannot for tho moment toll, hut wo will endeavour to do our best. Can you call on us at 2 the day after to morrow ?' Baldwin rose. ':T will come' n't 2,' he said with q sigh, ' On paper,' said Tapper,' briskly, , ' on paper, we pay over, 20s. in tho £ ; re member that, Dr. Baldwin. Don't he rash. Think twice before you put your- self in a lawyer's hands.' '-Dr. Baldwin must do as ho pleases,' said the head -of- the. firm: as ho shook hands'; ' he must do as he pleases,' Tapper.' ' Of course, of course, quite so. I was merely advising him in his own interests.' Baldwin left the place and hurried to Slowhoy at Brisk's. ' Well, Dr. Baldwin,' said Brisk, ' what can wedo for you ?' Baldwin told his talo, and tho faoo of smiling Mr. Brisklengthcned visibly us he went on, and when he had finished, the smile had vanished altogether. ' And you come to me to know what to do ? Ah ! Tbey are all rotten, of course they aro. Look at Dandy's ; thero was a cusei Well, "you can wait till tho day after to-morrow at 2. I will go with you, or if you prefer it, I will meet you there. ; I "am afraid,- if they ' talked of culling their creditors together on tho first of Junuary, that there is little to be done still we will see what'they say the duy after to-morrow. If there is no offer, no offer consisting of a cash payment, there is only one course— only one course.' ' And, that is ?' , 'Awrit.'-- Tho professional arailo returned. ' Good day. Good-; day. A Merry Christmas, Dr. Baldwin.' Thoy shook' hands and John walked off, full of sad thouehts, through the, kmiling crowd.' The hells pealed their ..merry carol in honour of the day. What was the carol they rang to John Baldwin? lluin— ruin— certain ruin. John waited impatiently in his rooms — his temporary rooms in the Templo. Those ugly rooms, that ho had fully ex pected to change- for the smiling bijou house. ' He had not the heart to keep Christmas, the feast of gladness, with Lucy and her 'fathor, and thoro cat his Chribtmas dinner. No. He pleaded in disposition, a headache. ' Ho ., sat in his dismal chambers, in tho two. pair hack of King's Bench Walk that Christmas Day ; and there, in lieu of a Christmas dinaer, he Bat and eat, his heart. Next day ho went to Brisk'.' ' I ' have hoard 'from . them,' ' said the lawyer. ' "Useless to give Dr; Baldwin tho trouhlo. of a. needless - interview ; we have ho proposition to mako." -Thoro is nothing for it, 'we can issue the' writ as a precaution, that is All;' ' ' But .will that help me ?| ; I ' I fear not, Dr.; Baldwin but it will tend to bring mattera'to' a crisis— you will know.'ihih fortnight1,,';' You'. wish us 'to." do this.'I suppose ; Baldwin ' nodded, hut his 'conscience smoto him. . Was not this .being; hostile, to Day? V.iOf Tapper he did not think; hut of Day, who had given him many a slap on the hack in his youth aud, what was more, many a half soveroign — of brisk, kind Day. But the thought of Lucy banished all hesitation. The writ should be issued. Back, hack to the lonely chambers — ho could not face: Lucy .with tho news he had to tell. What right .had he to have wrecked her life . with, his., castles in tho air. His &thftrifta;£l'$O0O,'"Wo ridh in heritance of an only son;- were passing away in smoke.vPerhaps .something might reach him eventuully. Jiut his marriage could never take place-— -buoy's .futlier would -never consent;' ' " ' ' " Now Year's Evo passed muolt as Christ mas Day had done with 'John. He felt himself under a cloud, a thickening cloud. New Year's Day came ; again the joy- bolls from the Strand churches rang in his cars as he l.-ft his dark bedroom for his dincy sittinu- ro-iiu, theshqdowqof -gibber- »» ing faces neeim d tn mock him. He took up his p.iper and turiii-il to the city intelli gence with raechunieul haste; 'therfe'it was 6ureenoi)gi ' Messrs. Day, Son, and Tapper sus pended payment this morning. . Their liabilities ure suid to amount to £240,000. T'ie firm has orrupVd for muny years a H0b I j:. respectable' -position in the city. '1 iThdy.refer their losso to tho severe com- j petition of lato years, i A rocbiving order . has, been granted, and Mr. Sydnov Sludge- mouee, of the 'firm of 'Sludgemouso,' Quockett, Gotohed,' and "'Sltidgqmouso, Chartered Accountants, lias boon appointed trustee.' - '' Ruined. ' - ' i Tho blow was too ' inttch for John Baldwin. -His mind had dwelt' on it ; for the- last Wook .to' tho oxolusion' of' pvory other thought.' It had . unmanned ' him. As hb stood beforo his smoky- firb, whose face did ho seo in tho dingy mirror?;' Not' Ins own. His father's face; palb,; palo' as he had seen it when ho looked upon it 'last." 'It startlod himns if ;ho hadiseena" ghost.' ! ( Ho stored at it: helplos'sly,'. hardly; recognising himself.'; "Yes, tho shadow, of death- was on him; physically . brave, ho was a moral coward.' : _ ' I cannot face Lucy,' ho saiil' with 'n sigh. ' I- cannot face her father antl tho world; nnd without Lucy;I cannot' begin 'tlio world again. 'I am tired, dreadfully -tired,' ho muttered. Ho pushed nwiiy the uncomfortable breakfast with its sordid: service, the bachelor's- unlovely 'meal. Ho sat down at his huge 'writing- - table, that venerablu pieco of furniture which almost filled tho middle of the room, and wroto a few words' of furewell to Lucy. ,, : , ' Forgive me, Lucy. I cannot face it.' Ho signed it, carefully placed tho paper in its envelope, direetficl'it," sttuuped it, and put the letter on tho mantelpiece. As he did so, Again' he saw his own white despairing face and shrank from its awful look. Then ho closed his 'outer door, tho black door, so funereal in its inky colour ; his namo in white letters : on it seemed to stire nt him, and reminded him, ho knew not why, of tho namo of some one already dead. - Then ho took from A drawer of tho old writing table his revolver, the well-kept weapon, the com panion of his colonial life. Ho looked at it almost with affection ; this oltl com panion, nil the corners of whioh had been worn bright with use. Mechanically ho spun the chambers round. It was loaded — loaded as ho had brought it home a year ago. And it was clean, as a weapon should he. But with punctilious care John withdrew the coppor cartridges onn by one, and as carefully replaced them. Then he sot liis teeth, placed the weapon to liis head, and sharply pulled the trig ger several times— a succession of clicks was the only result. Tho cartridges had hung fire from damp.. It had required an effort, a groat effort, of misplaced pluck to pull that trigger, a second effort to repent the pulls. But now John Baldwin broke down, tho re volver dropped frcm his nerveless grasp, and ho fainted. He was aroused by a knocking. Ho snatched up the weapon, replaced it in the drawer, and hastoncd to open tho door. Lucy's father — and Lucy — pretty, happy Lucy — ull smiles and blushes, were there. Lucy rushed into his arms. ' Oh, John,,how ill; you look. John, dear John, what is the matter ?' : ' When the mountain wouldn't eomo to Mahomet, you ..know,' said Lucy's lather.' ' A happy New Yoar, John. Don't worry my dear boy. It's not as had as it seems, I hear they'll pay a fair dividend.' As John Baldwin, his weeping Lucy in his arms, grasped tho outstretched hand, ho. felt the bright light of human sym pathy dispel the dark clouds which had settled over liis sorely troubled mind. 'Not that I approve of it, you know,' grunted Lucy's father. ' Sho mado mo come.' 'Oh, John," dear John,' cried Lucy, the shelter of tho young doctor's capacious chest giving her courage, ' thank p-tpa — and, John,!- she said with a shudder, 'lot us get away from this dreadful plac3.' ' Enough to give you tho horrors, my hoy,' snid the old gentleman with sym pathy. 'Como and oat your New Year's dinner with us:' _ John did not wait to he asked a second time. He rather hurriedly put the letter he had so carefully addressed to Lucy iu his pocket, and upon the first opportu nity committed it to tho flamos. \- As the little party passed along tho Strand tho hells of St. Clement Dunes seemed to woleome John Baldwin hack to lifo and happiness and lovo. Thero is little more to toll. John and Lucy were shortly afterwards married, ;and it is pleasing to chronicle that Day, Son, and Tapper, paid 20s. iu the pound — the last instalment of 2s: 8d. in tho pound having been recently roooived by tho de lighted creditors. THE BUD : 