"'W ITT'EN 'IN ICED; On, THE. CONSPIRACOY IN THE NORTH ,,:CASE.. A STORY OF BOSTON. Biy CAs. MONeTAGoTN asn C. W. Dran. 4CH1PTER' XVI (corrsnvan).-CoNsm'a cy. 'Thomas had risen and was holding-up his .hhd. ..There was something horrible even to tbis.veteran in the merciless arraignmentof the -eispr of the woman he had protected. It.might betrue. John Lamm was the shrewdest of sliawdmin ; but he would not believe it until :lihAii all the proofs before him. ''"Itellyou, Laum," he declared, "I 'il' noth.elleve that woman planned that murrleras longis there is a chance' in the world for a. rissoable doubt. And I can show-" 4There wasa rattle at the door handle. '.fiit's. my man Bill," said the detective, ".back asgai from Swampacott." Heeunlocked the door. ",nd what has her ladyship to offer to day;?" '.This." The messenger placed a letterin John Lamm's hand.. The detective broke the seal and read it eakry.'I See." he said 'passing it toThoTmoas, from my little parlour seild at Swamp. 'The repbrter perused the missive in his turn. ith a little editing it would have read as feilows:-- . Th8he is getting worse and worse. If this os on much longer I can't stay here. Since Pa ran away shs's acted stranger than ever,. It ouldn't do to speak. to her for your life. MYi.''eti'dge called last night again. Their taros abort. She got a letter from her htues biid last niight. r brought It from te oast.' ofl'co, and Iknow his 8's. the spent' all the evwing, Ithilik writing, for-her room was full otalsscraps, written on, this morning; but sbehust have torn them all up, for no letter bp.been posted from this house; that's certain.. I. i crazy to know if that poor girl's been heard fzsim.. Don't keep the newa from me, as soon 'aiahe is found. I think Stella's going has stired M. She looks like a ghost, and I'm sfrai4 of her, and so are all the rest." 'It's evident she tried to answer the letter Sikclioise wrote her," said Thomas. Some. ti must have thrown her into an unusual este of indecision." John Lamma comments are entirelymental. He only remarked that h.:had a deal of. work before him.. Before setting out, howoverr, on his new quests, the do. teetive took a decided notion that he wanted to .introduced to Stella, with, whom be had nnsyer been given an opportunity to talk. Thomis was delighted at tho chance of con. veg his friend wholly to the cause of the un. .f tinate girl, as he was sure a visit to her ordlddo. So the two men were soon in the 'hoirse ears, on their way to the reporter's home. 'Thomas led Lamn to alittleroom in the second storey, where his mother-a delightful lady with staweet voice and a facea little faded and worn ith the cares of fifty years, but brimming full the goodwill and sympathy of a heart that the years had failed to harden-is seated at her .ipttin". The old lady takes oiff her spectacles, ald is rolightld to meet any friend of her ssn, ohosn'it is easy to see she has placed in a niche far above 'he ordinary walks of mankind. She drops a l1tt ciurtsey, 'inidl' when her son spers in herear, becomes brimful of impor thae and mystery. Going to the door of the adjoining chamber-her own room-she says something in a low voice. There is' a rustle of awomatn's dress. and Stella North appears on 'the threshold. Pals and haunted by a cruel fpar such as never troubled her young life before, she is, nevertheless, so much her ofd self that her eyes seem ready to laugh again, and the dimples to indent themselves it her pretty cheeks, if sufficient encouragement is given for Rige' roguish smile. Alas, poor child! Her adoustomed mirth had been a stranger to her for,'some time; and the laughing face that natnre had given her was only a cruel mockery. It was'useless for John Lamm to ask himself whether she were part and rarcel of the mur derous conspiracy which he suspected. The refutation of all doubt was written in her clear blue eyes, her timid, shrinking from a stranger, her honest, roguish face. Why, that girl was meant for the open air and the sunshine, to silng, to love, to be happy, h e thought. It Is an iucongruous hardship that a tragedy like this should come into her life. She is as outof place as a gay soubrette in the family of Lady Macbeth! But when she spoke, wvlhen, encouraged by he ready tact of Thomuas, she was led to-take part in tro pleasant conversation that ensued Thomashad expressly stipulated. that no re ference should be moade to the tragedy-why, thenJohn Lamm could not restrain hus honest admiration and his cordial sympathy. A crea ure, at once so frank, so free, so shy and so boldtso modest aud so rockless, In a breath, was enough to disarm the most severe of critics. Andthedetectivepronounced herthemostperfect ideal of an innocent, mischievous, light-hearted girl, not too rhallow to love, but altogether too sunny to hate. .Bnt, more than all be noted the lhalf-abashed half-revcrential air with which she regarded her guardian Thomas; atnd the peculiarly soli citous, respectful, and protec:ing manner which he exhibited towards her. 'Well,'well,' sighed Lamm, as he' walked away, " there is one outcome to the North case which I feel perfectly safe in predicting at the present time. These two people are in love. A curons match! To think that Thomas should meet his fate underasuch circumstances ! Well, well I Iwish I felt so sure of the rest as I do of them!" And John Lamm hastened back to resume the dropped thread of the case which was in. tensifyming in interest with every hour of inves. tion. IfI am rioht," he muttered, "I shall soon find that RichardI'etridge and that curious woman were in that house together." He went direct to his office and sat down at his desk.' CHAPTER XVII.-Fxacnos is Simc. RE. Mr. Lamm had hardly got comlortabl settled in his chair, and was meditating a loot OVer the public statutes to freshen his memory on acertain point, when his familiar announced that Mr. Thornton Stackhouse was in vwaiting. Thae broker showed in his care-furrowed face something of the effect of the strain he had been under; but until he' was alonre with the detective he maintained much of his accustomed decisalon of manner. Then be made no further effort to conceal his anxiety. "Mr. Lame," he said, eagerly benading over the tablaosid tapping it withl Lereous fingrers, "Lthis strain is bcomligr greater 'than.? can endeye, and I wdnt your. best advice what to You may command me." was the response, giten in by no means an unfriendly tone. "But bPuhlsbed by special arrangement with Messrs. sit down, sit down, and talk about the matter calmly." "Calmly!" Stackhouae smiled bitterly. "Yiou do not know what I have to suffer, man. The failure is bad enough: the distrust of me I see on every hand is hard to endure; but I could stand up against everything if I did not have trouble at home." There was a break in the man's tone, but he controlled himself in a moment, though he studiously avoided meeting Mr. Lamm's stead. fast look. "' My wife and 1 have had serious trouble. I cannot live here under all these burdens." " Women are odd sometimes," said Lamm, "but almost all of them have some weak spot through acquaintance with which they may be managed. It onght to e ýossible to effect a reconcilintion with your witse. Excuse me for speaking thus plainly, Mr. Stackhouos." "Ytou know neither the woman nor the cause of the trouble,"returnedStackhouie.'hurriedly. "However. this was notthesubject I camehere to discuss." "How can I assist you, AiMr. Stackhouse? Command me." "' Mr. Lamm, I hire every reoason to believe that'my stops are dogged-that all my actions ave spied upon. -If Igo in the Streets after dark, there is a man always just at my elboiw. If Intaike any Sudden movenmeont in the daytltng soniamebody' starts into life- in an undapeeted quarter, and is directly upon ny htelas,.This morning Icpened aetter. As Istood still to read it, I became aware that a facewas peering over my shoulder. -I timpd sgddenly, but-the man was qujite as quick..and passed on without looki' pt 'me.. Bat I was wpil aware that, I didso now see hits fqrtheofirst time.. All of which leads me to belleve that ram watched." "A logical conclusion, ir. Stackhouse." " Well, then," said Stackhouse, nervously, " what I came to ask you was this: Suppoqe I wanted to do so, what do you think of thd possibility of my getting quietly out of town?" The detective's warning finger was uplifted In an instant. "Don't go," pronounced Mr. Lamm, deci. sively. "By no means try to leave Boston," SYou mean it would be of no use for me to try," rejoined Stackhouse, dejectedly. ''I know I a being dogged constantly, but with your help, I thought-" "There would be no trouble in giving the slip to the men who follow you about," said Mr. Lamm. " You could get away from Boston easily enough. But you would be stopped by telegraph before you had gone forty miles. Come, Mr. Stackhouse, give up the idea of flight. It isn't like you to think of it. Stay here and fight your trouble out, manfashion, saying nothing, keeping. quiotly about your business. YTou miust not embarrass me, for one thing. l I am running down the guilty party, I verily believe." Stackhouse rose, clutching the table with both hands. "You mean it ?" he said, hoarsely. Mr. Lamm nodded with perfect assurance. "I do mean it,.Mr. Stackhouse. Now-yon have retained me in this case, don't spoil my work by an attempt to run away. ; It wouldnot only have a .very bad appearance, but. sadly. 'interfere with my plans. Stand firm. I know ou are havinug. a great deal to contend gith, ut it will only make matters worse to-well, suppose we say change your base of operations. Come ! Promise me that you'll quietly stay here in Boston until, at least, the North case ceases to be a mystery." The detective's hand was stretched out as he spoke, and soon encirclcd Mr. Stackhonse's palm. The warm grip seemed to put now courage into the man, and as he thanked Mr. Lanmm and went out, he seemed more like the junior partner of North and Stackhousao, in their. most flourishing days, than he had been for many a day. Mr. Lamin listened to the retreating foottep, and felicitated himself in having done at least one niece of good work. " t can't conscientiously say,r" he remarked to his reflection in the looking glaes, ".that I enjoy being retained by quite so many people in one case. Before this time I eoposted to be able to resign from one or the other; but I don't seem to be quite able to make up my mind. What with Kingman's prot-ei e and thias luckless man Stackhouse, I have quite enough to occupy. mymind and thought. BlutnowforthatApollo whop I suspect" Mr. Richard Fetridgo was found in his quiet i little office in anything but a reposeful state of "mind; and his books and papers were in great disorder. " Good afternoon, Mr. Lamm," said Mr. Fetridge. "Excuse the looks of the room, and 'find a chair for yourself, if you can. I've just, beei clearing up my Nicaragnua Midland account. A tidy sum I've dropped is that swindle. It's not the money 1 care about, but the being taken in so shamefully. North and Stackhouse, indeed! A nice meses that rascally junior partner has made iof it." Mr. Lamm acquiesced in look, but not in words, and then began to question his com panion about the details of the 'failure and its extent. "The creditors won't get ten cents on a dollar, sir." Richard Fetridge had repeated, these words with much emphasis, when a little dried-up clerk, who had been holding on animated con= versation in an undertone with some one in the passage, cam up with an nologetic air. ' "Vell, what's the matter, Olsen " queried' Fetridge, rather irritably. ' "Man at the door," answered the clerk. "Won't go away. Says he must seeyou. Very important business."y "What sort of looking man ?" asked the employer. "Rather disreputable, sir. Been drinkind. should say, but seems really to have buniness..' As if by way of emphasing unmistakably Mr.: Olsen's half-whispered words, an" unkemppt' head, with watery eyes, peered in through the doorway. - ' Mr. Lammw looked at him with mild curiosity, while Mr. Fetridge gave a start of recognition. "Good-d, sir,' said a 'shamb in. figure' that little by little gained a foothold wthin the room. "Mr. Fetridge, gcod'day, sir, I hope you are well, sir." Without awaiting an answer to these salutsa tions, delivered in rather a thick voice, 'Mr. Fetiidge moticned the clerk aside, nid said' to the detective under his breath SJuist go inside the office yondet a moment. I suppose I must ste this fellow; but I'll notbe long. inwardly wonderiog, Mr. Lamm suffered I himself to be introduced into a little. room with a window opening out upon .a wall, 'and furnished with two chairs, a deal table, :and several rows of shelves occupied by dusty books. ' There was a fanlight over the door that gave access to the larger office. This much the de tective know at first glance. " I must use that fanlight," he said to him self. " Thin proceeding of Fetridge as very curious. It may be only one of his whims 'he's a notional man, I can see. But, at 'any rate, it will do no harm to watch the interview. What can a well-to-do man like' Fetridge have in common with a fellow like that r" As Mr. Lamm asked himself the question "he noiselessly brought a choir to the door, and followed that proceeding with an equally silent transfer of severalbboks.' By' the.aid of 'tis. device the detective fioud himiself able to look' thrjeaigb'the fanlight unobserved, and "seon realised that he could hear as well as see. The unkempt head was unipleasantly sear Mr. Fetridge, as Mr. Lanmm looked in, and the expression of disguston Mr.Fetridge's counten. auce left eo rooms to doubt that he fully realised the fact. "I wan' ten doll'rs, en' I wan' it now," re marked the caller, thickly, but emuphiaticlly. " What do you mean t" returned Fetrtdgo, drawing awsj his arm. "Didn't you promise, on your honour, when. I gave you the money last time,' that you wouldn't trouble so again 1" There was a cunning look in the bleared, red eyes. ' "I was half full and don' remember what I said," he rejoined. "Dsu' case, any way. I wan' that ten doll'rs. and Inmost liave-it!" The visitor shook his trembling hand at Fetridge with an apology for a threat. Mr. Lamm, rather surprised, noticed that the buel. nest man did not openly resent his companion's tone, but stood there, evidently in much per. plenity of mind. "Come," continued the tramp, in louder' tones. "You can't frightei mel I know where yoe were that night-don't forget that!" Mr. Fetridge wheeled his importunate caller arounid and said, in apprehensiov warning " Hush ! Don't speak so loud! There are people within hearing!" " Hand over, then," answered the man, sullenly, "and muake no more hones about the matter, either !" Asif feerfulof some interruptilit, Ftridga iut some monny between the grimy fingers of his creditor and fairly poelus him out of the roam amid some mutterings which the watcher at the fainlighitcould not overhear. Mr. Lamwi had restored the books to thie shelves anid was sitting down, looking out imito the well. when Fetridge openod the door of the little offce. - - "lCowce in." he smid: "I've got rid of the fellow; used to be a gardener on my placeat' Swampecott, asid I put' ui with 'hla visits buecause he is reslly a capable man 'when not in l mm looked Richard Fetridge fullin the face. "When I am in a gontloman's employ." he began, 4 I do not feel that I have done my full duty as confidential detective if Ido' not warn him when he is treading on dangerous aground." Richard Fetridge grew a little red in the face. '"What do you mean?" he asked, con strainedly. "I mean that when a gentleman situated as you are pays blackmail to a man who looks like a dirty tramp-" Mr. Fetridgo turned upon him hotly. "This is going too far, Mr. Lamm; alto gether too far. It is none of vour business." "Pardon me," answered the detective very imperturbably. "Under these circumstances, Mr. Fetridge, it is my business to warn you, very emphatically, that your giving money to thisman here, justinow, was a very ticklish and dangerous proceeding.. You may ask how I know." " I do ask how you know," put in Mr. Fetridge, with anger and shame contending for theomstery." : "th was dangerous, Mr. Fetridge, because you are one ofthe parties under surveillance sunthis matter of the murder of Paul'North." '"What l'. '." )on!t. get excited, sir. .I am. simply stating .fact. You were the lest person-seen with: Pault '(orth, so :far asm the evidencemin hand'indlckftee. Consqueantl, until more is knownabout.this phase.of the case, you are under suspicion to a certain extent. Whether yoieknow.it or not, sir, you have been wdtched alnmost constantly." "Watched!" ejaculated Fetridge, now very pale. "Watched. By the police," pursued Mr. Lamm. "Now,. 1 have beep:frank with you, and you must be equally frank with me. ,How do you Imagine my serviIces as confidential detective can be of -value to you,. Mr..Fet ridge, if you do not give me your entire conS. deuce?" There was some answer on Mr. Fetridge's lips, but he could not' seem to givet utt .er. ante. Mar, Lamm pursuedshis advantage steadily. "Let me ask you one question. .You.paid blackmail to .that man bicause he kiiew that you had an interview with Paul North at his house the night of the murder. Am I not rigbt?" - Totridgestarted up. "I beg your pardon," he exclaimed," but you misapprehend the state of the case, Mr. Lamm. I did not pay the man because I feared to have the truth known on my account. I have kept silent on the subject oimply out of respect for the feelings of Mr. North's family." Somewhat enigmatical and.. u stisfaotory Mr. Lamm. thought this stateme. But he made no comment, and continued his. ques tioning. "If this is not a case of blackmail, Mr. Fetridge, why did you pay this man money? Do you mean to say that you were not at Paiul North's house that night?" Mr. Fotridge by this timne had regained his composure. o shave no hesitation in saying to youl that I was at his house that night," he answered. . The detective's face grewdark. " Why did you not tell me this? Why did you not make the fact known to the police?" "For the simple reason that the policehave not asked me." Mr.. Lamm tiok an impatient step or two around the room. " Mr. Fetridge, you are an enigma." he re sumed, rather sharply. "Perhaps.you will be good enough to explain why you permi tted the public to have the mnpreasion that you parted with Paul North for the last time the afternoon before the murder at the Old Stato House ?" " I had no idea or. suspicion that Mr. North had been putout of the way when I made that statement at the directors'- meeting," Mr. Fetridge explained. "lesidese, Stackhouse wasee there. Iwould not have let him know of my private conference with Mr. North fora great deal. And since the crime came out, I have been living in hope that you would discover the facts in season for me to keep out of any possible connection with the affair. I should have told you about it; I realise it now. But what'spact is past." Mr. tidge sat down resignedly. " Why di you go to Mr. North's that even ing ?" Mr. Lamm questioned, now quite un moved,:so far as outward appearance: was concerned. " To discuse a business matter." "AA queer. place !" Mr. Lamm spoke in a significant tone. "You think so? Yet I had peculiar reasons, and I, accounted them. weighty reasonas,.for meeting Mr.North at his house. My business was confidential, and could not be done at the office or in my place so well as at the house in Marlboro street." "Mr. North's partner was not a partner to the business in hand ?" Fetridge's eyes dashed angrily. "It would have been well if he had not been a party, to any of North and' Stackhonee's busine8s," ha said, with some bitterness of tone. "But this was a special matter. How. important it was you may judge from this fact -that if Stackhouse had found out North' was possessed of the. information I gave him, and did not know that I.knew it also, he would have an ample motive for committing the crime of which Ibelieve him guilty." Mr. Lamm looked at himcuriously "And you still wish to keep the subject of your last conversation a secret, even from me?" " Even from youen," responded Fetridge obsti nately.' "I must await developments, and I hope those developments will preclude the necessity of my speaking about the matter at all." "Bear in mind what I said to you just now about surveillance." Mr. Lamm spoke gravely. " You are liable to arrest at any time." Fetridge gave an incredulous laugh. "I don't think they'll arrest me," Fetridge answered lightly. Then, in more serious tone, " One thing I'll tell you, Mr. Lamm. To the best of my knowledge and belief Stadkhouse was in Paul North's house that night." .Something more than knowledge and 1 belief is requsuaite-evidence," responded Mr. i .Lamm rather drily. "There's much in this whole business that concerns you closely-more closely, perhaps,, than you think. At what time did you leave Paul North's house in i Marlboro streetthatnightt" " Between half-past 8 and a quarter to 9."' " Was there any one in the street or near by, i so far as you knowi?" " No one. But I had not gone for when 1 tiis fellow who was, here just now touched me on the shoulder. I turned round and re cognised him." "Oho Yi ou know him then ?" " Why, yes. He usedto beheadclerk in North 'and Stackhouse', oflice; got to spe:ulatina; waspinched in Nicaragu Midland; lost his little all; took to drink and so forthi I pitied the fellow, knowing howshe came to be down in the world, and occasionally gave thi, a little :." He wanted mnoney that night, of course ?" " Of course. I didn't fancy his having met' me at such a time and place, and as I handed him the five-dollar note I bade him not mention. htavig seen me.aHe readily agreed, and then Mr. Lamm pursed his lips together. " And. since then the fellow has been hunting you' for 'more money." "That's about the state of the case," answered Fetridgo, rather reluctantly. "You. understand, I thought it was cheaper to buy the man's silence, being sure that a few days would clear up this avlole matter." The detective ahook his head. " Very risky 'business, sir. But never mind that now. A few moments ago you said something about believini Stackhouee had been at North's house that init. Why ?" yF" returned Ptridge. " The outer door-the storn door-was unlocked when we came there. .Mr. North himself called my attention .to the fact. 'Itullo,' he said. ' Thornton is here probably.' I know it would never do to have that man overhear our con versatiosi, and we searched the house high 'nad low. Finally I was convinced that, though 'Stackhouse may have been there, he had gone away agasn. The idea that he might come back that night never entered my head. But I have no doubt whatever now that he didcome back, and that Thornton Stackhouse was the last person who saw Paul North alive." "sIndeed! Well, then, Mr. Fetridge, I must request a rosily to a questiol I asked you once before. What connootion had this Creole woman, Marie Hoisaot, with the case I" Fetridge started. "You told me once, I believe, that the medical examiner says that the murder was committed in the first partof the evening?" " Thank you. I wanted to be sure." "But what has this to do with the Creole I" Lamm masked~with soene impatience. " Oh." returned Fetridge, witran unsuccess ful isssumption of carealesnees, " I forgot. 'Excuse me. My mind wandered from the sub ject.:';'Ti Croole wosnasil She has no con. nection with the murder. That is quite im. poasible." "T~e~naonci more Itask you, plainly, who is :in StaI, then, 'plairiyt srom heril naoswernu. She wfas a foolish girl who believed too readily Iin Stackhonse. He parted from her and went on, and she, I suppose, had to suffer for ier credulity. But this was ten years ago, anl 'lie has doubtless forgotten her.' "Ah! Well, this brings me to another question. How comes Manrion Stackhouse to know of the existence of this woman i" " GoodheavDne !" cried Fetridge, excitedly. " She does not, does shoe" "I think she does," said Lamm, dreamily. " But passing that, since you do not know, we come to question No. 2. Why does Marion Stackhouse refuse to live with her husband since the murder ?" Fotridge flushed. " You will persist, Mr. Lamme for some strange reason, in assuming me to be in Mrs. Stockhouse's confidence," "I know that you are a friend of the family," said the detective; calmly. " Very well," said Fotridge, " Iglve you my word of honour that-I am- not in 'that lady's confidence. I have urged her to tell me her reasons. She declines to do it. I can only guess at them.. .ier conduct is significant enough to me that behbasby some means be. come possessed of evidence againsther husband. BDt what wife would acknowledge such a fact ?" " Ala!" was Mr. Lamm's only reply to this Interrogatoryi Neither Mr. Fetridge noc any. bid _-elstewould be likely to gain much infor. mationffrom, this." charaeteristic grunt, which was even:more than noncoinmittal ", By the way," said-Mr. Lamm, as he rose to go. ; :;" I alppose I ought to tell you that press of other businmess is liable to cause me to drop your work at short nticce, Mr. Fetridge. I had no ide, when I took the case, that it would last ýo long." "I hope not," said Fetridge, earnestly. "1 hope not, too," returned Mr. Lamm; " but I must say the case looks dubious at the present time. However, I'll let you know definitely very soon." "Confound that man," muttered the detective, as he went down the stairs. " It is not at all improbable that he may fild out some day that in dealing with a man of- my standing and profesien it will pay him to stick to the truth. One link snore in the chain of evidence, and then good-bye, Richard Fetridge !" CHAPI'TER XVIII.-M aaDAaE RAYrOeD. John Lamm, confident that a conspiracy was to be found at the bottom of the North cases was reasonably sure already of two parties thereto - Ma'ioni Stackhouse and IRichard Fetridge. Whether there was any. body else concerned he had not yet made up his mind. The plain vet puzzling- charge of Thornton Stackhouse in the letter to the Moissot woman, who seemed to the detective to have been created for the ektpress purpose of tantalising him with the elnigma of her -ex istence, indicated that Stackhouse himself had reason to believeo her the head anil front of all offence. Again and again John Lamm studied that letter, endeavouring to squeeze out of it the last drop of possible signifcance; but the'writer hadso well lchosen his words, with the evident purpose of making them unintelligibles to. a third person, that the detective was suspicious of what seemed the logical deductions there. from. One thing was certain. . Stackhouse ' charged Marie MIoissot (the ' person unknown'' ofMr.i. Lamm's notes) witllh having carried- to ' successful issue, on the IGth of June, a con- i -piracy to ruin him, and Mr. Lamm believed himself fully posecased of the unfortunate events which had overwhelmed the man during that day. . The discovery of this unique charge of murder written in Red .on the wall of North's library, he dslid not forget was not the only misfortune. . The extraordinary conduct of his wife was quite as serious to Stackhouse, I notimpossibly more so than this implied accusa. tion. To be sure, these two conspicuous facts. I seemed to be part and parcel of one larger fact, and- perhaps appeared to Mr. Stackhouso's . mind as one thing; but the detective was altogether too cautious not to have seen thstthbe letter might refer to either one of these i calamities. The problem inJohn Lamm's mind, therefore, stood in this wiss.: Q, Does Mr Stackhouse hold Mario Moiseot t responsible for implicating him in the murder of I his partner or in embittering his domesticorela tiones. 1 Q. If the fornmer were his belief would he not E hare acquainted me with the fact And as MIr. Lamm could not help answering the latter question in the affirmativo, he was still reasonably euro that.there was no evidence in his poseession of a-third party to the great " conspiracy " whiph was so puzzling him. Whence it seemed to be plain that his present duty was to contre his efforts upon the two eople whom he suspected-to investigate their adege thoroughly, to watch both of them with all ibie vigilance. keep Marlou Sackhouse underurveillance waqn a comparatively easy task. She had notc leftthe confines oflthe North estate, except on t the occasion of the funeral, since the discovery of herfather's death; and for a full report of her conduct fir the immediate present Lammti felt he could safely rely on the vigilance of t Moffott and Mollie White. But the movements of Richard Fetridgo were not so easily followed, C Consequently, John Lamm did not dare to trust this aparently mnost important task to any.. body ht himself and those under his active c adpe lson. t On the Wednesday when he received c Thomas's confidence in the Stella North affair, Lamna redoubled the safeguards and pre. cautions previously taken to assure himself of the integrity of Richard Fetridge. Not that he ignored other possibilities of investiga-. tion. Into the past lives of Stackhouso and t North and Marion he was already instituting the moetcarefulinquiries; butFetridge'scareer r interested him still more. W'ith that affable t gbod feltowship which made it possible for him I to' take friends with all sorts and conditions of men, he insinuated himself into the good graces t of Fetridge'sclerk, and learning that Olsen had c a' predecessor who had been discharged for taking too much interest in his employers' affairs, he hunted u that man, with what degree of reward will h hereafter recorded. He soon discovered that Mr. Fetridge had ceased to take active interest in legal work, that he bad but few clients, and that his chief business now seemed to Ibe to look after the investments of his large property. JohnLamm made arrangements to he accurately informed 1 from day to day of a fuill list of the millionaire's office visitors, especially of those whom he took i into his inner sanctum. and whose business with him appeared to be confidential. t It was in this way that he first became I informed of the existence of Madame Raymond. 2 Here is the report furnished by Richard : Fotridge's clerk, Olsen, late in the afternoon of Thursdays "About 3 o'clock a mighty pretty woman, whoso complosiou had evidenstlg been toned up by ertilicial eapedlents, aske , in a tone of authority, if Mr. Fotridgs was in. I said 'No;' butshe might espect him in a few minutes. Wouldebo sit down snd wait? She would. She drew her chair up near the window, and looked ontiall the time. It struck me she was careful not to turn-round weheni anybod in. I may be wrong, but it ercurred to at tlsatesho did this so as not to let, her fare be seen iby any chance visitor. b an It wassamething like tlhirty minutes before the bass appesred. As soon as she heard his -voice she turned round. The boss gase aetart. 'Why, Radame Raymond,' he said and sler prised enough he was. But he hulrried ler toweards his private office, saying something iii a low tone, and looking over in my direction. But you maybelieve I was adding up a column of fig res just at that time. "Well, the two were closeted an hour together and then the woman came out. AlwSays the politest of men is my boss when a good-looking lace is about. Hio danced attendancr on her, and I heard him say, as he took her hand at the door: "'Have no anxiety, my dear madam. Every thing is being carefully looked after. Trust me to see that all comes out right.' -" And that was the last I saw of the woman." Mr. Lamm, with hia ecaerness to get at the case only intensified by tdese incomplate and unsatisfactory disclosures, requested his in. formant to let him klour the insstant that unknown woman appeared in Fetridge's office aie was prolared fssr an indeln'ite period -of waiting, ansd the arrival of this brief message the morning of thle day after hse had- given these last iinstructions, camo as a pleasant surprise: " She is here !" With all speed the detective made his way towards the sutbatantial brick busildi'g where llichaid Fetridge.wass usually to be found diuring bussiness hours on say weeklday of the. year. Waiting in the quiet corridor, Mr. Lamm found the place almost as deserted this summer morning as if it were a bank holiday. But the eoho of a door closing on the flight obove, and the sound of two voices, one of which was .certainly Fetridgo's, in amicable conversation, soon demansdsed his close attention. It was a womani's voice that spoke the only "goodbhoy" that camq unmistakably to the ears of the detective; nsd. a woman's light step heard en the stairway gave him assurance that the msysterioud - Madame IRaymond was coming his wisy. \--- alight~built, willowy woman, this, thought Mr. Lamm, a: het watched her pass near: at hand, hia.own - presence entirely unnoticed. Prett; an olive complexion, a little too much " made up;" large, lustrous eyes, black bairc (her ownanndonbtedly), a very graceful figure. Altogether, as Mr.'Lamnn summed' up thb oesa, an :attractve. brunette on, the sunny' side of thirty, with something of a foreign ir Iabout ier.; Assuredly a visitor to Boston, wherever horn andbred. . Tha.tgraeefnl figure, well sat off by a coquettialht bonnet, which; like the .summer rap'bad pleseast contrast of colouria it, fittd through the street,. .Followed:by more than one admiring glance, the lad*; was followed 'also by Mr. Lame, though not one of the many 'acquaintances with *honthedoetotitB esehanged a bow and a pleasant word would have suspected the fact. 'Madame. Raymond, hailing a South End car, and taking a seat with dainty supervision of her skirts, loooked at the shop windows past which her route took her with languid curiosity. Mr. Lammu, two seats behind, did not seem to notice her. Madame Raymond left .'.he ear at a. shady crossing; and Mr. Lamm, having seen her on to theb footpath and well around the corner, swung ot' th cear.ihi.i turn and quite casually walked up the street which the lady had traversed just betfore Mr. tamm was going by a modest-looking house, with a high doorstep, just asn Madame Raymoad.was rsingig the bell.-. Sihe was ad mitted ins moaoont, and. Mr. Lamm still walked on, turning the corner and taking a meditative promenade down a dusty avenue for a little distance. But the now invisible magnet still drew him to that guiet little street and to the ninth house on the right in a distractingly regular row of highly respectable-looking dwellings.. " A boarding.houso," commented Mr. Lumm, as he leisurely looked at the windows on his way up the steps. " No need of a sign to tell that fact." In his suave inquiry regarding eligible lodg ings, the careworn landlady who opened.the door took an instant interest. She liked the man's face, as she confided an hour later to an intimate friend in the millinery line,. who chanced to call. " We have a very good room b eck, up one flight sir : quite near the bathroom." Al A !" T'he caller seemed to be considering. " I'm a quiet man of business, you understand. No gay roysterers, no noisy lodgers, no piano thimplnngat midnight, I suppose 1 "n1ear me, no isr," the iandlady assured him. "Fact is, we're rather erpty n'ow. Only two clerks, very nice, steady young men,' on the third floor, and a transient, a lady, who occupies the parlour bedroom front, second story. "'Sho's not musical "9 " I think' not, 'sir. She's not sung since she came hero, to my knowledge, a week ago last Wedneeday, Ithink it was- e, lamsure, for the man was sent in to whiten' the walls that day, and that is how Icame to remember it.2' "Lady a tiransient, you say. Stranger, then, of courso?" ' ".It's her first visit to Boston, she tells me. She-lives in New York, and is here. on a.little business. . Settling up an estate, .I think, though she's not said so in just so many words." "Ah ! Well, in that case, she can't have many frietnds to call on her in the evening, and chatter, chatter, giggle, giggle, for hours together P" The lhndlady smiled and shook her head. Lamm resumed, in a very friendly, off-hand fashion i You.see, ma'am, I should be quite near her room it I concluded to come here, anid as I'm a quiet man and go to bed early,l dontt want to be kept awake by late and noisy callers or.any other lodgers. That was thie objection at my last place, maam." The landlady smoothed her apron compla cently. "'No such difliculty here, sir," she said with cnildence. 'Why, Madame Ray mond has only had one caller since she's been 'here, and I don't know as. you can call it a caller either, for hie merely came. home witll her the evening of the day after the lady took the room here. Yes, it was Thursday week. I noticed him.with her at the door when I an swered her ring. . It was after 9 o'clock, and I had got woarried abot her, being astrangerand so.on, oin that I was very glad to see .she had company. i My brother,' he slaid to me, anda nice appearing gentlomanhe was. I Iliked his. 'face. Well, he came in did.li had 'a quiet, talk with the lady-a talk that you couldn't hear an inch outside the room, and couldri't posasibly disturb anybodly. Madame Raymond has been out once or twice, but no one else ha3 called on her, and I am sure that nothing she and the brother could ay, it he should come to see her agaio,'coild posibly disturb you, sir. Mr. Lamm was very fer indeed from sharing this opinion of thie lady who so desired his presence as a lodger.' But his face wore a look of entire, unqualified assent. He asked to see the much-commended apartment, "hack, up one flight," approved its arrangements, and declared the prico very reesodible. But the best guarantee of his satisfaction was that he actually decided to take the room at once. A week's rent in advance was deposited in. the landlady's willing hand. Mr. Lawns took a receipt for the money, with a latchkey rolled up therewith, and, saying that he might come iu to occupy the room at any thue, bade the woman "good day," and went towards his offico with thoughts in plenty to occupy his attention. He had quite made up his mind that it was high time to come to a thorough understanding with the man to whose cause he had almost determined to exclusively ally himself- Thorn ton Stackhouse. Something aboutthoman had excited his eympathies from the first, and he never felt more kindly disposed towards him than on the present occasion. IHe looke& into his haggard face anxiously, and after that look he did not need to hear the man speak to know that be had come to make some important dis closure, (TO so coNiSu'Eo.) MAJOR PANITZA AND THE RUSSOPHILES; (TUE OEsTURY MAOGAZLiE.) At present in Bulgaria there are, first, the IRussophiles, who, as Potko Kardveloff says, " pray for the time wheniBulgaria shall march i into Salonica, while Russia marches into Con stalitinople," and who believe the Czar to be their siatural friend and ally, with the only i hope of settled peace in his protectorate. Secondly, the royal oppositionists, headed by MI. Radoslavoff, who would support the prince willth certain conceessions, but who detests his advisers. And thirdly, the sympathieers of i Major Panitza, the murdered patriot, who was 'ae lot by the order of the bloodthirsty Ferdi nand, the scoundrel Stamboloff, and the 'Vaurein' Moutkourov." The most active and I aggressive of alltheso ' traitore," as Stamboloff calls them, are the friends of MajorPanitza. Their sympathy is not to be wondered at, for the circumastbnces surrounding Panltza's arrest and execution had not only been horrifying to his friends, but to many of his enemies us well and anllhad been shocked at the brutal haste with which the death penalty had been in flictod. This young oficer, a devoted adherent of Prince Alexander, had served with distine tion in the Servian war2 having led one of the famous charges at Slivnstca. After the abdica- I1 tion of Alexander and the acceession of Prince I Ferdinand, he had taken the oath of fealty to the new repime, although he had never been a a warm admirer of the prines. Becoming res less under what he considered the despotism of Stamboloff-a man whom he knew thoroughly, being his own relative- and believing that th only salvation for his country layin Russian isterference, lie had joined hands with a Rul ielan spy. Kolobkoff. in fomenting discord in the I army. Unluckily his own lottere, carryng un mistakable evidence of the plot, fell into the I hands of Stamboloff himself, resulting in his immediate arrest, trial, and condemnation by court martial. In consideration, however, of his former distinguished services to the State, the Court urgently recommended the commu tntion of the sentence to banishleentor ispri. sonmont. It is greatly to the creditof Prince Ferdindnd that-he was stronsly inclined to giant the appeal and to spare Panitn. He, itn fact, held out for moro than a ireek against the conmbined assaults of Stamboloff and his brother-in-law, lMoutkonrov-then the Mfinister of War--and it was niot until hiePrimeoMinister threatened the resignation of the entire Cabinet that he finally yielded. There is evepn i story 'current that when this threat failed Stamboloff followed the king to Lsom Palanka with the death wasrrant in his hand, and that when lie still hesitated that implacable dictator ro marked sententiously :-" Sire, Major Panitza dieson thi morrow. If you continue to object, thereis always one thing we can do for yoear .Majesty.ws can always buy you a firsc-class ticket to Vienna." a In a Scottish regiment at the battle of Waterloo the standard-bearer was killed and clasped the colours so fast in death that a sergoant, in trying to no purp~so to resoue Sthem, on the near approach of tlhe enemy made I a violent effort, and throwing the corpso. s colors :and lall, over his ,shoildeshe, sarrid s them offil together. The Freach, seicng'sthee, were charmed - with the hesoism of thoe- ction, t and hailed it with louad clappings andrapeatd t shouts of applause - SLAW8tO' LP USU, s8OOTOB r W31 &K3Y.; 