The Special Holiness Meeting. [From Tuesday's Argus.] Unless it were for the title, and perhaps an additional infusion of excitement into the pro ceedings, there was little to distinguish the special holiness convention held yesterday in the Exhibition Building from any other of the meetings of the Salvation Army. The same shouting and singing, the same efflorescence of gesture, the same exhorting and testifying and band playing, the same utter absence of any fixed' order — these were the prevailing features of the convention. And like all the gatherings which have marked the advent of 'General' Booth, it remains a practical impossibility to tell with any cer tainty when the convention commenced, whether it did or did not continue without pause for the whole of the day, or that, but for the necessity of closing the building, it would ever have left off. Nominally it should have started yesterday at 3 o'-elock, -but for at least an hour and a half and possibly longer before that time the place was crowded to suffocation point, the sale of tickets was almost discon tinued, and the Aide of songs, prayers, and exhortations was in full swing. That 'General' Booth came in at 3 o'clock and left again shortly after was, so far as anybody, could see, merely an incident in the history of the convention. The 'General35 had another tremendous reception, and at once the vast audience broke into Psalm 45, ending with the favorite Salvationist chorus— Let me, .Tesus : let me, -Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know redemption's plan, .Fuller know redemption's plan. They sang it possibly half a dozen times, each time -with greater strength, of lung. But loudly as they chanted they could not satisfy the ''General,' who standing in front of the platform marked time with outstretched arms, abandoning himself entirely to the ex citement of the moment, in striking contrast to his demeanor of the previous two days. This was not the ' General ' Booth of Sun day or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in his atra-Salvationist mood. 'Again, again,' he shouted. _ ' Let me fuller know re demption's plan ! Sing it again, but not 're demption' — salvation ! Let me fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to trust the blessed- Christ this evening— if you burn to have Him blot out your guilt — sing it again.' And the audience, obedient to the cry, took up the burden — Let me, Jesus ; let me, .Je3us, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know salvation's plan, roller know salvation's plan. 'No, no,' the 'General' cried, ':I am not satisfied. Everybody wants to know about Jesus this evening and to have more salvation than they ever had before. If you don't, what did you come here for? Why else did you leave your business and your shops ? Who could ever have expected that anybody at all Would leave their homes on a Monday after noon. If anybody had said so a month ago you would have said 'Nonsense.' Some of you have travelled miles, and you're going to have something for it, or else you've thrown your fare away, you know, and you'd better go home again and look after your 'business. You want salvation or you'll never enjoy religion. There was an old woman once who said, ' What, me enjoy religion ! Why, I never knew what it was to be miserable until I got religion.5 The leason was she didn't get enough of it. Let's have more of it. (' Amen.') Everybody wants more of salvation. So sing it again, sing it again, and everybody hold their right hand up.' They sang again after this and they saug it ?with the loud pedal on, every right arm ex tended at length and every foot in the hall keeping time to the thunder of the big drum. Then says the 'General/5 'Let us all pray,' and as the audience fall on their knees he adds, with a keen glance that sweeps the building from floor to galleries, 'Pray — uot look about. The devil always looks at a meet ing when it is praying and sees how many are helping him and now many axe helping Jesus Christ. He takes notice of those that keep their eyes open. Shut your eyes or else he'll put you down in Ms pocket-book.' Then a hymn, ' All the Way to Calvary,'5 and the 'General,' after reading from St. John, 12th chap., 23rd verse, plunges into a, characteristic address on the Christianity of Christ. To be entitled to call himself a Christian a man must live the life of Chris tianity. He must have the same purpose in life that Christ had. For Jesus Christ had a ruling purpose. He did not come here to keep a shop — nothing of the kind. He did not come here to discover a gold mine — nothing of the sort. He did not come here for pleasure. No ? no ! no ' How ever, people will ask, can you make such insinuations? He did not come to glorify Himself— to dress Himself, to paint Himself, to curl His hair, and cringe and crawl and stalk about in order that people might think a lot of Him. Again, people cry, 'General, General, please give over talking in that line — it is disrespectful to my Saviour.' No; He came here to save souls; He came here to save your eouL {' Glory,'' ' Blessing,' 'Praise,' 'Hallelujah.') The 'General' goes on anew and as he proceeds the excitement grows more and more intense and the '* Hallelujahs' fall thicker and faster. ' Are you a Christian ? Is He the ruling purpose of your life? If you have got the spirit of Jesus Christ you are a Christian. Axe you a follower of the Bleeding Lamb ? Are you on His side ? Then you can call yourself a Christian. Everybody who thinks so say 'Amen.'55 And the audience unite in one mighty 'Amen.' 'Here is the proof,5' the 'General' goee on, 'in the Bible — your Eitle. This is not a Salvation Army Bible— v-\s it is ; it is my Bible, blessed thing' — a'.id the 'General' presses it affectionately ta his bosom. 'This is the Eible that you read, and swear by, and quarrel over, and which you expect you are going to be judged by on the last great day. This is your Bible, and I ask you to listen to the words that you knew from childhood. This is what it says:— 'The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, although He was rich — a millionaire — yet for our sins He became poor that we through His penalty might become rich.' ('Hallelujah.') Have you got that spirit? You may be a member of a church. I believe in being a member of a ehureb — a good member, aad a working member, and a paying member. You may have got a creed. 1 believe in a creed — f believe in what I believe in. ('Hallelujah.') That is my creed. ('Glory.') You may have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have a ceremonial ; we belong to the High Clr.uch. (Laughter.) I believe in a ritual and vestments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is on the Lord's side. You may have ex citement— I believe in excitement. I do. ('Glory.') I don't think much of people who are not musical and not excitable — they may be very good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the Salvation Army. (Laughter.) I like a man who can fire up — a man who has got a temper — a good temper, though. (Laughter.) I believe in excite ment and I do like to get up tbe excite ment here. ('Halleluiah/) Talk about the excitement of Melbourne— What is it to the excitement of saving souls ? (' Glory.') Talk about Eight Hours Day ! I'd like to make it four-and-twenty hours. I'd have an excite ment that would shut up the shops and stop the factories, and dose Government House, and put the Governor down to the humblest individual in the street. (' Hallelujah.') I'd like to have one great, bletsed, glorious excite ment that would sweep over everything— (' Glory') — and that would take every man :ind every woman and sweep them away before it, away into the Kingdom of God. ('Halle lujah.:)' By this time the excitement is neariag its tension point. Women are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men, with the porsp- ra- tion rolling off their faces, are following ev :ry second word with hoarse murmurs of ** B ess the Lord,' 'Glory,' and the like. 'j.'he 'General' himself lias altered the pite;; of his voice by half atone, and is talking v.zxr not in the even, monotonous drawl of the earlitr part of his address, but with a raoid and nervous utterance — harsh, almost metallic, in effect. With constantly increasing speed he goes on : — You may have a correct creed — no doubt the devil is the c-orrectest theologian in the uni verse — you may go to church, you may servo in the army barracks, you may enjoy all the pleasures of Bible classes and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you mike Jesus Christ's purpose your purpose, and Jesus Christ's life your life, I don't see how yon can call yourself a Christian man or a Christian woman, and I cannot, and I say it with all reverence — I cannot see how, with out these attributes, Christ himself could have claimed to be the Messiah. It was when He came down to sacrifice Himself for me and you that He became Christ. ('Hallelujah.') And to follow Him seems to me the only ground on ?which a man can claim to be a Christian. Where are you ? If you are right may God confirm you. If you are iu the main right may God make you wholly so. May He endow you with Christ-like spirit and sseal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not then, Jesus Christ is here to give Himself away. ('Hallelujah.') ' Behold I stand at the door and knock.' (': Glory.55) Open the door and'He will go in. Now comes the climax. The audience have lost all control over themselves. They hang on the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the 'General,55 with both, hands uplifted high above his head, goes on— 'The time is now. Now, now, now. The time is now for the salvation, for the baptism, for the purifying flame. Burn out anger and envy and temper. (' Yes.') Burn it out. (' Amen.5') Everybody who wants it say amen. ('Amen.5') Say it again. ('Amen.5') All this is going to be. Everybodj'whobelievesitsayamen. ('Amen.') And may the blessing of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost be upon every man andlwoman here.55 The 'General' finishes in the midst of a 6cene of hysterical excitement. He goes away and some of the people follow him; others remain, for how long it is hard to say, but at 7 o'clock a meeting — apparently the same meet ing, is in full swing. Anyway, there are the same 'staff officers and 'Hallelujah lasses' on the platform, the same tremendous audience, the same band, playing as vigorously and earnestly as they were three hours before. The 'General' arrives at a quarter to 8 o'clock, meets with the same tremendous reception, and goes very much through the same programme. His speech, though in some respects different, is on the whole a fairly complete reproduction of that of the afternoon. But in the evening's proceedings there is one great and striking difference. The afternoon was the sermon. The evening is the application. 