Evict! ng a Ghost. Alxoft cvory town or village has its haunted houe, and tiic settlement of Wamia, in India, was no exception. Here a nniubcr of Kuglish oflficers and their families live during the wanner months, rctnrniug to their respective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauehamp's hnac was haunted was circulated by a scraant. He was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noise. The door-bell nas ringing violently, and n stniggling, OTitliiug noise in the wall of the house — not in one place, but in acreral at once, and then he heard n long-drawn fiitrh. This wns the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and roused him. vowing that the place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters Ptood in this shape for some duvs, when one morning n party of jugglers reached the hanntod house. As there were n number of children in tiic family tlie performers were in vited into the grounds nnd gave an entertain ment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oral backet having an orifice in the top, and seating himself near it began to play a quaint atr upon a flute. After industriously plavitu? for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of the cobra, and when 12 or 15 inches above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the xnrapureof the music. After the snake dance — or tlie snake charming," as Europeans are wont to call it — the Indian snake-clmrncr walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by n rabbit. To one of the natives he said lie \- would take nut a cobra which hu thought was in tlie hole. Seating hirnseli before the hole tlie magician lx?gau his mournful plaiut. For 15 roinfltcs lie kept up the noise, nnd then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the baseoi tlie wall of the honso. Tlie man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the jcr- fonner before a most remarkable noise came ; from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping f team ; then a sound of some great body striking the. wall and rubbing against, the timbers. I)ast in clouds came from the hole, and the 44 charmer" started baek in terror, over turning the man behind iiini. Recovering him self, he dancd at the hole nnd, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, hut the tail of a large snake. Astonishment was depicted on tlie native's face and horror on those of many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of the tail, and live feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage be shouted in Iimdustancc for the L'i'ikcrs-on to stand back, and, taking a good £tip upon the tail, he pulled graduallv back ward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet — eighteen, was tlurc no end 7 — 18 feet of quivering snake-flesh as large as a tnnn's thigh. A qiiivk rerk and the entire monster was clear — at least twenty feet in length — big enough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, tint in the least discouraged. He : clung to the tofl aud as the hug»: reptile turned toward him with an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowlv- Gradually be increased his speed, turning faster nnd faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, tlie spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid , was the motion that the snake's bodv was per fectly ftraighf , and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was &afo;, but if the monster could reach him he would in a moment be crushed in tlie liorriblo folds of the reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew wluit he was about. Xnt far frnm tlie house -stood a stout flagg-staff e foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, and toward this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When , lie was within 25 feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike the bead of the reptile against the pole. Nearer be came, whirling faster and faster, until the reptile stood out like a whip lash, and then, with a quick step forward, he brought the head of the reptile against tlie wood -with a crushing sound. He released His hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds rf dust into the air, finally dropping limp and Jifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the ' ghost." 