AMUSEMENTS. ; THEATBE ROYAII. ; Another large and! well-pleased audience ' witnessed the repetition of "The County Fair" at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, wjlen the piece went very successfully throughout, and the great race scene at the finish was re ceived with rounds of approbation. The same piece will be repeated to-niefht. THE "GONDOLIERS." An opera season will be opened at the Theatre Koyal on Wednesday, September 16, during which two operas new to Adelaide audiences-Gilbert & Sullivan's," Gondoliers'' and Fariiie & Planquette's "The Old Guard" will be presented by Mr. J. C. Williamson's Royal Opera Company. The box-plan for the first night will be opened at Marshall's at 10 o'clock this morning. SATUBDAY POPULAR CONCEET. : The last of the series of. Saturday night popular concerts is - announced for Saturday evening next. The, programme is> unusually attractive^ , all the leading local musicians taking part. The management are thus able to give a programme of concerted- music; both vocal and instrumental.. This being positively the last concert this season ; should attract, a large attendance. - . . > STACEY COMEDY COMPANY. . . - ' The Stacey Comedy Company, who will open next Monday at Garner's Rooms with that old Adelaide favorite "Hans the Boatman," will ^arrive from West Australia by the Cuzco this morning. . The company's _efforts in thai colony met with most gratifying results, the business in all parts being excellent, and no doubt these old favorites will meet with " an-enthusiastic, reception on reopening here. A Tail? TO THE EASTWABD. The Rev. A. C. Sutherland, B.D., delivered a lecture in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Ade laide, on Tuesday evening in connection with the local branch of the Caledonian Society upon a recent trip to Queensland. The rev. gentleman graphically described the many things of note he witnessed while on a visit to that colony, and also spoke on several matters connected with the adjoining province. He concluded by appealing to his hearers toadopb a friendly spirit to the residents of the sister states, putting aside all petty jealousies, and remembering that they were one race, speaking one mother tongue. A vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer. MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. Mr. Bousmard's illusion is still a source of attraction in Hindley-street, the audiences being sent away quite as much puzzled as when it was first produced. 