THE ROUT OF THE WHITE HUSSARS. Bi EUDYARU KIPLING. (fdom " plain taxes fbom the hhxs.") Some people hold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. This is a mistake. I have seen four hundred aud thirty-seven sabres flying over the face of the country in abject terror — have seen the best regiment that ever drew bridle wiped off the Army List for the space of two hours. If you repeat this tale te the White Hussars they will in all probability treat you severely. They are not proud of the ii'cid t& rYou may know the White Hussars by their ' side," which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this is not a sufficient markj you may know them by their old brtedy. It 1 has been sixty years in the mess and is worth going far to taste. Ask for the " M'Graire' ' old brandy, and see - that you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you axe uneducated, and. that the genuine article will be lost on you, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when: you are at mess, you must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-distance rides. The mess are very sensi tive ; and if they think ypu are laughing at them, will tell you so. As the White Hussars say, it was the colonel's fault: He was anew man, and he ought never to have taken the command. He said that the regiment was not smart enough. This to the White Hussars, who knew that they could walk round anv -Horse and through any guns, ted over any Foot on the face of the earth! That insult was the first cause of offence. Then the colonel cast the drum-horse— the dnup-horee of the White Hassars! Perhaps you do not see what an unspeakable crime he had committed. I will try to make, it clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the drum- horse who carries the silver kettle-drums. He is nearly always a big piebald Waler, That is €» VA AlUAAVUa J A) 1 -""TrlfV vv OjICUU anything you please on a piebald. Heis bevond the ordinary laws of casting. His work is very . light, and he only manoeuvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so long , as he can step out and look handsome, his wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. -The drum-horse' of the White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and perfectly equal to his duties. He had at least . six years more work in him, and carried, himself with all the pomp and dignity of a drum-major of the Guards. The regiment had paid l,2U0rs. for him. But the colonel said that lie must go, and he was cast in due form and replaced by a washy, bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a ewe- neck, rat-tail, and cow-hocks- The drummer detested that animal, and the best of the band-horses put back their eats aud showed the whites of their eyes at the very sight of , him. They knew him for an upstart and no gentleman. I fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to the band, and that he wanted to make it take part in the regular parade move ments. A cavalry hand isa sacred thing. It only turns out forcommandingoffieera' parades, and the bandmaster is one degree more im portant than the coloneL He is a high priest, and the " Keel Row" is his holy song. The " Keel Row" is the cavalry trot ; and the man who has never heard that tune rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of the regi ment going past the saluting-base, has some thing yet to hear and understand. When the colonel cast the drum- horse of me wane nussaxs, mere was nearly a mutiny. The officers were angry, the . regiment were furious, and the bandsmen swore — like troopers. The Drum-Horse was going to be put upto auction — public auction — to be bought perhaps by Parses and put into a cart! It was worse than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world J or selling the mess plate to a Jew— a black Jew. The colonel was a mean man and a bully. He knew what the regiment thought about his action; andwhen the troopers offered to buy the drum-horse, he said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regula tions. But one of the subalterns— Uogan-Yale, an Irishman — bought the drum-horse for 160rs. at the sale ; and the colonel was wroth. Yale professed repentance— he was unnaturally sub missive—and said that, as he had only made the purchase to save the horse from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now shoot him and end the business. This appeared to soothe the colonel, for he wanted the dnuu- horse disposed of. He felt, that he had made a mistake, aud could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of the ctfam-horse was an annoyance to him. Yale took to himself a glass of did brandy, three cheroots, and his mend Martyn; and they all left the mess together. Yale and Martyn conferred . for two hours in Yale's quarters ; hut only the hull-terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees knows what they srid. A horse, hooded and sheeted to bis ears, left Yale's - stables, and was taken, very un willingly, into the Civil lines. v Yale's groom went with him. Two men broke into the regimental theatre and took several paint pots and eome large scenery brushes. Then inght fell over the Cantonments, and there was a noise as of a horse kicking his loose-box to pieces in Yale's stables. Yale had a big, old, white Waler trap-horse. <Tho tiotJ; /Inr txraa o. Thnrailo v iVo auu vuc uiciif hearirgthat Yale was going to shoot the drum- horse ui the evening, determined te give the beast a regular regimental funeral— a fin«V one than they would have given the colonel had he died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds aud mounds of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried out to the place where the anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of the regiment follow ing There was no band, but they all sang "The Place where the old Horse Died," as something respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was dumped into the grave and the men began throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farrier- sergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, " Why, it ain't the drum-horse any more th"" it's me !" The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left his head in the can- ' teen. The farrier- sergeant srid that he knew the drum- horse's feet as well as he knew his own ; but he was silenced when be saw the regimental number burnt in on the poor stiff up-turned near-fore. Thus was the drum-horse of the White Hussars buried ; _ the farrier-sergeant grum bling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black print ; and the farrier-sergeant drew attention to thia fact. But the troop sergeant- major of" E. Troop kicked him severely on the shin, and told him hat he was undoubtedly drunk. Oh the Monday following the burial, the colonel sought revenge jtrathe White Hussars. Unfortunately, being at That time temporarily in command of the station, he ordered a brigade field-day. He said that he wished to make the regiment " sweat for their d d insolence," and be carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of the hardest days in the memory of the White Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushed forward, and withdrawn, and dismounted, and " scientifically handled" in every possible fashion over dusty country, till they sweated profusely. Their only amusement camp late in the day when they fell upon the battery of Horse Artillery and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, and most troopers had money on the event ; the gunners saying openly that they had the legs of tl e White Hussars. They were wrong. A. marcn- past concluded the campaign, and when , ti e regiment got back to their lines, the men we; e coated with, dirt from, snur to chin- strap . \ The White Hassars have one great and p iculiar privilege. They own it at Fontenojh x think. Muyregimente possess special rights such as wearing dnisrs with undress uniform, or a bow of ribbon between the shoulders, or red and white roses in their helmets on certain days of the year. _ Some rights are connected with regi mental saints, and some with regimental suc cesses. All are valued highly ; but none , so highly as the right of the White Husiars to have the band playing when their horses are being watered in the lines. Only one tune is played, and that tune never varies. I don't know its real name, hut the White Hussars call it, " Take me to London Again. " It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner be struck off the roster than forego their distinc tion. After the " dismiss" was sounded, the offi cers rode off home to prepare for stables; and the men filed into the fines riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shifted their helmets, and began to joke orto swear as the humour took them ; the more careful slip ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper yalaes his mount exactly as much as he values himself, and believes, or should believe, that the two together are irresistible where women or men, girls or guns, ar concerned. . Then the orderly-officer gave the oraer, " Water horses," and the regiment loafed off to the squadron-troughs which were in rear of the stables and between these and the barracks. There were four hngh troughs, one for each squadron, arranged en eeJielon, eo that the whola ' regiment could water in ten minutes if it liked But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while the hand played. The hand struck up as the squadrons filed off to the troughs, and the men slipped their taflt, ftllt.af win ctt— i nine amj aiia ffml an aii The sun was jnst setting in a big, hotbed of red cloud, and the road to the civil lines seemed to run straight into the sun's eye. There was a little dot on the road. It grew and grew till it showed as a horse, with a sort ot gridiron- thing on his back. The red cloud glared through the bars of the gridiron. Some of the troopers shaded then: eyes with their hands and said, " What the mischief 'as that there 'orse got on 'im ?" In another minute they heard a neigh that every soul — horse and man — in the regiment knew, and saw, heading straight towards the band the dead drum-horse of the White Hussars! On his withers hanged and bumped the kettle-drums draped in crape, and ou hisack , very stiff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton.. The band stopped playing, aud, for a moment, there was a hush. Then some one in E Troop— men said it was the troop-sergeant-major — swung his horse round and yelled. No one can account exactly far what happened afterwards; but it seems that, at least, one mail in each troop set an ex ample of panic, and the rest followed like Sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered ; but as soon as the band broke, which it did .when the ghost of the drumrhorse was about a furlong distant, qll hooves followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede—quite different from the orderly throb and. roar of a movement on parade, or the rough horse-play of watering in camp — made them only more terrified. They felt that the .men on their hacks were afraid of something, When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. Troop after troop turned from the troughs and ran— anywhere and everywhere— like sprit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses were in all stages of AflflftlAfiB fltlfl 4na ' Aatihinn "Krirtlrofo n . -wj www i mu miuv nuvnow AAyij/uig against their sides urged their horses on. Men were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull clear of the band which was being chased by the drum-horse whore rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. The colonel had gone over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and . the subaltern of the day was preparing to go down to the lines, and receive the watering re ports of the troop-sergeant-majors. When " Take me to London Again" stopped, after twenty bars, every" one in the mess 'said, "What on earth has happened?" A minute later, they heard unmilitary noises, and saw, far across . tite rd∈, the White Husar&scatr; tered, and broken, and flying. , - The colonel was speechless .with rage, for he thought that the regiment had risen against him or was unanimously drunk. The band, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its heels laboured the dram-horee — the dead and buried drum-horse — with the jolting, clattering skeleton. Hogan-Yale whispered softly, to Martyn— "No wire willstand that treatment," and the band, which had doubled like a hare, came back again. Bat the rest of the regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had shut in and each man was howl ing to his neighbour that the drum-horse was on his flank. Troop-horses are far too tenderly treated as a rule. .They can, on emergencies, do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long this panic lasted I cannot say. I believe that when the moon rose the men saw they had nothing to fear, and, by tyros and tnxees ana nan-troops, crept back into canton ments very much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, the drum-horse, disgusted at- his treatment by old friends, pulled np, wheeled round, and trotted np to the mess verandah- steps for bread. No one liked to run ; butno one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's foot. The hand had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel caUed it, individually and collectively, every evil name that occurred to him at the time; for he had ret his hand on the "bosom of the drum-horse and found flesh and blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with his clenched fist, and dis covered that they were bnt made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, he tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, hut found that it had been wired into the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis and his knee in the old drum-horse's Btomach, was striking, not to say amusing. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, .and threw it down on the ground, say ing to the band — " Here, you curs, that's what you're afraid of." The skeleton did not look pretty in the twilight. The band-sergeant seemed to recognise it, for he began to chuckle and choke. " Shall I take it away, sir ?" said the hand-sergeant. "Yes," said the colonel, "take it to hell, and ride there yourselves!" The band-sergeant saluted, hoisted the skeleton acrosB his saddle-bow, and led off to the stables. Then the colonel began to make inquiries for the rest of the regiment, and the language he used was wonderful. He would disband the regiment — he would court-martial every soul in it — he would not command such a set of rabble, and so on, and so on. Ab the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free, speech allowed even to a colonel of horse. Martyn took Hogan-Yale aside and sug gested compulsory retirement from the servica as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn nrofl fho vaflrnr tnnn nf turn TTbckjti.VoIa put up his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that lie was the son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as innocent as the babe unborn of the theatrical resurrection ot the drum-horse. " My instructions," said Yale, with a singu larly sweet smile, "were that the drum-horse should be seat baric as impressively as possible. I ask voti, am I responsible if a mule-headed friend sends him hack in such a manner as to disturb the peace of mind of a regiment of Ber Maj esty ' s cavalry ?" Martyn said, " Yon are a great man, and will in time become a general ; but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of this affair." Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Yale. The second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein the subal terns of the White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths on the colonel's part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented the Ecare as the work qf some trooper whom it would he hopeless te detect ; and I know that fie dwelt upon the sin and the shame of making a public laughingstock of the scare. "Ifoty will call us," said the second in command, who had really a fine imagination — " they will callus the 4 Fly-hy-Nights;' they will rail us the < Ghost Hunters;', they will nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders understand that the offi cers were away when the panic began. For the honour of the regiment and for vour own sake keep this thing quiet." The colonel was so exhausted with auger that soothing him down was not so difficult as might be imagined. He was made to see, -gently and by degrees, that it was obviously impossible to court- martial the whole regiment and equally impossible to proceed against any subaltern who, in hie belief, had any concern in the hoax. "But the beast's alive! HVs never been shot at all !" shouted the colonel. " It's flat flagrant disobedience ! I' ve b nown a man broke for less — damn sightless. They're mock ing me, I tell yon, Mutman ! They're mock ing me !' Onee more, the second in command set him self to soothe the colonel, and wrestled with tiim for h»lf an hour. Atthe end of thattime, the regimental 6ergeaut-major reported him self. The situation was rather novel to him ; but he was not a man to be put out by circum- stances. He saluted aud said, " Regiment all t come hack, sir." "Then to propitiate the A ' " colonel — " An' none of the 'orses any the | worse, sir." . The colonel only snorted and answered — " You'd better tuck the men into their cots, then, and see that they don't wake up and cry in the night." The sergeant withdrew. Wis little stroke of humour pleased the colonel, and, further, he felt slightly ashamed of the language he had been using. The second in command worried him again, and the two sat talking far into the night. Next day but one, there was a commanding officer's parade, and the colonel harangued the White Hussars vigorously. The pith of his speech was that, since the drum-horse in his old age had proved himself capable of catting ap the whole regiment, he should return to his post of pride at the head of the band, but the regiment were a set of ruffians with bad con sciences. The White Hassars shouted, and threw everything movable about them into the air, and when the parade was over, they cheered the colonel till they couldn't speak. No cheers were put up for Lieutenant Hogan-Yale, who smiled very sweetly in the hack-ground . Said the second in command to the colonel, unofficially — " These little things ensure popularity, and do not the least affect discipline." " But I went back on my word," said the colonel.' " Nevermind," said the second in command. " The White Hussars will follow you anywhere from to-day. Regiments are just like women. They will do anything for trinketry," A week later, Hogan-Yale received an extea- ordinary letter from some one who signed him- 8611 QcCtcwicy f viitUny aBmiccUg o i and asked for " the return of our skeleton which we have reason to believe is in your "pos session." " Who the deuce is this lunatic who trades in bones ?" said Hogan-Yale. "Beg your pardon, sir," said the haud- seraeant, " hut the skeleton is with me, an' I'll return it if you'll pay the carriage into the . civil lines. There's a coffin with it, sir." . Hogan-Yale smiled and handed two rupees to the hand-sergeant, saying, "Write the date on the skull, wUl you ?" If you doubt this story, and know where, to go, you can sec the date on the skeleton. But don't mention the matter to the White . Hussars. i happen to know something about it, be cause I prepared the drum-horse for his resur rection. He aid not take kindly to the skeleton atalL " 