Battle in the Clouds. L-4--- Spectral Armies Fighting for an Hour and a Half. \---+++ The Paris correspondent of the "Now York Sunday Mercury" says: Considerable excitement has been oc. casioned near Metz by the appearance of spectral phenomena of a most marvellous character. The phenomenon was firstvisible on the evening of May 3, 1891, when a num. ber of working men passing along the high way observed what at first sight appeared to be asmall cloud passing over some meadows near by where they were going. Their coriosity was aroused by the near:ees of the cloud, when, to their astonishment, the dense, dark mass gradually disintegrated and spread over a large area, the matter of which it was composed gradually assuming the shapes of men, horses, artillery, and all the paraphernalia of actual warfare. The peas ants stood entranced, watching the my sterious phenomenon, and were witnesses to a battle royal which continued with the most amazing exactitude of military detail for about an hour and a half, when darkness came on, and the spectral shapes gradually melted away. The phenomenon was wit nessed by over 100 people in all, and has wrought such a sensation in the district that quite a panic prevails, it being believed that the apparition is an omen of approaching war between France and Germany. A number of intelligent and trustworthy people, including a couple of priests, have come forward and atested to the genuineness of the facts given. Scientific men are now busy explaining the causes of such appear ances, which they attribute to certain photo. graphic qualities of the trans-atmospheric region, where, they claim, are stored phan toms of everything imaginable that has in habited the globe from Adam down to the present time-where the history of the world is written, or rather represented, spectrally -a limbo of phyeical creations, which serves as a museum of natural history and anti quities to those who may be able to go there and see it; just such a place as Rtokin, in fact, would consider the ideal Paradise. It is thought that by some refractive qualities of the atmosphere these spectral pictures are made visible to the eye occasionally, but that theyaremere hadows of past occurrences, accidentally disclosed to the vision of those who happen to be in certain vicinities at a certain time, and that they have no more meaninc than a mere echo, they being, in fact, echoes of bygone things. The present occurrence is by no means the first of the kind recorded, previous mani festations of the kind having, it is supposed, inspired the myths on which the old Hellenic religions were founded. In some cases spectres of men have been seen whose heads almost reached to the clouds, but this is merely caused by the mag nifying powers of the atmosphere. Scotland. which, by all accounts, is one of the greatest ghost-seeing placas on the earth, has had maniiestations of a similar kind one in particular being recorded with gseat precision, and upon most reliable authority. This took place on a summer's evening in the year 1743, when a oervant of Squire Wren, of Wilton Ilall, saw a party of horse. men pass along the road and disappear up the mountain side. He searched for days in the hope of finding them, but could not even find the footprints of the horses. When he told his story, the gillie was laughed even out of his own belief in the story. A year later, however, the same man beheld another spectral tableau, and happening to be in the neighborhood of one of his master's friends, another laird named Lancaster, he asked him to go and witness it. Upon their arrival at the spot where the apparition was visible, several other persone were already congre gated, and what they witneEsed is described by those who saw them as follows : " The equestrian figures seemed to come from the lowest parts of Souterfell, and became visible at a place called Knott. They then advanced in regular troops along the side cf the fell till they came opposite to Blake Hills, when they went over the mountain, after describ ing a kindnt curvilineal path. The pace at which the figures moved was a regular swift walk, and they continued to be seen for up wards of two hours, the approach of dark ness alone preventing them from being vis ible. Many troopse were seen in succession, and frequently the last but one in a troop quitted his position, galloped to the front, and took up the same pace with the rest. Tire changes in the figures were seen equally by all the spectators, and the view of them was not confined to the farm of Blakehills only, but they were seen by every person at every cottage within the distance of a mile, the number of persons who eaw them amount ing to abriut;26. -The attestation -of these facts, signed by Lncaster and Stricket, bears the date of July 21, 1785. It is, therefore, scarcely likely that the manifestations wit nessed near Metz amounted to anything in particular from a prophetic point of view, al though a rather sensationalstatement, which has appeared almost simultaneously, will doubtlees make many think that the long looked for European war is close upon us. This statement is to the affect that a docu ment has been discovered which forms the basis of the treaty between France and Bussia, and which discloses the exact man ner in which Germany is to be divided up between these two powers in case of hr de feat. The arrangement is that France is to tackle Germany single-handed, which she desires to do to regain her military prestige, and that in case of possible failure Russia is to come upon the scene and end all doubts about the result. Although, on the face of it, only a canard, this story is being seriously discused by leading French and German journals. Tsr last of the Borgias, who count several popes cardinals, dukes, and other august perseoages among the members of their once famoss family, has just died in poverty and want, in a little Tyrolese village, where his widov is recommended to the charitable pub. lie in the local newspapers. in 1671 one of the Eorgiae was canonized by Pope Clement X. ;less than a century later Don Alberto Caliso Borgia, the Spanish Ambassador, was the onest brilliant courtier at the Court of Char?s Vl. at Vienna. Since then fortune has aot smiled upon the Borgiasn; and the last ef the noble race, Iaron Frederick Calio Blorgia, whohas just left "this mortal lif,'huas been starving for the last 20 years asu sgpoor village paotographer, '58 