OUR STRANGE TLSHOR. —— - ! <\- Yes, I've had some queer experi ences in California," said Tow Barber, as he sat- smoking his pipe in the hack room of a Sntier-stxeet saloon, the other night " but the oddest and most startling was an incident that happened some twelve vears ago in Hendoeino County. 1^ vr?s staying a few days with some mends who had lately purchased the old Brown Baneh, on Dry Creek, some twelve | amies horn Cloverdale, on the TJkian; rodd- The place had been christened Craigyhnme, as, under the Brown ownership, it had been a sort of wayside j,m and the headquarters of a desperate "ang of stage robbers, who for several vcar3 made travel on both sides or the Kustian Biver far from safe. At roe time of which I speak, however, the had been broken for some tune, and two of them were then serving long sen tences in the State prison at "Folsom. In order to banish these sinister antecedents the former owner had changed the name of the place. It was a queer, rambling old house, containing some eight rooms besides tlie kitchen and outhouses, and was more than suspected of bong haunted- Old like the Hacdoualds. declare that more than one traveller had entered that house in former days never to come out alive, and the two young Englishmen who owned the place when I stopped there declared that they had often heard noises for which they could not accoun - These usuallv consisted of the rustling of alwoman's dress and stertorious breathing which at night seemed to be close by the bedside- - - , xi It was a dismal winter s insht, and roe min and sleet swept down the canon in fitful «msts. while Drv Creek added its roar and rush to the howl of the tempest. Inside we were comfortable enough, as a huge log blazed in the open fireplace; Wall had our pipes going, and a demi john of first-rate Scotch whisky, with lemons and sugtr. stood upon the table, while a larse kettle steamed and sang from the crane. , It was prettv nearly ten o clock, and we had discussed the "ghost question to wnm a length that we were all more or less "worked up." _ , ,, I>'t us take a good, stiff nighicap, said COX, " and then to bed and defy the "dblius." v He -vnts jnst in the act of hrvv> xii£ the ghost dispeller, when bang came a knock at the front door, which opened into the road. "\Ve all started, more or less, and Osx spilled some of the boiling water on a sleeping collie, which set up a howl that sidded to tlie confaaoii- I rushed to the door, -while Offer, with a hrnip in his hand, stood behind me. As opened the door, some wet, clammy object fell into my anus, and the lamp blowing out at the same moment, the situation was, to say the least of it, somewhat appal ling- Offer relit the lamp, and then we discovered that I held in my arms the lifeless body of a young woman. Her face was pale as death, her eyes were dosed, and her long black hair hung in wet, disheveled masses around her shoulders. She had neither hat nor bonnet on. and her dark dress clung to her body Eke a winding sheet. Carefully we carried her into the warm room. and"placed her on the sofa-_ She -was alive, for we could see her iwscia rise ami fall as she drew quick, short breaths. "We took off her dripping shoes and placed hot bricks to her feet- and .-Tctfpd her hands until there was some warmth in them, and they began to relax their clenched grip In about half an hour her eves slowly opened, but there seemed to be no in telligence in the vacant stare. Suddenly a happy thought struck Cox. and he poured out a small glass of whisky and placed it to her hps. She sipped a little and it seemed to revive her wonderfully, for passing her hand to her forehead, she held it there a few seconds, and then sat up. _ -* "Where am I r" she gasped, as she looked at the surroundings Eke a frigh tened deer. " Yon are at the Craigybourue ranch, aud among friends." explained Offer, " and when yon feel better you will per haps tell us what we can do for you. In the meantime keep still and try to drink a little of this whisky," and he placed the "hiss to her lip?- She drank a few she breathed strongly and with regu larity. We concluded it would be best to let her sleep on, so, covering her w-th a law blar-kct, and leaving one of the jiarty to watch her, we went to bed. It was now nearly five o'clock in the inoniing, and as I fett_ too excited to sleep, I"volunteered to keep watch. Day was just- commenting to struggle through the heavy clouds when I heard someone shouting from the other tide of the swollen creek. I put on my hat and walked down in the direction from which the voice came. Arrived at the creek. I saw an old gentleman with a double team. He seemed very much excited, and wanted to know if the stream was fordable- I pointed out the shallowest place and he crossed, though the water washed the bed of the buggy, and the horses were once or twice off their feet. As soon as he was over, he pulled np his team and said; "Have you seen any thing of a young lady dressed in black." I told him of our strange visitor of the night before, and he nearly jumped out of the buggy with joy and surprise. *- And tire is alive and safer The lord be praised 1" he exclaimed. I told him all the circumstances connected with the ■CTiyil-tr occurrence, and, tying Ins team up onttide. he entered the room where our visitor lay. She was still fastatieep, and deeming It best not to awaken her. the old gentleman told me the following almost incredible story. " The young lady you see there is my youngesti in fact, only, Irving daughter. Vr name, by the bye. is Dacre—Thomas Dacre—and I Eve ten miles this tide of XJkiah. _ Blanche, that is my daughter"s name, is a confirmed somnambulist, but has hitherto only walked short distances. Yesterday afternoon she complained of feeling unwell, and went to bed about four in the afternoon. Uy wife went into her room at five o'clock to take her a enp of tea, and found the bed empty. Her hat was hanging on a peg. bnt she had evi dently got up in her sleep, dressed her self and started off in the pouring ra-n. 3JIy house is surrounded by thick brush, and through tins she must have gone." Here we noticed thaiher dress was nearly torn off in several places, and that her face was badly scratched. It is iicarly tweuty miles to my place as the crow 'files, arid she must have come across lull, creek and dale, without striking a road until close to here, as I inquired all along. Here the young lady showed signs of -waking, and I hurried upstairs to tell the boys the news and to leave hither and daughter alone so as not to needlesriy cmbarrass the poor girl. "We heard them talking together, and when ~e finally came in, found Hiss Dacre wide awake and moderately calm. Her father and herself accepted a cup of coffee, and left for home, the old gentle man being grateful in the extreme for what little we had done for his daughter. He invited ns all ±c his place. I did not go, hut lioth Cox and Offer did, and the former was so struck with Hiss Dacre a beauty aud accomplishments that lie married her a year after, and is now the happy father of three bouncing hoys, j Hrs Cos has never walked in her tieep since that eventful night. Cox, however, when only old friends are around, some times chaffs her about it, and jokingly deelares that it was the best walk she eve: took, awake or asleep." " What do you do with that base-ball niaticr" IVLy.-Johnny is verybadsome times. and tlie only closet 1 liuve to 'shut I.itii up in is where the preseresare. Iput the mask on him with a lock, and the preserve are safe." 