IRISH FATRIIas. Ghosts and goblins still lire and rule in the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in remote places, but close even to big citio3. It is down West ward among the deep bays and mountain valleys o( Sligo that I have heard the best , tales and found the most ''ardent 'belief." There, many a peasant dreams of growing rich by finding a fairy’s crock of gold, and many, a peasant’s daughter trembles as slie passes some famous- haunted hillside, and goes oyer in her mind the names of men and women carried off, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported to have been attempted. A1 little girl, who was at service with 'a; /armor in the village of Grange, smldcnlj disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because.it.wa3 rumoured that the fai-. ries had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold iter from them, but at last they prevailed, nod he found' no thing in his' hand’ but abroonlslick. The local constable was appliod' to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at tiie same time advised the people to burn all the Imcalaims (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night burning them, tiie constable repeating spells tho while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on. a fairy horse. At last she saw a big river, and tiie man who tried to keep her from being car ried off was drifting down it—such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour — in a cockleshell. Brides and new-born children are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do not escape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodare, and when she came home after seven years she had no toes—she h3d danced them off.—JP. B. Yeats, in the Leisure Hour. -: 