IBSEN'S PLAYS. To THE EDITOR.' SIR-Some truly than I expected, this controversy on Ibsen has become a battle of words. I now find myself in the unfortunate Quixotic predicament of having to. fight windmills, which I mistook for giants some days ago. It is hardly fair to fight a man who has nothing but words to defend himself with. But 'tMN."" has attacked with them, so he can not very well expect to be left in the illusion that he has said something exceptionally pointed, nothing being less true than this. His remarks which are made with an air as if he were well acquainted with modern European literature, with Ibsen's plays, and with Ibsen's person, are written in utter ignorance of all these. With the calmest assurance he denies the fact that these plays have excited a great deal of hostile controversy in the Continental press that their performance in Continental towns has divided the public into two camps. I need not tell the well-informed reader that so far from the interest having " been confined to certain literary sets, chiefly amongst English people," the Continental papers without exception have discussed the matter at great length. With the contest assurance, " M.N. " writes about Continental literature and one of its greatest figures, not hesitating even to cast insinuations at the head of a man whom he knows no further than by name. In doing so he shows a perfect absence of acquaintance with the nature of the persons and things concerned. " This is a money-making age, so perhaps ' poor Ibsen ' has, in his own interests, chosen the most successful course." Now, if no insight into the higher motives of a great and sincere author existed to prevent the utterance of this vicious insinuation, the man might at least, have known that in the thinly-peopled countries of the far North a literary career is, under the best of circumstances, not a very paying affair. But he evidently thinks that Ibsen has all his life been writing I" catering " as he calls it) for the British public. That word "catering" is characteristic of the man, and reminds me of the old saying, " Stuffing is for the geese." Such geese as " M N." prefer the untruthful stuffing of inane "moral" literature to the hard lessons of a man who has probed the wounds of social life.. Such lessons were taught also by the great Teacher of all Christians; but there are Pharisees in all ages., Another cackle of the same tribe shows his ignorance by naming Ibsen and Zola in one breath. He needed but have added " Shakespeare and Moses, to have some more authors' who dealt with subjects that children ought not to read about. Who told " M. N." or S W." that they ought to take their children to the plays in question P Let them think themselves very happy if their own benighted minds ban derive some education, some perfection of their moral ex- distance," from them, for truly, like the Bible and like Shakespeare, this sort of literature is meant for men and women in search of truth, and not for children. " women and women of the world, much, of what Ibsen depicts is well-known." There lies the error. "S.W." evidently imagines that all this literature consists of Zolanesque pictures. No, worthy i'S. W.,">< most men and women do who know the evils Ibsen deals with in their true character, and it is his merit to have shown them thus. And as to your and "MAN'S" dabbling in idealism, here is an idealism infinitely elevated above yours that of the good attainable by man if he will, but see and correct his faults.-? -As is remarked' in the leading article in your . issue of Monday last with Carlyle and other great thinkers' Ibsen has this in commons that his ideal conception of the, possibilities in man makes present imperfections the more visible to him. I see that I have, after all fought v my windmills in real earnest. Perhaps it is better so ; they might otherwise be thought some bodies, like imaginary ghosts, until we go for them. Another time if they are of no better quality, I will wait (till there are several of them, and despatch them in a batch.' " _ , " Jl' Yours. etc, I VERITAS. 