MUSIC IN NEWCASTLE. Our city and district have a world wide reputation for mineral wealth, and those visitors who, so to speak, "come and go" invariably associate the name Newcastle with visions of enormous seams of coal, miles of heavily laden coal trucks, and rows of magnificent steamers and sailing ships taking their turn at hydraulic cranes, which can load them at a rate not to be surpassed in any part of the world. But how few of these visitors give us credit for possessing a love for the beautiful, and a high appreciation of the finer arts. Take music, for in stance. Is there a city in Australia (outside of Sydney or Melbourne) which can lay claim to possess a greater amount of musical enthusiasm and vocal ability than Newcastle ? We doubt it. The reason of it is perhaps difficult to trace, but it is none the less apparent to those who really know us. Go where you will in the outlying districts, there is scarcely a township that can not boast of its choir, music class, liedertafel, or society, while in the city we have a musical union which has already done good work, and which is now making a departure from the usual lines of oratorio and cantata by producing an opera-that selected being none other than Planquette's masterpiece, "Les Cloches de Corneville." It is, per haps, an ambitious work for amateurs to attempt, as the music is both sparkling and vivacious, calling ior the exercise of considerable skill and vocal power in its interpretation, as well as no small amount of dramatic ability. However, from personal ob servation of a recent rehearsal, we have little fear of the result, and we predict a pleasant surprise and great musical and dramatic treat for the public of Newcastle. The plot of the opera may be shortly stated. The Marquis of Corneville and the Count de Lucenay, proscribed nobles (attainted for poli. tical reasons), fly from France. The latter leaves his daughter Lucienne and his property in charge of Gaspard, a miserly steward, who brings up the child as his niece under the name of Germaine, and conceals the treasures in the vaults of the deserted chateau of Corneville, scaring away visitors or intending tenants by reports that the castle is haunted. At the opening of the opera a number of village girls and men are on their way to the fair. Among them is Serpolette, a waif, and maid of-all work to Gas pard. She is leaving his service in disgust, and is joined by Germaine, whom Gaspard wishes to marry to the Baillie, a pompous, meddling fellow. She is betrothed to Grenicheux, a fisherman, who, as she supposes, has saved her from drowning. but her deliverer was in reality, Henri de Corneville, the young Marquis, and captain of a privateer, who is return ing to claim his title and possessions. At the hiring fair he meets Germaine, and hears the legend of the Bells, and engages, Germaine, Ser polette, and Grenicheux as servants. The second act takes places in the halls of the Chateau of Corneville, where the Marquis makes two discoveries first that Germaine is the maiden whom he rescued from drowning; secondly, that the Count de Lucenay placed his infant daughter in Gas pard's charge. Serpolette imagines that she is the child in question, and determines henceforth to live as becomes one of her exalted rank. Grenicheux is disguised in armour, and is set to watch for in truders. The Miser appears, play the ghost, and gloats over his gold; but a ghostly chant is heard, the rusty bells toll, and mailed spectres (the dead lords of Corneville) appear and advance upon the wretched Gaspard, who sinks terror.stricken upon his gold. The third act unravels they mystery attached to Germaine. Gaspard, in his lucid intervals, own that she is not his niece, but Lucienne de Lucenay. Serpolette is undeceived as to her real rank, and is obliged to resign her borrowed plumes. Grenicheux is forced to confess his fraud, and the betrothal of the Mar quis and Germaine is heralded by the chimes of "Les Cloches de Corne ville !" The dialogue by Farnie is identical with that adopted in the production of the opera in London, where it created a perfect furore. The opera abounds in melodies of the most beautiful description, while the choruses, notably that in the fair scene, are masterpieces of choral writing. The situations are particu larly striking, and the ensemble at the conclusion of each act, assisted by the picturesque dresses and stage appoint ments, is calculated to fairly arouse the enthusiasm of the public. The humorous characters, the Baillie and Gobo, are in the hands of two well known citizens, and will be productive of much merriment; while the part of Serpolette, abounding in perfect gems of inspiriting music and literally brimming over with fun, is given with an amount of chic and verve that will ensure to the talented lady ex ponent something approaching an ovation. The lovely music assigned to Germaine is rendered by a young lady possessing a singu larly fine soprano voice, and this role could scarcely be in better hands. The other prominent charac ters are Gaspard, Grenicheux, and the Marquis, and the somewhat difficult music and dramatic situations cast for these gentlemen are inter preted with intelligence. and strik ingly good effect. Altogether, the production of " Le Cloches de Corneville" is an event for New castle, and when we consider that something like 100 performers take part, including an orchestra of nearly 30, it will be realised that the task of the conducter, Mr. A. W. Juncker, has not been altogether a sinecure. However, nothing is now required but the finishing touches to ensure a brilliant success, and we think we may fairly anticipate events by congratulating the society upon its enterprise and perseverance in pro ducing a work which is bound to take a strong hold of the public, and which, when rendered in the style already foreshadowed, can only bring credit to the members of the society, and assist in building up the high reputation already attained by the Newcastle Musical Union. 