win i wii©w, I OR. THE BRIDE OF THE ALPS. ciiaater xxi (Contiuued.) "does ite suspect ?" " I am getting morbid," he said to himself. " I am allowing myself to dwell on the memory of my dead friend, until the whole world seems to revolve around tlat one axis. The impossible grows probable, and the real melts into a dream. I'll go to bed and .sleep over it. If a thing is simply and utterly impossible, where is the use of troubling one's self any further about it ? And perhaps my cobwebbed brains will be clearer to-mor row.' Lady Ikola Rutledgc was sitting before the fire /in her own dressing-room that night, with Adrienne brushing out the silken luxuriance of her long hair, when Ethelinde ran in to return a jewelled tiara belonging to her cousin, that she had worn during the evening. "Why, Isola, what .is the matter?" she cried " Are you ill?" For, with the illusive brilliancy of her ewels and roses gone, the girl was as white as a ghost. "Iam glad mademoiselle notices it in my Lady," said the officious Adrienne. " I beg, I implore my lady to have a little red-lavender water — a few drcps of vinlerifin — a composing draught, in short. For it is plain that she have over-exert herself. Sec how she is p.tle." " It is nothing," cried out Isola, im patiently — " nothing at all. I am tired — but I shall sleep very well — run off, if Adrienne will ever let me get to bed." "You are sure that you feel quite well dear Isola ?" tenderly questioned Ethel inde Berkeley, laying her hand on Isola's. " Entirely sure." Isola had thrown a careless lightness into her VGice which quite convinced Linda that her ,appre- , hensiohs werc in vain. " Then good-night," said Ethelinde, pressing a kind, cousinly kiss on Isola's cold lips and leaving, her to herself. Be Lady Isola's assertion that she should sleep 'was devoid of truth. All the brief remainder of the. night she tossed to and fro, without closing an eyelid. She was weary and needed sleep, but the mind would not let the body rest' Does he suspect ?" was the question that she asked herself, over and over again. " Does he suspect ? At one time I think my manner convinceckhim that he had been s tartlcd by a merely accidental resemblance. But then, again, the mys terious allusions to Valgrun — the questions ibout Switzerland — what did they mean ? Has Bonato Seigredo betrayed me'? If so he had better never have been born than to cross ftiy path again in this life. Has he any reason for hunting me down ? or is our meeting bul one of the many caprices of 'Fate. Khez/f/J' suspect, how shall I best evade h|m ? What course of policy wqre ii bettej fijr me' to p'ursure ?" Heretofore'- the career of the young adventuress had been one uninterrupted series oT triumphs ; but at last she was beginning to taste something of the bitterness that invariable lurks in the cup ot deceit. chapter xxii. edmund atheliiurst's story. Mr. Athelhurst had;. hardly completed his late breakfast when a pencilled and perfumed card was brought to him by the waiter. "From Lady Sylfant," he said to him self ; and he read, not without a thrill of satisfaction, the following words: " I shall call at the abiding place of your divinity to-day at two o'clock. If you wish to accompany me, come to Sylfant House at (that hour. — Ever your friend. "elspetii sylfant." " I shall not fail to be punctual at the tryst," he thought ; and at two o'clock hej presented himself at the handsome old family mansion in Park-lane. "Well," said her Ladyship, laughing, " have you slept off any of your infatu ation ?" " On the contrary," he answered, " I am more anxious than ever to see more of this beautiful Lady Isola Rutledgc." Lady Sylfant shook her head. " I warn you that it is of po use," said she. How-do you mean ?"„ " Cannot yourj own powers of obser- B— — CTB—— B— a— g— mmm « fiuimaac vation convince you that St. Manfred is deeply in love with the starryeyed brunette ?" asked Lady Sylfant. " Every man's time must come, sooner or later," philosophically remarked Mr. Athelhurst. " Are you ready f" Then permit me to hand you down stairs." The ladies were at home in Grosvenor- square Lady Isola, as beautiful and self- possessed as ever, but not for a second did she relax the vigilance ol her guard upon herself or her watch upon the man whom she now regarded as Iter deadliest enemy. " It is war to the end," she thought within herself, "and I will conqueror or I will die." Athelhurst was determining on a sharp and sudden effort of strategy, which should effectually settle the vexed ques tion of identity in his mind. Something had been said of Lord St- Manfred's estates in Devonshire — some casual remark which afforded the requisite opportunity, and without a second's hesitation Athelhurst turned to Lady Sylfant. "You were speaking yesterday of a fine old Devonshire family," he said — " the Stuarts of Russetlands." "I believe that I made .some allusion to them," said Lady Sylfant. "They are particular friends of yours I believe. Indeed, I remember once meeting Cap tain Stuart, a harfdsome, light-haired man. " "You will never- meet him again," said Athelhurst, slowly and impressively. " I heard last autumn that he was dead," said Lady Sylfant, with the indif ference with which we all speak of the decease of our mere casual acquaintances. " Did you hear the circumstances of his death ?" Lady Isola grasped the handle of the dainty mother-of-pearl fan wiih which she was toying so spasmodically that one of the sticks snapped in two, but she never stirred an eyelash beneath Athel- hurst's falcon gaze. "No. Was there anything specially interesting in them ?" asked Lady SyL fant, while Ethelinde Berkeley, who had once met pretty Alicia Stuart at a cro quet breakfast, leaned forward with blue inquiring eyes. " To me — yes, " Athelhurst slowly answered ; " for he was the dearest friend I had in the world. Moreover, the whole thing was one of those life tragedies which sometimes occur in our midst worthy of recollection. Were you ever at Valgrun, in the Bermese Alps ?" There, was. a universal movement of negation. "We spent the summer together there, he and I, and there he fell in love, with the innkeeper's daugther — a beautiful young girl something in the style of ' Lady Isola Ruthledge." He looked straight at her as the. spoke The telltale colour mounted to her cheek. " Pray spare us these unwelcome com parisons.," , she exclaimed. " I beg your pardon — I. meant no comparison. I merely said she was in your style — a brunette, with large, lus trous eyes, and manners fatally fascin ating. " Why fatally ?" asked Linda. "You will hear. I did my best to break the spell, but to no avail. Finally I left Valgrun. A few weeks subse quently I . received a letter announcing his marriage to this beautiful siren, and' entreating me to break the tidings to his mother and sister. Almost simultaneous with this letter came the tidings of his sudden death on the Jungfrau, where lie his remains, uncoffined aud unsepulch- red." " And his wife ?" eagerly exciaimed Lady Sylfant, deeply interested in the tale. " She has disappeared, no one knows whither/ and Lady Isola, you are ill,. Let me ftng for agl'ass"of-wa.t£r." Lady Isola tried to smile. She istrug- gled vainly to utter a disclaiming rejoinder but e\ en as the utterance trembled on her lips she fainted, white and seneless, like a block of sculptured marble. Mrs. Berkeley looked almost reproach fully at Athelhurst. " She is so delicate, so sensitive, poor darling," said she, hastening to support Isola's lovely drooping head upon her arm. "And your tale was so startlingly tragical." (To be continued.) 