LOCAL 2TET7S. ? o ? Aoeictotubai, Sooipry. — The firat meeting of the newlyrijlectod committee of the Shoalliaven A. & H. Association will bo held at the Kowrn Public Hall on Thursday next, 16th inefc., when a Presi dent and twu Vice-prcsidonta wiH be elected by ballat Business Ciianob. -Mr. E. 0. Gksaon. has purdinacd tile tdbnecanist and hair OresBing ttusine's hitherto carried on by Mr. Cohen in Junption-at, Nowra. Vide ndvertbement. Kiama Sbkep District.— Tho undor jnontioncd guntleinon have been appointed directors fur tho Kinnia Sheep District, which embraces Shon.lhn.ven i — Sheep ; Messrs. G. Hindnmrsh, G. Somerville, J. T. Cole, T. Armstrong, John James. Pastu.ro : Messrs. D. L. Dymock, H, Fredericks, T. Brown. Eiaua. Again !— Thero has been an other elopement in the town of ghosts and municipal bungling, the daughter of a well-known sea-captain having skiddadled on Monday morning, last with an equally well-known resident of tho town, by occu pation a carpenter and builder. Tt\ey were married in the aftcrnoont Mr. Morton at Milton,— After Mr. P. H. Morton's address at Milton on Wednesday evening last a voto of confid ence in the membor was proposed by Mr. T. Hobbs, seconded by Mr. Chas. Murray, nnd carried unanimously. The member's address occupied two hours in delivery, nnd there was a crowded uudience. Mining.— A mineral lease of 40 acres toy A. H. W. Hill in parishes Dangera ? and Ettrema (YalwaJ) will bo declared void on Friday next, 17th inst.,-flnd the land thrown open for fresh application. A gold-mining lease of 26 aorcs in parish Jerrioknorra (Nerriga) is now ready for delivery to J. R. Filetyond and others, And one of 3 aorcs parish Meangor* (Norriga) by P. J. O'Neill and another \- lias boen approved. A gold-mining lease of 6 adres by VV. Filzhcnry in parish Danjera (Yalwal) will be declared void on Tuesday next, and. tho land again thrown open. Correction . — Tho Rev. .1. Best has Asked us to correct an innccurncy which appeared in a report of the Chnrch of England Easter meeting published in last Saturday's issuo, whereby ho was made to say, in acknowledging a vote of confidence, that 'ho knew ho made mistakes, but when he did make n mistake lie knew he made it by the Grace of God, and ho did his best to make amends.' The report should have read thus : — ' He knew he made mistakes. But whon he did make a mistake, he sought by the Grace of God to do his best to mako amends.' Debate at Berry. — On Tuesday oven ing last Messrs. E. G. Wilson, Z. G. Bice, and W. P. Blackmore, as representatives of the Noivra School of Arts Literary and Debating Sooiety, proceeded to Berry and engaged in a very animated debate with three dialecticians of tho instituto in that township, Messrs. F. Powers, J. PerkinB, and James English, the question discussed being 'Should the Australian colonies have a voice in the appointment of their Governors. The Berry delegates took the affirmative, and the Nowra men the negative. Much interest was taken in the debate, and each speaker occupied the foil tirao allowed him, tho proceedings lasting altogether two and a half hours. ?i-iiu 4uw»LLiHi was uuumtfu in tiie negative by a majority of 2 to 1. A vote of thanks to tho debaters was moved by the Rev. C. J. M'Coy and seconded by Mr. James Stewart, bnth thoso gontleuien remarking that the debate was the best they had had in Berry for some tiraa. Abt.— The Trustees ot the National Art Gallery of Now South Wales being desirous of gradually forming a collection of water color drawings, illustrating what is most picturcKquo in the soenory of New South Wales, direct tho attention of artists to the following series under 'which they invito competitive drawings.: — Coast and harbors of New South Wales ; tidal rivers, lakes, lagoons ; inland rivers nnd lakes ; mountains, gorgets, glens, valleys ; inland plains, and flcensa introducing pastoral and agricul tural occupations. It is proposed that competitive drawings be delivered, free of charges, at tho National Art Gallery, Sydney. -m 24th Novomburl 1891. Tho trustees will examine the Drawings and reject any they consider unworthy, the romainder will bo publicly exhibited in tho Gallery on 1st .January, 1892. Should any bo found sufficiently good to warrant their remaining in the Gallory, the trus tees arc prepared to purchase twelve (12) for the sum of £75 each. The drawings will not bo purchased unless 30in. x 22in. or of a corresponding superficial area, in aiiy shape ; frainus will not be admissabie. AH drawings luust be £cnt in with a bronze or. gilt mount, not exceed ing six inches. wid« ; no drawing must bear the name of the artist, but each exhibit must, boar a inntto, which must be Inscribod on tho face of a sealed envelope containing the name and address ?of the artist. ? These envelopes will be opened only aftor the trustees shall have made their selection ; all drawings musl be tho bonn-fido properly of the com poting Artist, nnd painted by him (or lior) expressly for the competition, and shall not havo buen exhibited elsewhere. The trustees do nut bind themselves to purchase any picture, and do not hold themselves responsible for any dainago or lO8S. ' ?-' ? ' ? ? The Victorian Royal Society has appoint od n coinmitU-u to repnrt upon cromatiou and other methods of disposing of the -dead. The Federation Convention recommends that Her Mnjusl,y'« Govemmnnt lie asked to establish tho Conun.oi wealth Constitu tion so £oon as three colonies have adopted it. Sir George Grey is to be presented with an address of Heieniue and entertained at banquet in Melbourne. 