MAN00RA C-0S5SING CLUB. Patron, Mr. E. Bowman ; p??3ta£»*., Dr Yeatman; vice-presidents, Hon. W. 2. iW^11' sevell and Mr. S. Montgomery; committee au stewards, Messrs. W. Frost, M. Hicky, A. Gray, C. Gray, W. H. Bee, C. Beale, E. Bowman, C. Pearse, W. F. Frost, S. Mont gomery, S. Dawson, R. E. H. Hope, and G. Steinthall ; judge, Mr. R. Hall, jun. ; flag steward, Mr. E. Xeeder ; slipper, Mr. Camp The Manoora Coursing Club, now that the S.A.C.C is in abeyance, occupies thefir3t place amongst the coursing clubs of the colony for the present season, and owing to the city club not being able to obtain the use of Bucldand Park the annual meeting of the Manoora Club has been the largest held this year in the colony. For the Puppy Stakes and the Martindale Stakes no less than 115 dogs were entered, and as the first was limited to 32 and the second to 48, the residua were put into the Martindale Drawn Stakes with the view of running that after the legiti mate card was gone through. Last year the hareswere very plentiful at Martindale, and this induced the club to haye confidence in being able to get off a, big thing this season, but the result so far has not been quite up to their expectations. Messrs. Bowman and Mortlock, the owners of the estate, have been generous enough in granting their land to the club, and take a personal interest in seeincr the meeting through, as both were in the field as stewards, but either the dry season or the en croachment of poachers or some other cause has had the effect of diminishing the num ber of hares, and as a consequence a less number of courses was run off on Tuesday and Wednesday than was previously; anticipated. The recent -rains in the neighborhood had made the running ground in excellent condition for- the dogs, and although the weather was cold and foggy n the mornings it was fine and pleasant enough during the opening days. A goodly number of coursing men and sports went up from the city and crowded out the two local hotels, and beds and shakedowns were at a premium, some having to resort to a large wheat-shed ^and coil themselves *up ? for .the night amongst empty bags, while. others made anxious enquiries, as . to srhetber^.there- was a ' good supply of straw in the stables. The card . was called at the Burton Hotel on Monday evening after tjio ^draw ;for ithe i Martindale' Drawn Stakes,. '^nd^a' good: lEa^bf/-. specula-.; tion followed,- various ' owners supporting their representatives to win a round sum. There was a large gathering at the training stables, Martinaale, which was the tryst ing.place, on the following morning, and from all quarters horsemen and convey ances arrived during the day, until there must have been at least five or six hundred people present at lunch time. The club pro vided a meal for the members, whose in dividual appetites were sharpened by the exercise they had undergone, and who were glad enough to partake of what was to hand. Being a comparatively young club, the stewards and officials have yet to gain experience in beating and managing the field, but tbe;r efforts were more successful on this occasion than previously, and will no doubt improve with each successive season. The hares, as we have said, were not ao plentiful as hitherto, and a number stole away through the noise made by the spectators, and too much, ground being covered in - a beat. Horsemen are not 'beaters,' and it is a mistake to let them be in the front unless specially required for boggy- ground. A few paid beaters should be engaged to be always next the slipper, and everyone else to be behind them, ' except the stewards on either wing. Sometimes when the order was given to form a line it consisted of 80 to 100 horsemen all abreast, which 'line,' it is needless to say, was broken at the first attempt to change positions, whereas one-sixth of that number would have been more than enough to be abreast for beating purposes. The club, how ever, have zealous stewards, who will learn their duties in time, and certainly have an did his part of the work in getting up the meeting in a thoroughly business- like manner. Two troopers were present, and aided in keep ing the crowd in order, but everything passed off pleasantly enough and with good feeling pre vailing. The judge (Mr. Hall, jun.), rode well to his dogs and gave very general satis faction, although in one or two Huky courses the opinion of defeated owners might nave been againist his decision, but he was thoroughly conscientious, and gave his verdicts without fear or favor. The slipper (M. Campbell) is, willing and active enough, but has something to learn in the art of 'delivering' a pair of dogs from slips, which he may acquire with practice, but he caused some of the dogs to ' hang in slips,' thereby depriving theft of the chance of leading, and gave cross slips occasionally, and once or twice near the wires, when better judgment might have been exercised. In the Martin dale Stakes, for example, Royal Maid and Sunbeam -were slipped close to a wire fence, where the judge could not follow then, and unfortunately another dog (Tarata) broke loose and joined rn the course. Sunbeam beat the pair of them in a gruelling course, but was brought backs to slips so exhausted that she was beaten easily by Royal Maid, and Tarata was cut about, and had to be scratched for the Puppy Stakes, besides getting her owner fined a . guinea. In the finishing course on the second day Cleopatra, a valuable greyhound by Rent Charge — Red Hind, got her leg in a crack in the ground, and by the plunging of her companion after a hare her shoulder was broken. She was bandaged up and brought to town and placed under the care of a vet. to save for the stud. Mentborpe was drawn after a gruelling course, and Cigar, or properly The Czar (his correct name), met with an injury, and had to be scratched after the first tips. Thft fnlloTOino* fl.rft liriftf dptn.ils nf the* running on the first and second days, June 16 and 17 : — THE RUNNING. Fiest Day. Pitit Stakes. — First round — Tarata led and made use oJ the hare for several points before Wildfire jvas placed, and she could not maintain her plaoe, as Tarata got in again on the top of the hill and won with a kill. Disraeli led up and scored the early points, but Flutina got in the middle, scored several, and placed Disraeli. The red again took possession and held it to the end of a long course, the hare escaping in a hole. Seaspray led up over the hill from Banker, went out of sight, and gained the flag. Venus led up over the hill from Monica, and the flag went up in her favor, as she worked very smartly. To a long slip both dogs went out of sight together, but Cyclorama came back in possession and had the best of Regalia. Pinmoney led, worked the hare, and placed Cheetah, who scored several, but Pinmoney was in again work ing fast and turned the hare to Cheetah, who killed. O.K. was faster than Druggist over the hill and canie back through the logs in possession, and was still in command when going out of view. To a fluky slip Don Cssar led through the wires, across the road, through a flock of turkeys and a furze fence, where Alice Hawthorn stuck for awhile and Don gained the flag, both dogs afterwards getting on to a second hare. First Light led and worked, but Young Electric took possession and had the best of the course at the end. Mentborpe and Forest Boy ran a good give-and-take course ending- with a kill, when the judge raised both flags for an undecided— points being equal. Men thorpe' was afterwards drawn, being injured. Countess and Splendora were at first blinked, but when they ?4Ot on to the hare Splendora showed most form and made a kill of merit. Forest King led and did the early ^rk, but lona got in and had more than balancea the score when puss was lost in a furze bush. Freedom had a bit the best of Miss Para in a smart give-and-take course. Outcast ran a bye, The Joker being drawn Cigar was first up, favored by the slip. Barney got in, but could not keep possession, and Cigar won the flag. Haetikdale Stakes. — First round — Keen Kitten went smartly up from slips, took possession, and worked the hare merrily to the furze hedge, where she gained the verdict from Laurel. In a short run Bonner went up sniartly and won with a kill, Rosebud scarcely scoring a point. Oliver fiwYTvm-all -4aalia/4 Tin +-rt -f-foa linwa on/4 lorl nn r.ho hill, turned twice, and placed Meteor, then took possession again, and was in command over the hill out of view. Irish Queen and Demon ran an un, decided. Robin aud Good 'Kuft ran a no go. Bucephalus and Storm King, after a long slip and unsighting, were put in again, and the slip favored Bucephalus, who got the lead and turn ; Storm King then got in, and wrenched twice, and the judge gave the verdict for Bucephalus, who was seen afterwards doing good work with the hare. Irish Queen and Demon ran s no go, and when they came together again they were slipped near a wire fence, in which the Queen stuck for a moment or two, and lost the hare, turning away to the left, while Demon wept on to the right, and being credited with a couple of wrenches gained the flag, the Queen finding another har« for herself. Friday led, and did nearly all the work against Royal. Herd Laddie led up and chopped the hare, turning it into Veronica's mouth, winning by a point. Robin beat Good 'Nuff on the hill side with not. much between them. Krupp had the best of the slip and turned, but ran wide, placing Wakefield Lawn, who dashed in very eagerly and soon rattled up a score which wiped out Krupp, although he came again at the finish. Sam Weller from a bad slip was favored up to the hare, but ran with great dash and held posses sion over the hill and came into view again etui in possession, Homespun being out of it from the tim she hung in slips. Steeltrap beat Logic by being quicker on the turn and working closer. Logic having bad luck by hanging in slips. Cleopatra was faster and smarter than Petronel up to and through the furze fence, on the other side of which she fell a purler, and both lost the hare. Sbcost- Day. Martindat/e Stakes. — First round (continued. — The hare favored Constance, who turned, wrenched, ana piacea Angelina, wno scored several wneu the r blue was in again but fell. Angelina took the hare to the wires, which Constance jumped and then took the hare and killed. Roy beat Wallflower in a good give-and-take course, in which there were exchanges and drives, and ending with & kill. Moyyagilya was first up and did the early work, but Myrtle got a go by on the flat. The black dog, however, dashed in aerain and made the cleverest Kill of tfie mmtinc Jean was quicker and smarter in working than Confi dence in a give-and-take course, in which Confidence chopped and both assisted in the kill. Meg Merrilea had the best of Fullarton in a short working course, ending with a kill. Pawn Rosy had all the best of Bonnie Lass in a run amongst the black grass, in which Rosy kept closest to her game, but the Lass got a point or two early and at the finish. The longest and perhaps best course of the meeting was between Pizarro and John Bull, in which the Uvttertal and each Sl^^P^?*8^^?'1?^8' «- that immediately pre vious to the kill they were at equal points. ?h» %S*° C'LOP3^ ^nd won- CliftoT *M the early work but feU twice, and Gipsy Oueen was thus enabled to gain the flag in her favor, ^n was first up and turn«l, placingRedmao. whd scor^. a pomt or two, but Don got in again and woa a ghort course witha kill. Dart ^ Tyro ^ m decided, ill which Tyro killed and carried the hare in his moCth till both dogs got on a second hare, in which Vi^t had the best of the go, and gained the flag. Royal Maid and Sunbeam were slipped dose to a wire fence, and a thud dog got loose and joined in the no-couree, the trio running a, grueller. A fine of a guinea was L''flicted against the owner of the third rtoe- Tarata. ThO hare favored Mentor, but Fishwife ? ^ ifs. vt him a go-&v; in the run up, and was always K*^,- 5n'a wet run'coorse with exchanges out of quicker -'^^Boyal Maid and Sunbeam came sight. XfhC* J-%1r Litter was too much dis again to slips ^nJn^rndthe Maid won easUy. tressed to raise a t. ?^'«M_-Tarata being drawn Puprr Stakes.— First i~i hut Venus got the Fhitina ran a bye. Seaspray . ^J'flllJ tookthe hare turn, and was quicker in exehang..^ **£?-, 'rgt trom out of sight and killed. Cyclorama 'ir«--'i«P dips, but Pinmoney gained a clear eo-by in -4!TlwSi i nd did all the work, winning single-handed, i. fl itTi going- into a hollow log. O.K. had a good » ^X *nd tum, then hit the fence and Don Cse?ar (hopped the hare and killed. Forest Bay got the run up and made' fire or six turns before Electric was placed, when she scored rapidly, wiped off her opponent's points, aud won with b lot in hand and a kill at the end. In a very long slip and a terribly long course Younff Electric, wren a iwiscea loot, lea t orest Boy anddid all the work f inglehanded till the bent legged one killed. Freedom 1 eat Outcast by superior staying powers and smart working, taking the hare away singlehanded down the road and back, to the luncheon place, where puss escaped. Cigar beat Don Juan all the way in a long course. Martotdale Stakes.— First ties— Keen Kitten and Bonner ran a no course in the stubble, and when they met again Bonner led in a very short course,' Keen Kitten wrenched and flecked, and Bonner killed. Oliver Cromwell led and turned smartly once or twice, and Demon dashed in and killed and destroyed his chance. Robin and Bucephalus after a no go were slipped close to a hare, which Bucephalus wrenched and flecked, but Robin reached the game, and after serving him self won by the kill. Friday and Herd Laddie had a very short flutter in the stubble, in which Friday led up and killed. Wakefleld Lad led up, turned, and fell, and Sain Weller had it all to himself afterwards in a short course ending with a kilL Cleopatra, was in slips with Steeltrap when she met with an accident, and was carried away with a broken shoulder. Third Day. [By Telegraph.] [From our Special ReporterJ Manoora, Juno 18. A dense fog again caused a delay to-day in. starting the coursing in connection with tha Martindale meeting. The same ground was ? worked over as on the first day, but with much better success in the matter of game, 18 courses being run before lunch, and allowing of the completion of the running in the Pappy and Martindale Stakes. In the^afternoon the hares were strong, and the sport highly satis factory. The results were : — ?' ?,-,': ''??'?? ; MARnNDAw: stakes (continued). Steeltrap a bye. Cleopatra drawn. Roy beat Constance. Jean beat MoyagiUya, Fawn Rosy beat Meg Merrilles. Gipsy Queen beat Pizarro. Don beat Dart. Fishwife beat Royal Maid. Second Ties. Bonner beat Oliver Cromwell. I Friday beat Robin. Sam Weller beat Steeltrap. | Jean beat Ro3\ * Gipsy Queen beat Fawn Rosy. 1 Fishwife beat Don. Third Tie3. Friday beat Bonner. Jean beat Sam Weller. Gipsy Queen beat Fishwife. Fourth Tie3. Jean and Friday ran an undecided course, and were slipped again, Jean beating Friday. Gipsy Queen a bye. Deciding Course. Mr. Bosisto's Gipsy Queen, by Electric, dam Spinner, beat Mr. Johnston's Jean, by Gayboy, dam Heartless, and won. FDFPr stakes (continued). Second lies. Venus beat Flutina. O.K. beat Pinmoney. Young Electric beat Splendora. Freedom beat Cigar. Third Ties. Venus beat O.K. Freedom beat Young Electric. Final. Mr. Harris's Venus, by Electric, dam Spinner, beat Mr. Frost's Freedom, by Port Phillip, dam Castenet, and won. Foubth Day. ; [By Telegraph,] Manoora, June 19. - ? The Martindale meeting of the Manoora. Coursing Club was concluded to-day, when the . Drawn Stakes were run. One hundred specta tors followed, and it was the best day's cours ing of the meeting; every hare being strong and without exception gruellera. They were -very numerous, some places being infested with game. Twenty-three courses were run. oS by 2 o'clock, and the final after an interval. Waterside, Masher, Chemist, Belle, O.V.G., and Hermit were drawn, starting from the woolshed at half-past 9. The results were : — Kintore beat Marley*s Ghost. Mark Tapley beat Gertie. Dreadnought a bye. Waterside draw. Mignonette beat Pinthon. Saxon a bye. Masher absent. Vida a bye. Chemist drawn. ???'?. . Hemlock a bye. Eelle absent. ' . ' . ? Cripple a bye. ~ ' : O.V.6. drawn. Hypatta beat Glen. * . Whimbrel beat Bluelight. Field Marshall beat Herdbelle. ? Thalma a bye. * Hermit absent. , Rex a bye. First Ties. ' Mark Tapley beat Kintore. ' : Mignonette beat Dreadnought. ' ? Vida beat Saxon. Hemlock beat Cripple. Hypatia beat Whimbrel. : Rex beat Field Marshall. Thalma a bye. Second Ties. Mark Tapley beat Mignonette. Vida beat Hemlock. Rex beat Thalnia. Hvpatia a bye. ? Third Ties. Vida beat Mark Tapley. Hypatia beat Rex. In the deciding course Bubble's Hypatia beat Ver rold's Vida and won. Thalma and Ilark Tapley were disqualified for lunnuvj cunning. Mr. Pearse thanked Messrs. Bowman aid Mortlock for the loan of the ground and for their assistance, ' and they were heartily cheered, as were also the jud^e, tbe slipper, and the mounted constable-!, and a large and success ful meeting was brought to a conclusion. - ; 