HOUSE OF ?RIMMON. S BTORY OF THE "BLACK COUNTMY" OF. SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. li BT JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of di A" un Ba8oEN's Two Lsoao?i," E·o, . CHAPTER -XXVIII.-(COiwN ErD.) Madeline on every occasion kept as much in hi the background as p ible, distinguished most by her unobtrusive elpftueess. But when the w vnear gave his Christmas Eve party this year, m she was prevailed upon to accompany the Saltrings, principally to avoid making herself he conspicuous by resisting their importunities. di Here, during the performane of a Beethoven w sonata for piano and violin by Miss Towers St and the vicar(he had a great idea of elevating a the popular taste), Madeline sat with such rapt in attention that the eyes of everyone became fixed upon her. Mr. Rockinghamncaughther in a her listening attitude, and when the sonata was tr over, asked her if she played. vs "I have been accustomed to playing," she replied simply. "Some of my relatives are he professional musicians." it She had scarcely uttered these words when dr she appeared to regret them. Mr. Rockingham E saw this, and so led her at once to the piano, oN andplaced her before a volume of Beethoven's sonatas. She songht out the Sonata Appas sionata, and rendered the surpassing music with ac deep feeling. Every one, even the least edu c?ted, present, was imsressed, and all agreed g that she must not be allowed to stop. Still as inmply and as self-forgetfully she commenced m "Les Adieux." Never was more pathos et thrown into the sonata, Mr. Rockingham B; thought. She made the instrument speak on s soned and plaintive farewells, heart- w tingsand misgivingsand deep and hallowed aq affection. But when the theme of the Return hi broke from her fingers, the joyousness of it _ eanted the vicar and Amy Towers, and Madame Pelbois, w5ho had in spite of herself pI drawn near, beyond description. Madeline re tnrned, and seeing their marked pleasure, vc repeated this final movement unasked. Their eient wish thus granted them, caused Mr. - Beokiagham to reflect that he had never seen tb ch delicacy of feeling in any one before. He f beganto be deeply interested in her. When m the had finished, he said to her in a reverential w tone ison said you had some relatives who were professional musicians, Miss Orme. Why did di you not tell me you were one yourself as -Because I am not one," said Madeline id gravely, and looking without fear into the eyes ca of the clergyan. st SReally, Mr. Saltring," said the vicar, "how have you possessed yourself of all this talent, g and why in the name of charity have you fc bidden the light under a bushel?" b \- iWell," replied M Salting, rather red but k mvery good-humoured, "Ii don't know much of sbout music myseelf, but it did strike me she es played very well; but my daughter, who is a h bit of a judge, thought otherwise." It Mr. Saltring was redder after having made if this remark, for he was conscious of having y said more than he had intended. But feeling di compelled to say something else now, he added, is with all appearsace of candour, "I may as l well tell you that she sings, or you will sayI cl have hidden that light under a bushel, too." There was a general buzz when this was heard. Everybody was of one opinion. She must sing at on:e. Her talking voice was so re sweet, what must it be when she sang?. "I feel as if I am being shown," said Made- i line, with the faint smile which traversed her n ace rarely. "But since you wish it, I will sing" S; There was no need to ask for silence when , -heeat down once more before the piano. As ti the vicar had shown so strong a preference for w Beethoven, it was "Adelaida' that she chose to sing. She sang it to the Italian words. One B woman, abutcher's wife, remarked to one of er friends, "It's the beautifullest thing I ever h heard sung. But I can't think the words are R very gooal. They sound Roman Catholic Never had there been such a party at the vicarage. Mrs. Saltring was reconciled to having come; for wasn't this great attraction II of the evening her own property, so to speak- i or to say the least, her importation? ii Late that night, Mrs. Saltring entered Made-' h line's chamberto kiss her favourite again, and made much of her. She found her weeping I bitterly, and nothing she could do induced the f girl to say why. It was a great trouble to her, nut she was compelled by Madeline's entreaties to leave her. And Madeline kept a vigil that night, and made a retrospect of her past, with its harrowing details, agisat her will. This was her occupation still when the slow winter morning broke; it was Christmas Day. i All eyes were turned on Madeline as she, with t the Saltrings, pissed up the church aisle on Cihistmae morning. Those who habd been at the- viecaage the night beeore gazed with re newed interest en the musician who had been revealed to them. Something unusual was on -the seat Madeline ordinarily occupied. It was an exquisitely bound copy of the Christmas anthems; and Madeline's name was inside the cover, in the vicar's handwriting. Within the book was a bookmark with three rihbons hang ingfromit; at the end of each was a piece of silver, on which were engraved, though dimly, or the thing was old, the features of a com poser. W' Well," whispered Mr. Saltring, "he might laRve given you something new, at any rate, if he wanted to make youa present." "Oh, no," Madeline replied. "He has offered me something he values, I am sure of it" The bell stopped, and the vicar entered and took his accustomed place, not without a glance through his spectacles at the Saltriogs' pew. Madeline was holding his present in her hands. Perhaps no one but Madeline knew that he saw this. But it was evident to all the congrega tign that the vicar was on his mettle; he had never before preached such a sermon. And in the Christmas anthem the perfect voice of the stranger minstrelrose and filled the church. "You never sang in church before," Mrs. Salting observed to her as they were going out. "It was the least I can do,', Madeline re plied. At the porch the vicar met them. Re shook Mds with Madeline last. Instead of thanking him as an ordinary girl would have done, fcr th~ gift she had received, Madeline fixed her dear eyes upon him, and softly asked, "Will youtell me to whom that bookmark be 'i did notexpect thatquestion," responded Lhe vicar drean , "but I will tell you. And he fell'behind the others, and the two walked \- eisurelv between the gravestones, and the dark cock t e girl was wearing trushed his clerical .~''-am-sot surprised you asked me, -now-I tlhink iof it,' the vicar remarked, glaneincgat £280'c~ca Mble;-. the graves and not seeing them. " I have one I sister now, but I once had another. But she was lost. She used to play and sing like you. I This bookmark was hers. When I heard you sing Adelaida you won it from me. I will tell 1 you some more when I can, if you willlet me." "It is very good of you to trust me," said Madeline, looking meekly down. "I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as I if inspied to ask one more question, she in quired, "She did not die, your sister, did she '7' - The voice in which he replied, "No," was scarcely audible. They, had reached theS church gates and parted on their respective roads - \- When she reached hdme, a now- surprise S awaited Madeline. A large packet had been left for her during church-time; The writingF outide it wasidentical with that upon the boob of anthems in the church. She sat down in a chair, and undid her packet. It was a volume of Beethoven's sonatas, but nota new one; and on the cover was the name " Olive Rocking- ti ham.u" d As the name met her eyes, they dilated. All 01 the household were crowding about her; but I she could not refrain from saying, "How I etrange! How very slrane" !" i "It is a great-compliment," said Madeline, B that he should have given me these.-- They I belong to his dead sister, -or at any rate a lost w W" ell, what-is there odd in it, then "'said nm Mrs. Saltring. Only this," said Madeline, dreamily turn- t ing the leaves of the sonatas, "my mother's do name, was Olive." a Mrs. Saltring expected more on hearing this; but Madeline began to draw-off her gloves dc leisurely, then rose and went upstairs. st The plum-pudding had been brought in, all : burning, according to old custom; and a dish of hot mince pies had called forth a shout of he glee from the youngsters. This shout covered a cry from Madeline, who was seated opposite K to the window, and saw someone pass. That someone rang at the door, and was admitted. m A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring, and gave him a card. . .. "Stran e!" he said; "I don't know the e' name at x. limpler who can he be ?" - At thoe sonund of the name, Madeline grew more composed; "a chance likeness, that was in all," she thought. " 'Well," Mr. Saltring saidto his wife, "I to will go and see him, and bring him in. He it may as well join us. He'll take a glass of wine at all events. He maypossibly have come H from a distance." And Mr. Saltring laid his m table- napkin upon the table in a heap. ci -Mrs. Saltring could not help noticing Made- m line's peculiar look; and it passed through her o0 branin a vague way, how queer it was that tn peoples looks should be so different on t different days, and resemble people they had I' nothing to do with. One day Madeline re minded her of Keziah's baby, but now there is was aproud look in her face that recalled to to berno one so much as.Mr. Rockingham. It L was odd; and she unconsciously wondered D what had brought it there at this particular sl moment. I' Mr. Ssltring's loud voice was soon heard as he approached the door across the hall. The di dining-room door swung open. Mr. Rimpler was withhim. Madeline did not turn her face. She had never known a Mr. Rimpler. He bore al a very strange likeness to someone she -had di known. She would not look at him. Mr. Rimpler, for his part, did not notice go anyone but MRs. Saltring, to whom he was in- cc troduced, and with whom he entered into con- hi versation. " Youknow the people I am with, 1 believe,;' di he said to her. "I amNr. Hackbit's clerk, and lo it is his business that has brought me here to- nm day, or rather his trouble. He is ill, and Mrs; tb Hack'bit begged me to ask Mr. Saltring to come over. Claret? Yes, thank you." as His glass was filled. - .'' Mr. Rimpler glanced round the table, in the act of raising his glass to his lips. ' i "Good heavens," he exclaimed-"I mean, to good claret." he Everybody stared at him.. What did he mean by saying "good heavens," for " good s claret," and in such a tone too? But it was quite clear hes? had w. sufficient cause to eiclaim,;for Miss Orme was in theactof falling from her chair in a 'v swoon. That must have been what startled him. But how odd,'then, that he should have pe said "good claret," after-"good heavens." A great commotion followed, in which Mr' wi Rimpler madeoo his escape from another sto room, explining in a not altogether natural lae voice, that strangers were best out of the way. en He was alne in the drawing-room for some wi minutes. He struck his hands together two or three times, and said, " Curse it ! She's in- dc fernally like her. She is her! and it's the w: mostnnpleasant business. She knew me; that's w why she fainted. Con-found it!" st At length a smile broke over his face. "I tb needn'ttrouble myself," he thought. "She w doesh't seem to know me. Besides, I can th swear I've never seen her before: mistaken as identity. Very awkward though! I should'nt is care for it to come out that I was a medical student in Germany and all the rest of it. go Wonder where her mother is ? By Jove at though, she's grown handsomer; and more a fool, probably. She must have been a fool to sa believe me. I wonder what she'd think, if she in knew that the child wasn't dead, after all, but at only taken away. It's a very strange coincid- SI encethatMrs. Hackbit's adopted child should as have so much of her look. Mere coincidence. at It would be too much hko the penny agonies, ii if that were to turn out to be the very child. SI Yet such things have happened. It's so to difficult to get at the truth, the woman having left the neighbourhood directly, and taken the w child with her. And Mrs. Hackbit says this child was a collier's, who was killed in an ex- sc plosion, and the mother died of the shock; so the thing seems squard enough." s Mr. Saltring entered, and put an end to these as reflections. - " How is iss - the young lady "' asked v Mr. Rimpler in a matter-of-fact way, .and with no expression of any sort on his face. . el "Miss Orme is better now. Sheis not strong. a, She has had excitement. this morning; that h must be the reason of her fainting. It is not a the first time she has done so since she has been 51 with us." -, ' - . " Has she been with you lung " asked'Mr. h Rimpler unconcernedly. . - "Not very," repliedr. Saltring ; b" but we have grown very fond of her, and we hope she n won't leave us any more." : . " - . Mr. Rimpler devoutly hoped she would, but I could scarcely make the remark. r., : A " How long has Mr. Hackbit been so ill?", t "Well, he's been drinking a `great deal : lately; and I think it's been coming on him the Ii last few days. There was nio keeping him from it. I did my best; but who am I;,to dictate to 5 him?" - "There's no train for aitcli long time," said Mr. Saltring, " that we must drive.: It's too far for one horse; but I know a public-house a where I can change on the way. I've done it before." Mr. Saltring's dog-trap appearedat'the door; and he sad Mr. limpler got into it, and drove away, Mr. Rimpler remarking upon the frosti ness of the air and the olippenness of the road, I in themost nantural manner, andnotcommitting l the human weakness of looking back. CHAPIER XXXIX.-Ma. H?cparra's CnrsTr -As DAY. It was between five and six o'clock when oIr. Saltring and Mr. Rimpler arrived at Hackbit's house; it was dark. There was no light in any I of the downstair rooms fancmg the street; but one of the two upper rooms had a light, which shone through dark red curtains. On entering they were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Rimpler altogether, and looked at, addressed, and answered Mr, Salhting only. The doctor had seen Mr. Hackbit, and had ordered such large doses of laudanum, and so often, that Mrs. Hackbit dared not give them. She was upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, as MIr. Hackbit was mad, in her opinion, andwanted a strait-jacket. Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and Mr. Rimpler remained where he was, for the time, and after wards went to his own bedroom and sat there. As Mr. Saltring openedthe'door of the bed room, He saw eziah, terrified and weeping, and Mr. Hackbit in a very menacing attitude. i He seemed to recegniso Mr. Saltring as he entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy and ill-aimed movements, trJing to wipe the perspiration from his brow and tace, which was deeply red. "You will see me righted. They're in a plot againt me. She's in it,' pointing with a trembling hand towardsKeziah. "Thedevil'sinittoo. And T saw him last k niht iolng at the window. They're all in thieploe." S"Ve'll see itat all put right," Mr. Saltring replied, soothingly. Then turnming to Keziahb, Shesaid, "Wilson says you've not given the medicine the doctor ordered." "It's aulaunum," whispered Keziah, with dilated eyes," " and so much and so often, I'm d afraid." ' You must not be afraid," said Mr. Salt k ring. "Letmegiveit." a, ackbit began to walk abouttheroom un evenly and -rapidly. Mr. Saltrin5 steadily Sdropped thi lanudanm into a glas. :" Come, at achit," he saidj"'odrinkthis.' . "o ,.Ha e4it meite ?orward and attJemed Mr.Saltrig now. His eyes were injected ter ribly, and looked as if he could not have slept B for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised the glass It to his lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, tc but trembled so violently that his teeth chat. tered against the glass. He swallowed the Si dose, however. c "I shall be reined," said he, as soon as he hi had swallowed it. "They're all in the plot, o Saltring. There's that Rimpler, he ferrets as everything out. He got to know all about w uncle Rimmon and the basiness in Drum." C Here he broke off, and began to strike the air Si violently. "Take that," he said, "and that." The perspiration was pouring off him now. M r.Saltring pinioned him, fearing what he ?n would do next. "Look here," he said, " Saltring. I'm not sp going to be cut with them knives. I know what bh you're holding me for." "You're not going to be cut with any af knives,"rsplied MIr. Saltrig. "Well," retnrned Mr. Hackbit, confiden. It tiatly, "i've killed that fellow three times to. ha day, and there he is again," and he shook him. ms self free of Mr. Saltring, and plungedtowards Is the mirror, in which was his own reflecctions and on sent it smashing into the window. Mr. Salt. ring seieed him but he was not sufficient. S, Inackbit struggled and raved. ezilah flew Itr fres the room, and called Mr. Itimpler. Wilson the was on the saircase. do, " Fetchthe doetor," Kreh sa- to her; the b oaster's eore." -H 'se She did not go back Into the room. Once mil free, she dared not return. She just went wa' downstairs and seat in the dark diningroom, in froi a kind of apathy. pro She was startled from her reverie by the hai dector's voice. He was asking whereshe w.s. the She went to him. - for S" Have you given the laudanumn, Mrs. no Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I was eal here ?" he askedher. lan " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," said poor tht Keziah. her The doctor was an abrupt, andnot a ladies' une man; so he became angry. hoi . "Do you want him to die," he asked, with hu: an aspectofferocity, " that you don't obeymy orders? He would have been asleep now, if Ke you had done what I told youen." And with the this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah f llow. for ing. he Mr. Hackbit had in t ie meantime been fas tened to his bed, and had become more violent, the thou h his efforts were ineflectual. noi " ust one drink of brandy, Ilmpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. "it would wa make a man of me again. Look here," he she called out to the doctor, " these madmen make 8 me stay out in this graveyard without a drink for of brandy tosteady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, how their bones mo rattle ! Just one litt!e drink of brandy, and hns I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly. "Look here, my good people, it's not my ps fault," be called out, "I am only the represen tative. You didn't borrow the money of me. fro Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother me about where you're goingto ten sleep to-night. See, Iam in a cold graveyard. isi I've nothing better.'" I0 Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was ear dropping some more laudanuminto the glass. to " He's in a bad way," he said. cn " He must get sleep," said the doctor, "at aw all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the Yo doses." -th Mr. Saltrine felt inclined to resent this lan- Iha guage: But looking in the doctor's face, he use concluded that his bark was worse than his eve bite. Ilat Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but for did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, pnd he moved them incessantly in a nervons way against one another, or upon the an the'quilt. ? . . Ate you stayiog here to-night ?" the doctor the asked of Mr. Saltring. - a TYes,,' he replied. m "Then give him the 20 drops again, every b two hours until he sleeps. Mrs. Backbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give en her two glassesof port wine." " Thankyou, doctor," said Backbit. "That's ani something like. I shall be another man now." of Overhesuing the words, he supposed the wine aot was orderedfor himself. wa Keziah had slipped from the room, but she $e was standing outside. to' " I have ordered you to drink two glasses of , port," said the brusque doctor. "No, no," said Keziah waving himaway witli=h-er band'-"" of-tharat, not sattu e stuff, after-after what we've seen. Order me ma laudanum, like him upstairs; a good dose, and be end it all." And she burst into a passion of Tw e i oetor patted her head, as he might have done a child's with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. "You see want rest." And he took her with him down- e stairs and administered the port wine there and then, and went away, muttering that women hes were most extraordinary creatures. "Only M think of that beast upstairs being cried about, she and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man tra is the more they stick to him." As soon as he was .gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use poi and comfort. on0 Some hours later, when all was hushed in the life sick room and Keziah was lying on-the conch t in the dining-room alone, she saw a figure h standing outside, looking up to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother in after a long absence. She could not let him go away again without having one word of com- we fort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. th She might have wavered if she had. She flew to to Elworthy's side. " Oh, Rupert," she said in a convulsive da whisper. "He's maddened with the drink." we Ehlworthyheld her near him, and muttered something she did not catch. "You have got some doctor, Kizzyr" he said. "Did he tell you to give laudanum ? He n must have it to get to sleep, or he will die." cod "Oh, yes, Rupert," said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear in it. S"My poor darling," said Elworthy. What an else could he say ? "You must not remain her we another moment; .you.are.trembling." And no he added with -some vehemence, "If you 9 were ill, who should keep me away? Who is wo with himnow? You've got a nurse, Kizzy?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of his darling having to listen to the ravings of e that brute who called her wife. re, " Mr. Saltring came, and is with him to. night," she answered. S"God bless and reward him for it," said t Elworthy solemnly. "And now, good night." And he said lingeringly, " I shall come again to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. You may speak to me or not, as you need." He lit longedto kiss her, but did not do so. And nc Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in the darkened dining- of room; But all this time Mr. Silas Rimpler had been d keeping a vigil, like the owl in a belfry; widest m awake when others are eleeping; and had been in no small degree amused and gratiied by the scene that was enacted under his window. CHAPTER XL.--Cnmsir As BoXES. The following morning, to the utter astonish ment of everybody but Mr. Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presenteda perfectly natural appear ance-in fact, eemed quite well. He was not in good tesmpaer,hoswever. Mr. Saleinse could ni nothelp noticing that Keziah was not being f( well treated, and he felt that he could not h leave the house without speaking of it. He had always been extremely fond of Keziah, and he and Hackbit had had former conversations a upon the question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. The conversation took place while Hackbit o: was sitting up in bed, eating his breakfast, at I eleven o'clock, for he bad slept till then. h " This is a bad job, Hackt," Mr. Saltring began. "You were going to reform whenyou I married. This is the way you have done it h Don't you think it too bad ?" "That's all you know about it," retorted n Hackbit, with a cunning expression. "You o see, I thoughtl was marrymi an hone woman, but I have changed my opinion, and see no I necessity for being too particular." n ' What do you mean, Hackhit?" said Mr. a Saltring veay indignantly. "Are you aware d what you are saying ? Do you know that you yv are attacking one of the best and purest of n women by your vile insinuation?" "Ha!" replied Hackbit. "That kind of lan~sage is all very well "when you want to wrtepoetry, andweonyou'rin love. I noW give it as my opinion that there is no such I thingas an honest woman." . 1 Mr.Saltring stared. He could not for a mo ment reply. At length he said, "You are esti. mating others by yourself, Hackbit.', And a then, regretafully," I used to think there was some good in you, but I dona't think it now. .A man who can slander that angel wants kicking." "Look here," said Hackbit, stopping in the conveyance of aspoonfolof egg to his mouth, I "jult you stay hers to-night, and watch by th's window, and if you don't e that Edmonton-that Elworthy, Imeum, ~ him my name isn't Hackbit." " One of your wild illusions," said Mr. Saltring, deflantly. "And if you think I shall I S ythe po n ou- wife, yoa have made a i c aeatm~e'. 'Iexntrusther."- - 5, "Well,"' m~ad-Haeckbit "tht, timed will show. Bant if ya0 don't eilere my woras, ask Ilim]?er." -- -_--- - is m'an timet That you'valie n ste o eit py. pon fonr wife 1" " No, I don't. It was he who told me first. He had seen them together, and seen him I lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared i to go out to him, I suppose." I Sdon't behlieve a word of it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping his bald head, "and the 1 sooner you get that slanderous villain out of the house, the better. He must have a good c opinion of you, to toll you uch a thing. I'll answer for it, nobody would speak to me otf my wife so. You are as bad as he is, Hackbit. ?oe can't so easily getrid of you, but you can get I rid of him." ' " No, I can't," replied Hackbit, shortly. I " Because you want to keep him as a spy, I. suppose." a "No, not for that either. I can do. my I. spng myself. But he knows too much of my business to hesent away." l "It mustbe creditable business to make you b afraid to send him away." a ".It'e none of our business at any rate ; but tell you one thmng, Mrx. altring, [ shall not have you nhere lecturing me. Every Enh man's home is his castle. Sotanke oasl of I won't have you in my homse another momet, on any preence whatever. Yo see can send yu away, if I. don't send:.lhnpler2 " 'd - _aekt tore volaently at a bell p ne am It came away in his hand,: and-dped upon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enoughe to have done anything.. k Mr. Saltring smiledfaintly,and said, "If youn were going to ring to have me shown out, reou might spae yourself the trouble; I -know the l way." And he moved towards the door. "This so from a mnao," he thought, " whose life I have probably saved." How much he wished he a had kept his temper This man was master of ta the house, and of Keioiah; and now that he was forbidden the house, he could help Keziah in t no -way, whatever might happen. He went slowly from the room, followed by: a mocking laugh from the hbd. Whenhe heard this and thought of the spirit that prompted it, his heart failed him for the girl who must remain under the same roof; and he thought bitterly, h how far from human help a wife was, itf her h husband should ill treat her. "u He had been downstairs to breakfast, and as Keziah had become almost cheerful with him at i the tableto wait upon. She had been so om fortedn m having him in the house. How should d he tell her he was never to come again? w He went to the nursery to look or her. She to thought eomething was wrong, for he did not ho notice either of the children. "Kizzy," he said, " come downstairs. I hi want to speak to you. Heaven knows when I as shall get the chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, and waited on for him to explain. a h"aYes, Kizzy, I am not to come here any more," he said "aI have offended your pc hushand.'h no She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds had depended on it. The le ground seemed to be takenawaypiece by piece from under her feet. , "Mr. Saltring," she said at length, with w tearless eyes, "do meone great kindess. It K isgreat,Iknow, and my heart will ache. But n Ifeel now is the moment. I must make the us earifice. Whokows what tragedy is coming of to this house? Dear Mr. Saltringo," she hee clutching his hand in both here, while he lookedI hi away from her, "take Bertram home with you. You offered to do it once, and I woud not I hi thought I was going to do so well for him. I have not the power now. I feel he is not safe Under this roof. My husband hates him. If everything must go, why not sooner as well as liter? He will cry for me a little, hut' he will m forget eoon. You will all been s sond on him ." " Mr. Saltring had let her' goon without replying. Then he turoedhis face full oi her, and, holding her by both shoulders, said, "Get him ready." The smile that 'bieke over ti the pale face would have been a rewdrd for any man.: e" She was turning away, wen he hcalled her back to remark, " Shall I take both children ?" m SNo," she said, wistfully, "Lenny is safe enough; he is his father's child." 1:b It was not long before the child was brought; in and he seemedver" much elated at the thought ho of goinga"yide m a gee-gee" But'to the bI astonishment, and even' disgust of Wilson, who de was crying, and also of Mr. Saltring and ki Keziah, the child insisted on saying good-bye ca to" Rimpy," as he called him. Some people think that children and dogs na can always find cut a had man. We know froda -experience this isfar from being the case. A man who is fend ofi fhilel , Kii a d-ibl' as manner to them, willalways win their regard, be e ever so bad in other respects. It It wan a fact that Mr. Bimpler, hearing the child from the office, which was next to the tb dining-room, came in, lookin a good deal cut up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed reallymovedwhen the child flung his arms about his neck. " . "Oh, you old hypocrite," said Wilson, under g her breath. She was like many others; to herd Mr. impler was a prodigy of evil; coneequently, she could not believe in his possessing a ursgle it trait of goodness. It But the hypocrite went into the office and J positively shed a few tears when there was no one to see him. There had been a time in his life when soft arms had been thrown round his 0a neck and hehad felt himself the happiest man sE alive. But now, long years'helad passed-sincehe n5 had felt them. Howthese littl arms reminded t him otfthat time! At this moment, could he have chosen some definite path of right, he would hae gone- headlong into it. But he thoughtofno directcourse. Andavague wish to do bettor rarely ends in much good. se Keziah did not cry when she parted with her to darling. She was filled by the thoughtthat she was sending him to happiness and safety. She I had made a great sacrifice, butshe felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and C nothing went with the child but one little box containing immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackbit having got out of bed, saw the ar trap drive off, and understood the case at once; and though inwardly glad, he decided tobeout J wardly vexed. His bell-rope was off, he could not ring ; so he slipped on some of his clothes as quickly as he could, and went downstairs in a R way that would have startled anybody that saw is him. h He found. Keziah and Wilson drying their I eyes in the din'ng-room. This suggested a revenge that must be effective. 0 "So Keziah, you have thought fit to send n Bertram away without consulting me. Now t there is only one child, there is no need for Wilson;" this with a' evil light in his eyes. "You can occupy yourself with attending to a Leonard. Then per'lhaps you will get to care a b little bit for your own child. You've a month's I notice from to-day, Wilson." Wilson's red eyes flashed, and she flung out of the room. " Why do you do it?" said Keziah. '"Whya do you send everybody -away.wbo is' kind to c me ?" "To please myself," said her husband coldly. "You havoe-more to learayet, Keziah.- Do you think it safe to trifle with me 1', "I do not trifle with-you," rtuied 'Kezriah steadily. ' ' "YoU lie," replied her husband. "Perhaps you would like me to send yoo away from the house, and give yoa an exciee to do what you want to do. Well, you shall not have your wish.: You shall stayhere, andwsit on-me, and obey'otrdd. Don't think it's becausse'I'm so fond of you. .Bat I've a right 'over you, and here you stay." "You treat me like a slave," said Ke.iab. "You shall know more oa what that means." said her lord, and l it her, Mr. iimqler had heard this conversation, as anybody might have done who had been in the ofice at the tlme. And when Hackbit; having lelt his wife, joined him, he was moved to say, - haviog just had better feelings. "You've been too hard on Mrs. HEackbit. In spite of all -we've seen Idon't believe any harm has been done; and I don't believe Mrs. Hackbit would ever do anyharm. Shehasdone no worse than speak to him. That's my opinion, and I know the world." "Oh, you are clever, we know that,"'retorted Hackhit. "Youstthematchto the fire and now it has grown as big as ahouse, you 'expect a bucket of watern' to pat it out. The game doesn't pay. Do you want her yosreelf,'that youbeginn-odefendher? Go' and ask her to o away with you;. she would it you ask "1No, she woulda't,"'said Itimplei coolly: "and I woUld never ask her." ." Oh, you are .both angel from heaven, I know," sncerod Hackhit. "'But about the boniness, iimpler.' You'll' have to b- more Sa?utious. If you rein people wnolesale .'we shall get into the'papers ' You aaldnup an awful number of families last.month~and in one neighbourhood,? too. ' They'll get talking together, and then it'll get into ties papr, and I they'll find out who it is that's the real money lender, andthenit willbe tuinatiod." -' "It would'nt be you reined ;it wouldbe Mr. BimaOsn," sid Iimpler. .-- . I "And isn't- that ma I" retorted 'ackbst, s snoppishly. "Don't I mean to have hi.money \- some time? He may make it ao.od.deal mare if he keeps dark a fewyears longer."' |'"Ifou go on'drinling as yo.havae been i lately,.you'll die rt? .Yoa've dmunk yourse I into dfeirtooi trees about taeeoon as any mass I hae ehver wn;." ,,. : -, - \- .excp. t. ged.cto,"S. w i. ., t opi? ... SMr. Hackbit had scarcely left the house, when Keziah .pt on her things and went up to her mother's~' She was not away long; but Mr. Rimpler:noted the time when she left, and the time of her return, in a mechanical sort o way. a When he heard her come into the next room, after she had returned, he opened the door of t communication, and addressed her in a way he a meant to be kind, but he received a chillin re buff. - SCh, very well, my fine lady," said Lir. ii Runper. ' The day may not be far distant when you will regret not having taken Silas Rimnler fora frend." T "ou haven't it in you to he a friesd to i anybody," retorted Keziah, and quitted the y It was cn account ot this rebuff that Mr. Rimpler, on Hackbit's return, reported Koziah's h having been out, and added a little to it on his own account. Conseqnentl, when Hackbit went up to bed d a found his wife with her I head already o the pillow, he ordered her to fo get un,'and told her to o and sleeo in the spare roombyben . i - W She obeyed in a bewildered dream, an crept P from the room, carrying some of her clothes lo with her, and feeling that when Wilson was gonaaha would indeed be at theo mercy of two illa . There was no bedprered in the sparn:oom. The eod that belronged to it was kpt under another wLhe out "o, use. But l wrhtdid itmatter? She laid hesell wearily upon the mattress, and covered herelwith to ohselheshseba d brao. c' andia awal all Y I -h I - _- .I.... .. - . . . .. . . .... r ..I I .... - : . .. r Th following moroinglezoanaressea neroisf 0 and went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hour. Keziahglanced athim as he . entered the breakfast-room. He knew it, 10 though he did not look at her. Hahad his dreessing-own on, and he seated himself at his end o the .breakfast- table, and took up the t nespaper which lay folded on his plate. o :The servant brought in the coffee; Keziah f commenced to pour it out. She passed her ta husband his cup. He put down his paper and f helpedhimself to a chop, but did nooffer any s such attention to Keziab. She did not want h anything, bht a certain pride in her would not do give in, and allow him to thin she had no no appetite. Besides, Mr. Rirpler would be in k| directly, and she did not mean him to see her th with an empty plate before her. So she walked of to her husband's end of the table, and helped "v herself under his very nose, ti She came into such close quarters that Hack- TO bit feltoblied to peak toner, though not by any prompting of courtesy. on " hope you have spent a good night," he pe said, satiically, "and that you feel refreshed rn d al that sort of thin." in "I thank you," said Kezo, with mock to' politeness. "The question is rather un- ca neoeaTaeea that it was passed away from f yo. te sl et very well, thank you-much c C co betterthan usual." eo Mr. Rimpler here made his appearance. I t rubbing his hands together, which were red am with cod. He looked at ackbit first, thenat Of id;ia : and after a curt good morning-they to never hook hands-be remarked, as if taken. unawaree, Itthink Mrs. Hackbit looks in need N ot a doctor." th " Not at all," remarked her husband, " she a has jlt been saying hot well she ia." . .ao Keziah would perhaps have replied herself, I I but she was seized withd afit of coughing rai "Pretty well done,": observed her husband, be "seeing you are not on the stage." - . i .Keziah began to eat her breakfast ina kind an of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed i' gret. Rimpler furtively watched her. Hack- tit ittried not to do so, but failed. I * "Oh ,"hesid getting up from the table at th last, 'I can't sit't the table to see you swatl ha S"Then go away if you don't want to see me," said Keziah. . . - All this could not go on without some com- l meats being made in the kitchen. yc Both the cook and the gardener had agreed Te thit Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit P1 in having-received notice, and had commiserated her. Thus'it happened that the elderly female ce began to have'a better opinidnof the Other to domestic?. 'This morning on.- entering the G kitchen she closed the door, and said to the ] cook : y o u .. ... - : - . .: . : . "Do you know where the missis slept last T night'" - .-. " No,!' answered the" cook. . . 'lie slept in the spare room,-with no bed hi ans no-covering.'- . . ----- __ S" What a shame!" cried the cook and hi Roberti, the gardener, simultaneously. w "I dread onga" said Wilson. " Who will hi there be to oo after the missis whe I'm t i gone ,,And she's nlot fit to look after ca Leonard." - I( "ie is a brote," said Roberts, "as ever lived ; and it's much to me if Rimpler doesn't d get a match for him before he' done, and serve im right too." so S"Wel," said the cook, "if you do go,I m shall look after the baby. I shan't let her. b It's a sin and ashamei; and he's as rich as a sc Jew, I do lieve." Y "!I shah rite to Mrs. Towers and tell her a' all about it to-day," said Wilson, following her own thoughts rather than answering. "AndI I shalllet Mr. David Rimmon know, too; It's ni no use telling her father. He won't hear any- P1 thing against Mr. eackbit." "- : vi " nd when yo've told them," said Roberts, d' " what can they do a" m " They might get a separation." wC 'Them articles aren't so easy got as you seem to think," said Roberts. "You've never tried to get one, mayhap." . "Of course not," said Wilson; how shuld is v? But what's that got to do with it?" le SWell, a good deal," replied the gardener. 0o CHAPTER XLI.-COMFrnrT rno OIHEns' . WOES. . b: While Wilson was writing to Mrs. Towers tl and to David immon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jumley. The writer was Joshua ltimmon. ii This is what Joshua wrote:-- . . " "MY DErA BEOTnE,--This is the season a whehera ought to be goodwill towards men S in all our hearts. Ever since my marriage I ' have gathered my kinsfolk about me on New a Year's Eve. Why break this sacred chain? [for. Rimmon liked this phrase, and felt him; C self waxing eloquent.] 1 would not rob you of my boy whom you have adoptedl, and who, -I trust, may prove a blessing an a comfort to f you in your declining years. Yet would I not I have him a stranger to his. father's house, an alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray you bring him and join my simple board for the . New Year's Eve, and believe me, SYour forgiving brother, " - "O' JOSioj RInos." c When David received this he became greatly excited. , He read it before Wilson's, which lay on the-table. Jubal was reading a sporting paper he took in,- ean e ssde but little inerest in a. letter from his father. David handed it to him when he had-read it three times. " - - . " S'"Dear me," broke forth lJubal, having perused it with elevated eyrbrows; "a mister piece of rhetoric and hypocrisy !" "I should- hardly say that," isid David mildly. " The command that we shall not 1 judge, that -'e be not judged, means that we I arenot to put people down as meaning wrong wh.n we don't understsnd their actions." 'rI find no difficultv at all in understand ing," returned Jubal," tenderly touching his i wavy hair and looking at it in a mirror oppo site. "IHe thinks people in Jumley will talk if he doesn't have anybody for New Year's Eve, and there's nobody to come but Dorcas and Keziah and us, and my meet respected brother in-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance on that occasion." "Of course I cannot control you," said David mildly; "but for myself, I cannot pray, 'Forcive me mys'ins as I forgive those who sin against me,' and refuse at the came tnme to forgive my brother." - "He has never asked you to forgive him," said Jubal, a cynical smilne breaking over his face. "Well, no," veplied David, colouring a little. "Now I think of it, he hasn't. Still, Shis ways aren't like ours: he: never was like other people ; and I think be means it all right. But I think that it's no cart of my work to sift : and silt, and find out ifhe means all he says. That's the work of a higher than me. But it is Sfor me to forgive seventy times seven, and to live peaceablywith all men; Ko faras it in me lies; andlshallgo toJumley. . "You're not a bit of a man, uncle," said I Jubal superiorly, "or you wouldn't be- taken I in as you are." \- "I'm .afraid I am cowardly; it has always been my fault," said Daid simply. " But!I don't think I mean to be cowardly in this." I And he took up the other letter and looked at Stheaddress. - -. . "I don't knowthis writing," he observed. "I wonder who it it." ' Why don't you open it and see ?" said SHis uncle slently opened the letter. 9- Oh, Jubal,', he laid, with a kind of cry. "Poor Keiah!" . .. a .What's the matter with her?" lubal asked trather indifferently.,. .... . " I "Thisisfrom her nursemaid, Wilson; she says that Thouas is frightful lly eilrtig her. a Iem astonlb hed." ' \- "rI'm'-ot.: She shouldn't have mairiedhida. SBheade»he bed; let hlieon it." - '' a srwa'ie hn:ry~owyt tit~lkao," esidasidd , \- uInit eal-eu eaeulypproaehiaangec a haiubl ever used to Jubal. "One would think you had no affection at all for her, your. own B sister." c " She shouldn't have played the fool. I was all right with her before." " Jubal," said his uncle, depreciatingly, " is this the time to reproach her with a false step?" S I'm not ging to reproach her. I shall not c go near her. ut'm not sure I won'tgohome, S if it's only to see the mother. She was always I decent enough." - "I thinkit is your duty to go home, now s your fate calls you. And I think it is your duty equally to be kind to your sister, who hae lcrt-loy lwrays been a good to yo, and who is sorely in need of a ind friend just now. You could be mare to k her than anybody else, if you liked. You di ought fo go, Jubal." SOught stands for nothing. If I go home, tc I don't toink I shall open my lips to my hi father. I shall certainly not go near Keziah." ni W" Well, well," said David Rimmon. "I do k wish I had somebody to advise me." And it co passed through his mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had he been pi 'freetogo to her. Buthewas not. . At the same hour Maud was equally per- sc plexed with David, and the same subject was for her notie. She didnot takelongtocon- di iderher action. She wrote to ezinh - i "4 My Dzas, Dias Kazas,-Tr have beard n to-dan, with a pain that shows. me how dear ic you are tome, of the sea of trouble which our rounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. One sa coniolation Ihavreto ffper, andyou willI fear, say thiis none. For in sufferingfor each other, we do not increase each other's load. You'are not alone. If you are over whelmed, so am I. How came we both to make sI such mistakes? Our lots, though different, are strangely .alike, except in one thing. You t looked for calm life wilh your cousin; I looked a, forbliss. You have missed the calm and found w tumult. I have missedsupreme hanpiness, and to found supreme misery. Perhaps this does not hi sound like sympathy; yet as I write my heart t leeds for you. I find myself always sighing for the days when you and I had quarrelled at my fireside, and were so happy, and did not w; know it. None know what happiness is but fa hoase who have lost it for ever. We are both o us so young, Kizzy, it does seem hard that we should look with longing eyes to the di time when death shall release us from ourmany sorrows. I can only think of that; and yet, it be is not happiness inasnother life that I look for, only rest from this torment ; for howcan I ex h pect the love that has died upon earth, and left my living love clinging to its corpse, to rekindle o in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about does not exist. What cause have I ever given that ha should turn rom me ? He never spends a moment in my h company he can help. We have no business bo connection now, even. For I have ordered all bn the rentto be paid into his hands long ago, A aid I take just what he doles out to me. I often walk in the cemeteryyou and I looked at we together-one day. You remember we said we would dot go there again; it made us sad. ai Now, it comforts me just a little, for I look at let thewhite stones ad the fresh grassy mounds and I think, ' Thisisa home where I may rest s some day-sooner, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurt at first when I heard that Bert- Be) ram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have been so glal of him; but you know best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything ow, and I never touch the piano. You may ask, 'How do I employ my a time, then' I don't think I know. t I can't think of anything jut now 'el thatI am in the habit of doing. I hope yo an have not thought it unkind of me not to have written to you before; but I had no good news i to send, and I did not wish to sadden you. 1 ye could not write to you a endpretend all was ight, when it was so far, far from being the case. c But nownothing I can send you could miske yonmoremiserable than my silence. I feel very thankful to Wilson for having written; he please tell her so from me. 1o "' Lionel is in a dreadful way about me. He th can't help seeing how things are, though I.have m told him nothing. You know, I suppose, that Gerald is with Dr. Elworthy. They get onto- a gethervery well ; but Gerald never comes here. as e must have seen and understood in his one Ia visit. as '"Tonl went in for his examination again, da and got plucked. When he came and told me, o he said Ineed not tear; -he would fulfil the t condition that I had made forhim opmarrying him. To think of my being nterpreted in that h way, Kizzy ! You know it was for him, and I him alone, I wanted him to get his qualifca hi tion. What could it matter to me? What t can anything matter to me now, since he does j, not love me, and never, never will again? It h I had said anything like h thatto you in the old dayswhen we were together, you would have i shaken that small bead of yours, and made me some saucy answer. I wonder if you ever makesaucy answers now to anyone? I cannot e bear to imagine you as always grave; it seems so unnatural. But perhaps it is as difficult for , you to imagine me wandering about in an aimless way, existing from day to day, not oI living, not caring a bit what I put on. nor how I look. But 1 do know that nothing I put on, nothing I could put on, could make me look ta pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, and my eyes always look heavy and h dull;' it must be sleeping so little and crying so much, I suppose. But enough of tis. You used to say I was unreasonable. If I could ly tl have you again all to myself, I don't thiuk I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes B such'changes in one. Tom is changed; his hair p isturning quite grey. And now, dearest Kizzy, t let us be all in all to each other, though it be only. in thought and at a distance. o y"Your faithful fiiend, MAUD." d Whcn Kezish received this letter she had a t] brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in fi thinking of her friend's. " Ah," she thought. h "however bitter my lot is, Mauds is worse; I S amonlyseparated from theman I love, and m b ill.treated by the man who is my husband but u Maud has lost the love of the man she atill loves and who once loved her. Yes, that is worse." She could picture it. She had only to think o what t would be like to have married Rupert I and then to have lost his love. a CHAPTER XLIL-Mn. RI oro:; Los.s Moar b . TIiAN HIS TsRmrEl. Keziah did hot answer Maud's letter at once, for she had other matters in hand. She had promised to go in and help her mother in pro- v paring for the New Year's Eve festivities which I were to come off as usual. Mr. Hackbit had been persuaded by his father-in-law to join the arty, just to keep up appearances. Whethera he would actually do so or not was still a question. He was not drinking so muclh; he a had had a fright. low long this would last was doubtful. He made no o.j ction to e KeziWl's going in to assist her mo'h r, telling her politely that her room was better than her company. :- . Keziah's spirit rose gainst this insult, and she determined to fight hard to look as if all were right, and not give him the' pleasure of cowing her. She entered her father's house by the hack way, and went into the kitchen. There was Mrs. Rimmon in a large apron, I tying the puddirga up, ready to put into a pot that wasboiling on the fire. - "This grate's worse than ever this year," Mrs:;' timmon began, "and now the boiler's I cracked, and we can get no hot water. Just as if there wasn't worry enough, without that. And I'm sure I don't think any of the fuss as is made is worth while. Who wants to come here " "Never mind, mother," returned Keziah. "It is not worth makinsa a bother about; you should cet hardened. Give people their deserts. If the dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble your head about it. It's no good people worry ing themselves into the grave because they can't lease people who are unpleasable." She had been taking off her things while she spoke, and turning up her sleeves, in readiness toboof use. " What shall I do first, mother ?" she asked. "Well, Kizzy," said her mother? "If you'd just make a bit of paste for a mince pie for your father's dinner-he'll expect one." "And is nobody else to have one ?" broke in Keziah, sharply. m i "Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon. "You see, we shall allget some on New Year's Eve." "Al right," rejoined Keziah. "If ne one else is to have any, he shan't have any mther." "If you won't make it for him, I: must," s aid Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly. ... "Don't be so stupid, mother. Tell Grumps youn asked me to do it and I wouldn't." "On, Kizzy," said Mrs. Bimmon, beginning to cry "There is always a. plenty ot wasps flying about, without stirring up a-wasp's ' "Indeed," retorted Keziah, amused. ' inAnd if the wasps' nests are left alone, the more waspH will be flying about." ."Well, those as stir them up are sure to get stung," said Mrs. Kimmon. I "Well, what does it.matter," said Kezah, "if they don't ask other people to bear the smart for them?"'' ."I have heard of' people being stung to death," returned Mirs. ftinmmon, who had gIot , deepin the metaphor, and rather atonished I -_ "IIam oia'f the -ojlBp that woild rather . betung to death at once thai ie-petere-by 'occaaionaltingafeo'year, and yar,,', - SThere was ?mse ian. this.th .MBs. Eimmon Scould siein,?tA, in coimeuaiwiriti'o~aez"ot the \- humai.sace: w thiikig- of ti. .on Btuatio-. iitnorttian <h edauigbtd»'n. '.-- *_ When half-past one came, Mr. Rimmon arrived, and demanded his dinner. A cloth was laid for him on the end of the dining - room table, and farther than this he could see no preparation, so he came into the kitchen to view the land. He caught ight of his daughter. It had been to him some satisfaction that Keziah was caged; but he had never lost his fear of her. So when he saw her there, he did not break forth as he would otherwise hae done. "What do you want " Keziah asked sharply. " Well, my dinner," replied her father. I " Well, the quieter you keep about it, the v sooner you'll get it." I What was the use of his remaining in the a kitchen ? None at all. He went back to the a drawingroom, and took up a volume of Wesley's t1 sermons and scanned it morosely. He had not to wait long. Keziah with her own hands brought a try in, and to Mr. Rimmon'os in . nito astonishment, she placed between his knife and fork a plate with a few salies of d cold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy ?"- he said, eyeing the o plato from where he sat, with much difavour. a " It's your dinner," aid Kziab, " and the t sooner yo eat it the better." - . a r. immon seated himTelf at the table, but . did not bei to oatthe meat. Bo was think. t ina that he would make his dinner off the mmco-epio that was to-lItowv. He waited a long time, but iotaody ramo. o rang tho bell Sarah antered it. "Take tbis away," he said, pointing at the plat., amd:blingtlia mince-pie in.' "There's no mince-pie" said Sarah, hall afraid. "No mince-pie !" said Mr. IRimmon, with a i stop after each syllable. On hearing this, Mr. Iimmon got up from the table with the intention of going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He put the door hurriedly to as he heard some one come in. 'He t thought it was Keziah, and resolved not to speak to her. But it was h issister Dorcas. I Her brother looked at her, and wondered tl what on earth had brought her there. Her o face was beaming. - . - " What do you think, Joshua i" she said. "I don't know," said Jostus, very in differently - * That wretch Brougham Baunner's son has been drowned; one of the twins, you. know."'' ' Having imparted her news, she waited.: As fr her brother did not speak, she said: "Are you not going. to say anything, w Joshua ' t- - .-' t " Yes," he answered. "Go about your '" business." . " n " o " it " Oh, indeed," raid Misa Dorcals, swaying c herhead up and down, "I must go about my b business, must I ? And is it any part of your business to send me about my business? f Answer me that." - - "I tell you 1 don't .want to be bothered P1 with you," said Joshua irritably. :. - of " Oh, and you're ready to use me, said his e sister, " and also abuse me, so it seems. But te let me tell you one thing, there's a dog on be your track. Ha!" she said, "I thought you'd in show some interest at that piece of news. Only be last night, sir, I heard a man call you a whitid sepu!chre.,' ' The sniptural phrase stabbed Joshua deeply. ' Was it a Jumley man :" "That's my business, and'll mind it." to SWhat do you want to be such a fool for " de said her brother. If anybody said each a bl thin, I ought to know who it is. Wouldyou w let the groundbe taken from under my fet, at and never give me warning" r SMeasure for measure," said Miss Dorcas. m "The measure you mete shall be meastred to e o e e, said herbrother , with a grim smile, "my ruin would be your ruin, thank Heaven." . . . S'iHo. ho," laughed Dorcas. "When a al house falls there's always somebody on the fl' look-out to carrythe treasure away. What if tb the one who carries the treasure away should hi marry nE .t" bli All the anxiety died out of Mr. Rimmon's a face on hearing this. " A mare's nest," he tu said. "I know whom yon mean." And he laughed satirically, locked up his iron safe, 0o and was leaving the room when the key dropped from his pocket on to the chioed chair, and he did not hear it. He went back n to h biank laughing to himself. No'sooner had hegone right away. from the ' house than Dorcas gleefully seized the key. o "Oh, Silas, my dearest," she cried, "my time a has come at last." And she opened the safe, n having previously locked the door just as Joshu immon had done in the hin our when he betrayed IEupert Edmonton. Somehow the words she had just used to her 'brother came into hermind, she did not know why: "The d measure ye meteshall be measured unto you again." Had she known all about the treach. m erous deed her brother had been guilty of, the so words would have been ominous enough. But she did not. t Having taken a certain bundle of papers out ai of the safe, she placed the key. on the leather m chair, where it had fallen. So it happened that when Joshua came home and his eyes fell upon t the key, a cold sweat broke out upon him ; and a great feeling of gratitude came into his heart, t he hardly knewto what or whom, to fate most probably, that he and no other had found the key. It never occurred to him in any form that it might have been found and used. - h That night Dorcas rimmon waited in the shadow of a ruined engine house in the Old ri Park. A keen wind was blowing, and she ii stared as far as she could along the dark path fl thatled between worked-out mines towards her a brother's house. But, wearied by the intense e darkness, she turned her eyes away to restupon a the dim lights of the town and the glare of the furnaces; A figure of a man was approaching betweon her and one of the lights. - Could itbe Silas, coming another way i He might have o been somewshere for Thomas, and so have been unable to keep his appointment. e The manwas passing her. " erhaps he a can't seo me," thought Dorcas. She stepped t out a little. "Silas," she said in a sharp whisper. The man turned upon her and scanned her. \- "What are you prowling about for" said a huskyvoice. . -. r "That isthe epression s you use in this country Oh Cicl, what a country it is." Dorcas retreated into the shadow. u n hshe was not so easily quit of the stranger, who fol- I lowed her. ' And was it for me you werewaiting " he i said, in a charming maer. "I took you for a pit-bank worker, as they call them in this heathenish land. But I see you are respect able. These pit-bank workers, they will give you a kiss, bat they do smell of the coal. But you smell sweetly of the lavender-water. It is a shame you should wait here in solitude. I will bear you company." 4" Are you a stranger to these parts T" asked ' Miss Dorcas, hoping this stranger would stay until Silas rPmpler came up, to excite his jea lousy and so increase his ardour. " Yes, I am a stranger to these parts," re plied thogentleman. "But I will know the neighbourhood better if you permit me." "Oh"' thought Dorcas, delighted. "he thinks the neighbourhood belongs to me '" She wondered woat this stranger was like. it being Stoo dark to distinguish his features. " Are you intending to stay here," asked Dorcas sweetly, for any time ." " I stay," replied the stranger, "wherever Ssoft arms detain'me. lut at present it is at Wolverhampton I am, amusing the public, which is not very elevated, it does appear to me." S"May I ask where are you going now ?" "I was going up to a MIr. Hackbeet's, on a little matter of business." S" Oh, he is my nephew." "Your what ? Ohi ele! 'Then you were Sthe youngest of the family, is it not, come to brighten the old age of your esteemed mamma and papa?" - . 1 "No, I am not the youngest," replied Dorcas. The ardour of the gentleman seemed to go down considerably, and he bade her a Scool goodnight. As he was departing, not takingparticular Snotice of his footing, he threw himself into the arms of SilasP,'mpler, who was advancing from a the opposite direction. . ",What the devil are you about 1" jerked out lIr. Rimpler, catching his breath .and ataggering. - (Iro E COsvIXCeD)e. 