Theatrical Topics. Rosbi lias bcon acting in /ienna in Tolstoi's " Ivon tlio Terrible" with immense offeot. Alter ouu not lie .vas reosllid 16 times. At I be Ad' ipt'i " The English Rose" pawed its 200th pert jrm'.titt at the end of M-troh, and then stowed mreigu of waning popularity. Mni v Jane binding hss arranged, at tho «x- piratton if her euireue'ji'nt at tho Vundovilie, to appi nr on th< singe ot tho Xhcutro Miubol at St. l'tt<-:burg. Mr. Cbark-s Huds-m'a throo-aot play, ' Futlier Buonaparte," which Mr. Wilson .jarrctt. rsouutly tried nt an Olympic mitluau, proved to be a very undramrtio and rather feeble pDuUotion. Mtlllo. Duh o, who is roferrod to in tbo Italian pnptrs h« tho greatest natrons of their stage, list bmu appearing at Vonico, Milan, Rome, i.mi the priut'ipai cities of tho king- dem v.. i'ii great micursa as Nora in "A Doll's Hctitb " Hir e, BornhHidt is said to ba of Hollacd- Jowith origin, auo tohavo been born in Amster dam about 40 yarn ugy. Loss is known to tho pnbliu of the unticodents of this brilliant Frcnoli notross tbun of l>.os any other artist who lms pained ill. ..eionrity. A N«w York paper says: Edwin Booth ha infirm' d bis manugor that he wonld not play neat fi hhod, uud lie Huh cancelled two weeks in Brooklyn. This mump, in tho manager's opittiiu. I bat bo will never appear again. It is quite cirlsio that bis present appearance at tho Brooklyn Aosdemy of Mnsio will bo his faro -well cue. Tho death is announced of Mr. Lawrence Bamll, the distinguished Amailojn tngodton, at the comparatively early ago of S3. Mr. Bunett will bo r. membercd by Londoners by a sorbs of pirfi.miaiices which bo gave ut cho Lyceum soiue six years ago, wkon ho appeared in Richeliou and other ukaraotors. The Queen oi Roumauia has written a melo drama wliioh should liavo been produced at the Burg Theatre, at Vionna, but it turned out to be so wildly and weirdly absurd in plot and bo bomhuetlo in language that tho managers insisted that if it wub produood there would Dot only bo a riot in the uudienoo but a strike among tho employees, aud so it was withdrawn. Even a queen ia uot froo from dramatic failures. At a provincial theatre, where Fanny Daven port was pluyinp a tragio part, u Vury drunken man staggered down the aisle to a fecal Beat in the orchestra. He watched tho aotross attorn lively, so much so that sho oauglit his oye several Limes, aud ae she pronounced thoBe words, " 1 ouu lovo you no longer," tho man rose, put ou bis hat, bowed profoundly to Miss Davenport, and said, with much druuken gravity " ihst settles it," aud left the theatre. After yawning obstraBively, ohattoring noisily, &nd; behaving with bad taste through two aula of a piioe in whieh tho lats K. A. Botheru was performing, two "heavy Bwslla" of that day rose iu their box obviously with the intention of leaving, tiuthorn was muoh annoyed, and, turniug to the box, sail blandly to one <>l tbera : " Sir, thcro is uuothor aot!" Whereupon, with ouusnmmato impertinenoe bnt a rather ready wit, the bigger dandy of tho two retorted: "Yuan, tint's why I'm going!" — I'titit.y Cult. Mrs. B-rnsrd Berre, who has of'au played Lady '1 iszle (writes a Loudon uorrcep u .tut), Will on e lucre imperaecutc Sir ''etcr's lively wife on tbo oecasrii uf the revival of "Tho Sobot'l for BcHudul" nt tlio London Criterion. But few uro nwura that tbia versatilo lady has also ii | poured ns Charles eurfaoo. It win on tho occasion of old Chippendale's benefit during ucocnliy tour at Southport, and the result of this crrious uxpcritouut was an overflowing house, and a truiuiidous ruoall after tbo screen Eceru. Ao'.oisanct uatreesis are not nowadays eon- tent with merely talking and moving behind the row oi shining footlights that bounds their mimic w orld. They uro bnten by tho univorzal desire to pee their narnoB in print as authors Mrs. Kendal some tima ago Bueoumbod to a bad attack of literary fever, sad now Miss Ellen Torry is announced to bo 'suffering from the same complaint. Tho form hora will take is a paper totaled "Stray Memories," and it will see ibe light in tho forthcoming number of "The New Review." M. Derouiedo hirod the whole of the Ambigu Theatre, Paris, on March 17. whore a picoe entitled "La Regiment," wbioh is foil of patriotic sentiments, was played, and invited Lis political sympathisers, the members of tho Leaguo of Patriots, and their friends to witaess the performance. All the Bonlsngist deputies wero among those who responded to the invi tation. When M. Derouiedo entered the theatre ho was greeted with loud applause. All tho patriotic passages in tho play were reoeivid by the audience with noisy approval, and shouts of " Loug live the army." Edwiu Booth is quoted as tolling this story : " I went ono night to hearFcohtor iu a melo drama of a tragio oast. Iu one pare of tbo play Fichtor had to count out rnonoy. Ho was very deliberate, and said slowly : ' One, two, three, four, five,' and so on. The interest of the play wub bunging on tho tragedian's having enough money aud paying it over to the villain. Ho kept slowly oouuting, and the audience grew more restless for him to fiuish. A witty son of Erin, in the topmost gallery, getting tired, yelled : ' Mister Feohter, give him o cheque !' " : Tbo European Mail's clubman says: People are still fighting over Ibsun. The performance of " Ghosts," ono eveniug iu tho latter half of March, at tho Independent Theatre— a name whiab tbo attempt to form a theatre litre in London bus allotted to tho Royalty— has still further sccontuuted tho controversy. The critics if meat of tho papers, headed by tho rodotihiiiblo Mr Clemont Scott, have denounced it with nil their thunders. In their eyes the play ii- immoral, disgusting, impoBsiblo as dramatic int. The Ibsonitcs laugh at them, dubbn f Ihem .Philistines uud eulturelcaa persoDi, too blunted with tradition to endure the moiul lesson whieh every play of Ibsen contains. But li play of which the subject maltu ought not, iu thu Times writer's opinion, to be discussed outside a hospital, is certainly too bin lily seasoned dramatic food tor the avernpo palate. Thu Queen was present at the second theatri cal entertainment which has been given at Windsor Osstlo daring tho present season. Mr. John Hare and the Garriok company hav ing reovived Her Majesty's commands, pro duced there on March '7 "A Pair of Speo- tacles" and "A Quiet Rubber," before the court aud a number of ladies and gontlemen who hud been invited to join the royal oirole for the evtning. The performnnoo, ns in the case pi "The Gondoliers" (says the Queen) took plaoe in tho Waterloo Ohambor, whiolt was again carefully prepared by the Lord Chamberlain's department for tho oooaeion. The auditorium had boon muoh im proveo, an olliptlcal dais, projecting 9 feet from the front of the te-nporary gullory, having been constructed for the reooption of tho Queen, in order that Her Majesty might be some what tiesrer to the stage, and thus hear tbo players' voioeB more distinctly. Among tho royal and distinguished poreouagos who. Vtero invited to tho performance wore Princeae Louise (Marchionepa of Lorno), Prince and Princess Christian, Prinoo and Princoss Henry of Battcnberg, Duke and DuahoBB of Took, Priuoess Viotoria Mary of Took, the Marquis of Lorno, General Sir H. F. Fonsouby, Major-gcnoral Sir John Oowell aud Lady Cowell, Major, gonoral du Plat, tho Earl of Lathorn, Oolonol tho Hon. W. Csrington, Major-general Donnehy, Major Blggo uud Mrs. Bigge, Dr. Held, and othors. Pho Quoou returned from tho Waterloo Chamber at tho close of tho performance to hor apartmonts, and supper wub afterwards sorvod to over 100 of Her Majesty's guests in tho dining-room, whioh is adorned with tho groat and famous diver punchbowl. Tho players and orchestra, who were entertained at Her Majesty's com mand in the Audience and Frceonco Ohambor, returned early in tho morning by Great Western train to London. 