The Rose of CGatham. By MAURICE 'ITHOMIPSON. Chapter I.-Contiued. ston where, perhaps, Rose ..might meet him and welcome him in, when, as he turined ai corner, he collided with a man coming quite as swifty from the opposite direction. They both fell heavily. Pres cott on top. 'There was ta momentary scramble and some uniutelligible ejacu lations before they arose and faced each other, glaring through the f'ig. An imprecation of no uncertain sort now leaped from the stranger's lips, and at tho same time his arma flew out, his clinched fist striking the lieutenaut full in thechest with such force that he reeled back and'camn.near falling ginin. 1The blow was so sudden, heavy and alto: gether unexpected that the surprise was greater than the injury. Before Pres ciart could recover himself his assailant had passed on and was lost in the fog, leaving behind him the sting of a very cutting insult added to the indignity of the fist stroke. "Take that, you infernal rebel dog. and keep oat of a gentleman's wayl" With these exasperating words ring ing in his ears, and with the dull pain of the buffet on his breast, the young lieutenant whipped out his sword and blindly tried to pursue; but the man was gone. Turning about presently he resumed his way, most thoroughly excited and actually trembling from head to foot. Never before had he felt such anger, such uncontrollable and savage rage. The man's face was as firmly fixed in his memory as. if it had been painted there, although he had seen it but dinly. It was a strong, rather stolid English face, with a long mustache, a firm, cruel mouth and a peculiarly heavy though straight and by no means ill shaped nose. "I'll know the scoundrel if I ever see him again," the lieutenant gnashed, "and I'll break his neck if I can, con found hin! A British emissary, I'll -wager my life." There had been that in the fellow's voice which bespoke him a gentleman in one sense of the word-that is, it was the voice of an educated man-and Pres cott was somehow strangely impressed (as he became aware when his fit of'des psrate rage had subsided) with a certain power in it, the power of one .gifted in some extraordinary way. Altogether the bit of adventure had left a vivid reflection on tihe young man's mind, and it was with the sense of hav ing passed a crisis in his life that he strode on rather slowly, his puilso still abnornmally quick and his nerves tin. gling strangely. When he reached the gate of lMr. Fen wicke's house he found it locked and looking up he saw no light in the win dows. He rapped upon the oaken bars, hoping that Rose might hear him were she near. All was quite silent and still; save that a large mastiff growled threat eningly from some point inside the nar row space between the wall and thohouse. What could this mean? It was not late, not late etiodgh for the household to be asleep. Could they be gone away? Some dark presentiment began to take form in his brain as he stood with his hand on the top of the tall gate. Again he rapped loudly. and listened as the sharp echoes rattled through the recesses of the rambling and rather gloomy build. ing, which seemed to stare }acantly at him. It was mostly his excited imagina tion, for presently the negro porter canme and unlocked the gate, after inquiring who it was that desired to enter. The mastiff was troublesome. Evidently it wished to get at the lieutenant, trying to break away from the negro even after Prescott had mounted th.e steps and was clanging noisily with the lieavy brass knocker. A pleasant surprise awaited the young man, however, for, instead of a servant, Rose came to open the door, which she did with the manner of one who doubts the propriety of the act. "Ohl" she pried out, starting and near ly dropping the lamp. '"Is it you, Lieut. Prescott? I was not expecting yoV and -and" "Why, how you tremble!" lie ex claimed, stepping in and closing the door behind him, his hand outstretchedl for greeting. "Whatisit, Rose? Whathas happened?" She was pale, and the launp she bore itn her ha4d shook violently. "Go away: don't speak again," she whispered. "Quick- goel" It was now his turn to show surprise and almost alarm. "What do you mean, Rose?" "I cannot tell you now, but you must go awwy-qquick, quicki" Sihe put forth an agitated hand apj4 g;yi him a little push to emphasize her words, which were uttered withlintensestvehemence, though in a low whisper He stood irresolute, gazing at her, the surprise and mystery of the situation still bew.ilering him. She continued u9 push him and to urge him. "Go: please go quickly. You must, you must."' "But Rose, tell me, explain. What is all tlhis for? What have I done?" "Nothing, nothing, Don't speak, hurry away, gel" He was mlmw outside the doorway on the uppermost step .lrl she with tlhe door half closed was looking at him, the trem bling light'from the lamp flickering on her pale, earnest, excited, beautiful face. She was still motioning him away. A puff of air blew out the lamp. Prescott was not sure whether or not it was Rose that caused the darkness by a puff from her bloodless lips. "Some one is coming, go very lightly, make o !!oiseao, hurry away. Good-by, dear, dear \ iaynel" ie hIearl her say, and then the dorn' closed with a b''rely audible click of tli helavy llch. Dazed, cruelly torlured, quite baflied in every way, the poor lover turned fromi the house and passed out inlto tile street, where he paused ,and looked, up, in the vain hope of catching, some, assuring: gjim'ps; all was dark and, thoe fog ?as every msinlote grewiss; v eil hseI'. Not a Pund, not a glisit pf' ltlht, p?qt a l~lt'tq,. life ciiO !ro? tliS dim, solessin "ooking mansion. lo lngagered for a while, lie hardly knew why, tion wai?lke4 alowly and, for for tho first time il hiis life, pnsteudily, away, taking the direcpt.o of ?is coli pay's c amp, N'aturally enough the words "Good-by, dear, dear Wayne," were ringing sweetly, yet with almost unbearable 'pathos, in his cars. True lover that he was, he felt the security of his hold upon Rose's heart. He could not doubt her faithfulness. What then was the meaning of the strange treat ment he had received? Of course it was quite impossible for him to formulate any satisfactory explanation, and the more he thought of it the more mysteri ous it seemed. Doubtless his imagina tion exaggerated the whole affair, but at best, under the circumstances, there was much in it to arouse the deepest anxiety, if not the wildest and mosit shapeless suspicions which now crowded his brain. Hitherto lie had been a frequent and al ways welcome visitor at the Fenwicke place; nothing of which he was aware had happened to cause the sudden change, nor was there any theory upon which he could account for the singular and almost frantic conduct of Rose in driving him away. In going back toward the camp he did not rush along with the eager haste that had urged him when his feet were set in the other direction, but trudged heavily and slowly, with his face drawn and his hands clinched. The fog, driven in mro and more from the river, the creeks and the ilarsh es lying seaward, was now- so close and heavy that it mnade the darkness almost as great as if there had been no moon at all. The lieutenant had forgotten his collision with the strange main earlier in the evening, but the incident was sud denly and forcibly recalled by being re peated. Plump together they ran again, but this time, as Prescott was moving slowly and his opponent very rapidly, the former found himself flat on his back in the sandy street, while the sturdy stranger was going on' his way appar ently not in the least discoucertsed. This was less seen than felt and heard by the prostrate and thoroughly enraged lieu tenant, who sprang to his feet and slash ed away with his sword, much gratified that it struck the very substantial but quito invisiblo enemy, who turned and fired a pistol. By the quick, keeli blaze the men saw each other for an instant. The shot missed, and again Prescott cut savagely, this time making an ugly wound on the other's face. Another flash and sharp report; the ball grazed the lieutenant's arm and plowed along his side. Then the eman rawheod upon him and dashed him to the earth as if he had been a child, kicking him - and stamping upon him heavily. "Take that-and thatf, and that, you dirty dog of at rebel!" Prescott heard and then becatmo in sensible. CHAPTER II. There is no reason why the reader of this sketch of early American history should be kept in suspense touching the apparent mystery of Rose Fenwicke's action as recorded in the foregoing chap= ter. If our purpose were to make a sen sational story, nothing would be niore to the point than to tantalize expectation with a seriesof but lhalf explained cir cumstances tending to mystify instead of clarify that occurrence, which in fact was the outcoule, in a way, of old Mr. Fenwicko's loyalty to Great Britain, and of course his disloyalty to the American government in the great struggle for in dependence. Acting under secret orders from Sir Henry Clinton, Col. Westfield Maynard, so called, had come'to Savannah for the purpose of scheming for the occupmition of the city by the British troops. May nard was pot, in fact, a colonel. Indeed he held no office. His true character was that of a most intrepid 'amil"daring adventurer, absolutelpy fearless, almost a giant in stature, possessed of it most insinuating manner, thoroughly un scrupulous and withal handsome and gifted in no ordinary degree. Making his way to Savannah, by means known only to himself, hle had, on reaching the city, gomle straightway to the Fenwicko mansion, in accqrdaneo witl suggestions contained in his letters from Sir Henry Clinton. Mr. Fenwicke, the' oneo of the wealthi est citizens, and perhaps the very most influential one in Savannah, was known to the British authorities as a stanch and uncompromising friend to the home ggqvernnent, a man upon whom they could saifely rely for bofl! sylnlathmy umt1 material aid in any schetme to advance their interests. Of 'c5urse there were other Tories in the city, all of them well known. to Mr. Fenwiicke, and the first thing Maynard did was to influence Fenwicke to call a secret meeting of t.hse at his house. The readers will Pliy quickly under stand why Rose forced her lover front the house; for at that very time the Tory meeting was in session in a back room. The girl's good sense told her that if Lieut. Prescott should discover her fa ther's connection with a treasonable transaction it would be thIe young mau's duty to have lin arrested forthwith, and the result nuight be most terrible, for just aht that partleclJar poim) in the progre.s of thIe revolutionary struggle thi bitter est hatred of the Tories was nursedl by the American soldiery. Maynard discloset o the little knot of Tories huddled in that closely blinded rear roomu that Iieut. CGal. ArablFhIalp Campbell was then on his wiy from Sandy Hook with a fleet bearing an army sent by Sir IHenry Clinton to take aind oc cupy Savanlnah. Accidentally Rose over henn thisa, and became aware of what was going on. Thie mansion had been darkened to prevent visitqrs from 6!.q!Pipmg i!, ani) all thIe proceedings of tihe cdnispiritors were conducted with the utmnost caufiou.. Knowing that Lieut. Prescott was ab sent on picket or outpost duty, Rose had not dreamed of his coming, when sud- deinly his rap resoulnded on the door One thought-that of preventing the young n;aq frmhl discovering her father's connection with a plot for dellvtQfung th6p city over to the enemy-drove every thing else fromn her head. When he was gone she stood just. In side the door, her heart beating wildly and her brain reeling with the excite ment of the occasion. At heart she Was an earnestrebel,'thoroughly in sympathy with the struggle for independence; but she loved her father, and could not bear the thought of having him arrested as a Tory and a traitor. Now that he was safe for the time, the strain of the situation relaxed as suddenly as it had come on and she was too weak to stand. She tot tered to a table and set the lamp on it, and then fell upon a sofa, nerveless and white as a ghost. It was but a few mo ments, however, that the weakness pre vailed; her nature was strong and elastic, and her will was of the sort with which revolutionary women of the best stamp were endowed. Even in. the moment when she was thrusting her lover from the door the resolve was forming itself, under her consciousness, so to say; that, if she could prevent it, Savannah should not be betrayed and her gates opened to the British. Maynard had left the house but a few minutes before Lieut. Prescott knocked. Indeed it had seemed to Rose that the former must have been at the gate when the latter entered. She wondered if this were so, and if the lieutenant would sus pect what hind been going on. One by one the conspirators left the house and went their way. What they had deter umined upon is not known, save that some plan was agreed to which Maynard re gardred;as of probable value in' aid of Lieut.'Col. Archibald Campbell's project for taking the city. All were gone, and the Fenwicko house hold were on the point of retiring when. Maynard suddenly returned gashed and bleeding from a long, deep wound across the side of his handsome face. "A confounded rebel officer," he said, "ran against me just out yonder. Fetch a surgeon as soon as possible or I shall bleed to death." Servants were called. "Be careful in this matter," Maynard managed to Inurinur before lihe reeled into a chair. "Remember that there is danger if I antsuispected-danger for you all. Dotn'tget a-a-reb--rbel surgeon," he gasped, "but be-be quick!" The blood was flowing freely, saturat ing his clothes. lie was as white as at dead man . The household was alarmed in two ways, for Maynard appeared about to die, and that of itself was ter rible. Beyond this lay the danger of having a British spy in the house, which was the greatest of all crnmes just then. There was nio time for hesitation, how ever. A servant went posthaste in search of a surgeon, while others bore Maynard unp to a secluded room and put him to bed with ai banidage round his face. The wound proved not ,so bad after all. "He will be hlimself again in less than a fortnight," said the surgeon, after dressing the gash. "Duel, I pre snume," he added, sotto voce, to Mr. Fen wicko at the door on taking his leave. "These young llen are such idots." "To be sure," responded the old man, glad to clutch at such an explauntion. "To be sure, and I suppose they always will be. We were young once, doctor." Meeanwhilo Lieut. Prescott lay w\here Maynard -left him, cold and senseless, his sword under him nid one arm out stretched along the sanid. Slowly the fog lifted and was blown away, giving ilaoo to a broan shiimler of moonlight that emphasized tl.j dark walls ani gloomy nooks of the straggling town, and mnado the stillness and silence seem projected like substantial, tangible parts of the scene. CHAPTER III. "Hoto li« cc y u learnca what yoit; tell Doubtless it is i?tpossible at this time to look back and understand with any degree of realization the peculiar situa tion in which Rose Fenwicice found her self when she had sufficiently recovered from the evening's excitement to take a somewhat calm view of what had trans. pireal. 1fn the Ceclusio:l of her chamber shao thought it all over, with the rapidly growing impression that it was her duty to go straightway to the headquarters of the little American garrison and make known to the commanding officer the plot being arranged to betray the city. But as often as she turned this in her mind the connection of her father with t1Io trelsougllbe tiattfajv eftsrtltq her and made any disclosure appeari'mpossible. She slept none that flight. Lndeed she scarcely thought Qof leep. Her nerves were wrought to high tension and her whole nature was al?sorhlei in tlle con tolerattlon of I plan for hbalking .layuard ind his allies. Strange that it should have been nearly the last hour of the night before a thought, which might (under a less strain of excitement) have been suggested at once by Maynard's re mark, calll upon her mind with almost stunning suddenne~., The wolu?mc4 si.t l upliotn optering the house had said that ho had been hurt by a rebel officer. Why hadl sho not thought of Prescott? It was so plai?n now that It was ho who cut that gash. They must have met in the street and fought there. Instantly the dreadful question arose, Was Lieut. Prescott hurt? Then she reimembered !lhat sie 1?sud lcard two pistol shuts ring oput clear and keen through the fuggy night air. iHer heart stopped short for nwhile, to presently leap into her throat with almost suffocating throbs. With that swift and vivid readi ness comumon to young and imaginative minds, her fancy pictured her lover lying dead with upturnedface in the moon light. A cold chill crept over er and her limbs shook as with an aguile. Loud and clear the cocks in the back court crowed out the hour of dawn. She sprang up, threw on her clothes and passed out into the street. As if by some unerring intuition she went directly to the spot where Prescott and Maynard had fought. There were deep marks of the struggle in the sand, and some streaks and dashes of blood were visible in the gray chill morning glimmer. She looked about, her eyes scanning as best they could the surrounding space; then came a great re llef-a sense of escape from a burden of horrible dread. A drum rolled out th4 morning call atthe little American camp. With but a moment's hesitation she went swiftly on in the direction of the sound, and was soon face to face with the sentinel in front of the officers' quarters. "I wish to see Gen. Howe," sh9 ,said abruptly. The sentinel called the officer of the guard, a corporal, who came'forvward in a moment. "Well, madam," lihe demanded, doffing his well worn cap, "what is it you wish?" "I must see Gen. Howe." "Sorry I nm thathe'snot here, mnadiiam, but he is not.. 'Ho is at the Tatuall man sion." 'Then eoid I soothe neit officer in clinargie?" "Col. Huger is here, madam." "Tell hinm I have something impuortant to say to him." Leaving her with the sentinel the cor poral turned about and walked away. In a few minutes he came back, and bidding her follow led the way to ia small house surrounded by tents. Col. Huger, who had just risen anid hastily dressed him self, received her in a small, plainlyfur nished room which was well saturated with the fumes of tobacco. He was very polite and kind in his manner, but at first did not recognize her. - "It is because I could not help it that I have couno here," sihe hurriedly began. "There is a plot to betray the city into the enemy's hands. A fleet is already on the way here fromnt Sandy Hook, and there is now in Savannah an emissary of the British going about among the To ries." The colonel recognized her while she was spelking, and the slightest shade of perplexity gathered on his eyes. She was beautiful,and her embarrassment height cued the effect of her face. "You are Miss Fenwicko, I believe," lie said, with grave courtesy. She nodded and the color slipped out of her cheeks. "How have you learned what you tell rime;" be inquired, fixing his eyes steadily upon hrc's. She shrank and looked down, but pres ently her native courago asserted itself. She returned his gaze steadily with clear, innocent eyes, while the rosy flush came slowly up into her face again. "You must not insist upon- that ques tion," shel answered; "for I cannot tell you. You may be sure that I havo it from the directest channel of informna tion. The British will land to-morrow or the next day." She arose to go. '!Aid the emissary, who is lie and where is lie?" demanded the colonel. - "I cannot tell you." "You amust!" "I will not." Tile colonel's face relaxed ahnlmost to a smile. "Very well," he said. '.Sergeaut, take a carriago and drive this lady to her hone." A ooiling red headed officer came out of an adjoining room and bowed. "Get'b cauTiage,"!repeated tho.colonel, "and wliehi the man was goene lie turned to Rose iand said: "It is scarcely possible that your inl formation is reliable, but I will hionor it, coming from you. I amn surprised that you bring it to us, but . piut all the more proud of your ?satriotism," She knew fllvit hie was thinking of her father and connecting him with the conspiracy. "How strong is the force of the Brit ish reported to be?" lie inquired after a few seconds of silence, "and who com manded?" "It is ia strong force under Lieut.-Col. Archibald Campbell and Colinodaore Parker." "WlVheul il I t sail from Sandy Hook?" '!On the 27th of November." "Did you hear what troops they have?" "The Seventy-first regiment of foot, "four battalions of Provincials, two of Hessians and a detachment of artillery." He looked at her in surprise. Her memory seemed absolutely clear anid ready. Somehow the sincerity iand dig nity of her liegsing and the extreme headuty of her face gave singular force to her statemenets. Ho knew that her father was a bitter Tory; at least that was the well grounded belief of gyeay body, and it seemed stpauge, indeed, that this, his only child, should come as the bearer of such infornmatiol. Of course the roliel's first thought 'YIV the s~ispicia thlnt Mir. Fonwicke inss he deeply concerned in the con .Tq Seorgeant had returned at this moo ment and was standing uncovered in tile doorway, lds rod hair shining and his fAcokled face beaming with good nature. "The carriago is ready, Col. Huger," hlie said, nsaluting. Rose, after bidding the colonel good nmorning, turned and followed the ser geant, who gallantly handed hlier lutu the carriage and bade the uegro drivcr follow her directions, .lefore rearhing thIe Fenwlicko man sioi? Roso' ordered the driver to stop tile vehicle, and she got out to finish the dis tance on foot, not wishiig any of the houselhold to see liher in Col. Hugcr's car riage, which would be sure to provoke awkward inquiries. Fortunately neither hleu, ?png out nor her consinsg ii wms observed, and she iade her way.to her room, where she lung herself down exhausted, soon fall lug asleep. No sooner was Rose gone from Ilis presence thanm Col. Huger ordered his horse and galloped to the Tatuall resi dence to see Gen. Howe am4 advise him of what she had toq. The general dis 