, PUSETISM, OB THE OXEOED I TBAGTAEIAN SCHOOL. ! (BT LOED MAOAULET.) , Continued.') J But this first proposition, however . doubtful, is susceptible of evidence almost ; demonstrative, compared with that offered . for half a dozen others involved in the .integral reception of the - doctrine of AjLpOBvOilGn'i pUCCvBBlOlJf xCCOFQlIlgll , . there are thousands of Episcopalians, who i yvhile they affirm a preponderance of evi dence on behalf of Episcopacy, contemp- ' tuously repudiate this incomprehensible t Aogma : of these Archbishop Whately is J an illustrious example. The theory is, that each Bishop, from , the Apostolic times, has received in his ( ordination a mysterious " gift," indicated ;,in the respective offices by the awful , words, " Eeceive the Holy Ghost;" that . on this the right of Priests to assume their , functions, and the preternatural grace of . the sacraments administered by them, , depends : that Bishops, once consecrated, . instantly become a sort of Leydeu jar of ' Spiritual electricity, and are invested with the remarkable property of transmitting the "gift" toothers: that this has been ' the case from the primitive age till now; that this high gift has been incorruptibly tra.nBmitted through the hands of impure, . profligate, heretical ecclesiastics, as ignor- ' ant and flagitious as any of their lay con temporaries ; that, in fact, these " gifts " are perfectly irrespective of the moral . character and qualifications both of bishop , and priest, and reside in equal integrity in a Bonner or a Cranmer— a Parsons \ Adams or a Parson Trulliber. , Numberless are the questions which . reason and charity forthwith put to the advocates of this doctrine, to hone of j which will they deign an answer except -the one already given — that believing is '..seeing, and implicit faith the highest de- , monstration. What is imparted? what transmitted ? Is it something or nothing ? . Is consecration or ordination accompanied , (as in primitive times) by miraculous ..powers, by any invigoration of intellect, by increase of knowledge, by greater . purity of heart? It is not pretended; ! anid if it were, facts contradict it, as all /histoiy testifies; the ecclesiastic who is ; ignorant or impnre before ordination, is just as much so afterwards. Do the ' parties themselves profess to be conscious ,.of receiving the gift ? No. Is the con- . veyance made evident to us by any proof which certifies any fact whatsoever — by sensej experience, or consciousness ? It , is not affirmed. In a word, it appears to ( be a nonentity inscribed with a very for- nddable name — a very substantial shadow ; and dispute respecting it appears about as hopeful as that concerning the .."indelible character" imparted in the ,;hnreiterable sacraments of the Bomish Church ; of which Campbell archly says .rr" As to the uhi oi the character, there .was no less variety of sentiments — some .placing it in the essence of the soul, .others in the understanding: some in the (Will, and others more- plausibly in the imagination; others even in the hands jand tongue : but, by the general voice, the body was excluded. So that the . whole of what they agreed in amounts to this, that in the unreiterable sacraments, ,as they call them, something, they know nptji What, is imprinted, they know not :hbw, on something in the soul of the re cipient, they know not where, which never can be deleted." . Again, who can certify that this gift .has j,., been incorruptibly transmitted through the impurities, heresies, and 'iprwce of the dark ages? Is there nothing that can invalidate Orders? '". Yes," say some of these men, " error in :damentals will." Others affirm it will not ; , but still, with that superstitious reverence for forms which ever attends jieglect of the substance, declare that they .may be invalidated " if the formalities, of , consecration have not been duly ob- petved l" Either answer will serve, the purpose. If error in essentials is suffi cient to invalidate Orders, we ask — had the Bomish Church so erred when you separated from her ? If she had, her own Orders were invalid, and she could not transmit yours. If she had not, as you all affirm that nothing but heresy in fundementala can juslify separation, you are schismatics, and your own Orders are invalid. What are the conditions on which the validity of Orders depends, or whether any thing can annul them except some in formality in . ordination itself, our Angli can friends are very reluctant to state. That they dp not insist on all those con ditions of the Bomish Church which made Chillingworth say, that " of a hundred seeming priests, it was doubtful whether there was one one " is certain ; and it is equally certain that they are discreet in adopting such a course. The Fathers, indeed, often insist, upon purity of life and integrity of doctrine as necessary to authenticate the claims of a successor of the Apostles ; but it would not he con venient, with the ecclesiastical history of the middle ages spread out before us, to insist strongly on any such requisites ; it being certain that in those ages there has been no lack of simoniacal, atheistical, and profligate Prelates; though, if simony, atheism, and profligacy will not annul " holy orders," truly we know not what will. The majority, therefore, seem to have determined that there is hardly any amount of doctrinal depravity or practical licentiousness which could repel the in dwelling spirit of holiness — though, in- comprensible dogma! an error in the form of consecration may ! Be it so. The chances are still infinite that there have not heen flaws somewhere or other in the long chain of the succession — and though these may be few, yet as no one knows where the fatal breach may be, it is sufficient to spread universal panic through the whole Church. What bishop can be sure that he and his predecessors in the same line have always been duly consecrated ? or what presbyter, that he was ordained by a bishop who had aright to ordain him ? Who will undertake to trace up his spiritual pedigree unbroken to the very age of the Apostles, or give us a complete catalogue of bis spiritual ancestry ? We can imagine the perplexity of a presbyter thus cast in doubt as to whether or not he has ever had the invaluable " gift " of Apostolic succession conferred upon him. As that "gift" is neither tangible nor visible, the subject neither of experience nor consciousness ; — as it can not be known by any " effects " produced by it, (for that mysterious efficacy which attends the administration of rites at its possessor's hand, is like the gift which qualifies him to administer them, also in visible and intangible,) — he may Imagine, unhappy man 1 that he has been " re generating " infants by baptism, when he has been simply sprinkling them with water. " What is the matter ?" the spec tator of his distractions might ask. "What have you lost?" "Lost?" would be the reply, " I fear I have lost my apostolical succession, or rather, my misery is that I do not know and cannot tell whether I ever had it to lose I" It is of no use here to suggest the usual ques tions, " When did you see it last ? When were you last conscious of possessing it?" What a peculiar property is that of which though so invaluable — nay, on which the whole efficacy of the Christian ministry depends — a man has no positive evidence to show whether he ever had it or not ! which, if ever conferred, was conferred without his knowledge: and which, if it could be taken away, would still leave him ignorant, not only when, where, and how the theft was committed, but whether it had ever been committed or not ? The sympathising friend might, probably, re mind him, that as he was not sure he had ever had it, so, perhaps, he still had it without knowing it ! " Perhaps 1" he would reply ; " but it is certainty I want." " Well," it might be said, " Mr. Gladstone assures you, that, on the most moderate computation, your chances are as 8000 to 1 that you haye it 1" " Pish I" the dis tracted man would exclaim, " what does Mr. Gladstone know about: the matter?" And, truly, to that query we know not well what answer the friend could make. It is true, however, that Mr. Gladstone, in his Church irineiples, proposes to re move any such perilous doubt as may arise from: the historic difficulties against the doctrine of succession, (on which we have said the less as they are so un answerably, as we think, urged in our Article on his first work,) by nothing less than mathematical evidence 1 It is a novelty to find him reasoning at any time ; and mathematical accuracy is in deed more than we looked for. But.it is a perversion of language, and an insifft to the human understanding, to tk of mathematical evidence in such a q' ;!4tion. Though mathematical in form, tn largu- ment, treating it seriously and dedt|buBly, yields but a probable conclusion. By a novel applicaraon of the theory of ratios and proportion, he endeavours to show that, on the least favorable computation, the chances for the.true consecration of any bishop are 8000 to 1. " If it be ad mitted," says he, " that regular consecra tion was the general practice, but only insinuated that there may have been here and there an exception through neglect, say, for example, 1 in 500 — for argu ment's sake let us grant so much ; upon this showing, the chances for the validity of the consecration of every one of the three officiating bishops in a given case are J 1500:1. For the validity of those of two out of the three, 11500X500= (sic) 25,000:1. For the validity of some one out of the three, 1500x25,000 =12,000,000 : 1. If, however, this be not enough, let us pursue the numerical argument one step farther, and instead uf taking the original chances at 1 to 500, let us reduce them lower than perhaps any adversary would demand ; let us place them at 1 in 20. On this extrava gant allowance, the chances in favor of the validity of the consecration of a bis hop who receives bis commission from 3 of the order, are only 20x20x20=8000 : 1." Be it so : this only diminishes the pro bability that, in any given case, the sus picion of invalidity is unfounded ; — it still leaves the proposition untouched, that there is a probability that such invalidity exists, and as no one knows where, the panic is not allayed. What is wanted, is a criterion which shall distinguish the genuine Orders from the spurious. Alas! who knows but he may be the unhappy 8000th ? Aceording to Mr. Gladstone's theory, limited as his view of the subject is, no man in the Church of England has a right to say that he is " commissioned to preach the gospel," but only that he has parts of certainty that he is ! A felicitous mode of expression it must be confessed. . What would be the fraction expressing the ratio of probability, on the supposition that simony, heresy, or in fidelity can invalidate holy orders, is — considering the history of the middle ages — far beyond our arithmetic. To he continued.) A Mew Sensation.—' Iron ' says :— 'Amongst all the wild ideas which have emanated from the fertile brain of a man, that of M. Aristide Barges, a French engineer, is abont the wildest. His invention is to form one of the attractions of the Ohicago Exhibition. He proposes the construotion of another Eiffel Tower from which those wishing for new sensations are to be dropped in a car. He estimates that at the end of a drop of, say, 1000ft. the velocity is more than double that of the fastest train. The chief point is to receive the passengers safe and sound at the end of their journey through space. M. Berges gives the car the form of a projectile which he drops in a well of suf ficiently deep water. His oar is to be capable of holding fifteen passengers, its interior dimensions are 10ft by 8ft, the floor resting on springs. The lower part oonsists of a series of cones in order to prevent the com pression of the air in the chamber when the projectile drops into the water. Its total weight is 11 tons, and its displacement 11 tons. For a drop of a little over 1000ft, the depth of water in the well would be 180ft. We may add that the designer proposes to fasten the passengers down in their seats.' xiie Elections. — The air, both Country and Town, is full of elections : and everybody is predicting the triumph or the failure of candidates. Eaoh party is confident or says it is confident of success. Yet we believe there is no reason, in most cases, for this confidence. There are 60 many candidates for each electorate, so many vague opinions easily twisted either way, so many hollow cries, and so much fiinohings from open avowal of opinions or of bias, that it seems to us like that mode of chance play which consists in drawing out a slip of paper out of a bundle of them in a bag. The present election does not promise the triumph or defeat of any one principle, or of two or three. Most of the polling will be done on the " go as you please " style. We must await, not anticipate results. Mr. Want was supposed to be a rare exception to this. He went in openly for non-federation : not merely for federation, but not the convention bill. So far so good — for we applaud the candour of men who speak out and act out their opinions. But then when Mr. Want addressed the electors of Paddington on Tuesday night, having announced himself, as he always professed to be, a strong free trader, he oame out with a statement which stultified this profession, viz., that he would support ad valorem duties, for revenue pur poses; Mr. Want apparently caught the malady of insincerity now become epidemic in N. S. Wales. A man may bonestly be a protectionist believing protection to be con ducive to the public good : or he may honestly be a free-trader convinced of the excellence of the policy of free-trade : bat what kind of naixture or jumble must that man be who profejsses both ? The Electors appear to have suoh a man out of Mr. Want. He is a free- trader — a pronouncsd one, and wants ad valorum duties on all imported goods : We hope he will recover soon after the ballot. more Rowdsrlsm— Mr. McMillan's address in the New Masonic Hall was an ex ception to the order prevailing at the election eering meetings held during the week. That well-known m>b of disturbers made night hideous with their organized uproar. They appear to have a peculiar malice against the Treasurer. His story of the improved con dition of the finances is in print, and their malice though disgraceful was impotent. We say not this because of any side we wish to take in the contest : but in the interest of freedom of speech on every side, which ought to be dear to every one who values liberty. Silencing open speech by clamour is the first and surest indication of the failure of popular liberty. If it is suffered to pre vail, surely our boasted - freedom is doomed. No popular form of government could survive the habit of suppression of free speech. Why it is the very spirit of Popery and despotism. Baccarat Scandal.— So far as we can yet see, the Prince of Wales comes out of that affair of Sir William Gordon Oummiog far better than we feared. He seems to have acted towards the accused baronet with an excess of good nature. Being informed of his delinquency he knew that the usual course would necessitate his exposure and the forfeiture of his position in society, in the army, and at court. To save him from this fate he joined with the other companions, to get Sir W. G. 0. to sign a paper confessing his fault, and promising never to play at cards again, that is if he were not exposed. His sin was the private addition to his stake, in noiseless counters, when he found his own hand good. The thing leaked oat for all the intentions of the company. The baronet broke his written engagement, and sued old friends for damages for speaking of the tran saction. The judge and jury find a verdict for the defendants, and the baronet, however popularly the favourite, goes forth branded as a cheater at cards. The effect on him in his position is as bad as death. There is nothing against the Prince of Wales : except the lamentable fact, already too conspicuous, that his most intimate companions were gamblers, and bis chosen pleasures more than " questionable." This is not a good record for the heir of a great empire: and it will tend to weaken the sentiment of monarchy among the people. Princes must show them selves princely— and useful, if they expect to be supported in their high and expensito functions. He is said to point to . his son Albert Victor, half-jest half-earnest at times, saying " behold the last of the Kings of Eng land !" Aye ; what if Albert Edward were the last ! 