The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1891. LORD JERSEY arrived in Melbourne on Saturday. He was received with a good deal of ceremony, and in the evening the Governor gave a dinner in his honour. MEASURES are being taken by the Admiralty to increase the strength of the British navy by 6000 men. IT is notified that from February 1 France will discountenance all commercial treaties except con- ventions based on the most-favoured-nation clause. IT is generally believed in London that Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Manchester and ex-Bishop of Melbourne, will be elevated to the Archbishopric of York. SERVIA is being supplied with arms by Russia, and it is stated that she would be able to throw 60,000 troops on the Hungarian side of the Danube within two hours. IT is asserted by the St. James's Gazette that General Booth lent Mr. Stead £5000 of the money of the Salvation Army, with which to pur- chase an interest in the Review of Reviews. IT is reported by a committee of French scientists that the action of the lymph used in connection with. Dr. Koch's cure for consumption bewilders the ablest physicians. A REPORT is current that a mutual agreement has been arrived at between Great Britain and Austria whereby the former undertakes not to oppose Austria with regard to Salonica, provided that she supports Great Britain in her relations with Turkey, Armenia, and Egypt. THE winter in England this season is said to be the severest known this century. There have been 46 days of frost, and great suffering has been caused in London and other large towns. On the Continent several people have been frozen to death. A POLICE constable, his wife, and daughter have been arrested at Christchurch (N.Z.), charged with the murder of a child. IN connection with the railway strike in Scot- land, it is stated that the strikers are now less hope- ful of gaining the day. Many of the men have been heavily fined for leaving their work. MR. BROWN, Inspector-General of Forests is at Broken Hill, and will report on the suitability of the distriot for tree-growing. ACCORDING to a despatch received by the New Zealand Government the American Congress is likely to pass a bill providing for a subsidy of £60,000 for a fortnightly mail service, and £38,000 for a monthly service. THE steamer Hawkesbury was burnt to the water's edge at Windsor yesterday morning. The crew had great difficulty in getting away with a portion of their clothing. The vessel was insured for £3000, but she was valued at £5000, and she had about £500 worth of cargo on board at the time. A WOMAN named Jane Ward, the wife of a labourer living at Bowral, committed suicide on Saturday by hanging herself. HEAVY snowstorms have taken place in Austria- Hungary. The whole of the railway and other traffic is suspended, and the streets are impas- sable. A POLITICAL meeting at Hegeley (Tasmania) pledged itself to support the protectionists at the general election. THERE will soon be no lack of steam communica- tion with Australia. The German-Australian Steamship Company intend to despatch a vessel here every three weeks, and a Liverpool firm is building four steamers for the Liverpool- Australian trade. A GIRL named Annie Smith, who was serving a sentence of 21 months' imprisonment for larceny, escaped from the Melbourne Gaol on Friday night. She had been acting as servant in the house of the governor of the gaol. OWING to the severity of the weather in Holland and Belgium the shipping industry is completely suspended. The harbour of Antwerp is closed by ice. THREE shops at Norwood, one of the eastern suburbs of Adelaide, were destroyed by fire on Saturday. The damage is estimated at between £2000 and £3000. TUHE Premier of Western Australia, the Hon. John Forrest;, has been re-elected to a seat in the Assembly. A FLOUR ring is projected in the north of Eng- land, with a capital of £2,000,000. A GERMAN station on the eastern shore of the Victoria Nyanza has been fortified by Emin Pasha, and the Pasha is now returning to the coast. A HOUSEBREAKER, who was disturbed whilst ran- sacking n house at Albert Park, Melbourne, and who was afterwards arrested, had in his possession nearly 100 keys, more than half being skeleton keys. THE statement that Germany intends to establish a protectorate over the Gilbert Archipelago, a group of 16 islands in the North Pacific is denied by the Berlin correspondent of the Standard. IN a letter to the Bishop, Captain Rossi notifies his intention of replacing his family tablet in St. Saviour'a Parish Ohuroh, Goulburn, from whence he states it has been improperly removed. THERE is a marked increase in the revenue re- turns at Cobar this year over those of the previous year. OWING to part of the machinery breaking down the steamer Lubra, which left Newcastle on Satur- day morning for Sydney, signalled for assistance, but was afterwards able to proceed on her voyage. IT is stated that three of the local mills at Goulburn are now working under the eight-hour system. A STRANGE death is reported from Newcastle. A man fell down, breaking a bottle whioh he was carrying, the result being that a deep wound was inflicted in his arm causing him to bleed to death. THE death is announced at Goulburn of a man named George Pellet from sunstroke. MR. FITZHERBERT, Speaker of the Legislative Council of New Zealand, has resigned owing to ill health. THE fund raised for the relief of the distress in Ireland reaches £10,000. The Queen gave a dona- tion of £-200. A DECISION has been given by Mr. Henry Mason Bompas, Q.C., whilst acting as Recorder at Plymouth, that strikes are illegal if conducted with the view of compelling employers not to employ non-union labour. SIR HENRY PARKES has declined to receive the deputation which proposed waiting on him with reference to the dismissal of Mr. Hoyle from the railway service. The Premier will be prepared to receive any deputation from the railway servants tbemselves if they have any legitimate grievance to complain of, but the Government must dis- countenance any attempt to impair the efficient control of the Commissioners. A SOLEMN mass is to be celebrated in Lisbon for the success of the Portuguese expedition to Mozam- bique. IT is announced by Mr. Gladstone that the Oppo- sition contemplate introducing a bill into Parlia- ment at an early date embodying the one man one vote principle. A LOAN of £1,100,000 has been placed upon the London market by the Government of Cape Colony, and it is reported that a new Victorian loan is contemplated. THE question of the leadership of the Irish party is not yet settled. It is generally believed that Mr. Justin McCarthy is anxious to retire from the position; but Mr. Parnell states that he is determined to fight for the leadership, and that he is satisfied with the result of the conference between himself and Mr. O'Brien. In another portion of this issue we publish our usual summary of news for England per the S.S. Oruba. IT is reported in connection with the Sioux war in America that many Indians have sent in their submission, and that they are now fighting amongst themselves. The United States troops are drawing closer the cordon they have formed round the Indians. A PIRATICAL outrage is reported in the China Seas. The steamer Namoa was boarded when 35 miles from Hongkong. The captain and some passengers were shot and the vessel looted. ELSEWHERE we publish letters from our cor- respondents in London and San Francisco, The former forwards a lot of interesting information with regard to the Home Rule-Parnell crisis. That Sir HENRY PARKES should meet the request to receive a deputation on the Hoyle dismissal question by returning a refusal is only what he might have been expected to do. Apart from the merits of this case, arising as it did in pursuance of a policy announced in Parliament by Mr. McMILLAN, the Minister responsible for the Railway Department, the Premier could hardly have interfered by receiving a de- putation without running the risk of offending or humiliating his colleague. It is only the other day that he spoke with proper disapproval of the course pursued by a deputation in passing by the Minister of the department to which the matter had reference and going to the Premier. Obviously, our Ministerial arrangements and the division of offices and functions are devised to prevent the necessity of carrying depart- mental matters to the head of the Government. But Sir HENRY PARKES takes broader ground for his refusal to receive the deputation. He points out that "the Railway Commissioners hold their authority under an Act of Parliament, which was passed for the express purpose of withdrawing the railway management from the political influence of members of Parliament and from all other outside influences." This being so, "the Govern- ment cannot recognise any cause of dispute in which other persons have a right to interfere between the Commissioners and a railway servant who is properly dismissed from the service for re- fusing to obey their lawful direc- tions.'' The reply fairly state's the ease and is unanswerable. The Act of Parliament was passed to prevent precisely what it is now proposed to do. To take the course contemplated would be a violation of the Act and virtually its abolition. It is not the desire of the Government, nor is it that of the country, that the system estab- lished by that Act should be either violated or abrogated. On the contrary, the sys- tem has grown in favour under trial, and the people of the colony desire only that it shall be faithfully adhered to and con- sistently carried out. With respect to this point, that of the strength of the system in the support of the public, it is significant to see the character and degree of the miserable agitation which it is sought to work up in opposition to the Commissioners. It is not only that it is carefully eschewed by every politician who has reputation or influence to lose, or a future to conserve. It is even more noticeable that it is left in the main to those extremists and anarchists in politics who are notoriously adverse to the system by which the rule of jobbery, patronage, and political wire- pulling in the Railway Department was brought to an end. And then the arguments used, the claptrap appeals about "de- stroying liberty of speech," "despotic interference with the rights of citizen- ship," and so forth, fall very flat on the ears of the public. The public is quite able to appreciate nonsense of this kind at its precise value. It knows quite well that the "loyalty" demanded by the Railway Commissioners from their men is only that loyalty, neither more nor less, that is expected by every employer from the employee in receipt of his pay. If this demand grates on the conscience of the employee, and if he finds it necessary to liberate his soul and exercise his unques- tionable '"rights as a citizen" by fostering agitation directed against his employer, then honesty and justice demand that he must begin by relieving himself of the restriction he has voluntarily accepted, and by resigning his employment. The people of this colony are perfectly able to recognise all this. They know that no bank, no public company, no private employer of any kind would for a moment tolerate the exercise of the "rights of citizenship'' which is claimed on behalf of Mr. HOYLE, including that of sitting com- placently by as chairman of a meeting while an orator proposes that the head of the service as appointed by Act of Parliament should be taken and "strangled." What the public of New South Wales would say to Mr. HOYLE, what it now upholds the Commis- sioners and the Government in saying, is exactly what the bank board of directors or the private employer would say to a similarly aspiring and disaffected servant. This is to frankly recognise that this is a free country—very free indeed—but that to preserve his freedom perfectly untram- melled a man must refrain from accept- ing engagements incompatible with its un- restricted exercise, and that if Mr. HOYLE prefers the functions of a political agitator to those of a Public servant, he is quite free to exercise the former, on condition of resigning the latter. When it is said that these demands and restrictions, though legitimate enough in the case of private employers, were never intended to be asserted by the State, the answer is that it was precisely to get rid of this political element, and to approximate the administration of our railways to ordinary commercial principles and practice, that the Railway Management Act was passed into law. The case of Mr. HOYLE is, at any rate for the present, disposed of. There is no politi- cal capital to be made out of it, and those who touch it run a risk of burning their fingers. We may leave it as a matter finally and unalterably settled. The most important aspect of it is that in which it stands as a warning to any similar agitators in the Railway Department who are animated by disloyalty to the service the pay of which they are glad to receive. It is for them to learn that the loyalty de- manded from them is only identical with that demanded from every servant of the public, from the highly-placed head of Department, or the Judge on the Supreme Court bench, down to the humblest messenger. Upon one and all alike is laid the obligation by the accept- ance of service to refrain from open opposition to or secret intrigue against the service of which they have agreed to form a part. This rule is binding, and is, in fact, observed as a debt of honour in every de- partment of the Public Service save that of the railways. That it is not observed there is due to the long prevalence in that branch of a system of political jobbery and interference, which the people of the colony, through their representatives in Parliament, determined at last to abolish. The system is gone, and its consequences must go too. Neither Parliament nor people will be more tolerant of the one than of the other. If it is necessary to enforce the abolition by further dismissals, they will be unflinch- ingly carried into effect, and will, we are confident, be stamped with approval by the country. It is the merest folly and ignorance to suppose that a democracy is more tolerant of disloyalty or disobedience than any other form of Government, or that it is less relentless and peremptory in carrying its will into affect. But we trust that no further measures of this kind will be necessary. They can only be made necessary by the railway servants themselves. It is for them fairly and freely to choose between a loyal, which only means an honest, acceptance of the system established by Parliament, and in the working of which their interests have received careful consideration, or, if they cannot give this, a voluntary sever- ance from a system which cannot be con- tented with less than faithful, willing service—a system which neither open nor secret disloyalty can at all avail to alter or abolish. The undoubted success which has attended the system of excursion tickets on the railways conveys a lesson that seems to have been strangely overlooked. As every holiday season comes round announcements are made of cheap excur- sions offered in every direction, and these are uniformly followed by a rush of excursionists, taxing to the utmost the efforts of the railway authorities to keep pace with the demand. The ques- tion naturally suggests itself whether such excursion fares should not be con- tinuous instead of intermittent, or, in other words, whether a general and sub- stantial reduction in the cost of transit by rail would not so augment the volume of railway travelling us to swell the rail- way revenue, while conducing greatly to the gratitication, as well as the benefit, of the community. As an illustration is more effective than any amount of theorising or abstract reasoning, the extraordinary success which has attended railway reform in Hungary comes opportunely to answer the question. The system—of which an elaborate statement is given by the Glasgow Evening Citizen, and a more concise synopsis by the Melbourne Age—was introduced less than two years ago, and has been attended with such startling results as to have arrested the attention of most of the Govern- ments and railway authorities in Europe; and already at least one, the Government of Austria, has adopted the lines of railway management which have made the Hun- garian railways famous. Briefly put, the change in the Hungarian system amounted to a general reduction of forty per cent. on fares; but the distinc- tive feature is the dividing the country into zones or circles, with a uniform tariff for each. There are fourteen of these; all places within fifteen miles are in the first zone with fares of a shilling first class, tenpence for the second, and sixpence for the third. Towns within twenty-lfive miles are in the second zone, with fares exactly twice the amount; and so on with the various zones up to the thirteenth, the fare for each additional zone being uniform; but a remarkable alteration occurs after the thirteenth zone, or at a distance of 130 miles, for in the four- teenth zone is included all the rest of the country, no matter what the distance, so that to a place 457 miles dis- tant from Buda-Pesth the third-class fare is only eight shillings, the first-class fare being uniformly double the amount. But this is not the only concession, for if 10 farm labourers or 30 of any other class of working-men form a party they can obtain their passage tickets at half the ordinary amount. As an illustration of the boldness of the reform introduced by the Hungarian Minister of Railways, M. BAROSS, the fare from Buda-Pesth to Kronstadt, which was formerly 38s 5d, is now 8s; that from Miskolez to Kaschan, 54 miles, which was formerly 5s 5d, is now 2s; the reductions making themselves espe- cially evident on the longer distances. Nor is it merely the reduction in cost that consti- tutes the boon to the public, but the number in the variety of tickets has been dimin- ished, the ticket being denominated by the number of the zone instead of the name of the town to be reached, and the simplified tickets are sold at all the hotels and tobacconists' shops. This has lessened the labours of the railway officers not less than the confusion and discomfort of the travellers, who can calculate for themselves the amount to pay for a ticket by merely reckoning the number of the zone to be reached. Nor does the re- form end here. Not only are travellers permitted to take luggage with them at an extremely reduced rate, but farmers may take fruit, butter, milk, game, fowls, nuts, and other produce to the station, and have them forwarded as passengers' baggage, even though not travelling themselves. The conse- quence is that without the intervention of middlemen, the consumer can be provided with a regular supply of any article of consumption from any part of the country, however distant, at a merely nominal cost for transit, and with unfailing regularity. But what has been the result of all this boldness of reform? There are 6570 miles of railway in Hungary, of which 4415 are controlled by the State. Year after year the Hungarian Minister had reported a loss in the working of the railways—in 1887 the deficiency was £180,000. The Hungarian Parliament gave practical effect to M. BAROSS'S proposals on the 1st of August, 1889, and since that date the Hungarian railways have shown a surplus. In 1888 the traffic on the State lines of Hungary gave the number of 5,587,700 passengers, and the receipts were £923,570; in 1889, on the reduction of fares, the number of passengers mounted up to 9,097,200, and the receipts to £1,031,710; but taking the first complete year of the reformed tariff, that ending on July 31, 1890, and comparing it with the preceding twelve months, we find that the number of passengers had in- creased by 7,874,524 and the re- venue by £204,804. That is a practical answer to all theorising as to the impossibility of such a reform; the financial returns have been substan- tially enhanced, and needless to say the people of Hungary are delighted with the brave-hearted and far-seeing Minister who has conferred on them privileges of transit unequalled hitherto in any other country on earth. Instead of going back, M. BAROSS is going forward and now announces an intended further reduction of thirty per cent. on the freight of goods and the application of the zone system to heavy goods traffic on the same principle as that applied to the conveyance of passengers. The owners of private railways in Hungary, convinced by the success that has attended the system of the Government railways, are bringing it into operation on their own lines; their formerly empty carriages are crowded, their income is increased con- siderably, while the increase of expendi- ture is scarcely appreciable. Now here is a condition of things that surely should not be overlooked in Aus- tralia. It may be objected that a sparsely settled colony does not present exactly the same conditions as an old and populated country for such an experiment in swell- ing the volume of railway transit; but there is a set off to this in the fact that in a young and rising community the tendency to locomotion is far greater than in a community which for generations past has been habituated to the uniformity and stillness of a settled order of things; and if any difference is shown in result it is more likely to be in favour of the more enterprising community springing to take advantage of the opportunities offered. Be this as it may, the Hungarian system is apparently the coming system: it is attracting universal attention in railway circles in Europe, and in a democratic community like ours, where confessedly railways were originally introduced, and are sup- posed te be worked, not merely for revenue purposes, but for drawing out the latent resources of the country and the enterprise of its inhabitants, a scheme like this of Hungary, which has been proved successful for the attainment of both these objects, should command the attention of the Government, of the Legislature, of our railway authorities, and of every colonist that feels an interest in the progrress of the country. Usually such bold reforms as this originate among people like our- selves, who, from the conditions of life, are free from the trammels of conven- tionalism; and it is a curious innovation on the order of things to find the railway world electrified by a discovery made in a remote country that seems almost more than any other outside the whirl of the restless progress of the age. No arrangements other than those already pub- lished have been made for the official landing and reception of the Earl of Jersey, whioh will take place next Thursday. On Saturday morning, how- ever, tbe Premier received a communication from the Peninsular and Oriental Company's agent, in answer to an inquiry made on the previous day as to the hour at which the L.M.S. Carthage could arrive in Port Jackson. Sir Henry suggested that early on Thursday morning would be the most con- venient time for the ship's arrival, so that the ceremonies of landing and reception can be per- formed according to the official arrangement. Mr. Alexander Maclean, the agent, has replied that the Carthage will anchor at the Neutral Bay buoy at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning. SIR HENRY PARKES is writing to the whole of the Governments which will be represented at the Federation Convention to be held in Sydney next March. He is dealing with points pertaining to all the Governments and delegates concerned. SIR HENRY PARKES received on Saturday a letter from General Strange, in which he says:— "I saw the Maxim guns fired at the factory with Colonel Roberts, and we suggested some modifica- tion of carriages. There is some delay in certain quarters on account of the new magazine rifle for England being very much spoken and written against. I think New South Wales acted wisely in taking the calibre she was certain about." PUBLISHED in another column will be found a copy of the correspondence which has passed be- tween Mr. Roylett, the chairman of the public meeting held to pass resolutions upon the action of the Railway Commissioners in dismissing Mr. Hoyle, foreman ot the interlocking branch of the department, and the Colonial secretary. Mr. Roylett asked the Premier to receive a deputation "With reference to the position of the Railway Commissioners and Mr. Hoyle," and to fix a time for such an interview to take place. The reply of the Premier was sent at 11 o'clock on Saturday morning by hand to "Mr. C. D. Hoyle, Oddfellows' Hall, Redfern-street, Redfern,'' but the messenger was informed that Mr. Roylett was out of town, and it was not known where nor when he would return. WHILE absent from town last week Mr. Bruce Smith made a careful inspection of the public works now being executed at Lake Maequarie. He found that a large sum of money had been already expended on the works at the entrance, and a considerable annual expenditure is still being incurred in dredging operations. Mr. Bruce Smith has decided thal neither the present nor the imme- diately future requirements of the locality will justify a continuance of this expenditure, and it will therefore be necessary for him to take into con- sideration at once whether or not a substantial re- duction in dredging operations can be made. 'THE Postmaster-General was last year inter- viewed by a deputation with regard to his allowing supplements not printed in tbe colony to be posted with certain weekly journals; and lately a second deputation from the Sydnoy Lithographic Associa- tion waited upon him in regard to the same matter, and requested that the practice should be stopped. Mr. O'Connor asked that the request might be submitted to him in writing. The deputation promised to do so, and also to forward copies of the papers referred to. An examination of the supple- meats was made in the Department, but the officials were unable to determine where they wore printed. Orders were given to stop the passage of the papers pending the inquiries; but subsequently, in order not to inconvenience the public, the journals were allowed to pass through the post, and an account for the amount of the postage was forwarded to the proprietors of the journals concorned. THE interdict of the Postraaster-General against the publication, in regard to which a lawsuit has arisen, is still in lforce. As a consequence, no copies of the last issue of the paper wero allowed to pass through the post. TO-DAY, at noon, a deputation from the socialist body of Sydney will wait upon the Premier at the Colonial Secretary's Office. THE application of Stationmaster Simpson, of Dubbo, made to the Railway Commissioners that he should not be dismissed in connection with the wrongtul forwarding of goods along the Western line has been finally considered. The Commis- sioners have decided that Mr. Simpson be disrated to a smaller station. IT was rather later on Saturday than expected when the R.M.S. Alameda arrived from San Francisco. The time occupied on the voyage across was 25 days and a-half, whioh cannot be, however, called slow, but it is not so good as this steamer has done in the past. Captain Morse was this time well patronised by passengers. There were a great many for Honolulu, and for Samoa the newly- appointed Chief Justice, Mr, Von Odercrantz, landed at Tatuila, aud was to go on to Apia by the United States man-of-war Iroquois. A few passengers were landed at Auckland, and there remained 62 for Sydney. The list includes several names well known in commerce. Mr. C. E. Bowden, Mr. T. B. Gibson, and the hon, P. G. Ballingall arrived by the steamer. The cargo of the vessel is largely composed of canned goods, and comprises consign- ments for Melbourne and Queensland ports. A TRAGEDY at sea has occurred on board the ship Peter Stuart, which arrived here from New York on Saturday last. Immediately the ship's anchor was down the master, Captain H. Hughes, and Mr. Barton, chief officer, landed, and proceeded to the Water Police Station, where the chief officer surrendered himself to the authorities on a charge of homicide. The circumstances are narrated in the ship's report, from which it appears that one of the crew made a murderous attack upon the chief officer with a sheath knife, and the latter shot him. The wound proved fatal after the man had lingered for two days. The chief officer is well known in the deep-sea trade to this port, having occupied the position of first officer on board the ship Brilliant, under Captain C. W. Davidson, for five years. A bad feeling appears to have been manifested from the outset of the voyage towards this officer by the sailor whose death has been compassed in the manner described. The deceased man's name is William Curry, believed to be a native of Liverpool, and of about 36 years of age. Our London commercial correspondent's letter, which will be found in another part of this issue, deals with several subjects, including the effect of the completion of the arrangements for the relief of Messrs. Baring Brothers and Co., and gives the names of the directors of the new firm, who start business with a paid-up capital of over a million sterling. MESSES, WEBB AND SONS, of 448 George-street, have at present on view at their establishment a variety of samples of apples which go to prove that within a comparatively short distance of Sydney, fruit can be produced equal to any now imported into the colony. The apples, which comprise both cooking and dessert varieties, are from an orchard near Gosford, and they are remarkable both for size tad solidity. ABOUT 10 o'clock last night a breakage was uncovered in the 9in. watermain crossing the Eve- leigh railway bridge. On making an examination, it was found that one of the joints between two pipes had been blown out and that a great quantity of water had run to waste. Men were put on to make good the damage, and for this pur- pose it was found necessary to shut the water off. As this particular main supplied Petersham the inhabitants of the district were deprived of water for some hours. SHARKS are reported to be numerous in the har- bour. Many are said to have been seen, some of them being described as monsters. Yesterday two sharks were caught near Garden Island, each shark being about 11ft. in length. Mr. J. Heaton, of Woolloomooloo, who made several catches last season, was the captor of one of the sharks caught yesterday, and Mr. Barnet!-t, of Nerth Shore, caught the other. THE Times on December 1 printed two letters, one from Professor Huxley, the other from Mr. C. S. Loch, secretary to the Charity Organisa- tion Society, which, following on Mr. Brad- laugh's demand for a Salvation Army balance- sheet, are calculated to prejudice the prospect of General Booth's great scheme. Mr. Loch, who approaches the subject from Mr. Booth's own standpoint, complains that there is nothing of a deterrent nature in the work to be done by the Army, and that no data whatever are given on which it is possible to base an opinion as to the chances of success of the new enterprise. Curiously enough, Professor Huxley, who deduces his view from the experience of other peoples and other times, affords ma- terial for estimating the reasonableness of Mr. Loch's doubts. Professor Huxley had a large sum of money placed at his disposal for the furtherance of General Booth's scheme if he thought it worthy of support. He has made a careful study of Mr. Booth's book, and his mind reverts to the great experiments made by Francis of Assisi and Igna- tius Loyola. With these examples before him, he wants some guarantee that, 80 years hence, the man who controls 100,000 officers pledged to blind obedience and "with his finger on the trigger of a mine charged with discontent and religious fanaticism," and with a huge exchequer at command, will exercise his enormous power not merely honestly but wisely. Obviously, as we have said all along (remarks the Home News) General Booth is making a sad mistake in withholding a full statement of the Army resources and work, and if his scheme is to have a fair chance, he must publish such a statement. Meantime the Arch- bishop of Canterbury, though not convinced of the lasting moral effects of the "characteristic modes of the Salvation Army," has declared that "General" Booth deserves the gratitude of Christians for the large ideal he exhibits of the need of intercommunication and collaboration. A "REPORT" admitted by the Académie des Sciences of Paris must be taken as authorised. In that case, remarks the London Standard, the manufacture of rubies and sapphires is no longer an amusement of leisurely savants, undertaken with no object beyond scientific research, and content with a few microscopic crystals whose genuineness can hardly be proved. It has gone far beyond that stage. MM. Frémy and Verneuil, who have so long been studying this matter, describe a process by which they can, and do, turn out three kilogrammes of rubies at one discharge of their crucible, many of them big enough for practical purposes, and as hard as the bulk of real stones. Not many of us are prepared to say off-hand how many carats go to the pound; until these latter days no human being supposed that gems could be dealt with by troy weight. But assuredly there are very many thou- tand carats in three kilogrammes of crystals. As for colour, that was never a difficulty. If rubies can be made at all, every one of them will show the "pigeon blood" hue. The question is, whether these things—we must not call them imitations—turned out by MM. Frémy and Verneuil have the brilliancy of real jewels? It will soon be answered, for a number of specimens are being cut. Prima facie, one would take it for granted that the result will be satistactory to the inventors—since brilliancy depends on hardness, and in that respect they come up to the average. It is sadly clear, whatever the issue in this particular case, that the mystery of precious stones will soon be dissipated. But the other day we heard that the great companies of South Africa had resolved to reduce their output of diamonds by one-half—so heavy is the depreciation. How will it bew»ith them when chemists turn out gems by the pailful? The prospect is really saddening for those who cherish what little remains of colour and brightness in the world of society. IT is quite evident, remarks the Spectator on November 29, that the American Government will shortly be compelled to try some large experiment about the currency. The West and South are de- termined to have more "money," and are asking, first, for the free coinage of silver, and next, for a large issue of paper, inconvertible, but to be received in payment of taxes. The President dreads free coinage; but it is believed that the West and South, aided by the Silver States, which are furious at the refusal of silver to rise to a level with gold—the price of the inferior metal being actually lower than it was just before the Silver Bill passed—will carry an Act over General Harrison's head. The Senate is will- ing, and only 20 more votes are wanted in the House of Representatives, which will be secured if argument, cajolory, or bribery can do it. We may judge of the apprehension at Washington when we remember that the Secretary of the Treasury wishes to ask for the issue of £60,000,000 in small Exchequer Bills, bearing 2 per cent. interest, which are to be legal- tender cur- rency, or exchangeable for it at any post-office. The plan is not accepted yet, and American officials talk with a recklessness to which we are unaccustomed; but the project should be noted, both because it is new, and because it fits in with the agrarian question now rising in the States. The farmers want the Central Govern- ment to pay off their mortgages in paper bearing 2 per cent. interest, and take their farms as security. Is Mr. Windom, perhaps, looking in that direction? If he is, he may be Presidont of the Union, and may also perform the nearly impossible feat of re- ducing the Union to financial straits. Lending some hundreds of millions sterling on immovable and unsaleable security is a big operation, even for the Treasury of Washington. THE Calcutta Englishman, describing a case which recently came before the High Court of Calcutta, says that it exhibits in a striiking manner the difference between Hindoo and Mahommedan superstitions. Hindooism holds that every supernatu- ral being is a god—that is, an incarnation or manifes- tation of the Supreme Being—and entitled, therefore, to homage and propitiatory offerings. This idea is an abomination to the followers of the Prophet, the first article of whose terse creed is that there is but one God. Islam, however, permits of the belief in an unlimited number of ghosts and goblins who are all to be treated as enemies, to be anathe- matised and repulsed, but on no account to be com- pounded with or conciliated. The case is question was this:—There was a desirable piece of land lying waste, because it was reputed to be haunted by a goddess who resented interference with her domain. The Hindoos did all they could to pro- pitiate her, setting apart a tree for her abode, under which they erected an idol in her honour, to which they made offerings of fruits and flowers. Still the goddess continued implacable, and on one man venturing to cultivate some of tbe land, she caused him and his children to be carried off by death. Eventually, some Mahommedan neigh- bours, laughing to scorn the Hindoo superstition, undertook to reclaim the land; but the goddess presented herself before one of them as a frightful ogre, and although he religiously set her down as a hobgoblin, that only increased his terror. But another Mahommedan argued that a Hindoo goddess ought to have no chance in fair fight with the fol- lowers of the Prophet. So the Mahommnedans, under his leadership, proceeded with a cow to the goddess's tree, and killed it there, placing parts of its carcass among the branches, and even smearing the idol with its blood. As a result of this defiant outrage, the goddes was completely routed. Indeed, she would never have been heard of again, but that her devotees were inconsoleable, and set tbe penal code in operation against her oppressors, so that five of the Mahommedans were sentenced to imprisonment for "outraging reli- gious susceptibilities," as impartial British law puts it. From the Hindoo point of view, all this is as it should be; but to the Mahommedans it will appear that the Government has taken the part of the hobgoblin when they were defending themselves against its unprovoked and malicious hostility. MISS ACKERMAN will this evening deliver a lecture in the Bourke-street Congregational Church. THE Prince Alfred Hospital report for the week ended 10th January is as follows:—Admitted, 44; discharged, 30; died, 6; remaining in hospital on January 10, 1891, 213; number of out-patients treated during the week, 308; number of casualty cases treated but not admitted, 166; total, 474. 