STAGE, SONG ANU SHOW. The half-yearly social and smoke concert of the N.S.W. Electric Telegraph Society was hold in tho Sydney Catering Rooms, Pitt- street, on Tuesday evening last, about 90 being present. Mr. vv. P. Corbett, chair man of the society, presided, and there were preseut as guests Colonel Crucknell, superin tendent of telegraplm in Now South Wales ; Mr. W. Wilson, manager; Mr, R. 11. Hipslcy, assistant manager ; Mr. C. Gregory, accountant, Telegraph Department ; also Mr. W. Burnett, president, and Mr. Temple- ton, hon. secretary of the Post-olliee Clerical Association. Apologies for non-attendance were received from the Hon. the Postmaster- General and other heads of the department. The musical portion of the programme, which was somewhat interfered with by the Liedertafel concert, was supplied by Messrs. Spence, Keogh, Hyndes, Lnrter, A. M'Grath pnd Page. . Tlie evening passed off- very pleasantly, several items being heartily encored. Messrs. Seage and Williams proved most efficient accompanists. The Temperance Hall presented a gay appearance last night, when Perry's Unique variety 1 Company gave another of their very popular entertainments before a crowded audience. Proceedings com menced with an overture entitled " Naiiey Lee," which took well. Joe Brailey started the fun by singing " Keep a moving," and wus loudly encored. Miss Violet Bishop pleased the audience by singing " Only a little flower." Miss Maud Failing scored a grand success by singing in first-class style "Arthur and Martha." C. Simcs took well in " The drcuin." Miss Ruby Warner delighted the audience by singing "I'm waiting my love's return." Will Connolly, the ever green comedian, brought tlie house down by singing "Sister Mary walks like this." Miss Essie Clay was heard to great advantage in "A curlfrom my baby's head." " The farm yard," by Sam Mathews, fairly roused the audience. Joe Addison's rendering of "Steering homo " will not bo forgotten by tho audience for some time, for it was simply excellent. Little Addic,' tlie charming serio comic, scored a success in " Rowing on tho lake," A finale, "The Ghost," by tho;com- pany, concluded the first part. Miss Essie Clay commenced tho second -part by singing "Only a picture," and was loudly applauded. Chris Simcs followed with ag specialty, which took the house by storm. Miss Maud Faning fairly electrified the audience with a skipping-rope dance, aiid she had to respond with a sand-jig. " Comin' thro' the ryo " was capitally sung by Sam Mathews. 'The Highland iling by Little Addie and Lillie fairly captivated the audience. ' The concert was brought to a very successful termination with a very laughable farce, entitled "Tho Suicidal Family," by George Brailey, Miss Ruby Warner, Joe Brailoy, and Will Connolly. Madam Goddcn presidod at the piano, and gave every satisfaction. An entertainment given at the Y.M.C.A. Hall last night by Miss Meares in aid of Our Boys' Institute drew a moderate audience. Miss Broadbent, Miss Portus, and the Misses Maud Portus, Kilminster and others contributed to a most enjoyable programme. "The Profligate," Mr. Pinero's excel lent play, was revived at tho Garriolc Theatre last night, before a moderate house. Mr. Cartwright, Mies Nether- sole, and the remainder of a strong cast combined to present tlie play with most successful results. This evening "A Sorap of Paper " will be revived for tho benefit of Mr. Charles Cartwright, who will be seen in his very clever impersonation ' as Colonel Blake. Tho beneficiaro is such a hound favorite, and his exceptional ubilitics are so widely recognised, that ho is certain . to be seen this evening by a large number of his admirers. To- morrow night "Tho Idler" and on Saturday "Tho Village PrieBt." 