\- THE MELBA DIVORCE SCANDAL. ADBLAISB, Tbarsday.—The Advertiser's London correspondent writes tinder date November 61 A great deal ef sensational nonsense h'ns no doubt been cabled to Australia during this last week concerning the Armstrong divorce suit. The plain truth ii said to be ai follows: Wben Mr;. Armstrong came from Australia Madame fi^elba made a desperate attempt to live witb him. His taste and habits were entirely antipathic to hers. Still she tried to live with bim, as she explained to tbe Bench, and fcr a short time life ran fairly smoothly with the reunited couple. When, however, the novelty of being a great prima donna'* husband wore off, Mr. Armstrong constantly, she alleges, illtreated her. Poor Madame Melba endured it as long as she could, hating tbe ton ai.u scandal tbat would arise out of the proceedings. Seven or eight week* ago, however, things came to a crisis, and Mrs. Armstrong instructed her solicitors to file a petition for judicial separation on tbe ground of cruelty. -*-Mr. Armstrong bas retaliated with a petition for divorce, taking the Duke of Orleans as co-respondent. This is really (Madame Melba's friends say) a piece of tbe merest brag. They know the truth about the doke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compromised her abominably in public. There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows that he has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery. Madame Melba is a passionless woman wrapt up in her art. All her life, all her energy, al! her all, are in it. The young duke's adorning admiration tickled her vanity. At-first he followed ber about every • wbere, listening to her lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping up greedily any kindly word she threw at him. Most prima donnas are troubled witb a follower, or followers, of this description. If tbe young man bad not been the Duke of Orleans no one would have notieed bim. At Vienna madams received tbe duke at ber hotel occisionally, and let him escort her once to the opera wben she was not playing. This evening's entertainment was a serious in • discretion from an Austrian paint of view, and led to seandal. Tbe Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public,4md it is alleged that wben they cams to the front of the duke's box tbe ladies of the court circle withdrew. Wben Madame Melba learnt tbe significance placed on this incident she was grestly annoyed, and upon the duke following her to St. Petersburg she got the Czar to intervene end order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, on playing the fool, and iresently actually ventured to Paris to see and lear the prima donna. Tbe most absurd stories were current at this time. One paper declared the duke-was in Madame Melba's house disguised as a butler; another journal stated that she bad concealed him in ber boudoir. When, however tbe police did actually pay madame a domiciliary visit, they found not an indication of bis Royal Highness having been there. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she bad or had not seen Iter friend in Paris. Mr. Armstrong has iiad two detectives and a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, hut without much result. The allegation in the petition is that Madame Melba committed adultery with the Duke of Orleans in Sacbzer's Hotel, Vienna, on February 20, the latter figuring as M. De Villiers. The proprietor, according to Mr. Armstrong, admits that Madame Melba came there, but blandly denies that she was aecompanied by tha Orleanist prince. The Duke of Orleans was warned 10 days or more age that an attempt was about to be ' made to serve him with a citation as co-respondent in tbe divorce suit, and his servants had been on tbe alert for auspicious strangers. At St. Jobsnn, in Moravii, where the prince was staying witb Baron Hiricb, several stratagems were tried fruitlessly. Ot> Wednesday morning, however, as he arrived at Vienna, his Royal Highness got nearly caught. Two geutlemen in evening dress ssked leave to present a bouquet and a petition. As the duke stepped from the railway carriage be handed tbe flowerB to a secretary and opened the petition, wbich was neatly tied with ribbon. No sooner, however, did " Victoria by (he graee of God " reach bis eye than be re«lised what had happened, and flinging the papers from him cursed the rapidly retreating form of the process server with fluency. It subsequently transpired that Mr. Armstrong claimed £20,000 damages. Madame Melba's fate now, to a great extent, depends on the reality of her royal friend's friendship. If he submits himself to the urdeal of tbe witness-box all will bs well. If, however, bis Royal Highness is too lazy or too proud to do so, the jury will almost certainly charitably assume the worst. 