Novelist. !>'OW FI1S.SX itglished.] i A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND ] J}}/ HtiroUl 3£. Mackenzie, Author of "The &iue-tter;\s Daughter. CHAPTER L A WAKEFUL XiaUT. The suu bad sunk to rest hours ago, lending pence and calmness to the scene. Although the hands of the clock oil the mantel-shelf pointed to the small hours, little or no sleep as 3'et had come to the eyes of Sybil Prescott. The room was furnished in that light and airy style so ofteu seeu in tropical climates. On tlie floor, which once had boasted of varnish bat now dulled by long usage and fierce noon-day suns, were scattered rugs of opossum and wallaby. In the centre of the apartment stood a large bed, so situated as to catch every 1 particle of breeze which on this calm and sultry night was wafted through the room in scarce sufficient force to have extinguished a lucifer. Under the canopy of a mosquito cur tain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, buzzed and pinged as murderous a set of demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now and then a violent dart at a more than usually audacious member of the tribe, which invariably ended in missing the fair one (for we j are told that it is only the female that bites) she would soar merrily upwards, serenading as she flew to prepare for a fresh onset. Mosquitoes are bad enough at all times, but when to this is added a mind o'erwrought with thoughts distracting— try to banish them as one may— surely the cup of woe is filled to its utmost. This was Sybil's case, when for the hundredth time he tossed and turned on his weary pillows with the ever ominous hum of mosquitoes ringing in his ears. " Confound the thing ! I can stand it no longer?" he exclaimed, dashing the curtains aside and reaching out for a cigarette. Having lit the consoling roll of rice paper and tobacco, he thrust his feet into a capacious pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah. Here comfortably ensconced in a long cane lounge he seemed more at ease as. he ■watched the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in the air. The stars were oat in great clusters of diamonds; shining with that intense brilliancy and purity which alone can be viewed in hot latitudes. Never had the puffing of the fragrant weed seemed to bring such consolation to Sybil. His mind was sore troubled and needed some thing whereby relief, if only temporary, might be afforded, and this he was seek ing from the goddess Nicotine. And has she not done much to soothe achiug brain of man 1 Have we not feeard of cases where brave men, though death were nigh, and each moment might prove the last, calmly awaiting it with $j{pe in mouth ? Whilst Sybil is contemplating the h'&veus; it will be a favorable oppor tunity 1© inquire what has brought him this rising colony of jSTorthern Aus tralia. That he was not an Australian by birth would have almost convinced an observer at first glance. His looks. manner and everything else connected with him had mt unmistakable English appearance, and surrounded as lie was on the pkmta- i iion with a varied assortment of humanity, 1 including South Sea Island savages, ! Malays, and the roughest species of the ! Queensland back-woodsman, who differs ! sjtt.1" little from tho test, except that his j akin »>ay be a few degrees less swarthy, j •made .him stand out conspicuously in j -their i«uist. i Sybil i^ad been reared at one of the •nood old English public schools, and not •a irreat many years from the time of the •reader's introduction he was distinguish in" himself more, perhaps, in the cri.-ket snd football fields than in the pursuit of Gre^t Tambicsor Lathi Prose. The result, whatever else it might have (bets he shone in the Jatter respect, ■aras that most desirable of all qualities, a Bound mind in a sound body. To edu cate the mind at the expense of the "■ p3iid a sufficiency ot force ou both in crder to attain a mens mom in corjwre mva is what every right tiii2)kiug pes son should desire. The muscular training which Sybil had undergone in his youth h:id given to his body that flexibility and energetic move ment enabling him to undergo long days of fatigue under la»t Funs whii'h to a less , ' hardeued physique"might have told sorely ; upon him. Having quitted school, he j passed two or three years under the I guidance of several " army-crammers," who failed to drive the required subjects into his head in order to qualify him for commission iu the service. Whether it was that Sybil's skull was thicker than | the general run of young men's, or1 1 that the cramming system was not ad ministered in proper form, is a problem still requiring solution. The sporting parson with whom he had last taken np his residence was chiefly remarkable for a knowledge of horseflesh more than auy other subject. Sybil would often hold long discussions with him on the points of a new equiue purchase to the exclusion of all such tiring arguments as to whether or no any two sides of a triangle are together • greater than the third. And so the time passed pleasantly enough in the quaint old Sussex village, which in the small hours of the morning would often ring with the shouts of the obstreperous young bloods, awaking from their slumbers the hoary-headed parislioners who brought down on the worthy rector's head anything but bles sings. When Sybil had appeared for the fourth time at Burlington House before that array of grim-visaged examiners which have made many a daring young j soldier quake in his shoes at the thoughts j of being "plucked," lie knew within his] own mind that the papers sent in i were not up fo the mark. He was right! in his conjectures, and once more was j hopelessly spun. . " It's no use, sir," were the words to his father after this, his final attempt;' '* I'll ha ve to chuck it up and go out to | Australia." j This sudden determination in order, as it were, to seek some consolation for hav-1 ing failed to become a defender of his country met with but scant: approval from Colonel l'rescott. He was indig- j liant and displeased to think that his only son could not have followed in the footsteps which lie himself had won so much favor in. ! " Go to Australia, if you're set your1 heart upon doing so," he had said ; " but, remember, this is the last thing I could have wished. I had hoped that before my death to have seen you winning honor in j something more noble than perhaps driv ing a team of bullocks. However, when a man has been given a receptacle for brains it can only be regretted that the necessary article was not supplied. Colonel Prescott was brusqve in man-j uer, and at times when his reason was j governed by passion a very dangerous person to encounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with things in general, chiefly on account of his son's failure for the army, he had bidden Sybil farewell on his journey to Queensland. With this brief. outline of Sybil's former Life, once more we return to the verandah from which he looked on the silvery night. The scene was beautiful indeed. night upon which it seemed that day light had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. The house looked down upon the long sloping banks of garden which reached to the water's edge, where flashed and sparkled under the moon's white beams the sluggish river. The house itself was of that delight fully rambling character peculiar to houses wherein the owner, deeming that internal comfort is preferable to external show, had illustrated his good sense. The rooms it contained were all spacious and airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running the whole length of the house. Bath-rooms, perhaps the most necessary of all, were made quite a study of in t.hie edifice with their showers, plunges, and cool lounges for reclining in after the ablutions. Close beside and convenient for supply ing the inmates with an abundancy of water ran a clear mountain stream, which even in the hottest weather felt cool and refreshing Co the body. Who that has ever passed weaiy days where the skin j seems parched and shrivelled for the want of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fierce sun means ? It is the very elixir, the restoration of all relaxed energy once more to its normal! sphere. To say that one's breakfast in ' the land where sugar grows would not readily be forgone in favor of a bath is not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced the south, which was the best situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally sprang up after sud. down; and then with what sweet-smelling aromatic perfumes would the air be laden, exhaled from stepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in the garden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful rustling noise, with white feathery tops shooting upwards straight as arrows against the deep blue sky, would wave and bend with every sigh of the wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. On the opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trackless jungle as yet undisturbed by the hand of man, the eye could roam at will over foilage from the darkest olive green to the clearest emerald—changing, too, with as many varying tints as the small lizards which were there in thousands, basking in a noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleam and cast its glow heavenwards the camp fire of the untutored Q ueenslaud savage who, crouch ing like some demon from the nether world with shrunken limbs and unkempt locks made the ordy sorry spectacle in an otherwise perfect landscape. In strange contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was the appearance of the Rappoe Plantation, where unceasing toil Ifv busy hands from early morn till the suu had set was carried on. The well-kept fields of sugar-cane, with its arrowing tops denoting that it was ready and_ over-ripe for crushing. The un ceasing whirr of machiu<;ry in the giant nnll as it ground and crushed through the sunny day the long luscious canes a p»}pv _ mass, extracting all the thick creamy juice which ran in sluogUh streams from the rollers. l.he dusky South Sea savages, with grinning faces, knee-deep in the immense thinks shovelling out the thick molasses. All this spoke of enterprise and activity on the part of ilie owners, who lived in far-away Melbourne. Sybil had chosen to make his home here with a view some day of managing the estate which he now ijeld an interest in. He was young, not more than twenty-five years of age. His personal appearance \v: s taking, though in the strict sense of the term he was aot hand [ some. His good-natured smile, which was ever ready to part his lips, and clear. ! dark colored eyes established confidence ! i« him at once, consequenljy with bat ; few exceptions he was a great favorite on | the jilui'ation. " He's got the whip hand of mi, has he he muttered to himself, as rising from the lounge he tossed away the fourth cigarette end and paced the verandah as one troubled. He was repeating to himself some words of Maurice Liscombe's, manager of Rap poe, spoken to him that day. That any body should have dared to try and exercise a power of this kind, nay, more, a threat held out to him, in order that he should appear craven in the eyes of others, was more than he could stand. He feared no one, and, least of ail, his con science, which was clear and free from the awful charge which he knew Lis combe intended bringing against him should he not at once hush it up with large sums of money. •' Let him do his worst; I am prepared. There mast be an end sooner or later to this." He was standing at the farther end of the verandah speaking to himself and so absorbed with his own thoughts that the footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by instinct, he turned quietly on his heel and confronted Maurice Liseombe. For a second neither spoke, but stood gazing at each other, with the pale moon beams playing cn their countenances. At length, Maurice Liseombe, a man short of stature, with a coarse-looking face and an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, broke the silence. "So, Mr. Prescott, you choose three o'clock in the morning for taking exercise besides awakening people from their sleep. To this Sybil made 110 reply, fearing possibly that had he given his tongue rein something more tlian a mere bandy ing of words might have resulted. Turn ing his back on the manager, he calmly puffed away at his cigarette. "Ah 1"exclaimed Liseombe, "so yon still intend to ignore me ? So be it. Re member the conditions upon which I have based my proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know the consequeuces. • A month from this date, and unless they are agreed to, ycu shall be known to the world as the mur derer of Gerald Dugdale." For an instant the desire to strike this man, as he would a dog, came over him, but as suddenly restrained • himself and gazing fearlessly on Liseombe uttered in words both calm and clear: "That God should have deemed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond comprehension. This threat which you hold out to me, thinking that by so doing you can extort money, does not frighten me. I say, do your worst. Now I have finished. Words with you are useless." Before the manager had time to make reply Sybil had vauished, leaving him to his own reflections. Iu another hour or two "the great hot sua had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill-tongued birds of brilliant colors, the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their retreats to bask in its genial rays, and all the thousand noises which are ever present in this steamy sugar land. The month was July, and cool enough compared to blazing Decem ber, which, indeed, is a veritable vapor bath in Queensland. The morning-bell had sounded, awaken ing the Lands from their slumbers to begin another day of toil and weariness under a vertical sun. Such a hot sun, the like of which is scarcely realizable by those who have not stood for hours under its scorching rays within the dense cane brake whither no breeze to refresh the body finds its way. For hours toil the coolies, ridding the ground of noxious weeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house. Then afar off are seen the patient plough horses tramping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after the late rains, in order to prepare the ground for next year's crop. Slowly and with mea sured tread, groaning aud tugging at their chains, are s'eea teams of bullocks, dragging behind them mountain loads of firewood to feed the ever-ready jaws of the huge furnaces, whilst the stalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many a curse on their heads and many a cut from his double-thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on without cessation until the crop is off. No sooner are the day toilers released than a gang for night work succeeds them. The huge rollers are silent for a time and give way to the whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter which is to be converted into sugar. It is all life and energy, the work of a sugar plantation. Races from all countries mingle to gether. fhe shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge of the machinery; the heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to prepare fresh sugar land by felling the jungle ; the treacherous Malay, who skulks and would like to run a knife through anyone who offends his dignity were it not that the laws of Queensland are not those of his own peninsula and he fears the consequences. Then come all the overseers, rouse-abouts,mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bags of sugar that will eventually find their way to the Melbourne and Sydney mar kets, others carting " megass" to the mill furnaces which has been drying under j the sun for days past. Dusky and well-proportioned women with babes slung at their backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments \ purchased at a neighboring store, load ing drays with fuel. For the women of the South Seas know hard work equally | with the men weeding and stripping the cane, laughing with the bright sunshine : playing on their pearly teeth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a less favored woman of fairer hue, and i over all the brilliant sunrays gleaming on whitened roofs and throwing shadows across the purple-hued mountains which frown like mighty fortresses that have been scorched and wind- swept for cen turies past. 