. &TRANQE; 8TORIE& Br James Cbebjtwood ("The Am tear Casual.") Author of "Hmnphrcv Dyot," "Reaben T Davidgcr," "Under a Cloud," "Dick > temple,". "Tho True History of a Little Ragamuffin," "Pretty IJzzio Lisle," "Kerriaoa'e Crtmo/'MFair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf, 'V " JaU Birda' Bumpz," etc., etc. All Rioirrs Rzaebyed.) No. ll. THE KRUMISER MYSTERY. Cunetopher ChiOiacb waa indicted at Ox bridge Aasiiea for the wilful mtmlcr of his mistress, PrircUla Kruniiscr. The circum stances of the cms, as revealed at the trial, were peculiar. The deceased woman had been lor many yearn a widow, and was an aged lady of eccentric habits. Up to tho tuae of ber death ehe resided in her own freehold house, which was situated in a somewhat lonely spot, about a mile aud a half from tbe markot town. The estate included a small farm, and Mrs Krumiseria two nieces, Cathcrino and Helen Fraw!— women of middle age and unmarried —lived with ber in the capacity ol servants. Chlffinch waa a laborer, a sort of Inndy man about the house and premises, and had been in the same acrvico since he was a lad up to the time when he wm accused of the horrible cdme m question, when his age, as it ap peared on the depositions, was forty-six. Though bard working and seemingly trustworthy, Chiffinch was of a morose disposition, and seldom had any oilier than a-aarly answer for anybody, excepting his old mistress. To her he was oiway re spectful, and cheerfully willing to do every talog sbe bade him. lfc was clumnily built, ungainly sort of fullow, and somewhat lime in consequence of a contracted brsoe-joint, x«b tab mule it noccseary for him to wear an iron ring attached to tho sole of ouo boot, to eke out tho abort leg and mako it of uJcngth similar to the other. _ Old Mm Kriimiscr was crippled too, and much more seriously. It wo the result of so accident, that happened a (ew weeks after the demise of ber husband, ft waa not to-be wondered at that Widow Krurniae was eceentic if only half of the stories trdd of the farmer were true. Ho was one of the cioee-fisted sort. Although he could very well afford to hire all tbe house and outdoor work he required, he toiled in the fields and on the farm harder than any com mon laborer, and shocked all his decent neighbors by working Sunday as well as week dsys. Ilo was grasping and greedy lor wealth, and compelled his wife to do housework aud assist with the trashing us well. Anything to save a shilling. He never unit to chnteb, aod, as far as anyone was aware, professed no religion, lie irid u luffed monkey in his bedroom— a monstrous creature of the baboon species, with & Sata nic expression of countenance, aud gleaming vrbito tusks, and great goggling glass eyes, ffbls stuffed animal stood in u square glass case near the bed, and when old Ambrose Kmmiacr was token with hi last illness, and the parson heard of it, he deemed it his duty, although the farmer had never treated bim with common civility even, to cmll wilh a view of affording him spiritual eoasotatkm. But the wfckcd old fellow would have nothing to do with him. " Dyo want to know what my ccligion is and has been all my life?" he enquired of xbe minister. ' " I should much like to know," was tho answer. "-Then that Is It," and with a trio he pom tod to the hideous ape in tho glass-case. "That's the chap I believe in. Ho ban been tbeboit friend ia thu world to me." |r The parson was much pained, of counw, and lot the venerable reprobate. But hi meaning was not qttito as it appeared. After Kro miser's death and burial, it was dis covered tbat ho had rnado a monuy-box of the ap— bad token out all tho stuffing from its inside, and replaced it with boarded money. Thinking it prohihie that thcro was more hidden somewhere, hi. widow mounted on a pair of high steps, poking among the - rafters, fell and was afflicted with panslyals. Her arm were so nearly useless that sho could neither dress huraeif or cat her food without assisUnco. In addi tion to this, a few months liefore her death, eb waa so dect cpit-T-hcr agu was seventy- four— that sho could walk hut slowly und With difficulty, and having a great liking for sitting in tho garden when tbe weather was flue. Chiffinch, who was very atrcne, was accustomed on such occasions to carry tho old lady out, seated in her easy chair, and convey ber back' axaiu to the house iu tbe same way when sho desired it. Old Mrs Krumwer's ccccutriclty mani fested itself in various ways, bnt itt none so markedly as io tho disposal of her money. Ia this respect she was amazingly like her late husband, hut evou more cunning. Thcro could bo doubt as to her being rich. Sho wus possessed of excellent house-property in tho neighborhood, and her rents amounted to at least two hundred a year, anil besides thfal she derived froth another source an amrarfincome of a hundred and fifty, aim! laaddtLVw there were tho profits of the fand which were at least enough for defray, ing honaefiokl expenses. Bat the singular part of it won that Mrs Kru miser rnwer hod any money. It was not frittered a\vwy in unnecessary nxtravaganco in 'tbo way <9 ( living, and twenty poands a year ' was mado to moet tho wage account of .Mrs Krnniiatr's two niccc aad. the kitchen maid as woll. What lbs qid lady did with the moucy was a rayatory, inexplicable, and tho muro so because she Mod a straugo fancy for gold. If ber rents or my part of them came to hrr in- the shape of bank notes she was restless until she bod uxchauged the latter for sovereign, and it- was tho same with her annuity. Sho put nothing in tho bank. If ahe haa done so, cHher Cathuriuo or Helen Jrawl must liavo known it, for bavuig 4cwce any use in her anns she never ven tured abroad without noo of them went 'with her. Where, then, coold sho hoinl it ? it waa quarter day, and she received 40 or CO pounds in gold. Shu would have it broqght into her little ertriogroom, and placed, for the present, in an old china ymcU-bowl, that-stood Jn tho comer cup board by thefir&-plaoe. If this happened in th« afternoon, never tired of puzzling on tlio > jlusidsi circumstanco, tho two nieces wreut : -iu look for it as soou as Aim Krutuiner was jjone to bod, but tho punch-bowl was .uxapty, Haa she been a person blencd with tho jfroeuseofherlimM, tbo natural inference, codne, would have boon that sho hod !TArt tbo gold upstairs with her. Bnt it was a. tested and proved fact that ahe could not lift a coin from tho tahlu. Her fingers vers poworicaa for such a feat, ti'ho might, with a spasmodic jerk uf tho wrist, uwcop a pieao ot money from tho table to tho ground, but abo coula not, if her lifo depended on up. How thon could sho take out of tbo bowl and convoy it off and hide It? It was physically impossible, Yot, thero wm do getting over tho hard fact, that, somehow or other, sho did convey it pff arid hide It as well. But where t The two eistcro, though tbey wore honest and faithful, were irate against the old woman for ber parsimony, and, as neod not be said, opportunity serving, they bad many- and many a timo mado tho strictest search for tho cooccalcd wealth. They had minutely examined beda : sad mattresses, probed tho dinks between the floor-boards, raised the ItearUi, investigated the chimney even, but not so inuoh an a single half- sovereign could, they evor discover. Thoy daro not question' Mrs Krnniiscr on tho subject. Nirce Helen, being tho boldest Of the two, voutured to'put out a feeler in this direc tion, aud got sharply snubbed fur her pains. A house in tho neighborhood liad been visiton by burglars, and their booty lucluded a considernhlo sum in ready cash. \- " Itshoutd he a caution, aunt, to folk who hoard mousy on their preuilsos, sai«l Helen, Jvluoh hotter bank it I should say. Bop- pose they were tu broak la here ?" " Woll, what then," demanded Mrs Krumuer, sharply, . "Why, leo what they might perhaps find," repllod hor lieice. " Thoy would liave to bo sharper than yon or your sister then," the old lady rejoined, with a grim chuckle. " You two, who know every hole aod comer and cranny and crevice in the house, and are always feniting about. ' Aud what have you oyer fotwd V' !4 Yet, but aunt," began the niece, pro testlagly, "yon know— " '/Ayo,. that's jnst it," snapped Mr# .Xjnmtm. . ." I do know, aad -ypn Aotf-% for ifill. Aud U yoa ain't aatiefied,: you can pack up and bo off aa soon as you p!cae 1" It will be nnderstood bow completely tbo two inquisitors had exhausted every means of accounting legitimately for wnat Mm Krtttniacrdid wiihhcr money when it came at last to their falling back on the supernatural. It wa actually whispered in the bouse— and not w softly that it rcachod Christopher Cbiffinch'ft dull cars— that Mrs Krumiser swallowed her money. Thoy did not go so far, by way of giving color to this monstrous statement toaffect to believe that she was gifted with a digestive system more powerful even tbsn that of the otrich, nor did they do the old lady the injustice to de clare that her greed for gold was such that she hail bargained with one, who shall be nameless, and for a certain awful consider ation for ability to enioy her precious sovereigns, not by spendiug them in tbe ordinary, hut in partaking of them as a dainty food, endowed with a delicious flavor. This much, however, Helen Prawl and sister Catbcruiu as well were prepared to swear to on the Bible. They had seen their aunt with money in her mouth. Helen's testi mony was even more startling than this. .She Averred that on one ocoasion when Mrs Krumiser had received some rent, she watched her through the keyhole, aod saw her amusing herself in a curious kind ot way. tine had reached ehe punch-bowl out of tho cupboard by embracing it wilh licr trembling arms, and hy the same means tilted tbe gold on the table. Then she knelt on a stool, so as to bring her open mouth on a level with tho table top, and proved against the side. Then with much pains and difficulty, with a circular move ment of her partly paralysed arm, she swept the money, a few coins at a time, ioto the receptacle ready to receive it. A Helen Prawl told her story, ot tbe time she had an idea that the old lady might find a miserable cojoymcut in sucking tbe cold as folks do aweetstuff, and watched for a long time to see her take them out of her mouth again. But she kept them there until she at length quitted the room by au inner door that led down into the garden. The strange story was told to Peggy, the kitchen woman, and shortly ftftor she had a s'.orv to teJI, Chiffinch had carried Mia Krutuiscr in her eaxy-clfeir into the garden aud set her in the snn ; and Peggy saw her, when she was left alone, get up ami walk about among the flowers. Wishing to ask her wunc nue.i-.ion, Pcgey approached her from behind, and co noiselessly that when she spoke the old woman gave a sudden start, and as sho did so a sovereign fell from her aud rolled along the oath. "It fell out of my Inwom," eaid Mrs Krumiser ; " put it Lack there again." But Peggy declared that tho coiu was quite wet, for all the world ns though it had fallen from her mouth. The kitchen woman told Chiffjucb, who gruffly replied that he believed it was a lie of tbo same pattern as that hatched up by Helen Prowl. From such a rude and unceremonious manner of address it might be inferred that Chaffinch hod but little respect for his fellow servant ; but it was only his unpleas antly blunt way of speaking, tho fact bciug that he and Pcgfy Drake wore ou Almost sweet-hearting terms, and occasionally walked out together cm Sunday. It was with evident reluctance that Mis Drake gave incriminating evidence against Chiffinch at the trial. Sho stated on oath that on one occasion when they were talking of old Mm Krumiser haviutf boen secu to place sovereign? in her month, nod appa rently to swallow them, that Chiffinch had remarked with a half Ungh that he would give the old woman a shake up tho next time lie was carrying her to the garden in her chair, and if hu heard anything rattlo inside her he would no more mind twisting her neck than the man did who killed bis gofrtc for tfie take of the golden cegn. Drake further deposed that Chiffinch had expressed to Iter his opinion that Mrs Krumi'er had a lot of money hidden away hornuwherc, but that it would take them all their time to find it, for sho was more artful tlnu old Ambrose, who had etowed bis sav ings in Ihe stuffed monkey. And, at that time, Chi fhuch had remarked : " If you or inc, Peg, could discover the golden ncrt, hy hook or crook, it would gave us a fair start to marry on." And, when she arked him what he meant when he said " by hwk nr hy crook," ho made answer that "one day ho might have to nut her courage to the test, and that then he would explain further," Other evidence wa forthcoming, showing that within a few weeks of the murder tho Accused had been observed under such cir cumstances as left little room for 'doubt that he was stealthily watching the old woman. One time after bo had carried her Into the garden, be was tccu by tho cowboy to crawl under a heap of straw, at a point from which he could watch her movements, and on another occasion he was observed to climb up into an old pear tree and crouch among its branches probably lor the came purpose. But one of thu must serious items of testi mony against Chiffinch at Un's period was that all of a sudden the onl woman took n dislike lo Chiffinch, and was seemingly nfraid of him. .She would not permit him to carry her into tho garden, or if she knew it to enter the houvo evtm. " Ho is crafty," she remarked (o her nieces, " crafty and sly. Hu is i changed man, und I wish he was far away from here." Aud when ono of tuem asked her since she could no longer trust bint, why sho didu't dis charge him, she made answer : " No, no, that wouldn't do ! I wouldn't have him think that 1 suspected him for the world. Ho might turn revengeful, and lurk about thu neighborhood, ami come one night and murder niu in my bed." Chiffinch was informed of this hy Peggy Drake, hut ho affected to make light of it, and said that he bad noticed a ' qticerncaa " iu tbo old woman lately, and perhaps she was going a bit cranky. And thero was some evidence of the latter. Although Mrs Krumiser could still manago to walk about a hit iu thu garden, and seemed no weaker, bodily sncakiitg, thnu usual, she began to have odd fancies, one of which was to have the old stuffed ape, which ymrn ago had been put away In a lumber room, brought back Again into her liedrooui. .She had, she declared, had it mndo known to her in a vision that her late husband's spirit had taken up its abode within it. and that it intended to rcmaiu In Its present quarter until the money it had been robbed of had been replaced whore originally do- positcd— wheu that happened, the ghost would return to whero it came. "And whero is that?" nioco Catherine asked her. " Were you totd in tlio vision, aunt, where the spirit camo from ? " Old Mrz Krumiser madu no verbal re spouse, bat wilh a jerk of her head indicated a downward direction." " Good Lord ! " tho niece exclaimed, " what— in tbat dreadful place?" " Who mentioned a dreadful place, you fool. If you had waited a moment, I was going to toll yoa that in the vision it was ex plained to mo that, as a punishment for drinklug hot rum and water alter dinner ou Suuuays, your poor uncle Is doomed to abide in a cold spring in tho bowels of tho earth for one hundred years." She told tbe doctor tho same story. "Thcro could bo no harm" ho said, "in bringing bock the stuffed ape to tho bed room again, since she so much desired it, but it seemed not improbable that her in tellect was failing nor and that sho bad bent ho well looked after." Soon after this CMffiooh became flush of cash. His wages being but eloyen shil lings per week, ho had at all times to practise the strictest economy, but seldom' allowed himself more than a half- pint of ale at the alo-houso of ovonlngs. But, quite suddenly, hu seeincd to fiava plenty of money. Ho took to wearing his Sunday clothes on week-days, ho bought a silver watch ;«nd, one night, being at the Barley, tnow, he stood drinks round to everybody thore, at a cost of four and tcnpence. Huoh mad extravagance, of course, soon got talked about. It Appeared to bavo been an understood thing botween him and Peg v y Drake that they were each to put hy what they could out of their earnluits, anil whun they bad accumulated enough lo fur nish a small cottage they were to be married. Peggy naturally concluded (liat Cldffinch luu proved false to her. Tbat ha hod altered his mind about getting married, aud was fooliug away his savings in sheer wsntooess of spirit. Ot this she accused him, und he laughed at ber. It was all right, be declared. Ile had oome Into a Ut of money front an un- expeotod quarter," and there might be a good deal to come yet. He declined to give her any partieslirt u to the "quarter ", jne&riooed;, and was sliy of discuaMsg thi -nmtterwttjb Peggy «t alL " Ai logg osno money wM hls/'be ro marked, " where was the odds where it came from" In giving her evidence at the trial, Peggy said, that patting "this and that together, ahe could think no other than that he had discovered tbe mistresses hoard, aud bad been helping himself. It was but a suspicion, of count-, and it was not for her to accuse him, but when he offered ber twenty oound to mind for him, all in gold, she made an excuse and declined." At the end of that week old Mrs KramUcr was one afternoon musing. She seemed better than she had been of late, and after dinner walked out of the house and into the garden, mod when one of the niece's went to bring her in to tea sho was nowhere to be found. Chiffinch, who was at work in the stable, helped to look for her. it was a very large old garden, and in a part of it that was never cultivated, thero was a well, and continuing tbe search to this part, it was evident that there had been a struggle at that spot. No one could stumble into the well, as it was fooced in with brickwork to a height of nearly a yard. There was old Mrs Knimlseris cap trod in the muddy soil —it hod beco raininc all the previous flight —and thcro wero plentiful footmark of all rou d about, some suco as a woman would make, and the others of heavy boots, and with deep circular indentations such as might be mado by Chiflincb's iron-shod boot. A man was lowered down into the well with a rope and a grapple, and the body of poor, old Airs Krutniecr woe brought to tbe surface at the first cast. Cbiffiuch was arrested. Everything pointed to him as being the murderer. 'There was the half-jokicg conversation that had taken place between him and poor Peggy Drake, weeks previously, res pectincthe"goose with tho golden eggs," aud tbo finding aud appropriating tho old lady's hoard by hook or. by crook. There was Mr# Krumiser's sadden dislike and mistrust of the man, and her expressed fear of discharging him, lest he should come one night And kill her m ber bed. There was tho large surn of money he had so mysteriously bccotncpossc&ed; of, and of which ho could gtvo no satisfactory ac count than that it had " come from an unexpected quarter. Chiffinch nt tho same time remarked to Peggy Drake tbat there might be " a great deal more to coine yet." And finally, and of course more convincing than anything else, beside there at tho brink of tlio well, into which tho victim had been cast, mingling with her shoe-marks was the imprint ol the iron ring on his lame foot. What more reasonable conclurion could be arrived at than that Citffinch— who was seen to 1)0 on tho watch— had found out where abouts iu the garden the old woman bad hid her money ; that he had helped himself to a portion of it ; that bis mistress had dis covered the theft aud taxeJ him with it, and tbat infuriated by the threats he had thrown her into the well. Chiffiuch, while acknowledging that he had been guilty of concealing the fact that he knew deceased was in the well, stoutly inainlaiucd his inuocence of murder. At the eamc time it was the opinion of everyone who heard it, that his explanation was a lame and exceedingly unlikely one. H# accounted for the moneys be had io his possession, And part of which he had re quested Peggy Drake to mind for him. He had found it. It had apparently been pur- noscly etowed away and hidden, but not by Mrs Krumiser, neither was it her property. : The sum ho (Chiffinch) had discovered, w&b; L40, all in gold. And it was to nn old leather bag, such oa old Ambrose Kruuiiscr used to carry ou market days, and It had been Jilaccd in a holo in the hay oft ; the probable period of the deposit being indicated by & toll-gate ticket within the b»K, and dated within a few weeks of the farmer's doath. When, as he averred, he remarked to Peggy Drake that there might be moro where that camo from, hu meant that the old man, whose miKcrly habits wero pretty much like those of his wife, might have more gold j hidden away in out of the way places and ho might find it. As regarded the untimely end of hla tnis tress, Cbiffiuch declared that it was a case of suicide. Ilo had seen her iu the garden on the day of her death, and they had some talk together, she being more friendly than tbe had shown herself towards bim for a long time She related to him, as satnething sho hau never mentioned before, and as a secret he must uovcr divulge, tho notucDic about the spirit of her husband having returned to earth and taken up hta i abodu in the ape's skin, whero it intended to remain and haunt her until she re paid hiin nil the money he had hoarded there during his lifetime, and of which sho had tio'sesscd hcreclf She was in great trouble, fjccatiee, although nhu was able to icpay the claim in qucstiou, her money was sunk iu mien a way, she could not touch It, and tbat since her husband's spirit was growing more and more angry every day there was uotli- in: for her, even thougn it cost her her iifu, but to find the money and appease it, " I couldn't mako anything of her wild talk," said Chiffinch, "and while I was persuading her to return to the house she suddenly turned and ran towards the well. Her crazincao seemed to give her more strength than she has shown for years, and she was so quick I conhl not overtake her mail she reached the well. She ran round it to prevent me taking hold of her, which accounts for her footprints and nffnu being so numerous at that spot, and her cap came off and got trod in the mud, 1 never dreamt that U was her intention to jump in, or I should have called out for help. But nil in a moment sho did jump iu, striking her head against tho side and sinking like a stone. Then it rushed to my miud that I might bo suspected of mur dering her. It would be. said that wc were unlrieudly, and tny having been seen with money would -be brought up against mo, pooplo thinking that 1 had robbed her of it, and that had given rise to a quarrel between us. Ho like a fool 1 resolved to say iiollffug about it." As might have been expected, counsel for the prosecutiou ridiculed Chiffinch's " ex planation," and npuko of it as preposterous und unworthy a moment's serious consider ation. And the judge unmistakeably leaning to tho satno opinion had no hesitation in finding a verdict of guilty against Chris- topiior Chiffiuch, who was coadcmnod to death. Aud hanged ho undoubtedly would have been hut for a very singular accident. As need not he said, the water in the old well was no longer used for domcstio purposes, hut was good enough for cattle. Tho wutcr was drawn up in a largo stable pail, which being old sprung a leak, which was temporarily stopped with a largo putty plaster. This was one day being let down By a boy, and the weight proving too much for lilm, and loslm control of tho windlass the bucket fell plump to the bottom. When ft was hauled up, lo and bohold 1 thcro was eix sovereigns sticking to tho puttv ! Amazed at this seeming iniraclo tho ex- periuicnt was repealed ; at tho second east two tnoro " gold fish " wore brought to tbo surface. Onco again and four tnoro camo up. Thcro was a stir thon. A steam pump was procured, and tho woll (Indued dry, anil rich indeed was the mud and clay which formed tho well's bottom. Carefully washed aqd sifted it yicldod no less tbat eleven hun dred and thirty sovereigns. This turned a now light on tho Krumiser mystery, and it' scctnad that Chiffinch's story might after all he truo. Tho old woman, according to bim, had told him sho had money enough to meet tho claim Iter dead husband's spirit had mado on her, hut "it -was sunk in such a way she couldn't touch it." but got at it sho must, though she lost her life in tho effort. Thon sho tan to tha woll and throw herself in. Which msv have been her mad way of " finding " the gold she herself had " sunk." Tiffs wss the pith of tho petition sont to tho authotitius, praying for a reprieve for tbo condemned man. As to how dccoascd, having tio use in her onus and bauds, carried tho uotd to tho well, three wituosses had seen her with money In her mouth, and sho tnight so have con veyed U thero and dropped it in. Anyway tho strange dlicovory threw a gravo doubt on Chiffinch's guilt, aud he was reprieved, aud a very few inontba afterwards received a free pardon. The noxt Straugu Story, A Lunatic Lorer, will appear ou Saturday. 