: : AN UP TO BATE .GHOST i .; . 8T0HY. 'Having been concerned r in a ' most re- , markable and altogether inexplicable adven ture the other evening, which happened to. ine-ih Thomas lane, Snotty Asb, I have been : tiduoed, at the earnest solicitation of many menus, to communicate tne sallowing par-, tjculars of toe same to the Liverpool public, ak being of more than ordinary interest.". So V rites a correspondent . of the Lvcerpool Ifcst : — '. . - . , I was proceeding leisurely on foot to Bro id- green (he proceeds), .when, on pasting the church at Knotty Ash, my attention was sud denly arrested by toe strange and uncanny appearance of its graveyards.. .The time would to en he shortly after midnight;' The whole burying-ground seemed alive and glistening with a thousand -small blueish lights, wtticE' appeared to creep in- and -out of the different graves, as iftoe departed spirits were taking a midnight ramble. I stood petrified, 'not knowing what to make -of' it, at toe edme' time experiencing a feeling of. horror which suddenly took complete pos session .of me. ' Jnst at tins' moment "toe' isbon, which had. hitherto been more or less obscured by a moving: psnozsma of passing cloudB, came, as it would seem, to my assistance," giving ms fora Very short time toe benefit of' her companionship. Ant now appeared toe xnost startling phenomenon of all,a-phBngaienon which caused my hair to stud -on end with fright, a cold tmnffmess of horror paralysing me in cvery limh, for; advancing np toe toad directly -Opposite tome, camea funeral train, toe coffin horne 'along with measured tread, 'covered with an immense black pall, winch fluttered up in toe midnight wind." : -V ' At first 1 thought I must surely be dreaming, and therefore pinched myself in the arm tb ascertain if this were really the case. But no, I certainly was not, for I distinctly felt toe nip, ana was tnereiore naiarax — u- wakefnlnesa. "What conld it all mean?" I asked myself as the cortege gradually hp- : preached me, and I began to distinguish toe general ontlinee of the bearers. Theaeappeared tobe ddorly men, and to have lived in a hfgtme age. All were dressed in toe costume of toe latter part of the eighteenth century. They wore tie wigs, and some had swords, as well as walking-sticks mounted with deaths' heads. I observed only one reaUyyonng man among tire crowd of followers, walking jnst behind the coffin. His youth, in comparison with the others, perhaps made me take especial notice of win- He was dressed in what appeared to be black velvet, toe whiteness of lus ruffles stand- ' ing but in marked contrast to the sombre nature of bis general attire. Heowrriod&Bword.; had diamond buckles in his shoes, and wore his powdered hair in a queue. The faoe of this young was deathly pale, as were also toe feces of all the others accompanying hbn Instead of toe procession advancing to the gate at which I stood, it turned Buddenly and entered the burial-ground by the one situated at a few yards' distance. As toe coffin was bcrne through this gate all the bine spirit lights seemed to rise from the grave as if to meet the cortege for toe purpose of escorting the body to its last resting-place ; these awfnl lights' added considerably to toe ghastliness of the scene as they floated over toe coffin and heads of the mourners. Slowly the procession glided np toe pathway, naming toe main entrance of toe church, and, continuing its way in a straight line, finally disappeared at the bark of the edifice. Where this most extraordinary funeral went to or what became of it I cannot tell ; bnt this much I distinctly aver, that coffin, mourners, and lights — even toe pale flickering moonlight — all disappeared as mysteriously aa they came, leaving me standing in the dark- ness, transfixed with astonishment and fright. Upon gathering together my somewhat scattered senses,. I took to my heels and never stopped running till I found myself safe in my own house. Hi fact, I scarcely remember how I got home. After recovering a little from toe shock I immediately aroused a female relative who had retired for toe night, and related to her the above particulars. She assured me that I must have been suffering from mental hallucination, bnt, seeing the great perturba tion of my mind, and at toe same time knowing my natural scepticism with regard to all so- called supernatural phenomena, she came to toe conclusion that, after all, I might possibly have seen what has been described above. The next day I made inquiries at the neigh bourhood of Knotty A ah, and ascertained from a very old woman tnat she remembered a story in her youth having reference to toe mysterious and sodden death of an old occupant of Thing- wall-hall, who was lustily and qnietly buried, toe thought, at midnight, in toe old Knotty Ash churchyard. If so, was this a ghastly repetition of the event got np for my especial benefit, orwaa it a portent intended to fore- shadowthecomingof toeDread Visitor tomyself ? Now, as I have before stated, Tarn no btoever in ghosts, bnt certainly this very remarkable experience of mine haa entirely upset all my previously conceived notions of toe enbject, leaving ne ha quandary of doubt. On the evening npon which I saw toe mysterious mid night funeral at Knotty Ash, I was exceed ingly wide awake ; had met eeveral cyclists on the Erescptt road, with whom I con versed, and had likewise refeetoed myself at toe public drinking fountain placed at toe top of Thomas lane. Strange that a fewhundredyardsfaxtoer down toe road I should encounter eo ghostly an experience — an experience! shall never forget to my dying day. 