rowing notes.. " Bt 'OOTRIGOSB. ' " >' Tho Essendon club made a good step on Satur- day last to advance their welfare, not only with their local supporters but also with the kindred rowing clubs. The races rowed were well managed, and visitors received every courtesy and attention that could be extended upon the occasion. The four-oared maiden clinker out- rigger event produced some excellent racing, the crews being, on the whole, much better than expected. The victory of the Yarra Yarra crew made the twenty-first win for the club during the season, a record the wearers of the navy blue and cardinal may. well feel proud of. However last Saturday's victory was not with- out a large share of luck. It was a good start for the Yarra Yarra crew to be drawn against the Essendon four .who were not anything like the best crew the club could turn out ; and to follow this bit of good fortune they drew the bye. : The Mercantile looked like the winning crew when they rowed their heat against the Melbourne City crew, and when they met the University, though the latter had beaten the Williamstown, there were few who thought the 'Varsity had. a ghost of a chance of winning. The rowing of .the 'Varsity four was allowed to be worthy of maiden oarsmen, but it is so long since their colors got to the front that a good performance was not looked for, and when they led the Mercantile by a length at the finish, there was much sur- prise. Had the 'Varsity won the final heat the victory would have been extremely popular. In.point of merit they deserved the win, and the accompanying trophies, for their racing proved beyond doubt that they were the best crew of the lot. The.Yarra Yarra showed to much better advantage in their heat against the Essendon than in the final, in which they tired considerably after going half a mile, and their rivals managed to get within a few feet of them at the finish. The sculling races held by the club amongst the members . were not very interesting, but Anderson, Aitken and Bruce showed very good form and will probably be heard of again. The Essendon club were evidently much gratified with the success of their first undertaking to provide open competi- tion, and it is to be hoped that the intention of the members to work up a good regatta for tho early .part of the season will .be carried into effect. A word of praise is due to Mr. A. E. Young, the hon, secretary of the club, for his untiring efforts on behalf of: the "red and black." To-day (Saturday) tho annual Inter-collegiate Eight-oared Race will rowed. As usual, the race will take place over the Lower Yarra river, but, owing to the incoming of Queen's' College to the race, the old starting place in Humbug Reach must be abandoned, as it is not wide enough for three crews to row abreast, and another starting place has been decided upon, viz., the ½ mile post in Coode's Canal. The finish for the races has hitherto been at the east side of the swinging basin, opposite the Gas- works, and the crews will terminate the contest to-day about tho same spot. The distance will be, as near as possible, one mile and three quarters. The presence of a Queen's College crew in this afternoon's race will be hailed with delight, and everyone will wish not only that they will be represented in all the races to come, but that their first performance will be so good as to prove an encouragement to them. The names and weights of the first crew who are to i represent the college are as follow :- J. R. Gardiner (str.); 10 st. 1 lb. ; C. F. Hawkins (7), 12 st.; A. V. Roberts (6) 10 st. 5 lb. ; C. S.. Graham (5) 12 st.; A. Clarke (4), 12 st.; D. Avery (3), 11 st. 10 lb.; J. Gardiner (2), 10 st. 1 lb.; F. J. Gawne (bow), 9 st 6 lb.; R. J. Gribble (cox), 8 st. 6 lb. The average weight of the crew is 11 st 2¾ lb., which indicates a fair amount of power in the boat. With the exception of Graham, No. 7, they are all novices at racing, and, therefore, every allowance must be made for them. At the out- set of their training they sought tho help of Mr. J. Doolan to coach them, and that gentle- man willingly undertook the task, though with little hope of success. However, by pluck and perseverance on the part of the crow, and judicious advice from the coach, the rowing during the past week has reached a very credit- able stage, and whether they win or lose they may be expected in to-day's race to do honor to their college. They will row in a vary fast eight, bnilt for them to order by Dick Fuller, For so young and inexperienced a crew she is rather small, but if they can keep her steady and catch together, they will feel the benefit of having such a craft. Their cox is well up to his duty, having been chosen on past occasions to pilot Meibourne University eights in their races against Sydney and Adelaide 'Varsity crews. There have been 10 races rowed between Ormond and Trinity Colleges, starting in 1881. The first four races were in gigs and all four were won by Trinity. The Trinity crews were also successful in the first two eight oared races, after which Ormond's turn came and the wearers of tho "yellow and black" won the three following races and Trinity did not turn the tide of affairs till last year, when the green jerseys with fleur de lis again got to the front, making the record for all con- tests — Trinity seven wins, Ormond three wins. If victory in to-day's race is to fall to one of these old opponents, it will, by general opinion, go to Ormond ; not that the Ormond crew is a flrst class one or equal to those that have in the past represented the college, but on account of the inferior calibre of the.Trinity crew. The names and weights of the Ormond crew are:— R. R. Lewis (str.), 9 st. 6 lb.; W. Grant (7), 10 .st. .10 lb. ; J. C. ; Roberts (6), 10 st. 9 lb. ; G. Shaw (5), 10 st. 10 lb. ; J. K. Murphy (4) 10 st. 4 lb; W. P. Smith (3) 10 st. 4 lb; W. J , Nicol (2) 9 st. 10 lb; E. J, Robson (bow) 9 st. 7 lb; H,. K. M. Walker (cox) 8 st. 5 lb. This crew is considerably lighter than Queen's averaging only 10 st. 2 lb. or a stone less per man, however, there is superior skill in the boat to that in either of the other crews. In R. Lewis, the Ormond: have undoubtedly the best of the three strokes and it is some advantage to them also to have W. Grant who has done a good deal of rowing, as their No 7. Upon their rowing practice, this crew should win notwithstanding that they are at so great a disadvantage in driving power. If. they averaged 11 st. per man, victory would be almost certain for them. As matters now stand, they are strong favorites, and it is tho general opinion that the crew that beats them will win. As heretofore, Mr. Cornwall has been in- defatigable in his assistance to them as their coach. They have been taken out by him in pairs, and afterwards in the eight, every evening, and the result of his coaching is manifest in the improvement made in their, rowing. The Trinity crew are not thought to be at ail capable of upholding the honor scored by past crews from the college, and certainly there is a great gap between their rowing and that shown, for instance, by last year's Trinity crew. In.the crew who are to wear the dark green jerseys to-day, there is not one who has previously rowed in a college race. They are all beginners at rowing, and it has been no easy task to get them into something ap- proaching the form required for racing. Mr. Upward has been their mentor, and has coached and steered them regularly since Easter. Owing to there being very few to select from, the principal difficulty was in getting an eight to- gether, and after the selection was made, it was found impossible to get the crew out complete for practice, and an emergency has been required at almost every outing. However, the past week has been an improvement and some fair work has been done over tho racing course. Their supporters now feel that the:. crew will not be left hopelessly behind the other two eights. The names and weights of the crew are as follow: - D. Porter, (str.), 9 st. 13 lb.; F. Deimer (7), 11 st. 12 lb.; F. H. Gibbs (6), 10 st. 6 lb.; R. Graham (5), 10 st. 7 lb.; C. H. Gaunt (4), 10 st. 13 lb.; C. Bainbridge (3), 9 st. 12 lb.: F. R. Derham (2), 10 st. 6 lb.; J. W. Griffiths (bow), 10 st. 5 lb.; E. Jarrett (cox), 8 st. 4 lb. Tho crew averages in weight 10 st. 7½ lb., a full half stone lighter that (sic) the average of the Queen's crew, yet that much above the average of the Ormond eight. The form of the three crews will be much below that shown in the past few races between the colleges, and as each is faulty, there is some difficulty in gauging their relative merits, Tho race will .be slow, but the crews will not be far apart, barring, accidents, though at present, Ormond's' chance of winning looks best. The race is to be started at 4 o'olock. The s. Eagle has been chartered to carry spectators who wish to follow the crews from start to finish, and that vessel will leave. Queen's Wharf shortly after 3 o'clock. On Saturday afternoon last, the ceremony of launching the: new. racing eight-oared boat for the Queen's College crew took place in front of ; the University club's boathouse . There was a large gathering present, including many ladies. The boat was presented to the college by Mr. C. H. James, and is a splendid gift. The craft was christened the Miriam, in compliment to the donor, whose daughter, Miss Miriam James, performed the ceremony. The new boat has; been turned out in Dick Fuller's best style, and- is a credit to his establishment. Tho public schools first crews are now in active preparation for their annual contest, and this year the starters will be Geelong Grammar School, Melbourne Grammar School, Mel- bourne Scotch College and Melbourne Wesley. College. The last named have the right to name the course for this year's contest, and have notified that the Lower Yarra is their selection, the Lake course not being long enough. , The four crews will therefore make one race of it and will start abreast. The distance to be rowed is one mile and a quarter, which is quite far enough for young crews in gigs. The Scotch College crew are busily at work on the river every evening and are being coached by Mr. Frank John- ston, of the Electric Telegraph crew. The We3ley and Melbourne Grammar Sohools train from their boathouses at tbe.Albert Park Lake, while the Geelong crew are reported to be doing well on the Barwon, under the guidance of their old coaches, Mr. J. L. Cuthbertson and Mr. W. . E. Austin. The race is to be rowed on Friday afternoon, 15th May. Tho' old opponents of the Geelong Grammar School, viz., St. Ignatius College; are to have their.rowing power tested to-day, by a crew from Mr. E. Robson's new school at North Shore. The race is to take place at Lane Cove, which is rather an advantage to the St. Ignatius College crew, as it is the water they practise on and the tides are strong. However, there is a strong opinion amongst : those who have seen both crews that Mr. Rob- son's boys are going to win, and should this opinion prove correct, the late coach of Ormond College will indeed have reason to be proud of his first effort on Sydney water.: The New South. Wales Rowing Association's Regatta is to be held on the 23rd May, and the gathering this.year promises to outshine all its predecessors. The programme comprises senior and maiden eights, and junior and maiden fours. Adopting the plan of the Victorian Rowing As- sociation, it is proposed to award a premiership pennant to the winning club of the senior eight race. The conditions upon which tho pennant will be awarded have not yet been settled, but there is a desire to have a flag every year, as the Victorian Rowing Association have arranged to do. The prizes to be awarded to the winners at the New South Wales Association's Regatta will be gold medals. Chris Neilson, who has been of very great as- sistance to what is known as the Beach and Kemp party on. the Parramatta, has boon secured to assist young Sullivan, who is re- garded as the coming champion, in training from Gladesville for his races against Stephen- son, Dutch and Bubear. The Ryde contingent of scullers have lost a really good man, whose place it will be hard to fill, while Sullivan may have the satisfaction of knowing he could not be in better hands. Neilsen carries with him the best wishes of the many Victorian oarsmen, who are not likely to forget tho ready help he has accorded them on their visits to Ryde. Contrary to expectation, James Stanbury has beaten John M'Lean, and for the first time has secured the sculiing championship of the' world. The match between tho two men was made nearly three months ago, and during all tho time, and especially during the past two weeks, M'Lean has been a strong favorite. Even at the start tho betting was 2 to 1 on him, which would indicate that in appearance he was well trained, and fit to maintain the reputation he had made not only by defeating the man who ho was that day to row again, but also by beat-. ing Peter Kemp, a very worthy holder of the championship. How was it that in the face of such performances M'Lean was easily beaten by Stanbury on Tuesday last? From the very start Stanbury rowed away and was not pressed. The time was very. slow, and could have been beaten on the day by men of third rate calibre. The only reasonable way to account for the re- sult is to attribute the easy defeat of M'Lean to his not being in his best form. It is strange that the critics on the river did not notice any falling off in the champion's practice rowing, but some- how. these changes do at times escape observation. Stanbury is a good sculler, but has always been overrated. He is strong, but is a long way in-, ferior in skill to any of the past champiohs, his sliding particularly being far from good. He has secured the title of champion, but by a performance scarcely up to champion form. It is not likely that he will be long unchallenged, and it will be interesting to know from what quarter the gauntlet will.be thrown down. 