Turf Talk. The attention of owners and trainers is directed to the interesting bill of fare arranged by the Australian ' Jockey Club for their Spring Meeting, which, takes place ' next month, and it must not be forgotten that the* date of general entry has been fixed for Monday next, the 17th instant, when nominations must be lodged with the secretary (Mr. T. 8. Cubborn) for the following events :— First day : Hurdle Eace, a handi cap sweepstake, of 5 sors. each, 1 ft., with 200 sots. ' added, second horse 50 soys, from the price, 21 miles ; ' Trial Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 200 sovs. added, for three-year-olds and upwards that : have not won a prize exceeding 100 sovs. m value up to the time of ' entrance— weights, three-year- olds 7st 121b, four years 8st 81b, five and upwards 8st 101b— . second horse 50 sors. from the prize, 1J mile ; Spring Stakes, a sweepstakes of 10' sovs. each, 1 ft., ' , with 500 sovs. ' added, fair three-year-olds and up wards, second horse- 100 sovs. from the prize, ljmile; ? Kensington Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 . sovs. each, 1 ft., with 200 sors; added, for three-year- ' olds and upwards, second horse 50 sovs. from the prize, lowest weight 7st^ 1 mile. Second day: Tha ? Shorts, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 1 ft., with 200 sovs. added, for ; three -year-olds and up wards, second horse 50 sovs. from the prize, 6 fur longs ;? Grand Stand Plate,- of 400 sots., for three year-olds and upwards (3 years 9st, . 4 . years and upwards, 9st 121b), fixe winner to be sold for 200 sovs., 51b allowed for every reduction of . £25 on selling price down . to 50 sovs., the surplus on r selling price to be divided between the owner of the . second horse and the club, one mile ; Spring Maiden Stakes/a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 200 sovs. added, second horse 50 sovs. from the prize, for maiden horses— weights, three yeare 7st 91b. four years 8st 71b, five years and upwards 8st 91b, 1| mile. Squatters' Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sots. each, 1 ft., with 500 sovs. added, for three-year-olds ' and upwards, second horse 100 bovb. from the prize, 1J mile. Third day : Second Hurdle Eace, a handi cap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 200 sots. : added, second horse 50 sots, from the prize, about two miles; Craven Plate, a' sweepstakes of 10 sots. each, 1 ft, with 500 sors. added, second horse 100 6OV8. from the prize, for three-year-olds and. upwards, 1J mile ; Suburban Handicap, a handi- - cap sweepstakes of 5 bovb. each, 1 it., with 200 sots. - added, for three-year- olds and upwards, second horse 60 sovb. from the prize— lowest, weight, 7st— ? 7 furlongs ; Wycombe Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sots, each, 1 ft., with 350 bovb. added, second horse to receive 100 sovs. from the prize 1 mile and 3 furlongs ; Sydney Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft, with- 500 . sovs. added, for three-year-olds and upwards, second horse 100 sovb. from the prize, li mfle ?'' Fourth . day: Selling Plate of 200 soys— weights, three years 9st, four -years and upwards 9st 121b— winner to be sold for 200 sovb, 6 furlongs; Hie Members'. Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 bovs. each, I ' ft, with 200 added,. for three-year-olds, second horae . 50 sovs. from the prize, 1 mile and a furlong; Steeplechase, a handicap sweepstakes of 10 bovb. each, ' ? 1 ft, with 400 sors. added, second horse 50 sors. from the prize, about 3 miles; Waverley Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs.. each, 1 ft., with 500 sovb. added, for three-yea^ jblds and up wards, second horse 100 sovs. from the prize, If mile ; Bandwick Plate, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 650 sovs. added, for three-year-olds and upwards, second horse 150 -and third 100 bovs. from file prize, 3 miles; and Final £bndicap,ahandi- ; cap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1ft; with 200 sovs. added, second horse 50 bovs. from the prize, 1} mile. - As usual,: entries will be received at the office of the ? V.R. C, Melbourne, up to 4 p.m. on the 17th instant. Ever-energetic Tattersall's Club is in the field with a first-class programme, which appears among our advertisements, and which is tobe discussed at Band wick on Saturday, the 29th of this month ; and Mr. James Ferry, the secretary, will be glad to receive nominations for the following events at x-r before 4 p.m. ..on. .Monday.- next, the 17th, and 1 sov. will secure an entry.:— Hurdle Bace, aJiandicap of 150 sots.,' second 20 from the prize, 2 miles : Tramway Handicap, a handicap of 150 sots., second 10 from the prize, 6 furlongs j. Selling Bace of 100 sors., the winner to be sold for 100, 7 furlongs ; Tattersall's Two-years-old Stakes of 200 sovb., second 50 from the prize, colts, fillies, and geldings 7st 121b, } mfle ; and the Spring Handicap, a handicap of 150 sots., second 10 from the prize, ljmile. . Nominations for the Muswellbrook handicaps are to close on Tuesday next, the ISth. On Monday next, the 17th, Mr. G. B. Bowler, the Bosehill secretary, will be ready, to receive entries up till 5 p.m. for -the following inteiesting items to be run on the 7th and 9th of November :— The Bosehill Slakes, a handicap of 200 sovs., second horse to receive 20 sovs. and the third horse 10 sors. from theorize, 6\. furlongs; Birthday Handicap pf 300 sovb., second horse to receive 30 sovs. and the third horse 20 sovb. from the prize, 1 mile 1 furloug. ' The weights are promised on or about September 28. The usual en trance fee of 1 sov. must accompany each nominatioD, and in. connection with the Bii'Jiday Handicap' no' farther liability will be incurred if scratched before 4 p.m, on October 7. . The acceptances for the Q. T. C. Handicap and the Exhibition Handicap to be run at the WintSC Meeting of the Queensland Turf Club, wffl be found in ourcolumns ttis week, and Governor, Lady Lisgar , and Pirate appear to have as bright prospects as moat. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club will hold its Grand National Meeting at Coalfield this (Saturday) after noon, when thefiandicap Hurdle Eace and the Caul ffeldGrand National Steeplechase will be the principal attractions. The Hurdle Bac^ honours will be Hkely to go to Pingara, Frolic, and Havflah ; and the battle for the Steeplechase may be fought out among Tear less n., Busaco, and Beggar Boy. The master of the hounds informs us that they will meet every Saturday ; but tiiat, unless members give very practical support, it will not be worth while to keep the pack together after the present season. It should not be overlooked that all horses have to follow the hounds at least six times during the season to be eligible to compete for the cross-country steeplechase. In this issue Mr. C. S. Guest announces the full programme for the Hawkesbury Spring Meeting, which takes place on September 24 and 26; on the Clarendon course. The general entry has been fixed for the 26th instant, when the f ollowiugj items will demand the attention of owners and trainers of racehorses : — First Day : Hurdle Eace, a handicap of 120 sovs., second hone - to receive 20 eovs. from the prize, 2 miles ; Public Auction Stakes of 100 sovs., for all horses; w.f .a., second horse to receive 10 sovs. from the prize, winner to be sold for 100 sovs., selling allowances, 6 furlongs ; and September Handicap of 100 bovb., second horse to receive 20 sovs. and the third 10 sovs. from the prize, for all horses that have never won an advertised prize of 45 bovs. at the time of running, 7 furlongs. Second Day : Second Hurdle Eace, a handicap of L20 sove., second horse to receive 20 sovs. from flie prize, 2£ miles; Members' Handicap of 100 sovs., second horse to re ceive 10 sovB. from the prize, 7 furlongs ; Disposal Stakes of 100 sovs., for all horses, w.f.a., second horse to receive 10 sovs. from the prize, winner to be sold for 100 sovs., Belling allowances, 7 furlongs ; and Ladies' Bracelet, bracelets value 50 sovs. for the winner, 30 sove. for the second, and 20 sovs. for the third horse (or cheques, if preferred), for threeyear olds and upwards, lowest weight 7st 71b, once round the course. The secretary, Mr. C. S. Guest, will receive nominations for the aforementioned events at the office of the dub, Richmond, up to 4 p.m., and Sydney and Melbourne sportsmen can lodge their nominations with the secretary of the A. J. C, Castle reagh- strect, and the secretary of the V. E. C, Bourke-street, respectively, up to the same hour. The first forfeit for the leading handicaps of the Hawkesbury Spring Meeting was declared on Mon day last, and toe list of the horses that have, so far, cried content is (published elsewhere in this issue. The malcontents for the County Purse number 15, and include Splendora, Damask, Silence, Victor Hugo, Jack, Denman, Bernardo, Halo, and Cobar ; while a baker's dozen have left the Grand Handicap, among whom are Paris, Escort, Komisch, Denman, Splendora, Hop Bitters, Knight Templar, Moscow, and Neta. At the monthly meeting of the A. J. C. committee on the 6th, jockeys' licenses were granted to P. Began, R. Harrison, John M'Crow, E. Bheese, J. Chaafe, jun., Joseph S. Edge, Sydney Vann, Geo. Vincent, Edward Williams, and D. Edwards ; and the license of F. Hatch was renewed. The disqualification was removed from Mr. Tyson's horse, Chancellor. \ Registration has been granted to the Goulburn Steeplechase meeting, by the A. J. C, authorities. : The Goulburn sportsmen have framed a ten-event programme for their steeplechase meeting, which has been fixed for October 23 and 24, with added money amounting to over £300. The principal items on the card are : — The Handicap Hurdle Eace of 40 sovs., City Handicap of 50 bovs., Steeplechase of 60 sovs., and Town Plate of 40 bovb, A six-furlongs spin between Mr. Bush's Millie and Mr. W. A. B. Greave's Sailor, w.f.a., took place on the Graftou racecourse on the 1st instant, and a good race resulted iu a three-lengths win for the former. The Tibooburra Jockey Club hold their annual races on October 6 and 8. Mr. A. Byron Moore invites applications for the position of judge for the Victoria Racing Club up to the 29th instant, at the office of club, Bourke-street West, Melbourne. At the settling over the Warwick Farm August meeting on Monday, the V.B.C. Melbourne Cup came in for some attention, and all the money, amounting to several thousands, at 100 to 2 was taken about Megaphone, while 100 to 3 was the best offer at the finish. The demand for his stable-companion had the effect of easing Carbine in the market, and 100 to 9 was obtainable about the son of Musket. Tirailleur was the only other horse inquired for, and as there was no better price than 100 to 4 forthcoming very little business resulted. The half-dozen events on the card for the Moore field August Meeting attracted 129 nominations yesterday, of which the Tramway Handicap was responsible for 20, Welter Handicap 29, Kogarah Stakes 28, Moorefield Handicap 12, Auction Stakes 11, and Stewards* Mile 29. The following scratchinga have been posted at the office of the A. J. C, in connection with the leading handicaps of the Spring Meeting : — Epsom Handicap: Splendora, Bernardo, Rover, Sweetbit, Lancer, Rainbow, and Welcome. The Metropolitan : Bover, Merrigal. The complete programme of the V. B. C. for season 1891-2 is published in pamphlet form. Amongst other information it gives a table showing the amount of the stakespaid by the club, the grand total being £401,505. The amount of the stakes paid to placed horses at meetings of the V. B. C. from August 1, 1890, to July 31 last was £60,536, of which £44,100 was money added by the club, £16,836 being entry, sweepstakes, and forfeit money. The recent change in the proprietorship of the City Stables, CastLereagh-street, will not necessitate any alteration in the arrangemeuts for the measurement of ponies and galloways in connection with the Sydney Driving Park Club, and the official measurer will be in attendance on Tuesdays and Fridays to pass small horses under the standard. The Botany authorities nave deemed it advisable, owing to the unsettled state of the weather, to post pone the trotting and race meeting announced for Tuesday, until the 18th instant. ' Goldleaf , who ran second in the Grand National Hurdle Race, was sold on Monday last at Caulfield by order of the Sheriff. The purchaser was Mr. E. Weekes, for £185. The heavy downpour of rain in the south coast dis trict has compelled the management of the Albion Park Turf Club to postpone their race meeting until the 26th instant. The Victorian Racing Calendar for the current month is to hand, and is more interesting than most numbers of that publication, inasmuch as it contains a list of race meetings to be held in the metropolitan district during the current Beason, together with the usual information on turf matters in the sister colony. The amateur sportsmen of Bingerahave issued a six-event programme for their spring- reunion, the profits from which are to be devoted to improving the local racecourse. The meeting has been fixed for September 26, and the leading event on the card is the Hewitt Gift Handicap of 20 sovs. After winning the Auction Stakes at Warwick Farm on Saturday, Double Creek was purchased by Mr. Anthony for £50, all of which went to the funds of the club, as the daughter of Lord Burghley was entered to be sold at nil. . Of the stakes disbursed at Warwick Farm on Satur day Mr. H. Dargin secured the largest share — £140 — by the victory of Oxenham in the August Handicap, Messrs. J. Mayo and E. E. A. Oatley received £75 each, earned by Bushlight and Marvelette in tha Hurdle Bace and Pace Welter respectively ; Messrs. T. Lamond (ns) and J. Kerr were each credited with £50 by the successes of Melbaand Double Creek in the Farm Stakes and Auction Stakes respectively ; and Mr. B. J. Boulais got £10 for the performance of Mayday in the Pace Welter ; pairing a total of £40. The owner of Pastime was fined £2 for neglecting to withdraw the gelding from the August Handicap at Warwick Farm within .the prescribed time; and a similar penalty was inflicted in connection with the Pace Welter.' ; Messrs. TattersalTs sales of thorougbred. stock com menced at Newmarket- -(England) on June 29, and attracted a large assemblage of English and Conti nental sportsmen, while Mr. F. W. Day made several purchases for Australia, including 'the 'broodmares Plevna, by.Ben Battle from Crescent, with colt foal by . Loyalist, and stinted to Doubloon, for 230 guineas; Deborah, by Arbitrator from Miriam II., and stinted to Lowland Chief, 100 guineas; Rythm, by Kingcraft from Bran Dance, with filly foal by Exning, and stinted to Cylinder, 300 guineas; Spite, by Dutch Skater from Duchess of Parma, stinted to Bendigo, 310 guineas ; Idolatry, by Isonomy from La Trappe, and stinted to Rightaway, 540 guineas; and Blue Mould, by CtBruleus from Staff of Life, and stinted to The Lambkin, 200 guineas. These well-bred mares should make a valuable addition to colonial blood , stock, and it is safe to assume that they will be mated with Norden feldtat Betford Park. The highest prices realised on the opening day were 8100 guineas, paid by Lord Willougbby de Broke for Pampas Grass, by See Saw from Flower of Dorset (dam of Friar's Balsam), with colt foal by Hermit, and stinted . to .Hampton ; 2300 guineas, given by Lord Bereaford for. Buttermere, by Doncaster, from Thorwater, with colt by Barcaldine and stinted to the same sire ; 1550 guineas, paid by Mr. T. Phillips for a bay mare by Scottish Chief, from Hilda, with filly by GalUard, and stiiited to Bendigo ; 1100 guineas, paid by M. Blanc, for b.m Fennell, by Rosicrucian from Fenolla, and stinted to Barcaldine, while four others brought 1000 guineas and over. Mr. D. Cooper sold Sunshade, by Springfield, from Sunshine, and stinted to the ' Kirkham-bred horse Nepean, for .280 guineas ;' aud the two-year-old, fillies, Tempe, by.Tynedale, from Temeraire, and Fidget, by Royal Hampton, from Albert's daughter, for 100 guineas each. At the sale of yearlings' On the fcillowihgday, the' best price — 1050 guineas^-was given by Mr. John DawsonV for Andro meda, a bay filly by Minting, from Stella ; and Lord Bosslyn gave 820 guineas for HamptonRose, a chestnut daughter of -Hampton and Rose-wreath. On the third day, Mr. Fairie gave 2500 guineas for a bay colt by Sterling from Cherry Duchess (dam of Enthusiast) ; Mr. Blundell Maple secured a filly by Barcaldine from Geheimni8s, for 2100 guineas ; Mr. B. Sherwood paid 1750 guineas for a colt by St. Simon from Beau harnais; a bay filly by Hermit or Galopin from Nydia brought 1550 guineas, the bid of the Duke of Westminster ; Mr. Noel Fenwick gave 1400 guineas for a filly by Hermit from Villafranca ; and a similar figure secured a colt by Barcaldine from Katherine to Mr. D. Cooper, who also gave 300 guineas for a bay filly by St. Gaticu from Mosquito (sister to Musket). On the fourth day the only youngster . to reach four figures was a colt by St. Honorat from Lady Lumley, for whom Captain Machell gave 1100 guineas. . Particulars of the races won by Mr. D. Cooper's Melody and Mons Meg on the opening day of the Ascot June Meeting are to baud. The Prince of Wales' Stakes of 1300 so vs., one mile and five fur longs, brought out a field of eight, and Melody, who carried 8st 91b, was favourite at 11 to 10. The following description of the race is from Sporting Life: — 'Punster, who was well backed, made strong running until the straight was reached, but lie had then shot his bolt, and retired beaten. Upon his retirement Patrick Blue, who hid also helped to force the pace, was left in command, but he was almost immediately challenged right and left by Melody and Cuttlestone. Whilst this pair were battling for the mastery Orvieto, who had been a long way in the rear, began rapidly to gain upon the leaders, and just :is Melody began to part company with Cuttlestoue, Mr. Houldsworth's colt had drawn within a couple of lengths of the pair. About 50 yards from home Orvieto took second place, but though Tom Cannon had timed his effort beautifully, he could never quite ' get Orvieto on terms with Melody, who won, all out, by a head. The result, although it left Melody triumphant, was in a great measure a complete re versal of the Newmarket Stakes form, so far as Melody, Orvieto, and Orion were concerned, as both colts ran far better than at Newmarket. Time, 2 minutes 54 1-5 seconds. The 'contestants ' for the Gold Vase, two miles, were reduced to three, namely — Mons. Meg (6st 12lb), Nunthorpe (9st 4lb), and Padua (8st 131b). Nunthorpe was an even-money favourite, 5 to 4 could be got about the Australian filly, while Padua was quoted at 10 to 1. Padua cut out the work at so strong a pace that Nunthorpe was in trouble a mile from tiome. Nevertheless he ran most gamely under difficulties right up to the hist ; but though he wore Padua down, he had not the ghost of a chance with the old-fashioned, Australian-bred Mons Meg, who, running like a true stayer, won easily by six lengths in 3 minutes 41 1-5 seconds. Mons Meg took part in the race for the Gold Cup, 1\ miles, on the third day of the meeting. The daughter of Martini-Henry and Malacca carried 7st 41b, and started favourite at 7 to 4 against, while Morion was next in demand at 11 to 4. Considerably after time Ragimunde came out of the paddock, followed by Morion, with Gon salvo, who ran in a hood, next, and Mons Meg, who was led down the course, last. After making the circuit, the five cantered down the course in the same order, and had taken up their positions at the post but a short time before the flag fell. Gonsalvo and Ragimunde were first away, but on settling down Rag'mande assumed command dear of Mons Meg and Gonsalvo, with Queen's Birthday next, and Morion last. So they came at a moderate pace up the hill, and on passing the stand Ragimunde was hold ing a two lengths' advantage of Mons Meg, with Queen's Birthday third, -in front of Gonsalvo, who was well clear of Morion. In this order they lengthened out into Indian, file going round the Royal Hotel turn, but at the hill top closer order was taken, and as they commenced the descent into the dip the pace slightly unproved. Queen's Birthday deprived Mons Meg of second place, and halfway down the hill Morion, who had been whipp'ng in, ranged alongside Gousalvo. No chagne took place until reaching tile junction of the courses, where Mons Meg again drew into second place, just clear of Queen's Birthday, with the other pair racing together at the Spring Cottage colt's heels. At an increased pace they raced along the bottom stretch, and passing the Brick Kilns, Queen's Birthday on the inside joined .Ragimunde2 and a few strides further on took a slight lead, Gonsalvo going on third, while Mons Meg dropped back in company with Morion. Favoured by the inside berth Queen's Birthday held a slight lead entering the straight of Gonsalvo and Ragimunde, with Mons Meg next, but directly they showed fairly in line for home the last-named was in trouble, and Morion, on the outside, took fourth place. Before reaching the Spagnoletti board Ragimunde gave way, and Queen's Birthday aud Gonsalvo were joined by Morion, the three coming away, and in an exciting finish, of which each in turn looked to have the best, Morion, shooting ahead 60 yards from home, won cleverly by half a length from Queen's Birthday, who defeated Gonsalvo by a similar distance for second place. Mons Meg was fourth, and Ragimunde last. Time, 4 minutes 48 1-5 seconds.' Messrs. William Inglis and Son commenced their twelfth annual sale of stud horse stockat their Bazaar, Pittj-street, on Tuesday, when there was a large attendance, but buyers were rather scarce. Only four blood horses were paraded, and two sales were effected. The New Zealand bred horse Holderuess, by Daniel O'Rourke from Sky bird (imp.), ? who was knocked down to Mr. White for 50 g_uineas, and the bay horse, Young Garnet, by Sir Garnet from Countess, who ' was purchased by-Mr. Emmanuel for 26 guineas. A number of fashionably- bred imported trotting and coaching stallions were submitted for competition, but the bidding did not reach reserve prices, and they were passed in. The colonial bred coaching stallions were mostly youngsters, and a couple of sales were re corded. Coronation, by Lord John (imp.) from Florence, brought 46 guineas, the bid of Mr. Keenan, who also secured a 2-year-old bay colt by the same sire from Poker, by Cossack, for 42 guineas. In the draught section several fine animals entered the ring, but there was very little demand for that class of stock, and tiie principal sale was that of the imported sire, Lyon of the Lyons, by Lord Lyon from Tibbie, who fetched 100 guineas, the bid of Mr. Page, of the Mudgee district. Mr. Bourke gave 49 guineas for the draught stallion Tommy, by Darling's Robin from a mare by Honest Tom ; and Freetrader was knocked down to Mr. Keenan for 67 guineas. Mr. Greaves secured the pony stallion Don Carloso, by The Don from Char coal, for 19 guineas, and he also bought a pony mare for 14 guineas. The imported trotting mares Cazy Jane and Hattie Weir did not bring reserve prices, but a chestnut filly from the latter, and by Yarraman, was sold for 13 guineas, ?while a fi^-Ji °y Irvington (imp.) from the same mare, changed hands at 34 guineas. The pony stallion Tom Thumb, by Yarraman from Rose, went to the nod of Mr. Muddle at 18 guineas. The sale will be continued to-day, commencing at noon, and a lengthy catalogue, including the steeplechaser, Wild Boy, by Day Dawn, the thoroughbred mare Venus, by Python, aud many other good horses will occupy attention. The sale of stud horse stock was continued on Wed nesday, and was fairly well attended. The imported roadster stallion St. Ives, by Gilbey's County Member (948) from Maud (4117), a handsome dark bay, show ing plenty of substance and qualitv, was purchased for 250 guineas by Mr. S. Hordern of Retford Park, Bowral ; the colonial-bred coaching stal lion, Rossmore, by Duke of Cleveland (imp.), from Brown Bess, by William Tell, was knocked down to Mr. Brown s bid of 65 guineas ; aud a coaching colt, by Lord John from a mare by imported Duke- of Cleveland, was secured by Mr. J. C. Booth for 35 guineas. Mr. P. M. Bourke, of Yass, gave 100 guineas for the New Zealand-bred draught stal lion Topgallant, by Topsman from Pride ; and Mr. Keenan bought the draught stallion Native Lad, by Grand Australia from imported Lady Lincoln, for 59 guineas. The Bathurst Turf Club have selected the Prince of Wales Birthday as the day for their next race meet ing, and a five-event programme has been drafted for the occasion, with 130 sovs. added money. The lead ing item is the Birthday Handicap of 40 sovs. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that Mon mot has been scratched from the Toorak Handicap, the Caulfield Cup, and the Melbourne Cup. Leroy has been scratched from the V. A. T. C. Hurdles. Wild Rose and Clovis have been struck out of the A. J. C. Epsom Handicap ; and Gnaroo and Dundas were eliminated from The Metropolitan. As might have been expected, the going at Rand wick on Tuesday was very slopp3r, and, notwithstand ing all the care and attention that has been bestowed upon them, the recent heavy rains have seriously affected the tracks. According to his almost in variable custom, Kelso was earlv on the scone with his .team, and opened proceedings by 6ending Alcides and Re three-quarters of a mile at their top pace, and the former appeared to have the better of the bout. Rosestella and Dauton ran a fairly good mile aud a-half , and Denman also went well. Victor Hugo covered a mile in good tune, and Jack and Theodore negotiated six furlongs iu excellent form; while Bushman, Playmate, Sovereign, and the others of the Orville Lodge string put in fair work. Sir William aud Easy John were sent twice round, and Eileen and Strauu rattled long for about a mile. Carlovitch went once round quietly, and so did Marabo, while Marigold and Volney put past a mile and a-half creditably. Glengarry also went well, aud so did Sandhurst ; while Cobar, Maud, and Bella were schooled over the hurdles, aud the former seemed to like the light sticks. Aaron was treated to average work, and the useful Sir Anthony performed his allotted task satisfactorily. Wilga and Eveline each covered a mile fairly well, and Blarney and Sandy Greaves did sound work. Sulphide and Oxide cast the Derby distance behind like a pair of race horses, and Cardoness,1 Melba, and Plover also got through their studies in n satis factory manner. Moraine, Dilisk, Correze, Merriwa, Norbert, and Mantilla were each and all treated to useful work, and so were Kilmore, Roundabout, aud the others or the Chelsea -street string. Corvette shaped unusually well, and Piecrust spun along for a mile, while Stromboli, Alberwarle, Bengal, and the others of Payten's team, including the two year olds, got through serviceable taske. Kelvin, Blythwood, and another did very well, and so did Emin Pasha, Rushlight, aud The Mason. Yowi had none the better at the end of a strongly run gallop with Euroka, and Thelma and Escort brushed along for seven furlongs. Chatham went twice round, the first with Upstart and. the second with Pelham ; and Grandofia and Oddfellow placed a useful lesson to their account. Paris, who is very gay, cantered ; Marvel registered once round at a good working pace, and Wandsworth, Cremorne, aud Transparent also shaped well. . Meles went half pace, and so did Biingebah, Scots Grey, Ethelbert, and Gatling ; and E.K., Empire, Rialto, Welcome, Bover, Reynard, Letty Liuu, Starch, Faux Pas, Chorus, Michigan. The Swell and a great many others were treated to useful exercise. A satisfactory report was placed before the mem bers of the Bendigo Jockey Club at-the annual meet ing on Monday last, showing that from a sporting, as well as from a financial standpoint, the transactions of the Club during the past year have been very suc cessful. The management of the Ballarat District Hunt Club have made arrangements for a six-miles cross country steeplechase, on the 20th instant. The conditions are that all horses nominated by bona-fide hunters, and must be owned and ridden by members of recognised hunt clubs. Entries close to-morrow. The movement recently inaugurated in New Zea land with, the object of instituting a ruling jjovrer for the better governance of racing in that colony is making good headway, and the results of the Wellington conference, at which delegates from the principal racing clubs were present, indicate a successful issue. The sub- committee appointed to frame the constitution for the proposed governing body, and which consisted of Messrs. Bell, Clifford, M'Lean, Mitchelson, and Captain Russell, have completed their duties, and the draft clearly defines the powers with which the New Zealand Jockey Club are to be invested. The objects of the institution, to be known as the New Zealand Jockey Club, are tile promotion and improvement of racing throughout that colony, and from time to time to alter and amend the rules of racing, without inter fering with the management of the metropolitan clubs while conducted under the rules. The stewards are to be 19 in number, to be elected annually in the month of June, three by each of the metropolitan clubs of Auckland, Canterbury, and Dune din, two each by Wellington, Hawkes Bay, and Wanganui, and one each by Tara naki, Nelson, Marlborough, and Greymouth. Provision is made that no sentence of disqualification for a longer period than 12 months shall be finally imposed, or, having been imposed, shall be remitted!, without the consent of the stewards ; and any person under a sentence of fine or disqualification shall have the right of appeal to the stewards of the New Zealand Jockey Club. That body shall also issue ~ licenses ~ to trainers and jockeys, and only holders of such licenses shall be qualified to train or ride under the rules of racing, the fee for such license to be 21s. The registration and fines received from that source must be paid over to the secretary of the club, who shall place them to the credit of the 'Distressed Jockey Fund.' The Dunedin Jockey Club was the only racing institute that opposed the formation of the governing body, and the secretary of the conference was instructed to forward the following communica tion to that club : — ' Though the delegates fully re cognise that the absence of so influential and im portant a club as the Dunedin Jockey Club cannot fail to detract from the usefulness of the new club, they feel that the dissent of one club ought not to over-rule in this matter the deliberate judgment of alj its compeers. Beiterated proof was given during the conference of the desire of all the delegates for the co-operation of the Dunedin Jockey Club, and I am instructed specifically to state that the inauguration of the club was postponed until January, in hope that your club may, at the November conference, unite with all the other metropolitan clubs of New Zealand in settling its rules aud constitution.' At a meeting of the committee of the Northern Jockey Club held on Tuesday evening, it was decided to postpone the race meeting, which was to take place on Saturday next, to Friday, September 4. The racing mare Ellerstene has been sold by Mr. Chippendale to Mr. C. W. Kidman for £500. 