A Faclc of Gards A simple eentoncp, but do you know tho knowlcdgo this little centenos ocntalns f Llstou, and 1 'illtctryou. Many years ago, during tho reign of Oharlea VI., cord-playing was flritintroducad into Franco, aud became so tne rags, ana was earned to each on ex tent that it was for o timoprobibited. Society was divided into four daises, colled c<utet, aud each of tbeso castes represented by tbo four different suits of oards : First — hearts or churchmen, from tho French cm rr (heart), called;?//; de thattr, qr choirmcn. Second— 8 or beado, and represented tho noblta. Third— diamonds or rquara e'tonci represented the workmen. Fouth— iUba or clover loaves indicated the peasantry. Nor is this all, for dops not tho aoorcmindyon tbero is ono God, The Deuce -ot tbo Father and »'D The 7'ray—ol tho. Father, Sun and uoly Ghost. The Four—ol tho four evangel hats who preached, Mitthcw, Mark, Luko and J The Five— ot the fire wise virgins who had tbeir lamps trimmed. The Six—1 In Eix Lord mado Iho heaven and earth.' Tlx Sci'en—1 " On the Bsvouth the ,a,uu. j.nc ox mo cigut nghteou) persona wboworosared when God destroyed iho world, Noah, his . wife, three eons aod their wives. The Nine— nioo leper wero ploinsed by our lord. Tbcro wrrd tea, but nino gavo thanks. The Ten -of the ten commandments banded down to Moses. The A/V/r-of tho great King in Heaven. The Queen — of tbo Queen Saebo, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her fifty girls, and fifty boys, all dressed in maio attiro for tbo King to tcU which wero boys and which wero girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash, and as tho girla washed to tbo elbows and tbo fcoja to tbo wrlets, tba King soon jadged. Counting tbo spots on a pack ol cards there era 095, as many days as thors aro in a year. Countiog tho number of cards to a pack, tbero aro 52, equal to the numbor of v»oekfl in a year. Tbero arc four suits— tho number of weeks in a month ; and last pioturo cards in a paok, reprcsentlog 13 months in a year, and on counting tho tricks, which are 13, tbo number of weeks in a quarter. So yousegthat slmplotontcuconot only contain a history, but a bible almanac and common proycrbook. 