THE DOCTORS SHOOK THRE JIEATIS. "i would give -a million dollars for a stomach." said.a irealtly Amerriour e.ently. INow, a miUlin dollars C(*2OO..0) isa.a deal of money, but he wa-irnut able to 'buy the article even atittiat price- - -. Mr. Thomas Gaskin;of id.. Poplar Bow, Darley'Abbey;amcr -Drb, :is not so' 0 luhr:asi manoy, being a gardeneri but he was isandy enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got.. Here is his'itory, sima he shall" tell itln his own way. Mr. Gaskin.goes on to sa: "'Up to eightyears ago 1b had never lst an hour's work through sickeless. Io: December, 1882, whilst living at Rieeston, near Nottingham, .my appetite fell away;' I had dreadful.lpin after eating, a had taste in my mouth, which- would fill -with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that, I often had to remove it s4ith'my fingers.! My heslt used to 'fill. up,' and my throat would, swell so tiat..I -couldn't button my ishirt at'the neck. yvomited a great deal. chiefly a yellowish;gren phlegm. I had - a rackingcoughli, ned would cough and strain till I bled at the onse, and the blood rushed out.of my ears. I became exhausted mid short of breath and had to- call the doctor, and was:iu bed five or six weeks. "I then wentasout-patientto the Tttting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six montbs was very little better. 1I, got so thin that I was like a ghost?alking abeout, andany friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then wurse, and at last the doctors recom mended "me to try a change of dir. So 1 came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me aon indoor -recommendqtion to the Derbyshirl Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital -were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, 'You pre in a galloping con sumption, and must die" ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. ,.Getting a trifle better my'old master allowed meto do what little I could in his, gardens and grounds, and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went oi like this until December, 1888, -when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com plete3y. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes a5 mquh as a tea-oup ful at once..anoj was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow,.,and my eyes were bloodshot. .ly lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke dut into a cold, clammy sweat, My tongue was like a]iiece of brown leather, and I could -keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. S"I managed tb get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak-lina to take hold oafhefurniture to move a few yards. I wasu always' tired pnd" weary, and, sitting or lying, was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read, I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was sas nervous I couldn't bear the least `oise, and the children at play quite upset me. . : "The doctor uiopt on attgpding me, but he said, 'I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, -because yoqr lungs are dis eased.' I then gave over taking his moediine, and tried everything I could hear af. One thing wrs a cough cure from. London that cost 22s. a bottle. . But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, 'Well, you won't, cough much longer, you have merely to prepare ?for another world.' "About the middle of March, 3889, a neighbor named Joseph Tattham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ?' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I smut my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores. in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an cvacuation black as ink. rand vomited. Then I fell asleep, and felt rusted when I woke. After takingthe mcdi cine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master. who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him. as 1 tell everyone. that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once. and have never lost a day's work since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seige's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life, and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. iKeetley, head gardener. Darley Abbey. who is acquainted with all the facts allered. lMr. Gaskin has lived at Darlry Abbey 22 years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now. what was the complaint from which he suffered l Not galloping consumption. certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have gallipcd into his grave in less thano three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic iflamumatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh). which has lung symptoms like consumpltion. for which it is so often ignornLtly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy. Mother Seigel's Scruop. was used. the disasse yielded, as all diseasc s of the digestive tract do yield to that att'tificc.t prelparatin. We heartily cougratulate Mr. GClskin on his recovery. and cuomtleni the facts of his case to all ttinking pteuple. 