Coe â>ytnmj áHcrnínn. 2_rrali_. TFEDNESDA.7, MAT 6, 1891. His Excellency the Governor has consented to be present at tho turning of tho first sod of tho North Shore railway extousion on Wednesday next. The day has been proclaimed a holiday. His Excelency the Governor and the Countess of Jersey will bo present at the matinéo boneSt por formanco to bo tendered to Signor and Signora Mojoroni at Ilor Majesty's to-day. The Countess o£ Jorsoy gave a garden party in tho Govornmont House grounds yesterday, for whieh ovor 1S0O invitations had boon issued. iNrxuEKZi baa broten out in tho North of England. The Archbishop of York died yesterday morning, in his 70th yoar. Mn. Goschhk desitos to ensure the right o£ trustees to recovor promptly from the colonies in regard to trust fundB investment; Tun apples shipped by the Orient have brought 10s to 15s per ease. . Ah oil painting, by Mr. Frank Diokaeo, has boen purohasod by Mr. W. Knox D'Aroy, o£ Queensland, l'or 2000 guineas. The Shaw, Savill, and Albion Company's atoamor Mamari, on her last voyago homeward, grounded off the Abrolhos Islands, and lied to jettison a quantity of mutton from her foretold. A deputation o£ losidcnts o£ Pattsburg and Wallsend, yostorday, asked for a Government grant to erect a cottage hospital at Wallsend. Tins Executive Council yesterday dooided that the non lenco of death passed npon Lars Peter Hansen should bo carried into effect The Elder oxploiing party, the South Australian branch o£ the Googriphical Society say,'aro buBy at Cootinoorinna preserving meat. TnE South Austra'ian bakers are now employing non-unionist6, ond the disputo with their omployoos ia far from settlement. Tua IÎ.M.S. Ormuz arrived at Suoz on Satur- day. Mu. David A. FEiiacMJti./M.L.A, for Welling- ton, diel yesterday. Trra rioter» at Foarmios, in Franco, aro, it is said, importing dynamite from Belgium, a quantity o£ which, has been uoizod on tbo frontier. Sevebaii horses in the "Wallsend pit, Newcastle, have been attacked with pinkeye, and have been disabled. A jooKBV yostorday was oent to gaol for soven days with hard labour fir riotous bohaviour in Market-, tract. PiiOFEsson Andeuson Steam's ofBoial report to the Colonial Saorotary, on Kooh's cure for tuber- culosis, appears in our columna to-day. A vote o£ sympathy for tho Queensland union shearers, was passed at a meeting at Tumut oa Monday. . It ia stated that tho President o£ the Transvaal Itopublic ia unablo to chock the armed Boor expe- dition, tho numbor o£ which greatly exceeds expec- tation. Tun Director of Agriculture informs tho Albury vino and fruit growers that a bill to doal with phylloxera and insect posts will bo introduced soon attor tho meeting of Parliament. Many of the 'union shearers at Barcaldine havo asked to bo lakon on again by tho pastoralists, Tun estimated population of Wagga is 15,000. Cooma requests a visit from Sir Henry Parkes, Me. J. F. Cuk.es. M.L.A., addresses his con- stituents to-night al North Sydney. A eAiLort from H.M.S, Paluma, yesterday, was fined 40s, or in dofault 21 doya' gaol, for assaulting a constable. Brown, the oarsman, was yesterday ordered to pay Dutch, the value of the boat smashed during their race last March. A school of arts haï boon established at Oaks. Several freo labourora, who bad dosortod sta- tions and thrown in their lot with tho unioniste, have appliod to he ro-ongnged, but were refusod, Mn, 4. Bowman, M.L.A., received a vote of con fidaaoe before his constituents at Windsor, on Mon- day. A 1ABODB doctoral loaguo has boon formed at timut. BiMTEx PntDDï iboeWed ais monote' with hard 1 lsboiir-yesterdayfar larcenyfrom MesETiLasíettcr end Co. Tin: biennial meeting of tho Grand United Ordor of Oddfellows cloBod j osterdav. The roueeabouts at Fort Bourka etrack work last week. Some residents of Plattsburg and Wallsend made application to tho Minister of Lands yesterday for a site for a public park at Plattsburg, Tub Mayors of Leichhardt, Five Dock, and Drummoyne) before tho City Ballway Commission yosiorday, favoured the construction of a railway through the western suburbs. Tue unionists have been severely checked in their attempts to in'.erfero with free labourera st Barcaldine. The Hon. 13. Barton, M.L.A., was examined in reference lo tho Newcastlo miners' strike yesterday before the Labour Commission. Mr. W. G. Higgs, a socialist, was also questioned. Me. John Wheeled, ILLA, will meet his con- stituents at.Hurstvillo to-night The population of Brisbane is 55,059, or au increase of 4270 since last census. ' A unionist dolegato and four o£ his comrades have boen arrested in Barcaldine for assaulting an artilleryman and a constable. The Polo, who wa» epoared by tho blacks in Dora Dora, has only slightly improved ia condition, Tho blacks aro still at largo. A special train loft Rockhampton on Tuesday for Jericho, with 10 prisonors (charged with burning: tho Lorne woolshed), 32 f roo labourers, and 20 special constables. Mr. W. V. Robtnsos has been appointed to suc- ceed Mr. Jenkins, as Clork of the Victorian Assembly. The Adelaido master bakers havo rosolyod to ask tho Federated Employers' Council to arrange for a board o£ arbitration, to settlo the disputo in tho baking trade ro hours aid wagos. The charge» of conspiraoy against unionists are being oontiuued at Rockhampton, and a number o£ letters of a desperate character woro read in court on Tuesday. The Victorian Chief Secretary yostorday refused to allow.a medical board to examine Johnston, the man who murdered his family at Ballarat The offer of assistance from Mr. T. Dickenson, engineer of Syduoy, has boen ncooptod by tho boord to inquiro uto the Queenscliff gun accident, as ho is accustomed to the breech-loading gun. Two unionists, on Tuesday, at Adavale, were committed for trial for burning down a woolshed. Tni: Rev. M. G. Peareo lecturod on " Some Old Folks at Home: Sketches of Cornish Religious Character," last night in the Contenary Hall before a large audience, A joint sto3k carrying company has boon start»,, in Central Queensland. Sut Rodeet Stout conaidors that if New Zoalnnd raorged herself in Australia, it would mean the decadence of Now Zealand national ltfo ; but ho favours cultivating a fraternal foaling betwoen the colonies. TriB Governor has received a telegram from Lord Knutsford, congratulating tho Government upon tho reduction in the cabio rates. The first annual meeting of tho Sydney Rescue Work Society waa held laBt evening in tho Young Men's Christian Association Hall, the Minister for Justico in tho chair. The Governor o£ New Zealand waa enthusiasti- cally received by tho nativoä and Europosns all through tba Auckland province. The population of Wellington, N.Z,, is 30,055, an increase of 5000 sinco last census. Me, W. M'Millan, the Colonial Treasurer, re- turned lo ¡Sydney yostorday from Brisbane. A new laundry in connection with tho Home of nope, Stanley-street, Nowtown, was openod yester- day by Mrs. F, L. Barkor, Tns special eossion of tho Diocesan Synod was continued yesterday. A bazaau in aid of the funds of St. Michaol's Church, Surry Hills, waa opened inHho schoolroom yesterday. The present time is considered inopportune for placing tho Russian Convorsion loan on the market, so it has boon postponed. The Times considere that the London monoy market requires a rost, af|or its trying ordeal Tnn Borough Council of North Sydney deter- mined last night to borrow monoy for tho estab- lishment of manicipal gasworks. Dti'UTX RoctiB baB been expollod from the Fronch Chamber for calling the Minister o£ the Interior an assassin. The World states that tho Queen will advance money to the Princo of Wales to avoid application being made to Parliament in order to pay olT his dobts, on tho condition that tho Prince makes an allowance for the Duke of Clarence. Thehe was on animated markot for scrip in tho principal Bilver m'm-a at the Exchange yesterday, and increasing rates woro ollbrod. . TnECustoms revenue received yesterday amounted to £7517. It is needless to invito attention to tlio valuable report of Professor Anderson Stüaet .which is published elsewhere in this issue. Tho- interest attaohing to the subject of tubercular consumption, the attention which liaa been direclod to the investigations o£Dr. Koch, the importance of the special mission to Berlin, and Dr. AuDEnsoN Stuart's own reputation not only as a scientist but as a lucid ox pounder of seientiflo truth, have invested this roport by anticipation with unusual interest ; and a, perusal of it will realise the expectations that have been generally formod. It is of formidable length, it must be admitted ; but from the avoidance at rouok as pos- sible of technical languago, and the lucidity that pervades it throughout, the roport with its voluminous appondicea can bo followed even by the lay mind with facility, and is a storehouso ( of hygienic information. Professor Stuart narrates the circumstances in which, ho was diroctsd to proceed to Berlin, as representativo of this colony, to in- quire and roport on Dr. Koch's method of curing consumption-his commission being subsequently extended bo as to render similar service for the colonies of South Australia and New Zealand. Ho was on observer of tho phases o£ that singular excitement in what ho graphically calls the " period of enthusiasm " and the " period of disbelief," and after careful observation on tho spot, qualiiiod by subsequent con- sultation with eminent men who had given the subject a thoughtful and ex- haustive study, he has expressed his conclusions in a judicial spirit that curries weight and conviction. " Wo cannot," hu says, " at present regard the lymph as a successful curativo agent, yot it is the lirst eubstanoe that has directly and specifically affected tubercular matter within the human body. Further, it is the first example of a new method of treat- ment which opens up a -wide field of medical activity, and by which eventually not only tuberculosis but also such disease as diphtheria, tetanus, and others may possibly l)e prevented, cured, or even annihilated." With the interesting story of Dr. Koon's prolonged investigations, and of the man- ner in which his secret was prematurely forced from his hand, most people are now familinr ; but it is re-told by Professor Stuart with more detail and in mona graphic form, and confirms the knowledge of how purely scientific and entirely apart from accidental discovery were tho methods by which the eminent booterio logist wrested the secret from nature. Pro- fessor Stuart does not think there is much in the profession of tho " gigantic diffi- culty " in proparing the lymph, Indeed, this is one of the features that seem to us to have had a tondencj' to produce a reaction in public feeling respecting the Kooli remedy ; for _ though it would bo presumptuous in the last degreo to assooiato the name of the greatest of bacteriologists with tho idea of charlatanry, still not from his fault, perhaps, but | because of th* action of his offioial superiors-there has been something in the mystery attempted to be thrown aronnd the manufacture of the lymph, that savours of quackery. Professor Stuart says-the Beeret of tho manufacture of the lymph has not yet been fully made known by Dr. Koch, nor what are the aotive~ substances con- tained in the remedy. So much Dr. Koch has told that it is a glycerine extract of the pure parasite; but as other eminent men, from examination of tho lymph, and without knowing how Koch had obtained it, were able to prodoce* u liquid with ?similar properties, it is probable that the secret is no longor a secret, but the curative principles involved iu the romody and the method of preparation ara those described in the roport of Professor Anderson Stuart. One thing seems apparent, that, whether from rapid deterioration or inequality in the ingredients, the lymph acta with considerable uncertainty ; and any prospect of success in the application of the romedy in this colony can only bo based ou tho hope expressed by Dr. Stuaut, that with a well-equipped buotoriologioal laboratory in Sydney, when the mode of preparation has been disclosed, there will be no diffi- culty in producing Koch's remedy for tuber- culosis or any other such remedy which may yet bo discovered, as for diphtheria or tetanus. That irregularity of action which was so marked in Europe appears to bo more than reproduced in the experi- ments which have already boon mado in the colonies with lymph brought from Berlin ¡ and there is little doubt that, what- ever merits may attuoh to the Koch remedy, they will only be reaped by having the manufacture of tho lymph in Australia. The whole of the roport of Professor Anderson Stuabt is full of interest ; but to the lay mind not the least absorbing aro those appoudices and chapters on the transmissibility of tuberculosis. It is a grim subject ; and the knowledge now estab- lished by facts, that by the atmosphère, in mille, in floshmeat, by drinking from the same vessols, by kissing, by clothing, oven by contact, the tuberculous baoillus can with tho utmost faoility bo convoyed, will be a revelation of a startling and unpleasant kind to many. If the new romody is a preventive or a cure to this dread disease, well ; but if the moro recent investiga- tions in bacteriology only roveal further tho insidious and irrepressible nature of this gorm of disease, it will be tho adding of a new terror to life. But Professor Stu/rt's investigations and conclusions are on the whole dis- tinctly encouraging. They do not establish tho certainty of Dr. Koch having found an unfailing germicide for the baoillus of consumption, though they point hopefully in/ that direction. The results obtained aro distinctly in advanco of anything over before dono for the cure of consumption, and warrant ub iu believing that tuborculosis as well as some other most malignant maladies, will soonor or later be brought within the range of a principle of curative treatment which may make thom disappear from the oarth. The shearing difficulty in Queensland seems to have passed tho critical stage. Ko doubt there is trouble still to be encountered by the sheop ownora in carrying on their business, and by tho Government in protecting them from molestation ; but as time passes there are indications increasing in numbor that the shearing will bo successfully carried through, and that the arrangements mado for blocking it must fail. It is true that more or loss confident statements appear from time to time on the other side ; but it will bo reraombored that similar motheds wore adopted during the great Btriko last yoar at the timo when the labour movement was on the verjjo of collapse. In that case the representations wore out of accord with known i'acta. The same mistake has been repeated in the present instance It was staled tho other day for the oncouragoment of those who sympathise with the shearers that only 120,000 sheep had been shorn. The authoritative information is that ia five districts 030,000 have beon shorn hy non-union mon since the middle of Fobruary, and that in addition to theso thoy have been shoaring some 10,000 a day for the past three weeks in the Barcaldino district, which would bring tho number up to nearly 000,000. The bhoepowners, more- over, are indisposed to import more shearers, partly with the view of avoiding inconvenient responsibilities in the future, and also, as thora seems to bo reason to presume, because they see their way olear to the completion of tho shearing without looking elsewhere for aid. If the work is steadily progress- ing in this way, the ond of the trouble is likely soon to bo within view, When all the sheep are shorn, the dispute must either terminate or some new battlefield must be found for its continuance and in that caso it will have to bo conducted on a much smaller scale. The Socrotary of the Trades and Labour Council in Sydney received the other day the following telegram from the Acting Secretary of the Australian Labour Federa- tion :-" Cheque recoivod. Letter follow- ing. Mon firm. Continued support neces- sary." A groat deal of significance attaches to these fow words, oapooially when they are read in the light of the in- formation telegraphed from Barcaldine. Wo learn that a largo number of men in the main union camp are so comfortably situated that they regard a too speudy settlement of the strilcQ with con- siderable apprehension. Under ordinary ciroumstances, many of thom would have been wandering about tho country under conditions of hardship and privation. Notv they aro carefully looked after, sheltered, aud well tod, having neither-to work for thoir liviug nor to seek for work, An elderly man in tho union oamp ia reported to have said that " the strike was a regu- lar picnic ; they enjoyed the society of a number of pleasant comrades ; they had plenty of booka apd games, and amusements generally, while there was no lack of rations and tobacco; it was for bettor than ' humping the bluey ' over the plains." It íb not surprising that undor Buoh oircum stancos as those there should be a disposi- tion to " let things go on, and to wait with patience the developments promised by the leaders.'' But a heavy responsibility rests upon the leaders with their promises if, as seems to be the case, the developments most clearly in view are tho completion of the shearing without calling upon the union men, and the discovery that when the picnic breaks up thora will bo no work to be done, and no wages to bo earned. It is easy to tele .graph "Mernfirm." under the conditions that are hero described. But when it is added "Continued support neceBsary" the question suggests itself, will tho firmness continue if tho support should fail? Another quostion is whether a sufficient stream of support will continuo to flow in. Wo published an estimate tho -other day showing that with ' the scale of rations supplied at the time a sum of £1400 would be íe I ejuired each week; for food alone*, and that probably the total Ixpenditure would be £1000 per week. Hoir long will suma like these be raised by\Voluntary contributions, or by union leties in the othor colonios ? Men will »metimos sacrifico much, when they thirk that a principle is at stake ; but it is hnrlly to be assumed that men who .ara workhg hard for their own support, and that \fi their families, will go on contributing week after week for the maintenance of a huge picnic in a foreign county-to use the term by which, at à late labour meeting, another colony \ was" described. In Sydney, duringi 1 last year's strike, large sums were spent in supporting a refuge for' unemployed labour, but after a while tho investment was found unprofitable and the experi- ment wa« discontinued. It will not bi a remarkable thing if the now light throyn upon the labour campa in, Queensland should lead to a > similar discovery, and t> a stoppage of supplies. ; The establishment of the camps his been one of the' distinctive features of tha labour movement in Queensland. In tha first place, it provided the means for sup porting laigs bodies of mon in the cheapest possible manner. Besides this it tended to serve the general purpose of intimidation. The campB, containing numbers of armed men, their patrols, their scouts, their horse- men galloping in troops hither and thither, and their occasional demonstrations in force whore free labourers were present, presented altogether a sort of quasi military speotacle ; and there can- not be a doubt that if the Government had failed to act with promptitude and decision for tho pro- tection of liberty and the preservation of the peace something like a reign of terror would have prevailed. It is difficult not to beliovo that those possibilities woro looked forward to, and calculated upon ; but the probability is that two other contingencies were not foreseen, Ono was, that the Government would meet these demonstrations of force with demonstra- tions of superior force. The other was, that whilst the work of tho shearing was being done by othor men the oamps would degenerate into pionics, and the main reason for main- taining them would with many of the mon be the continued onjoymont of a free-and easy and lazy life. A short time back some evidence was givon that the leaders were beginning to see that tho camping systom was ineffective ; and that, although relatively cheap, it actually involved a heavy aggregate outlay. It was then proposed to Bcattor the men in small parties o vor the country. In this way possibly the w ork of shearing might have been interrupted moro effec- tively, because it might have been more difficult to follow up all theso small parties with detachments of military or police. This chango of tactics, though rumoured, was not carried out Perhaps it was found impossible to do so. Camp life had been demoralising in its influence. With the elderly man's pioturo of its enjoy- ments beforo us, it is easy to understand the repugnaneo excited by the proposal that the men should turn out in small parties and shift for tuetnsolvos. But it is not unreasonable to suppose that amongst the men in camp there are many who, if this disturbance had not occurred, would not have been wandering about over the plains, but would have boen steadily at work, and earning substantial pay. Surely to many of these a prolonged picnic must appear to bo a dull game. Soma of them at least must be growing weary of a life of indo lenco which has so little promise of results. If they have been waiting with patience for developments, their patience must now be subject to a heavy strain, and will break down if the support which is admitted to be necessary bhould fall away. One of the argumenta used by Mr. Melville in his address to a mooting of his constituents ou Monday may be oited as an illustration of the kind of reasoning that is being used to persuade people to think avil of the Federal Consti- tution Bill. " If the Pederation Bill wera accepted there would be four representa- tives from South Australia, and a similar number from Western Australia, where they had largo territories, with a liking for choap labour. Queensland,, with its Northern Territory, showed a desire for black labour, and would vote with Western Australia ; and in that case, would the pay of anyone bo likely to improve ? They now possessed a Constitution under which they could bring pressure to bear on their representativos with regard to .that class of labour, and for that reason he would never bo a. party, either as u citizen or a member, to voto for the present bill." These aro the reported remarks. What are the facts ? Undor the present Constitutions, Queensland, South Australia, and Western Aus- tralia are frea to import as much, coloured labour as thpy like, and wo havo no power to interfere with their uction. We may shut our ports to Chinese, or " Asiatics," or kanakas ; but, they may keep the back doors wide open, and so compel ua iu self- protection to maintain an army on our border or to deal with un- welcome visitors after they havo entered our territory. With federation undor tho draft Constitution Bill immigration would be, under the juiisdiction of the Föderal Parliament This means that beforo tlie intioduotion of coloured labout could be legalised in any part of Australia it would bo necessary to obtain the consent of the Federal Parlia- ment Now, New South Wales, Viotoria, and Tasmania have no territory within the tropics, no excuse for tho employment of coloured labour, no desire for it, but a strong fooling ugainst it, But these colo nioB, committed to the exclusion of coloured labour from their own territory, and consequently interested in its ex- clusion from every other part of Australia, would havo an overwhelming majority in the House of Représentatives and half the votes in the Senate 5 and if the colonios Bupposed to bo anxious to introduce coloured labour wished to givo their desires effect, the provisions of tho draft Constitution would Btibject them to an effectual restraint from which they are now free. We must presume that the bon. member waa unacquainted with the facts, for otherwise he 'would, as an oppo- nent of the bill, have abstained from re- ferring to a matter thi.t tells in support of it. But if the Wallsend miners take their politios upon trust from suoh teaching they are entitled to sympathy. Tho Australian Mutual Provident Society's report for the yoar 1890 will rejoioe tho hearts of the holders of over 100,000 policies throughout Aus- tralasia, for the number has now gone over six figures. The return of our oldest Australian life offioe is gratifying in several rospeots. Whatever institution may havo fallen short of its wonted re- sults in a year characterised by a, serious strike and a considerable measure of depression in some parta of the conti- nent, this society has gone forward, and we axe told that it» naw business ia, with one exception, the largest 4 aocietr has ever enjoyed. But for the ¿earing diffi. culty the assurances would have been larger. However, the figtfes 0f the society are such as place itk the front rank of British lifo'offices. Ilhas to less than £9,865,000 of assets, U it llna assuranoes with bonus addition atrount ing to over forty and a-haï rallions sterling. As has frequently bin ptinted out, however, large figures ddnot leces sarily mean soundness or larta profits. But other features of the repot diicloso evidence on these points of a ve* satsfac tory character. For we are toi thit the assets exceed tho liabilities bj no Iobs than £678,898. Following ti plicy usually observed, it has. been" deiraed prudent to hold over al petion of this i sum as a resere; and for this purpose £211,362 has beet de- ducted, being about £12,000 in Ucea of the amount hold last j ear. ifter this largo provision for evoatualities/fthe ura of £4.7,035 is to be distributed aibonses among tue policyholders. And tie pint of special interest with them will b to learn tliat the distribution will he lauer than on uny previous occasion, beiW 51 per cent, on tho premiums recetad the amount lust year - to tat timo the largest division - havag been 40-5 per cent. These restlta uavo been' mainly duo to a reduction in _e late of expenses of management, whîh Y-s 14-20 per cent, on the premim' receipts, against, 14-29 per cent, in the pj-' Vida year. Although the society,, n cotanon with all other institutions, mut finest difficult to maintain tho high interat, rates hitherto ruling in the colony, te aveugo roto last year was £5 19s 3d pr centras compared with £0 1b in 1880 ad £0 Osld in 1888. Possibly the return if dearet money again this year m.y raise Hie rato once again, though oller conditbns point to the decline of ratea a the future. Still, the margiu over 4pir cent, is a very Jarge one, and gives god pro3peib of favourable results for yeari & come. Looking at all the aspects of lie report, \t oannot1 but be said1 that tie general Jesuit is one which! will give :eiy goneral ' satisfaction to its nutria oua membeiij , It is Snly a few weeks ago that the Church ^f England was congratultdng itself upoi the olevation of Dr. Mage): the famous B\sbop of Peterborough, to the Archbishopric of York,!and now it hs to mourn his\ death. This' will be re- gretted, iuasmuch as it prevented'him from utilising tho largo opportudties of usefulness offered by the high poition to which ho vas recently raised, and still more bocause; his death leaves a ved in the Church oi England which it wil for the tim« be impossible to fill. low-, over opinion may on various pints differ about Archbishop Magee, the case roaiains that if a huxlred average Unglishtnen had been askd lo mention the ablest man and the strogest personality in the Church, probably nnety of them woild have mentioned Arch-shop Magee. And the qualities which thu dis- tinguished h\m to the eyes of his coctry-1 men from the less denned and! less known flgurotof other prelates, wen of a kind which Englishmen aro always eady to recognise, tnd aro perhaps Bspoially glad to rocognbo in a groat Churcman, They wore lho qualities of prac-i ticttl good sokse, broad stateman ship in secular\inatters, and abo8 all, frank, uncompromising courage. Hi well known mat', that lo woiild " prefer» see England free to \England sober,' will readily occur'to tto mind of the:eader lrom the shock \ it gave to sooial and religious timilities, and frca the perfect soundness \ of its recqnition that no virtue (an bo trusld or valued which is not rootod in iberty. This quality of courale and outspoenness had much to do withArohbishop Iaobe's influence and power; and was itrongly 3econded by his great ¿bility as a Teacher. He was at least as successful aitho late Bishop Wiebereoece \ in the twofold sphere of action as a dhino and 3 a man of tho world, while his straiglforward frankness left a better inpressionhan the adroit opportunism of the earlioprelate. He will be missed from the Churclimissod from the Legislature, and missed x>m the roll of the eminont men of Englan' Yestekd t y afternoon a large and brillia garden party wa» givoa hy the Counters of J ere'in tho Government Houso grounds. Ovor ISO invita- tions %vero issued, and ia ' the coursa of io after- noon nearly tho whole of thu guests must ive been present. Tho guests woro receivod by 1 Escol lcncy and Lady Jorsoy, who wera attondeoy their As.!)..., Captain Leigh, Lord Ancramj- aptaia Cholmondeley, and by Mr. Gosoben. Ladyirgaret, Lady Mary, Lady Boatnco, and the Hon-Arthur Villiers wera also in attendance. Amif tho guests wore Sir Alfred Stophen and Miss Siphon, Sir Frederick Darloy and Lady Darloy, polirai Lord Charles Scott and Lady Charles Be, tho Attorney-General, tho Spoakor (Mr. Abbott Mr. M'Millaa, Mr. D. O'Connor, Air. G, It, Dib, Car- dinal Moran, Captain Mooro, H.N., and ti lion. Evelyn Mooro, mont of the officer- o£ the en-of ?war in port, Colonel Spalding, and nearlyll tho leading officers from lho barracks. Musio ?- sup- plied by tho Centennial Band. The Governor yostcrday roturnod tho vit paid at Govemmont Hou«o tho provious day by drairal Lord Charles Scott. This ufcorooon Ld and Lady Joreoy will attend tbo bonoQt porformice to bo given to Sigaor and Signora Majoroaii lier Majesty's Theatre. Ilia Excellency the Governor will hold lovoo at Government Houso on Tuesday, 20th ¡notai at 3 p.m., ia honour of tho anniversary of Her Musty'. birthday. Tho regulation- for this funotion « w follows :-Gentlemen who have received cas of entrêo will pass into tho prinoipal drawinpoom not later than -.30 p m., anû tho pubho bot« to bo presented to his E-ccollcnoy aro request lo moot in tho ball a', the saino hour. Olher ptlo men attending tbo loveo will be recoiled I hu Excolloney at .'5 o'clock, aod aro roi_o_ted tffosa through tho hall into the ballroom as direot by the aidoS'de-camp in waiting. All officers i lho army, navy, and volunteers, and the oonsu'are to bo dressed in full dress uniform, othor gontnea iu ovoning costume or umlorm. Each gontaan is to bo provided with two cards with his arno logibly written thereon, to bo given to the ai-de oamp, wno will^announco his narao t tho Govornor. The Governor has recoivod tho following »Wo- gram from Lord Knutsford, Soorotary of Slo for tho Colonies.-" I congratúlalo your Govomont on roduction of cabio tates, commencing -day. This moSBure will greatly assist communition between Imperial and Colonial Governments and I trust its commercial advantages will not i less important, and that the entorpri60 of the Cordal Governments and tho company will be rowartd by laigoly incroased uso of tho oablo." In forworn? this mosoago to Mr. O'Connor, Lord Jeraoy htod in regard thereto.-"Itshons that tlio worlivor which yoa presided is fully appreciated ; al it also gwea me tho opportunity of co_gr_tulatinyou on its most useful results." His Excellency tho Earl of Jorsoy president 4 mooting of the Exeontivo Connell yostordr, a. whioh all the members were present. A colidep ablo amount of routine business was tiansaote. anc publio holidays to bo observed in various pas »! tho colony woro proolaimed. At a mooting of tho Exooutivo Counoil .?sstey day, his Excellonoy tho Governor submitte ti report of his Honor Mr. Justioo Stephen a th capital oonviotion of Lara Peter Hansen at tb la Bitting of tho Dubbo Cirouit Court for tho nardi of Charles Danker near Peak Hill. Mr. J-tii Stephen was present at the meeting. After mihi deliberation, tho Council advised that the oçiti Cc_i.~» is «¡-lied into effect, In ««.rd*ao»wi4 His decision tho execution will take place on Jane 2» i . ' A jieeoto of the Cabinet will be held at half »ast 2 o'clock this afternoon. B? yesterday morning's Northern mail train Mr. W M'Millan, tho Colonial Treasurer, returned to Br'dnoy after a week's visit to Brisbane, where ho his been onpagod in private business. Mr. M'Millan yeslerday attended his offico for several boars, and he will be thero to-day. Toe Jliniator for Lands was interviewed yeetor _sy by a deputation o£ Plattsburg resident», who ' were accimpaniod by Messrs. Melville, Oreor, ?Walker, Curley, and Grahame, Ms.L.A., who asked that a larger public park be provided for tho Plato burg people. An area of 13 acres near Wallsend would, the deputation said, be most suitable. Mr. Brnnkor said he fully recognisod that tho district named was becoming moro thickly populated, nnd th>t tho'rosidents wcro in tho mattor o£ a public nark entitled to consideration. If tho deputation would ascertain the price of the suggestsd site and communicato with him ho would give the request his consideration. Additional ovidenco was laken by the City Itailway Commission yesterday upon tho need of a railway tnrough tho western suburbs. Tho wit- nesses called were the Mavora of Leichhardt, Five Dook, and Drummoyno, and ihoir tostimony favoured the construction of the Uno with tho view te open up tho unoccupied lands of tho suburban municipalilies. On Friday the Commission will meet, and tho Mayors o£ Balmain and tho Glebe, and tho City Snrvoyor (Mr. R, W. Richards), will be asked to give ovidonco. A detotation representing tho oemmittee chosen lo make arrangements for colobrating tho turning «f the first sod o£ tho North Shoro railway exten- sion waited upon his ExcoUency at Government House yestorday, and invited him to take part in the proceedings. Lord Jersey consented to do so, »ed expressed his willingness to visit North Sydney for tho purposo on Wodneaday next Tho deputation aftorwards took steps to havo the day proolaimed a public haliday throughout tho dis- trict Ïo-DAT, at 11.30 a.r_., a deputation from tho Dundas Municipal Council will wait on tho Minister for Lands with rogard to a special lease for Pennant Hills quarry. A deputation of Plattsburg and Wallsend resi- dents waB introduced to the Premier yostorday aitornoon by Messrs. Croor, Walker, Curley, and Grahame, ¿S.L.A., the request being that a spécial grant be. made for the erection of a cottage hospital at Wallsond. Af tor hearing the :oquest advocated, Sir Honry Parkos promised to submit it to his colleagues in Cabinet, and to rocommend that the application bo favourably considered. Thb Parliamentary Standing Committee on Publio Works yesterday further considered the pro- posed construction of a cabio tramway from lüng etreet, via Williaiu-streot, to Ocean-street The witnesses examined wore Mr. W, Thow, Ohiof Mechanical Engineer, Department of Rail- ways, and Mr. G. Downo, Locomotivo Superintendent of Tramways. The former who recently roturned from America, where ho made a careful etudy of the various tramway systems, was in favour of the construction of an eleotrio tramway, providing that, tho system was capable of carrying heavy loads up stoep grad s at a speed o£ six or seven milos por hour. In America electric tramways necendod vory stoep grade», but tho cara wero small, and tho weight, therefore, light lu San Francisco, which was notorious for tho number of steep grades, tho cabio system was almost solely adopted, Mr. Downe favourod the cable system for tho proposed route, lio had closely watched the working of tho trial oloctric can on tho Rand .¡ok-Wavorloy line, and was of opinion that the »hoirie system of tramways was not sufficiently .«»eloped to permit of its beiug adopted in this colony. TnE Labour Commission mot yestorday aftor noon in its officos, Bridge-stroot Dr. Garran, M.L.O., was ia tho ohair. Letters woro road from Messrs, Alex. Hutchison (Glen Innos), M.LA, and Jas, Thomson, secretary to tho Amalgamated Miners' Association o£ Australasia, tho former in- timating his willingness to give ovidonco beforo tho Comuùstioa, and tho latter excusing himielf from attonding on tho plea that it would interfere with his duties to loavo Newcastle at present With regard to Mr. Thomson's communication, it was decided to exercise tho power entrusted to the Com- mission, and compel his attendance. The lion. E, Barton, Q.C., JI.L.C, was examined, particularly with référença lo the miners' disputo in Nowcastlo some time o_i. whon ho acted na referee botween (he masters and the mon. Mr. W, G. Uigge, a "Socialist, was examined, but, judging him by his replies, ho did not appear lo have considered the question of Boards of Concilia- tion and Arbitration. Ho wai o£ opinion that the only cure for tho labour difficulty was tho universal adoption of State Socialism or State co- operation, liie ideas upon this subject woro suoh that frequently, when closely questioned, he waa com- pelled to assort that ho had not gono into the details o£ tho scheme. Tee Pull Court got through a largo amount of business yesterday mid all but cloarod off the day's list In ox parto Robert Aloxander Black, appli- cant moved for a rulo nisi for a writ of prohibition te restrain the Picton Land Board from further proceeding upon an inquiry in reference to the bona MoB, &e;>, of certain free selections which he had fnrchsBod from the original selector. It appeared that au inquiry by the board was held under tho 20th section of tho Act of 1884, and a favourablo report was forwarded lo the Minister. Tho matter was, howovor, referred back, and aftor additional ovidonco had leen token au adver-o decision was como to ; and tho applicant now contends, on tho authority of a decision of tho Full Court in tho cato of Simon Robinson, that as thero was no appeal from tho original report in ado undor section 20 of tho Act, the decision was final. Tno rulo was granted, returnable in a fortnight Mil Justice Windeyeu eat yestorday for an hour in the Divorco Jurisdiction, and settled tho issues and fixed tbo dat-s of hearing in a number »£ suits. In Fowlor v. Fowlor a rule nisi for a Wlit of attachment was made absoluto owing to respondent's non-compliance with an ordor o£ Court for tho payment of porinationt alimony. In Poler v. Peter the decree nisi of tho loth August for dis- solution of marriago between the parties was mado absoluto and tho marriago declared dissolved. Amono other matters several appeals under the Municipalities Act weio brought undor tile atten- tion of the Full Court yesterday. Josoph Hewitt applied for a rule nisi for a writ of quo wairanto calliigupon JoEoph Sprowlo, alderman of Hur*t tille, to show oauso why ho should not be ouslod from office on the ground that a numbor of persons who tondurod their votes at the polling-booth, Sydney, during tbo polling on the 7th February, Were precluded from voting owing to the ecaroity of ballot-papers. Tho rulo was granted, returnable in a fortnight. W. C. Forster also applied that a rulo nisi might be made absolute to oust James Coward, alderman of North Botany, from office, on tho ground of certain irregularities which woro permittod during tho polling. As the respondent had resigned as Boon as the rule nisi was served upon him the rule «as mado absolute, without costs. " A similar ordor was made in tho application of Aloxondor M'Millan against Alaorman Joseph S. Donohuo, of Bourke, und for the sarao reason. Two othor matters of a kindrod nature, uamoly, re Heury. Flolchcr, and ro Thomas William Norinder, woro struck out for want of appearance, and it wa? stated that tho respondent aldermen in those cases had also bowod to the mlo nisi and retired. Tho Court dealt with several formal applications under tho Roal Property Act. Tk a Government Gazette issued yesterday tho following notices to marinera aro publishod : One frcm the Government of Queensland, to tho effect that during the recent heavy wontner tho buoja at Wido Bay bar wore dri.:n from their moorings, and that they will bo roplaced as soon aa praeticible. One from the Government of South Australia, to the effect that oa and aftor May 1, 1891, the white light at present exhibited from Moonta Jetty in Spencer Gulf will bo discontinued, and a rod light substituted. With reference to the Bmoky Capo Lighthouse, it is stated tnat on-and after the night of Wednesday, the 15th instant, a first ord=r Iriplo-flaBliing d.optrio while light will bo shown from the tower which hoi been eroded on Smoky Cape, at an elevation of 420ft., in lat 30'56 & and long. 1S3-6 E. This light will exhibit the following characteristics every half-minute, viz.: Plash 2 seconds, eclipio 2 eeoonds, flash 2 seconds, eclipse 2 i. conds, flash 2 socondB, eclipse 20 eoconds, and will bo visible all round from seaward about 80 tailea in ordinary weather. A Government1 Goietie has boon issued alter- ing the dates fixed for holding Courts of Quarter fceiiionB at Maitland and Singleton. At Maitland the dates are Mondays, Juno 15, Soptombor 11, and Decomkor Id ¡ and at Singleton on Mondays, June 22, nnd September 21. At a meeting of tho Borough Council o£ North bydney last night, the chiof item on tho business OTer mu the municipal gas question. Some of ltoaUer_wa.w_ro disposed to give the local cora pany further opportunity to dispose of its works to tho council, but'oa thVmattefEoingTto",_*_ivi-i-ä" tho following motions were carried :-" Tbat in ordor to give.oû'cct to the recommendations of the Special Committee ia reference lo the establishment of municipal gasworks, as adopted by this council on Thursday, 20th February last, it is hereby resolved that application be made to his Excollonoy tho Govornor, in aocordanco with the provisions of the Municipalités Act of 1867, and the Muniei pahtica Gas Act of 1881, for pormia sion to bor.-ow the sum of ¿05,000 for tho establishment of municipal easworks. Thal upon receipt o£ such permission, tho Mayor bo authorised lo immediately borrow enoh sum of £05,000 by dohontuteB of £100 each, bearing interest at tho rato of £1 per centum por annum, payable half- yearly and having a eurronoy of 30 years ; principal and interest to bo payoblo at lho Dank of Now South Walo, North Sydnoy, or such other han!; as tbo cinncil may hc-reattor appoint, upon the security of such gasworks, and all or any gonor-1 and special ratos or rate which the council is authorised to levy, and upon tho security of any lands po=B03Bed by the council, in accordance with the provisions of tiio Municipalities Act of 1867, tho Municipal Gas Act of 1884, and the Municipal Gas Act Amendaient Act of 1880. That the Mayor ho authorised to invite applications from oompetent persons for tho position of gas engineer and manager lo tho borough at a salary of £450 per annum," Vf s aro retuieslod to draw attention lo an adver- tisement staling that tbo annual gonornl mooting of the Eoyal Society ia to bo held tD-night. Ai a meeting of the Australian Economie Asso- ciation, held in the Equitable- buildings, Pitt and Park streets, last night, under the presidency of Professor Scott, M.A., Mr. Do Lissa read a paper entitled " Tho Labour Problem." In tho paper Mr. Do Lissa Buggestod a system for overcoming' disputes between capital and labour. A discussion took place on a paper road at a previous meeting of the nefoeiation by Mr. W. H. Chord on " Labour and Capital." Pnopj-isor. M-cCA-Lust gavo tho third of his ooaree of lectures on "Shakespeare's Plays on English History " iu tho Burwood Soheol of Arts last night, in connection with tho University extension echemo, Mr. James Inglis, M.L.A., prosidod. We havo receivod in pamphlet form a printed copy of " A Spoooh on tho Pedoratioa of the Aus- tralian Colonies," delivered in the Legislativo Council by the Hon. John Lucas in September lnet. Tho pamphlet does not appear to bear aa imprint The Bubjeot matter is the samo ns that of whioh a précis was given in these columns at tho timo of its dolivory. A jisBTiNO of what ia known as the Metropolitan Men of Mark TSfence League Association was last evening ho1 '? -a Rainford's Cambridge dub Hotel. The hon. secretary (Mr. J. H. Rainford) submitted a satisfactory report The solicitor (Mr. Walter Parish) stated that already ho had conduoted 20 cases, and had been successful in overy instance ia obtaining a favouiablo verdict Tho executive committee submitted a report as to what had been done. Tub last thrcoj nights are announcod at the Thoatro Royal of tho Adelphi drama, " Lon- don flay by Day," now in tho third woek of its run hore. This play, which is thoroughly woll ootod and stngod under Mr. Bland Holt's direc- tion, will bo succeeded on Saturday by " The Bells o£ llaelomero," another Adelphi play, by Moasrs. Sydney Grundy and Henry Tottitt, whioh has a good London record. This piena has already enjoyed a long run at tho Melbourne Thoatro Royal, but tho production of Saturday will be the firat representation under Mr. Holt's management Spooial scenery is being painted for the drama by Mr. George Gordon. " Tee Coraioan Brothors. ' at Her Majesty's Theatre, is now in excellent working order. Tho various ghost effects aro impressive, and Mr. George Rignold's impersonation of the dual rôlo of Louis and Fabien 'dei Franchi is vory telling. Mr, Rignold is well supported, so that a praiseworthy interpreta- tion, of this romantic drama is given. " The Corsican Brothers," howevor, cannot bo played after Friday fortnight, aa Mosars, M'Mahon havo arranged with Air. Rignold for tSo production on Saturday, tho 23rd inatnnt of " The Country Fair,'' an American play to which refer onco has already been mado iu those columns. This piece has just concluded a fourth and long season amounting in all lo many mouths-in Now York. It has also boíu suicesafully brought out in Paris. It contains a lucchauical scene of great ingonuity and attractiveness. The material for this scene has beon specially manulaetured in Now York for Messrs. M'Mahon, who havo also ongagod sovoral American artists for tho production. Mombors of Mr. Rignold's company will also bs in tho cast " IsrrnouENCE" has boon largely attonded at tho Criterion Thoatro during the last two nights, and this amusing piece has been heartily applauded on each occasion. Messrs. Brough and Bouoioiult, in viow of tho litflo timo at their disposal before the tboatro is closed for extensivo alterations, have arranged to make rapid changes of bill Mr" A. W. Pinero's c'ovor play will accordingly give way, on Saturday next to a revival of Mr, Sidney Grundy's comedy, " Tho Silver Shiold," whioh, in turn, will bo with- drawn on Saturday, tho 10th, in favour of " Turned Up," and " Good for Nothing." This 'doublo bill will be succeeded on Saturday, the 23rd, by tho initial representation in Australia of " Jane," tho latest of successful farcical plays from London. Mm John F. Suebidan will conclude his long and prosporou. visit to the Garrick Theatre on Friday ovening, when ho will bo seen for the last time in his inimitable rendering of tho Widow O' Brien in " Fan on tho Bristol." This pioco is brightly mounted at tho Garrick and embollished with several new songs and dances. On Saturday next, Miss Janet Achurch and Mr. Charles Ohar rington will re-appoar in Sydney in " Masks and Faces," in which they will play, for tho first timo hore, Pog Woffington and Triplet roBpootivoly. This charming comedy-drama, by Oharlos Reado and Tom Taylor, first saw tho light in 1852 at tho old Haymorkot Thoatro, Loudon, with Bonjamin Wobster as Triplet and Mrs, Stirling as Peg Wof- fington. It has been the subject of two successful rovivals by Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft Thov appeared in it at the Princo o£ Wales's Theatre in 1875, with Ellen Terry aa Mabel Vane. When they revived it at the Haymarket, in 1881, Miss Marion Terry played this character. Tue Majcroni benefit, which is to tako plaoo this afternoon at Hor Majesty's Theatre, in tbo proionce of his ExcoUency the Governor and Lady Jersoy, is certain to result ia a large sum of monoy. Tho treasurer ot the fund hal already rocoived tho sum o£ £380, and it is confidently expected thnt over £500 will bo rocoived in aid of this deserving causo. A large and attractive programme has been proparod for this aftornoon's entertainment TnE Sohool of Arts Debating Club debatod the following quostion on Monday ovoniog hat, tho pre- sident (Mr, Hondry) being in the chair i-" That the acuerne of federation as framod by the Convention should not be accepted by tho Australian colonies." Aftor au animated discussion tbo dobate was ad- journed. The special session of the Diocesan Synod was continued in committoe o£ the whole yeitorday, and the remaining clauses of the Sydnoy Church ordi- nance woro dealt with. Tho measure was rcportoil with amendments, and the third reading made an ordor tor to-day. Yestebday aftornooa a bazaar ia aid o£ the funds of St Michaol's Church, Surry Hills, was opened in tho schoolroom connected with the Church. Mis3 Snowdon Smith, sister of the Primate, porfermel tho opening ceremony before a largo number of visitors. She was introduced by tho incumbent, the Rev. Mr, Madgwick, and after doolaring tho bazaar oDOn was presented by Miss Williams with a beau- tiful basket of flowors. Tho Primate arrivod soon aftorwardB, and delivered a short address, which ho concludod by wishing tho promoters of the affair success in their undertaking, Tho following ladies wero in chargo o£ tho several stalls :-No. 1, fancy: Mosdamoa Williams, Moore, Ironsides, Rutledge, and Miss South. No, 2, fanoys Mesdames Booth and Madgwiok and Misses Aider dice. Refreshment stall : Mrs. Portas. Flower stall : Misses Freeman and Madgwick. Toy «tall : Miseos Phillips. In addition to the abovo thero woro tho usual Bido shows, consisting of (hooting gallery, art gallery, etc During tho' evening an onjoyable oinoort was given, undor tho direction of tbo organist Mr. It Randolph Arndell, who wBB assiatod by ladies ond gontlomon of tho congregation and visitors. The bazaar will bo opon each day during tho week, and on Thursday night a porformanco will be given by a squad, from Mr. Ronshaw's Y, M. 0. A gymnaslio class. A t.eotohe entitled " Some Old Folks at Home, Skolohes of Cornish Roligious Choraotcr," was last night delivered by tho Rev, Mark Guy Toarse, in tho Centenary Hall. Mr. J. Hardy presided, and thero was a crowded audionce. The proceeds aro to bo dovoted to the London East End Miesion, and to furthering the Gospel in tbo sparsely-popu- lated districts of this colony. A" rwvEESAzioNE wa» held ia tbo Presbyterian, Ohurch, Ultimo, lost night, when a numhor of rea-int;- and" -ooitätiöns" wore given by the Bov. W. M. Dill Macky. Besides theso songs wera rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Smith and Mr, Clark. 1 The Eev. B. S. Paterson presided. Last night a moating of wolooma to tho Bov. J. Milne, who was last weolt inducted into the charge of Obaliuer'o Church, Redfern, was hold in tho church. Tho building was crowded, among those prosont bcin<r the Bova. A. Osborne, M.A. (chair- man), T. E. Cionston, A. Miller, J. Walker, Princi- pal Kinross, B. Collio, Moderator of tho Goneral Assembly, A A. Aspinail, B.A., Modorator of the Sydney Proshytery, J. Cosh, M.A., F. B. Boyeo (Ohurch of England), and J. Hill ILA. (Congregationalist). After tho opening ad- dress from the chairman, addresses of welcome were received from Mr. D, M'Rao on behalf of tho sosnion ohnreh, from Bov. Dr. Kinross on behalf of the congiogalion, and from Mr. P. Woodhill aad Miss B. Greig on behalf of the Sabbath-school. Mr. Milno, in reply, thanked thom for the hearty vrol come extended to him, and said ho hoped that his work among them wonld ho successful, and be a blcesing to both pastor and people. AddrossoB wore also dolivered by tho Bevs. B. Collie, P.LS., A. A Aspinail, J. Walkor, P. B. Boyce, and J. Hill. Mr. A. W. M'Eao, on behalf of the congregation, presented the Bov. 0. Osborne, who haB hoon the interim moderator of the session, with .rcollently-bonnd copies of " Sholley's Poems" and Dante's " In romo." Mr. Osborne suitably ropliod. Apologies for non-attondanco woro receivod from tho Bevs. Binns, Cafton, J. M. Bob?, and G. M'Innes. Some time ago tbo monaoriol stone of a now laundry in conoectien with tho Home of Hope, Stanley-etreet, Newtown, was laid. Toitorday aflornoon the laundry was opened by Mrs. F. L. Barker, ia tho pretence of a numhor of ladies and gentlemen, Mrs. Barker was presented with the key of tito door, with which tho latter was un- locked, and tho building declared open. The interior of tho laundry was then in-pcoto-. There are tvrs largo and woll ventilated rooms on tbo ground iloor used for washing and i_o«ing. In the washing room thora is a very large boiler, under which three fires can bo lighted. Tho tubs aro wooden and "eot in," with a wator tap ovor each. Tbero are 13 email tubs and two largo ones, tho latter being in the centre of the room. Tho ironing room contains a stovo for hoot- ing the irons, while upstairs, running tbo wholo length of tho building, is the dryiog room, There is aUo a hoist from tho washing room to tho dry- ing roora, for tho pnrposo of sending the clotho. up. After tbo inspection an adjournment was mado to the " Homo," where light rofroshmonts woro served. A xira-ER of ladies and gontlomon interested in tho doings of the Sydney Bescuo Work Society mot last evening in tho hall of the Young Men's Chris- tian Association. Tho occasion was the first annual mooting in connection with tho society. The Minister for Jnstieo (the Hon. A J. Gould) pre- sided, and gave a short address. The following is como of tho work shown to have boen carried out by tho organisation during the year :-At tho Home of Hope 10,598 beds woro provided, S.,136 meals wero supplied, and 67 situations wera secured, while the admissions wore 161. At the Open AU Night Befugo, 12,552 beds wero provided, 19,350 meals woro supplied, 137 situations woro obtained, and 600 days' work woro socurod. At tho Homo of Wolcomo 3731 beda woro provided, 13,460 meala were supplied, and employment socurod fcr 171 individuals. YEsiBnn.V- the sovonth and final sitting in con- nection with tho biennial mooting of delegates from the various branches and districts of the Graad United Ordor of Oddfellows took place ia the Odd followB' Hall. Castloreagh- streot. Bro. Gerald Fitzpatrick, G.M., presided. The election of officers for tho onsning two years took place, and the successful candidates wera installed. Yotes of thanks to the retiring official- woro accorded and acknowlodgod. The secretary of the North Shoro Steam Forry Company has sont us tho following correspondence in referonco to the chango of 'bus torounus from Cir- cular Quay to Macquario-plaoo :-" To Kegishar Metropolitan Transit Commissioners, Sydney. Doar Sir,-My direotor- learn with regret that tho Transit Commissioners purposo removing tho terminus of tho eastern suburbs 'busos from the Circular Quay to Mac quario-tilace. The former terminus is muoh moro convenient for tho public titan the latter, and I am requested to ask tbo commissioners to rooon-ider their decision with a view to the terminus being retained at Circular Quay. I am, &&, J. J, Wes- ton, soerotary North Shoro Steam Ferry Company. April 21, 1891." "To Secretary North Shoro Stoam Forry Company. Dear Sir,-I bog leavo to inform yon, with roforonoo to your letter of 21»t instant, that the oomminsioners havo dooided not to alter the 'bua etind from Maoqnarie-plaoo to Lof tuB streot. I am, &&, Alfheo Ei>w\nn, Registrar and Chief Insp-otor. April 23, 1891." The man named Patrick Hall who, on the 30th ultimo, waa found in tho Domain supposed to havo fallon ia a fit, and who waa taken to the Sydney Hospital by Constable Brennan, died in that institu- tion yostorday from fracture of the skull. Ho was a married man, 40 years of ago, by occupation a labourer, and resided at 28 Charles-street, Woolloomooloo. A distobbahce, which may lead to-something serious, occurred in a dancing-room in George street la.t night It appears that a man weat into tho dancing-room, aad was observed danoing in an unbecoming manner. Tho offender waa asked to retiro, and on refusing was, it is alleged, pushed downstairs. On landing at tho bottom tho maa who, though dazed, 6eomod resoluto in his intonlion of enjoying himco.'f in tho dancing-room, commenced ascending again, but ho had scarcely got ovor six stops when he oat down and became unconscious. Tho polico wore sent for and tho injured man was taken to the Sydney Hospital, whero, on admission, ho waa found to havo receivod concussion of tho brain. Tho proprietor of tho room was arrested on a charge of having inflicted griovons bodily harm on the man. At about 11 o'clock yootorday morning a horse attached to cab Na 381 boltod up Hunter-street from tho direction of Pitt-streot, and, despito the stronuous efforts of the driver to control him, ran into a sulky. Tho collusion was n violent one. Tho eabhor.a,in his fall sustained .evero injuries, and it was found necessary to destroy it, A iu» namod Honry O'Brien mot with a serious accidont yostorday. Ho waa returning in a buggy from the pony raceB at Botany when his vohic'.o was run into and capsized. O' Brien, who recoivod a shock to tho systom and injurias to tho face and head, was admitted to tho Prince Alfred Hospital. A utti.tj girl namod Ada M'Goe, 0 years of ago, and reaiding with her parents at 01 Darling-street, Darlinghurst, was aoverely burnod about tho body yostorday morning. The child waa hoard scream- ing by a neighbour, Mr. Henry Adams, mossouger at the Patents Office, who saw tho child rush out from tho houso enveloped iu flames, He immediately wont to hor assistance, and euccoeded in extinguishing tho flames. He then took tho child to SL Vincent's Hospital, where she was ad- mitted by Dr. J. P. Kelly, sufferiog from Bupor ficial burns. It ia supposed that ia tho absonce of her motbor she waa playing with tho fire, and whilo doing so her dress ignited. A patient of tho Cork Asylum died rocently (says the ¿nitsft Medical Journal) undor peculiar cir- cumstances, which aro worthy of boing roforred to,. One of the inmates, a man aged 29, in good health, re (used ono morning to oat his breakfast, and having boon brought into hospital, it was noticod that, whoa drinking, tho throat appeared to bo obstructed. A probang boing used, some piceos of wood woro removed, but below this point a hard subitáneo was de- tected, which i it was found impossible to »move with a throat forceps. An cporation having beon considered necotsary, Mr. Horace Townsend performed cosophagotomy, and took away a stone weighing 630 grain-, Tho man was doing well, bat an attack of aoute maniacal excitement set in, and he died about a wook aftor tho operation from exhaustion. On performing a post-mortem examination, eight Btones wero romoved from tho intestinos. One waa about an inch and a quarter ia length and about half an inch thick ; two others were rectangular in shape, and almost ae big; and the rest-with the oxcoption of two, which wero about tho size of poas-woro as largo as big marbloe. Tur. walbing crazo between Bussia and Franco Booms to ho as virulent aa ever. Wo leam from tho Paris correspondent of tho London Daily Telegraph that a man who-if he succeeds in his ontorpriso is destined to colipse the feats performed by M. Winter, who walked from tho borders o£ Bussia to Paris, and by Sylvain Dornon, who íb g»ing gaily oa stills to Moscow, is Lieutenant Baohmoutoff, of the fifth battalion of Siberian Infantry. This pedestrian ia doing a walking tour from Vladivostok, on the shores of the distant sea of Japan, to ill o city on the banks of tbo Soino. M. Bachmoutotl has arrived at Tomsk, and' starts thonce to St Petersburg. In four months he hu walked 726 milos, battling with tremen- dous snowstorms, and buffoted by icy winds. Ho has lost tit. use of the fingers of the left h»nd, is thoy havo boon frOBtbitton, but he is rbpprte'd to bs in robust health, and confident of hi» ability to torminato in a successful manner his formidablo and self-imposed ta3k. On his way to Tomsk tho bold podostrian had an ugly adventure with wolves, and ho is reported to havo slain livo o£ those animals, as well as two bears. Such incidents no doubt will obtain an enthusiastic reception for tho tourist in Paris. In tho moantimo his fellow-countryman, who arrived here by troika tho othor day, is enjoy- ing a woll-dosorved repos? : but peeplo aro rather oblivions of his individuality, as thor« has boon a littlo too much abnormal journeyins between Francs and Russia of late. An important discussion on Iho meaning of tho inspiration of tho Bible was held by a mooting of WeBleyan ministers in tho Wosleyan Chapel in tha City- road recently (tho Spectator says), to^ hoar a paper by Profossor Davisen on. " Inspiration and Biblical Critioism." Profossor Davison's_ paper romarkod on tho viow taken of the Biblo in the artiolo " Bible " in tho last edition' of tho " Enoyolopmdu Britannien," and ia Mr. Gore's artiolo on tho subjoot of " Tho Holy Spirit and Inspiration " ia "Lux Mundi," and on tho general acceptance whioh, these larger views of tho inspiration of the Bible bad oblained. Mr. Davison himiolf took up very similar ground, and oon.rotulated tho Wealoyan Churoh on tho fact that Weskyana had not beon embarrassed by any narrow definition of inspiration as part of tho Wosloyan creed. Mr. Davison himself hold that tho composito character of tho Pentateuch had boen practically established ; that tho latter part o£ Isaiah was not written by tho prophot of the reign of Abaz and Hozokiah ; and that tho dato and author- ship of Daniel aro still open to discussion, though tho attack ou tho Johannino authorship of tho Fourth Gospel had been satisfactorily repelled. Ho hold that their faith in Christ must not bo made dopondent on thoir faith in tho Biblo ; but, on tbo contrary, that thoir faith in the Biblo must be de- pendent on thoir faith in Christ He advocated a " Christo-contric " thoory of tho inspiration of the Bible. There aro now (say tho Melbourne Age) 10 , candidates in the field for the position of chairman of tho Metropolitan Board. The names of the candidatos aro as follows :-Arthur J. Hamand, Castloroagh-street, Sydnoy ; Jamos Gordon Sprigg, Chancory-lano, Melbourne ; E. G. Fitzgibbon, MoU bourne ; A. H, L. Wright, Adelaide-street Brisbane; Alírod B. Cloraos, Stawoll ; W. T. C. Kolly, Chan- cery lano, Molboumo ; Thomas B. Muntz, Collins strcot, Melbourne; T. Cooper, Spring-street, Mel- bourne ; T. RubsoU, Melbourne Club; A E. Mooro, Markot-streot Molbourno; John Rolly, Rivor streot, South Yarra: li. Stapleton Taylor, Yarra- wonga ; R. L, Mnstayor, Ashfiold, Sydney ; Jamen Styles, Strand, Williainntown ; T. F. Bride, St Kilda-road, South Molbourno ; Thomos Parket, Rockhampton, Queensland. The salary attached to tho position is £2000 per annum, and the tenure four years. GoVEENon Tayxoe, of Tennessee, previous to loaviog office, dolivercd tho following farewell address boforo tho Legislature. When called upon to introduce his successor, ho said:-"Mr. President and gentlemen,-Time, in his tireless flightv 'has measured another bienuial cycle, and marked to-day the closo of my administration as Governor of this great State. And I am hero at this hour to surrender the high trust which has twice beon confided to mo by tho voice of a eovereign people The sceptre ia de- parted from my hand. Tho crown of honoar is lifted from my hoad. I havo no atatoly power loft and scarcoly hair enough to harbour hay sood.| Never again will tho suppliant hinges of tho kneo be crooked before mo that pardon may follow pleading. And no more will the nppointmont of ono of my follow-citizons to office bring upon my head tho malediationn of the othor 110. I havo often thought if I had tho power to construct a State, I would make its government in suoh a form aa to make every human being within its limits happy. Its Govornor should give every appli- cant tho office of hie choice. Every supplicant should be permitted to sup ; ovory mother should havo her wayward boy from the prison walls; overy poor misorablo wife should havo her condemned husband otripeleB«, provided ho would agree to bo sober and do right; overy criminal child should go to a reformatory instead of a prison ; every neighbourhood should havo an oxcollont school ; ovory farmi'r should bo a Com- missioner o£ Agriculture ; every aspiring statesman shou d bo a coal oil inspector ; overy military genius should be a gonornl; overy corporation should he excused from back faxes ; evory citizon should havo a balanco in bank, and pumpkins should bo recoivablo as taxes. But, follow-citizons, such a government can never be roalisod. It ia only ideal. Wo cannot all be happy and contentod at onco in this practical world." Lenddîo monoy to minors on the strength of thoir expectations haa led to tho introduction of bills in tho Houso of Commons to render ineffective any guarantco givon for paymont Even the scoundrels who will be affected by it must (remarks n London contemporary) approve Us design in tho abstract, if thoy bo fathers. That such a statute should not havo been possod so soon as tho old prohibitions o£ usury wore rescinded is shooking ; it would be thought wonderful if there wore not an ondloss list of such stupid omissions. Lord Herschell would forbid, practi- cally, tho repayment of any monoy advanced to a pcrBon under ago, unless it woro oxpendod in " nocossarieB," In theory, this has beon tho rule for ages ; but the law is easily ovaded. A method almost universal is to got a declaration from the boy borrower lo tho effect that bo baa comploled his 21st yoar. Not ono in a hundred ho<itatos to Bign that papor, put Doforo thom oheerfully and casually, as a mattoe of form, Thua, thousands of bright youths aro tempted to commit perjury, and thoy loavo tbo damning ovidonco in tho hands of men compared with whom burglars aro honest, and hangmon humane. That practico will bo stopped by a clauso in the now bill which makes it an offence to " indnoo " any person to moko such an affidavit for tho purposes of a loan. A fnrthor olaUBo voids any instrument for tho paymont of money after tho person contracting hoe attainod his majority, thus puttiug a stop to loans advanced on that consideration to minors. Tho bill passod tho second reading. We aro requested to draw attention to as advertise- ment, stating that tho annual general moating of tho Royal Society is to bo held to-night. This evening Mr, Cullon will address his constituents in the Centennial Hall, North Shore; and Mr. Whnolor will nddress his constituents in tho Hurstville Hell. Hurstville. ' A MEBTiNo of porsons Interested la the devo'opniont of Iho wine industry will be held this afternoon in tho Exchange Mu Havnib, M.L.A. for Mudgeo, will this ovening dolivor a lecture in tho Town Hall, Redfern, for the benefit of a distrensed workman and his family. The report for tho woek ended Mny 2 of the number of pauper pationts undor treatment m tho metropolitan huspitala »t the Government expenso is »s follow« :-Coast Hospital : AdmiHiíion-t, 42; dischare¡on,32; deaths, 2 ; numberTomainlng, 183. S.dney Hospital: Admissions, 22; discharges, 8; deaths, 2; number remaining, 60. Moorcliff Ey» Hospital : Admissions, 2 ; dtsetorrgos, 2 ; number remaining, 40. Prince Alfred Hospital : Admissions, 13; discharges, 14; death, 1; number remaining, 6G. Tire Sydnoy Hospital report for tho week ended Muy 2isas follows:-Admitted, 7G; discharged, G2; died, 7; remaining, 247; casualties treated but not admitted, BIM. The Prinro Alfred Hospital report for the week ended Mny 2 is as follows :-Admitted, 41; dis- charged, 16; died, 5; remaining iu hospital on 3rd May, 187 ; number of out-patients treated durinir the woek, 207 ; number of casually casos treated but not admitted, 221 ; total, 618. There aro 15 caso« of typhoid fever in tbo wards. 