ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. HENRY VIII. AND CLEMENT VII. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Sir,-I haye been much interested in reading the correspondence regarding the above celebrities winch Las appeared in your columns of late, and have been not a little amused by some of the writers. Now, it 6eems to me to have begun through that not "too particular narrator" of events, Cardinal Moran, who, if my memory serves me right, and it generally does, accusing Luther and Melanchthon of agreeing to Henry's divorce from his Queen, Catherine of Arragon. Now, I have searched many of the historians in vain for some authenticity for the Cardinal's assertion, and am compelled once more to take what his Eminence must say, as on many previous occasions, cum yrano salis. Now, there is one thing which is much to be deplored : that persons of a certain calibre cannot begin to argue without besmirching their opponents. That shows they are quite aware of the weakness of their arguments, and imagine that by descending to low abuse they get the best of their adversaries j and so they do, as no one who has the smallest scintilla of respect for themselves, will notice such, to put it gently, rude language. With this passing remark I will leave what is anything but a pleasant theme, my sole object being to set right those who in ignorance may eccept the very specious letters emanating from those correspondents who, on account of their profession, have taken sides with the Cardinal, and affect to believe his little jokes all aimed against the heretics. I do not wonder that many of his flock object to history being brought forward in support of argument, as there are so many ugly stories brought face to face then that it is anything but a pleasant pastime for them. Now, the first to suggest to Henry the idea of divoice was Cardinal Wolsey, who, mortified at not having attained the pontifical throne which he had striven for with such ardour, and knowing full well that he owed the disappointment to Charles V, determined to provoke a deadly hatred between Henry and Charles. Certainly hatied of Charles was not his sole motive. Catherine had reproved him for his dissolute morals, and he vowed to be revenged. There can be no doubt respecting Wolsey's ipart in the affair, as later he admitted, eveu boasted of it, to the French Ambassador-" I did it," he said, " to cause a perpetual separation between the houses of Eng- land and Burgundy (see Le Grande's Hist, of the divorce, Preuves, p. 186). The best informed writers of the sixteenth century belonging to the most adverse parties, Pole, Polydere, Virgal, Tyn- dale, Meteren, Sanders, Pallavinci, and Roper, all agree that Wolsey was the instigator of this famous divorce. To all this overwhelming evidence have been opposed (Pamphleteer No. xm. p. 336) a contrary assertion of Wolsey's, but the slightest Knowledge of his history goes to show that veracity was the least of his virtues. Wolsey, not consider- ing himself safe even by his alienating Henry from Charles for greater security to himself, tried to marry Henry to the sister of Francis I. of France. To the honour of Blargaret of Valois she indig- nantly refused to profit by such an immoral pro- cedure. That Wolsey applied to Pope Clement VII to annul the marriage is a matter of history, and there is no doubt the Pope would have granted the divorce at once but for the opposition of Charles V., the offended Emperor, who was Catherine's nephew, and who was not at all disposed to see his aunt displaced from the English throne. Accordingly, when Henry wrote to the Pope stating his scruples at continuing Catherine, bis brother's widow, as his wife, the Pontiff temporised with the question, and Henry was kept in suspense for more than a year. At last Cardinal Campeggio was sent to England. He first tried to dissuade Henry, but all to no avail. He then endeavoured to induce the Queen to enter a nunnery. Catherine was a3 little disposed to renounce her glory as the King was to deny his passion, and she refused. So that pressure was eventually brought to bear to induce Clement to annul the marriage, and on the 8th of June, 1532, at Viterbo, the Pope issued his famous decretal annulling the marriage of Henry and Catherine. This document he confided to Campeggio with express ordars not to part with it. Clement was not sure of events : if Charles lost power the bull was to be published in the face of Christendom ; if he recovered it the bull was to be burned. Later the flames did in effect burn this decree, which MediciB signed while wetting it with his tears. (State papers, vii., p. 78. Dr. Lingard acknowledge the existence of this bull and the order to burn it.) Now it would be interesting to know why Clement refused to assent in the first place to Henry's desire. As I pointed out he was afraid of Catherine's nephew, and recently through the mediation of Clemant peace had been concluded between France and Germany and the Emperor had promised for the good offices of the Pope to extirpate heresy in Imperial dominions. Now, if he agreed to the divorce, here was a complication come to vex the spirit and disturb the purpose of Rome. What should the Pontiff do under the cir- cumstances ? So when he found that Charles re- covered his power he then had the bull destroyed as previously arranged with Cardinal Campeggio, and kept to Catherine, publishing his decretal on the validity of Henry's and Catherine's marriage, with the legitimacy of the Catholic Princess Mary, her daughter. Then the church must set her seal of condemnation upon the King's union with a Frotes tant Queen, whose child the Princess Elizabeth would occupy the Throne as a heretic Queen, if the legitimacy of Mary was doubted. However, so great was Henry's anger at Clement first granting the bull and then destroying it, and that without his being able to place his hands upon it, that he determined with the aid of Parliament to close all the monasteries and nunneries in England to the number of 376, together with the enormous properties which had been heaped therein by ages of superstition, and the revenues hitherto paid into the Royal Coffers at Rome returned to their legitimate use and under the control of the English King. All thiB meant far more than the Pope had bargained for, so in retaliation he put forth his utmost endeavours to bring Henry and his kingdom to shame, and sent over his legate Cardinal de la Pole to England for the express purpose of stirring up diBCord and rebellion. The baseness of the proceeding was in- creased by the fact that the Cardinal was second cousin to the King, and was educated at his expense. However, Henry VIII. was as able in all resppcts as he was unscrupulous in many, and very .ocn made his anger felt. I do not think it is necessary for rae to bring forth more facts to prove that Henry had neither applied to or wanted Luther's or Molanohthon'a approval or disapproval of his conduct. As to Cranmer he waa then a young Cambridge priest, who said his Mnjesty was foolish to depend upon Borne for a satisfactory solution to his difficulty. He eventually made Cranmer, Archbishop of York. That in his younger days he was a hard man, we have abundant evi- dence. But, in Mary's reign, being condemned to death, the Archbishop affixed his signature to a paper, acknowledging the supremacy of the Pope, and this not satisfying the queen, she demanded he should make a public recantation of the errors he had promulgated. However, when he rose to do so he bewailed his weakness and recanted his re- cantation. Hewentto¡thestakeboldly,and when|the the faggots lighted around him trust out the hand with which he had signed the document and held the offending member in the flames until it was consumed. Thus like Kidleyand Latimor, he went through the fiery ordeal of martyrdom, Cranmer eould not believe with Vicar-General Preston, who, when recently speaking of the power of the Pope, said, "Every word Leo speaks from his high chair is the voice of the Holy Ghost, and must be obeyed." Comment on this is needless ; it speaks for itself. Thanking you, sir, for space for this letter, in anticipation, . - SEGNA. January 7th, 1891. 