ROUMANIAN SUPERSTITIONS' The current number of the KonreUe Strne contains an interesting article descriptive of the peculiar beliefs and practices of the Roumanian peasantry on the subject of the supernatural. At this time of day, as the writer regretfully remarks, it is useless to look for the superstitions any more than for any other form of the picturesque in lbs streets of Bucharest. The Roumanian citaiin, is just like his fellow cockney all the world over; he wears the orthodox costume of Western Europe; and, that bang so, it is idle to expect to discover more than the ; smallest remnants of his ancestral ideas :r the abomination of civilisation—the store-pipe hat. But the Roumanian peasant, the Opinatr, the man who lives his life between the Carpathians and the Lower Danube, is still very much what his forefathers were before him. His imagination has not been coloured a neat uniform drab by the bruBh of modern progress, and he is still refreshingly behindhand in the race for complete coating of that melan- 1 choly monochrome. From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peasant is escorted by a host of popular practices meant to shield him from the'malefic influences of the evil spirits of the unseen world. Of these there are no lack, for Slavonic superstitions are mingled in Roumania with survivals of classic mythology which have been inherited by th* 1 descendant of Trajan's legionaries from their Romanised ancestors. Centuries cf Christianity have not been able to obliterate altogether the marks of the Roman eagle's claw, aud the demigods aud nymphs of Gr.t-co Roman legend linger yet under the sheltering shadow of the Carpathians. Thus, when a child is born, tbe father and mother invariably turn their eyes anxiously in the direction of the window. For behind that are lurking the three invisible spinners, the Uzitoare, who are weaving the web of the infant's destiny, the lineal descendants of. the Pare:? of classic mythology. Before the the child is christened it has to play its part in the important ceremony of the first bath. This is administered "to tbe child in the ! >n a or e&pflr;, a wooden vessel, t which serves alike for bith and cradle, not to mention numerous other domestic purposes. The babe's goimother performs the ablutions at her own house, whither the child is carried; together with a present of sugar and coffee. If it ie a boy the godmother must pour into the bath a symbolical mixture of corn, wine, and honey; and in the case of a girl some feathers from a dove's win^ and some petals of a rose take the place of the wine. The feathers and rose leaves form a pretty prayer to the Three Spinners that the mil's footsteps through Ufe may be soft as "down, and her face as fair as the rose in blossom. If you desire to read iu the book of destiny the future of your offspring you may prove a boy's character much as Portia proved her lovers'. Present the child with a loaf, a rod, and a book. If he takes the bread he will be a man of common-sense and practical knowledge of the world; if the rod, he will be a ne'er-do-well; if the book, he will grow up to be a great scholar. Love and marriage, like birth and death, have ever been fruitful themesfortheexercise of popular superstition in all countries. In Roumania, as elsewhere, the mopn is the maiden's chief cotifidante in affairs of the heart. A. properly constituted Roumanian damsel will on no account omit to hail the new moon with the following invocation:— " New Queen! in health thou hast found me; in health leave me. Thou hast found me unwed; leave me with a handsomehusband at my side." Thus-they invoke Diana, the moon-goddess, aB their ancestors, doubtless, invoked her centuries ago. Neither will the same maiden forget, when the month of March comes round, to suspend from her neck or her wrist the martsichor, a silver coin, which, in April, will be carefully hung upon a rose bank while its owner drinks a draught of milk. In this way she will infallibly obtain a complexion of the most exquisite pink and white.' Having thus secured a share of beauty, the next thing is to torn it to account in the market of matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or the opportunity to follow the clastic tradition, go to the forest by moonlight, and there, stripped of her clothing, to look for tie face of her futur in the waters of the spring, she may yet obtain a sight of b^Tn in her dreams if she will place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of the Epiphany. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in haste to wed to wear basil in her liair or her corsage, that herb having traditionally the attraction of a mayfly for a trout for every well-regulated Roumanian youth. Should she desire to know whether she wiil wed within tbe vear, let her go by night to the garden hedge, choose in the dark two neighbouring branches, and bind them together with a ribbon. Returning in the morning she will examine them, and if she finds that ehe has bound the branches of two separate bushes her desire will be accomplished: but if, nnforttinately, they both spring from the same root then no wise woman in all Roumania can toll her how long she will have to wait unwed. When she is definitely engaged she presents her fiance with her sash as a formal acknowledgment of the betrothal; and should she be so lucky as to hear a dove coo, or a cuckoo sing (upon her right side—not her left), then all is bound to go well with the pair. But if the betrothal pair would live long to enjoy each other's society, let them take care on the day they are married not to cross another wed dint? party coming out of church; for if they do either bride or bridegroom will die before the year is out. These precautions being taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other uncanny other-world creatures, are plentiful in Bonmania, and as various as plentiful. There are the Stri^ol, evil spirits who will make their way into the house on St. Andrew's night unless yon rrib yonr doors and windows with garlic, the smell of which these spirits cannot abide. There are' the Moroi, or Bpirita of nnbaptised children, who cry for their mothers' breasts, and will not be appeased until their little graves have been sprinkled with holy water for seven yean. Host fearsome of all is the Vampire, who leaves the tomb by night, and wanders till cockorow working evil to men. But the spirit of the departed will rest unvexed provided that hia coffin contain a comb, a pieoe of soap, and, above all, the classic obol, the wage of the Infernal Ferryman. For the Roumanian peasant still pays the burial fee to Charon, 