AN ASTONISHING EXPERIENCE. The next story I advance with reserve. It was lold me by a young inedioo, and we all know that medical students are of a peculiarly reserved, reticent, and sober race, averse to exag- geration, and remarkable for the veraolty of their anecdotes, ile who related the following astonishing experience, told me that it took place at Bartholomew's, or perhaps it was at Guy's or St. Thomas's. The essential thlngis that it took place ni n hospital. You will observe that a hospital must have in it every kind of ghost, including the least common, euch as lum about to dosorlbr. It WOB ovening, and not lato. One of the resident house physicians, a young man, witli a friend, also a young medical man, whoso evidence oun be prooured to corroborate the «tory, was playing a gomo of double dummy, with an accompani- ment of tobacco und whisky and water. They had been play, log for some little time, nothing unusual happening. They were seated at n square table. On of them at the beginning of n new game had to deal to his own dummy, as Is the rule nt double dummy. When he finished, a most wonderful thing happened. The oards of the two dummies were taken up by invisible hands, whioli arranged them and held Hiern in the usual fan-like form. It was as if the cards were in the air. The two men looked at ead other and at this phenomenon with stupeiaotion. It they bad not been men of science they would have lied, shrieking. Then one of the dummies hands were sharply rapped on the table. " That nunn» pluy," whis fiered one of them, and, with a gnqp, he led. The play of the nvlslblo dummies was all right. The leading partner took '.he trick and returned, changing the suit to siipw the hand fhe held. I say she, beoause by this time there were visible the hands and arms that held the cards, but nothing more. One of the playera was n woman with hare armB Bhowlng from a sleeve of whlto laoe ; her fingers had rings upon them Tlv> other was a man's, willi an ordinary coat sleeve and white cuff. The men put down their pipes and removed the whisky and water to another table. They played the game In solemn silence. Presently it became apparent that the lady plnyed n masterly game. She held good cards ; so did her partner. They scored in the first rub-double, treble, and the rub ; and in the second-treble, single, and the rub. " Never." my narrator told me, " did I play with a finer player. She seemed to know by ins.inct where every card in the pack was( At tho end ot the double rubber the arms dis- appeared. They went away as they come. I have never seen them since, though I often Invited them to come by deillng the oards on the table. I have often wondered who tue lady was ; young, as I gathered lrora the appearance of her arms; a gentlewoman, as was shown by the taper fingers-, audthe rings and the laoe, and a certain way of carrying her arms. Frolicsome, as was proved by her sitting down to play with only her arms visible; unmarried, from the absence ot a wed- ding ring. Who could she be ? Why wai she brought to the hospital" What Is her story? Why did she die so young ? Above all. how oould she, at her early age, bave acquired such a knowledge of whiat? It is very rare to And a gill playing whist even decently. PerhnpB, alter-after leaving the hoí pital," bo added, with some delicacy of expression, >" she may have found opportunities for praotloe. As for her oompunion, ho was comparatively untaterest lag. He had chalk stones on his fingers, und lie was only a mediocre player. He neglected his partner's load, he bottled her trumps, and once be threw away the king oí trumps, not even trying to save It by nn obvious finesse. But the lady-the lady-she. indeed, was divine I" 