A GHOST IN A PALACE. / If I wore to toll tny frlomls uud aoquuia-' tanccs of this1 practical ago that I lived for some years in a jpalaco at Iny tmso. bad free j right to wauder ovor'itn .mHgmfiocnt'aptttfc-! monts, to disport myself in' its tenuis courts and ■ pleasure grounds, Aritli vassals — or, rathor, a vassal—at my side, thoy would wink, shako tkoir kuowing heads,-. and probably ask mo if I had started a no ty, edition of “ fairy tales.” ' But such is/novortholpss, a fact.' I not only livod in a palace, 'hut drew my first breath, and opeuod my 'round and'probably wondering oyos upon scotios of post glories. In a word, T was bom in a whig of* tho celebrated palace, standing on .tno . river IVensum, at Norwioli, owned by the renowned but ill- fated Buko of Norfolk, who. wont to his grave without his head for attempting to establish tho power of tho no loss ill-fated Budy .Tano Grey. Macaulay grows eloquent in describing tho building. Ho speaks of its sploudour, how the drinking vessels wero of geld, and tho commouer kinds of sterling Bilvor. Ho also informs tho reador that Italian artists wero employed to decorate tlio panols with beautiful piotnres, and that “Buko’s PalaeoV waa tho finest town houso out of London, i With regard to the gold and silver vessels, I cun aay nothing, as I .never saw any, or hoard of any being f ouud. My * * ohristeniug mug,” I fear, was nothiug bolter than oleotra plato, and that of a third-olaes quality, for wo wore a “ poor lotbut X can spoak ob to tbo works of tho Italian roasters. On thn bindings—on some of which a coaoh and four might havo stood comfortably—tho panels bore traces of .byogono art. - * ' . , tSe’insigiiiii of hiB calling—a brazen arm, with a ruallot poised aloft in tho olonched fist. 1 Wo koDt ono scrvnnt (my vassal), named Matilda llcdges, a damsel who borrowed old stylo books from the circulating library, and wont to bed replete with horrors every Occasionally X would creep down to tho kitchen—it had been aBervauts’ hall in former days—to givo Matilda a scure. Tho scene is plain enough before mo now. A small table — which looked us if it laid lost its way, and wandered into tbo crypt of a church—a guttering enndio, and a small firo in a grate at whioh a shoop might huvo beon rousted. Poor Matilda! My parents trade her as comfortable us circumstances would allotv, but I havo often wondered that amid the gloom and shadows of that dismal region sho did not conjuro up plenty of ghosts without tho uid of “ Tho Castle of Ontario-’ and “ Tho Seven Footsteps in tho Dungeon.” Whenever I announced my presence with a gobUn-liko yell, the circulating library stiilerod. Ono portion of it went clean over her hend, detrimental to its binding and general arrangement, and Matilda, who was, perhaps, absorbod in a thrilling episode, would turn very white, and utter strange sounds in hec throat euggestivo of tho ener gotio windiug-up of the kitchen clock. But silo forguvo mo almost immediately. Tho girl loved mo. She had held me iu her arms as a bnby, put up with my childish ways, petted and spoilt mo, and I believe that sho would have got up in the middle of a wiutor’a night and trudged on her bnro feet ten miles ovor u stony road to do mo a Borvice. One night—1 think it was m tho middle of October—a mighty storm of wiuu and rain swept over the . anciont city. The galo howled and shrieked like a pack of fiends lot loose upon a tortured world. Windows rattled, signboards creaked, huge stacks of chimneys'rooked, and every now and then came a crash telling of destruction of pro perty, and perhaps injury to limb and life. My fathor was at work in a room at the top of tho houso, but he could stand it no longer. Ho came downstairs, looking very palo, and said that the air was- full of sounds such os he hadnever heard before, the flutter ing of thousands of huge wings, hoarse, un earthly prios, and occasionally a load thud, as if something, htid fallon from the clouds. . My grandmother,-'who resided with us ,at \- -«k. time, mtencd--Mm~ at" onco to BunyacS .“ Holy War,'! and to improve the ocoasion, fished that most excellent book from a book case, and began to read from it in as solemn tones as though sho wore, refreshing our momoriea with tho Service for the Burial of the Dead. • • ■ Not far from our honse—palaeo, I should say—-woa.the ancient ohurch of Sti.Mary-in the-Marah, and above the storm wa, thought wo could hoar tho booming of tho ’ big bell from time.to. time. . : “Heaven presorvb' us?” said my father, who was pacing the room like a caged tiger. “Wa shall havo the house duwn about Our oars presently. “It is a judgment on the wicked,” rei sponded ray■ grandmother. “Woe to the unrighteous!” . . This was rather- an unkind thing for a mother to say to her son, who charged' her not'for board and lodging; but mv father passed it over, and observing that fright was driving me fast to the borders of idiooy, sat at my side and spoke -words of encourage ment to mo. • Ho told me that such conflicts of the ele ments woro all sent to-fulfil the laws laid down it . tho Creation, and without thorn tho air wpuld become so full of impurities that we could not live.' -“Lightning kills blight and oloars the at mosphere,’’ ho was saying, when tho room boame filled with a horrid quivering glaro of steel bine, and tho next instant a torrifio peal 'of; thunder drowned the voice of the hurricane. > • ; - , . “I cannot sit here and know that Matilda is alone,” cried tpy mothor, starting *p. “Matilda !• ' Girl!- Matilda, oome up here and sit with ns.”' .'•• . Matilda camo np vory slowly. She was ttombling.in evory uorvo, and her face was as white as it it had been bleachod and powdered with Chinese flake afterwards. My mother gave her a few teospoonfuls of brandy, carefully hoarded and kept only for •medicinal purposes, and Matilda, after thro w ing her apron ovor her hoad, and giving vent to afew apasmodio sobs, was dble to speak.; Oh; rnurm." ohn nnirl. thin iamrwmthoi Obj marra,” sho said,.44 this ismoretb&n; a storm. * Tho coals and oinders flew out of tho' grate just now just as .it somebody had. caught them up in thoir hands. And then down the ohimbloy—oh, good gracious me !— I hoard souuda like pooplo pnd cursiug.”_ ,.. __^.^-tnyn.'-KA.T.TCT: “ A judgment ontho wioked oi'try," declared my grandmother. “ Well, I have led a good lifo, and-I am prepared to go.’’ . , “ That must consolo you immensely.” said V father. tOStilv. “ Whnf .l - „ my fathor, testily. “ What nonsenso is this” I was wrong to mention' anything about strange sounds. Of courao there woi2d bo no end to them in such a storm as this.-, Thera there ! the wind is dropping, and tho storm clouds are rolling away.” I really believe that my grandmothor felt disappointed at this satisfactory stato of affairs, and that sho would have liked at least one gable of tho houso to oome down with a rattle, but whethor she would havo eared to bo trader it is another question. The storm passed away, and then tho streets and courts became full of pooplo. Mon and 4oiuen shook hands with enoh other,’ aa we ate told they did at tho oossation of the Great l’lagne of Igradon; but on returning home I was rather surprised at hoaring my grandmothor, who had been dooming tho city to destruction, ask my fathor to sing, “ All round my hat I wear a green willow”—a song thon much in vogno. But my fathor was in no mood for singing. Ho ordered mo to bod, and I started on tho dark journey up stairs, and finally found mysolf in ray nooustomoil bedroom. it coutaiuod .no l6ss thau five windows, with diamond-shaped panes, oacli boing opoued with an iron bar drilled with holes, to bo fitted to a peg as ocoasion domauded. Our forefathers, wo are told, were heavy drinkers, and in one respect I am certain thoy wero fond of draughts. When those windows Woro partly opou, it'was a fight between cold in tho head and constitution, and tho former generally gained tho mastery. There wore tall otipboards, too, in that room, in which mini six fo it high could have stood upright without fear of knooking their heads,- and huge beams, snoh ns would make a jerry builder" of to-day stare, orosaing the oeiling. 1 My little bod stood near the ' door—a massive oak affair fitted with-’ an iron latoh', local ly - terjnesKL night; wlienitk'eriuK and^seok with'twijl. lain and wonderbdVu Cupied that room;; friends riuatfed wa goblets. ■.. At the t ime of wllich.l just nixteon years of ag nnd In nowiso superstitidu a place,: rwlioro at nlghtisti plontifuias'groougooaoborriej tide, takes, all the /ghost’. I I slopt and dreamed as’; 'iwWrJ?M|j( youth in a modern villa with,:.; /’-'/I point duty ,at the comer of the The storm had tried ’ my ;ni stead of .setting, sail''for,/;tl, fihudnwland a feW/ministVpi'ijt^! board,, as was my usukl’fiu’’ awake...' '''hyK.';;?:® : I. heard tluj'olpgifi strike ten, eieven,'/1 lay staring Atithtga dirootion pitch, and,tl|sbrL7,-1-: the wind, /.wlli. again on thesl Now, a sler1 solf. I tiirni rubbed my .m_, _ my hair untilchi^eij!;, b rough tdearSinto.tfey,1. was unkind,'^iadlsfeod'a J uBt'asythejbhlgieii'p^ twelve,I hoavd'iaouhdjW^S not belong: ing of feet no’t farjffomi/ni^Yml^ ownfir of thdso faBf/waAsh'-rffigi W8S then abort gasps,'. and then' long-# mournful sobs. ' I had more hair on my head than. ;!] now—a fact of which I am often rei by on exasperating hairdresser, who,' ^ shilling’s worth of lead, cold , water, i j sulphur, implores mo not to be “ thinon’ Well, I felt my youthful looks rise'i»;l ilutter. Every drop of blood in my veim tingled, nud thou congealed, v ' ' . . I wus conscious that I was trjing'.to :<ii out, but I wus tongue-tied, and as holplei as if chainod hand and foot. Suddonlvreij notion sot in, I leaped from my bed, tht*y open the door, nnd fainted; for there, wiftri nfowpacosof mo, and stalking down dhl corridor, wus a wiiito figure—grim, ghastly. horrible, and distinct in rolief to the jot-Uko,// darkness! (i ' . ’ I awoke, cold and sbivoring, and criiwlct; back to bed just as dawn broke, L My father was an early risorj and atj as I know that bo was abont, I went tif nnd Btatcd what I had seen and heard. Ho reasoned with me, argued with me, robuked me, but all in vain. • . “ You woro dreaming,” ho said, dismissing;? mo with an impatient sweop of his strong ; atm. “ Don’t say anything of this outside, .’, as people will oall my son a coward.” . : ' But it so happened that my grandmother*' who slopt somewhere in “ thu pariah," as the, ‘ house waB faoetioualy termed at times, joined. mo in the ghost-seeing lino. On tho following night she was roused from her righteous slumbers by light footfalls and singing. “First,” explained- the old lady, “I thought thnt somobody was singing a hymn, but as I listened I made sure that the voice' belonged to somo, unholy spirit, and /unholy spirits aro not given to singing hymns. Well* my dears, I opened the door and peeped out. and there—— Stars above ! . if over a womou saw a ghost, l am that. unfortunate womou.” • - , . ■ - My futhor grew perplexed, but at the ni»: timo ho was inclined to treat/the matter satirical manner, " -N ><Perhaps,” said he, ‘Hhe ghoet dropped, down one of the ohimneys during the staraAv If so, poor thing, wo most lay strap to oaV it, but wo must use it.very gently.' I tho"' suggest a glass ease, where it would look r on the parlour table.!'*— . //i : C;, i It was a dreedfol thingto. live Ip.ah •I-beg request. Grandmother' burnt'a /light’ all r laid in a stock of texts tofrighten I__ spirit away, and,' etrepgely.. enough;' it 7a parted. But only to return.’’,' V. . Ono night myfather, openod the door.Wv my room, and'- anhonnoed himself in ■uou^' style as not to cause me alarm.'i • '! ’ “ Get .up end dress yourself,” he said.Iv, want you .to oome with me.’.’ •".■,/'(li'-ii-v ‘ "Wbinoto?” I asked, naturally enough; as I rubbed my eyes. ;■. ■: “Over the house,”he.replied.’ “Somi*-’ body is playing the fool here.” ... /■ ,,j:' Now, os there ware only five of us to play' the fool, the. question was,, who could it he? Not zny. grandmother,.who. was. snoring as ■ loudly, as if 'the had not beento bed .for.a month; not my mother; andaa for the faith ful, and gentle .MatildajV she .was .the last creature on earth to.plvy praotioal jokes.-' - “ I hayo seen something,'and I have heard something,” my father said. . . “ Wasyrwae itaU in white ?” Ifaitewa..7 - “It might have been clothed in whites or groy, or. striped,” mv father replied but ithad certainly something .white oh its head. ■Listen”’. ’. . .. -i ■ From-tho 'region . of ■ the.:kitohen oame l strange sounds. The fender, fire-irons, chairs I and tablos seemed to be holding carnival,. for 1 they were moving abont ono after tho other. i ’ .Then tho oups, saucers, and diBhes; beg(/ to rattle'aboat; aiid thou somobody (and w, ’ could hoar.tho words as wo oropt lo wer down)Vf began singing : Six ilnys I work with nll ray might / ,'v' To keep the pots ana kettle* bright, ’ - , llut JC will have my Sunday. * “ Why—-why’’-— > ■ “ Don’t speak,” said father, iaterruptiiur mo, in a whisper. “Followme." Down the etaira we stole, thy father eh&d; ing with his hand tho candle he hod brought, until wo reached the kitohen. (And ,there wee Matilda,,in a neat print dress,:, oap,-»hd apron, sound Hsleop, and going througb a oheeifi'*' semblance of her. work as cheerfully.aa nok rible., . , ,.:t She made no mLstake,'.no_ slip ; everything wont off in - apple-pie order—-at least,, ap parently to her-mind—for, after, giving.* vacant: ataro .round .the; place, .'ehe'! eyrept lightly past us', and went straight to her own 'room.. _ — my fstherritdt .tb i an ft t *, ji.iT/ m F next nTorr when Matilda,was fast asleep; my imot^ mwote «? ea5^ eiJo of the be^twd'iS** towols stooped in water. Whether Mai . -*** TTflQIQBT MaHiaa riomol aalooP stood and • pondered on thS dampnosa of the weather I oannot say, .bat oannot; say,.,bjut Ei ba6 “ waa eoondispensed with. Matilda did ber work at the prorSr tiraeTand we nover had another ffhoefc in - *W:V.fiira,L Weekly. Budget. ' ° 