THEATRICAL TROUBLES. SUING FOR SALARY THEATRE ROYAL CASES The theatrical element was very much in evidence in the City Police Court yesterday. The leading actors now performing in the city were present, including Messrs. South, Dark, Will Stevens, D'Arcy Stanfield, and Miss Amy Gourlay. Fiank Beverley summoned Frank Whyte to Show cause why he should not pay him a week's salary of £10, which he had promised, but failed to pay. It appeared that Mr. Whyte sent Mr. Cyril Sandham for Beverley, and asked him if he,would play the pantomime season at'the Royal. Beverley hesitated, and said he would not play unless some one guaranteed him his salary, Whyte asked him how muoh ho wanted, and Beverley said £10 a week for himself and his wife. Whyte said he did not think'he would ask so much, but added, " I will guarantee it even if I have to pay it out of my own pocket." He lequested bira not to tell Stanfield that lie had guaranteed him payment, fearing lest all the other aotoiB < and actresses would be after him for their money. After this transaction Frank Beverley received the following note; "Theatre Boyal, Brisbane, 20th December, 1890., My Dear Beverley,-I will be happy to engage you and Mu. Beverley (Miss Edith Danvers) for my Christmas pantomime, com- mencing on Boxing Night, 2Gtli December, at a weekly Balary of £10 per woek.-D'Ancv STANFIELD." After playing one week White paid Beverley £2 cash, and gave him a post- dated oheque for £8. Cyril Sandham, a journalist, said that he was present when the agreement was made be- tween Whyte and Beverley. Fiank Beverley, Mr. Sandham added, said emphatically that he would not take part in the pantomime unless he got a guarantee. Mr. Whyte then said he would guarantee Beverley's salary, but Beverley was to see Stanfield. Beverley then went away for a few minutes, and on returning said, "It is all right, I havo seen Stanfield." Mr. Sandham, continuing, corroborated the state- ments made by Frank Beverley. Mr. .Stanfield stated that he had been a partner with Frank Whyte. Mr. LITTLE: "What did he take?" Mr. Stanfield (seriously): "Well, he took everything. (Laughter.) He went away without giving an hour's notice and left fifty persons unpaid." Mr. LUKIN : Was Beveiley one of the thieves ? % Mr, LITTLE : No ; ho was one of the victims. (Laughter.) , Mr. Stanfield said in answer to Mr. LUKIN that as his season at the Opera House had been profitless, some of the mem- bers ,of his, company declined to take part in the pantomime, so he took Mr. Whyte into partnership, on the understanding that he was to take a certain percentage of the profits, and Mr. Whyte met all olaims against the oompany. Mr. LITTLB, who appeared for Frank Beverley, addressed the bench in his favour, and Mr. LUKIN (instructed by Mr. Leeper) replied, and asked that Beverley should be non buited. The Benoh said that while they were con- vinced that there waa a verbal agreeirient between White and Beverley, a written agree- ment was neoessary, and oonsidering the letter sent by Mr. Stanfield to the plaintiff they non- suited Frank Beverley. l The case was heard before Messrs. H. C. Luck, H. H. Payne, and H. Price, JJ.P. ? The case of Fred. Dark v. Frank Whyte and D'Aroy Stanfield was then heard. Dark olaimed £11. It appeared that as there was'Botne difficulty about salaries at the Opera House, Dark said that unless some one Was made responsible for his money he would not go any further With Mr. Stanfield. He met Mr, Whyte and Mr. Warner in the offico on tho 22nd Deoernber, when Warner said, " I want to know who is responsible for my'pantomimo salary?" Mr. Whyte said, " I am the responsible man." He then paid Dark i and - Warner their retaining fees, and Whyte said Stanfield was a partner in the concern. Dark played two weeks and four nights. Mr. Whyte paid him the first week's wages, and the money for the second week was duo to him. He had great difficulty in gofcting his first week's salary from Whyte. Ho offered Dark £5, and said, " The air will be a little freer to- morrow ; very likely I shall be able to pay you the whole amount then," but he refused the offer, and sent word that he would not play any moi e unless he was paid. Dark did not seo any agioemont between Whyte and Stan- field. The agreement between Dark and Whyte was for the burlesque season. It was not customary to have an engagement in writing. From Mr. Whyte Dark îeoeived £4 and £11, and gave him a îeoeipt. > Mr. LUKIN : The reoeipt is not stamped. Mr. Dark: Wo had no stamps; we were pretty hard up I assure you. (Laughter.) Whon aperson advances money for the purpose of produoing a piece Dark said that it was done on the undei standing that he took part of the proceeds, and tile salaries were always a first charge on the proceeds. This was the reason given by Fred Dark for his claim, and William Barton Warnor, whp is now playing at the Boyal, supported the statement. Warner said that he went to Whyte previous to the opening night, and said, " When does the ghost walle?" (Laughter.) Whyte said he had nothing to do with it. By the ghost he (Warner) meant his salary. Whyte afterwards said he would be responsible for the money, and he then gave bira £5. As oustomary in the pro- fession, Dark, after receiving the retaining fee, could not work for any other oompany then playing in Brisbane. . D'Avoy Stanfield said that ho was in partner- ship with SVhyte, and their pantomime season for the first two weeks was very sucoessful, it having realisod £641103. 6d. He felt himself íesponsible for his share of the salaries, but Whyte had taken the monoy, and he could not pay the actors. >? Mr, Stanfield said that he had only received a few shillings of the sum mentioned. He ex EDotod nothing till Mr. Whyte was repaid what e disbursed in the production, after whioh he '(Mr. Stanfiold) should havo sharod the profits, Mr. Whyte, ne said, engaged the aotors, as thoy would not take an engagement from him, Stanfield said if ho had the money he would pay the salarios. Mr. LUKIN asked that the plaintiff should be nonsuited, on several technical points. . Mr, PAÏNE: We may not be posted up in points of law as well as you, but wo haye oommon-sense. This remark was loudly applauded. Mr. LUCK (chairman) : This oase is on diffe- rent grounds to the others, and, if it cannot be proved it is generally known, that Whyte and Stanfiold were in partnership. (Loud applause.) . The BENCH said that they oould allow no cheering in the court, and direoted the orderly to keop silence. Mr. LUKIN (continuing) said that they could not assumo anything ; they should decide the ,oase according to the rules of law. (Mr. PATNB : " Wo should bo better if we had less law and more common-sense."] After a few remarks from Mr. Fox (who appearod for Mr. Daik), Mr. LUKIN called Frank Whyte, who stated that Mr. Stanfiold came to him and said that he was in need of funds to produce the pantomime. Whyte thon lent him £50. Tho conversation related by Warner and Dark was a fabrication nure and simple, and he had never ongaged those actors. By Mr. FOY. : I took the position of treasurer in Order to secure myself, and received no Balary. I cannot say if lat any time refused to lend £50 to Stanfield. I took all the money taken during the first two weeks, by agreement. I suggested to Mr. Stanfield that a call should be made payable on the 7th, but the salaries were not paid, as the takings of the previous night were all absorbed by other accounts. I did not attend at the time of the call, soting under advice from my solicitor. I engaged the Slade Murray combination at Mr. Stanfields request. I had an agreement with Slade Murray, but Mr. Stanfield's name was not mentioned as a responsible party. I paid the Slade Muiray people £75. 'The accounts of the Stanfield Company were then considered, and Whyte said that he had lo3t £80 over the transaction. 1 - , > By Mr. LUKIN : My solicitor advised mo that my security was defootivo, consequently I fore- closed. ' ,,- iJ.yi ^ . ) By Mr. Fox : Mr. SlanjBe]d(tauthorised me to pay the Slade Mui^ay^ Qompany, £75 in advance. - j n\as: '* )^ _' , Mr. LUKIN then addressed the. bench -at considerable length, and Mr! Fox replied. A verdiot was given for tho plaintiff. No costs were allowed. ¡ Mr. Lukin gave notice of intention to appeal. OpEnA HOUSE CABE?. .. The case of J. B. Hiekie, theatrical mana- ger, v. Joseph Carroll, of Miss Wangenhoim'a Opera Company, claim of £11 10a,, extras on agieement, was then called. Mr. G. B. Byrne (instructed by Mr. T. Bunton) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Butledge (instructed by Messrs. Thynne and Goertz) for the defendant. The '. claim was for extra gas and extra ad- vertising, Mr. Hiekie stating that he had expended moneys other than those provided for in the contraot. It carne out in the evidence that the Gas Oompany, not having boen paid to their satisfaction, had threatened to cut off the gas from the Opera House on the night before Slade Murray re- opened the theatie. "I had no idea," said Mr. Hiekie under cross-examination, "that the Wangenhoim company would get over the gates at 1 o'clock in the morning, and I have two aotions against Miss Wangenheim-one for breach of contract and the other for defama- tion of character." There were seventy-six persons, it appeared, in the company, whose salaries, it was said, amounted to £280 per week. At 5.30 the case was adjourned till the fol- lowing day. It is understood that Mr. Hiekie has Mr, T. J. Byrne (Solicitor-General) retained for the two actions above mentioned. The notion brought by Miss Amy Gourlay against Whyte and Stanfield, for salary alleged to be due, will be heard to-day, as will also Mr. J. A. South's, another piominent actor, who is suing Mr. Carroll, of the Wangenbeim Company, for £22. . , , 