Heard in His Own fence. "Have I your honor's permission to make a statement ?" "Your honor!" cried Lawyer Lang, springing to hi3 feet—" your honor, before you pass on ibis request, I should like to make a statement myself." ''What is it, Mr. Lang?" asked the judge. " it's just this,'' said Mr. Lang, with some thing more than hiB usual acerbity; *• you remember, of course, that when this man, Cephas Love, was first brought to trial he was without counsel; that he refused to secure any, and that you therefore peremptorily appointed me as such. The appointment was useless, for the defendant has absolutely and unconditionally refused to say a word to me concerning hie case. I wish it to be dis tinctly understood, however, that this silence of the defendant's has been maintained in the face of my most diligent efforts to break down his reserve, for while I first accepted your honor's iE j unction perfunctorily, I ended by becoming deeply interested in what is certainly a unique case—so far as my prac tice goes. What 1 wish to state with patticu lar stress is, that I am absolutely and en tirely ignorant of the nature of the state ment wbich Mr. Lave has asked permission to make. In fact. sir. all I can oflisiailv olaim to know of this man is, that on ths fourteenth cf this month of August, IS'.tO, he was found in the very act of throttling another man to death, at No. S<);> Pine Street, in this City and County of Sin Francisco ; that he was arrested in jja^rar.!,; tlcltfiu by Officer Thomson ; and tnai he has been cots fined in the city prison ever sincc. He is no more a client of mine than is your honor, and it would be a gross misuse of terms to style him a • defendant.' " As Mr. Lang sat down, the man referredto as Cephas Love shook hands with him cordially, and repeated hia request for a hearing. " It is a rather nnusual proceeding—at this stage of the trial," said tho judge, "for a person in your position to make a statement, tut the whole^>roceedinge in this case have been unusual. Moreover, I have not the right to deny you, Dj you wish your state ment to appear as evidence V '• Yes, sir." " Take your place in the witness-stand, then, and be sworn." He repeated the clerk's mumble-jumble of words with slow emphaeis, and laid an in tonation upon tbo concluding words, " S3 help me God,'1 that gave them a reverential clltct not often heard in that court-room. The eketch which the artist of a morning paper was at this moment making, showed a tiny, neat man, sitting primly with crossed ieaB and smoothing out the folds of a red eilk handkerchief spread over his knees. Ilia hands, face, and scalp were of a false ruddi ness that was caused by a network cf small veins in the skin, and that was made all the more vivid by the contrast of a fringe of ; flares-white hair and two patches of close ; trimmed whiskers that lay on each cheat like small powder-puifa. His eyes were light-blue i and moist; his lips thin and Btraight; and ' the rest of his features ordinary and inex- ] pressive. He was dressed in a suit of dark- . grey clothcs, and looked something between | an upper servant and eisbII lawyer." There | had been even more than the usual in- ; terest felt in the case, the court-room was j crowded, and when the prisoner began there j was a strained attention to hear what he had j to say, matfeall the more necessary because | of tbc rather Jew and rather quick voice in which he spoke. " My name is correctly given on the docu ments in the case, I believe," he began •'besides which, it haa besa on the city directory for the past thirty-two yeare. It is Cephas Ciavering Love, although the middle name is very seldom used. I am sixty-three years of age, and was born at Memphis, Tenn., on the thirteenth of April, 1S27. I came to San Francisco thirty-threo years come next Christines Eve, and for twenty-one years thereafter I was a clerk j for the law-lirm cf Kittridge and Shaw, as I i believe your honor well knows. For the j paet twelve yesre I have been engaged in the , law-stationery department of Misers. llocker j and Coe. Tneao gentlemen, together with j many others, 1 understand I have a right to summon as witnesses to testify as to my j aocd character, but 1 tball pat none of them j to this inconvenience—" j "Proceed, Mr. L-sve,"said the jidge, for | witnets had flopped and was nervously i rubbing the palms of his smali. withered hands with his handkerchief. j 4 * Thank you, your honor," said the old man, "I'm not used to making long speeches AH 1 need soy in any preliminary way about j myself is, that I am a widower, with one j married daughter living at Norfolk, Virginia ; that I am a member cf Dx. Wall's church ;! that I live temperately, drinking but littie j and smoking less ; and that 1 am a qviei, | law-respecting, God- fearing old mac. Vet I sit here to-day in this court a murderer.'-" " Your honor," cxclaimed Mr. Lang, once I more springing to his feet, " I must insist 1 that the witness be instructed. Your honor knows that a plea of not guilty was ] entered in the court of examination, j and a similar plea hss been entered I in this court of araignment. This man is on | trial; be has not been convicted, and I call j upon your honor to instruct the witness that j he must not use such terms of self-accusation, j as well as to inform the jury thai they pay 110 attention to the wild words of the j witness." _ j •' The witness is thoroughly conversant j with legal practices, I believe, Mr. Lang," ] said the judge, •' and fully appreciates the j gravity of his position and the necessity for j carefully weighing what ho has to say. j Nevertheless if—" 'Excuse me, your honor," Eaid the old] man Love, gently stretching out a somewhat j shaky hand toward the judge ; " you need I not caution mp, ycur honor. lam, as you] =,iy, thoroughly aware of the gravity of my j sords—and position. What I ouy is simply | the truth, and the liuth can injure no one. j [ am a murderer, and I purpose telling the story of my crime without attempting any j palliation." I There was a stir in the court-room, and i veiled woman—the mother of the victim, it. -K55 said—leaned forward in her chair and sobbed, •« Ycur honor," cried Mr. Lang, again on those ready feet of his ; " clicrc is an attempt at sensationalism here," with a vibrating iorefinger pointed in tho direction oi the sobbing woman, and he asked that it be stopped/' I '■ Well, now," eaid the prosecuting attorney ■with hot sarcasm ; " we must say we like I shut. Daring the whole of these proceedings I sre haven't said a blessed word. We've al lowed you to put your man on the witness- j I stand with all the etsge-i ff:-ct you wanted j and without a boo ; and now, because this ccor, bereaved woman—this heart- stricken Another—gives way to her natural grief when the horrible crime which robbed her of her darling is brought to her mind, you— ycu, sir, who should bo the last man to make a eour.d, go to babbling afceat sensa tionalism. Why. sir—" j " That will do, gentlemen,*' said the judpre. i quietly but ficinly. for Mr. Lang was actually I bounding about in his anxiety io make his retort. " (Gro on, sir," he added, turning to the defendant, who during the discussion had busied himself folding hja red handkerchief into a neat. Equate package. "Since working for Messrs. Bicker anu Coe," Cephss Love continued, •» i have been in tho habit of walking to the store slong 1 Pine Street each morning from my boarding house, at the corner of Lsrkin and Jameu Streets. On the sixteenth of June last, or it might have been the seventeenth, I noticed that No. 8C3, after having been vacant lor many months, was about to be tenanted. The I next morning, end it was a Friday, I ro | member, my attention was agpin attracted ! ' to No. SG3, and this time by a vary peculiar j f incident. The two windows on the ground j 6 floor, where the parlor was evidently situated, j iwere draped with hstvy curtains of some meroon-colored stuff, after a fashion which j used to be in vogue for dining-rooms when I S was a boy. As 1 was passing tho bonse, the 1' curtain nearer me was dravn aside and a face peered out—such a face as frightecs a child in what axe called its very * bad dreame.*" " Describe it, Mr. Love." eaid the attorney Lang. " I can not," eaid the witness, putting oat both hands in a gesture of repulsion that was strangely energetic in a man seemingly so placid and undemonstrative; "it was more oE a mask than a lace. Not one of the those grotesque masks, you understand, bus one of utter vacuity—a clank, an emptiness, a soulless nothing. The eyes were big, wide open, with the white showing all around the | pupil between the fixed lids. The cheeks pale and flabby, the nose a line, and the mouth half open, with the lower lip dropping." I Here a strange thing happened, for while j the prisoner de-scribed the face, his own took on that of the creature ho was delin eating, until in the placs of the little old gentleman of semi-clerical aspect there ap peared the doddling head of a mowing idiot. Tlio red handkerchief had been snatched up from where it lay smoothly folded over on his knee, and was now grasped in both hands like & ball. " I could only see hia face," said Love, dropping hack, go to speak, to himself, " be { cause he brought tba curtains close up about j hia neck, like a garment—like a dreesing j gown. After I had moved on a few pases, I jj turned around, for so strange was the im j pression produced on me that I can liken it | to little less than fascination .The face bad not i moved, but the greet staring eyes were ctill { fixed on me as the eyes of a portrait done in j oil-painting always eecin to be, no matter j where the observer may move. More than I on-u during the day 1 found myself thinking j | of this vacanr, fatuous face, and then toward !the afternoon I managed to dismiss it with the resolution that it undoubtedly belonged to some poor, unfortunate being, whose I friends preferred to take private charge ol 1 him rather tban send him to an asylum, ana that his presence at the window was due to the temporary absence of those whose duty it was to laok after him. But with all thia aommon-sense view of the matter, I found myself stupidly excited and nervous as I drew near the houee next morning. Well, sir—1 mean, your honor—the fellow rauBt have been watchiDg for me, for as I came opposite the windows again,a thin, white handparted the curtains acd the vacant face was turned once more upon me. This time, 1 thought that the eyes, though fixed and wide open, had the light cf a nasty smile in them and that the drooping lowsr lip was shot out in a grimace of contempt. I had & stout walk ing-cane in my hand," said the witness, jumping up," and I threatened the fellow with it in this way." Here he shook out the red-silk handkerchief and waved it rapidly toward the jury-box as though it were a danger signal. One of the jurymen drew back, with a nervous start, and the judge looked curiously at the defendant-wit ness. " Control yourself, Mr. Love," said he, " and tell your story as calmly aa possible." *' I will,your honor,"hereplied,with meek ness and an instant change of demeanor, although it was noticed that great beads of perspiration had broken out on his forehead, and that, now and then, these merged them selves one in the other and tben ran trickling j down his face like an overcharged rain-drop i on a widow-pane. i "For two or three days I changed my way | to the office," he oontinued, " and took I another street, so at to oscape the sight of th s oppressive face. It was a useless pre caution, however, for what had been a day horror now became a night-mare. For the first time in my life, I became the victim of insomnia. The horrible blank features covered the walls like a patterned paper; they were as visible in the darkness as in the light; they kept my eyes open and stared into them ; and they covered me like waves roll ing over my bed. The void, meaningless face was with me in a hundred fantastic and distressing shapes, and I felt that 1 could have strangled the beast of a possessor had he come within my grasp." I The little man's voice rose into a screech, j she dull blue eyes'flashed like a moving mirror, and his chest heaved, while he twisted the red-silk handkerchief into a scarlet rope. -" mor3ing of the third sleepless night," he want no, sinking his voice into a a hoarse waieper, while the crowd in the court-room leaned forward as one man to hear what was being said—on the third morning. 1 got up and determined to put an j end to it all. I took cut a razor, threw back j my collar, in thia way, and was going to cut I my throat, when the idea entered my head that I would first go and eqaeezs the life out of my tormenting devil, and then come back and Biske away with myself. Dressing hurriedly,I ran down stairsandinto the street. I was in front of No. 8*53, like a flash of double-greased lightning. Q:iick as I was the j montrous villain was juet as quick. Back weai the curtains, as though j=rked by red Zarniel hiceelf, and out shot the face-—a scarecrow ibat would frighten the very blue birds of heaven. No doubt about if, the ghost-like thing was mocking me now— mocking my misery, mocking poor old me, who had been cursed by it for forty million years, i don't know what I said. Call them black, bad words. All the blood rushed to j I my head, until my ears rang like the sevon | j bells of Kingdom come. With a one, two, 1 j three, I waB in the house; and with a four, j five, six, I was squeezing his wind-pipe—like : this." "Look out, judge 1" yelled Mr. Lang, while a cry of horror rose from the people. The judge had been gently swinging him sels around in a quarter-circle on nia chair, looking keenly now at the curious witness, and now inquiringly at the prosecuting at ; tarney. As he swung round the last time, 1 the prisoner leaped out from his pl&ce;, as though mived by a steel spring, and flung | himself upon the judge like a cat. TUe shock threw the judge out of the chair, and ijjth went down together. There were : snaris and screams from behind the desk, and I when the bailiff reached him had wound the handkerchief around the judge's neck and was tugging at it like a demon. A dozen other rescuers were on hand the next minute, but it took nearly the whole of their mis directed strength to tear away the Ehrieking, frothing maniac and carry him down stairs to the safer accommodation of the " tanks," " Tns late Archbishop Tait was once stay' j ing at a email village in Perthshire. He gtvo { instructions for his letters to bo sent to the j local post-cilice to be called for.. Oa the first j day of his arrival the ArchbiBbcp went down | to the general shop which also did duty for j for the post-cffice, and asked: J " Are there any letters for ths Archbishop j of Cinteibury ?" J To this the storekeeper, without actually j replying to the question, said : " f " Maybe you'Jl be that purrsen yerGel'?" j " Well," said the Archbishop," as a matter j of fact, I am," I " Weel," continued the good man," I have j a son, and he is in a shop in London, and he { told me that he aince gacd to St. Paul's : Cathedral to hear ye preach, and lie was j verra weel satisfied wi'ye." j Tub correlation that .or & long time was j supposed to exist between the number of I " annular " rings formed in the trunk and j the ago of the tree has been refuted on tbo I best of evidence. M. Charency, the French 3 explorer who visited the ruins of Palenqae, I Mexico, in 1S59, and again in ISS'2, and t therefore at an interval of 22 years, found j that the trees that had beep cut by him in the | firEt.named year bad, in the abort epace of j less tla-j an quarter of a qentury grown new i trunks which exhibited no lesB than 239 of ] these so-called •' annular rings"—an average J [ of nearly 10 a year. From observations j I made by M 13ou3Benard.it would appear thst j plants often form no less than twelve con- j centric growths in tho space of a year, two > of whiob are usually much more developed J than she remainder, which appear to corres-1 pond to a period of maximum circulatory activity. Diffident Youth: "Why, you surely i must know that 1 have a moustache. Can't j jcu see it?" I Shy Maiden: "You must remember that j I am very near eighted." __ _ 