The Face atthe Window. -f's..------- Silvani Todd met me at the Saville one e;,, ig and took me aside. I was living i two rooms not tar from the Edgware r Lck here, Williams," he began, "I am ý,isr to Egypt on this cholera commission, dri I shall be away for six months at least. if)O y like to move into my house while I er awsy. do so." . lt your house in Grosvenor street 7" I 1ocleimed. •e:. fl. Why not'' bhe replied lightly. I ,il leave ohEqoues for the rent and taxes. You mill be doing me a kindness. Gaot is a ;:dy man, but I would prefer not to leave the ,,ra?its alone in the house." ", I;o: as to rent 7" I said dubiously. .N;ovcr mind about that. Or stay. In peCs of rent you can pay the servants' t:?rd wages, or fid their keep if you ,Dne with yon," I cried heartily. A ::tek later I moved into the house in G covenor street, No. 1I0. It was a fair-sized leoue. On the right of the hall was the dieing room, spacious and wainscoted in O?,, with much sombre furniture, and one Isrge window which looked upon the street. l-hind this was the consulting room. The i3idow here was overlooked, but a window gsrien wel stocked with ferns, and above it a curious lsos blind, esecured the needful privasy. So much for the house. I had been in it asbut thres weeks; the words, "Come and ree ms; i am living in Grosvenor street now," werebeginning to lose their first sweetness in the mouth, when, on going out one morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. He had that moment rung the bell. "Doctor Silvani Todd ?" he asked, looking from me to a paper he held in his hand. '.;re you Doctor dilvani Todd, sir?" "No," I hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting rates and taxes. " I am not Dootor Todd. He is in Egypt-in the Soudan; right up in the country, in faset." "Anyone living hers beside Doctor Silvani Tdd I" be asked jerkily, poising a pencil above hie list. 'Living here? Well, I am living here, but-" " Christian name, surname and protfe sbin," he put in briskly. "A card will in. sore accuracy." Then ha explained that he was a canvasser foee directory. "Your card, sir? Thank you," he said. "The name shall be ineerted. May I take your order for a copy t" "ŽN," I replied brusquely, " Is that all you want " '"All this morning, thank you,'! he airily answered. He was not one whit abashed by my man ner or ecrutiny. "' Then good-morning." I held the door open, and only ahut it when he had fairly turned the corner. I am a thy man, and his coolness had staggered me. But if I had not seen him, when my back was turned, as he supposed, in the not of examining my letter-box-not the look of the door, or the bolts or chain, but the letter-box of all things-I was a Dutch man. What could the man want with my letter-boxl I began, though I would not have confessed to the feeling for the world, to .i;.lihe the etilless and gloom of the house. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in comparieon with my old lodgings; but this alone did not account for my unnesiness, which grew so marked that the striking of a clock startled me, and a ray of sunlight shooting athwart the dim ness of the room made me jump. No,1 caught the infection from Gall. He was a tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily; the model of a line and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. But he had a queer habit of going stealthily about the house, and though I did not mind this much, I did object to another trick he had of glane. ing over his shoulders as he waited at table, while his face would put on at three times an unplesasnt listening expression. More than once I came upon him standing still in the hall listening.. And if I went into the con aclhing room to water the ferns, he was sure to be at my elbaw the next minute, listening egaio, I dareray. But this was notall. Onenigbteomething happ.ned, which gave me reel ground for uso.es.tnes;. I had gone to bed early, but I could not sleep; and while I was lying awake, : thought I heard a cautious footstep on the .:ai;s. As my door it panued--i it was a footslep-for I could only hear the creaking of a board at intervals; then it seemed to go lower. " All fancy I" I said to myself, and turned c;er. "All fancy I" Bat I was not quite esatified,and presently with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my pyjama,. just as I was, went out on the landing. 1 could hear nothing. I crept eoltly down the stairs in the dark. All was still. The ticking of the eight- day clock and the occasional grating of a window as the breezs rose or fell were the only sounds insid? the house. Outside a cab rumbledby. I oeached the foot of the stairs, and, satisfied now that I had deceived myself, was turning to to blek, when my movement brought the keyhole of the consulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam of light shot from it into the darkness of the hall. Well, I iCaitated ; perhap while the cloak above ticked a dozen times. I considered the peesition. Someone might have carelessly lll a light burning in that room. Only the eo:m was not in use. And then what of the srtps on the stairs? On the other hand, there might ba a burglar inside. And then t:ad I not batter summon the police o But suppose 1 did this, and lo a mere lighted candle? That would be a humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, but ridicule more. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. For a second or two I was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a Eisgie candle on the mantel. No one movedin the room. No onewas to hb seen. I stepped cautiounsly in with a smile on my face, and -and jumped, 1 daresay, a couple of feet aeide. "Why, Galt r" I cried the next minute, seeing that it really was the servant who, alone and half-dressed, wae standing by the window. "What are you doing here? WVhast are you doing up at this time of night r" I cried imperatively. lie did not answer. He was trembling violently. I had given him a great shook, tat wots clear. He passed one hand acrols iS brow in a stupid way. In the other he held the garden syringe I hove mentioned. I thought I grasped the position. "I will tell you what it is I" I said, taking up the candle, and holding it so that its light ,!1 opon his dazed face and distended eyes. "I will toll you what it is, my man Iu You hare been walking in your sleep I" ito shaded his eyes with his band and psatly turned from me. 'I am afraid I have, sir," he muttered abjctly. it seas still forced to steady himself by reOting onehand on the table, I took the syringe from him. "I asuppose that this is not the first time you have done it ' I said querulously. T have a servant who walked in his sleep. It was too provoking. "No, sir,"he answered, his teeth ohatter irg with the fright or the cold. "I need to do it when I was a boy. But Ithought Ihad grown out of it years ago." "I hope that you will igrow eat os it now," I replied eoereedy. "Thr:e, get to bed, sad for gndnEs sakEre stay there if you Can." "1Ies, sir,' he said humbly. " I am sorry that I dietused you, air." Im as a eigo to him to go first, As I followed I glanced round the room at the atrange medley that covered table and entelpite and overlowed on to chairs and brackets. On a shelf above the fireplacewas a mummy's head with horrible glass eyes that seemed to be winking at me, and in bottles below it were preparations which Todd had been nusing to illustrate his physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. " Ugh I" I exclaimed, closing the door with a shudder. I soon fell asleep when Igot back to bed. But once at least I awoke with a start and sat up, in the belief that someone was again moving about the house. Next day I had a bad nervous headache, and was as irritable as could be; so that when Galt as usual crept upon me while I was watering the ferns, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply. "Well ?" I exclaimed. "I came to see it you wanted anything, sir." Wanted anything, indeed I "No, nothing I" I retorted. "And I think, Gait, that you would be far more usefully employed, it instead of following me about the house you were to clean the windows. I The one in the dining-room is in a disgrace. fol state, considering that there are three arerants in the house and only one master." "Very well, sir," he answered respect fully. He was not at all put out. And I, who am shy in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not have dreamed of so re. buking him felt a glow ofi pride in my moral courage. "I will see to it, sir," he said; "but Doctor Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean the outside." " Then get a man. Di it in the usual way. That is all I want," I answered. He assented assio, adding something, however, about the difficunlty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind five minutes later, when a man acoosted me as I crossed Bond street on my way to chambers. " ill your honor give me a job of work ?" he said. I looked at him. He was not tearful as beggars are. On the contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes. "A job of work ' I answered, glancing at my slim umbrella and varnished boots. "Do I look as if I had jobs of work to give away ?" "'Your honor looks as if you would give them away if you had," he answered with ready wit. I Ilughed. "Can you clean windows?" I asked. "Clean all your windws, dir, for a shil ling 1" he rapped out. "Then you would have a bad bargain," I replied, thinking with pride of my fire floors and basement. 1 Here I you may take this to 190 Grosvenor street." I pencilled a few words on a card request ing Gall to let the bearer clean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when he had done. For some reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from chambers early that afternoon.- I had scarcely taken the latch key from the door before I learned that there was a quarrel going forward. Gallt was standing at the consulting room door, his back to it, In front of him was my shabby Irishman, gesticulating wildly, and talking at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Galt cut him short. " You do not go into this room," he said; "that is enough for you I" "And why not, my honey ?" the Irishman was beginning. " Sure, and his honor was saying that I was to clean. the windows, every blessed one of them." "He said nothing of the kind," I inter. posed sternly, as I came forward. "I did not say that you were to come into the house at all. I said that you were to clean the outeide of the windows. How is this, Galt I" The servant mutered something. " I expect him to do his work. Now, as you have let this man clean the other win dows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You can stay with him. Open the door." But Galt did not stir. He looked at me su'lenly. "DoctorTodd is particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir," he said, in a tone that matched his face. "And to the housne, I have no doubt I" I returned, throwing open the door myself. "8Ssyo" I added, alter glanoing round. "Ciose the inner window over the ferns. That is better. Now he can do no dam age." I saw this arrangement carried out before I left them. Then I went into the. front room to write a letter, but was.presently roused by the repetition of a loud knook. Galt, I knew, maust be able to hear it as well as I could myself. I strode into the hall. "Do yoen not hear that someone is at the door l" I said curtly. He did not move. Instead, he pointed silently to the window cleaner, who was hard at work. "Nonsens I" I exclaimed. "Go to the door at once." Still a moment's hesitation, and he went. The person at the door kept him some time. Afterward I needed cost in the front room and a cup of tea. His scruples had arisen rather late in the day I thought, and I took a mischievous pleasure in keeping him from his post. But what did it all meant What, indeed? I did not connect, as yet, the man who had been so inquisitive about the letter-box with Galt. The latter's conduct by itself was enough to puzzle me. His sleep-walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness, and his strange obstinacy about the consulting room, gave scope for wild conjectures, and certainly filled me with distrust of him, as well as a secret prejudice against the house. At breakfast next morning I was more struck than before by the nervous manner in whibch he continually started and glanced be hind him. ". What is it that you are afraid of, GIlt ?" I said suddenly, thinking to take him by surprise. Then, as he did not answer, '' Is it burglars?" I asked, the scene with the Irish. man in my mind. SBorglars, sirn" "Yes. Mind what you are doing with the kidneys I" I said sharply. "I thought that the burglary close by in Bond street, at that jeweller's, might have frightened you. Man alive I there is nothing here to tempt that gang." " I hope not, sir," he replied huskily. I put down my knife and fork and looked at him. "Irbally. Galt, I do not think that you are well," I remarked, in a more kindly tone. S"We want Dector Todd back already." He began to tell me that he had not been himsalf of late, when he stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered back from the table. The plate he was holding fell, and was shattered on the arm of my chair, The gravy ran over my sleeve. I jumped up in a rage. What on earth is the matter with yon?"' I exclaimed, very much inclined to tlake him and shake him. "I saw a-a face at the window," he His iown face was white. His lips trembled so that he could scarcely frame his words. A face at the window I I had been sitting at a round table close to the window, and when I rose 1 had done so with my back to the light. Now, I turned swiftly round, fol lowing the direction of his eyes. Looking past me, they were fixed on a corner of the window. But there was no face to be seen. Gait was wiping his brow with his handker chief. "Have you been drinkingl" I asked. '' No, sir." There was no indignation in his answer. ",Umph I I am surprised to hear it," I said. "For shame, man I pluck up a spirit. Now go downstairs and compose yourself. You can tell Caroline to bringme up another plate." When the plate had been brought ] re. semed my breakfast. Really Gait was be oeing unberuable, Was he going out of his mind ? Or was it merely that something had unstrung his nerves? A man must be pretty far gone-farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for his neighbors-be. fore he could conjure up faces in broad day. light, and What was that f I was out of my chair in the fifth of a second, for with the tail of my eye, ae I reached across the table for the salt, I had seen a face at my elbow-a face glued to the pano, and such a one I A face. white, bloodlees, with no forehead, a long upper lip, and flanked by hugo earsI A greedy face, with dull eyes, that glared in upon mu. I was not frightened, but I was startled. The face was unexpected, and it was horribly close to me. It. was no wonder that I sprang up as I did. Yet the thing was hardly seen-I had barely turned my full gaze upon it-before it was gone. " The impudent scoundrel I" I cried, when my first surprise was over. " I will soon put a stop to that I" I ran to the front door, and opening it, looked into the street. Near at hand there was no one. In the distance two or three broughams were waiting, a butoher's cart was rattling off, half a dczen people were going this way or that. But no one was by the win dow. Yet this did not greatly astonish me,. The houses in Groavenor street have project. inog porticoes which would hide a fugitive. though his pursuers were buta few yards dis. tant. My first impulse was to go up the street, hatless as I was, and hunt him out. But after all he had done no harm, and I con tented myself with vowing vengeance if he should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfast. Though I could still laugh at the serious way in which Gait had taken it, I did not return to my old seat. I removed my plate so that I might face the window. Somehow the face hsnunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon a dark earner, a pale image of the flat features aend fishy eyes shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms where the firelight fell upon it, and this went eo far that I felt sensibly relieved when I was fairly ontside the house. But that day being a busy one, by the evening I had forgotten my domestic concerns, and when Caroline took off the covers at dinner I asked where Galt was. Galt was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down. "I do not think that he has been wellfor some time," I remarked. "No, sir," said Caroline, solemnly. She shook her head, as if she could fully account for it. ",What do you think is the matter?" Iwas constrained to ask. " Well, sir, we think it is the smell of the doctor's stuff." "Oh, indeed," I answered, much tickled. "But you are not ill" "No, sir. lit you see, Galt-he is more in the doctor's room. He has been in there a good bit lately, and he is not like the same man." " That reminds me of something," I said. "I left my little silver match-box on the corner of the table in that room this morn ing. Will you fetch it for me before I forget it, Caroline?" While she was about my errand, I, think ing over what she had said, began to see a connection between Galt's oddity, or illness, or whatever it was, and theconsulting-room. I saw a clear conneotion. Still there could not be anything in what the servant said. Doctor's etuff I That was absurd. And it was still more absurd to suppore, though I disliked the room myself, that there could be any malign influence about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet A shrill scream, and the violent closing of a door, cut short my reasoning. I ran out into the hall. The girl was leaning against the wall under the lamp, her hand pressed to her side, her breath coming in gasps. She was on the verge of fainting. Luckily her cry had reached other ears, and the cook came flying from below, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for any cause of fear. caught a glimpse of Gall's pale face peering down at us. " Goodness, Caroline I what is the matter now 7" I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of these exooursions and alarms, and was finding it more and more hard not to Ervrt and glance behind me, as Galt did. " Isaw a faot-a face," she sobbed. "At the window?" I asked eagerly. "No, sir. Over-over the mantelshelf." "The mummy's head. Why, you see that every day I" I cried. "There must have been something else beside that to frighton you?" "There-there was something else," Caro line gasped. "Lor' a mercy I" exclaimed the cook, looking behind her and then at me to sea that I was not leaving them. " What elsa f What els0 1 What else did you see?" I repeated impatiently. Bet, and it was provoking enough to make a saint swear and return violently to his dinner, Caroline would not say. No, though I asked her again and naain, and in the main she was a stout and sensible girl. She had seen something tes beside the head, and that was all she would tell us. I concluded in the end that she was embroidering the matter, and that all she had seen was the mummy's head, upon which, perhaps, the light passing through the open door might have fallen with a new effect. I want back to my dinner; but first I took the lamp and thoroughly searched the con sulting-room. Of course I found nothing, or nothing that should not have been there. The mummy's face smirked upon me un. changed, save that it looked a little more dirty. The preparations in their bottles be. low it were untouched, and in the midst of them the board on which the doctor pinned his cards of invitation stood as fashionably untidy as ever. It, too, would have been the better, where is was not hidden by " fixtures," for a little soap and water. There was nothing new in the room; no thing had been removed or altered. Yet I searched under the table and in the cup. boards. I could not get the face I hbad seen at the window out of my mind. The very features ef the parchment mask above me put on a grotesque likeness to it. But by this time I was in a condition to imagine any. thing. Anything? No, not quite anything. For surely that cry was not fancy, could not he fancy. That short, quick scream, whibch came shooting up the staircase late that night, and pieroed my ears, so thatIdropped the extinguisher and snatlched up the candle sticki That was not fansy. It ws rel, as real as the whits, startled face I saw peering into the looking-glass a moment later. "Hang it all" I muttered hastily. "I cannot stand this. I shall be seeing a ghost next. Is theohouse bewitbhed ?" I ran down ihe stairs, listening as I went. There was silence above and below. I searbedthe loweatflight and halted abruptly. From there I could see the hall, and raising my candle above my head peered downward. Ahl what was it? Who was it ? Step by step I came down until I touohed a prostrate form. Then I set the candle on the stairs, and stooped over it. Thank Heaven, there was no blood It was Galt, and he was alive. With an effort I turned him over, re coiling an instant as a claspknife rolled from his hand. I picked it up, and he sighed. He had merely fainted, then, and pushing themat under his head I rose to my feet, my first fears relieved. I looked round. The dining-room dooer was wide open, that of the conesltingroom was ajar. Without taking up the candle, with scarce a moment's thought. I flung the latter open and stood on the threshold look ing in. I held my breath and shivered, I sonfess, for I saw what he had seen and Caro line had seen : but overcoming the first nervous desire to cry out or flee, I stood looking the thing in the face until all fear was gone. Truly in the face-for it was a face I saw-a luminonus death's head. Eyes, month, and nostrils were black caverns in a pale lmbolt m ik, It wus gla sueught, But taking into aeount its position over the fireplace, a moment's refieetion satisfied me that someone had trickled out the poor mummy's head with luminous paint, and then had written below it on the fixtures board, in letters rough, but clear, "Thief l" Thief I I understand the word, the some thing else which Caroline had seen; but who had written it, or why? Yet it clearly be hoved me to find out. In the nick, and also at the junction of the steel and haft, were some fragments of a thing almost as strange in that house-dry earth. We had no garden at One Haudred and Ninety, except the win dow garden at my elbow; and why should Galt have been digging in the half-barrowfal of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight? Vbhy, indeed I I brought the candles close to the window, and Ee:nned the surface of the scanty eoil which made up our sole garden ground. Surely I was on the track, for on putting aside fair sized ferna I saw that the handful of earth against the base of the bigge2st tone had been lately moved and watered. With the knife I dug out the damp mould. 1 was not a bit surpriead to find that a tiny cavern in or under the stone became vizible. I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I started at sighte of them I How they flashed and glittered in the pale rays of the candle I They were diamonds-a neck lace, pendant and bracelets. They wore in their settings, when the sound of heavy breathing behind me warned me to turn. Our eyes met, Galt's and mine. "Thief I" I said. "Give them to me I" he muttered doggedly, ttrctuhiog out his hand. "Nothing of the kind," I answered. I still held his knife, and there was a moment when I felt glad I had it. The man was a coward, but a coward in a corner is an awk ward thing. I had the knife, however, and did not quail. "Nothing of the kind, you thief I" 1 thundered. "I shall be more likely to give you to the police unless you tell me this moment the whole truth." A knock came to the door. "You will not go," he muttered. "Most certainly I shall," I returned; and passing through the hall opened the door. A man stepped quickly in and removed his hat. He was the man who called to canvas for the directory. "You are Mr. Williams?" he said with a steady look at me. "I am sorry to drop in at a queer hour, but busines is business, and mmine is unpleasant." "Perhaps you will explain what it is," I replied. I had an uneasy presentiment of the truth; and surely enough he answered: "I am a detective, Mr Williams. You have the proceeds of a jewel robbery here, and it is my duty to warn you that everything you say will be given as evidence agaznst you." " That I say I" I cried. " Against me I Me? You are forgetting yourself, manl" Good heavens this was too absurd I And yet-and yet my right hand hidden in my pocket was clasping the jewele-woe full of the stolen property I No wonder that I grew hot all over I "Better take it easy, sir. I have not been lookiog in at that window yonder a dozen times a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant-Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inside there, and searched the room too when he was cleaning the window -when I saw you come down with a light, and your man all of a hear upon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, if you will hand over the stones comfortably and quietly, why it is likely that it will be better for both of you." A groan proceeding from the open door of the consulting room proved that Galt was listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew me asunder. I met the deteetive's Cun. ning eyes, and clenched my fist. I felt the jewels between my fingere, and turned ialk with terror. "Is the servant in there 2" asked the man pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. He made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though the blood flew to my face, and I felt as if the prison warder's hand already cast its shadows upon me. Gait still sathuddled up in his chair, and as I took my place beside him the detective eyed us both witha contempt be did not try to conceal. "Apretty pairyou are I The idea of such as you trying on this game I Why, it is enough to make a dog laugh I" And laugh he did. How I hated him for his vulgar triumph I " Look here," I said; " you will behave yourself properly while you are in my house, my man. You know as well as I do that I am no thief." " You have got tbe plunder," he said, be coming grave again. "And you and your accomplice have it hidden away somewhere for the past fortright. It will be foryou and him taesny how it was come by." Gall looked up, the picture of wretched ness. "I found it in the letter-box one morning," he muttered. "The robbery in bond street was in the papers the same morning." The detective nodded sagely. "I thought so," he answered. "The burg. lars were obhased. One was taken a few yards from here. We found nothing upon him, but he owned up that he had dropped some of the plunder through the letter slit of a houea a few doors away. I spotted this house. And now it will be only a question of receiving goods knowing them to have been stolen. I dareasy that if the things are restored at once that no charge will be made." "Here is the jowellery," I replied hastily. "I only discovered its presence in the honee a few minutes ego. "And your servantl" he asked, as he snatched at the jewels. The beads of perspiration were standing on Galt's brow. Mobead been an honest man before the discovery of that mass of bril liants in the letter-box had corrupted him, " I am quite sure he will tell the truth," 1 said. " i will answer for his appearance. Do you not think you could manage mat. ters'" "I think I oould," he answered slowly. "I think I could square it, and do no wrong to anyone-for a conoideration, sir." 1 mitde a bargain with the officer. He wae to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in. ferred that Gal voluntarily came to him with the stolen property. " Wait for me in the hall,"I said,taking a candle from the table; "I must fetch the money from my bedroom." Gailt and the detective were standing to. gather in the ball, looking at one another as i!l-tempered doge look. "Herein your money," I said. " Now be coreful that you fu'fil your part of tlhe bar gain." Mo pet the notes in his pocket. ' You will hear no more of it,"he raid, emphstieally. Gait muttered his gratitude, while I put a stop to his efeasive thankfulnes. "Go to bed," I said, brusquely, "and do not feel too suro thathe will keep his word." But our midnight visitor did keep to the letter. We have not since heard of him, or of the jewels. As day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in the news papers, no summons arrived in Grosvenor street,the truth began to dawn upon me. I made cautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two man had been convioted of the robbery, but the diamonds had never been found, and their disappearance have be come a standing mystery. "There are more of the gang about," said the inspector. " We have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but we canprovenothing; and we scannot see how the men who were in it could havepassed the plunderto them." I can eeeo very well how it was donc-very well, and how any little expenses attending the process were paid; but 1 am shy and nervous. I blush, it is true, as I pass a ce.?r· tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, bisti. ke.pi owo ooana1. 8o doQQslt, ·- " 