TIHE EVENIN?i SERVICE. Sermon by the Primate. At half.past 7 o'clock in the evening a full choral service was held in the Pro-Outhedral, which was crowded to the doors with one of the largest congregations yet seen in the building. All the clergy present were robed, and a processaion was formed, as during the mornino. The service was conducted by the Rev. 8. C. J. Grime and the Rev. Canon White, and was a most imposing one. The choir, under Mr. A. J. Babor, sang a very beautiful anthem, taken from the 16th chapter of St. Paul to the Romans, com* menucing "How Lovely are the Messengers !" The organ accompaniment was very well rendered by Mr Edward Bach*.ing. The PIRiATB delivered the sermon, and it was certainly a most impressive one. It was taken from the 15th chapter of St. John, 12th, 13th, and 14th verses. He said: We have just celebrated the wonderful fact of the ascension of Jesus the Christ into heaven. We are about to commemorate the wonderful outpouring of "power from'on high" upon the little band of disciples who had tarried at Jerusalem, waiting and praying for "the promise of the Father," of which their Lord had assured them. I have, there fore, chosen for my text words of ,Christ which connect the thought of the ascension with the work of the church, and imply the gift of the spirit of God as a response to Christian prayer, and as a supply of strength for every believing disciple of Christ. T'ho topic of the church's work and the church's strength is an appropriate one for the occa sion on which we have met together to-day. After a long period of suspense, of tarrying, of (I doubt not) praying, the church in this diocese has been enabled to choeose, and has now welcomed its Bishop; and the synod commences its session with its ecclesiastical framework complete. Do we not do well to remember that all ministries of the church are the gift of our Ascended Lord; that all the work done in, and through, the church on earth is the continuation and expansion of what Christ " began to do and teach "; and that this work is only made possible, made powerful, made fruitful, by the spirit of truth whow the Father sends in Christ's came - i.e., through Christ as the One Msediator who has linked earth to heaven, and in His own person has so bound up prayer with promise that divine strength is made perfect in human weakness for all who will believe in Him, and so" go to the Father in Him. We are encouraged to pray in Christ's name, pleading all that Jesus has done and promised; God answers in Christ's name, and the Father is glorified in the Son. The work of the church is the expansion of Christ's ministry and mission, and the ap pointed exposition of it. It is the conse quence and result of the ascension. Jesus on earth, the prophet from Nazareth in Galilee,t was a teacher, who did wondrous works, and made great claims, and attracted much notice, but in a comparatively confined area, and seemingly limited rango of influence. His mission appeared to be ignominiously finished and effectually frustrated by the death, as a criminal, upon the cross. But the ascended Jesus, risen from the dead, and exalted to God's right hand, continues in, and through, His church the work begun in that short ministry on earth. " Greater things" aro done through the growing body of believing disciples than were done by the Master Him self. The seed He sowed grows; the leaven He infused works; the little band of despised disciples becomes a Catholic Church; the teaching of Jesus of Nazareth becomes a world-widogospel; the Galilean peasant comes to lbe recognised as the exalted Prince and Saviour. The work of Christ's Church more or loss effectively represented and realised in different particular or local churches, and in the individual efforts of every believing disciple, is the exposition of Christ's reveal ing, redemptive, restorative message from God above. Through the church is to be made known the knowledge of God, as brought near in Christ Jesus; through the church is to be made known "the Word of the Cross," the good news of reconciling and pardoning love; through the church is to be held out a glorious hope for human society, "The Gospol of the Kingdom." The mere worldly view of life is godless and hopeless. Pessimism is the logical outcome of it. But the Christian view of life-that philosophy of life, which it is the very function of Christ's Church in the world, to inculcate, to cultivate, to maintain-is a hopeful view, in spite of the sins, and corrows, and suffer ings of men, because it is God's own view, revealed in Christ. The "great things" which Christ set on foot in his earthly ministry were intended to ripen into, and have ripened into, the "greater things" which so far transcend uall that was then commenced by Him, or expected by those who followed Him, in the days of His humiliation. All that is most lofty in our standard of morals, all that is most lovely and pure, and peaceful in our religious aspirations, all that tends to deepen philanthropy, end to extend justice, is from Christ; and the building up of the mystical body of Christ, which is the blessed company of all faithful people, is the very salvation of the world. Yes, the church's work is an expansion of divine blessing, an exposition of divine truth, an exhibition of divine hope. But, how is this work to be done ? What is the church's strength ? Who is sufficient for this work ? How are we to stem the tide of corruption and moral evil which, in spite of all the knowledge of God that has been given in Christ, is yet so strong, and manifests such startling results even in professedly Christian places, and Christian persons? How shall we make headway amid the conflicting cur rents of opinion, and the varied blasts of vain doctrine that surge and bluster around us, as we try to steer the right course for the haven of high and holy desire? Or, to' change from thought of conflict to thought of construction, how are we to convert the evil into good? How consolidate the spiritual temple? How establish the spiritual kingdom ? Christ's promise to his believing disciples gives the answer. He who calls the Church to work, assures the Church of strength. Prayer, in His name, brings to us every blessing that we need; and all needed blessings are summed up in the gift of the Holy Ghost. "Ye shall res ceive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and yo shall be witnesses unto me." This divine power, which is coincident with the promised divine presence " of Christ with his people, is assured to the Church in its collective capacity, and to every genuine member of it. And, all through the history of Christian churches, the Church of Christ has never failed to be a witness for the truth, and a vehicle of blessing, All the churches, indeed, have in some re spootls failed; and no one of them casbhoat of a monopoly of truth, or of a record of perfection. But the duty of every par. ticular church is to correct itself again and again by recurrence to Christ, and to aim at more and more conformity with the ideal hold out in Holy Writ, as that which God purposes to realize. So only shall the many mistakes which have been made, and the barriers which have been raised between one and another section of the Catholio Church be gradually remedied and removed, and the world become better as Christians become more truly united. Meanwhile, we, as loyal members of a particular church in this land, connected with that 'National Church of England, whose remarkable history attaches itself to the whole development of Chris tianity in the mother country, have our special duties, responsibilities, anjl hopes. In our organization, whether we think of the synod, or. of the parish, of the province, • or of the diocese, there 's a grand framework . for the distribution and combination of Christian labour in a useful and orderly method, however much local exigencies or defects may for the present prevent us from the full advantages of the scheme laid down. In our doctrinal position, we are at once Catholic and Protestant, in the beet souense of those much-ueed and much-abused terms. In the comprehensiveness which belongs to our church, in consequence of its historical development, and its connection with national growth, we have freedom, and a variety, whidh, although not without an element of danger to the stability of doctrinal precision, are certainly advantageous to the social range and extension of church work. My brothren, I ask you to-day to pray for grace and wisdom, tlhat you here, and all members of our church elsewhere, may rightly and heartily use the great oppor tunities thus p?laced in our hands. Pray, pleading this promise of Christ. Pray for special outpouring of the Spirit of God. He can alone vitaliso the administration of our Church system; He alone can keep us in the true faith; 1o alone can harmonize diversities of gifts, working in each disciple severally as He will; and fitting together the varieties of opinion and feeling in one holy resultant of loving, living, work for Gtod's glory and man's good. I have spoken of the Church's work, and the Church's strength. This work, recollect, enters into all developments of human history, and into all departments of human activity. The work of the church, sustained by prayer to God our Father through Christ, for His guiding and energizing spirit, has been, and must be, increasing benefit to the world. Whatever abnormal growth oE wickedness and opposition to the truth there may be (and Christ's solemn question, "( When the Sonof Man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth ?' suggests an awful mys tery of unbelief !), Christ's Body, the Church, is being builded up, "until we all come into the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, into the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." The existence, the growth, the oex pansion of Obrist's Church have an intimate connexion with all social problems, social conflicts, and endoeavours to produce social harmony. In proportion as christian principles prevail, purity and peace and jus tice, and brotherly kindness will gain the up. per hand, and prepare for the good time coming. Whilst, however, we speak ofthe church collectively, we must never forget that its work, its witness, its warfare, its vic tory, depend, under God, upon the faithful nessof idividual members. " He that be lieveth" is to be noticed, as well as "Ye shall ask. Ye shall be witnesses." The pro mise to each is connected with the duty of all. "He that believoeth on mo" shall do great things. What a call to individual faith! What a comfort in individual effort! Permit me, in conclusion, as having taken part in the interesting ceremony of to-day, to express the hope which lI entertain concerning this diocese, in entering upon a new phase of administration. You have had here-and are, I am sure, thankful to have had as administrator of the diocese, a man of ability, diligence, and earnest conscientiousness-but he, and all of you rejoice that the long delay which, in the inscrutable Providence of God, has been allowed to take place between the departure, for sad reasons, of your late Bishop, and the arrival of his successor, is now over. You have chosen for yourselves, as the chief pastor of the diocese, a man of God, tried and approved in Christ; one who has been enabled to work for many years in trying and arduous circumstances, with no litt!e success. I will not praise him in any artificial eulogy. It is what I could not ro, and what he would not wish. But I commend him to-day to your prayerful sympathy, and ask for him, at your hands, loyal, patient, un grudging co-operation. .My trust is that, God helping him and you, he may be enabled toinfuse fresh lifo, and vigour, and enthu siasm into all the departments of church workin this diocese. Yet remember, I pray you, that a Bishop is only one man, and that whilst you rejoice in his coming among you, to take up the work of chief pastor, he can not do that work with thorough success, un less each of you, in the faithful and prayer ful relation to Ohriet, of which my toet speaks, does his individual share of the work committed to the whole church. The clergy and laity alike it appertains to wit. ness and work for Christ. In our synod hero clergy and laity assemble together, dia cuss together, decide together after discussion held. It is well that it should be so. I re joice in the combination. The idea that a clergyman is all spiritual, and a layman all secular, is a false and foolish idea. God blend us all more closely in a true communion of responsibility, and effort of love and hope. And to you, my dear brother, who have come to this diocese to take up opiscopal work in very different circumstances from those in the diocese which you have left, what shall I say? Simply this: That I greet you as coming into the province of which, in God's providence, I am the Metropolitan Bishop, and that I wish you heartily God-speed in the new sphere of labour to which you have been called. You will have, in one way, a less laborious post; but you will have new difloulties and anxieties to face. You know already much of the burden which a bishop has to bear; you know, also, I am well assured, much of the strength which, Sthrough prayer in Christ's name, comes down from the ascended Lord to His servants upon earth. May the spirit of truth, and holiness, and comfort, and wisdom abide upon you, inspiring you with good desires, and right judgment; and may He strengthen you, in all patience of love and hopefulnesse, to discharge the high duties of your office, faithfully unto the end !" 