THE EEV. CHAELES CLAEK. Centenary Hall, York-street, was crowded last evening by an audience that conspicuously mani fested intelligence and gentle breeding. The occasion was the inception of a six nights' season by the celebrated lecturer, the Eev. Charles Clark. He opened with Dickens's 'Christmas Carol,' and never were the beauties which the great novelist embodied in his charming atory put before an audience with such artistic and dramatic effect, as was the case last evening. Mr. Clark took his audience into the sombre, ghostly appartments of the miserly old stockbroker, Ebe nezer Screoge, heir and executor of Jacob Marley — whom lie pictured as the ' squeezing, covetous old hunks, sharp and hard, as a flint.' The introduction of the three Christmas ghosts — ?'? Past,' 'Present,' and ' To Come,' next ensued, and 'was put with such force and tendernsss by the music of Mr. Clark's oratory, that he had his audience straggling with tears and laughter by turns. Scrooge, who in the commence ment ' lived loving no c-ns, and by none beloved,' was, through the gentle teachings of the visions wholly changed in nature. This feature was powerfully illustrated by the lecturer. The portion of the story which gives us Scrooge, 'the benevo lent, * charitable, and cheerful old man, loving all, and by all beloved,' was listened to with breathless attention, and in most cases occasioned tearful eyes. As the story un folded itself we eaw the poor, but loving, home of ?Bob Cratchit (Scrooge's clerk), who kept nine people on 15s a week, without one word, of complaint, but hundreds . of encouragement. Here, too, was shown t!.*-e little Benjamin of the ' Cratchit family — Tiny ;Tim, the baby cripple, who in the end became the special care of old Ebenezer. The happy &eside; of Ebenezer's nephew, and \- the doings of '.the plump girl with the lace tucker' and Aer : roguish lover, who cheats at blindman's buff, put .everybody into uncontrol lable bursts of laughter. ? JMx- Clark, whb'.waa cheered at intervals during the lecture, was accorded an ovation at its con clusion. ; v 'Thackeryaad the Great Snob Family'1 will be treated by Mr. Clark to-night. Bondi. — One continuous stream of visitors flowed into the Bondi Aquarium yesterday from \- early morning until the afternoon ; and when the hour of return had been reached, an examination of the turnstiles showed that nearly 10,000 had passed through them., injfact, Mr. Wyburd said, ; ? 'with onlyWe exception it was the largest crowd he had ever seen there. The holiday programmeshere are always of the best, and yesterday was no ex \- ception to the rule.- It began at 10 in the morn ing and terminated shortly after 10 at night. It included wire-walking by Mr. Harry Fairfield, who was followed by Miss Phoebe Levy, who was found not to have forgotten any of her old tricks on the skates. The lawn stage was next occupied by the Misses Lucy Fraser, -Addle Diamond, and Lillie M4 Arthur, Messrs. Johnny Cowan, Martyn Hagan, George and Joe Brailey, W. Wesley, W.1 Connelly, and H. Carlton, who went through a good olio. Many other items followed, making the time pass in a very happy way. The evening programme brought out other faces besides those mentioned,- Miss Lizzie Hastings being prominent among them, while Miss Florrie Wallace, Miss Euby Warren, Miss Ettie Diamond, were the other additions. Taken altogether, a better holiday could not have been spent any where than at Mr. Wyburd's Bondi Temple. Spoets at Eosehill. — A very good programme was arranged by Mr. H. V. Mumford, sports secretary, and Mr. D. C. Bennell, general aeore retarv, for the sports gathering held by the united friendly societies of the Granville district in aid of the local Cottage Hospital. There was not so large an attendance as could have been wished, but., everything paased off satisfactorily. The following are the results of the sports: Sheffield Handicap, 150yds : E. Allan, 36yds, 1, silver cup, value JBlo; F. Ayre. 30i 2, trophy valued M ; A. J. Hagan, 32, 3, trophy value .£1. Juvenile Handicap, boys under 1-4 : A. Eutter 1, S. Delaney 2. Girls' Race : C. Epps 1, E Barber 9\. Old 'Riiffors' fiaee : J. Veness 1, T. Epps 2. Members' Hurdle Eace, 150yds : A. J. Hogan, 20yds, 1; F. Wynn, 30, 2; H. Lord, 30, 3. Members' Handicap, 150yds : H. Lord, 48yds, 1 ; A. J. Hogan, 40, 2 ; Arundell, 43, 8. Married Ladies' Bace : Mrs. Gordon 1, Mrs. Downes 2, Mrs. Dalton 3. Pork Eace : G. Smith 1. Harbor Concerts. — Mr. Arthur Gordon, the energetic promoter of these concerts, gave two more yesterday — afternoon and evening — there being a large attendance on both occasions, con sidering the many counter attractions. The after noon's programme took the part of a minstrel entertainment, the corner men being Messrs. Arthur Gordon and Dick Davis, who kept the audience amused. Mr. Whitworth discharged the duties of interlocutor satisfactorily. The following ladies and gentlemen also contri buted : Mr. O'Grady, and Misses Pattie Bavin, and Emmie Morrison. A pleasant return was made about 6 p.m. Before the evening's entertainment commenced Mr. Arthur Gordon said a few words about a little incident that occurred before the boat left the Quay, when a man fell into the water, and was pluckily rescued by Mr. George Wynn, who jumped from the steamer to his aid. This, said Mr. Gordon, had debarred them from hearing Mr. Harry Eickards, as he had taken Mr. Wynn home to Bondi. The entertainment was opened by an overture on the piano by Mr. Somers, after which the follow gramme : Misses Emmie Morrison, Blanche Montague, Pattie Bavin, Messrs. J. S. Whitworth, Dick Davis, Arthur Gordon, and Steve Adson, the lastnamed bringing the programme to a close in the absence of Mr. Eickards. A return to town was made about 10 p.m., everybody well satisfied with the evening's enjoyment. The Zoo. — The Zoological Gardens yesterday were patronised by a very large number of holiday seekers, 2197 adults and 1668 children passing through the turnstiles. The elephant Jumbo was in m-aa* rlnmaTiH. and was kent trottinff to and fro the whole afternoon by the youngsters, who were eager for a ride. The lions, tigers, monkeys, and the birds all in turn were visited and their habits watched with the greatest interest. Not the least among the many attractions was the Soudan donkey, which, by its apparent unwillingness to be ridden, created much mirth among the boy aspirants who appeared determined to mount even if they were thrown again and again. Eegret was expressed on all sides at the loss of the lion, Garfield, which died a few days ago from the effects of a cold. Towards 6 o'clock the grounds were cleared, everybody having spent a most enjoyable after noon. Jttvenile Exhibition. — The National Juvenile Exhibition and Fancy Fair was extensively pat ronised both in the daytime and in the evening. The numerous exhibits are worthy of attention, and much time was^pent in the examination, some of them being real works of art. There was a splendid concert in the evening, which opened with an overture by a goed band, followed by a baritone selection rendered by Mr. Alfred Smith. Miss Edward Deane gave ' Sing, Sweet Bird.' Mr. Elvers Lloyd, the English tenor, sang in a bold manner 'My Queen.' Madame and Herr Eaimond Pechotsch also contributed with snecess, and Signora Fabris, accompanied by a number of guitars, rendered a beautiful Spanish song. The same artistes reappeared in the second half of the entertainment with other songs, &c.; Everything was under the directorship of Mr. E. Lewis Scott, while Mrs. E. W. Woodgate accompanied the vocalists on the pianoforte. The Alhambra Music Hall was packed from floor to ceiling on Easter Monday ni^ht, when a grand programme of minstrelsy, olio, and farce was given. The new artists, who made their ap pearance last week, have been eminently suc cessful, and, taken together with the old favorites, form perhaps the strongest company in that line that has ever appeared in Sydney. In the min strelsy Messrs. King, Tous. r-r-J, Downes, Johnston, Misses Dawson, Ocl maj., and Her bert rendered some charming ballads in good style ; while Miss Priscilla Verne appeared to advantage in a serio-comic medley. Messrs. Hugo, Eockley, Sadler, and Delowery presided on the corners, and it is need less to say kept the audience amused with their comic songs. The 'gag' business has been wisely omitted as the time taken in cracking stale ?jokes can be better employed. The Connor \ Brothers opened the olio with their clever acro batic feats, and were followed by the Alhambra Quintette, who sang ' My Queen' in good time and tune. The Australian Team (Delowery, j Craydon, and Holland)e created a fund of amusement with their song and dance sketch, ' M'Ginty's Troubles.' Miss Priscilla Verne sang ' I'm G«tting a Big Girl Now' and ' Sweet Little Boys,' and -was well received. Eockley and Sadler amused the audience with^heir black face song and dance, ' Flirtations,' and the Blair Sisters looked charming in their neat? songs and dances, 'Two Broken Hearts' and 'In the Shady Glade,' and sang and danced divinely. Mr. Harry Hastings did justice to his dramatic songs, ' My Love' and ' Just a Little.' An amusing farce, ' Un Coup de Eazer,' concluded the bill. ' The Easter season at the Cyclorama has been most successful, the attendance on Good Friday, Saturday, and Monday being very large. In addition to the 'ordinary attractions special songs and recitations were given. The organ as usual was wresided over by Mr. Hudson, and the band, conducted by Mr. Waddington, gave as it always does great satisfaction. So far as the lecturing goes — and it goes without paying — it was interesting and instructive in the hands of the popular manager, Mr. Beres ford, who, though occupying the platform some 10 times on Easter Monday, had always some thing fresh to telL The scene was very animated on the lawn, the people thoroughly enjoying themselves while waiting £heir turn to get into the already packed building. The fireworks were a new feature, the band on the lawn was a new feature, the extraordinary rush of YJgitors was a new feature, the cyclorama refreshment rooms a new feature; in fact, the whole show seems to be a new feature every time one sees it, and the public evidently believe it, and prove their belief by thronging in to visit. The management have certainly to be congratulated on doing all they can to please the public. Mr. Larmour was busily employed at Coogee Aquarium yesterday in making everything com fortable for his numerous visitors. A number of outdoor sports .were provided, and the marble swimming baths were taken advantage of ; while the performing seals, -&c.;, . afforded a fund of amusement for the children. A grand concert was given in theprettypayilion,tiieparticipatingartists being Misses Carey, Mortyne (2), Messrs. Spen cer, BoviSj St. George, Braham, and James. A large crowd assembled at the Sir Joseph Banks Grounds, Botany, yesterday, where Mr. Frank Smith had prepared everything for the reception of visitors. After the beauties of the grounds had been, admired, a number of those in attendance betook themselves to the large pavilion, where dancing was indulged in to the strains of the Alhambra String Band. The get- back railway plied all day, and other amusements were provided for the juveniles. The proceedings terminated with a grand variety entertainment, which was given by the artists of the Alhambra, Music HalL The H.E.N.S.N. Co.'s splendid steamer Mait land made an excursion trip to the Hawkesbury yesterday (Easter Monday), and a large number of holiday seeders availed themselves of the opportunity, there being scarcely standing room on board. The boat cast off from Mr. John See's wharf at 10 o'clock, and reached its destination. (Newport) about 3 hours later. The trip up was very enjoyable, but owing to the heavy swell many ot the passengers suffered greatly from sea sickness, and to these the sight of the Hawkes bnry's smooth waters was indeed a consolation. The passengers were landed at Newport, a very remote little place on an arm of the Hawkesbury, some six miles from its mouth. A capital lunch was provided on board, but many had brought their provisions with them, and enjoyed the novelty of 'boiling their billy' ashore. Luncheon being over various kinds of amusements were indulged in. The wild flowers, ferns, and bush scenery were centres of attraction to many ; others took advantage of the swings, swimming baths, &c.;, which had been provided for their amusement, while there were also a few followers of Izaak Wal ton. At about 4 ©'clock the company bade farewell to Newport, with all its natural charms, and the home journey was begun. Music, provided by an evcellent band and by various accordeons, and singing by vocalists of both seres, were kept up during the greater portion of the journey. SJensi^lmfiss sfiizfid nnon a few of the passeneers on the way, but Manly Beach was soon sighted, and at about a * quarter to 7 home was reached, after all had spent a very pleasant day's outing. The usual holiday picnic ef the Hibernian Aus tralasian Catholic Benefit Society at Chowder Bay was largely attended on Easter Monday. Dancing to the strains of an efficient band was kept up all day in tke large pavilion, and a capital programme of sports was prepared by the secre taries (Messrs. Kelly and O'Loughlin). _ Good order prevailed throughout, and the excursionists returned to town at dusk pleased with their day's outing. . ? ________?. 