Iftovelist. In'tee's CrucMe. By BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER I. THE GHOST Ob' THE PAST. For fifteen long years HarileJgli Hall had held its' doom shut to friends and strangers alike; for fifteen long years a shadow had hovered over it, and iho gloom of a dead past had tilled it. Tho silence of a hurled life had brooded there, and the people had learned to shun it. And now, of u sudden, tho doors had been thrown open, and life and gaiety, beauty nod fashion thronged its erstwhile gloomy chambers, lively window gleamed joyously with tho warm blaze, and sole, melting strains of music mingled with the hum uf tweet voices and tho rustic of j silks and satins ; and whito shouldors gleamed, i and blight eyes flashed with Cupid’s artillery, and hearts were lost and won. And tho lawns and drives were gay with many coloured lamps, and alive with liveried servants; and tho pebbled driveway crunched under springing hoofs and | grinding wheels. And tho gloom and silence of Hartleigh Hull were driven away. < Some 'there were there who had known tho Mad Hick llartleigh of twenty-two years agonc, and , these were curious to seo tho charges time aud sorrow had wrought iti tho man whoso wild exploits had set the sober world a gog. Aud others there were to whom ] ho was only a name, and they looked to 1 seo what manner of man this was who had started life with almost an unlimited wealth and a title that went hack nearly a thousand years; who had in his youth startled England with his caprices, and who had lived a miserly recluse for tifoeen years only to end by opening his magnificent mansion to feasting and mirth. And when they entered the drawing room, what did they seo ? They saw a tall, thin man, of per haps tiftv-five years of age, with a clean-cut patri cian face, distinguished by tho Ilarileigli grey blue eyes and well-formed mouth—a thorough specimen of old English nobility, who greeted his guests and welcomed them with a courtliness which smacked cf the manners of tho old world that had known him as Mad Dick Hartleigh. Ho was not a whit embarrassed ; he did not explain why tho hall had been closed to them for so many years, but bore himself with the wv 11-bred case of the man wbois aware of nothing extraordinary in what ho is doing ; and with polished ease leaned one white, thin hand upon tho arm of his nephew, Guy liartloigh, as he went about introducing the young man and doing tho honors of tho even Heir as ho was to tho title and estates, Guy was even less known thau Sirltichard, though his boy hood, too, had been spent near tho Hall; but since his boyhood he had visited the Hall only at ! stated intervals, and for a brief period at thoso ! times. His relatione to tho old man had been of j the coldest and most formal kind, never reaching ! the length of affection, and always constrained. , To him tho Hall had ever been an awesome place, j and no one of the gay throng was more surprised i than he to see the old place radiant with light and j joyous with mirth and music. | Guy was a Hartlcigh.' Everybody saw that at j a glunc:. Ho had in full measure all tho qualities ! for v.hieh his race had been famous. Tall, stal* | v.ar', erect, and bold of b?aring as one of tho aneh-nl Vikings, he was yet a patrician from tho tawny hair of his brad to tho well-shaped feet which he u*cd gracefully in tho mazy wind ings if iho uai v„ Aud for all the strangeness of the gathering, ho did not fail to enter into tho enjoyment of it with all the ze6t and ardour of The ball was a success, so everybody agreed. It was threatened to be stiff; but, ns tho little Lady Gladys Vyncr said, who could resist the infectious gaiety of Guy liartloigh ? Nobody, apparently, for after the first feeling of wonderment at finding themselves in a house which most of them had come to look upon as a tomb they one and all abandoned th tinsel ves to the enjoyment cf tho occasion, and made tho walls ring again with their joyous mirth. i it was three o,clock before tho last guest left tho Hall; and then tho tired servants hastened to extinguish the lights on tho lawn and in tho house, so that before Guy had returned, after put ting pretty Lady Gladys into her carriage, ho found himself, with something of the old boyish shudder, in tlio Game gloomy Hall of tho past. His undo, too, had disappeared , and Guy, with a shrug of I113 broad shoulders, told himself that, after tho ono gladdening glimpse of joyous life, the old cheerless life was to bo taken iip again. And if that were so, what was to bocomo of him? Ho would not consent to bury himself there, as his uncle had done. lie would return to the con tinent rather than that ? and with this thought in liis mind, he turned from the drawing*room and made his way to the library, where ho could have a last GUioko brforo retiring. A lamp was still burning in the library, and lie was about to light his cigar when a i:oice in the adjoining room attracted his attention, and he turned bis hoftd to | Is that you, Gay ?* demanded a voice. It was his uncle who lnd spoken. The room was dark, and Guy wondered what the old man was doing there at such a time. It was a sort of dis connected picture-gallery, and was used for tho protraits of the late generations of the Hart highs. * Come in here, Gay; I would like to say a few words to you, if you aro not too tired to talk with 1 Not at all. I was going to sit up and smoke a cigar beforo going to bed/ 'firingyour cigirm hero; and if there is a candle, there, bring that, too.' Guy lighted his cigar, and lifting the lamp car ried it into tho gallery. IIis uncle sat in a great arm-chair, with a weary wistful expression In his usually stern impassivo face. Ho motioned Guy to a chair, and after a pause, which Guy occupied in idly puffing the cigar smoko in circles from him, Sir Itichard asked, abruptly, but not unkindly: ‘ Do you know why I gave this ball to-night, Guy ?' ‘ I understood it was to introduce me.’ ' But you are three years pass your majority. Why should I wish to introduce you now, more thau three years ago, at the ago when such things uro commonly done—can you guess?' ‘ No, sir, though I have tried to do so.’ * You aro heir to tho tltlo and tho estato, hut except at my will you could never have en joyed n. penny of your inheritance until my * I know that, sir, and I am very grate ful—’ ‘It is r.ot for that tliat I speak tow. Listen. The estate is a good one, and, by my will or not, you will at my death bo in possession of a fair in come ; but there is an immense foituue, part of which I inherited and more of winch 1 have ac cumulated, which can bo disposed of according to my own wish. I bare had yon educated, and I have always provided for yon with the ono idea of leaving to you this wealth, which has never dono mo any good.' .. Guy murmured something in the nature of thanks for this promised munificen.co; his uncle, however, took no notice of his words, but, as if ho had not heard them, went on : ' I have watched yon carrfullv, and I havo so much confidence in you that 1 do not now hesi tate to ask of you what with another I would makt^ a condition of the bestowal of this • I am.glad it is a reguest rather than a condi tion,’ said Guy, with quick pride. * You would havo resented the condition, per haps even refused it?' queried Sir liichard, with an anxiety he made no effort to con ‘ I am a Uartleigh ?’ was the proud au * 13ut the request?' ‘ Is acceded to without hesitation. I make no reservation, for I know it ia as little likely that you would ask, as that I would grant, anything that could not he done with honor.’ ‘ It is true; but you must know the request be fore you grant it.' Sir Richard let his head fill npon his hand as ho said this, and for several minutes did not open his lips. There was so little of the old familiar sternness, and there was so much of repressed sorrow in his uncle’s tone and manner, that Guy felt a new sentiment coming to life in his generous young heart. It seemed to him that in place of the hard, rcpellaiit old man he had accustomed himself to seoiu his uncle, thero was ono who needed his affection and support. IIo put his handout with a frank, generous gesture, charac teristic of him, and would have spoken ; but tli» older man seemed to comprehend, for he looked up with a smile as sad as it vras rare on his face and taking the band in hotli of his for a moment’ guvo it a gentle pressure, which seemed to say; • I know what you would say, and I thank-you. Then he dtoppi.d it, and rising pair fully to his feet, said, brokenly: * Guy, you have known me a silent, unlovely man. A miser, some have called me; a misan thrope, others. 1 have been neither, but a suffer ing, sclf*condearned wretch. The cause you si a‘l know.’ He drew a tiny key from hio pocket, ar.d ap proaching what looked like a largo cabinet resting against the wall, inserted the key and unlocked it, The doors Swung open, and there was revealed to Guy’s astonished eyes the portrait of a sur passingly beautiful woman. Many times had Guy stopped wondeiingly b.fore this seeming cabinet, but never had Hu suspected what it really was. Ho turned to Sir ltichard with a look of inquiry. ‘ My wife,’ wero the only words he spoke, ami then turned away with such a loo); of agony on his fare that Guy's kind heart went out to He would have gone to his side and given him that silent sympathy wliiclr men like, but ho folfc that it-w’ould be wiser m»t; so ha stood looking up at the lovely face, which f.cemid to lo smiling down at him, in a trustful, tender way that ta spoko his confidence, in rpite c-f the story ho vaguely remem tiered to have heard cf her. By and byhis uncle returned to his side, and asked him, softly : b O -i * Could you believe her to be false?’ * No,’ answered Guy, in his fearless way. * Sit down. Twenty vrars ago to-uay 1 married Constance Faultier. Shu was young, and as you see, rarely beautiful. 1 loved her, and 1 bc-Hcved she loved me. And when 1 say ‘love,’ 1 mean all tho word can mean. Adoration, worship, devo tion. 1 bad been, as you no doubt have board, wild as few men are. Mad Dick Hartleigh T he said with a sigh. 4 The namo tells tho story. But after my marriago 1 was as faithful and true as 1 had been unstable and wild before. Two years after cur marriago a child was bora to us— a girl. Wo were very happy. So happy that for five years wo shut ourselves from tho world, con tent with each other; but then I one day met an old friend, ono 1 had loved as Damon loved j Pythias. I invited him to tho Hall, to renew tho ; friendship of the old days. Ono day 1 returned unexpectedly, to find him at tho feet of my wife, speaking words of love to her. Ho slept not agaiu in this house.” Tho old man lowered his voice. ‘Ho wont with mo to Franco, and there 1 left him dead. When 1 returned to my homo, my wifo was gone—my wifo and my child/ Tho prematurely gray head dropped on tho thin white hand, and the silence of anguish and despair fell upon him. Guy said not a word, hut his broad chest rosa and fell, and his eyes filled with a sympathetic moisture that did him honor. All the reserve and tho coolness of the past melted away, and the young heart and tho old throbbed to gether. Presently tho old man looked up with a pathetic smile, and continued: ‘ 1 did not seek to bring her back. 1 doubted even that tho child was mine. 1 asked no ques tions ; 1 would not even look upon tho things that were hers. 1 shut up the Hall and went abroad. Five years later 1 came back here, my heart hardened and full of scorn for myself. 1 went through tho rooms, scoffing at myself, lo see them just as she left them. 1 went even to her chamber and tossed ever the dust-covered articles on her toilet-table, try ing to make myself believe 1 did net care. And niv heart was crying out all tho timo ! Guy/ his voice sank to a low whisper, ‘as I turned over tho laces and jewels that lay there I caino upon a yellow, time-stained envelope addressed to me. It wa3 in her writing. I tore it open; I know not what I thought to find in it; but, oh, Great Heaven ! it showed her to me as white and spot less as the angels themselves. She,who had gone away in her innocence, knowing my furious anger and unreasoning passion, bad left that letter, hoping tnat X would road it and follow her for her forgiveness. I sought her then,.but, alas l it was , too late. I hired detectives to search for Her, and for yeais they searched in vain; but at lasttheyJ came upon her and her child in America. But just as they wero about to communicato with her she unaccountably disappeared. Then again they Eearched, and again found her, only to be bafiled in the sama way. Tinas and again thesnmo thing happened, until it seemed to me that she must be trying to cludo me. I did not daro go seek her myself, fearing, I know not why, that if I did some dire misfortuno would befal her and tho child. Nowsho is dead/ G O -> Ho arose and paced the floor, not, however, with tho assured step Guy had been so accus tomed to see, but feebly and totteringlv. But it calmed him, and in a few minutes he resumed his seat and took up tho story again : * The child is found, a young woman now ; and it only remains to bring her home. Home, Guy! I dare not go, and every day I fear to receive a telegram saying that she, too, has disappeared \ruy*8 handsome faco lighted up, and he spoke ‘ You will let mo go for her? If sho disap pears og3in, I will trace her. t will find her and bring her to you. That is what you would ask, is it not? It is what 1 would do. Tell mo what vou know of her whereabouts. Where is she But it is much to ask of It is nothing. I can he quits ready by to morrow. Wo will not delay a moment more than is necessary. I am not only willing, X am erger ‘But, Guy, there is more to be said/ - ‘More? What is it?' asked Guy, uneasily, for there was a strange expression in Sir lUcIiard’s 1 Can you picture what my child mast be,having led tho life she 1ms V * But what does it matter ? She i* year daugh ter and my cousin. You doubt how I will receive one who is, perchanco, ignorant and unconth? Doubt no longer. She is the victim of an injustice, and I as well as you will do what is in me to rec tify it.’ ' . ‘ Ah, Guy; as noble os a Hartleighl it applies to you as it never did to me. But have you con sidered—have you thought—do you ■*-. * You hesitate. Tell mo, without reserve, what is in your mind.* 1 Guy, there is bat one way to place my daugh ter right before the world/ 1 And that is V 1 By her marriage with one who is her social ^Gay looked down as if studying the full mean ing of the words, and then looked up with a frank smile, and putting both hands out to his uncle, 41 understand you. This is the request, that I marry your daughter?’ ‘I noticed your attentions to Lady Gladys to *^She is pretty, and I was attracted; but it might never have gone any farther. At least ifc shall not. I will find your daughter, and. if suo will have me, will make her my wife. And,uncle, I do it with a cheerful heart and •without one nus* ‘Heaven bless you, Guy ! I do not deserve ini* from you/ 