, PRETTY MISB HEVILLE. BY- B, M. OEOKEE. CHAPTEE XXXI. (Continued.) v-; ?-, % . COLONEL KEITHJS LITTLE TEA. ''With every minute do you change your mind, And call him uoble that was once your hate. Coriolanus. About seven miles horn Mulls apore, in the middle of d vast undulating plain, are the s?e nains o£ an Qncienfc, long-de sorted city ; the walls, no (7 partly overgrown with moss and grass, coves: an areo o£ no leea than five milea in oircutniceEonce ; the deep mo&t;^is pattare for herds of opotted deoE and block Duek, end so ia the wbolo intorior, oovo uhoro hero end thoro mins reosmbliDg mosquoos tombs, bnwacka, and aaaedacto, faava not vet ei'umblod to the ground, and still stand oi'ect, gs'ay- decrepit, nnd moss grown. No rocoEdo did thio mined city locve. I£ it ever poooesQed foaao, it is entirely foe gotten ; it ia so absolutely unknown, so com pletely deod to tho world, that it is now name less. Neav ons o£ tho old entronceo wo found Colonel Keith'a gharry, and the 6 Gander/ un harnessed nnd grazing, ao became bio name. Wo ?od© inside the \7id0 ©Ecloaure, which yeally differed bat oiightly from the ansrounding plains, and piloted by oui1 oyces, mode for the sequestered opot where wo were to havo tec. Colonel Keith hofi selected tho interior of: a xnassive-looking tower, which commanded a fine view, but had to be sealed in a manner that would have taxed the energies o£ any ordinary goat. Nevertheless, our host was establiohed when we amvecS, and gave no a loiad and hearty welcome, as we successively scrambled to hia feet. Tea waa ready ; in a remote corner the kettle was boiling, on a table-cloth were spread various dainty comoptibleo, on which I saw Bojsio already feasting his appreciative eye. We were soon oeatsd round the tea-mokes (Mj?o. Vane), doing ample justice to the refresh meats sst before us, especially .Boysie, whose voracity on these occasions was a motteE of well deserved nofcosiety. It was c lovely pftevnoon ; a little balmy breeze basaly made itself felt, as we reclined in a variety of luxurious attitudes atound the tablecloth. Mrs. Tan© sat at tho head, witia, Maurice on one side ol he? and uncle on the ©they ; I came next to anole9 Dicky Campbell next to me. Maurice was favoured with the immediate society o£ Boyaie ; and Colonel Keith, too stout to recline on one elbow, like tho rest of the company, oe to sit tailor-fashion, had found a nice flat etone, upon whioh ho .sot enthroned at the head o£ the lteaot. Beneath ua lay the plain— upon which long, long shadows comEaeoosd to stretch themselves — the nond©Bcript nameleos ruins, and herds o£ half tame black buck, who were leisurely sauntering about in blissful ignorance of one neighbourhood. * This tea haa only just been introduced to the hot water, good people/ said Mro. Vano9 1 bo you muafc all bide a wee and eseroioe you*' ratienoe.' ? I'm sure this old city must be a jolly place for ghosts/ somaiked Dicky with stoBtling abruptness. ' And snakeo/ added Maurice impressively. 1 Snakes there may bo,' I nnawered, coiling my habit tightly around me, and glancing ap prehensively at a neighbouniog pile o£ otonoo, ' but ghosts I don't believe in ; there are so ghorts in India.' 'There you are mintaken, my decie young lady/ replied Colonel Koith blandly ; ' India is the original head-quarteys, the family abode of ghosts ; those in Europe are only colonists. Why, we could give you twenty wellauthenti cated stories out here for one you would hear at home/ ' Twenty ghoet stories !' cried Boyoie eagerly, pausing in the aot of buttering a piece of seed nairn ? ? nh. c\n fall !IF? one.' ? Oh yes, do/ echoed Mra. Vane ; ' it ia broad daylight, and wo all can Bit close together, and 1/ looking confidently behind has, 'have a wall at my back.' 1 Commence, commence without further delay, ' Onoe upon a time,' ' we clamoured. ' But you are all rank unbelievers/ objected Colonel Keith, with superb commiseration. ' Never mivd that ; who knows but yon may have the glory of converting us/ replied Maurice encouragingly, turning round on his elbow, and preparing to give out1 host hio un° divided attention. ' I want no converts ; sooing io believing, and I have no time for a loflg-winded tale. How ever, I'll just give you a few ideaa^ for your imaginations to work upon, if you like.' ' Ahem ! attention. Aro you all ready P' said Maurice, glancing round. ? Well/ i-eaumod Colonel Keith, having lit a oheroot, ' what I am going to toll you is not fiction, but a fact/ looking ot Mrs. Vano with an impressive nod. 1 Thezo ia a housa in Cheetapore— a larger t«70-sforied, slate-coloured bungalow, standing ia the middle ef a mangotopo, and ones moot popular ; but now empty, and universally shunned. It is haunted by a very extraordinary thing—a man's head, Thie head io that of a native, and wears a large green turban, and io to bo Dflen, only too conttantly, peeping through doorways, jumping about tho floor, looking over your ohoulder when you are shaving at tbs glas?j and always diaappeasing and vanishing in a moot surprising and unlookev-for- manner. It has frightened nervous ladios by tho score, ond many 6trong, able-bodied men have seen and objected to it. Sometimes it gaily rolls down stairo before you ; sometimes it peeps in at. the window ; sometimes it grins ; fometime it mDkeo tho most truly diabolical faeoo. its mood is variable ; only one thing about it is certain — its unfailing appearance after nightfall.' ' Ugh, how horrid !' ejaouloted Boyoie. 'Howe?© you fooliDg now, Mro. Vane?' in quired Maurice, cheerfully. * Don't you think you would be a very desirable tenant iov the olato-coloured bungclou ?' 'Not foie the gold of Ophiv/ ohe answered with a shudder. \- I have heard of a somewhat similar story/ said uncle sociably ; ' tho only difference was, that my house was haunted by a hand— a email, white, woman's hand — that became a downright nuisance. It beckoned at dooiro, it tapped at windowo, it leant unexpectedly on your shoul ders, and it woke you by passing its ioy-oold fingers across your face/ ? Don't ! You are giving mo a series of cold thnllo !' cried Mrs Vane ; ' do change tho sub jeot, let us talk of something moro cheerful. I do not know which was worst, the head 0? th® bond.8 8 1 think I should prefer a wbole ghost, not piecemeal apparition?/ said Maurice, ' what do you say, Mr. Tuppence?'— to Tuppence, who bow thrust his ugly, intelligent head ovei? his master's shoulder. 'Now, Captain Beresford, it's your torn ; tell ua some nice, amusing anecdote, that will drive away fchoso hideous recollections/ said Mpd. Vane ; ' com©, we are not going to let you off. Commence/ ' Well, I'll toll you a story Tuppence told me about c friend of his —about a very sice pei'soa —a little rough- haired terrier, and be begs me to imprefs upon you,' dragging Tuppence to the front and making him sit on hia haunches, ' that this is a teue story/ glancing mischievously at Colonel Keitb, ' not fiotion9 but a fact. Atten tion Me. Tuppence's storv, as tron slated and brought down to human intelligence hj hio most©!?.' « Once «pon a time o certain little dog, called Jock, waa travelling to Bombay in tho same carriage as his master, and at one o£ the inter mediate stations, a day's rail from theis? desti nation, mast©? and dog descended fos? refresh ment ; and, hy some extraordinary misfortune, the train went off with the master and loft the dog behind. He bos since confessed that he wos inveigled from tho platform by a long legged refreohmont-room cat, with whom he. wiohod to have a iew words— but be that as it may, Jock was left oa the platform, a stray dog. Tnanks to hia peroonal appearance, a laUwoy peon took possession of him, and carried, or sather led, him by his all- useful red handker chief to his home in a village two miles away, where Jock became the prey and the aport of a larp,© unmannerly family of young peons, and lived as best he could on rice and ghee, keoping himself entirely to himself, and repudiating the advanceD of various village pariahs, with on all withering and blighting Gcorn. Every day at two o'clock (tho hour when this train came in) did he travel down to the railway, and await his master on the platform. You might set your watch by that little red dog ; to the very second he was seen travelling along the dusty white read, and arriving punctually to tho minute ; for months his trouble was unrewarded. Nearly a year elapsed, still be pertievered, through monsoon torrents, through scorch ing heat. At last, one day— oh joy ! — his master descended from tho train. Simultaneous and affecting was tho recognition. Many were ' tho exclamations of the man, the transport of { the dog, who, needless to say, Rot into the first carriage with all speed, and was borne away for eves from the peon's diDconsolate family. Tho end !' ' Hurrah ! well done ! well done indeed, Mr. Tuppence !' And we all laughed and clapped and applauded ; Tuppence making his acknow ledgments by vociferous barking and running wild circles round the tablecloth. 1 Bnt oeiiously, Mourioe, that is not a hno story ?' I inquired incredulously. 'As truo as gospel ! I myself havo soen tho dog coraiDg down to tho train, waiting foe it, and going away bitterly disappointed, poos brute !' ' Well, Boyoie, what do you think of that tale?' inquired Colonel Koith. An approving nod was hio only reply, ' By the way, young mar, you aro to be one of tho most important people at Miss Gill's wedding nest week, You are to be the page, I hear/ Bojsio again as sented with a nod, aa his mouth was otherwise engaged. c I hope they have ordered an extra large cake, muttered Maurice. ' How do you like tho aotions Boysio ?' con tinued Colonel Keith. ' Ob, woll enough/ ho returned with a would be bashful simper, ' I've boon reading ovoe fche marriage-osi'vice.' ' Indeed ! A youth of on inquiring mind ! Nothing like taking time by tbo forelock.' ' I suppooQ you are thinking of getting mas s?ied yourself— eh, BoyDioP' said Maurice, look ing greatly diverted. ' No, I'm not/ retorted Boysie peevishly ; but I just wanted to see if I had anything to oay.' ' You !' with conf emptuoua amazement. 8 Well, I haven't/ he continued complacently ; but, turning with sudden ammatioa to Mrs. Vans, and poking hex with hia stick, ? tall me Mrs. Vaas, wbot doss M. or N. meoaP' 6 Why don'fe yon ask me, Boyaie P' mtereapted my cousin. 8 Because you've aevee beea°aiGmed/ he re plied ocornfully. ' Mra. Vane, Mrs. Vane, do you hear me ? What does M. or N. mean?' reiterated Bovsie, impatiently, and again applying hia cone. 1 Oh, it stands fop their Christian names, yon hoi'rid, rude little wretch— Mary and Nehemiab, MaEia and Nicholas— anything you like.' 1 Oh, 1 see ; or, oi',' with a cunning look ovot at me, f oe Mourice and Nora.' ' You are getting quite smart, my young friend,' said Maurice, rewarding him with a huge piece of oake, ond surveying the imp with be nignant toleration. Naturally I became ' cou leur do rose/ and Mrs. Vane looked not only uneasy but seriously annoyed and said very sharply : 6 Coptam Beresford, I really wonder at yon ! You will mako the boy quite ill. Hio death will ]is at your door; it will, indeed. ' Talking of ghosts/ intenupted made, who had boon lighting his ohorco^ afc our kitchen firo, ? there's an old mofquo hero, untenable after nightfall ; they say a lot of people wore maooacred in it, and that, after dnrk, cries and groans and all kinda of horrible noises aro heasd in its neighbourhood/ ' Suppose we go and nee it/ I said, starting up with alacrity ; ' we shall eortninly get the cramp it we stay here much longer. Lot us adjourn.' My suggestion was most favourably enter tained, and scon we had all descended and were following a narrow beaten footpath that led in the desired direotion. I walked beside Ellen, Dicky with Maurice, ond Colonel Keith hod an nexed hirnsalf to Mrs. Vane, and wpa pouring a series of blood-curdling ghost-stories into her reluctant ear. It wos almost dusk when wo reached the mosque ; the lady moon had not showed any symptoms of rising ; the place looked dark and uninviting', and Maurice. Boyaie &nd; I were the only volunteers prepared to venture in. Mrs. Vane hastily endeavoured to dissuade me. 'Nothing to be seen; keep with me ; don't go breaking up tbo party/ she whioperod eagerly. 'I'll not be a minute/ was my answer— 'not two aeeonds/ ao9 urged by curiosity, I followed my pioneers. The interior of the building waa decidedly gloomy, and the outer poriion was evidently the night stable of some cattle, as 6traw and fodder were atrown about. Truly, there was not muoh to be seen ; we exploded farther, and found another building and a doop, black oovity (presumably a well) down whioh Boysio and Maurioo fltmg numerous otoney, for the childish ploaoure of hearing thorn roach the bottom. At last, there was nothiDg further fc0 detain uo, and we returned to the ontranoe, ond found, to our amozemonr, that all the others had dopaitod ; we were left behind. ' Ob, do hurry, and let ua get home Maurice/ I exclaimed impatiently, ' we shall bo go late. Where ore the horses? Why did they nofc bnng thesa hexe ?' 'I'll go and look after them. I auppooe those stupid oyces are awaiting above at tho fau ea° tronce. You stay here, and I'll bo back in fcen minutes.' So saying, ho started cfiE at a ?un. Boysie and I sat on tho stops, side by side, in tho gathering darknesg ; no moon, not a otae to be soen. Visions of snakes, horrible apprehen sions of the head or the lily-white hand floated through my excited brain. ' J say.. Nora ! Nora !' said Boyeie suddenly, shifting himself exceedingly close to me. ' This is rather cseepy, is it n .t ?' A; pauie. ' I don't think I'll stay here any longer. I'll go and gft my pony and be off ; I'm aot sure that I like thip,' confidentally, ' I shall hook it !' 1 You mustn't go— you' shan't leovo me/ I arged, endeavouring to detain him. Boyoie'o company wao better than none. ' Stay with me, do, dear Boyaie. Wait a little while/ entreat ingly. ' Dear Boyaie, indeed/ he sneered; 'because you a?© in a twitter about ghosts. _ I'm rathe; in a funk myself ; fo, good-bje. I'm off.' And wrenching himself from my persuasive hand, he jumped ap, clattered down the stepa and vanished in the darkness. Hers won a pretty situation in which to find myself— sitting alone on the threshold of tho haunted mofque. If there were any gho&to;, I was offering thsra a raoh temptation. I peered into the gathering gloom— nothing to be saon ; Qofc a sound to be hoard but the barb of a fox, the hooting of owlo, and the rumble of a country irjart along the distant high-road. But stay ! what woo tbotP A moats, a gros,n ! issuing from the saocque behind me. My heart beat eo loudly, I could hear it most distinctly. Another hollow, agoms ing moan! My hair felt as if it was actually standing on end. Oh, would Maurice aeveg oorae ! I endeavoured fco nae, but 0 firm detain* ing hand laid heavily on my ohoaldero resisted the attempt. I made ona moira frantic efiort, started to my feet, and fled dowa the steps liko obo po9QOBB0d, and behold, oh joy ! a lantern twinkling towards me, ond heaM voiceo— oh9 how welcome- ! —it was Maurice, the syces, and ttse noraos. UreatJaieQsly 1 stammered out my tfilo, and had barely concluded when a lou-i rod© loagh indicated Bojs'.e— Boysie who had played npon my foara, Bojsie who hod groaned, Bovsie V7ho had ©Djoyed the joke wifch infeenoo glee cad oatis£aetion. By the light of the Jaotorn Maurice calmly ourveyed my ghastly face and trembling demoralized appearance. 1 Boysie, my friend, you are a first-class young sogamuffio, and I should heartily enjoy giving you a very sound thrashing/ he said sternly. 'However, we will postpone it just for the proaent.' Then, baring assisted mo to mount, and plaped the reinQ in my still shaking hauds, ' Here/ ho added imperiously, ? got on youe pony, and como home ; aad don't staad grinning there.' 'I'm going home/ replied Boysie, mounting very deliborately ; ' but I'n not snob, a fool as to go with you and Nora. Lord, what a fright 1 gave her !' cackling complacently. ' No, no ! I'm not such an gqs ao to spoil sport. Two ia company, and three ? ' The laot word was 'ost in a vicious lash be stowed on the okewbold, and in another second Boysie had galloped away into tho darkness, leaving us alone. (To be continued.) 