CONVERSATION OF THE CLOCKS. Mv DEAR TOWN HALL,-Many thanks for your kind and conversational reply. I had half expected a rebuff, for being so personal; now, as I seo that you are not thin-skinnod, I will venture to muke a few further remarks regard [ ing your personal appearance. But, in passing, I may Bay we are both considered to be public property, and arc ut liberty to criticise each other, and those beneath us, as good citizens generally do. Tliero is a difference between your face and mine, your's being transparent and 1 beliovc composed of plate glass, which is a most improved modern material; this affords you the opportunity to study your own anatomy, liut I can tell you of an adversary who wanted this chance, and, daring to ascend such a lioight, lie nearly came to grief: he was weak on his pins, thoughtless in b(s good humor, Ms memory occasionally wandering (like his legs), and consequently ho very nearly inet with an accident in attempting your ex amination. Your glass fronts remind me of the bank director who invented plate glass fronts to safes ; ho was a large man, was re puted wealthy, and to be able to buy up anything (human nature generally, if he should take it iuto his head, to influence the money market in that direction); but who was a wonderfully modest-spoken man, almost boast fally so, famous for his regard for town clocks and other good tilings, bis attention to mails, but more especially to females, among whom was an elderly lady with a crimson face, very corpulent, looking as though she was stuffed with bank notes, like a velvet pincushion, who I might have been the identical "old lady of Threadneedle-atreet," she was so rich, and looked so unaccommodating. But this 1B a digression; merely some of my London ex periences before being shipped to these pari*. A poet says " there is no pleasure in thinking of tbe days gone by, though the thought be left to cheer us." You will, I dare say, agree with me in this sentiment, there is so little to think of in this quiet retreat. What would become of us, were it not feeding on the reflec tions of the past! But to return again to your diols and their possible illumination. X don't think for this purpose you are in a satisfactory state. Where there happens to be, as there seldom is, a projecting roof at some distance below tbe dial, it may be illuminated by re flection, like that at the Horn Guards-about the only merit which thatsuperstitiously-vene rated and bad clock has; it has frightened many a ghost with its cast in one eye, and its slight impediment in its strike. But its good illuminating powers may be oopied to advan tage, by adoptiug moveable lamp reflectors, like those put before ebop windows at night, to be turned back against the wall during the day. If yuu were counter-sunk, with a " hood moulding carried all round, it might be more easily accomplished ; but I don't think hood moulding (or "hood-winking") will induce your musters to speed more money now; they have found out perhaps that the annual ex pense of lighting three or four dials far exceeds tbe interest of your entire cost. I suppose they have also found out the difficulty of il luminating you from your inBide, that it makes it impossible to counterpose your hands out side exoopt with very short and therefore very heavy counterposes. You are so complex that I could as BODU have thought of any member of the Corporation looking inside you as he would have thought of opening himself to study his own anatomy ; ana I presume that I am about right in supposing that you are now left very inucb to your own devices and without medi cal comforts. Such being discontinued, you are straying a little from my time of day; you are four minutes behind me. In reference to oils : olive-oil is the most commonly usod, but purified animal oil agrees with my constitution better than any of the vegetable oils, as some of them are too thin. I suppose you have heard of the tell-tale clock, and tbe necosBity of giving him plenty of oil; these clocks are now used iu some of the London warehouses, where they waut to inake sure of a watoh man being on the spot, and awake all night. It is a clock with a set of spikes cenorally 48 or 96-sticking out all round the diul, and a handle somewhere in the case, by pulling whioh you can press in that one of the spikes which is opposite to it, or to some lever connected with ft, for a few minutes; and it ?nay be observed that this wheel of spikes is carried round with the hour-haud, which in these clocks is generally a tweuty-four hour one. It is evident that every spike that is seen still sticking out in the morning Indicates that ut the particular tiino to which that spike belongs, the watchman was not there to push it in-or at any rate that he did not; and hence it's name. At some other part of their cirouit the inner ends of the pins are carried over a roller, or an inclined plane, which pushes them out again ready for business the next night How should you tike to be in co partnership with suoli a wonder of the ate ? You may object to running In concert with a friend in auoh a spikey condition ; but what a spurring on and incentive to watchfulness and good works! We all want this (including your Corporation), to whioh you will, I dare say. I agree-minus the spike*. . -Your affectionate frienu and fellow-worker, COURT HOU3K CLOCK. 