THE SOUTH- SEAS. PART II.— THE ARCHIPELAGO. (BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.) Chapter XVIII. — a padmotuan funeral. No, I had no guess of these men's terrors. Yet I had received ere that a hint, if I had under stood. And the occasion was a funeral. A little apart in the main avenue of Rotoava, in a low hut of leaves, that opened on a small enolosure, like a pigsty on its pen, an old man dwelt solitary with his aged wife. Perhaps they were too old to migrate with the others ; per haps they were too poor, and had no possessions to dispute. At least they remained behind ; and St thus befell they were invited to my feast. I dare say it was quite a piece of politios in tlie pigsty whether to come or not to come, and the husband long swithered between curiosity and age, till ouriosity conquered, and they came, and in ' the midst of that Irtst merry making, death tapped him on tho shoulder. For some days, when the sky was bright and the wind cool, his mat would be spread in the main highway of the village, end he wrs ' to be seen lying there inert, a mere handful of man, his wife inertly seated by his head. They seemed to have outgrown alike our needs and faculties ; they neither spoke nor listened ; they suffered us to pass without a glhnco ; the wife did not fan, she seemed not to attend upon her husband, and tho two poor antiques sat juxtaposed under tho high canopy of palms ; the human tragedy reduced to its bare ele ments, a sight beyond pathos, stirring a thrill of curiosity. And yet there was one touoh of the pathetio haunted me — that so muoh youth and expectation should have run in these starved veins, and the man should have squandered ail his lees of iila upon a pleasure party. On the morning of the 17th September the sufferer died, and, time pressing, he was buried the snme day at 4. The cemetery iies to sea ward, behind Government House, a dreary, small enolosure; broken coral, like so much road metal, forms the surface ; a few wooden crosses, a few inconsiderable upright stones, designate graves ; a mortared wall, high enough to lean on, rings it about ; a clustered shrub surrounds it with pale leaves. Here was the grave dug that morning, doubtless by uneasy diggers, to the sound of the nigh sea and the cries of sea birds. Meanwhile the dead man waited in his house, and the widow and another aged woman leaned on the fence before the door, no speech upon their lips, no speculation in their eyeB. Sharp at the hour the prooession was in roaroh, the ooffin wrapped in white, and oarried by four bearers ; mourners behind— not many, for not many remained in Rotoava, and not many in black, for these were poor ; the men in straw hats, white coats and blue trousers, or the gorgeous parti-colored pariu— the Tahitian kilt; the women, with a few exceptions, brightly habited. The presence of Mr. Donat and the white strangers gave a note more serious. Far in the rear came the widow, painfully carrying the dead man's mat ; a creature aged, beyond humanity, to the likeuess of some missing link. The dead man had been a Mormon, but the Mormon clergyman was gone with the rest to wrangle over boundaries in the adjacent isle, and alayman took his office. Standing at the head of the open grave ' in a white ooat and pariu, his Tahitian Bible in his hand and one eye bound with a red handkerohief, he read solemnly that chapter in Job which has been read and heard over the bones of so many of our fathers, and with a good voice offered up two prayers. The wind and the surf bore a burthen. By the cemetery gate- a mother in crimson suckled an infant rolled in blue. In the niidst the widow sat upon the ground and polished one of the coffin stretchers with a piece of coral ; a little later she had turned her bnok to the grave and was playing with a leaf. Hid she understand ? God. knows. Tho preaeher paused a moment, stooped and gathered and threw reverently on the ooffin a handful of rattling coral. Dust to dust ; but the grains of this dust were gross like cher ries, and the true dust that was to follow sat near by, still oohering (as by miracle) in the tragic aemljiarioe of a female ape. THe eter nal roar of the surf mocked the while at the wholo transitory race of the mourned and the mourners; So far, Mormon or not, it was a Christian funeral. The well known passage had been read from Job, the prayers had been rehearsed, the grave was filled, tho mourners straggled homeward. With a little coarser grain of cover ing earth, a little nearer outcry of the sen, a stronger glare of sunlight on the rude enclo sure, and some incongruous colors of attire, the well remembered form was reproduced. And by rights it should have been muoh otherwise. The mat should have been buried with its owner ; but the family being poor, it was thriftily reserved for a fresh service. The widow should have flung herself upon tho grave, and raised tho voice of offioial grief, the neighbors have ohimed in, and the narrow isle rung for a space with lamentation. But the widow was old, perhaps Bhe had forgotten — perhaps never understood, and she played like a child with leaves and ooffin stretchers. In all ways my guest was buried with maimed rites. Strange to think that his last conscious pleasure was the Casco and my feast ; strange to think that he had limped there, an old ohild, looking for some new good. And the good thing, rest, had been allotted to him. . But though the widow had negleofed muoh, there was one part she must not utterly neglect. She came away with the dissevering funeral ; but the dead man's mat was left behind upon the grave, and I learned that by set of sun she must return to sleep there. This vigil is impera tive. From sundown till the rising of tho morn ing star the Paumotuan must hold bis watch above the ashes of his kindred. Many friends, if the dead have been a man of mark, will keep the watchers company ; they will be well sup plied with coverings against tho weather ; I believe they bring food, and the rite is perse vered in for two weeks. Our poor survivor, if, indeed, she properly survived, had little to cover, and few to sit with her ; on the night of tho funeral a strong squall ohased her from her plaoe of watoh ; for days tho weather held uncertain and outrageous, and ere seven nights were up she bad desisted and returned to sleep iu her low roof. That she should be at tho pains of returning for so short a visit to a solitary house— that this borderer of tho grave should fear a little wind and a wet blanket — filled me at the time with musings. I could not say she was indifferent ; she was so far beyond me in experience that the oourt of my criticism waived jurisdiction ; but I forged excuses, telling myself she had perhaps little to lament, perhaps suffered much, perhaps un derstood nothing. And lo 1 in the whole affair there was no question whether of tenderness or piety, and the sturdy return of this old remnant was a murk either of uncommon sense or of un common fortitude. Yet one thing had ocourred that partly set mo on the trail. I have said the funeral passed much as at home. But when all was over, when we were trooping in decent silence from the grave yard gate and down tho path to the settlement, a sudden inbreak of a different spirit startled and perhaps dismayed us. Two people walked not far apart in our procession, my friend, Mr. Donat-Donat-Rimarau. "Donat the mnoh handed noting Vice-Resident, present ruler of the archipelago, by far the man of chief im portance on the scene, but known besides for one of an unshakable good temper; and a certain comely, strapping young Paumotuan woman, tho ooraeliest on the isle— not (let us hope) the bravest or the most polite. Of a sud den, ere yet the grave silence of the funeral was broken, she made a leap at tho Resident, with pointed finger, shrieked a few words and fell back again with laughter, not a natural mirth. " What did she say to you ?" I asked. " She did not speak to me," said Donat, a shade perturbed, " she spoke to tho ghost of the dead man." And tho purport of her speech was this : " See there ! Donat will be a fine feast for you to- night." " M Donat called it a jest," I wroto at the time in my diary. " It seemed to mo more in the nature ot a terrified oonjuration, as though she would divert the ghost's attention from herself. A cannibal race may well have .can nibal phantoms." The guesses of the tra veller appear foredoomed to be erroneous ; yet in these I was precisely right. The woman bad stood by in teiror at the funeral, being then in a dread spot — the graveyard. She looked on in terror to the coming night, with that ogre, a new spirit, loosed apon the isle, and the words she had cried in Donat's face were indeed a terrified con juration, basely, to shield herself, basely to dedicate another in her stead. One thing is to be said in bcr excuse- Doubtless she partly ahose Donat because he was a man of great good nature, but partly, too, because ho was a man of the half caste, for I ' believe all natives regard the white blood as n kind of talisman against the powers of hell. In no other way can they explain the unpunished recklessness of Europeans. With my superstitious friends, the islanders, I fear I am not wholly frank, often leading the way with stories of my own, and being always a grave and sometimes an exeitcd hearer. But the deceit is scarce mortal, since I am as pleased to hear as he to tell, as pleased with the story as he was with the belief ; and besides, it is entirely needful. For it is scarce possible to exaggerate the extent and empire of his superstitions ; they mould his life, they color his thinking ; and when he does not speak to mo of ghosts and gods and devils, ha is playing the dissembler and talk ing only with his lips. With thoughts so dif ferent, one must indulge the other ; and I would rather that I should indulge his superstition than he my incredulity. Of one thing, besides, I may be cure— Let me indulge it as I please, I shall not hear the whole, for he is already on his guard with me, and the amount of the lore iB bound less. I will give but a few instances at random, chiefly from my own doorstep in Upolu, during the past month (October, 1890). One of my workmen was sent the other day to the banana pntoh, there to dig; this is a hollow of tho mountain, buried in woods, out of all sight and cry of mankind; and long before dusk Lafaele was baok again beside the cook house with em barrassed looks; he dared not longer stay alone, ho was afraid of " spilits in the bush." It seems these are the souls of the nnburied dead, haunting whore they fell, and wearing woodland shapes of pig, or bird, or insect ; the bush is full of them, they seem to eat nothing, slay solitary wanderers apparently in spite, and at times, in human form, go down into the villages and consort with the inhabitants un detected. So much I learned a day or so after, walking in the bush with a very intelligent youth, a native. It was a little before noon ; a grey day and squally, and porhaps I had spoken lightly. A dark squall burst on the side of the mountain ;'the woods 9hook and cried ; the dead leaves rose from the ground in olouds, like butterflies ; and my companion came suddenly to a full stop. He was afiaid, he said, of the trees falling ; but as soon as I had ahanged the subjeot of our talk he proceeded with alacrity. A day or two before a messenger oame up the mountain from Apia with a letter ; I was in the hush, he must await my return, then wait till I had answered ; and before I was done his voiee sounded quite shrill with terror of the ooming night and the long forest road. These are the commons. Take the ohiofB. There has been a great coming and going of signs and omens in our group. One river ran down blood; red eels were oaptured in another ; an unknown fish was thrown upon the coast, an ominous word found written on its scales. So far we might be reading in a monkish ohronicle ; now we come on a fresh note, at once modern and Polynesian. The gods of Upolu and Savaii, our two chief islands, contended reocntly at crioket. Sinoe then they are at war. Sounds of battle are heard to roll along the ooast. A woman saw a man swim from the high sea9 and plunge direet into the bush. He was no man of that neighborhood, and it was known he was one of the gods speeding to a' oounoil. Most per spicuous of all, a missionary on Savnii. who is also a medioal man, wns disturbed late in the night by knocking. It wbb no hour for the dispensary, but at length he woke his ser vant and sent him to inquire. The servant, looking from a window, beheld crowds of persons, all with grievous wounds, lopped limbs and broken heads, and bleeding bullet holes ; but when the door wns opened all had disappeared.. They were gods from the field of battle. Now these reports have certninly signi ficance ; it is not hard to trace them to political grumblers, or to read in thorn a threat of coming trouble; from that merely human side, I find them ominous myself. But it was the spiritual side of their significance that was discussed in sooret council by my rulers. I shall best depiot this mingled habit of the Polynesian mind by two connected instances. I once lived in a village, the name of which I do not mean to tell. The chief and his sister were persons perfectly in telligent ; gentlefolk, apt of speech.- The sister was very religions, a great ehurohgoer; one that UBed to reprove me if I stayed away. T found afterwards that she privately worshipped a shark. The chief himself wns somewhat of a freethinker ; at the least, a latitudinnrian. He was a man. besides filled with , European know ledge and accomplishments ; of an impassive, ironical habit; and I should as soon have ex pected snperstition in Mr. Herbert Spencer. Hear the sequel. I had discovered by unmis takable signs that they buried too shallow in the village graveyard, and I took my friend, as the responsible authority, to task. " There is something wrong about your graveyard," said I, " which you must attend to or it may havo very bad results." " Something wrong? "What is it?" he asked, with an emotion that sur prised me. " If you care to go along there any evening about 9 o'clock you can see for yourself," said I. He stepped backward. "A ghost!" he cried. In short, in tho whole field of the South Seas, there is not ono to blame another. Half blood and whole, pious and debnucbed, intelligent and dull, all men believe in ghosts, all men combine with their recent Christianity fear, and a lingering faith in the old island deities. So, in Europe, the gods of Olympus slowly dwindled into village bogies ; so to-day, the theo logical Highlander sneaks from undor the eye of the Free Ohuroh divine to lay an offering by a sacred well. I try "to deal with the whole matter here be cause of a particular qnality in Paumotuan super stitions. It is true I heard them told by a man with a genius for such narrations. Close about our evening lamp, within tho sound of the island surf, we hung on his words, thrilling. Tho reader, in far other scenes, must listen close for. the faint eoho. This. -bundle of. weird stories sprang from the burial and the woman's selfish conjuration. "I was dissatisfied with what I heard, harped upon questions, and struck at last this vein of metal.' It is from sundown to .about 4 in the morning that the kinsfolk camp upon the grave ; and these are the hours of the spirit's wanderings. At nny time of the night — it may be earlier, it may be later — a sound is to bo heard below, which is the noise of his liberation; at 4 sharp another, and a louder, marks the instant of the re- imprisonment. Between whiles, he goes his malignant rounds. "Did you ever see an evil spirit," wns once asked of a Paumotuan. "Once." "Under what form?" " It was in the form of a crane." "And how did you know that crane to be a spirit ?" was asked. "I will tell you," he answered ; and this was the purport of his inconclusive narrative. His father hnd been dead nearly a fortnight; others had wearied of tho watoh ; and as the sun was setting he found himself by the grave alone. It was not yet dark, rather the hour of the afterglow, when he was aware of a snow white crane upon the coral mound ; presently more cranes camo, some white, some black ; then the cranes vanished, and he saw in their plnce a white cat, to which there was silently joined a great company of oats of every hue conceivable ; then these also disappeared, and ho was left astonished. This was an anodyne appearance. Take instead the experience of Kua-a-Mnriterangi on the Isle of Katin. He had a need for some pandanus, and crossed the isle to the sea beach, where it chiefly flourishes. The day w»b still, and Rua was surprised to hear a crashing sound among, the tbicketsand then the fall of a con siderable tree. Here must be some one building a canoe ; and he entered the margin of the wood to find and pass the time of day with thiB ohanco neighbor. The crashing sounded more at hand, and then he was awaro of something drawing swiftly near among tho tree tops. It swiing by its heels downward, like an ape, so that its hands were free for murder ; it depended safely by the slightest twigs ; the speed of its coming was incredible ; and soon Kua recog nised it for a corpse, horrible with age, its bowols hanging as it oame. Prayer was the weapon of Christian in the Valley of the Shadow, and it iB to prayer that Rua-a-Mari- terangi attributes his escape. No merely human expedition had availed. This demon was plainly from the grave ; yet you will observe he was abroad by day. And inconsistent bb it may seem with the hours of the night watch and the many references to the rising of the morning star, it is no singular exception ; I could never find a case of another who had seen this ghost, diurnal and arboreal in its habits, but others have heard the fall of tho treo, which seems the signal of his coming. Mr. Donat was onoe pearling on the uninhabited isle of Heraiki. It wns :a day without a breath of wind," such as alternate in tho Archipelago with days of contumelious breezes. The divers wore 'in the midst of the lagoon upon their employment ; tho ; cook, a boy of ten, was over bis pots in the camp. Thus wero all souls accounted for except a single native who accompanied Donat into the woods in quest of sen fowls' eggs. In a moment, out of the stillness, csme the sound of the fall of a great tree. Donat would have passed on to find the cause. " No," oried his oompnnion, "that was no tree. It was some thing not right. Let ns go bnck to camp." Next Sunday tho divers wore turned on, all that part of the isle wrb thoroughly examined, and sure enough no tree had fallen. A little Inter Mr. Donat saw ono of his divers flee from a similar sound, in similar unaffeoted panic, on the samo isle. But neither would explain, and it was not till afterward, when he mot with Rua, that he learned the ocoaaion of their terrors. But whether by day or night, the purpose of tho dead in theso attained activities is still the same. In Saipoa, my informant had no idea of the food of the bush spirits : no such ambiguity would exist in tho mind of a Paumotuan. In that hungry archipelago, living and dead must alike toil for nutriment, Bnd the race having been cannibal in the post, the spirits are so still. A V here tho living ate the dead, horrified noc turnal imagination drew the shocking in ference that the dead might cat the living. Doubtless they slay men, doubtless even mutilate them, in mere malice. Mnrquesan spirits sometimes tear out the eyes of travellers ; but even that may be more practioal than appears, for the eye is a cannibal dainty. And certainly the root idea of the dead, at least in the far eastern islands, Is to prowl for food. It was as a dainty morsel for a meal that the woman denounced Donat at the funeral. Nor is it only the dead who eat the living ; there are spirits besides who prey in particular on the souls of the newly dead. The point is dearly made in a Tahitian story. A ohild foil sick, grew swiftly worse, and at last Bhowed signs of death. . The mother has'toned to the house of a sorcerer who lived hard by. "You are yet iu time," said he ; "a spirit has just run past my door carrying the bouI of your child wrapped in the leaf of a pnrao ; but I have a spirit stronger and swifter who will run him down ere he has time to eat it," Wrapped, you see, in a leaf, like other things edible and cor ruptible. Or take an experience of Mr. Donat'e'on the island of Anaa. It was a night of a high wind, with violent squalls; his child was very- sick, and the father, though he had gone to bed, lay wakeful, hearkening to the gale- All at onoe a fowl was violently dashed on the house waiL Supposing he bad forgot to put it in shelter with the rest, Donat arose, found the bird (a cook) lying on the verandah, and put it in the henhouse, the door of whioh he seourely fas tened. Fifteen minutes later the business was repeated, only this time, as it was being dashed against the wnll, the bird erew. Again Donat replaced it, examining the henhouse thoroughly, and finding it quite perfect ; as he was so engaged the wind puffed out his light, and he must grope back to the, door, a good deal shaken. Yet a third time the bird was dashed upon the wall, a third time Donat set it, now near dead, besides its mates, and he was scaree returned before thore came a rash, like that of a furious strong man, against the door, and a whistle as loud as, that of a railway engine rang about the house. , The sceptical reader may hero detect the finger of the tempest, but the women gave up all for lost, and clustered on the beds lamenting. Nothing followed, and I must suppose the gale somewhat abated, for presently after n ohief oame visit ing. He was a bold man to be abroad so late, but doubtless carried a bright lantern. And he waa certainly a man of counsel, for as soon as he heard the details of those disturbances he was in a position to explain their nature. "Your child," said he, "must certainly die. This is the evil spirit of an island who lies in wait to eat the spirits of the newly dead !" And then he went on to expatiate on the strangeness of the spirit's conduct. He was not usually, he explained, so open of assault, but sat silent on the housetop waiting, in tho guise.-of-a bird.- "Within the. people tended the .djing .and bewailed the .dead, .and,' had iib thought of. peril.; but when, day came and the doot8- were openod and. men- began, to go abroad, blood Btains on the wall betrayed the tragedy. This is the quality I admire in Paumotuan legend. I have heard ot a Tahitian vesture for tho spirit eater, with how much more of pomp, with how much less of horror. It has been seen by ail sorts and conditions, native and foreign ; only the last insist that it is a moteor. My authority was not so sure. He was riding with his.wife about 2 in the morning, both were near asleep and the horses were not much better. It was a brilliant and still night, and the road wound over a mountain near by a deserted marae(old Tahitian temple). All at once tho appearance passed above them. A form of light, the head round and greenish, the body long, red, and with a focus of yet redder bril liancy about tho midst ; a buzzing hoot accom panied its passage ; it flew direct out of one marae and direct for another down the moun tain side. And this, as my informant argued, iB suggestive. For why should a mere meteor frequent the altars of abominable gods ? The horses, I should say, were equally dismayed with their riders. Now I am not dismayed at all, not even agreeably. Give me rather the bird upon the housetop and the warning blood gouts on the wall. But the dead are not exolusivo in their diet. They carry with them to the grave, in particu lar, the Polynesian taste for fish, and enter at times with the living into a partnership in fishery. Rua-a- Mariterangi is again my autho rity ; I feel it diminishes the credit of the fact, bat how it builds up the image of this inveterate ghost seer I Ho belongs to the miserably poor island of Taenga, yet hie father's house was always well supplied. As Rua grew up he was called at last to go a-flshing with this fortunate parent. They rowed into the lagoon at dusk, to an unlikely plaoo, and the boy lay down irithe stem, and the father began vainly to cast his line over thobows. It is to be supposed that Rua slept ; and when ho awoke there was tho figure of another beside his father, and hisfatherw&s; pull ing in the fish hand over hand. ""Who is that man, father 1" Rua asked. " It is none of your business," said tho father; and Rua supposed the stranger had swum off to them from shore. Night after night they fared into the lagoon, ofton to the most unlikely places ; night after night the stfanger would suddenly be seen on board, and as suddenly be missed ; and morn ing after morning the canoe returned laden with fish. "My father is a very luoky man," thought Rua. At last, ono fine day, there came first one boat party and then another, who must bo entertained ; father and son put off later than usual into the lagoon ; and before the canoe was loaded it was 4 o'clook, and the morning star was olosc on the horizon. Then the stranger showed symptoms of distress, turned about, showing for the first time bis face, whioh was that of one long dead, with shining eyes, stared into the east, set the tips of his fingers to his mouth like one a-cotd, uttered a strange, shuddering sound between a whistle and a moan — a thing to freeze the blood ; and, the day star just ris ing from the sea, he suddenly was not Then Rua was awaro of why his father prospered, why his fishes rotted early in the day, and why some were always oarried to the cemetery and laid upon the graves. My informant is a man riot certainly averse to superstition, but he keeps his head, and takes a; certain' superior interest, which I may be allowed to call scien tific. The last point reminding him of some parallol practice in Tahiti, lie asked Rua if tho fish were left, or carried home again after a formal dedication. It appears old Mariierangi practised both methods ; sometimes treating his shadowy partner to » mere oblation, some times honestly leaving his fish to rot upon tho grave. 