How a Good Ship was Lost. On the niglit of October 27th, 1S J2, the good ship Mary Compton," p£ Bristol, England, was strug gling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the en trance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, lie sailed on con fidently. Five minutes later the the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men including the Captain were saved* On reaching the shore tlioy found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls as well,as s'n'ps, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? " You are beyond human aid." These words were, said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that ho thought so, hud he the right to say so ? No ; for ho might be wrong and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had bsen ill fqr some time. In June ?1889, she was greatly alnrmad by liar symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and," slio said " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out into a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked Ijfer frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. " 1 could scarcely crawl about the house," slie says, " I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dis peusary at New Brijrgate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst, llis auswer wns, " 1 have mixed you some medicine, you can take it or leave it." 1 took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. " I talked witli two other physicians. The last one snid, ' You arc past human aid.' " " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death' would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went homo and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and lost flesh till I ions thin as a ghost 1 My mother came to see me and did not know me. My Bkin was of a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat..; About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I throw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 0 o'clock on a Saturday morning and; scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. t " At this time 1 remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly workod in Crawford's Mill, in East-stroet, Leeds (whereHive), had boon cured by.Mother Seiael's Curative Syrup. So I sent to ?Sir. Jcsson's, tno Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few do.sc3 stopped the vomit ing, and by degrees from day to .day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I hwfgot over all my bad symptoms and was fast gettingi.my strength back. I am now (April, 181)0,) in-better health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mothor Seigcl's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club,' but I thank God I did got it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the factj 1 havo related, and I will reply to nny letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Aun-"Mills, .10, Bread street, York ljoad, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tnle to, tell. : She did wrong to wait one - hour for any rea son, after having known what. Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had doue for her friend Mrs, Wilson 