' ,Suggese ons in storie.'" LECTURE BY THE REV. CANON FLOWER, JU,A. -o- A lecture bearing the title "Sugges. tions in .tonie, or Subterranean Sketches 17 centuries since," was delivered in St. Stehhen's hall on Monday evening by the Rev. Canon Flower, M.A. A com positor in this office, who it fi needless to say is a native of the soil, like many of his compatriots is evidently of opinion that it was impossible that anything worthy of note should have occurred be. fore the boon of his presence was con. ferred on a grateful world, and he so. cordiogly toot the liberty of substituting "years" for "'centuries " in the title of the lecture. This, however, by the way. On Monday evening there was a very fair attendance, and a few minutes after S the lecturer having his apparatus ready the lecture commenced, after an appropriate introduction by the VYen. Archdeacon Allnntt, The speaker commenced by remarking that according to Mr..Bayter's estimate the population of Victoria as ascertained by the census would be abont 1,100,000. lie would ask them to go back a couple of thousand years to a city of twice the pcpulation of Victoria, perhaps even more than that-Rome, then, under the Em. peror Claudius, the mistress of the world. In this city in the year 52 A.D., about 20 years after the crucifixion of the Saviour there was a Jewish quarter of Rome containing a large number of the chosen rice, and these were expelled by order of the Emperor, and it is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles that St. Paul found Aquilla and Priscilla at Corinth. Among these Jews were a few, only a tiny handful of Christians. Five years later, in the reign of Nero, we have Paul writing that he is going to carry the Gospel into Spain, and on his way hack he purposes paying a visit to Rome, which he had not yet seen. Two years later he comes to Rome, but as a great prisoner of State, and the Christians go out 50 miles to meet him. On the road by which the Christians went out to meet Paul were the Via Appia, or catacombs of Rome, consisting of corridors and tunnels one row above the other, and a perfect labyrinth to those unfamiliar with their windings. There were it was said 500 miles of these passages. The exas. vations had been originally commenced as quarries for building the city, and had subsequently been extended by the early Christians for burial, or sleeping places, as they styled them. The word cemetery, which signified sleeping place, was sacred to Christianity. But those subterranean passages were also used as hiding places and lastly as churches. It was calon. lated tl.st 7,000,000 bodies were interred in these catacombs, and this was quite conceivable seeing that they were used as burial places from the year 60 A.D., to the year D0C, when the Goths came and destroyed the city. The Christians were the first to adopt the notion of burying instead of burning; they were taught to reverence the body as the temple of the soul-the shnne of the divine spirit, and they recoiled at the thought of burning it after death. It might be that. in their simple faith they thought of the resurrec tion, and preferred to" leave the' earthly casket as it was rather than destroy it. So in a niche in the corridor the body was placed and a slab laid over it sad sealed. . [It may be here remarked that incidents and places already alluded to and yet to be mentioned were projected on a screen by the aid of a magic lantern, :.d in re fernog to any quotation or building it must be understood as alluding to a view shown by the lecturer. Thus he now goes on to speak of some tablets or slabs found over the graves in the Roman catacombs, and copies of which with the inscriptions thereon are shown.] "Valerie dormit in pace"-Valerie sleeps in peace an inscription never heard of before in con. nection with death. The palm branch was a sign of victory. :he majority of these early Christians could not read nor write, and the inscriptions on the tombs of their loved ones were'allegorical, or represented by sketches. Thos the friends of Pontins Leo knew where he was buried by the figdre of alion rudely drawn on the slab over his grave, leo be ing the Latin word for lion, and Portella A'c dormit in?pac.-Porcell here sleeps in peace-had the figuri of a well known animal from the root of which the name of the deceased was taken. On other slabs the identity of the deceased was established by sketches of the imple. ments of his craft. Such was the strength of the persecution that the poor hunted Christians were at timec afraid even to put verbal inscriptions on the sleeping places of departed ones, and so the crude representation of a ship appeared on some slabs. With them Christianity was a reality dearer '"an life itself and what mattered if their bodies were rent and tomrn by the cruel 'claws and fahugs of the tiger so that they were secure in Christ and the ship of His church. ,Then there was the symbol XP, what did that mean? Simply ihrist. The X was the letter CH of the Greek Alphabet and P was 1. This was the oldest Ohristian sign ever used. Then there were Alpha and Omegs, the firstand last letters of the Greek alphabet, and the triangle-the Trinity, signifying that Chnrist was the author and finisher of their salvation, who is one with God the Father and the IHoly Ghost. Thus did the Christians express themselves by simple signs and symbols. Themre was abeautiful ides em~idioJd in the simple representation of a fish. The Greek word for fish was Ichthus, and the letters of this word formed the initials of a Greek phrase, which, Leing translated, ran thus : -" Jesus Christ, God's Son, Saviour." For 1300 years theose tablets lay unldis turbed in the dust that enve loped them, until they were dissovercd and showed the herioc and boseautiful faith of these pioneer christians. Their knowledge of the Scriptures wa.s great, and it was nearly all orally obtained. It had Leen said that if all the Bibles in the world were destroyed all that was vilal and necessary could be written from the pictures on these walls and corridois, examples of which he was shoWing. What holy zeal mnst hare inspired these artists as they toilel in their labor of love in hourly danger of being thrown to the wild beasts. In referring to a picture of St. Paul in the attitude of prayer the lecturer expressed his disapprobation of the "ptent, modern, nineteenth centory, Australian fashion of squatting on the edge of the seat" during prayers. God should be honored with the body as well as the spirit. The circus was next re. ferred to, with the ,sport of throwing Christians to the lions indulged in in those days. Under 1ero, Trajan, Marcus Autelius, Valerian, and Diocletian these persecutions were kept up and it seemed a matter of wonder how these faithful spirits had survived it all, but the wonder ceased when the heroic.fortitude of the frail, delicate maiden Blandins, who by osdor of Marcus Aurelius was tortured by every known means and finally placed in, .a net to be gored by wild bulls was considered. All they could extract from her was-" I am a Christian; there is no evil done amongst us." This great circus, part of which stands .o-day, was 620 feet long by 513 feet wide, and would hold, tier above tier, 80,000 people, and on the sanded arena the Christians, infidels so called by the Pagan Romans, were placed at the mercy of hungry wild beasts. The cry of the populace when any plague or calamity overtook the city was "The Christians to the lions," and Trajan, the pure-minded, mild and ami. able Emperor of Rome, brought the good Bishop Ignatius from . Antioch to Rome to-perish. because he said "I call myself the Christ bearer, because I carry in my breast Christ." We are apt to forget the blessings we owe to the faith. ful bravery of those who stood stedfast in days of old. Compare the pagan inscrip. tions with those of. the early Christians. One of the former ran "I lift up my hand against God, who took me away innocent, "but the Christian inscriptions indicated the one unchangeable, unexcep tional tone of 'hope, resignation and confidence. There were no scaythes, in. verted torches, or broken pillars on their tombs; these were heathen symbols, and to bur shame modern civilisation erected such imagery. There was no semblance or darkness or gloom or murmurs of hatred on the sleeping places in the oata combs-all was hope and confidence. If ever men in the wide world were justified in retaliating and complaining it would be these early Christians, but down below ground, by the light of a torch, and in peril of their lives they worshipped with simple love to Christ, This was in the first pure days before corruption crept into the church. Why the heathen em peror had admitted the Christians were pure and good and helpful to the national life, even while he ordered their death if arnaigned for their belief. The last pie. tore showed the Christians worshipping in the catacombs, and the lecturer con. oluded his eloquent lecture by a compari. son between the gay city above, where the rich lady rolled by in her chanot, and the mighty Emperor Titus came in procession with trophies and pledges of victory, while the vestal virgins kept the lamps in the temple and the augars in spected the entrails of victims whos' lives had been sacrificed; between all this and below where this group of worshippers was gathered. "Lift up your hearts," said the preacher, and the people replted "We lift them up through all unto the Lord aboie," and above the city and its great outspread fora the hearts of these Christians were lifted up. The Chairman, Archdeacon Allnutt, proposed a vote of thanks to the.lecturer for his instructive and moving lecture. It was a lecture that moved one to the very depths of his being, and he trusted the feeling wculd not be transient. The motion was carried by hearty ac clamation and the proceedings closed with the Doxology. 