AMUSEMENTS. THEATBE ROYAL. Tnere was a good nouaay nouse at trie ! Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when Messrs. Dampier and Walsh s stirring drama, "The Miners Right?" was repeated. This play, founded as.it is on Rolf Boldrewood's ? well-known Australian story, proved highly attractive, and went with a swing and verve that proved Irresistible. The piece is splendidly mounted, and the scene in Cascade. Gully with its natural waterfall was applauded to the echo. "The Miner's Rights will be played for the last time to-night, and to-morrow " As Sou lake It" will be produced in the presence of his Excellency tne Governor and Lady Kintore.' 3^Ir. Dampier is well known as a. scholarly and experienced Shakesperian actor. Miss Lily Dampier as Rosalind has already earned the_ earnest appreciation^ of the Vic torian public, and the whole performance pro mises to be highly successfuL GABNEB'S ROOMS. Hudson's Surprise Party drew a large .audience at Garner's Rooms on Tuesday even ing. The- programme from the first to the concluding item was a great success,-nearly all ihe numbers being loudly applauded. THE COONTY JTAIE." . - t": Messrs. MacMahon announce in another column that the box-office of' the " County ' Tair," which commences at the Theatre Royal' on Saturday next, will be opened at Marshall^ and Sons at 10 o'clock to-morrow (Thursday).' ' THE FASTING MAN. >:r,. Tanner has now entered upon his 36th day. " On Tuesday he was visited by large numbers Df those curiouB towitness hisconditionat this critical period. On Saturday, at 10 o'clock, he svill conclude hia fast. ' MTJSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. Large and, enthusiastic audiences attended the performances given every 15 minutes at the jabovenamed; exhibition, expressions of ap proval beingloud iand frequeinfc I The steamer Gulf of Bothnia, whioh arrived on Tuesday,;brought 6omerare birds of;various kinds for the Zoological Gardens, v Unfortu nately they were put on board in inconvenient coops, and consequently.: several were lost on the passage.- - 