CATHERINE'S CRIME CHAPTER XXIII. PLEASANT WEATHER. She put this harmless question to her maater in sueh an exlraordiunry tone ol' voice,—she levelled at liim as sho . spoke go strange a look out of her shallow, glittering, black eyes, that Hoell, at a loss for any other explanation of his housekeeper's conduct-, was forced to revert, seriously mis tunc, to uie lciea oi her being under the influence of liquor. ' Sho hns been drinking' he muttered to liiiriself as he dropped her arm and turned away. ' Odd, I never knew her to do it before.' 'Ay, have I been drinking,' returned the woman. 'Every penny -of wages ?you ipays me goes- for the strong stuff. Not a drop ever passes my lips but what I gets that way ; so you may guess to a teaspoonful how much I drink, my darling.' ' You mean;' retorted Hoiill, in high good humor. ' that I don't pay you any wages, you jade. Because I haven't the money to give you, ? for one thing, and you wouldn't take it if I had, foranother ? Eh, Motlicr.Endor? eh ?' He patted the housekeeper's shoulders gently, his sharp white teeth shining in the smile that robbed his sallow face of its plainness aud brought into his keen eyes a softer light. The hard lines about Pleasant Weather's mouth relaxed, she changed and mellowed into a different creature, under the influence of the kindly touch and the kindly tone. But as Hoell's hand, having bestowed the slight- caress, dropped indifferently away^as Hoell turnccl his back upon lici'j. and : ensconced himself in, the luxurious depths of his stuffed and padded easy chair, tlie old look and the old- manner came back again. ' ' Ah, that's the way !' she whispered, in 'the depths of her resentful heart. ?' A touch, such as he might give to a village; brat, a kind word such as he might- throw to a stray cur, and what am I ? Nothing ! But once, Master, it was different, Pleasant, who fostered you when, you were a wailing baby,— Pleasant, who nursed yon back from death; to life, — Pleasant, who watched and tendered you, sickly lad and ailing man — she was all to you, as you to her, ill the old days. Good days those were to live in; Master; but they're gone, never to, come back no more, and Pleasant knows who she has got to thank for it.' ... ' It's time I had my supper,' pro claimed the unconscious object of her unspoken thoughts. ' It's been a long day and a dreary day.. I want to go to bed and get it over, as I used when I . was six years old.- What are you wait ing for ?? I haven't answered your question ? I. haven't told you who the ladies are who are coming to grace and \- bsaulify' iny poor abode on the night ... ' . after to-morrow night ? Do I visit any othor ladies than the ladies up at the ? Hall? . No, Are any ladies likely to visit me than Mrs. Kavaiiagh and her daughter ? Get me my supper while I'm in the mind for it, or I shall go* to ? bed without.' , . Despite this threat, the housekeeper lingered. ' Miss Rosalind Ivavanagh ii .^.well-looking' young lady, in most ? people's opinions ?' she interrogated, obstinately harking back to the ladies up at the Hall. r.' Most people are to be congratulated upon their ? discrimination,' -.snapped' . Iloell. ' Call the Venus of Milos a comoly young woman, and suppose Helen oD Troy' to have been, on the whole,. a presentable sort of a body, aiid then you'll have an excuse for applying the epithet - well-looking ' to Miss Rosalind Ivavanagh.' j 'I don't know anything abont Vomis oi' tlie other one,' answered 'the woman, doggedly ; ' they're nothing to me — or to you. You're not sweet on either; you're not breaking your heart about one or' the other of them, my darling 1' ;He made her no response in words. . Standing where she stood, his face was hidden'1 from her. But as' she uttered those last words sho saw him wince and shrink as though somo sharper bodily pang than usual hid seized him, and the veins upon ins thin hands start into prominence ns he tightened his grasp upon the elbows of his chair. ' What maggot liavo you got' into your head, this tim*, Mother Eiidor ?' he said, with the ghost of his old whimsical manner, and the ghost of his old mock ing tone. ' What mare's nest have yon hunted up now — with an addled i egg in it;? Come, I'm in a good humor to night ; I'll please you, and amuse my self by falling in with tho. joke, and' making believe, as the children say. Supposo I am breaking my heart about a lady, what then ? — and how the devil did you come lo find it out ?' ? : j. nuto uijf uuiuug. l nave ears. I wasn't always old and ugly, as I am now. Brown as I was, I was handsome enough when I was young. 1 have seen men dying of love, in my time,' said Pleasant Weather, 'and dying of lovo for me !' She stepped ^ . round in front of Hoell's chair, and fixed ' ''her glittering black eyes on his j.. sho pointed at him with one lean, brown' linger, and gesticulated with tlie mien, atiu air of a pythoness, as she continued : ' Not only common men, . look you, my darling! gentlefolks, with good blood running in their veins, as good as 'ran in your own father's and good money jingl ing in their pockets; as good as ever was spent or gave away. ' ' Myr wis'lr and spell I put upon 'eui, one and all, because the sport of seeing the soft looks they east, and hearing the linn words they said, and making 'em hate one juiothcr, -for my sake, was noblo sport to me. And when a woman puts her wish ?'Wl spell iipon a man, master, sho draws the light out of his eves, and tho soul out of his breast, and the blood out of his veius, little by little, into her own ; aud the wearier lie do grow, the gayer she, and the heavier and slower his step, the lighter hers ; 'causo its meat and drink to her, Gentile or Gipsy, and silver and gold, to see him suffer, and to know tho reason why,' She struck her hands together passionately, (To H MUiwtd,) 