FATAL FORMS. Every Nonconformist is convinced that the Romish forms in the P'rayer Book are the fatal bar to religious unity, and the great cause of the increase, of Romanism. j.aey iubu ieei assurea in at snese luruis are a heavy burthen upon many con sciences, and that they greatfy impair the power of religious truth in the worship of God. There can, then, be no doubt that the members of all Evangelical Churches are called upon to unite and exercise every Christian means of re moving so grievous an evil. Let us consider what are the measures to be adoDted. Controverav and reDroof have been long tried in vain. Why should not other denominations without re ference to any other question, unite with those members of the Established Church who are seeking to remove these passages from the Prayer Book, simply for the sake of promoting Christian union, as well as truth and purity in public worship, and to take away a great source of Romanism ? Are they prepared to forget old grievances and offences, and to sacrifice sectarian rivalry for the cause of Evangelical religion ? May the spirit of brotherly love draw all sincere Evangeli cal believers together -in Christian humility and fellowship for the great work of healing our disunion. Let us not wait for the other, or until those in high estate come forward to lead us. It is the work of the many ; it must be the voice and the prayer of the members that will reunite the divided body. Why should we not make the attempt, or what is there to prevent our succeed ing ? There is nothing that can prevent it if we are only earnest in seeking the unity of Christ's kingdom, and the preser vation of our fellow Christians. The object is so manifestly just and reasonable, and its necessity bo great, that the general desire of Protestants has only to he expressed in order to effect it. Many of the old obstacles to Christian union are removed ; neither civil nor religious rulers could now withstand the united will of Protestants. The spirit of the age repu diates sectarian exclusiveness ; and, throw ing open social institutions for the bene fit of the greatest number, it will favour the attempt to break down the barriers which separate Christian brethren of the same faith. But although it should be beyond hope, still, aB promising a great good to the general' Church of Christ, we Bhould earnestly strive for it, with the assurance that nothing but good can result from the association of Christians to promote truth and unity. If Roman ism should still continue to increase in the Anglican Church it must end in dis ruption. How needful, then, that those within and without its communion, who love the pure religion of the Gospel, . ; . . . . , — — -7 ' - f should be united and associated in main tenance of their common faithk and in ' ; preparation for a change which will over- c throw religious institutions, and be a r heavy trial . of religions faith and princi ple. An association which shall agree r not merely in sentiment and goodwill, but in holding the great Evangelical truths of < religion, and in discarding all forms and > principles which sanction Romanism and destroy union, would prove at such a time a general rallying-point and safe- ' guard. True Protestant Christians would find in such a combination great confir- mation of faith, and a means of uniting with their brethren under such ecclesias- 4-i'aaI rtrtnafif nfion and fnr»mn nf wnmliin an they may most approve. The first steps in this great work have been already completed in England. The : Book of Common Prayer has been revised ! and prepared for use in the Evangelical Churches by Ministers and Members of the Established and Nonconformist Churches. By the testimony of many publications representing the Protestant ' communions every form and word incon sistent with Evangelical doctrine and ; worship have been removed, without im pairing the devotional spirit of the Liturgy, and indeed, with so few altera tions in the Sunday services as to be scarcely observable. The passages the alteration of which is most generally desired are — the use of the word Priest in place of Minister; — the rubric retaining " the ornaments of the Church and of the ' Ministers used in the second yea of ' Edward VI. ; " — the words in the ordina tion of Priests, " Receive the Holy Ghost. . . . Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained;" — the directions in the Visitation of the Sick that "The sick person shall here be > moved to make special confession of his sinB, if he feel his conscience troubled witb ' any weighty matter, after which confes sion the Priest shall absolve him if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort : By the authority of the Lord Jesus ' Christ committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name," &c.; ; — the words in the Catechism, " The body and blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper ; "—the forms re quiring all clergymen to read the Lessons from the Apocrypha and the damnatory clauses in the Athanasian Creed, and also to say in the Baptism of InfantB, " Seeing now that this child is regenerate," and ' "We yield Thee hearty thanks that it hath pleased Thee to regenerate this infant with Thy Holy Spirit," and the r similar expressions in the Catechism and Confirmation Services ; also Canons 6, 10, and 9, which direct that " Whosoever shall separate themselves from the Church of England and combine themselves into a new Brotherhood, let them be excom- 1 municated till they revoke their wicked errors," and the law reguiring all Non conformist Ministers to he re ordained, ; while Roman Catholic Priests are admits ted to benefices without re-ordination, ThiB Boob of Common Prayer is a practical evidence how easily and safely ; the great work of revision can be satis- ' factorily accomplished. : The Liturgy thus revised, after being the cause of disunion for many ages, may become the means of showing the agreed 7 ment of Evangelical Christians, not only in faith, but in public worship and religious services. Acknowledged as Scriptural by those who may prefer the use of free prayer, as well as by those using a Liturgy, it would be an ad- > ! ditional bond and evidence of their unity.' There is no reason why German, French,; i as well as English, Scotch, and American - Christians should not agree in approving a common Liturgy, It would only, in all ; probability, require the addition of some other prayers and hymns, rendering it fuller, more varied, and comprehensive. Those who are the least favourably dis posed towards a form of prayer would be thankful to Bee the Liturgy of Protestant : ChiircheB, not only freed from the ele- ments of Romanism, but rendered most, conducive to public devotion and Scrip tural worship. To those Christians who r are at present deterred from even the -; partial use of a. Liturgy by the apprehen-,-V,' sion of countenancing the sacerdotal and other objectionable passageB in the Angli can formularies, a thoroughly revised form of public prayerimight prove an Ad vantage, while its effect "upon Roman 1 Catholics, especially in. ; Continental nations, might be highly beneficial, not only as exhibiting the pure spiritual and comprehensive devotion of Evangelical Christians, but their unity in the public worship and service of our Lord. But ,an, important question remains to be considered!. Can there be visible unity among Evangelical Christians with- outnuniforinity in religious serviced and with different forms of Church govern ment? In reply we may observe that at present a real and visible union exists among non- Anglical . Churches, though perhaps it might be rendered more ap parent; and be benefically- extended and exercised in measures of mutual co-opera tion and combined testimony for their co tnmon truth and interests. There is a: mutual intercommunion of the respective members of those Churches at the Lord's table, and of their ministers in the services i of -the pulpit and of : the congregation. Tbereiis, also, a great degree of unity, in their, feeling end expression of fellowship ! as . members of one Evangelical Church and brotherhood ; and, by Divine grace, the spirit of rivalry and sectarianism is rapidly dying out. In the Wesleyan Church, than which no communion is i. more closely bound together, there actually existB a diversity in the form's, of public worship, some congrega tions-! using a revised- Liturgy, others only extemporaneous prayer. Each crin- gn-gation exercises freedom of choice in this matter, without in the least diminish ing. the'- unity of the whole body. > It will be found that the unity which existed ;in the Primitive Church, before it became secularized and divided under Constantino, was of the simplest charac ter; Each national or provincial Church exercised independently the right of regulating its own ecclesiastical af fairs: and forms of devotional services. The terms of general union were few and; simple, chiefly the "Creed." and forms of Baptism and the Lord's Supper, with; acknowledgment of the Holy Scrip ture. : In the Church under the Apostles we find St. Paul granting permission to the. Gentile Christians to disregard the Jewish rites and ordinances, which the Hebrew Christians diligently observed, thereby allowing a diversity in religious life and -forms of worship far greater than any existing between EvangelicalOhurches. The Bame spirit of liberty was enjoyed by the, early Christians, and we are often surprised at the difference which prevailed in; their observances. Their unity was displayed and exercised in general assemblies of representatives from the several ChurcheB, to bear testimony to their common faith or to adopt united action for the general good. It, was only when the liberty of indi vidual Churches was destroyed by the attempts of the majorty to enforce a uni form; system of doctrinal symbols and ceremonial observances, and when the Papacy imposed its despotic dominion upon the free assemblies of the Churches, tbat the Scriptural unity of the general Church was destroyed. It is certain that much more real and intelligent agreement in the doctrines of the Gospel, and far deeper and more con firmed, knowledge of Holy Scripture, as well as freedom from the superstitions of the then prevailing popular ignorance, are to be found among the members of the Evangelical Churches than existed at any, period in the ChurcheB of the early . ages. Exangelical Christians are, also, ,now warned and so far secured against the heresies and errors of past ages, especially against those resulting from; the supposed right of the State or of -religious bodies to enforce by penalties a particular form of belief or worship. We may hope, therefore, that the Evanerelical Churches, trained and instructed by experience, and prepared for the great grace and blessing of unity, may be enabled to secure its possession by- Btrictly guarding against interference with the liberty of individual Christians or, Churches in their forms of worship and Church government, valuing and loving as; brethren all who hold the one having faith of the Gospel exemplified in a life of godliness and love. P' " - ' Let us hear the Apostle " beseeching us by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that there be no divisions among us, and that we be perfectly joined together, in the same mind and in the same judgment." " Is Christ divided ?" And when there are " divisions among us, are we not yet carnal ? " (1 Cor. iii.) Truly the Lord's people have much to deplore — much to amend. Before the omniscient mind of our Lord are all the evils which our divisions have caused to His people, and all the good they have- withheld from', the world. How , have1 they obstructed His IcwingVwili for the -redemption of ,mtua-, bind and the extension of His kingdom ? i How many thousands of souls, to speak after human probability, might have been led to the knowledge and grace of Christ had His people not ' been split asunder into conflicting elements ? Surely these thoughts must awake , us, to the all- important duty of' setting aside the obstacles to our union. Let us still neglect the prayer and command of our Lord, evidently' brought home to us by the signs of the times, and what can we expect but to be cast away as.' a Church and people from His presence; and to be deprived of < the, light and truth we have neglected and 'disobeyed. i 