LITERAEY NOTES. THE Review of Reviews of September 15 (Melbourne: R. A. Thompson and Co.) con tains two character sketches. Seven nages are given to the "Queen o£ the Sandwich Islands," a very much overrated personage. The sovereignty of the Sandwich Islands is a farce, the country being governed by Ameri can adventurers, in whose hands the King or Queen is a puppet King Kalakaua's chief occupation was Keeping a brass band. Por traits are given of leading personages in Hawaii. James Russell Lowell is the subject of the second character sketch. There is a criticism of hiB poetry and prose, and a collection of anecdotes and personal items. We see no mention in any of the biographical notices of Lowell of Heenan's invitation to him, when a student, to drop university learning, and become what nature intended him for-a j? reat prizefighter. Heenan thought Lowell warn throwing his life away by sticking to the University. He was preceptor of the athletic class which Lowell attended, and the promising student was his favourite pupil. Lowell owes his fame to his satirical verse (the '"Biglow Papers") and his prose. His serious poetry jiust be classed as only "fair to middling." The "Caricatures of the Month" in this number of the Review of Reviews include several taken from Australian comic papers. The rest are from Continental journals, and are mostly hits at the Franco-Russian Alli ance. Mr. Stead wants to take a "census of ghosts," and appeals to his readers to supply him with facts within their own knowledge according to a plan he publishes. He takes it to be " conclusively established " that ghosts do appear; but then Mr. Stead is very credulous, and, as a correspondent wrote, master of all subjects that can be studied in seven minutes or less. The lead ing articles in the September magazines have about a page each given to them, and the "average papers" are briefly summarised. There is consequently multifarious reading, of the paragraph order. On page 291 is a map of the United States, showing which states have adopted the Australian mode of voting at elections. They number 28, and include the leading eastern, middle, and western States, but none of the southern, in which elections are so conducted as to practically disfranchise the black race. THE admirers of Burns in Kilmarnock in tend to issue an annual Burns Chronicle, commencing in January next. It is to be devoted to various matters relating to the poet and his family which it is calculated will be of general interest. THE Earl of Hosebery's monograph on the younger Pitt, which belongs to Messrs. Mac millan's series," Twelve English Statesmen," will be published immediately. Mr. Morley's Chatham and Prof. Beesly's Queen Elizabeth, in the same collection, may both be expected before Christmas. THE October number of MaemiUaris Maga zine will contain a new story by Mr. Rudyard Kipling, " His Private Honour," being an episode in the career of Private Ortheris. The Torch and Colonial Book Circular for the half year ending Jane 30 is to hand. It is edited by Mr. E. A. Petherick. A list is given of new books by all publishers. Among the works announced is the " Maori-Poly nesian-Dictionary," by Mr. Kdwanl Tregear, of New Zealand. IN his recently-published memoirs, Count von Roon, the Prussian War Minister in 1866 and 1870-71, made some remarks about Count von Moltke's hesitation to bombard Paris. Moltke (remarks the Daily News) was a good deal annoyed, and explained his action in bis last book. Major von Moltke, nephew of the deceased field-marshal, now publishes a letter which his uncle wrote from Versailles on December 22, 1870. It says:-"The general, longing for the ter mination of tnis fearful war, makes one forgetful that it faas only lasted five months. ' Everything is hoped from the bombardment J of PariB. That this baa not taken place is ascribed to a delicate regard for the Parisians, or even to the influence of a certain exalted personage. I have already received j copies or verses urging me to commence the 1 bombardment in the following words:- j 1 Why, dear Moltke, go you round The great, big thing without a sound; Be wise, dear | Moltke, soon letta hear the cannons' boom, boom, boom.' What it means to attack a I fortress for the defence of which an army I stands prepared one surely might have learnt at Sebastopol. The first attack on that place cost 19,000 and the second 13,000 men. In order to bombard Paris we must first have the forts. AH has been pre pared for the bombardment, bat. I expect much more from the slow but sure action of hunger. We know that for weeks past in1 Paris only a lew of the street lamps are lit, that in most bouses, in Bpite of the early and unusually severe winter, fires are not burning on account of complete want of co»L A letter of General V. to his wife, sent by balloon poet and intercepted, gives the following prices: -Batter, 2m. per lb.; fowl, 20f.; turkey, without truffles, 60f. to 70f. The general «ives a tempting description of his supper-a erring with mustard sauce and a beautiful filletw beet <He tells how his cook, in order to procure the latter, had to . promise the butcher a safe-conduct to one of the forts in order to try And see the Prussians. These confidential communications between hus band and wife characterise the real situation better than all newspaper accounts. The Rothschilds and Pereires have ,still then truffled turkey, thejtorerclaasea are pajjfotud claaaisindeed, haft been for long. Swh a affsh* canmrt bwt k>ng. May God glvfe & sneedy and happy isroe; and I do not doubt it.* i Gitjllm ntwat 9» Wayfarer. WOKS* M* 