CHECKMATED; A Deep-Laid Plot. By CAPTAIN W- D L’ESTRANGE. The world has genie wrong with me lately, so to speak. I,.Gerald Mortimer, a young ; man about town, a-member of two West end clubs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle—the only living relative I had, excepting a half cousin—from whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly allowance, and, as the phrase goes, had “ great expectations.” But this was not the worst cf it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I had fondly believed that I i was acceptable not only to the voung lady in question, but to her parents. Now. how ever, to add to my chagrin at finding mvsclf comparatively without means, I fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the “cold shoulder” from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather expensive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year—the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A conple of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve months’income. • - This uncle of mine, my dead father’s elder brother, from whom my chief ■ source of income had been derived, was a county squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hos pitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree; The mischief between us had come about as unexpected as it was sudden, I had been ac cused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my mone tary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half-consin, was a young fcllowabout a year or two roy junior; but somehow, although so near of an iige, as well as being relatives, and frequently meet ing, we bad never taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what 1 have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling —of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting—which was utterly false; for whatever my failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. Uni: spring morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles frofu town, found me' at the nearest railway station to my uncle’s manor,-with no luggage beyond'a small travelling bag and a rug. The little market town where ! alighted was but live miles from the Hall, and breakfast ing at the one decent hotel in the.place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving iny en cumbrances in -charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tem pered people, liis passion was soon over; anil yet, when aisposed, he could be ns obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates had proved on many occasions. But to ruy agreeable surprise 1was told, after, my ar rival had been announced by one of the old servants—a strange experience. to cic then to have to send in my name—that “the squire” would come tome in the library at Whatever feeling of hope .-might ha re been in my heai t as to a reconciliation between us suddenly ieft it as my uncle entered. JIis handsome .and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasurp, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in bis bine eyes; as they met mine which I lia'd never seen be “ Have you u0.-sen5.gqf shame ieft, Gerald Mortimer,’:’-he said in a hard .voice, after lie had closed the door behind him, "that you have the effrontery to come to this house?— you. who.have disgraced the name you hear —disgraced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his count! y—and have coininiftpfl' a vulgar crime against society and me?”, •• i rail to understand you, sir,” I rejoined, utterly astonnded at his words. “If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to day to try——” ‘‘Pshaw !” he interrupted. " Honest men j have gambled; and in time I might have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown' your regret for what had passed. But you—you, a Mortimer—to stoop to for gery.” " It is false,” I cried—“ false os the other charge 1 And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth 1” ' “ Gerald. Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds,” continued the squire ; “ for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, ray’ own nephew, have forged my name.” And as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast pocket of his shooting jacket a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smallerpiece of paper. “Examine that, sir,” he added, “and let me hear if you have the effrontery to like wise deny your own signature ?” I could scarcely credit my own eyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonored acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer, Es quire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and ap parently duly accepted by my uncle. “ Well,sir,” asked he, impatiently, “ what have yon to say “ That I have never seen this document before to-day,” I answered. “What I” he thundered. “ Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know as well as I do my own?” "I do deny itj” I added, passionately, “ The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might deceive even myself; but I swear to you, sir, that I neyer drew or accepted a bill iq my life.” I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed ; but still, as he took the bill fromme.be glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some coniirmatory evidence iu hi? mind, in addition to the bandwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, ami was not just then disposed to speak,I added: “ Will you please to tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are aware, in connection with that forged acceptance?” II Yes,” he replied, " that is only fair. As I understand, it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received 110 instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such a draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it-bore your signature, when, to save the honor of our family, I gave instructions thatit should be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be instituted ; and the person in whose hands it was—a West-end money.-lepder—asserted that lie discounted the bill foryon,. and further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill,and what purports to be your endorsement to him.” " It is as false as the rest, Bir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a .second glance at the forged bill. “ I know the man by name, but I know nothing good -.of him. I have had no transactions with b>m—in fact, never spoke to him in my fife.*' " You declare Jhis.upon your honor, Gerald Mortimer ¥' asked my uncle', after a . “ I do, sir,” | added; .« and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money-lender.” “You-will stay here until to-morrow,” said my nncle, looking at his watch. “ I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly.” “ If yon please, no, sir,” 1 rejoined, deter minedly. . “'The answering of an in famous charge like this admits of no dc iay-” “ But you have been travelling all night, I expect,” added the squire, “and require some rest, surely 2” The ‘words were kindly meant and ex pressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dogcart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning, shortly before eleven o’clock, found me at the office of the money-lender whe had held the forged ac ceptance, and who bad asserted that he bad received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told, that he was not in, and would not be at business until the morrow'. There was but one solitary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, and, as it occurred to me, as though I was not un known to him ; and, moreover, on declining to give my name, 1 fancied the ghost of a smile ployed about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lender’s office I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, tlic Row was pretty fall of equestrians, many of whom were known to me. I hod been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the moment a carriage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my afiec ticns gave me a little bow and a balf rrigbtened smile; but,- to my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouchsafed not the slightest acknowledgement to my salnta | uonsiuenng that, it not actually an ac cepted suitor of his daughter, my preten I tions had not been ignored, and that for two | seasons I had been a welcome visitor to bis house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between an heir presumptive to much wealth and a young man with two hundred pounds a year. The following day £ was to have another odd experience of life, but of a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparalleled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. About the same hour as on-the previous morning I once more called at the office of the money lender, bill discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were espeeted, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced as to name. He was young, well-dressed, and not bad look ing, and received me with a very cool nod. “ When I teli yon that I am Mr. Gerald .Mortimer,”! said, “you will guess the ob ject of my visit.” There is no occasion to give me your name,” was the cool rejoinder, “ for I have too much cause to remember it and yon. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bill.” 11 Yon infamous scoundrel,” I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, “you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me iu your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you I” Go on, my friend,” retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. “ No,” I added, “ I haTe nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forged, or connived at the forgery, of both my uncle's signature and mine, and you shall suffer for it.” The scoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of liis room—a scoffing, mocking laugh that I could hear until I got into the Once’clear of his infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place tin matter in the hands of the police authorities; and I actually went some dis tance towards Charing Cross with that in tention in my mind. A little thought, how ever, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further. He was a man my senior bv only a year or two—for we had been school'fellows —but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rely. On reaching his chambers in the Albany he received me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he said : '< A rascally business, Gerald, my boy,and I question if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yarn would not have been the best thing you could have done. However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow.- Dine with me to-night, go with me to She opera, and then you shall have my decision before we part.” “Agreed!” I•> answered; and having gone home to dress I joined my friend later Over dinner he told me that he bad already come to the conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the following morning. It was rather late .when we got to Covent. Garden Theatre, but we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On get ting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full hopse, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were- making our way out, somebody pushed against me—rudely, as it.seemed—and I turned to see who was tbs agressor. To my astonishment I dis covered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money lender with whom I had.bad the interview, that morning.. He was evidently only wait-' ing to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met there wos an insolent, aggravating sneer on his Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent look were not, and without a thought of where I was—that ladies were almost touching me op the other side—l struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and he went down with a crash. It was all oyer iu a few seconds. Some people came be tween qs, ray friend seized me by the arip, and presently we were in a handsome cab, being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about?” said my companion when he had got me into the eab. ‘‘In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that yon should knock him down like that?" “ Done to me 1” I answered, hotly. “ It was the fellow we were speaking of to- day— the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill.” “ Oh, oh 1” ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; “I understand It all now. Never theless, you would have been a wiser man if you had kept your hands oil him.” “I could not help it,” I rejoined.. “He pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the s'neer that was on bis face, I fancy you would have done as I did if you had been in my place.” “ Perhaps,” was the admission, ** but any how we must be before him in the momiqg, or we may have him invoking the pid pf a magistrate instead of ourselves.” The cab was pnlled up just then to tell the driver to take us to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In the smoke room, on our arrival, we found several men; well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guards man in uniform who bad _been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We hdd not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smbke room—a pale and affrighted look on bis face—with the startling announce ment that on^ of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a conch in the card Springing to our feet ve hurried in a body to tbe adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the 6cene which a moment or two later met my eyes. Lying on one of the conches, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible con* vulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there all was over. Apoplexy some ot the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body and tbe inquest had been held. • The cause of death, however, I guessed at ! that' night, or, more correctly speaking, in ’ the early hours of the morning, when I re turned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revengj, to having forged my name to the bill and our unole’s acceptance of it. His accomplice, tbe money-lender, he farther stated, was to have the proceeds for con- j niving at this criminal transaction, and, in 1 fact, bad been the one to suggest tbe scheme for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In tbe interval tbe police bad been at work, bat tbeir endeavors to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden. Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle’s favor and to my old position as to “ expectations,” it is scarcely necessary for me to relate; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 