OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] It was a cyclone, a blizzard, a vnoon soon, and a typhoon all in one. Knocked out was no name for it. Disaster does not describe it. Calamity is only a weak figure of speech for the defeat. The Republican party, for the time being, is gone. Phew 1 Wasn't it a stunner '( Didn't the ins_ mourn and the outs rejoice? I can imagine the feelings of the ancient Jews when they first caught sight of the Promised Land. Well, ire over, the battle is fought and won, and now we can sit quietly down, to figure on the loss and gain. One of Chauncey Depew best jokes at the Stanley dinner on Saturday night was that he was glad of Stanley's arrival at this time, for having such ceeded in discovering Livingston, and having found Emin Pasha, perhaps he would help us to discover what had become of the Republican party. In' sooth, it was a brutal joke. I don't believe in resting on the dead, at least before the corpse is cold. If the great chiefs of the Sioux or the Sacs and Foxes could have witnessed the scalp dance of the great Wiuouisky and the Tammany Braves, it would have delighted their hearts, and in deep libations of fire water they would have given thanks to the great Spirit for the magnificent victory accorded his faith fullchililreu; 'At an assemblage of Republicans and Democrats down at Jerry Flynn's, in the Sixth Ward, McCarty remarked it was the McKinley tariff playin' into the hands of the British to down Parnell and Home Rule. But Tim Fceny paralysed the crowd, for he said that holiday the rayson, and he had just got it from headquarters from ould Boss Croker himself. The crowd held their breaths and gathered about i Tim anxious to know the great secret, and, he told them in a solemn voice that the 'Boss told him the reason of the victory with bekase Tammany had the most votes. It may not be in the politest form or the best grammar, but its tim frozen truth, and that's about the size of its _ _ _ , ^ } While to the Republicans, no doubt, the result of the elections, is little less than, a calamity, to the , cause, of humanity and a government of the people, and for the people, and by the people," there is a gum wherever human government is known. Where on the fine of the globe could such a revolu- tion | occur without bloodshed or violence? We have in our midst elements us turbulent and cruel as can be found on the face of the earth. Europe has thrown upon us the worst of her anarchists and murderers whom she had to drive out, because she could not control them. We have placed the ballot in their hands, and yet the Governmont is unshaken. Cleve- land goes out, and Harrison takes his place. Harrison retires, and there is a reasonable expectation that a Democrat will succeed him in the White House. If he should do so, on the day of the inauguration the outgoing and the in- coming Presidents will ride to the capital in the same carriage. The defeated candidate will receive almost as many cheers from the multitude assembled us his successor. The great ledgers of the Republic will be handed over to the proper officers, balanced to the hun redth part of a dollar, and the next day the business will go forward us if there had never been a change. It in no use grumbling, speculating on causes or moralising on future possibilities, the American people have de ended for the Democrats, and the best thing to do is to accept the result in an honest manly fashion. From one end of the Union to the other we hear but one report, and that is that it was the quietest and most orderly election ever seen in the country. The battle ' is over, carry off the dead ; but as I have often said in these letters before, my sympathies generally run with the under dog, in the light. " Requiescat in pace." lying down. The arrival of Stanley was one of the startling sensations of the week, for he has been one of the most marked men in the world for the last 15 years. To look at him now one can scarcely realise the account of his forlorn condition at the time of his nuptials in Westminster Abbey. In his case, evidently, marriage is not a failure, for Mrs. Stanley-nee Dorothy Ten want looks like a woman who would bring any man back to life. Certainly Stanley never looked better than he does now. I dined with him in Paris on his return from Africa in 1878; he then looked like a ghost, and a very poor ghost at that he sat all the evening and scarcely said a word, of- ate, or drank a thing, in fact, he looked like a very sick man. Now he has grown stout and cheery ; he looks like a happy man,' he talks more than of yore, and is altogether, a different person from Lyhane was when he left to start on his last expedition.' He was then advertised to lecture at Steinway Hall, but he left here almost at a moment's notice, and his coming back is like the march of a conqueror. All classes are eager to bronze hint, but Stanley saw so much agonizing in Africa that the thing has lost its novelty Evidently Mrs. Stanley is a good enough lion for him. She is proud of her great husband, and he seems proud of his handsome and talented wife. 1 His lectures will be the grandest success ever seen on the lecture platform, and when he goes to England he will have to get a horse and cart to carry off his bonds. Strange complications arise from day to any in fact, we are never without a sensation of some kind. A few weeks ago a man was found dead in one of the rooms of a hotel at Yonkers. He had committed suicide. He had registered under the name of Smith, but had left no clue to his identity, and this looked as if he might find his final resting place in Potter's Field. Just in the I nick of time a nice old gentleman by the name of Sumner appeared upon the scene, and he identified the suicide as a friend and client of his by the name of Edgar, a wealthy English chemist, who had come to this country about two years ago with a fortune of about one hundred thousand dollars. Sumner took charge of the body, paid all the expenses of the funeral, and then intimated that possibly there might have been foul play. Mr. Edgar had a couple of nephews who were a little off colour. and that possibly they might have had something to do with it. Mr. Sumner was sorely exercised at the fate of his old friend, and appeared very anxious to know what had become of his hundred thousand dollars. After a time there began to be doubts if there were any Edgar. in the flesh, and if at the bottom of the whole affair there was not a plot to utilise the body of Smith the suicide as a dummy for the mythical Edgar, whose life was comfortably insured. The record of the pious old Sumner was overhauled, and it was discovered that he had been mixed up in a number of shady affairs, but so far the cunning fox had escaped through the meshes of the law. When detection of the-fraud became almost known, some one wrote a letter saying that the dead Edgar had been seen walking Broadway two weeks after he was buried. If it was a plot Mr. Sumner will never get a sliver of insurance. The Duchess of Marlborough, who married the notorious Duke of that name, has been in the city for several weeks trying to raise some money, mean- while the constables have been hunt- ing around to find something tangible to levy on belonging to Her Grace. The lady is called Her Grace and the Duke is her disgrace. No charge for this, as iT expect to send it to the London Punch. From her lirsthusband,Mr.Hammersly, she received at his death the interest of several millions of dollars. The lady lived high and fast, and used up her immense income almost as fast as it accumulated. On the occasion of her marriage she drew a hundred thousand dollars iromhorlateliusband'sexecutors,, and like the generous lady that she was footed all the bills-his Graceful nibb.-, not having even to pay for the state rooms on the elegant steamer that carried him and his lovely American bride back to his castle in Hial Lion's Hill. When they got home the roof of his house needed fixing, and away went the tail end of that 100)000 down, then there was crockery to buy and many of the kettles and pans iiLtlje kitchen needed soldering and no wonder for some of them came over with the Conqueror, Several little debts, of variouskindsremained to be settled, and the Duchess required another dot. She called again on the Now Yorkey's tors for another hundred thousand!; they kicked like mules, but she got it. That has gone where the woodbine twinoth, as the late Jim Fisk of blessed memory once remarked to an Erie, stockholder, and now, like Oliver Twist, she is asking for more. Her English creditors are hustling round to, and something to levy onjfbub as yet they have not found anything large enough to ! make a canary, bird's porch, They would like Her GraceutOitnako a, post obit on her American expectations, but she is not doing that sort of thing now, she will wait till she gets back to Blenheim. > ?', k . ' Sam Gonvpers, the Ju'piter-Tbnans of the Federation of Labour, is in trouble, and his Socialistic associates propose to throw him overboard. ' Sam is acoustic tutional kicker. F He, is the Man who" tried to down Powderly. Now he himself is down ,','amongjj the dead meat Well, this" is a sad, wicked world, and the fewer we praise in little better. Ta, ta: ~-. " "-""agr 