"TWIXT SHADOW AND SHINE." A CHBISTMAS REYBRIE. (Caisaxoz.) " The Christmas bells .from hill to hill Answer each other in the mist." The anniversary of the birth of Christis at hand, and in a little while the conclud ing festival of the dying year, and the dying year itself will have been carried away on the wings of Time to an unknown future, bearing with it the inanimate forms or shadows' of long eherished memories and hopes and fears. Christmas \--happy, holy, merry Christmas, the harbinger of unity and good cheer-is to most men a season of mirth and hopeful rejoicing, but to me it is a time for quiet yethappy retrospect. I like to sit and glance over the records of the past, to linger o'er the turned down pages, to wander away again down the pleasant avenues of past happiness, to people my vision land with the absent and the dead, to converse with them and behold them once more just as they appeared in the days of ' Auld Lang Syne,' with the full sunshine of God's grace shedding its lustrous rays upon them. So to-night as the ghosts of Christmas past re- visit me, I find quiet enjoympent and solace in recalling their associations. Others glance eagerly for ward, and prepare themselves for continued activity. I prefer to look back and rear a precious mental monument over the hallowed sepulchre of by-gone years. Dreamer, some may call me, but that I am contentto allow them to do believing that those are best equipped for the ever. recurring round of duty who possess some mental paradise in which they may seek and find solace and strength, and I believe that they are most likely to enoble the fate which is assigned to them, and which they cannot alter, who are able to appreciate the beauty of the past and pre-. sent beauties surrounding them, even though the appreciation is bestowed upon aught so fading as " the quivering light on a leaf, the changing colour of the sky, or the painting of a flower which has passed through the hands of the Creator." Have I any fellow dreamers among my readers ? Are any of them indulging in similar reveries to-night! As I sit this evening finding, pictures in the glowing embers of the fire, I can hoar the music of the church bells, from the next room .comes the rippling laughter of innocent childhood, and ever anon catch sounds of the mother singing her infant to sleep, just as Mary sang her lullaby to the -, baby Christ in his manger cradle nearly 2000 years ago, little knowing that the ad .. ven.; of the n clld ;,she, 'Asirsed wcosli change the life of the world and inspire its people with a higher conception of duty and a firmer hope of ultimate and never ending happiness. Every influence seems to be at work providing music to harmonise with the thoughts which occupy the brain and whisper the restless spirit ' Peace be still,' helping us to draw into a new and fragrant chamber of the soul much that is good and beautiful, and to bring the thoughts of nearer and nearer-though distant yet- Ci to Him who stilled the waves on Galilee's re stormy sea. It is well that such influences -even though they be transient-should E be at work as we approach the close of. the crumbling year. It is well that even sorrow to or keen disappointment, equally with grail- of tade for abundant blessing, should direct at our thoughts to the evidence, everywhere w present, of the fact that Christ is" with us c always in all that we do," that we should n, realise that ei Unheard, bocause our ears are dell ; Unseen, because our eyes are dim; sc He walks the earth, the Wonderful, hl And all good deeds are done to Him. bi Let us glance round us and note the ni proofs of His presence. His is the glory of I the sun, the softer radiancy of the moon, and the varied beauty of the stare-in the tc flagrant flowers, the flowing streams, the w song of birds, the smile of infancy, the b spring of youth, the glory of honoured age, wel have tokens that remind us of the g 'Man of Sorrows,' whose crowning act of u self-sacrifile on the heights of Calvary C gave new hope to all mankind. al Coupled with all these hallowing associa- b tions of the season and under their sub- E duing inluences we may well employ g recollection-God's best gift to mankind- s to bring back to us some echo of the d happiness of by-eone years. How vividly b we remember-which comes to us peeping si out of the misty past and associated in our tl minds with good fairies and fairy tales-in a the dear old home of our boyhood when a, every prospect seemed fair and bright, n when the firm grip of a father's hand con- p veyed an expression of love which was v only surpassed by that purest of all earthly ti affections-a mother's love. How we romped 0: and played, and built our castledl in the air. r, Then there were no vacant chairs at the t, fireside, no untenanted chambers in the h heart, but one by one the lives which were a entwined with our own have passed away, u se that we almost shudder now at the n thought of our comparative isolation. h Before our schoolboy days were ended some of our playmates were called away aI and how many of our boon companions a have crossed the dark river since then- a 1 those with whom we laughed and made ii merry, with whose troubles we could sym- o pathise in that cloudless time before the a world had so soured our hearts that we were to some eo?tent indifferent to the y sorrows of others. Then we had the r Christmas times which marked our entry t upon the real journey of life-monuments of unfulfilled good resolutions, reminders a of the period when we sowed the seed of which we are reaping the harvest to-day. I We think of the time when a great strong 1 love predominated our whole nature and t then of that period when the vision was ruthlessly dashed aside and the fond desire of our heart was crushed to pieces beyond hope of recovery-and when forgiveness i was the uppermost word on the quivering t lip of the forsaken. Shall the recollection 1 of such Christmaa-tides exercise no in fluence P Assuredly it does in that it bids us turn away from the idle chatter of the world, and on God's own day gather e together the faded flowers of the 'past, d and remember that to have enjoyed l their fragrant beauty, even for a little while, was worth the bleeding hearts d it left as. Then comes the memory of the Christmas when the mother's greeting was a no longer given on earth, or of that other solemn Christmas when a little sister we i loved and cherished was carried away to ,t rest. The echo of the child's still small e voice is still with us, only that it is clearer and more musical, speaking to us from the further shore, and calling us home. But it why enumerate all these memories which h exist in the minds of allwomen and men? The h mother who longs for her absent wayward w son, the widow, living in the light of past happiness, and waiting patiently for the s time when a re-union with her husband n may take place and "IGod's own love shall of set her at his side again." st The night grows late and I must quit ir my reverie, perhaps to renew in dream land some of the thoughts which have a3 occupied my waking hours. To all my a friends I wish a bright and merry i Christmas, and to sorrowing hearts-which bear deep scars that the world never sees m I would say, have patience weary soul. at Enjoy that quiet happiness which memory r- with its tender loving generosity affords. Remember that you may ennoble fate by bravely bearing it-in a little while your py sun will have set "in the golden west, u1e and the sapphire blue of your earth sky ad will change to a cold grey, and then finally to the rainbow will appear. Perform your re- daily round, though ambition has en vanished and hope has fled, battle an daily for victory-none the less ht glorious if it be a victory over self and in good time God's kind, pitying ed finger will touch you and give you that ye long, long rest, and the realisation of some a of your life dreams in that bright land lar Where love is never cold; ng Where loyal hearts and true re Stand ever in the light, slo All rapture through and through al In God's most holy aight. of oh Why is it that when a plumber comes to to mend the pipes, he always has to go back h after his tools ? Probably because a long ly and careful examination' convinces ihim ul that he e·a'b repair thp damage without ald taol, A- . 'c , . . 