THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that pricc. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. S, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, bein<* a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn t got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say :—" Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour s work through sickness. La December, 1SS2, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, Kott^^^my'ap^titoTelT'away." my appetite fell away. I had dreadful Hr*n<tf,,l pain ™in after after eating, eating a bad had taste taih in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest UBed to 'fill-up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, ahd would cough i . and , strain . till I bled ,, s j at the nose, and j, the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very iittle better. I pot so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all tbe beds in ibe hospital were full, and I saw my Club doctor anrl also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' Yo« art in a galloping consumption, and nusst die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said noihi-ng, but shook their head*. "Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away, for a fe -v days. Things went on like this until December, 18J-3, when I caught cold,. got very short of breath, and broke down completely, i was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at onoe, aud was ofr&d; to go • to sleep for fear the pUeym would skoi-e me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my. eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out. into- a. cold clammykEweat. My tongue was like a piece ot brown leather, and Iuould keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few houss at a time, but was so tveak I had to take bold of the furniture to move a few yards, I was always tired and weary, and sitting cc lying, was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours- locking at my hands—nothing but skin and. bcae, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset cae. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you uo good : / so® only patch. ywi'iijp. beeav* wur (MM am diteaiecL' X the* gave over taking his medicine..^ tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a eoagh cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle, lint nothing did any good, and ray friends who ceae to see me said 'WeU, itou, ««"< ^ f&tpart; for another world.' " About the middle of March, 188$, a neighbour, named Joseph. Tafcham, who works in the paper, mills at Dadey Abbey, said to me, ' Ttrui, did yon ever tr§ Mother Seigel's Sjtrap i" and told ma how he had bees cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this madieine I sent my wife to Derby and got a boiile at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoriastreet. After the fiist doee I had an evacuation block as ink and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. Alter taking the medicine foi three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, aad in a few days more' I was able to'go out for a short walk. Ey the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what nad wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have -<»ver never lost a day's work since. since, " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever m my life and have continued so ever since In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and b( ars an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, ecrtainly (as one of the doctors thought) or he kouUI have p«lloped into his grave in less than three Month s, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms liko consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive traH do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of hi* ease to all thinking people. 332.0, JGv; 