a' FiKAL KECKOK tx* I -£- r ALE OF BUSH HFft IK AUSTRALIA.. By G. A« HBNTY. CHAPTER XVIIL— Sbttuko Accotnfrfi. iiejjben soon checked tbe speed of fate bone. Acxiofifi as he vas to arrive eoonss possible, he might, for aught he knew, yet have occasion to try the anim:»' to the utmost, and he there fore reduced the almost racing p&oe; at which he had started Into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, and for several miles kept up the space without flagging. Then they were allowed to ease down into a walk until they got their wind again, aiifr then started into tibi pace, half canter, half £aDop, which iB the usual rate of progression of the colonial horses. They drew rein at last on a slight eminence from which the Donalds* station, a mile or so could be per ^ ^ tT''-* ? ?4 ThankGrod,' Reuben muttered to himself, ?* I am back here at last. There is no occasion j for further hurry,*' and the horses were allowed to go at an easy walk. | 4* ilfiu on horseback,' Jim suddenly said, j touching Reuben's arm. j *' 'Where — where, Jim?' ] ' Gone from de boose, sah, trough dem trees. ; Dare he go again, he gallop fast.' I Reuben had not caught sight of tbe figure, but he pressed his spurs »gijn4 the horses sides. *'i will see who it is, at any rate. Jim, do you ride straight on to the house and say I ehail be there in a 'few minutes.' Ab Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where bis course would probably intersect that of the horseman in the direction Jim had pointed ont, he ~tnmed over rapidly in his joind the thnnpbt bfe \- ?WVfttr lorJC^BlBflison'frTaB mot tanking a*ool | Wfty^bhnTd hptumfroailafl-»qttej justattheena^eio^foarngr.tostartatfnlL' speed on the 'trade of this figure of wtich3im_ tad caught only a glance ? It might be a stock man or someone who had ridden over from one of the neighbouring stations to see bow Donald was getting on ; but even bd, be told himself, no harm was done by b?a «ryqirfng himR^if of that. It was not the way Mr, Barker would take to his station; had it been a neighbour who had come over be would not be likely to leave again so early; neither of the constables would be riding away in defiance of his orders on no account to stir any distance from the house. Presently be oavght a glimpse of the horse man. He was not more than half a mile away sow, but the view be obtained was so instanta neous that he could Bet distinguish any parti culars. 'He is riding fast, anyhow.' he said — *( faster than a man would travel on ordinary business. He is -either a messenger sent on vrgent business, or it is Thome.' He slightly altered the direction of his course, for the speed at which the horseman was travel ungmustxaKe nun ahead of *»'- atthepoint where Beuben had calculated upon cutting bim off In a short distance he would get a view of him, for die trees ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When the. figure came dear of the trees be was but a quarter of a mile away, and tteuben gave a start, xor he recognised at once the uniform of bis own corps. It could only be one of the men left at Donald's, and, with «t- BTMawntinn of anger, Beuben pressed his horse to the utmost in pursuit of the man, who was now almost directly ahead, at the same fa*™** utteringa loud calL The man glanced back, but to Reuben's surprise,^ instead of stopping, waved his hand above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Beuben was beside 1i»m1 ?? What do you mean he thundered out. Sut the man pointed ' He has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and has shot Brown dead. I wQl «tell you after- j wards. There, do you see, sir, over that brow ' there. At the moment Beuben saw a figure on horse back rise against the skyline fully two miles in : front. ** Bide steadily, Smithson,' be said ; ' keep ' me in view, and I will keep ft»m. We must overtake him in time, for his horse is canying double. 1 shall push on, for I am better mounted than you are, and 'he may try to : double - and throw us off his If any. j thing happens to me don't stop for a moment, j but hunt that fellow down to the end.' j Beuben had been holding bis horse somewhat j in hand during the last mile, for he thought there must be scone reason for the constable's strange conduct, but he now let him go, and tuning himto his full speed, soon left the con- , stable behind. He knew that for some dis tance ahead the country was flat and unbroken, ! and that the fugitive would have no chance of -ogf£alment which ever way he turned. Upon reaching the spot where he had seen the bush- ; zftrcerpass the wide plain opened before him, ana he gave a shout of exultation as he saw that he had ganed considerably. Thefog^m, j indeed, had evidently not been presang his ? horse. /'He think* he has along journey before j him,*' Beuben mattered. ' I fancy he's mis- ; taken. He thinks he's only got & constable 1 after him, aud that he can easily nd himself of him whenever he comes up to him, 37o doubt ' he learned from some of the convicts that 1 everyone is away, therefore thinks *»?tngoU I safe from alt^raxsuit when once he has wiped -out Smithson . All the better. I «h«ll over take him all the sooner.' Such indeed was the view of the bushranger, who kept along at a steady canter, troubling himself very little about the solitary constable j whom he believed to be in pursuit of b?m. | When, indeed, on glancing round he saw that ! his pursued was within a quarter of a mile of i hiq^ he reined in his horse, and turning, calmly ! awaited his coming. j Beuben at once checked the speed of his horse. He knew that the man was said to be a deadly shot with his pistol, but he was con fident in his own skill, for, with constant and assiduous practice, he had attained a marvellous proficiency with his weapon. But he did not care to give his foe the advantage which a man silting on a steady seat possesses over one sitting in the saddle of a galloping horse ; he therefore advanced only at a Walk. The bushranger put down the change in speed to; fear caused by his resolute attitude, and shouted : ' Look here, constable ; you had best turn your horse's head and go home again* You know well enough that one constable is no match for me, so you had best rein up before I put a bullet in your head. If you shoot you are just as likely to kill the young woman here as you are me, and you know I don't make any mistake.' Beuben was already conscious of his disad vantage in this respect, for the bushranger held the girl on the saddle in front of him, so that her bodv completely covered his. She was enveloped in a 6hawl which covered her head as well as her figure. Her captor held her tightly pressed to him with bis left a™, while his right was frse to use a pistol. Beuben checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while be thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thome, for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex clamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. ' Oh, it's you, is it he said ; ** I thought it was only one of your men ; but the advice I gave ia as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on you.' ' Tour mates will never be down on anyone a?ain, Tom Thome,' Beuben said sternly. *' We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner.' 'It's a lie !M the bush-ranger said furiously. 'They are two hundred miles away in the bush.' 44 With your friend Bobitu, eh? Yes they were, but they are not now, Thome. They are lyinp under the ashes of that hut of yours close 'to the tree where you buried your treasure; and it's I who am going to have help, not yea rly men will be up in a few minutes,' and he glanced round at the constable, whom the bush-ranger now perceived for the first time less than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect they were in tended to excite. They filled the bush ranger with fury and desire for vengeance, while the eight of the approaching constable showed hiin that unless he took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs to his horse and dashed at Beuben. When within twenty yards he fired. Beuben felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron bad been passed across his cheek. Thome uttered a shout of exultation as he saw him start, but, as he kept his seat, again raised his hand to fire. In an instant Beuben discharged his pistol, and the bush ranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Beuben's bullet passed through his wrist. Throwingthe burden before him headlong to the ground Thome drew a pistol with his left hand, and the two shots rung out again at al most tbe same instant. Beuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. TTts bullet passed through the bush-ranger's body, while Thome's pistol was diverted some what from its aim. and the bullet struck Beubea'fi left shoulder instead of his head* In an instant he had drawn another pistol. ' Surrender, or I fire !' and then seeing, by the change in the bushranger's face and by his collapsing figure, that he was badly hit, he waited, still keeping Thorae covered with the muzzle, for the bushranger had a charge left in the pistol which hebtiU grasped in his left hand. Twice Thorne tried to raise it, but in vaiiL Then be reeled in theeaddle, the pistol dropped from his hand, and he fell heavily over on tbe ground. Beuben at once leaped from his horseand ran to raise Kate lSllison, who lay motionless oh . the ground as she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped ronnd her head he found she was insensible. Kneeling her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped up. . 'Badly hurt, captain?' he asked as he y Published by ml flip anffigr. leapftfl off his hone* for the Mood wao strotun ing down Reuben's faoe, and his left arm hung Tinrlrtn ? . £ \- 'Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flaak in the holster ; just bring it here asd sprinkle her fa***, I hope she is only stunned ; but that scoundrel threw her off with eucb Joroe that ahe may WfU fef fcadly hurt»' I 'Is he done for, captain r' the man asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bush ranger as he prooeeded to obey Reuben's in structions ; ' because if you ain't certain about it, I had better put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing 'possum and then turning the tables upon you.' 41 There ia no fear of that, Smithson: he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for I would rather that he were tried for his crimes.' It was some before Kate Ellison opened her eyes. For a moment she looked vaguely round, then, as her eyes fell upon Beuben's face, die uttered a little cry and raised herself . into a sitting position. 'What is it, Captain Whitney? Are you badly hurt?' 'Thank God you have recovered, Miss Tfliwwy Ton began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid you ware seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. X can assure you I am not much hurt; only a flesh wound, l fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar-bone.' 'And you have saved me again, Captain Whitney r' 'Yes, thank God, I have had that good for tune,' Beuben said quietly, ' and this time for good, for Tom Thorne will never molest you ^ut can't I do something? Your face is blooding Please let me bind it up,' tearing off the bottom of her dress, she nroceaded to handaee Beuben's face. The oonstable took off the black silk hand kerchief which he wore *otznd his neck. ? ''^X thmk^ mi^'ttiiB^waimakea jding for his atml-jand wtoi^iat isdwiethe^ca^taan will be . |u»tiy rwfct ^3-o yon^thinkyoa out side back, sir?' he asked .when he -Had fastened' the handkerchief, 4 or will you wait till X ride back to the farm, and fetch help?' 'I can ride well enough,' Beuben said, trying to rise to his feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. ' No, I don't think I can ride back* Smithson.'' 'There is a light cart at the farm,' Kate Ellison said ; 'please fetch that. I will stop here with Captain Whitney till you comeback.' 'I think that will be the best way miss,' the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at once. It was an hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart ; but before he arrived Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Beuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. 'I did as you told me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con stables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had Km* to ifriTilr what it meant that xuan rushed in. He caught me by the wrist and said, * Come aloog, it's no use screaming.' Mrs. Barker caught up something aud rushed at him, but he knocked her down with the butt end of his pistol. Then he caught up her shawl, which was lying on the chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me up and carried me out. X tried to struggle, but he seemed to holdme as if I were in a vyce. I heard AHce scream, and then I must have fainted, for the nest thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was so muffled up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and I made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still in sensible, till he put me down, and then — I think J intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if there was one, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. There did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I sup posed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; end from the distance you said you were going, I did not think you could be back for days. Presently I felt mm stop and turn his Aorse, and then when he spoke I knew that he had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impossible ; but I could not be Bure, because I could -not hear plainly through the shawL Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know anything more t»n I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were.' '3T0, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellison, andhave wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have got one oz them a prisoner, but an the rest of the gang are killed. The distance is not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march ana two sixties. ' We attacked them at daybreak on . the third day after leaving.' ' But it is only the fourth day to-day, is it not? At least it seems so tome.' 41 It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader of the gang was not with them, and I learned from the man we had talen prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty-four hours before, I was naturally 'very anxious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So we started at once, and, after a sharp fi^it with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterhole sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the second night out. Of course the horse I had ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with my bh&k; boy on two of the horses which we had taken from the bushrangers, and which 'had been led so far. We made anotherforty miles by midnight, ans then halted till daybreak to give the horsed rest, but they were so dene up th s morning that we could not get them much beyond a foot pace. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped ptij and God we are just in time. The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her band on his and said quietly: 'Thank you. Then you have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me F' 'X had,' as yousee. pood reason to be uneasy, Miss Ellison ' At this moment a horse's nootB were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been unable to obtain any information as to what had taken place. Mm Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband; but the dead body of the con stable by the door and the disappearance of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Beuben, and until he met the constable returning he had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so ne did not arrive at the scene of the fray till an hour after its conclusion. He uttered exclama tions of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Beuben had been gradually growing faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to his own comforts as well as to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the cup of Beuben's flask and put it to his lips. 41 Thank you, Jim ; that is just what I wanted.7' ' Mftsna lie down quiet,'1 Jim said, ' no good sit up ;' and gathering a large bunch of grass he placed it under Reuben's head, and Beuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Hr. and Mx&fBarker; rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was ao stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. 44 That's right, my poor child,' Mrs. Barker said; *4 a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue.' - 44 1 do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems a miracle.' ' Captain Whitney eeems to spring out of the ground whenever he's wonted. He seems hurt badly. The constable said it was a broken collar-bone, but it must be something a good deal worse than that' 'Oh. don't say so, Mrs. Barker, after what he's done for me. If he were to die !' 44 There, there, don't tremble so, child; we must hope that it is not ao bad as that ; but he would hardly be looking so bad as he does for only a broken collar-bone. My husband broke his one day the horse ran away with him among some trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two. 44 Is he badly hurt, do you think, John ?' she asked her husband who was kneeling besides Beuben. ' I hope not,' the settler said. 'He ought not to be like this only from a wound in the collar bone ; but of course it may have glanced down and done some internal mischief. I am inclined w vciuk utac « is extreme -exnaustaon as much as anything— the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement. ' * , ' He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning,' Kate said, ' and has had two fights besides thir. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushrangers escaped he came on by himself ** ' Oh! they caugnt the busnrangers, aid they?' ^r- Barker said joyfully. ' I was afraid. by/his getting back here so soon that they must . have missed them somehow, nnd found they were on the wrong scent. And he has ridden all the way hack, has he ? A vexy zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very' zealous young officer indeed.' But Kate was too anxious and shaken to marie the significance of Mr. Barker's tone. « Don't tease her,' his wife said in a low voice. ' She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ah t what is that?' Ihe interruption was caubeu by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. 'Shoot him dead, fiah,' .Jim, who was supporting his master's head, exclaimed. 'Don't let dat fellow oome live no longer.' ' X can't do that, Jim,' Mr. Barker said, moving towards .the fallen man. 'The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber: but he is harmless now. One cannot Yfieh he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to hang him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch.' So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and poured it between the bushranger's lips. 44 Is it mortal ?' Mtb. Barker asked as he re joined her. ' I think so,' he said ; 44 1 fancy he is shot' through the lungs.' ' xoa must reuly sit down, Miss Ellison; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot .have you on our hands just now. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah! here comes the cart.' The constable bad put a quantity of straw in the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Beuben and laid him in it. 44 We must take the other too,' Mr. Barker said ; 44 the man is alive, and we can't leave him here.' 44 Yes,' Kate said ; 44 he must go too. He did Beuben a great wrong many years ago. I hope he will confesB it before he dies.' Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used the young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Beuben who had been accused of poisoning her father's cog, and of committing a burglary from his house. . 44 You hod better get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison,' the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart; 'you cerlaiulyare not fit .to ride. Or, look here, the constable 'shall take my horse jandX wiil drive, andl^sn I can look after you, and you jcaii;;usa ?inewfoT' a prop if- yo.nfeel weak ; but before, we start I must insist-^ ^ your taking a sip of brandy and water. It i* no use your saying no/' he ner&istcdaa; the girl shook her head. ' We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't.' Kate did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Beuben's face. 4,Ohj Mr. Baiker!' the said, 41 he looks dead. You are not deceiving me, are you r' 4t Bless me, no!' the settler said cheerfully. 44 My opinion is that he's dead asleep. The loss of blood, tbe sudden re-action after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my opinion is that he is sound asleep.' ' Jim, do you lead your master's horse, while the constable takes the other, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to . get things ready. Get a bed up at once for Captain Whitney, and get some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other.' So saying he touched tbe horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected momentarily to Bee Kate faint, and thought it better to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. The journey oc cupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the Way carefully. so as not to jolt the cart. Mrs. Barker endeavouied to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of home she Eaid : — ** I tfrfnV, dear, you are looking a little better now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I wiliget a cup of strong tea ready for ou That will do wonders ' When the cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, and as Kate descended clasped her in a long embrace. 41 Come straight in here, my dear,' Mrs. Barker said. 44 1 have got a basin of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero.' Beuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was lifted out and carried into the house, where a bed had been made up for him in a room on the ground fioor. 44 Just lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lie perfectly quiet.' 44 Do you think he is really asleep?' Mrs. Barker asked as die looked at the quiet face. 'I do, really,' hex husband replied. 44 Put your ear close to his mouth. He is breathing as quietly as a child, and,' he added, placing his fingers on Beuben's wrist, ' his pulse is a little fast, but regular and quiet ; twenty-four hours of deep will set him up again, I am greatly I don't expect that this wound will turn out anything very serious. Let me think. Was it not this afternoon that Buskin said he would be back again ?' 'Yes, either yesieraay or to-day.' ' That is lucky. He will be au^rised at find ing two new patients on his hands now. X will go - and have a look at that poor wretdh in the died. Give me a cupful of oeef-tea; X wiU pour a spoonful or two between hislipB. You had better go and look after Kate. You wiU not be needed here at present. If your muster wakes, Jim, let us know directly,' he said to the black, who had seated himself on the ground by the aide of Beuben's bed. 'I can't call the poor fellow away from his master,' he added to his wife as he closed the door behind them ; 44 but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heaxd the captain tell the bush-ranger that all bis band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, ~it has in deed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to deep quietly for months, which iB more than we nave done for a longtime.' Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water u| d the tea had the effect Mrs. Barker pre dieted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. 44 How is be?' Mrs. Donald asked. 45 In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald ; 'his pulse is quiet and even, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, and I believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow mornings and I predict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe haved itself, I see no reason why he shonldn't be up to-morrow.' 44 That is indeed a relief to us both,' Mrs. Donald said, while Kate could only clasp her hanflfc in silent ^nnHnlnpua, ' And now. how is your husband ? I hope he is none the worse for all this exertion.' 44 He was terribly agitated at first,' Mrs. Donald said. 'I fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to hdp me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get him to jie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Kate, although, of course, he is as weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he was occupied in trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was in bed I broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger.' Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the surgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look at Beuben, having been told all the circum stances of the case, and he confirmed Mr, Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep sleep. -4 4 1 would not wake him on any account,' he said; 14 it is a great effort of nature, and he will, X hope, awake quite himself. Of course X can't say anything about the wound till he does. Now for his antagonist.' The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words came from his lips. The surgeon examined his wound- 'He is shot through the lungs,' he said, 'and is bleeding internally. I do not think there is the shadow of a chance for him, and no one can wish it otherwise. It will only 'save the colony the expense of his trial. And now for my original patient' He was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out prooeeded at once to hfrn a eoothing draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the raddl* 44 We must get him off to deep if we can,' he said, ' or we shall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in hiB state can't go through such excitemcnt as he has done without paying the penalty. And now, I suppose, 1 have done,' he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. 4 s Yes, I think so,' Mrs. Barker said ; 44 if you had come an hour earlier I Bhould have put this young lady under your charge, but I fhinV that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her.' ? 44 No wonder she is shaken,' Mr. Buskin re marked. ' Mrs. Barker tells me you hgd a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison.' ^ 44 Yes,' she replied. 44 1 was stunned for a time, but beyond being stiff and bruised X am none the worse for it.' 44 Look here, Miss Ellison,' the doctor said, after putting his fingers on her wrist, 44 1 suppose you will want to be about to-morrow when our brave army returns. Kow there iB nothing you can do here. Mrs. Donald nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will cham of the house, and therefore, seriously, I woula ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for yon, and to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep till morning.' 41 1 could not sleep/' Kate protested. ' Very well, then, lie quiet without deeping, and if in the evening yon find yon a re restless yon can oome down for an hour or two; hut I really must urnst on tout lying down for a hit. Mow, Mrs. Barker, wQl you take thfa medicine up and put this young lady to bed.' 'I hope ehe will get off to deep,' lbs. Barker said when ehe came down-stairs again. ' I have so doubt whaterer «£out it,' Mr. liUfiKin rbpnea. 4*i have gi\eu her a very strong sleeping-draught, far stronger ♦h'* X should think of giving at any other time; but after the tension that the poor girl must have gone through, it would need a strong dose to take effect I think you will hear nothine more of her till tbe morning.' ? ? lnaeea it was not until trie sun was well up the hnext morning that Kate Ellison woke. She could hardly believe that die dept all night, but the eastern sun coming in througn her window showed her that she had done so. She still f dt bruised and abnlraw all over, but was otherwise herself again. She dressed hastily and weut downstairs. 2S 44 That* s right, my dear,' Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. 44 You look bonny and like yourself.' 44 How are my brother and Captain Whit ney?' Kate asked. 44 1 don't thinfc Mr. Donald is awake yet,' Mis. Barker replied ; 44 but Captain Whitney has just gone out to the shed with my husband and the surgeon.' 44 Gone out to the shed !' Kate repeated in astonishment. 44 Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going fast He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting up with him. He asked for water, and then lay for some time quite quiet Then he j said, 4 Am I dreaming, or was it Beuben ! Whitney I fought with ?' 4 Yes, it was Cap- ' tain Beuben Whitney, our . inspector,' the constable replied. 44 For a tune he lay quiet again, and then said : 4 1 want to see him.' The constable told him he was asleep and couldn't be woke. ' 44 4 Is he badly wounded?' the manat:kcd. 4 1 know I hit him ' 4 Not very badly, I hope,', the constable answered. * When he wakesask him to come to me,' the rnfln said. 4 1 know I am dying, but X waiit to see him first If he can't come let somebody else come.' The constable came in and roused the doctor, who went out and saw him, and he tmight live three or four hours yet. ^.Soonafter Waids, ~just as-xhe -sun xos^ Jim'.'.^acneibut.ta1' Bay that his master was awake. Mr. Buakin went into him and examined his wound ^ probed the course of the bullet It had lodged down just at the bottom of the shoulder-bone. I am glad to say he was able to get it out When he had done he told his patient what the bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney in sisted upon going out to b»ni. ' It woa't do him any harm, will it ?' Kate asked anxiously. 44 No, my dear, or Mr. Buskin would not have let him go. 1 saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except that nasty bandage over his face, he looked quite himself again. As I to'dyou, a broken collar bone is a mere nothing, and now we know where the bullet went and have got it out, there is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here they come again, so you can judge tor your self.' Avery few words passed between Beuben and Kate, for Mrs. Barker, who saw how nervous tne girl was, at once began to ask him questions about what the bushranger had said. 44 He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Buskin and . Smithson have signed. It is about a very old story in which I was concerned when a boy, but it is a great gratification forme to have it cleared up at last I was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to M?«a Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my be half, I fear,' he said with a slight smile, 44 somewhat illegally. However, the imputation would have rested on me all my life if it had sot been for Thome's confession. I thought that he did the first affair. I knew that he was con cerned in the second, although I could not prove it ; but he has now made a full confession, say ing that he himself poisoned the dog, and con firming the story I told at the trial.' 44 Oh, I am glad !' Kate exclaimed. 44 You know, Captain Whitney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how you must have longed for it to he proved to the world. ^ What will you do, Mr. Barker, to mibItp it public ?' 44 1 shall send a copy of the confession, pro perly attested, to the magistrates of Lewes, and another copy to the paper which, Captain Whitney tells me, is published there weekly.' 4 4 1 suppose there is no hope for h?™ ?' Kate asked in a low voice. 44 He is dying how,' Barker said. 41 Buskin is with him. He was fast becoming uncon scions when we left and\Bcskin|6aid tha the end was at haw, A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came in with the news that all was over. 44 Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into vour room and let me bandage up your shoulder properly. I hadn't ba.lf time to do it before.' - 44 But you won't want me to li cin bed or any nonsense of that sort V' Beuben asked. 44 1 would if I thought you would obey my orders; but as I Bee no chance of that, X ^ not trouble to give them. Seriously, X do not think there is any necessity for it, providing alwayB that you wQl keep yourself - -very quiet X shall bandage your arm across your chest, so there -cau.be no movement of the shoulder, and when that is done X you will be all right' There was only one more question which Beuben had to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day — why it was that Rm'ftwn did not go to his comrade's assistance. He then learned that Thorne rode quietly up' to the back of the house and dismounted, then went to the stable, where Smithson was adeep, having been on guard during the night, and pushed a piece of wood under the latch of the door, so that it could not be raised. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, he bail gone to the front of the house, and had apparently diot down the constable there before the latter was aware of his presence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vain to get out, and was only released by Mrs. Barker when she recovered from the stunning blow which the bushranger had struck her. He had then mounted at once and followed in pursuit. In the afternoon the parly returned from the hush, having experienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Beuben's wound, and in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume his duties. The complete^es truction of tbe gang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made a vast sensation in the colony, and Beuben gained great credit and instant promotion for his conduct A month after the return of the garfcy from the bush Mr. Donald was about again, miH, as the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling his property. The course which events took can be judged by the following long conversation between Mrs. Donald and her sister three months later. 44 Well, Kate, after aU he has done for us, of course I have nothing to say against it, and I don't suppose you would if I ; still, I do tl^ink you might have done better.' 44 1 could not have done better,' Kate said hotly, 44 not if I had had the pick of the whole colony,' 44 Well, not in one way, my dear, for you know that personally I like him almost as well as you do. StiU, I do think it is a little unfortunate that— we ever &new; him before.' 44 And I think it's extremely fortunate,' Kate said stoutly. 'If it hadn't been that he had known us before and cared for me— he says worshipped, but that's nonsense— ever since I was a child, he would never have that terrible ride, and I — ' 'Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to of now. Well, my dear, no^ doubt it's all for the best,' Alice said, philosophically. 44 At anyrate, you are quite nappy, and he is a noble fellow. But X nope for your sake that he won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after bushrangers and blacks, for1 you know, my dear, there are plenty of others left in the colony.' 44 1 told him so yesterday,' Kate said, diyly. 41 1 said, of course, that I didn't want to influence him.' * Alice broke into alaugh. 44 You little goose, as if what you say doesn't influence him.' Three weeks later Beuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. 44 My dear Whitney, I am glad to hp-a-i* from you oat you are engaged to be married, and the circumstances which you tell me of mulrfl it a most interesting affair. If I were you I should cut the constabulary. I inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weekB' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me. You know I regard you as my son, and I am going to have a voice in the matter.' Beuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what he had done the latter declared that he had robbed the colony of its best police officer. Beuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter declared he would have no nonsense on the subiect. * l am one ottue ri en est men in tne colony, he said, 44 and it's hard if I can't spend my money as I choose.' There is little more to tell. Beuben became one of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold bis business and returned to England and bought an estate not far from Lswes, where he is still living with his wife and family. He was accompwn^ftd from Australia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after hiB marriage. The only point upon which Beuben Whitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute agreement is as to which owes most to the other. . IJfHE E5TD.] In 1818 Dr. Arnold discovered In Island of Sumatra a fidwer which an author has called ! 44 the magnificent Titan of the vegetable king- - dom.' Tne circumference of the f3ly-expanded flower is 9ft. its nectarium fe bold sine pints, the pistils are as large as cow's horns, and the entire weight of the 1 lossom is computed to be 151b. 