AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. BY J. W. HENDEBSOH. It was in January, and we werein latitude 153rg. 24min. Eouth. The heat was beyond description, for we were Iyicgbecalmedunder a tropical sun. The sea was & deep sapphire blue, translucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over ihe rail, one could see bits of glyly tinted sea-weed boating far below the surface. 0;casionaHy * brown fish, looking purple thrcngh the glorifjiag waicr,would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depths into shivering silver, go eeurrying awny into the infinite unknown ef the great def p. There was not a breath cf air. The sea lay like molten glass uriuer tha pitiless sun, end the long nadujaticn of tho swell eeeasedlike the deep pEnt.'njs cf a heat oppressed fcesem. The horizon was lost .in a dim gray haze tha» quivered with the radiant heat, and give everything an appearance o; melting. Thepitch in the seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurlcs, the seennd mate, declared that on-the forecastle deck the pitch was boiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cep3 of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I wers taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of our health. We bad been fortunato enough to secure berths on the Afton Falls for the voyage from New York to the Cape and back. The ship was a big, able ccaft of No'via Ssotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, as fine a sailorman as ever bandied a pig-yoke. We bad been at Durban, and had roiled almost down to our lower yard-arms cn the big swell that always tumbles in towards th&t; uninviting beach, and we had wondered how cn earth any sane person could choose such a place to live in. We had also been under the Bhadow of Table Book, and had corns out of the bay in one of those ruahing winds that come down the mountain end blow & gale icside the bay, when oute:de the eea is smooth and the wand very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on oar long trip, bccalmed and bating. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I were fitting underan awning fpreadover one Eide of the quarterdeck. The ship was under a splendid display of canvas, but tho sails'were simply bleaching in tho sun. The courses were clewed up, in the vain hrpj th&t; a stray breath of air might etetl along tho deck: The man at the wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at tho compass card. The ship had no steerage-way. Tb6 vessel was full of groans aud crease and the clicking c-f hooked doors as she roiled lazily on the Iccg, low swells. Sammy SsurSee, the second mate, had gone tc the main topmast head, for he declared that he had got a little fanning every time she rolled. The men forward were lying about in aHeorts of attitudes expressive of weariness and ai?gcst. Onfi fellow climbed out on the j;b-bocm. went to sleep and almost fell overboard. As we sat staring at one another, the voice of the coloured cook arose f rotn the galley trolling a ditty which he he had packed up in the Southern States: " Di3hyah niggah ain't gwine tcr die Till old Jim Crow come ronn' by-me-by, An'eaj'' Hey, niggab, yo' got ter fly high'; tfanph-umph f Ah, umph-umph 1" The Captain, F^ed, and I looked at one another, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing wss heard eave the creaking of the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then tho eook lifted up hie vcics again : 1 1 wish I wsr in Biffin's Bay, Whar all the niggahs ain made oh clsv, An'posdoms go a skatiu' ehbsry day. Hoop-te-loody I Ain't dat gay ? Slidin' eown a iceberg in B'sfiia's Biy.' 1 At that the,three cf us burst into laugh" ter, and Captain Bown said: " I believe the fellow's right. The only thing to do on such a day is to imagine you are in a cold place." " You are just right," said Free. " I wish Iweredofng a cake walk around the north polo." Well.I don't believe I sho.uld care rauch about that," eaid I. " The neith pole is a bard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from." Ttiat's very true, eir," eaid Peter Young, the first mate, who had just finished taking a Eight, and WSEon his way below. ''Did you c-ver hear o£ the whaling ship Young i'-ccesiix.' .......... _ ' ivo," ercaaimBd Fred, ^ " WU^t sbout heii • P:<••.••'"'-'7 •.. 'Well, eh, she'u a 335-ton whaler that weo|; out atoat two yeara ago. She was as fine (a'*:' vesEc-1 aa ever carried a cook, sir, and waS . said to be a hard one to bent on a bowling; Weil, fh-; got ca?ip,ht ia the ice a hundred ' " raiics or sa north tf Point Barrow, and was'. crusbtil in bilavv the witer line. EO that ehe' was supposed to ba sinking, and her crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made their way bask to civilised parts-of world,bat their 6bip did not eink." • . " Wlist became of her ?" I aBked. • " Weil, si*," ssid the mate, with a tny^jfeijL, riousair,»' she's sailing those was yet, witW^ out a captain or without a crew." "How do yoa know?" demanded ,; Fred. ""; " She's been sighted, eir. More than tha she's been boarded." y " TOben 1" "How?" we exclaimed. t'l-^tl "List spring a man named Ifavittvy sighted a whaler standing towards shorfl^ surrounded by ice-bergs. There she w&s;^ . with her fore and main topsails set, and &U; her gear just glittering witbioe in the sui>» light." " How was it she hadn't sunk 1" askej Fred. "Why, bless you, sir, she wasn't in the' water at all. She was abent fifty feet away from it, np on the ice. retting there just^a ccmfcrtable as a b iby in a cradle, and just as - jf^ safe too. Lsavitt boarded her, and f«und, everything on her decks as neat as if'all.- hands ha3 jaEt gone ashore for a lark. Yob v see (he ice had cqsoezed in under hor, and lifted her up." • " And you think che'a there yet?" I inquired. V' ! " Just as sure as ever you live, sir. Wby^ '"' the ice up there doesn't melt all away in thjji rpring, It breaks np in some places, hu^ 'v;! mostly It jast keep* growing oad growing," and [ shouldn't wonder at all ifsome of those- Vlarge bergs were hundreds of years* old.- Don't you think eo, Captain ?" ' J " I think you are about right, Young,|; said the captain. " I have heard about tbsf^ whaler, bat she isn't a marker onaa arotife ; r yarn she reminds meof." "Something in yonr own experience, I asked. • '.i 5 ;"- "YeB/' • " The& by all means let us hear Fred. "I never knew you had been a whaler. 1 ' [ " Yes," eaid the Captain, " when 1 was in comm&sd; of the Sealskin, I was wel! know&' at Upernavik, and lbey do say I have been away up Bat that's what I am cominfi to. I had been one summer knocking aboc the entrance of Baffin's Bay, and hadn't done a great deal. I was told by Eome Eftpimaw that a-large number of sight whales had i seen off the east ooast of Greenlandi and deeded to crnise that way. In August n hadn't seen a ghost c-f e wbalc, ,frat Ipue on, and when about eixty-tniles «ast of 4 Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry o&me; fromtb^ crow's neEt, *" Ther-r-r-o she blows 1*. "' Where away f' I shouted. *•' Two points o£ the lee tow, air.' "Wei), I am not going into a wboliE "efory. It's enough to say we got thai brnti and Sid & big trade in the course of ibei six weeks. Two months later I ehapsd j course towards Spitsbergen, to go ini o wi ter quarters there, and Etarfc north in spring. I had tho north pole lever, $rlue -eo often catches whalers, and I Wanted steal a march on every one elee. On Oc^ 7th, a sail was sighted far away to the nor ward, and I wondered whether ecmeuTh fellow; bad my idea. However, ihadiot? much time to wonder, for no eooheirfca3"i sighted that sail than it began to! the south-south east, ancl in a few henre we found ourselves in a moBt terrific fale wind. "As it was blowing my way, I ' with the wind for forty- eight hqure. jry observations as our noon position,' giving lat. 78'leg. 44min. north, &Ed; long, ftfeg. 37min, west. How far beyond that we went no man will ever know. My reckoning was" entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. The ccld was intense, and great bergs loomed up in all directions, the sea bl eeking against them fiilcd the air with thunder. In' •' the midst of this a wo-inspiring scene I was.; astounded by hearing the cry, • Sail hoi' J "She was not more than three miles awey.t She was a vessel of very old build, with a high-poop deel'i and she was under all plain: sail going like a phantom, and saon disappearcd. I bsst to the southward for four days, fighting against head seas and throughice, when tha sun came out, and I get sighta to determine our position. Where do yen' fiuppose we were ?" - '.: * " " Where!" wa both aaksd, eagerly. "In lat. jBldeg. 57min. north, and long. 7 . lOdeg. 42ain. west. How far north of that we had been that we should have taken lent days to beat bask, is beyond me to gueEB." 1 " What became of the strange ship V I asked. " I am coaling to that. We went into winier-qnartcrs in Morel Bay. In the spring we m&do; cssursions on sledges, and on CUB • of these we found our phantom. Aa we tounfed a jn'rnt onc«f the men cried: «Bail ho! There she is again 1' " Aud there was our eld acquaintance, Etill under all sail, but motionless. Seeing that she was fast in the ice^boarded her. Her rigging was sheathed in ice, and ber entire appearance was weird and alarming. - I searched high and low over her decks audin her cabins, but found no signs of either life or death. I was just coming away from ber cabin, filled with wonder and awe &t; the strange rencontre, when I E&W;, pinned to the _ cabin table with an old-faEhioned dagger, a piece of psper, yellow with age, containing^ some faint writing in a strange langUBgei S;; Upon going ever it, on returning to my owijiWSj Ehsp, a Datoh sailor eaid it was in bis tongue, bat some of the wands were now on't-f^ cfuw. It read thus: • > "^Christmas, 1795 A.D. " This day we must kave tho ship. W«% ! have been without food, eave one ptsrmi^anj for two days. The ship is frozen fast in the. ice, with all feer sails set, and we are nbV strong enough to furl them. We mnst tryto find land, where the savages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in these frozen eeas?' It is- " And there the writing became illegible." "And did you you leave the old ship there?" asked Fred. . " No; we barnt her. She had been career, ing over the deep long enough, freezing fast when winter came,and set loose in theepting, for G3 years. " And is 1 this the strangest thing that aver " happened in your experience' at eea?" I asked. *' Yes, by far the strangest." "Th&t; beata the Young Phoenix hollow," eaid the..first.mate, going below, - Wo were silent for a moment or two. 3?hen Samsiy Scurles came rattling down * from ihe maintop-mast bead, crying "'Here comes abreeze." Rj 9 