STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. Thoso who nro of tho opinion that there is absolutely nothing new under the sun will find further evidence iu support of that Btatcrnent, so far as melodrama is concerned, in the latest sample of that class of entertaiument presented on Saturday evening under the title of "Master and Man." before we saw this joint production of Sims and l'ettiit's we did cherish a kind of hope that it would present something of a novel turn, and that the same old song would not 1)0 sung all over again just in the old way, that the heart-strings would not be twanged to quite the same old tune, and that the very words tho " heavy " gentleman spoko at tho Surrey and Grecian long years ago would not be repeated with a precisely similar intonation and under exactly similar circumstances. Hut in all this we were disappointed. It is all very much the same, only it is not nearly so good us somu of its predecessors, and it is with its quality rather than with its character that fault is to be found. Iu short, " Master and Man," with the excep tion of the big scene in the third ast, is poor enough stufl iu all conscience. Its plot dis closes no schema of originality, and it is of tho order that has already been threshed out to death by the melodrama merchants. An occasional good lino serves only to relievo tho wearisome monotony of literary commonplace, 'l'hc sentiment is, as usual, wholesome enough, but, also as usual, hackneyed and threadbare, whilst the comedy element is for the most part re markable for its peculiar lack of hutnor. A strong picture is formed at tho close of tho third act, wherein tho wretched foreman, crazy with terror, is rescued in tho nick of time by tho hero, but beyond this nono of the situations are calculated to turn a hair on the most impressionablo lover of the un diluted awful that ever gazed goggle- eyed upon a stage murder, or howled indignantly at rascality laid on at so much a week. To our mind " Master and Man " is weak even of its class. Its story is laid in the English black {coun try, and is easily told. Jack Walton, a young and, of course, haiidsomo engineer, loves Hester Thornbury, the youthful, and, as usual, beauteous schoolmistress. So do Messrs. Robert Carlton, an ironmaster, and Humphrey Logan, his foreman, rascals both. 'Hester refuses the two latter conscien tiously, and consequently in tho first act we arc assured by II. Logan, after a very passionato love scene, that he will humble her proud spirit and all that sort of thing, and work out an elaborate and relentless scheme of vengeance. Therefore wo arc not surprised to find that Logan and Carlton become partners in tho vengeance business, and things at once begin to Took black for Jack Walton. About this time the wife of Jim Burleigh, a fore man, proves faithless and leaves him. Ho is led by H. Logan and Co. to suspect Jack Walton of having aliondtcdhcr affections, and in language broad and hearty he also inti mates his intention to get . even or go under. Burleigh,, however, hears a certain admissioh made by Carlton, and jumping from behind a curtain, whero he lmd lain concoaled, ho draws a bead on Carlton, and ventilates his system at short range. - Jack Walton arrives on tho scene at this present moment, and . is, of course, accused of the murdor by Logan. Our hero is taken, 'tried, convicted and cast into prison, together with Burleigh, Jack,' however, escapes, and turns up quite unexpectedly in a grey foot- hall suit with black splodges on it. In this connection one of tho most successful lines of the night is spoken. The polico are searching for tho escapud convict, and one of them questions Jack's little sou as to his father's whereabouts. "Do you know," says the officer, "what they do with little boys who tell lies?" "Make policemen of them," says Bland Holt, amidst a yell from the unsoaped that clearly shows iu what reverence and respect the foorcc is held in certain quarters. Asa sort of inaugural step towards tho ultimatb triumph of the righteous, the foundry hands go back badly on Logan, and determine to grill him in one of the furnaces. Tho consummation of this diabolical intent is at tho very last second prevented by tho sudden appearance of Jack Walt'oii, who, shielding tho shivering wretch from thc'howling push, cried " Stop, this man's life belongs to me." This formed tho only strong situation of the night, and closed" with a tremendous round an admirably acted and painfully real istic scene. | To ' further prolong the trouble Carlton re-appears and says that he wasn't killed' at all, but only damaged. Ho is, however, shortly afterwards discovered and undone, Jack is liberated and declared free to joiii Mrs. Hester Walton and Master W., and— well, you know' the rest. As the hero, Jack-' Walton, Mr. W alter Howe was manly' 'and safe throughout.. His. senti ment was ; hot Voverdono, and so satisfactory was his work that we regretted for his sako that the authors should have mado him to behave in such an absurdly idiotic manner. His appearance, dressed in ,a convict's suit, comfortably seated in an arm -chair, and nursing, his wifo on his knee , whilst . the. x>oTico raged with out, was an absurd. improbability in digestible oven in melodrama!. Mr. Albert Norman's study of the ruffianly Carlton was a highly creditable one, and, although he did not die quite as soon as wo could have wished, his reputation for the treatment of gentlemanly heavies will cer tainly be strengthened by his Carlton. His performance as Humpy Logan is cer tainly the best and strongest thing Mr. Lawrence' has shown us. The scoundrelly, cadaverous, hump-backed foreman ho looked to the life, and an excel lent make-up served to increase the value of a very fino display. . His scene of love- making in the first, act was admirable, ; tho sudden . change of feeling from amorous passion to vindictive hatred, being pictured with remarkable clearness and fidelity. His big sccno was, of course, in the furnace house, where tho infuriated' workmen attempt to throw him into tho fire. Very fine was Mr. Lawrence's simulation of abject terror, and it is many a night since such a thrilling roalistic picture was presented. The mob howling for vongcanco, their angry faces lit by tho lurid glow from the gaping fitrnaco, and crawling, ragged and palsied with horror, thowrotched creature whom they would have consigned ito -such a hideous end. The strain— for it is a long and terribly trying one — must have been great, hut the actor came out successfully, and a well-merited burst of applauso and a hearty call succeeded the close of the scene. The study was in all respects a very fine one. Mr. Bland Holt is his merry, spasnlodic self all over again as Tom Honey wood, who has nothing to do with the play that wo could see, hut who was always turning up with some quaint saying and a bull pup, uud set ting things l ight or eating the ceilings out of folks' trousers, as the case might he. Of course lie didthoniostthutcouldliodoucwith the words at his command, and if he added a few who could blame him '! Mr. Augustus Glover was largo and very much in earnest as Jim Burleigh. His dialect was sloppy, hut otherwise lie was successful. If Mr, H. R. Roberts plays Crispin St. Jones for many consecutivo nights he must degenerate into a condition of blithering idiocy. Tho inanity of tho part is too great to bo even thought of without biliousness, but Mr. Roberts docs the best with it. Mr. Plununcr was good us a police inspector, who does about as much as any of them, and a wliolo host of other gentlemen worked conscientiously to deserve tho "ghost." Miss Kato Bishop was sweet and graceful as Hester Thornbury, anil, ex cepting where power was required, her work was entirely satisaetory. ller reappearance with this company is welcome. A very dainty Letty Liglitfoot was Mrs. Bland Holt, and we can readily appreciate Mr. II. 's jealousy of St. Jones. She played easily and naturally all through. Miss Flora Anstead as Kosiah Honcywood was capable, and reminded us strongly of Eliza Johnstono about the voice. As for the bull pup, he wns simply "ripping." Mr. Gordon's scenery is delightful, and ou Saturday the clever artist iiad to tako a great big call for "lloneywood Farm." Messrs. Lolir and W. H. Scagravo are managers for Mr. Holt, A very pleasant gathering was held at the rooms, 70 Pitt-street, on Saturday night, when a smoke concert was hold in connec tion with the Art Society of New South Wales. Thero was a large attendance of members and visitors, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. The musical arrange ments were under the direction of Signer Ste/fain, and he was ably assisted by Messrs. .T. T. Donovan, W. H. Young, G. Bowler and J. Graven (vocalists), Mr. Herman Newton (violinist), and Signer Lardclli (accompanist). Those clever artists, Messrs. 1'erey F. S. Spnnce, D. II. Soutor and K. P. Mahoney, caused endless fun by their comical caricatures in crayon, which they executed with marvel lous dexterity. Of course tho Bohemians are the wrong sort to forget to attend to the grosser passions of eating, drinking nnd smoking ; so that a jollier time could not havo been got through than the smoke night of the Art Society. Tho only thing to wonder about the Clyclornma is to try and puzzlo out whero tho people who Iuivo Hocked there daily ever since ft has been opened went for their amusement before its advent, Certainly the groat work loses none ot its interest for thoso who once have soon it, and if there is anybody in tho city who has not boon thero he should go at once, for the arrangements are now as perfect as human skill can make them, and the view from the hill is one of tho most unique representations ever con ceived. The Alhambra's talented company still continues to fill up tho pretty hall, and they havo becu doing splendid business during the week, the matinees on Tuesdays and Saturdays, at 2.30, which are rapidly coming into favor, being tho means of swelling tho exchequer to a considerable extent. Tho performances during tho week have con cluded with a screaming sketch, "The Coal-lumper's Rovengo,"in which the entire strength of the company is engnged, and which is absurdly funny enough to induce visitors to tnrn ttp early next night and get a good Beat. Tho weekly chair business and olio will bo changed to-night, when some startling novelties, new jokes and comical situations are pro mised, and as Mr. Prank Smith never pro mises what he docs not perform those who visit the Alhambra will have a real good time of it, but; mind, they must go early. A \'aomplimentary farowell benofit wns tendered to Mr. Harry Iiicknrds at tho Gaiety on Saturday night, when tho big audience that rolled up amply testified to tho character actor's popularity. A monster programme was put up, quite a galaxy of talent- gratuitously giving their services towards making the show a big thing. Mr. : Rickards himself was in capital form, and tho whole of .his specialties were heartily applauded. At the conclusion of tho performance Mr. Rickards sincerely thanked the people of Sydney for the sup port lie had received in this and plist seasons. Ho was, he said, to havo sailed by Oho noxt American mail steuincr for 'Frisco, en route for Loudon, but. at the solicitation of a large number of persons ho had decided to extend his present season by another six nights. , The performances of " The Jilt " have throughout the week drawn crowded houses to the Criterion, and the rovival 1ms, we should say, fully- justified tho anticipa tions of those who expected well of it. Only five more performances can bo given,' _ as ou Saturday night next "School " is to be revived. In tiio mean time opportunity should he taken to see' Bauoicault's bright and clover comedy. Irish drama is having a comfortable innings at Hor Majesty's Theatre, whore " Arrah-na-Poguo" has boon running : to good business since tho opening night.. . It is not. tho intention of tho : management to keep' Boucicault's drama in tho bill for a long rim, as u revival of "My Jack" is iu preparation, and there aro whispers of an excellent revival to follow. "The play re ferred to has not been seen In Sydney for. a good many years and was in Its time remark ably successful. More than that , wc cannot say at present. Professor Pornnndez, whose balloon as cents from tho Bondi Aquarium have attracted' a large number of spectators to that favorite resort week after week for some time past, was to havo made his sixth: ascent on Saturday, hut the weather was unfortunately anything but favorable for the repetition of tho risky experiment, and although repeated attempts were made to iiiilate.tho balloon, tho wind was so bois terous that it was foimd impossible to do it satisfactorily, -and it had ultimately to ho abandoned. There wus a large attendance of spectators, as usual, and many of them remained until half-past 0 o'clock with the expectation of: seeing Fernandez leave on his aerial Hip, hut, as already stated, without result. The -usual' .Saturday afternoon's cntertainmentwasprovided at the Aquarium, and Mr. Wyburd was, as usual, most inde fatigable. iinhis efforts to secure the thorough enjoyment aud comfort of his patrons. Not the slightest dimunition is to he noticed in the popularity of Messrs. Traccy and Failing's Vaudeville Minstrel and Specialty Company, which continues to draw crowded audiences nightly. " A Garden Party " opened tho programme, and sovcral now features were put forward by tho introduction of the All Stars Company. 'The . negro impersonations of Mr. Olias. Failing were very amusing, while Alcssrs. Tracoy and Harry Sullivan delighted tho audience with their specialties. The other members of tho company, including the Misses Tessie Cleve land,' Bertha Faning, Violet Kingsloy, and Levy, and Messrs. Frank Yorke and Arthur Parley, were all very enjoyable in their par ticular parts. The. clover contortions of Miss Eva Germain were also very much ap preciated. ' . Dr. Carver's Wild West Show still con tinues to attract immense crowds of spec tators to Moore Park, and is to all appear ances just as popular now as on tho day it first opened. The attendance on Saturday, both afternoon and ovohing, was as . UBifal very large, nnd tho programme, which is full of performances of a sensational und inter esting nature, was carried out in a manner which gave evory satisfaction. Dr.' Carver as usual 'received groat upplauso for his mar vellous exhibition with the rifle, and the horsemanship and other performances in cluded in the representation ot frontier life were fully appreciated. "The Bohemian Girl " supplanted "II Trovatore" at the Garriek on Saturday night. There was an excellent house, and the Moil tague-TnrnerCompany have every reason to ho pleased with the success of their season so far as it has gone, Balfe's romantic work was produced with more attention to details and affect than is usually accorded to English opera. The Bcenery was really delightful, and would have done credit to the lightest farcical comedy. The first sot was most charming, and obtained hearty applause. The first set iu the second act was also good, and the interiors had a nice fresh appearance about theia which seemed to lend a freshness to the music. The whole work reflected the greatest credit ou tho artists, and tho management of tho theatre is to he congratulated on the evident desire in everything, to not only pleura tho ear and the heart, but tho eye also. The dressings of the chorus were picturesque. Miss Annis Montague ns Arline captivnled her audience, anil rendered "I dreamt J dwelt" with an exquisite richness and all tho refinement of simplicity. Her effort iu this was undoubtedly one of the very finest ever listened to in Sydney, and so completely did she command her hearers that it wus not until the echoes of the last sweet notes hail died awuy that the house resounded with enthusiastic ap plause. Mr. Charles Turner appeared us Thaddeus. Occasionally he introduced a little by-play, which, being perfectly natural and what might he expected, had the effect of 'putting tho peoplo in good humor and heart. Ho gave " When other lips" very sweetly indeed, and rose up magnificently in "The fair land of Poland," for which lie received ail enthusiastic recall, an encore being imperatively demanded. Mr. Warwick Guinor wns not the Count that might have been expected. His friends said lie had a slight cold or something wrong with his throat. If so, it is to bo hoped ho will soon recover. Ho failed to make any impression with " Tho heart bowed down," and seemed to be striving lifter pathetic effect by the introduction of a foreign accent, dwelling on the vowels most barbarously, and rolling out the " r's " in tho most ponderous fashion. Mr. Gainor did not seem at all at home. Mr. Ered England was more than presentable ns Dcvilslioof, and invested the part with a good deal of force. His singing was very good. Miss Staunton sang the music of the Gipsy Queen perfectly ami with fine voice. She is improving rapidly, and seems much more at homo on . tho Btago than on the first night. The chorus showed an almost per fect harmony. The principals in the con certed pieces shone out as brilliantly as in the solos. This is an opera peculiarly rich in arranged music, and it wns given every attention. The orchestra was splendid, and Air. Allpross deserves ovcry commendation. The overturn was beautifully played, and the rendering of the air " I dreamt " before the rising of the curtain ill the third not was alone worth going to the theatre to hear. It is too much the custom of opera com panies to make the musicians piny a secon dary part. The Garriek people, however, are adopting a different course, and making the music a feature. This is a right step, for every lover of music delights in hearing a favorite uir rendered by a well-trained and capable orchestra. ' It is said of Sims Reeves that lie will shortly doclnro' himself ready to receive singing pupils. Thero's bound to bo a rush. Messrs. Rogers and Chapman have granted to Airs. Oscar Beringer the right to drama tise Charles Dickens' Christmas story, "The Holly Tree' Inn," and tho piece was to he actod lit- Terry's Theatre on Jununry- 7, when "Miss,.' Vera " was to havo bidden a temporary farewell .to the stage. " The Peoples' Idol " was withdrawn from tho bills of the new Olympic Thoatro on the night of .Friday ,' January 2. On ' the night following " Tho .Silver King" was revived with VVilson Burrott and brother George and Winifred Emery in tho cast. \- A London paper Bay's tho great event of tho forthcoming season among tho choral socicUcB will be tho Handel Festival at tho Crystal. Palaeo in Juno. Tho soloists will he Mdino Albani, Mdmc. Nordica, Aldmo. Patey, Air. Lloyd, perhaps Mr. Barton M'Guckin, Mr. Santley, if he is back from America, and Air. Plunket Greene. Air. Manns conducts. Altidame Patey will scarcely have concluded her Australian engagements in lime. "Callod Back " having been withdrawn from the Huymarket programme, and Air. Henry Arthur .Tones' new play being not yet ready for production, Air. Tree lias elected to rely for a while, upon theattrac- .lions of " Beau' Austin," the curious and unconventional -work with which he re cently- inaugurated his series of "special Aloudays, , 