Jo.VTINUKD from SaTUUI) A y'.S ISSUE. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] [all rights iir.sinLVEu.]• A FATAL PAST. —v BY DORA. RUSSKLL, Author of " Footprints i.v the Snow," " The Broken Seal," " The Track of the Storm,'1 '-A Bitter Birthright," etc., etc. CHAPTER VII. Helen's Lovki:. As the Rev. Peter l'rescotfc walked home across the misty lulls, after spending this evening at Brackcnford, lie was thinking somewhat sadly, though very kindly and gently, of his sisters. ' Ah, poor souls,' he thought. 'It would never do to bring a stranger beside them. No, no, I must be content"to remain what I have alway3 been—a lonely man.' The Rev. Peter sighed audibly as he came to the conclusion. Never before had lie been tempted to change his state, for during his poverty 110 woman had looked at him, and since he had been rector of Mortonbury his sisters had hitherto safely guarded him from all matrimonial entanglements. But struggle against the feeling asbest^ he could, he now constantly found himself chink ing of Caroline Sinclair. He had met her first at Brackenford, and since then he had not uufrequently encountered her iu his walks, and somehow or other he could not help thinking that Miss Sinclair liked him. That any woman should do so seemed wonderful at first to Peter's simple and modest heart. But still the idea recurred to him, and the idea had become very sweet to the pour rector. No woman had ever flattered him before, nor even sought his society. Few families lived in the neighborhood of Mortonbury, and the few who did had only vounrr unmarried girls to find husbands for, and young girls do not often think of men of the rector's age. But suddei.'ly across his sombre and con tented ways of life there had tlashed a gleam ."-J • '-1—" * become highly dangerous to the _ rector s peace. A woman graceful, calculating and attractive, had looked at the rectory-house, and then at the rector, and had decided that she was well-fitted to hold the position of the rector's wife. She had overshot her mark a little as wo have secn,aud had not gauged the Misses Prescott aright, when she tried to flatter them. But her words were balm and sweetness to the Rev. Peters ears. ' But, but, 1 must not think of her,' lie said to himself softly, as he reached the rettorj'-liouse and opened the door with his latch-key. A grim figure arrayed in a violet flannel dressin" gown met him in the hall. ' Is that you, Peter?' said Miss Dorothy Prescott's voice, for only her little red nose was to bo seen peeping out of the wraps and flannels in which her head was en veloped. ' I thought you were never coming.' ' Why did you "sit up, my dear ?' answered the kindly Peter. 1 Was it likely I should go to bed when you were out T replied Dorothy, in an in jured tone. ' No Peter, I never neglect you, do 1V . ... ' I am sure you do not,' said Peter m all good faith. ' And I think,' continued Miss Dorothy, ' considering the people Lady Ennismore con trives to get about her, Peter, chat you're bett er at "home than at Brack snford.' ' Contrives to get about her !' repeated the | Rev. Peter. ' Win-, my d jar, there is no one staying there but two young soldiers and Miss Helen Drummond.' ' And that very forward person, the gover. nes?,' said Miss Dorothy, waspishly, and the little red nose gave a vicious jerk out of her strange heiidgesr. ' Miss Sinclair C said the roc tor, gently. 'I do not think that she is forward, porofhy.' 'Flattery, does not go down my throat as easily us it does yours, then,' retorted Dorothy. ' Why, Peter, a mcle could see through her ! She's a vile, flattering hussy, oil the look out for a husbaud, if ever there was one !' ' Nay, nay, Dorothy, nay,' said the gentle rector, 'do nor speak thus of one of your own sex—of a gentlewoman, j3||e is poor, I suppose ; but other ladies hfli'o been poof before now.' ' Thank you !' said Dorothy, with another vicious jerk. ' I may have been poor, I was poor, I am poor for the matter of that, but no man living, nor dead either, can say of me that I tried to flatter lii.n into makingafool of him self, and I should think dozens could of this Miss Sinclair, though she hasn't succeeded iritli any of them yet!' _ The ivf'tn■' nnr up hlo brown and bony hand deprepatingly. ' Plush, Dorothy,' he said, and then he bade his sister good night, and went alone into his study, and having lit his pipe and jijixed his modest glass of grog, sat there quietly thinking. Could Dorothy's rough, Ijard words have any truth in them ? Dorothy was shrewd woman, though not gentle, nor pitiful, the rector knew. Butcoujdit bo—could it be 1 Had this fair woman sought his society, and seemed to take pleasure in his words, njerejy because he had a good income and a pleasant home 1 ' If so,' thought the rector, pursuing liis cogitations, ' I pity her; for if she is not true to herself and to her womanhood, how poor and me'in must all life's highest aims seem to her. But I cannot believe it. Ah, poor Dorothy, she fears, I suppose, that I may bring a new mistress to her home:--):lit no. no,—Martha and Dorothy have had s.q little sunshine, such hard, e.ofd lives, that for no selfish happiness of my own will Ipypr interfere with their narrow joys. _ And as for her—for Caroline—she is too fair not to have many wooers. I am doing her no harm— only a little self- denial and the pain will be past.' So he made up his mind. This man, who would turn aside not to trosu} on the worm upon his path, bore his own pain djafjiig the nest few days 7,'ith silent endurance. He grew a little greyer about the temples, and more lines came round the kind ana thought ful eyes, but he showed no other signs of his mental struggle. Yes, perhaps he was a little kinder e.fin than.usual to the two hard, cold, selfish sisters, 'or whose sake he was practising his self- denial. '£|i{s jyfjslus nature. He always gave generously, and none fen,ew , what he gave. _ j Miss binclair was not slow to perceive that a chance had some over the rector's manner. She eav that he rather avoided her than otherwise, and Miis knowledge annoyed Miss Sinclair exceedingly. But she also gisde no j sign. She went as regularly to ehurch, an,d sat there demure and pensive-eyed, while the coinompbjans^i;nrd<rf~.~Jtkaa ~6hebeen the best womau iu the world, they would have felt precisely the same tc> Ijer. They wished to keep their brother upniarriAd, and there fore regarded their whole ses with .distfiisc. While the Rev. Peter's one lore affair thus languished, another love affair at Braoken ford was progressing only too quickly. Again and again, in the early winter twilight, Francis Roche had met the sunny faced 33«Jen Druramond. They managedjit all very quietly, Helen sat with Lady Eunismore in the morn ings, drove wjtji ber in the afternoons, and was shy and eveij # Jittle distant in her manner to Roche during dinner, and when they all met together afterwajr^s iff the drawing-room. : Had Lady Ennismore been asked the ques tion if there were anything between these I two young people, after Roche had been a week at Brackenford, she would have replied that their acqusiptance was a very slight one. j Yet, before the end cf .this week, Roche had begun to think of his future income; begun to speculate and wonder if he were justified in asking a woman to share tho some what pvccarious five hundred a year which had bAsn promised to him at the ' Lady's wardrobe/ j,n Buckingham Palace road. He naturally hesitated before d<i#ngt!iis. The jaore he thought of this strange adven ture the more surprising it seemed to him, and Walter Curzon also often recurred to the subject with mingic-d feelings of curiosity and envy. Roche had still nearly three -hundred pounds of this money at his bankers when iw went £o Brackenford, and this small sum now soemai to the young mail in the first flush of his love, as seething very respect able to begin life upon IIg was very glad at ail events 'lie had ; sr.r.'^d it. Every day the frank, bright ia.ee ' of his iLek'ji became dearer to hini, and all his former .ezp/nislve amusements .and pleasures suddenly &&& flat and wearisome Co his imagination .when coiiipaicd jvitli her sunny smiles, 1 The/ were }i}ce two children, these . j'oung lovers. Over their hearts hucl come a jreat sense of enjoyment, a golden hazo which wrapped everything in misty bliss and undefined happiness. ' How lovely Helen is growing,' again and again thought Lady Ennismore, glancing with vague uneasiness at the young girl's glad face, and then sometimes at Roche's dark one. But still she noticed nothing between them, until one evening Miss Sin clair came into the drawing-room alone, and after a few words of commonplace conversa tion, began to talk about Helen. ' I scarcely like to mention what lam about to say, Lady Ennismore,' said the governess, standing in a graceful attitude before lady Ennismore's tea table, ' but from a sense of duty—for Julia's sake—I must do it.' Lady Ennismore looked quickly up, and her fine complexion changed color. ' What is it ? nothing has happened I hope V she asked. ' Oh, no, nothing has happened—only, Lady Ennismore, you understand, as Misa Drummond is not my pupil I scarcely like to interfere. Still, from a sense of duty, as I said befiire, I will speak—for I feel sure—at least 1 feel almost sure, that you are not aware that Miss Diummond walks daily,and for hours alone in the dusk, with Mr. Roche V Lady Ennismore's face grew suddenly crimson. ' It is impossible !' she said. ' With Mr. Roche ? Mr. Roche is with Lord Ennismore on the moors.' ' Mr. Roche nevertheless contrives to leave the moors every afternoon before four o'clock,' replied Miss Sinclair, with her sub duedsmile.' Theyindeedmeeteveryafternoon in the grounds and wander about the walks together—they are together now.' Lady Ennismore rose hastily, and went to one of the bay windows which looked out upon the grounds. ' It is most imprudent, most foolish,' she said. ' Thank you for telling me, Miss Sin clair—together now did you say V 'At least together a quarter of an hour sinco.'said Miss Sinclair. 'I was returning little errand of charity, and I came unex pectedly on a a semi- sentimental scene under the shadow of the fir trees. But do not he uneasy, dear Lady Ennismore, she is but a child, and this young gentleman is probably only amusing himself—still I thought it was bitter and kinder to tell you.' ' Certainly,' answered Lady Ennismore with a sharpness and decision of manner very unusual to her. 'I will go and join them —perhaps Miss Sinclair if Lord Ennis more and Mr. Curzon come in before I re turn, you will give them some tea ? And will you kindly say, if Lord Ennismore in quires, that Ishall beback almost immediately —and of course I need not ask you not to mention anything about these stupid young | people ?' ' Of course I shall mention nothing,' said j Miss Sinclair, 'and dear Lady Ennismore— may I ask you a favor ?—but please do riot be very angry with Miss Drummond, nor yet tell her that I told you about these foolish walks V 'I am not angry with the child,only greatly annoyed,' answered L:\dy Ennismnre ; and she opened the bay window before which she was standing as she spoke, and went out on the terrace beyond. It was now quite dusk. Overhead a half moon was casting its fitful beams from amid the drifting clouds on the dark fir trees, which stood out sombre and gloomy in the uncertain light. The cold white rays too, fell in weird and fantastic shadows on the walks, and on the trim and well-kept ever greens, and somehow as Lady Ennismore Jjurried on in her way.through the grounds, her thoughts went back to her dead brother— to Sorman Maiden, who lwd beenso strangely cut oli' in his early prime. She remembered how he had partly planned this place ; how he had planted some of tj^se very holly trees on which the moon ligiU. wiiii falling, and how they had grown on and 0:1, whife J}ia [nemory h,ad almost faded away. She gave ft quick, sharp sigh, as she thought this. The stillness and silence of the place seemed almost to frighten her. The shadows of the past came near her, and in voluntarily she glanced round, and stood looking for a moment at the great dark liille |jel»indi where amid the heather they had found he^.' ypjipg brother dead. In the meapj+hii^ tjie py<j yhoff) she had gone out to seek wfit'e standing tpgetiipr jiand in hand, thinking only of ibe blissful present. They were lovers but not yet declared lovers, and wero in that state of sweet uncertainty, of happy excitement, of strange new joy, which is the prelude to a bright future, or to great and woful uain. 'Do not go yet,' Francis Roche was saying. ' Everything seems so dreary when you leave me,' ' A November evening is not proverbially bright, you know,' replied Helen Drummond with some archness, and she would have drawn her hand away jjut the young man held it- fast. 1 Helen,' he said, more earnestly, .'do not really go yet. I want to speak to you—I want to tell yoji—well, it seems so stupid to say it, yefc it is the truth—that it is in ypyr power now to make my future life happy—or inde.e.d weariness enough !' Before the girl cpijjrl reply to this dis jointed sontence, whilst stiiistGod bjqshing and trembling a little, and with her eyeB cast down, a footstep was heard approach ing, and Roche suddenly released her hand. The next minute Lady Ennismore's tall Sguye appeared on the very path on which the yopng were standing. . She did not see then; at onp.e, foi'' they were partly beneath the shadow of som,e $r tpee?, bilt the iiioonli^Jjt fell on her face, ajid botyi Roche and Helen j-eGCgnis.ed hep. 'Here is Lady Ennismore,' said Helen, with some embarrassment. ' Yes,' answered Roche, 'sol see.' And though he felt greatly annoyed, he was of course obliged to follow Helen who Rjoved forward to meet Lady Ennismore. Jjady E^jjismore received them both very quietly, ' Helen, my child, is tly.it foil!}' she said, as Helen somewhat deprecatipgly a»d£i???idjy laid her hands on Lady Ennismore's, •' Jt is too late for you tobo out, dear,1 alio con tinircd, ' so ran to the house as fast as you can, and ask Miss Sinclair, who is in the drar.'in^j-oom, to give you some tea.' Hejttn 'hesifey^ f,9,r >'» moment and looked at Roche, ' Go at once, dear,' said Lady Ennismore ; ' and Mr. Roche, will you stay and take a turn with me 1 I have a headache, and I think the air will do me good.' Selfin },eft them as Lady Ennismore said ! $fYtfe"'nianner "'jiady %n|ii^iorp''R(Dijar^S2. Roche. ' " 'I have sent the child away, Mr. Roche,' she said, ' because I A'ant a few words—a few confidential words with you.' ' A shajl be delighted to listen, of course,' said Jloch,?, thougji Jip certainly did not feel go. _ . ' ' " 'It is ,'ibojut Helen.—Helen ©rupipiojid,' proceeded Lady Ennismorp, and she p.ut her hand through Roche's arm. > Let lis walk down the patli—yes, I want to talk to yp>1 about the child^-they tell me you sometimes walk with her—and—well, Mr. Rorhe I am about to ask you to do so no more,' ' Why, Lady Ennismore ?' said Roche, with some sharpness. Jiecr.nse jtou are a good-looking young man,-' 4ns,veered Lady Ennismore, with rather a forced smile, a;?d she is a country girl, unused to the world, unaccustomed to receive attention, and it will only unsettle her (o be with you—only perhaps) m,iku her unhappy.' ' I would never willingly do thin, I ajn sure,' said Roche. ' i <W1 sure you would not, yet it might be so if you wove constantly with her. Do not, therefore see her any more. Mr, Rociie ; Helen is a nice girl and I would guard her from an}-trouble if I could.1 'But, Lady Ennismore,' answered Roche jffer a momentary hesitation, and with a slight break in Ins voice, ' you do not Kuroly h:!a>;inc tn::t I slfonld bring any possible trouble to Miss Drum:i;.ond if I could help it 1 You must know, I nm sure you »i.usfc know, that in seeking her I have only one meaning —that if I were happy enough to win her re gard—' ' Hush, ij.siB.h, Mr. Roche !' interrupted Lady Ennismore mtk .unmistakable agitation of manner, ' do not speak thm. There can be nothing between you and Helen ; iLQt-h.ing, nothing, put the very idea out of your ' But whyj ady Ennismore V again asked Rociie. 'Because,1 answered LadyEniiismo^o pith a strange quiver in her voice, ' Helen is not in if, goi;fcion to think of you—to be anything to you. V ou must promise me Mr. Roche, promise mo on your word of honor as a gentleman, never to hint anything of this kind to Helen.' Lady Ennismore said these last words eagerly, and bent forward so tint she might see the expression on the young man's face, but with an annoyed air Roche turned away his head. * I will make no promises,' he said. ' But you must,' urged Lady Ennismore. ' Mr. Roche listen to me !' and she clasped her hand tightly on his arm. ' It is for your gjod I am speaking,'she continued, for your good and for Helen's good, She can bo nothing to you—do you understand, nothing 1 If you have thought of anything, or she has thought of anything, slit must go away—she must return to her relation Miss Drummond.' 'You surely would not send her away Lady Ennismore V ' Yes I would,' answered Lady Ennismore, ' I will. Anything would be better than that you ' ' Lady Ennismore,' said Roche very earnestly, ' it is unkind of you to speak thus — to speak in riddles. Why — do answer me—why would it be such a dreadful thing if I were to ask Miss Drummond to be my wife V Lndy Ennismore withdrew her arm hastily from Roche's, and with a sudden, almost a gasping sigh, put her hand over her face. ' I entreat you to answer me,' said Roche looking at her in great surprise. What is there about me, what is there about Miss Drummond that renders our future marriage so impossible ?' Again Lady Ennismore gave a gasping sigh, and then moving her hand from her face, she looked at Roche with strange wist fulness. ' It is like fate.' she murmured, as if she were thinking rather than speaking; 'like the hand of fate.' ' Will you answer my question V urged Roche. 1 Why is it impossible V Lndy Ennismore tried to- rouse herself at these words. She looked at Roche, she con sidered, and then she said slowly and pain fully— •mere is a snaaow on Helen urummond's birth, that renders such an idea absolutely impossible. You must not think of her, she must not think of you. I cannot tell you any more, only I entreat you, I beg you to go away, to forget her, to see her no "more.' ' A shadow on her birth ?' repeated Roche, with both dismay and sorrow in his tone. Lady Ennismore did not speak. She stood there pale, trembling, and so visibly agitated that Roche felt that he could not ur»e her to tell him any more at that moment." ' The subject seems a distressing one to you, Lady Ennismore,' he said, after think ing for a few seconds. 'Perhaps some other time ' 'Yes,' said Lady Ennismore quickly, ' some other time we will talk of it again ; but let us go in now, fori feel cold, so "very cold.' And Lady Ennismore shivered. 'It is cold,' answered Ro.ilie ; and he changed the conversation, and together they pmeeeded towards the house. But just as they reached the bay window in the drawing-i oom, by which Lady Ennis more had left it, and which was still stand ing open, Lady Ennismore laid her hand for a moment on Roche's arm. 'Remember,' she said emphatically, 'what I have told you,' and the next minute she passed on and entered by the bay window into the lighted drawing-room beyond. Roche followed her. Here they found Lord Ennismore drinking te,-. and talking to Mis3 Sinclair, Curzon, riot drinking tea, talking to the pale, fair Julia Bingham, and : Helen Dru.umond, who looked flushed and agitated, standing apart. 'My clear,' said Lord Ennismore, lookinc round as his wife went into the room, ' have you been taking a walk by moonlight ?' ' Yes,' answered Lady Ennismore, smiling; but as she approached the fire she shivered again '' ' Why, K^tie, you are as pale as a ghost V exclaimed Lord Ennismore, still looking at her- ' Give me a cup of hot tea for her, Miss Qirj'clftli- V While Miss Sinclair was pouring out the tea, and Lady Ennismore was warming li?r chilled hands by tho fire, Roche took the opportunity of half-whispering a few words in Helen's ear. ' I want to say something to you, Helen,' he said. ' When can I do so V Helen hesitated, and her already flushed face grew crimson. Then, before she could framp a replv, Lady Ennismore looked sharply rp^nd, and Hoohe observing this moved quietly from Helen's side.' (To be Continued,) 