A -JATASffUOl»HK AT -TIIE CASINO. ' ; -i - nil NA'XllAS I). Ul'.scn. Not long after tlio Casino of tho Central Park was first thrown open (o tho public, throo persona regularly visited its refresh ment ealoone, who were not lone in ensiling i observation by their remarkable conduct. ' Thoy never spoko n syllable, cither to each [ other or anyone eloo ; ovon thoir order being given to tho waiter upon n slip of paper by I ono of the three. lhey were certainly not deaf, because the ?waiter's epoken announcement ot the ex pense incurred wan always instantly as sented to by a general bow ol tho head, and an immediate production of the money de manded. If dumb, thoy used no signs of tho hands, or otherwiso, to communicate .with each other. Their demeanor was invariably of the deepest gloom. Tho lookn which thoy occasionaly caat at each other bora no traces of affection, nothing -,[ tho glow of friendship but were atony and oold, aa with uiutuai re ' i; 'sentment r.ud repulsion.. j? . . They appeared to take no pleasure in tho food they ato, though consisting ot tlio most delicate and tempting viands, but dovoured it with tho mechanical coldness of phantoms or ghouls. All wera clothed in tho deepest, richest blaclt. The faces of all wero utterly devoid of color ; that of tho lady'was very pretty, though sho was no longer young, and possessed of a figuro inclined to embon point. Ol aoaraa tho nppoarnnco of this singular trio regularly once or twice a wools through tyi entire soason, at euoh a fashionable resort, oould not fail to command curiosity and attention. They oamo to bo known among tlio clerks ond other attendants aa tho three ghoula of tho Casino, and many were tho tpeoulations * as to who thoy were, and what wan tho meaning of thoir singular demeanor. In tlio meantime, however, tho silent Btrangers grow gloomier and moro ghoul-liko at every visit : and tho dull cold glaro of re Bontuient in tho eyes ol each appeared to ' daily incroaso in intensity of hato. , ? At last thoro oamon oatnBtropba. Ii was n lovely afternoon, and tho Casino waa thronged. And then tho three strangers began to adopt n moot novel rnodo of lan guage. They began to hisa at each other as if .possessed by a multitude of poisonoua ser pents, Their eyca blazed like basilisks; their teoth glittorcd through their shrunken lips, and still they hissed and hissed nith the fury offionds, Tney wero instantly surrounded by a wondering crowd, monitors cf which could net forbear oxclaiinin?, ' Sbamo I shame!' at such an unnatural exhibition of serpen tine opito and malevolenco. Bat tho thraa boiuga thus unfortunately poo3osse_d only hissed tho louder, and ac companied their aibllatians, by fioroa and threatening gesticulation. Tho lady appeared moro furioua than either of her companions. She hiased away like a pythonoss, ond her fnao, usually so cadaverous in hue, glowed liko tho illumi nated rind of a ' Jack.o'-Lautorn, 'la sho mad?' ' Are thoy .all crazy?'' ' Send for an officer I' and similar ejacula tions foil from tho lips of tho wondering and horrified Bpaotatora ; but without, any effect upon tho onako-lillcd ctrangers.' At^last tho mou worlcod thomselvc.3 into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their feet. Ono of thorn drew a knife, and before ho oould ho prevented, thrust it into tho bosom ol hie opponent. A cry of hou6r rang through tho saloon ; but this jwas changed to ono of wonder nt the conduct ot the woundod man, IIo simply (drew his coat over tho hilt of tho dagger, whioh still remained quivering in his breast, burst into a low, sardonic laugh,- ajadJjtrodo from tho building ns if ho woro unhurt. But, before, he departed, tho only wordaf that had ever baen hoard to proceed from ,tlio myateirous trio fell from his hps. / 'Fiends I'' ho hissed; '??hj the oorpont spoll that governs us all, I will yet haunt ye both I Farewell I Yo may havo destroyed my body, but tho cobm-spiri! in my nature ??-.will follow you on, uml;:ppiupti yo fo-- . . ever 1' i v. ; ' .Ho vanished, and thoso who followed him to tho door instantly lost sight of him, as though ho had melted into thin air. A storm of triumphant biases from tho '''V 'Jiwmalniug ;.i:r WAa.ihDir. onjy^jreply to tha imprecation of thoir defeataii feifow'; and ? thon thoy resumed some wins they had been discussing, end became aseotnbroand silent as ovor. 'Boizathe murderer! Run for a police man J' oriod tho now thoroughly oxoitcd crowd, gathering around with threatening gesturoB, which, however, had no effeot upon tha pair. A polioarann was summoned, lie happened .to bo of tho ultra- phleginatio and matterof laat varioty, who aro in tlio habit of taking everything eaaily. ? ? : After hearing tho story of tho dosperato stabbing, and tho sudden evaporation of tho murdored man, ho regarded the romnining man and woman with considerable non ohalanco, and romnrked i ' Looks to mo liko a regular bilk. Murdered men don't elope out of sight with knives sticking in their hoarto. No nood of .a row about nothing.' Hn wnlkad leisurely off, much to tho dis satisfaction of tho crowd; and tho silent man, with hie silent partner, coolly finished their wine, paid for it, and doparted for their carriage, an had been their ouatom. These who witnessed their doparturo averred that from tho dooths of tho myator ioua ooaoh there waa heAd to issue low and multitudinous hissings, as from a whole nest of wrangling serpenta. Aa the gentleman and lady ooutinued thoir regular viaito to tho Casino, tho abaoneo of thoir whilom companion confirmed many in tha oonviotion that tho murder had boon no sham, but an actual and frightful tragedy ; nnd. tho pair wero rogarded with growing Buepicion and dread. '' .9no w'len 'hoy wore Bitting at the tablo thoy usually ooeupied— as far npart . from tho rati. as possible — a sudden resump tion of tho hissing sounds instantly rivettcd upon them tha most intouso and anxious sortiiiny. I.ut this timo tho biases woro noithor fieroa nor loud. Thoy woro low, tremulous, and hesitating, as of Bnakcs in torror and pain. Tho man and tho woman drew to gether, shivoringly, as if stricken by suddon gusts of ioy wind, and glanced ot tho open . door, with expectant horror upon their oorpso like faeco. All eyoa woro turned in tho oaino direotiou end bo breathless waa tho ausponao that a pin might huvo beon heard to drop. Tho ghoat of tho murdored man glided into tho light of tbo opaoioua doorway, and stood motionloBB for an instant, giving uttoranco simply to a low, aardonio aibilotion, whioh ourdled tho blood of all who heard, and oau3ed the guilty oouplo to cower ond ahud dor in abjeot horror. The ghost was attired prcoiaely aa whon last beheld in the saloon, much after tho manner of Dion Bouoioault's ' Phantom,' save that 'His waist was bound with bis waist- band round, His burnished stove-pipe gleamed on high, But his breast was. bare, with the rod wounds there, And dark was tho glare of his glaasy oye.' The dagger remained plantod in hia breast. Ho pointed to it with a movolosa linger, and then glided forward without a sound. The ladies wero too much frightened to soream, but turned porfootly whito with terror. Tho waiterH blanched to tho color of their aprona. ^ But tha: guilty oouplo presented tho most pitiable night,',' They aotually wilted bcneatlj . the avenging hunda whioh tho phantom ex tended mcnuoingly above them. Tho tableau might have rcaohod ovon u moro ghaatly. extremity had not a porsonage at this moment strolled in, for whom tho supernatural, or ita imitationa, had but Boanty terrors,: This was the phlogmatio . ofllaur. ' What's this tom-foolery ?' he blandly remarked ; at .^the name time giving the iii'loouti phantom ti slap on the baa!; which made a mundane being of him in the twinkl ?; in.; ot an eye/ ' 1'he uiau of tinpootio phlegm then pluokod the digger from tlio phantom'# brcaat, and rent liioi rctlirg back from a punch in tho filM with !i;a olnlwart elbow. ' Sow. blci'd to death, if yon Willi' ho c.v.-!:.iuicd, v.ith »avnf,e cruelty. ' You tee, Isdics and gentlemen, ' he continued, holding up tho murderouB poinard, ond working it with his hands ; ' didn't I tell you how it was all a bilk, Thia ia a trick dagger, whoso blade runs into tho liilt, and that vagabond waa never hurt a bit.' A cry of rage burst from the crowd who had been so cgregiouoly sold, and a move ment wob mado toward tho 'phantom ' and hia fiicnda, tho latter of whom had arisen and began to hiss anew. ' No moro of that !' cried the officer, swinging his olub, angrily. ' Speak out, or como to the lookup I' Thoy understood hia gesture, if not his words ; nnd atroigthaway thooo mysteriouB aid thoughtless ones began to speak French ar. urato that would havo alarmed an army ot Germans. ' Who understands their lingo ?' roared the oDiaor, clapping his hands to his care. A littlo dapper gentleman, palo with trepidation, camo forward and explained, in -broken Eoglibh, that ho jvbb tho agent of tho gentleman ami lady, who woro French mountebanks (renowned artist?, ho called thorn), whom ho had brought aver to this country. Pending their appearanco at a certain Bowery establishment, ho p'ni~ adopted thia innoccnt modo of enhancing their importance, ' intonding to mako a regular newspaper oxposo shortly before their legitimate appoaranco, and thus insure over whelming houses. Thia explonation waa made under suoh ludicroua terror, that tho good humor of tho majority of tho throng was thoroughly re stored, and the disaomfited acrobats and sword Bwallowera, with their littlo agent, ware suf/ored to depart unmolested ; but thoro woro many who remembered, with no degree of Gatiofaetion, how oomplotely thoy had been 'sold ' in tho Casino, 