The Rajah's Yengeance. A STO^Y OF INDIA- CHAPTER I. A STRANGE EXPERIENCE. n o v e l i s t . By FREDERICK M. DEY. IT was just ten o'clock on the night,of Novem- Jer 30, 187— , when I arrived at llii front door of the old Cogswell mansion—anight when the most tardy*nd venturesome wooM only appear out of itorson errands of the utmost necessity. The find *** Wowing a gale, laden with infinitesimal particles of razor-edged eleet, which often drew Hood on my face as I toiled through the darkness against the fierce and violent tempest. I was more than glad when I closed the great oaken door behind me, and for the first time since I had been tte inhabitant, the old Ccgswell mansion seemed cheerfnl: for before going ont that evening J had built a fire of huge logs in the mascire fireplace of the great hall, placing the screen carefully before it for safety, and as I shut out the roaring, hurtling, venomous wind upon regaining the house, the welcome blaze sent a thrill of warmth through my half-frozen body, and the flickering, eddying shadows creeping and dancing back and forth along the oaken wainscoting for a moment seemed like companions in the solitude of that great honse of which! was the sole inhabitant. Quickly divesting mjteJf of my outer garments, lighting a long-stemmed pipe, and placing my slippered feet where they could feel the warmth of the ruddy blaze, I sank littlessly back upon the cushion of a reclining chair, and gave myself up ft reflection. I had a great deal to think about that night, and tleep was sever farther from my eyes and. senses, for I had just met with a disappointment which ftll like a crushing blow upon my ambitious hopes, blotting out the sun of my future, teariDg ruthlessly down my ' airy castle in Spain,'and filling my pathway to happiness, which I had thought so clear and unobstructed, with impass- \- able rocks, debris, and drif twood. In short, I had gone but in the early t vening full of life and hope, flushed with success and prospectively a rich man, •and I had returned laden with despair, cast down by a weight of circumstance through which I could see no vista of light. Though not at all subject to nervousness I yet had so unexpectedly thrust myself upon a scene-of horror in my journey that Bight that even as I loaned back in my chimney corner, puffing clouds of smoke over my head—See picture No. 1—I could see the agonised features of old Aaron Prime as I had seen them but an hour before, with the ugly blue hole in his forehead where the bullet had entered, lying upon his back in the oflioe of his mill, dead; I had gone there to keep an appointment—to secure Aaron Prime's signature to a paper which was, at that moment, reposing in. the pocket of my greatcoat worthless, while but a few hoars before it lad teemed co valuable to me. J, John SoogltH, had bsen, at the age of thirtyone—oneyearbeforc—made the heir and sole executor of dl ihe«u3iily esUte'tfhicVHenbsnCogis- : iffft^fctf ><Mna >Wn at his. death.'. ThaUU mnot moch,«o far as apparent or .negotiable two things—the old taansion, which stood at the edge cl a deep wood, a Utile over a mile from Aaron Prime's null, and three acres cf ground with it, two of which were swamp, and therefore s p h n g a I g r - o d m So. I—' 1 leaned back inmy chimney corner, putlog clouds of smoke over my head.' I had immediately taken up my abode in the ghostly old house, which had held a strange interest lor me ever since I had played around it as , a boy, and as I possessed a small income, just sufficient for my absolute needs, I would have gone smoothly and evenly on through life, devoting my time to the philosophical studies of which I was passionately-fond, had it not been for the request. It was that which had led me out of the even tenor and methodical habits of my life, conceiving in me* thirsty ambifcion to attain the great wealth it At first I had gone about my task as the simple fulfilment of a duty imposed upon me, bat as obstacles, one after another, arose in my path, ex- Citing my perseverance Mid energy, I had dreamed about it when alohe, until I had made my airy Castles not only inhabitable, but in a measure necessary to my existence. The request, which had made such a radical ehange in my whole nature, was simple enough in itself; but by reason of many unseen obstacles, exceedingly complex in its attainment. Briefly, it was as follows : 4 I particularly and especially request that the wMSotan Donglwa, my heir and sole executor hereunder, will aecure the signatures of Aaron £tiue £ttd-Jacob Hurley?—both townsmen of mine —46 tte document which he will find in a yellow envelope in my desk, addressed to him, the nature ol which is f ally explained by the several papers In the package withs&id; envelop®, all of which are tied Mith red-tape, and . are in the upper righthand corner pigeon-hole of said desk.' Simple enough 1 I felt that I had but to search lor the papers, post myself thoroughly as to their contents, and then place the document before the two men to seoure their signature to it, and I little foresaw the surprise and laooor that were before me. The surprise came when I read the several papers, but a week after Beubeu Cogswell's death. Among them I found one in the old man'6 hand writing, giving me a history of tho case, and as I tead my eyes opened in wonder. It told me, methodically and in great detail, the strange and complex story of his life, wild and weird enough to excite the incredulity cf the most easily impressed. He was a very old man when he passed away, and aged men in the neighbourhood said that he had been old when he came among them aearly fifty years before and purchased the place after known by his name, where he lived the life of a hermit, reoiving no one but mjsdf into the ahadowy mysteries of his house. Tome he bad, in my early bojhood, taken a lasting fancy, and I used to sit with him tours at A time, imbibing depths of knowledge and philosophy such »s I could not procure elsewhere ; and when, he died -everything lie possessed was left to me. a i a f p h t b Tfcc story of which I becamo possessed, upon: jfading the papers, told briefly, was as fol-1 IOWB: I In early life B^ben Cogswell had been a fol- 1 Jwcrtf the 6ea, and from the forecastle had risen to the cabin. Still advancing, he had become the owner first of the ship he commanded and then of others, until at last they grew into a fl-etof traders, which annually brought him in a magnificent income. Trading mostly with the Eastern countries, he had many times visited them, establishing branch houses in difl'ereut places, and thus spending much of his time abroad. Occasionally he took a long trip into the interior, purcashing articles for csport to his native land, and upon one of those excursions, when in the heart of India, he had met with a strange experience which had turned tbe smooth and even course of his life into a rocky and precipitous channel which had finally, ended in a solitary death. Berng entertained overnight by one of the rich and powerful Hi jahs, he had by the merest accident met and spoken with one of his daughters, a beautiful girl, with great, dark, languid eyes and soft white skin, just tinged with tbe olive of tbe Sonth. He immediately created an excuae for lingering longer in the palace of the Bajah, seeking only an opportunity of speaking with the beiutiful crea tare again. It came, and many thereafter, for the girl had fully rrciprocated his fancy, and one night, having bribed some of the servants to assist j them, they cscaped from tho palace and fled together to the coast, where they were soon em barked in one of his many vessels, sailing as fast as the wind could drive them for America. The wedding took place aboard tbe ship, the j witnesses being Aaron Prime, then master of the j vessel th y were on, and Jacob Huiley, the mate. For two years all went well with the happy couple, and they lived a life of calm content. A daughter had been born to them and reached the age of one year, when Cogswell, for the first time since his marriage, was compelled, through basi ness matters, to absent himself from his Boston home for awhile, bnt when, on departing, be bade his wife and child good-bye, it was for the last time, for he never saw them again in his pleasant home. He had been absent a week when, on returning, he found the .house strangely quiet. The Indian servant brought with them from the Rajah's domain had disappeared. > Filled with'dismay, he bed dashed through the rooms to his wife's apartni9nts to find them vacant. Nothing was disturbed; not a sign of a struggle or commotion "was apparent in the room, or indeed in the house. Everything was in the most perfect order, and yet his wife and child were gone. They had mysteriously disappeared. Skilled detectives were engaged, and every known expedient for tracing the lost ones wns reorted to without success. No one had seen strangers about the place; one had seen the eople of the house depart from it. At length be gave np in aerpair, abandoning all oped ever recovering Ins loved ones:; but one ight, as lie sat brooding over bis troubles, tha lass in the window near him crashed inward, and hand and arm were thrust through the opening n the hand was a folded slip of paper, which he rasped as it fell buttering towards the floor. It ead-. . ' . ' ^ ' "Your wife Iswith her father, the Bajah, whore ki^ffia'OTliSSttdMto^S:*-^He*fifisiiHfflji*r f your child depends upon your speedy obeience.' Cogswell did not hesitate, for on the following orning he sailed for India, and without delay resented himself at the palace of the Baah. Immediately on fais-aimal he was seized by the ndian servants, and without ceremony placed in room divided in half by a double iron grating, he other half being-occupied by his wife. Thus hey were again in fall view of each other, enabled o converse, but so far apart that it was impossible or one to touch the other. The poor mother knew nothing of the child jnee she had arrived in her father's palace, hither she had been brought by his emissaries ent out from India. It soon be&me; evident that they were placed here to starve in sight of each other, for as day. fter day went withont food being brought to them, hey began to grow weaker, and they were forced o realise what was in store for them. Either might have borne the terrible suffering etter alone, but to be compelled to witness the gony of one whom we love tears the heart-string n twain. There for many days they lingered on with not soul coming sear them to whom they might pray or food. On the fifth day the "beautiful yomg wife exired. Not once during the long hours of agony ad she complained: not once had she regretted he act which had brought her fate npon her. Through the whole of her sufferings she had orne np, and at last she died with words of love mingled with the name of her husband upon her lips. "Who shall describe the tortures he endured as he saw her grow hourly weaker and weaker before his eyes,finally fading away as the lily fades when blighted by the bitter frost ? He, too, longed to die, but the hard training he had received when a lad had made hitn so hardy and strong that he did not succumb as rapidly as his wife. She had been dead but a short time when the door on her side of the grating opened, and her body was borne away. He never saw it again. An hour later Ida own door was thrown ajar, and the Bsjah, accompanied by a guard, entered the cell. 4 You may go now,' he said, sternly; * for as by stealing away my daughter you. taught me how to Eoiler, so have you now, through lier, learned the same lesson. Ton would rather'die this moment than have life regiven to you; bo i you must live that life that you may still suffer in remembrance of what your folly broogh about. <io• but remember this—your child shall never Uook upon your face again; and if, through an.^-accident, you are brought together, she shall die as her mother died. Go I' Cogswell, after a long illnass, finally reached America again, when he speedily sold out his vast possesseions, and secluded himself in the old house which was now mine. "With him he took Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley, placing the former in charge of a woollen mill, which everyone supposed to be his own, tho latter being established upon an immense stock farm, and bearing the reputation of being a very wealthy man. His reasons for thus providing for the two men who had witnessed his marriage I can only set down as a strange whim—the vagaries of mind which in every other respect was well-balanced and sound. Be that as it may, he had so established them tearing the townsfolk to think them rich in their own right, and in return they had managed his affairs for him, making deposits, drawing his various interests, aud once every month coming secretly to liis house in the night to render their accounts, leave with jiim what money he might require, and hear his wishes regarding his affairs generally. It appeared from the manuscript I read that the 1 xding influence in the old man's life was his fear of the Bajah, or the ftajahs descendant*, ererything, even to his minutest affairs, being governed accordingly. Once, some twenty years before his death, he j had found a letter upon liis table which told him [ ibat bis daughter liid wedded with one one of her own rac>". The old Bajah was dead, but his son and successor had sworn to carry out the wishes of hU father, and be (Cogswell) was warned to remain in seclusion for the remainder of his life, and after that he became more of a recluse than ever. It was then he conceived (ha idea which ultimately whirled me into such a chaos of trouble and despair, to to finally crowned with a bappyness which fully recompensed me. 1e caused his entire fortune to be made over to Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley, trustees, the nature of the trust to be determined by tte presentation, after his death, of a document creating a third trustee, whoa he would during bi3 life select, when the three were to unite their several efforts to discover if there existed a lineal descendant of Cogswell's, to whom they were to make over one half the estate, the other haif to be divided equally among them. The three trustees were to agree among themselves as to the best mode of conducting the search, but if any one failed to carry out the conditions of trust he was TO forfeit his entire interest in the estate. About a week bafore his death the old man had added to his manuscript the particular request that- I, John Douglass, whom he had loved and educated from early boyhood, would purchase from tho other two trustees (for I was made the third one, all their interest in the matter; and although he had created me the third trustee, he wished me to act alone and unaided in the matter, mor a particularly because Prime and Hurley were old men. Enclosed with tho request was a letter to each of them, and a document properly and legally drawn for them to sign. He had always placed the utmost confidence in each of them, but he was shrewd enough to know that they had grown into a position where they could defy him if they chose, so far as the property in tteir immediate possession was concerned, although they could draw none of the trust money without the signature of the third trustee, to which be would append a certification by himself. Such certification he had prepared before his death, leaving a blank space in which I was to put my name. > It was a strangely conglomerate transaction and yet so systematic had the old gentleman been that every ground was thoroughly covered, and with the exception of the property held personally by the two men, everything was perfectly straight and binding. He had evidently depended much upon thi ir cupidity to hold them constant to the trust created, and that he had not been amiss my efforts to bargain with Ihem had proved. I had lost no time in placing the facts and docu" ments before them, for wo were enjoined particu" laily to conduct everything with the utmost secrecy, and had at first been met with a Ha* refusal to bargain at all. Finally they had consented to Bign the papsr, provided I would pay them tbe amount thev would have received if they carried out the trust to the end, together with my own share. Gradually they bad been brought down by my importunities until the night of which I speak, when they consented to meet mc at nine o'clock at the office in Aaron Prime's mill, forthe purpose of signing the document in consideration of one-quarter of the trust to them and their heirs -for ever, the property irhich they then controlled to become theirs, in fee, ^ . . _ .. Fall of the prospect of speedily being pat in pos- } session of the rest of the trust, I had gone to meet them. Gone with my whole ambition to begin the search at once foremost in my mind, feeling certain that if there existed a lineal descendentof Reuben Cogswell I could find bim, or her—gone tp.find death, grim and terrible, awaiting me on the part of one of them, and unquestionable guilt and flight on the part of the other. CHAPTER IL AK ONACCOCXRJJJLE VISION. * One murdered by tho other, and that other flown,' I muttered, as I leaned back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through the terrible storm to the mill that night. I had gone there full of hope, elated with the certainty of success; but when I had opened Prime's office door I started back with a cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat upon his back, was Aaron Prime, with a ballet-hole in his forehead.—See picture 2. Chairs were overturned—papers were scattered about the floor—confusion and signs of violence prevailed. I had'bent over liim, plzciug my hand upon his heart an the hope of discovering some sign of life ; butaltliough the body wa9 still warm, life was utterly extinct. Upon the floor near the doorway was a bat, I picked it up and looked at it carefully, and recognised it as belonging to Jacob Hurley, noticing at No. 2.—"Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat on his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullethole in his forehead.' the same time that there was a bullet-hole through its crown. Glancing hurriedly around me, I realised if I shonld by chance be seen there I would be accused of the murder, and I went hastily out, at first intending to arouse the neighbourhood, and give what information I conld regarding the crime. When I again reached the open air, however, all that man's death meant to me becamo obvious, and by a seeming paradox, the crime itself sank into insignificance before the utter failure of my mission, and I hurried homeward through the driving sleet. As I fat by the fire thinking, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alone. I know not why or how, but the feeling came over me so strongly that I arose and looked about mo among the flickering shadows made by the blazing logs in the fireplace. 4 Pshaw !' I exclaimed, re-seating myeelf. ' I am a dunce to allow the sight of a dead body to nnn rve me. It can't be that either,' mused I, ' for I have not thought of it in that way since I first made the discovery.' £ could not, however, shake off the idea that I was not alonc~ I felt no fear, for, especially regarding the supernatural, I was nerveless; but every time I raised my eyes I half expected they would behold some companion in my solitude, although, on the other hand, I knew positively that I was atone. As tho f:»liii fjrcible possession ol me, by a strange antithesis I experienced a drowsy sensation, and then I fell asleep. I say asleep, for that is the only way in which I can explain what transpired, for I must have dreamed. B fore me stood lbs old man, as I h&.l so often seen him, with his back to the fira and bis hands behind him under his coat-tftils-=See picture No. 3—and I arose mechanically and offered him my comfortable chair. * John,' said he, as he seated himself in my place, while I leaned my arm up >n the in inttl over the fire, ' Prime and Hurley have had a fight.' ' Evidently,' I commented. * "Well,'he continued in his usual abrupt way ' you will have to get their signatures to-night or not all, for by morning they will both be beyond signing anything.' ' Why,* I exclaimed, 'Prims is already dead and Hurley has. flown.* 4 Bosh, my boy,'bosh ! They are both there now awaiting you, and wondering why you are so late. Come, start at once. I have seen them, and they will sign.' Accustomed from childhood to obey him almost implicitly, I arose without delay, and, arranging myself in ay storm clothing, once more set out through tbe bitter tempest towards the woollen mill. I waB completely exhausted when I reached it, No. 3.—'Before me stood the old man, as 1 had so often seen Win, with his back to the fire and his hands bahind him under his coat-tails.' and rested for A moment on the steps outside. Then entering I found the two men, as bad been tatcd, awaiting me. ' You are late enongli, (surely,' said Prime; and as I apologised, he toolc lho document from my hand, went to his desk, and, seating himself, signed it. Hurley followed his example, and 1 then passed over to them respectively tbe papers bearing my signature, which made tho bargain complete, and took my departure. While inside it had not. once occurred to me to look at the floor where, earlier in the evening, I had seen the dead body of Prime, but as I left the office I stooped and peered back through tho window. TVbat wis n^yhtHTor to sea the -room in precisely the same condition in which I had fit»t discovered it\thatf night, the murdered body .of Aaron Prime iying rnpon the floor with theilue bullet-hole in the forehead. Shocked beyond-description, 1 hurried rapidly a way,and indue conrse cf timo once more reached The old man mat me at the door, his face radiant with smlleL' ' Got them £ he asked; and when I replied in tbe affirmativ^.he saiid: 'Good! Now I am. going to sleep again. "Dry yourself off it; the fire here, and then you had better get som&eleep; also.' ' Sleep 1' I must have instantly awakened instead, for I suddenly became conscious of the fact that the fire had burned' down considerably, and that I was standing before it in the vain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and diy the soaking garments which were"npon me. Seizing the tongs I poked the fire vigorously for a moment, throwing fresh wood upon it, and soon I had a warm-and cheering blaze again. I was dazed by (he inexplicable circumstances grouped before me. ' It must have been a dream,' I said aloud; ' ' and yet how came those wet clothes npon me ? Where did I get the mud upon my boots ? ' My recollection of what had pajsssed was as perfect as I have described it, and was so vivid that it seemed a part- of the regular occurrences of the evening, notwithstanding the fact of the sudden realisation of my surroundings which had come over me as I stool by the fire. 'Bab!' I cried,in disgust. "I am growing nervous. The experiences of to-night have worked upon iny mind, and I have not only dreamed, but I have walked in my sleep."' Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipe, and after duo preparation again threw myself into the easy chair before the fire, when it suddenly occurred to me to look at my watch. It was nearly two o'clock. Startled by the lapse of time, and the length of my unquiet nap, I arose and crossed to the peg whereon my greatcoat was hanging. ' I will settle this thing here and now I' I muttered, pulling the package from the pocket and returning to my chair at the fire. ' The papers will prove that I have had a iiightmare.'' With a quick movement I undid the string which bound the package together, and selecting the allimportant document, spread it open before me on my knees. Uttering a star tied cTy of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering the many papers broadcast abont on the floor, for there before me on the white page, plainly and legibly, were the well-known signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley. I trembled with excitement. For the first time in my life I knew what it meant to be afraid 1 The room seemed filled with uncamiy shapes fluttering about in shrouds ' and blood-stained garments. There stoed the signatures before me, plain and incontrovertible in their authenticity, in the face of the fact that when. I had gone at nine o'clock to get them one of the men was already dead and the other had disappeared. Suddenly I began wildly gathering the scattered papers together which had fallen upon the floor, looking through them in search of those I was to have given up to the two men in exchange for their signatures. They weie nowhere to be found. Long and eagerly I searched, but without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that they were not there. Where, then, were they ? Had I indeed met those two men when I went forth the scond tima ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron PriiU9 to be dead ? Conld it be that I liad not seen aright, or were they both dead, and had I met and bargained with their ghosts ? Or was it som? fantastic bewilderment of dreamland, which, following the Shakepearian theory of ' dreams are result of a foregone conclusion,' had shaped my sleeping thoughts somewhat into the form of what I had been thinking while awake ? But, no ! my eyes had certainly not been dosed in sleep. I tore my hair in perplexity, for I could not reason the occurences out into any logical se quence. it/" I [To BE CO.N-TD.-EB.] N. ' 