GENERAL NEWS, Received.—From the Central Agricultural Bureau comes the full text of the proceedings of the congress of bureaus recently held in Adelaide.^ The Victorian Government Priri'terlbrwards a copy pf -the agricultural statistics of that oolony for 1890-1. A pamphlet dealing adversely with the Free Edacation Bill, by Mr. M. J. Whitfield, which is chiefly made up of copies of the petitions presented to the Houses of "Parlia ment by the denominational and private school teachers. Peas for Ensilage.—Mr. H. A.- Giles, J.P. (a member of the Mount Pleasant. Agricultural.Bureau), having stated that he had 90 acres of field peas which he proposed to convert into hay or ensilage, Professor Lowrie says that he considers that it would be almost a pity to use this for ensilage, and he thinks it would be better if peagrowers allow the vices to dry and then gather and thresh out the peas. This vegetable makes a blank soaky silage, and it is better when growing the pea for this purpose to mix the seed with that of some plant with a strong straw. Send for Your Letters.—At the G.P.O., Adelaide, letters bearing the following addresses await claimants :—R. Adams, Strathalbyn; R. Clyons, sen., Bridgewater ; Robert Coles, Goolwa; Miss E. Daley, Callington • J. Ferguson, Towita P.O., Murray Bridge; Madge Grey, Strathalbyn; E. Herman, Woodside; A. B. Hicks (sup posed), Bald Hills; Henry Holm, hair dresser, Woodside; Alex, Kerr, Nairne; J. Lohan, Echunga; J. Murphy, Stirling; Mrs. E. Quip, Temperance Hotel, Crafers ; H. Reid, Mount Barker; Mrs. E. fiosenthall, Callington; John Taylor, Murray Bridge; August Wagner, baker, Summertown ; Oscar Wannerbach, Balhannah; and Emma, writer of letter E. Nagel, Lobethal. Baptist Church Items.—At the meeting of the S.A. Baptist Association in Adelaide on Wednesday the annual report was read and contained the following itemB :—Grants in-aid have been made to the churches at Mount Barker and Mannum. Among the ministerial changes during the year has been the removal of the. Bev. B. Taylor'from Mannum to Petersburg. At Mount Barker school and clasB rooms hare been erected at a cost of some £300 and opened free of debt. A new manse, valued at about £700, has been completed at Gumeracha during the year and is free from debt. The Bev. J. Price, of Mount Barker, who formerly nerved the denomination so well as tutor, was nnable on account of failing health to take that position again, and the Bev. W. Bell was appointed in bis stead. The Meningie Crown Lands Ranger.— In reply to the questions relating to Mr. L. R. Sanderson, of Meningie, asked by Mr. G-. Ash, M.P., the Premier (Hon. T. Playford) said iu the House of Assembly ou Tuesday that it was questionable whether on the' repeal of the Crown Lands Consolidation Act, 1886, the powers of Crown Lands rangers which were vested in district rangers by clause 255 of Act 419, 1887, ceased, but the opinion of the law officers of the Crown would be obtained on the point. It was consequently an open question whether Mr. Sanderson had the power of a Crown Lands rgngef. .He considered he had and stated that his solicitor had advised him to that effect. Should the opinion of the law officers of the Crown be in opposition - to that of Mr. Sanderson's solicitor a circular would be sent to all district councils informing them that district rangers could not exereisg the funetions of Crown Lauds rangers unless specially authorised to do so by the Com missioner of Crown Lands. Mr. Sanderson had no authority to prosecute in the case. Onkaparinga Model Parliament.—At the meeting on Friday evening, 9th inst., Mr. Senior, who had led the attack upon the late Government, announced that ha had resigned his claim to the premiership to Mr. Lorimer. Mr. Lorimer then outlined the policy of the new Ministry, in which Mr. Bohlbusch acts as Attorney-General, Mr. Senior as Treasurer, Mr. Keddie takes charge of the Crown Lands Department, and the Bev. W- B. Stephenson fills the position of Minister of Education, the leader taking the dual portfolios of Chief Secretary and Com missioner of Public Works. Ten members spoke upon the policy before the: debate closed, and, with the exception of one or two items which promise food for much conten tion when introduced, it met with general approbation. Orders of the day for 23rd inst.—Reduction of inland postage, Bev. W. B. Stephenson; election of Ministry, Mr. WebbAbolition of Oaths Bill (third read ing), Mr. Keating. Entertainment. — The Mount Barker Institute-hall was well filled on Wednesday evening, when a skiopticon entertainment was given by Mr. E. E. Alcock, district super intendent of the . Independent Order of Bechabites. It was arranged for the benefit of Mrs. J". Bennett, of Mount Barker, the nntimely death of whose husband has left her in needy circumstances with a large family to support. At the same time advantage "was taken of the opportunity to press forward the benefits to be derived from membership of the Beohabite order, so that the act of benevolence was aeoompanied by a good advertisement for the temperance lodge. After an overture from Miss Cornelias Mr. M. H. Madge, J.P., of Adelaide, made a few remarks, urging the benefits arising from connection with friendly societies. Mr. J. B. Thomson followed with a song—a most amusing parody on " Comin' thro' the Bye " —and as several. good local hits wees intro duced and folly appreciated a vociferous encore followed. In response Mr. Thomson told the audience about " The laziest man in all the town." Then followed the main portion of the skiopticon entertainment. " Marley's Ghost," an adaptation (and a very considerable one, too) of Charles Pickens's famous " Christmas Carol," was pictprially illustrated by limelight views shown on a large white sheet occupying nearly the whole of the institute stage. The screen pictures were remarkably clear and distinct, and the familiar story of old Scrooge was impressed still further on the memory by the vivid illustrations. The connective readings were given by Mr. Madge, and the whole piece was presented without a hitch of any kind. Mrs. Thornber opened the second part with a song, "The Better Land," and later on in the evening gave " Darby and Joan," her pleasing efforts being greatly enhanced by the simul taneons exhibition of illustrative views on the screen. Miss Price gave a sympathetic rendering of " Curfew must not ring to- night," and the effect of that favorite recitation was considerably heightened by the.. pictures illuminated, by the skiopticqn. The same rechark applies to the recjiatiqn, ?! The Road to Heaven," given by Master Bernard Stephenson. His enunciation was moBt creditable, and as an effort of memory alone his rendering of the piece well deserved the applause it received. Some charming views of the Irish lakes accompanied Miss Oborn's singing of " Killarney." A number of beautiful dissolving views, representing scenery, architecture, and statuary, were shown, and the audience were delighted with the fine effects produced. A number of comic slides followed, and then " God Save the Queen" brought a very enjoyable entertain- ; ment, and one whioh reflected the ntmosl credit apoa all concerned, to a close. The j duties of accompanists were shared by Miss Cornelius and Mr, A. J. Ninnis. 