SOCIAL CHAT. [By Widkawake. Well, well! Another good rar> gone wrong! Did you ever ? Wlist are th ngs con i lg to at all, at all r Here we Lave the Mayor of Port Adelaide going over to the side of the Single TVixers, as per letter dated May 23rd, ad lressed to th - Secretary Port Adelaide Branch Single Tax League, and reading thusly—" Dear Sir—Will you be good enough at the next meeting of your Branch to propose me as a member. For some time past I have been a strong supporter of the unimproved land value tax, for it is impossible for any obenrver of the times to avoid seeing that the 'seed planted by the earl} •wriunors of Herbert Speucer, and by the abor of such men as J. Stnart Mill, Sir George Grey, and Henry George is springing up rapidly in all the Australian colonies. It is astonishing what an intimate connection there is between the land question and all otlu-r questions of social import. As one of the daily newspapers in a leading article says— " the land question is the labor question," It appears to me also to be closely associated with the unemployed difficulty, and the cause of those industrial depressions which periodically cast their blighting influence over our civilized community. What we have most to fight against is misrepresentation, and an imperfect knowledge of the question. With the view of helping on the discussion I am willing to give, and now offer through you, a prize of twenty guineas to tbe young people of the colony for the best essay on the Single Tax. I leave it with your branch to make the necessary arrangements, appoint judges, etc. I only stipulate-—(a) That the competition should only be open to those under 25 years of age, of either sex resident in the colony, (b) That the essays may be either for or against. (c) That the essays should be divided into thiee heads :—The Single Tax— 1\. What it is, arid the justice or (according to the views of the essayist) the injustice of it; 2 The method of introduction or application; 3 The results which would flow from it. [d] That misrepresentation should disqualify. [e] That the essay should be received on or before November 30, 1891. I «m, dear sir, yours faithfully, [signed] C, Tockee." Now, I most heartily call for three cheers for Mr. Tucker. He deserves them for his placlc in coming over to the side of those who, for the moment, are pointed at with scorn and ridicule, and who, at the hands of many wliant [?] opponents would be called on to suffer the penalties •which have been so frequently visited on the heads of true radical reformers. I would say that for a considerable time I have -been a strong supporter of the unimproved land value fax not.ior the reason assigned by: Mr. Tnfcker, viz*, " that the *eed planted by Herbert Spencer, Henry George, etc, is springing up rapidly in all the Australian colonies," but because this tax" is the one only tax that justice demaods-should be levied to meet common "needs and common expenses; because in oar complex civilization it is the only means -whereby all men can be placed, on equal terms with reference to the natural element, land. I saw it to be essentially just that land values, ' (which are made to attach to what is by right the common estate and •which grow with the growth fif population) should be taken by those who make them. I had to Surrender -when the truth forced itself home upon me that it is by Virtue of a natural law, a law of God, that laud steadily iricreaeeB in value, that population adds to it, that invention adds to it, that the discovery of every fresh evidence of the Creator's goodness in the rich store He has implanted in the earth for our use add to the value of land and not the value of anythinsr else. Talk of it being astonishing thit there is such an intimate connection between the 1 and question and all other questions of social import J . Why,-it is simply: not astonishing,at all i ,-Mau is a land animtil who can onjy Jive on land aud ; woik"6n"iand. The land question is to him what the water-question is to , the fishes or the air questipn to bir<3s. To man the treatment, of land lies at the foundation of all other social questions. If, as has been truthfully said, the lanjl question is the labor question it follows that to the land question we must look for the solution cf the unemployed difficulty, a difficulty which arises from the divorce occasioned by wretched laws between man ?nd the land. Mr. Tucker is to 5 be congratulated on ha ving come to a 'knowledge of the truth, and on having the manliness to declare his belief. His ihandsoinje prize of twenty guineas; will be largely competed for and will do a lot of good in the way -of directing attention to,what a wonderful newspaper pub'ish >d in Broken Hill calls, " The Single Tax Ghost." Yates, of the World, has succeeded in reminding everybody that Albert Edward is a store-broker, by first announcing that the Queen was about to pay his debts, and then giving the yarn the lie. The statement aud contradiction would be equally jarring to poor Tummy's feelings, which will be further shocked by. Truth's statement that V. R. is paying off the big mortgages oh Sandi ingham— also now officially denier 1 . Ya^ek, as was htdy mentioned by The Bulletin, owes ti e other stout gent, a bad tnrn, ht d evid< ntly intends to p y the di bt without assistance. 