THE DAY OF REST. 'YE ARE GODS I' By Bev. ANGUS M. MiCK.iv, B.A. Preached in St. James * Emscoval Church► Aberdeen. 1 " Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods? . . . and the Scripture cannot be broken."—John x. 34, 35. During thelong predominance of Krongelicism the subject of human depravity was so exclusively dwelt upon as to darken and eclipse another side of truth equally important. Preachers used to demonstrate with peculiar unction the utter worthlessness and vileness of human nature. Original sin, according to them, was a gangrene which had eaten away every trace of goodness in the human soul, so that there whs nothing in man which could meet the mace of God and co-operate with it. We are beginning to see now that such teaching is only a half-truth, or, rather, it is not even that; it is a distortion of truth which is apt to become more mischievous than what is altogether false. It is quite true that "all our righteousness is as filthy rags," and that" there is none that doeth good, no, not one." lint these and a hundred other texts of like import mean only that without Christ we can do nothing, that it is not in man to direct his steps, and that no good thing can spring forth in ns with out the co-operation of the Holy Spirit. Without God no virtue can be ours, just as without rain and sunshine the seed can never become a tree. Never theless, in a sense, leaves and blossoms and fruit lurk hidden in every seed; and the possibilities of a noble and virtuous life lie concealed in eveiy human being, however degraded and debased. Instead, therefore, of saying to every human creature, "Grovel and debase yourself to the dust, for your nature is hopelessly vile and corrupt," we ought to say, " You are nobler than you know or suspect; remember that yon are a son of God, and rise to the dignity of your calling in Christ." Man is like a palm-tree grown under Northern skies, stunted and dwarfed and misshapen because the bright sunlight and gentle air which are necessary to its right development are wanting, and yet having in itself that which under favourable circumstances would have made it a miracle of gracefulness and beauty. He is like the diamond or other precious stone in its rough shape, with nothingattmctive about it, duller than a piece of common glass, and yet of such a .texture that wfien, polished and cut into a hundred facets it becomes the key to the treasury of the sun beam, find breaks It up into all the colours of ;thb rainbow. Or heiis as themarble in the quarry; in its natural condition there is no beauty that we ahonld desire it; but let it be cnt and polished and chlsled, bring to bear on it the labour of the artisan and the knowledge of the builder, the skill of the architect, and the genius of the sculptor, and such artistic miracles as Milan Cathedral or the Venus of Milo may be the result. Now, while Scripture never disguises man's natural vileness, neither does It disguise the great possibilities of his nature if God be allowed to work His will upon it. Jesus, above all, was accustomed to appeal to'what is noble in man, and to assume that there is something noble even in those whom the world had rejected as worthless; and yon know how successful His method was. And in no instance does His championship of our nature appear so uncom Bomising as in our text. His enemies had accused im of blasphemy because He called Himself the Son of God. In His reply to the charge He places Himself, as He loved to do, on the basis of onr common humanity. He reminds them that a Psalmist, speaking of certain unjust judges, had nevertheless declared that they were "gods and sons of the Most High," and He emphatically endorses the Psalmist's words, and declares that this Scripture cannot be broken. If, then, He says, even these unjust judges could be called gods and sons of the Most High, how can it be blasphemy for One whom the Father hath sanctified and sent into the world to call Himself the Son of God? All men, in virtue of their manhood, may be called gods, much more the Just and Holy One, who is the very model and pattern of what manhood may become when perfect and without sin. The Bible says of us, then, that we are gods. It says so even of those who may have forgotten the godhead that is in them, and who may be living far elow the level to which their nature calls them. Let us see if we cannot on reflection discern traces of the God-like even in our ordinary and common place human nature. HKIIOES IK HUMBLE LIFE. First of all, remember how we come across traces of high moral qualites even where we should least expect them. Think, for example, how much courage and heroism there is among ordinary men. How often at a fire, where the lives of women and children are imperilled, does some brave fellow risk a painful death again and again, and perform actions which make our hearts swell with admira tion as we read of them, in order that he may save from destruction some human creature whom he has never known or seen I Who is this hero? Not some wearer of the Victoria Cross; not some veteran warrior whom discipline and custom have made contemptuous of death; merely some ordi nary working man, about whom Mb comrades have never observed anything remarkable, and who, perhaps, will never be brought prominently, before the public gaze again. Or there is an explosion in a coal mine, followed by choke-damp, and scores are in a moment hurried into eternity. Then there is a call for volunteers to search for and save any who may be left alive imprisoned in the mine. Did you ever yet hear of any difficulty in forming such a rescue party, though the task is one of frightful peril, and life is as dear to workers in a coal mine as to you or to me? Again, let us ask, who are these heroes? Men of rough exteriorsandcoarsem&nners;, [ who would probably repel you if youmet them, and in whom you would never expect to find the brave and gentle heart of a hero. Or look again at the common soldier. We know that most frequently the ranks are recruited, not from the sober, industrious, self respecting members of the community, but from the thriftless and ne'er-do- well, the improvident and idle, the loungers at our street corners, the frequenters of our public-houses. Well, but bring order and discipline to bear upon these men; instil into them devotion to duty; inspire some higher and nobler sentiment than love of pleasure into their lives, as, for instance, apridein theirregiment, attachment to their flag, a lore of their country's honour! and lo, what a transformation is wrought; what incredible hardships will these men endure without a murmur; of what deeds of valour are they not capable; how fearlessly will they face wounds and death! If such heroism lurks un suspected in the class we should think the least hopeful, in the lees of society, only awaiting the ' training and opportunity to call it forth, who will deny that the virtue of lofty courage is much more common than.we generally allow? I do not mean, of coarse, that these men live up to the standard of this occasional heroism. But a man's capabilities are to be judged by his highest, not his lowest, and therefore reflection shows us that a potential hero is often to be fouud even in the idler and spendthrift. HUMAN KINDNESS. So again as regards compassion and kindness, there is plenty of it in the most ordinary type of human nature, if it could only be educed and con ducted into the right channels. A little sobbing child that has lost its way in the streets will call forth gentle words from the roughest and coarsest of the bystanders. The sorrows of little Nell, or the pathos of the life of Colonel Newcome, will bring genuine teats of pity into the eyes of men and women not at all remarkable for philanthropy. , Such tears are worthless as medicine for the world s evil, but they are witnesses to a very real capacity for compassion if only we could get at it and turn it into account. The real reason why men who can be much moved by descriptions of poverty, and sorrow, and suffering in a book will give only the smallest , of coins if asked to contribute to Home Missions or Hospitals is not that they are hypocrites, but that they lack imagination. Probably 3 a wounded mas were thrown upon their hands they would nurae him with the greatest tenderness, ana spare neither trouble nor money to restore him to health; but when the case of hundreds of such men are grouped together under the term Hospital, and the facts come before them in tue shape of statistics, they cannot grasp or realizeall that itmeans; and unless they hare the Spirit of Christ and have learnt to be thoughtfully compassionate, the appeal is made to them in vain. Tuouch, therefore, the majority of I i men judged by their deeds are callous and thought* less of others, yet in reality they are better than they seem. The seed of much human kindness is in them, if only it could be made to grow. I 8RLF-8 ACitl PICK. I Or think, again, of the cardinal virtue of ] I Christianity—self-denial. Any one who at any part ! of his career bos been led to peruse with his own I eyes " the short and simple annals of the poor11 1 knows that among the masses of the population there is a great deal more of this virtue than many 1 of us suspect. Any clergyman who has visited In & I poor district conld giye you scores of examples of heroism in hnmble iiiet of wives who have I patiently and uncomplainingly worked twelve or fourteen hours a day to support a sick husband; of servant- girls cheerfully parting with almost all their earnings to keep up their parents' home; of the readiness with which these who have not enough fur themselves will give something to assist a neighbour who is in even wurso ease. The poor who do sucii deeds do not call tliciu by high sounding names. They are not aware tliat there is anything remarkable in their acts. They are not, probably, religious people, and perhaps hardly ever enter a Church; it is just- that suffering has taught them sympathy. But these facts teach us that in average nnregenemte human iinture there are great possibilities; that men, even the lowest, are capable of great virtues if only God's Holy Spirit is allowed to operate on the heart. We do not, indeed, rise to the level which we arecapableof reaching. Toooften we are unawareof thepossession of anythuigGod-like or noble. The good seed in us rots and perishes. But it is there, and by virtue of it we are of great worth in God's sight. It justifies at once the great title which the Psalmist gives us, and the threat he attaches to that title when we neglect to stir up the gift that is in us: "I said, ye are gods, and all of yon are children of the Most High. But ye shali die like men, and fall like one of the princes." I Till: 11IV1NK IS INTELLECT. Thus, then, there are traces of high moral qualities eveo in the most ordinary and common of intellectual greatness where we should least expectit. Say wnatyouwili, there is something God like in intellect. I lasoir it is usual in the pulpit to assume that moral elevation is the only important thing, that religion is not concerned with a man's intellectual state, and that God puts no value upon the culture ot a man's mind, but only upon the parity of his heart, I doubt very much whether this is the right view to take. Since God has made man, body, soul, and spirit, I cannot believe that He is indifferent to Jbhe n^bt cultivation of any part of his nature. After all, whether a man is like the brutes around bim, or far elevated above them, : depends to some degree, at least, upon the extent to which his mental powers hare been cultivated. Since the richness, variety, and beauty of our life here depend upon the width of our culture, we cannot suppose that it can be wholly otherwise hereafter. If all men were God-like in intellect, if all were Shakspeares and 'MiltonB, it would be much easier to believe in the natural and inherent immortality of man than at present it is. When we See, as we do in heathen countries, and perhaps in i -some .classes at home, men so little elevated above .the brptes, with .the higher perceptions so little developed, with the TefiectiVe powers so weak and rudimentary, iteCemsby no means self-evident that even of these, and even in view pf their undeveloped mtntal ltfe. it may be not unfitly said, "Ye are fods, and all of you are children of the Most High." | 'or though they are not great, there are the germs and seeds of intellectual greatness in every one of them. There is a capacity for mental growth as well as spiritual, which separates them almost infinitely from the brutes winch perish. Every one : must have met, among the illiterate, men who, one | could see at a glance, would have shown great talent j if they had had the benefits of education. The very shape of the head has proclaimed it; and the keen observation, the pitby language, the wonderful memory, hare all confirmed the fact that here were some of the rough nuggets of genius. Depend upon it, there is many a man who has never learnt to appreciate anything in music beyond a music-hall soug with a jingle in in, or in art beyond the gaudy oleograph that decks a cotter's walls, who might, hod nls circumstanccsand opportunities been other wise, have had the artisticjiercoption of Buskin, or an eye for Naturesuch as Wordsworth had. Depend upon it Gray speaks only sober truth when he says, writing of a country churchyard;— "Perhaps in this neglected spot is laid Some heart once pregnant with celestial fire; Hands tliat the rod of empire might have swayed, Or wak'd to ecstasy the living lyre." " Some village Hampden that with dauntless breast The little tyrant of his fields withstood: Some mute inglorious Milton here may rest, Snmo Cromwell, guiltless of his country's blood." " But knowledge to their eyes hev ample page, Rich with the spoils of time did ne'er unroll; Chill penury repress'd their noble rage, And froze the genial current of the soul." Well, but, brethren, remember God sees ill ntivn not only what he is, but what lie is capable of becoming; He sees the flower and fruit in tlie bud, nay, in the seed. And remember, farther, that we cannot think, if we reflect at all, that there is really such a tiling as waste in the universe; we cannot suppose that the powers which hare had no chance of unfolding in this world were given for nought; we must believe that the life beyond will witness their full development. And if we keep this firmly in mind we shall be able to say, even when we fix our gaze on the illiterate, on the heathen vacant of our glorious gains, or on children who may pass from our earth before they know their right hand from their left, «■ Surely ye are gods, and all of you are the children of the Most High." THIS EDUCATION Of HUMANITY. And then, lastly, we see a further proof of man's natural divinity in liis history. The education of our race is a proof of its greatness. Things which are born in a night also perish in a night; things of slow growth, as the oaktree, are those which are destined to endure for centuries. And when we remember bow slow and gradual has been the train ing of our race; how revolution has been precept upon precept, line upon line, here a little and there a little; bow history and nature and science and art have all contributed to the training and develop ment of man, we get a bint of the real greatness of Him who is the crown and flower of the physical creation. And when we turn to the cardinal truths of religion the sense of wonder and awe at our own greatness increases. What must be the value God puts upon us, since for our sakes and for our salva tion He became man, and lived as one of us, and died a death of shame to win us back from the thraldom of sin into the glorious liberty of the children of God. When we reflect upon these things we begin to realize the literal trutli of our Saviour's words, who taught that the whole physical universe is not a fit equivalent to give in exchange for a single human soul; we begin to see the significance of this passage, in which the Saviour quotes with approval the Psalmist's assertion that we are gods, and solemnly assures us that this Scripture cannot be broken. Brethren, I Imve not dwelt upon this subject to make us satisfied with our present condition, but to awaken in ns a divine discontent with it by show ing what we might be. There is little need to dwell much upon human depravity; wo all know too well how real it is from the evidence both within us and around us. But, perhaps, U we more vividly realized the presence of the Divine in ub we should be better able to live down the tiger and theupe, which are also a part of our nature. Christ's method, at least, as I have said, was alw&yB; to appeal to the god in man, and we know how surprising were the results of that method. There are twelve men whose names are honoured above all others in this world for the lives they lived and the work which they accomplished— I mean the twelve apostles. Well, what kind of men were they, think you, in the eyes of their contem poraries'; Just such men as you will find in the working ranks of any country to this day, fisher men, peasants, artisans, with the weaknesses and vices common to their class. Christ saw a holy apostle where others saw a commonplace artisan, and what Be saw in due time He evoked. Do you doubt that Peter was just such a fisherman as other fishermen? Can you doubt that oaths and curses were as common on his lips as they are now on the iips of most sailors, when you remember bow be cursed and swore in the hour of bis apostacy? Vet Christ saw the possibilities of a singularly holy character in this rough fisherman; He appealed to his better nature, and it triumphed over all that was base in him. Christ called liim the rock at a time when he was anything but firm; a few minutes before he rebuked Christ, and a few months before lie forsook Him and denied him; and. weak ami wavering as be had once been, a very rock indeed he afterwards became. Now think of Christ's conduct to Levi, to Zaccliasus, to the Magdalene, to the woman taken in adultery, and yon will see at once that it was not His custom to denounce or unspar ingly rebuke those of whose reformation He had any hope, but rather to gently hint that He saw the good in them to which other men were blind; and by tills method He, and He alone, sncceededin making saints out of publicans and harlots. And, therefore, brethren, He would have us learn from our text- to reverence the Divine in us; to cherish every liolv aspiration and every pure desire; to believe that in spite of the sin which is in ns our souls contain the germs of many a God-like virtue and power; to remember that our spirits are the temples of the Holy Ghost ; to look to Christ and see in Him the glorious possibilities of our human nature, because it is written, " As He is so are we in this world." To realize the good in us will be, in great measure, "to mortify and kill all our evil and| corrupt affections, and daily to proceed in all virtue ana godliness ,of living;" it will be to listen to that Divine voice of conscience which com mands— " Arise, and fly The reeling faun, the sensual feast, Move upward, working out the beast, And let the ape and tiger die." 