, the. south seas. ; ; ; ; ! - PART K.— THE LOW ARCHIPELAGO.' j ; (BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.) OHAPTEn XVIII. — A PACMOTUAN PDUBBAE. i ' No, I had no. guess of thoso men's, terrors; Yet I had received ere that a bint, if I hnd under stood. And the occauiori was a funoral. A little apart in tho main avenuo of Rotoava, in a low hat of leaves, tint opened on/a amcul enclosure, like a pigsty ori its pen," ah old 'man dwelt solitary with his aged wife. -Perhaps they were too old' to migrate witli' the .others ; 'per haps tliey wore too poor, and had no pessessiohs to dispute. A least thsy'romairied behind ; and it thus befell they wore invited to my feasts I daresay it was quite a piece' of politics in' tho pigsty whothor to come or not'-to come, 'and tlio husband long swithorod between curiosity and age, ' till ouriosity conquered, and they came, and in. tho midst 'of that 'last merry making, death tapped him on tho shonldor.! For some - days, when the sky was bright and tho wind cool, his mat would bo spread in the main highway of tho village, and he was to be seen lying there inert, a mere handful of man, his wife inertly seated by hia head. They seemed to have outgrown alike our needs' ami' thoy suffered us to pass without a glance ; tiro wifo did not fan, sho seoraod not to attond upon her husband, and the two poor antiques sat juxtaposed under the high canopy of palms!; the human tragedy reduced to its bare ele ments, a sight beyond pathos, stirring a thrill of cariosity." And yet there was one touoh of tho pathetio haunted me — that so muoh -youth' and expeatation- should have ran in these starved- veins, and the man- should have squandered all his lees of lifo upon a pleasure party. '' ' ' : ' On tho morning of tlio 17th September the sufferer died, and, time pressing, he was buried tho same day at 4. The cemetery lies to sea ward, behind Government House, a dreary, small enclosure ; broken coral, like so -much road metal, forms the surface ; a few wooden crosses, a fow iuoonsiderable upright stones, designate graves ; a mortared wMl, high enough to lean on, rings it' about; a clustered shrub surrounds it with pale leaves. Hero was the girave dug that morning, doubtless by uneasy diggers, to tho sound of the high son and tine erics -of sea birds. Meanwhile' the dead man waited in his house, and tho widow and another aged woman leaned on the' feneo before the door, no speeoh'upori their tips, no speculation in thoir eyes. : l" - ' " » f-' ; -Sharp at tho hour tho procession was -in maroli, the coffin wrapped in white, nnd carried by four bearers ; mourners behind — not many, for not many remained' in Rotoava,- and not' many in black, for theso were poor ; tho' men in straw hats, white coats and bine trousers, 'or tho gorgeous parti-colored pariu— the Tahitiun kilt ; the women, with a few exocptioriB, brightly habited. Tho presence of Mr. Donat and the white strangers gavo a note -more serious. Far in -the rear oame the widow, painfully, harrying tho dead man's mat; a creature aged,' boyond humanity, to the likeness of some 1 missing link. . j . The dead man had: been a Mormon, , but tlio Mormon clergyman was gono with the i rest to wranglo over boundaries in the adjacent .' isle, and a layman took his office. : Standing at tlio .head of the open grave' in n white coat and pariu, his Tahitiun Bible in his hand and one eye bound with a red handkerohief, ho read solemnly that ohapter in Job whioh lias been read and heard over the bones of so many of our fathers, and, with n good voice offered up two prayers. Tho wind and the surf boro a burthen. By the cemetery gate a mother in crimson suckled an infant rolled in blue. : In the midat the widow sat upon the ground and polished ono of tho coffin stretchers with i a piece of coral-; a little later she: had turned her back to the grave and was playing with; a leaf. Did oho understand ? God knows. -The preacher paused a moment, stooped ': and gathorcd and threw reverently an the coffin' a handful of rattling coral. Dust to dust ; but tho grains of this dust were gross liko chert rics, and tho truo dust that was to follow sat near by, still cohering (as by mirnole) in the tragio semblance of a female ape. The eter nal roar of the surf mocksd the whilo at the wholo transitory race of tho mournod and the mournors. So far, Mormon or not, it was a Christian funeral. Tho well known passage had been road from Job, tho prayers had beon rehearsed, tho grave was filled, tho mourners straggled homeward. With a little ooarsor grain of cover ing earth, a littlo nearer outcry of the sea, a stronger glare of sunlight on tho rude enclol euro, and somo ineongrnous oolors of attire, tho well remembered form was reproduced. And by rights it should havo been muoli otherwise. The mat should havo been buried with its owner ; but tlio family boing poor, it was thriftily resorved for a frash service. Tho widow should bavo flung herself upon tho grave, and raised tlio voice of official griof, tho neighbors have chimed in, and the narrow isle lung for a spaco with lamentation. But tho widow was old, perhaps she had forgotton — perhaps never understood, and she played like n child wich leaves and coliin stretchers. In all waya my guest was buried with niaimod rites. Strange to think that his last oonscious pleasure was tlio Casco and my feast ; strange to think that ho had limped thoro, an old ohild, looking for somo now good. And tho good thing, rest, had been allotted to him. But though tho widow had nogleotcd inuoh, there was ono part slio must not utterly neglect. Slio cama away with tho dissevering funeral ; but tho dci& man's mat was left behind upon tho grave, and I ienrnod that by set of sun sho must roturn to sleep there This vigil is impera tive. From sundown till tho rising of tho morn ing star tlio I'aumotuan must hold his watch ahovo tho ashoa of his. kindred. , Many frionds, if the dead have been a man of mark, will keep tho watchors company ; they will bo well sup- plied witli' coverings againat the weather; I believe", tlioy bring, food, -and the rite is porse« yerpd !in for .'.twtf,' iiyeojcs.' Our poor, survivor,' if,. indeed, sherproperly survived,! had littlo' to . coyer, '..and. fow Jo sit with hor ; on -tho night of tho funeral a strong squall chased her from her plaeo'of iyatoh'; .for days tho weather' liold "unoortaiih and outrageous, and ore seven ' mights were up sho had. desisted and returned - to.sleep iu lior Iow roof. That she should bo at tho pairis of returning for so short a visit to a solitary liouBe— that this borderer of tho gravo should fear a littlo 'wind and o wot blankot— filled me at tho timo with musings. I could not say sho was. indifferent ; she was so far, beyond me" in experience that the court of; my criticism waived jurisdiction ; but I forged' oxousos, tolling myself ' she had perhaps littlo to lament, perhaps suffered muoh, perhaps un derstood nothing. '' And lo 1 in the wholo affair there was no question whothor of tenderness! or , pjetji, arid tiio'sturdy return qf this old remnant was a mark either of uncommon Bonso or of un common fortitude.' Yet one thing had occurred that partly sot me on tho trail. T have said the funoral passed much sh at homo. But when all was ovor, when wo , were trooping in decent silence from tho grave-' yard gate and down' the path to the settlement,"' a sudden inbreak of a different spirit startled and perhaps dismayed its. ' Two people walked not far apart in our procession, my friend, Mr.' Donat-Donat-Rimorau. "Donat tho much handed "—aotiug Vioo-Resident, present ruler of, tho archipelago, by far tlio man of ohief im portance on the scene, hut known besides for one of ait unshakable good temper; and. .a certain comely, strapping young Faumotuan woman, tho ooinoliest on tho isle— not (Ict!us hopo) the bravest or the most polite. Of a sad-' don,' era yet the grave silenco.of tho.' funeral' was broken, she riiado a lcap at the RosidcntJ! with pointed finger, shrieked a few words and; fell' hack again with laughter, not a' natural mirth. "What did slio say to you !" I asked. " She did not speak to me," said Donat, a shade j perturbed,. " she spoko. to tho ghost of ,thc dead ' man." And the purpart of her speech was this: " See there ! Donat will bo a fine feast for you to-niulit." : " M. Donat called it a jest," I wrote at the time in my diary. ' "It seemed to ma more ia tho nature/of a terrified conjuration, 03 though she' would divert the ghost's' attention from hersolf. ' A cnnnibnl raoo may well have can nibal t phantoms." The guesses of tho tra veller appear foredoomed to be erroneous ; yet in theso'I was precisely right. Tho woman had stood by 'in terror at tho funoral, being then in a dread spot— the graveyard. . She looked on iri torror to tho coming night, wjth that ogre,! a j new spirit, loosed upon'tho islo, and tho words she had cried In ' Donat's faco were indeed a terrified conjuration, basely .to' shield herself,' basoly to 'dedicate another in her stead. One' thing is to be said in hor excuse. Doubtless sho partly > chose Donat because he was a man' of great good' nature, but partly, too, becauso lie: 'was a man 6f tlio half caste, for I believe all natives regard the' white blood as a'kind'ofj tnlisirian against the ' powers of halL' In W other way can they : explain the unpunished' recklessness of-Europeans. ; With my superstitious friends, the islanders," I fear I am'not wholly frank, often leading the way with Btofies of my own, and being always a' grave and Bometimes an oxoitcil hearer. But tho deceit is'scaroo mortal, since I am as pleased; to hear as he to toll, as pleased with tho story aa' he was withtho belief :; and hicsides, it is entirely) needful. For it is soarco possible to oxaggerat'o the extent and empire of his superstitions ; they ! mould' his" life, they color his thinking; and when he does not speak to mo of ghosts and gods arid devils, lie is playing the dissembler and talk- ' ing. only with his lips. With thoughts so dif ferent, one must-lndrilge tho other ; aud I would rather that I should indulge his superstition than he my incredulity. Of ono thing, besides, I may ha sure— Let mo indulge it as I please, I shall not' hoax tho wholo, for he ia already on his guard with me, and the "amount of the lore is bound- leas.- : " " ' .' I- will give but a few Instances at raadom,' ohiefly from my'own doorstep in Upolu, daring tho past month (October, 1890). One of my workmen was sent tho other day to tho banaua patoh, tliero to dig; this is a- hollow of the mountain, buried in woods, out of all sight and cry of mankind; and long before dusk Lafaela waB back again beside the eook houso with em barrassed looks; he dared not longer stay alone, ho was afraid of " spilits in the bush." It seems theso aro tho souls of tho unburied dead, haunting whore thoy fell, and wearing woodland shapes of pig, or bird, or insect ; tho ' bush is full of them, theysoom to cat nothing, ! slay solitary wanderers apparently in spito, and at times, in human form, go down into tho villages nnd consort with tho inhabitants un detected. So much I learned a day or so after, walking in tho bush with a vory intelligent youth, a native. It was a littlo before noon ; a groy day and squally, and perhaps I bad spoken lightly. A dark squall burst on tho sido of tha mountain ; tho woods shook and cried ; the dead leaves roso from tho ground iu clouds, lika butterflies ; and my companion came suddenly to a full stop. He was afiaid, he said, of tha trees falling ; but as soon as I had changed tha subject of our talk ho proceeded with alaority. A day or two boforo a messenger came up tha mountain from Apia with a letter ; I wot ia tha) bush, ho must await my return, then wait till-1 - . Iliad answered; and before I was done hia voice sounded quito shrill with terror of tho coming night and tho long forest road. These ; aro tho commons. Tako tho ohiefs. There haal beon a great coming and going of signs and omons in our group. Ono river ran down blood; 1 red cols were captured in anothor ; an unknown 1 fish was thrown upon tho const, nn ominoba word found written on its scales. So far wo! might bo reading in a monkish obroniclo ; now., wc eomo on a fresh note, at once modern aild! Polynesian. The gods of Upolu and Savoii, oue two chiof islands, contended recently at cricket. ' Sinoo thon thoy are at war. Sounds .of battlo aro heard to roll, along tho coast. -A: woman saw a man swim frqm tlio high seas and plunge-. direct into tho busl). Ho w03 no man of .that neighborhood, and it was known he was one of the gods speeding to a council. Most per spicuous of all, a missionary on Savaii, who ib also a medical man, was disturbed late in the night by knocking. It was no hour for the dispensary, but at length ho woke his ser- vant and sent him to inquire. The servant, ' looking from a window, behold crowds of ; persons, all with grievous wounds, lopped \ liinbs and broken hoads, and bleeding bullet holes ; but when the door was opened all bad disappeared. They were gods from tho field of : battle. How these reports have certainly signi- r ficanco ; it is not hard to traco them to political ' grumblers, or to read in them a threat of coming trouble; from that merely human side, I find them ominous myself. But it was the spiritual side of itieir,significance that was discussed in " Bceret council by my rulers. I shall best depict this miugled habit of the Polynesian mind by two connected instances. I oncelivedina village, ' the name of whioh I do not mean to telL The chief and his sister were persons perfeotly in- ' telIigenfc';'gciitl6folk, apt of speech. The Hister was very religious, a great churchgoer, one that used 'to reprove me if I stayed away. I found afterwards that she privately worshipped a' shark. The chief himself was somewhat of a " freethinker ; at the least, a latitudinarian. Ho was a man besides filled with European know ledge and accomplishments ; of an impassive, " ironical habit; and I should as soon have ox- pected superstition in . Mr. Herbert Spencer. Hear tlie sequel! I had discovered by unmis- " takablc. signs that they buried too shallow in the village graveyard, and I took my friend, as ' the responsible authority, to task. "There is something wrong about your graveyard," said .1, " which you must attend to or it may have '-very bad results!" ' " Something wrong? "What . is it?" lie asked, with an emotion that aur- prised me. " If you oaro to go along there any ' evening about 9 o'clock you can see for yourself," said I. He stepped backward. "A ghost !" ho cried. In short, in the whole field of the South Seas, 1 thero is hot'one to blame another. Half blood ; and whole, pious and' debauched, intelligent " and dull, all men believe in ghoBts, all men " "combine with tboir recent Christianity fear, and a lingering faith in the old island deities. So, in Europe, tho gods of Olympus slowly ' . dwindled into village bogies ; bo to-day, the theo- logical Highlandor sneaks from under the eye of " '. the Free Cliuroli divine to lay an offering by a " sacred well. .'.'I try. to deal with the whole matter here bo- cause of a partioular quality in Faumotuan super- ' 'atitions.. It is true I heard them told by a man ' 'with a genius for snoh narrations. Close about ' .' our evening lamp, within the sound of tho inland . '.surf, we hung on his words, thrilling. Tho . reader, in far other scenes, must listen oloaefor the faint echo. This bundle of weird stories sprang from the : burial and the woman's selfish conjuration. I was dissatisfied with what I heard, harped upon questions, and struokatlost this vein of metal. It is from sundown to about 4- iu the morning \- that the kinsfolk camp upon the grove; and . these are the hours of the spirit's wanderings. At .any time of the night— it may be earlier, it may be later— a sound is to bo heard . below,: which is the noise of his liberation; . at 4 sharp another, and a louder, marks the instant of the re-imprisonment. Botweon ; whiles, he goes his malignant rounds. "Did you ever see an evil spirit," was once ; asked of a Faumotuan. "Onoc." "Undor ._ what form ?" - " It was in tho form of a orane." . "And how did you know that crono to bo a -spirit?" was asked. "I will tell you," he \- answered; -nnd this was the purport of his inconclusive narrative. His father had been . dead nearly a fortnight ; others had wearied of . . the watoh ; and as the sun was sotting ho found j . himself by tho grove alone. It was not yot : dark, rather tho hour of tho afterglow, when t . he , was aware of a snow white crnuc upon the coral) mound; presently more cranes oame, somo : white, some blaok; then tho cranes vanished, .;and:ho saw in thoir place a white cat, to whioh there was silently joined a great company of (.-cats;of every hue conceivable; then those also . disappeared, and ho was left astonished. ThiB was an anodyne appearance. Take , Instead the experience of Ruo-a-Maritorangi on , the Isle of Katiu. Ho had a need for somo r pandanus, and crossed tho islo to the sea beaoh, L wherpit ohiefly flourishes. The day was still, . and Rua was surprised to hear a crashing sound \- among tho thiokots, and then tho fall of a con- ' siderablo tree. Hero must he some ono building a oanoo ; and ho ontored tho margin of the wood to find nnd pass tho timo of day with this . ohanoe neighbor. Tho crashing Bounded more ; at hand, nnd then he was aware of something ; drawing swiftly near among tho troe tops. It t swang by its heels downward, like an ape, so that its hands wero freo for murder; it depouded .- safely by tlie slightest twigs ; the speed of its : coming was incredible; nnd soon Run recog- ..nised it for n corpse, horriblo with age, its . bowels hanging as it oamo. Fraycr was the weapon of Christian in tho Valley of the .' Shadow; and it is to prayor that Rua-a-Mari- i torangi attributes bis osoape. No merely human expedition had availed. . This demon was plainly from tho grovo ; yet ( you will observe he wsb abroad by day. And . inconsistent as it may seem with tlie hours of ' tho night watch and tho mnny references to : tho rising of tho morning star, it is no singular \- exception ; I could never find a caso of another > who bad seen this ghost, diurnal and arboreal in ' its habits, but others have hoard tho t fall- of tho trco, which scemB the signal of his ' coming. Mr. Donat was onco pearling on the .' uninhabited ialo of Haroiki. It was a day : without a broath of wind, sucli as alternato .- in the archipelago with days of contumelious : breezes. Tho divers wero in tho midst of r the lagoon upon their employment ; tho cook, ' a boy of ton, wits ovor his pots in tho camp. ' Thus were all souls accountod for except a \- einglo native who aceompanied Donat into 'tho woode in quest of sea fowls' eggs. In a r moment, out of tho -Btilinoss, came tho sound of -' the fall of a great tree. Donat would have . — passedbn to find tbo cause. "No,"' cried his '' - companion, " that wsb no troe. It was some- thing not right. Let us go back tooamp." Next Sunday the divers wore turned on, all that part of the islo was thoroughly oxamined, and sure enough no tree hnd fallen. A littlo later Mr. Donat saw ono of his divers fleo from a similar sound, in similar unaffected panic, on the samo isle. But neither would explain, and it was not till afterward, when he mot with Rua, that he learned the occasion of their terrors. But whether by day or night, tho purpose of tho dead in theso attained aotivities is Btill tho same. In Samoa, my informant had no idea of the food of the bush spirits : no such ambiguity would exist in the mind of a Paumotuan. In that hungry archipelago, living and dead must alike toil for nutriment, and the race having been cannibal in the past, the spirits are so still. Where the living ate the dead, horrified noc- turnal imagination drew the shocking in- ference that the dead might eat the living. Doubtless they slay men, doubtless even mutilate them, in mere malice. Marquesan spirits sometimes tear out the eyes of travellers ; but even that may be more practical than appears, for the eye is a cannibal dainty. And certainly the root idea of the dead, at least in the far eastern islands, is to prowl for food. It was as a dainty morsel for a meal that the woman denounced Donat at the funeral. Nor is it only the dead who eat the living ; there are spirits besides who prey in particular on the souls of the newly dead. The point is olearly made in a Tahitian story. A ohild fell siok, grew swiftly worse, and at last showed signs of death. Tho mother hastened to the house of a sorcerer who lived hard by. "You aro yot in time," said he ; "a spirit has just run past my door carrying the soul of your ohild wrapped in tho leaf of a purao ; but I hays a spirit stronger and swifter who will run him down oro ho has time to cat it." Wrapped, you see, in a leaf, liko other things edible and cor ruptible. . . Or take an experience of Mr. Donat's on the island of Ansa. It was a night of a high wind, with violent squalls; his child was very siok, and tho father, though, ho had gone to bed, lay wakeful, hearkening to the gale. All at onoe a fowl was violently dashed on tho - house . walL Supposing he had forgot to put it in shelter with tho rest, Donat arose, found .the bird (a cock) lying on tho verandah, and put it in the henhouse, the door of whioh he securely fas tened. . Fifteen minutes later tho business was repeated, only this time, as. it was being dashed against the wall, tho bird crew. Again Donat replaced it, examining tho henhouse thoroughly, aud finding it quite perfcot ; as . he was so ongagod the wind puffed out his light, and he must grope baok to the door, a good deal shaken. Yet a third time the bird was dashed upon the wall, a third time Donat set it, now near dead, besides its mates, and he was scarce returned before there camo a rush, like that of a furious strong man, against the door, and a whistle as loud as that of a railway engine rang about the house. The . sceptical reader may hero detect tho finger of tho tempest, but the women gave up all for lost, and clustered on tho beds lamonting. .'Nothing followed, and I must suppose tho gale somewhat abated, for presently after a chief oame visit ing. He was n bold man to bo abroad so late, but doubtless oarried a bright lantern. And ho wna certainly a man of oounsol, for as soon as ho heard the details of those disturbances ho was in a position to explain their nature. "Your child," said he, "must ocrtainly die. This is the evil spirit of an island who lies in wait to eat the spirits of the newly dead 1" And then he went on to expatiato on tho strangeness of the spirit's conduot. Ho was not usually, he explained, so open of assault, but sat silent on tho housetop waiting, in tho guise of a bird. Within the people tended the dying and bewailed the dead, and had no thought of peril ; but when day oame and the doors were opened and men began to go abroad, blood stains on tho wall betrayed the tragedy. This is tho quality I admire in Faumotuan legend. I have heard of a Tahitian vesture for tho spirit enter, with how muoh more of pomp, with how much less of horror. It has been seon by all sorts nnd conditions, native and foreign ; only the last insist that it is a meteor. My authority was.not so sure. He was riding with hia wife about 2 in tho morning, both woro near asleep and the horses wero not muoh better. It was a brilliant and still night, and tho road wound over a mountain near by a deserted inarao(old Tahitian temple). AU nt once the appenranco passed above thom. A form of light, tlie head round and greoniBb, the body long, rod, and witli a focus of yot redder bril liancy about tho midst ; a buzzing hoot accom panied its passago ; it flew direct out of one marae and direct for another down the moun tain side. And this, as my informant argued, is suggcativc. For why should a more meteor frequent the altars of abominable gods? Tiio horses, I should say, were equally dismayed with their riders. Now I am not dismayed at all, not even agreeably. Give mc rather the bird upon the housetop and the warning blood gouts on the wall. But tho dead are not exclusive in thoir diet. They carry with them to the grave, in partiou lar, the Polynesian toste for fish, and enter at times with the living into a partnership in fishery. Rua-a-Mariterangi is again my autho rity ; I feol it diminishes the credit of the fact, but how it buildB up tlie imago of this invotcrato ghost seer ! He belongs to the miserably poor island of Tnengn, yet his fathor's houso was always well supplied. As Rua grow up ho was called at last to go a-fishing with this fortunate parent. They rowed into the lagoon at dusk, to an unlikely place, and the boy lay down in tho stern, and the father began vainly to cost his lino over thobows. It is to ho supposed that Run slept ; and when ho awoke thore was tho figuro of another beside hiB father, and his fatherwos pull ing in tho fish hind over hand. " Who is that man, father?" Run askod. "It is none of your business," said tho father ; and Rua supposed the stranger had swum off to thom from shore. Night after night they fared into the lagoou, often to the most unlikely plaocs ; night after night the stranger would suddenly be seen on board, and as suddouly be missed ; and morn ing after morning tho canoe returned laden with fish. "My father ia a very luoky man," thought Run. At last, ono fine day, thero came first one boat party and then another, who must bo cntortaiued ; father and son put off later than usual into the lagoon; and beforo tho canoe was loaded it was 4 o'clock, and the morning Btar was close on the horizon. Thon the stronger showed symptoms of distress, turned about, showing for the first time his face, which was that of one long dead, with shining eyas, stared into the east, set tho tips of his fingors to his mouth liko one a-cold, uttered a strange, shuddering sound between a whistle and a moan— a thiug to freeze tho blood ; and, the day star just ris ing: from the sea, ho suddenly was not. Then Rua was aware of why his father prospered, why his fishes rotted early in tho day, and why some wore always carried to the comotery nnd laid upon tho graves. My informant is a man not cortainly avorso to superstition, but he keeps hia head, and takes a certain superior interest, whioh I may bo allowed to call scien tific. Tho last point reminding him of somo parallol praotice in Tahiti, ho askod Rua if tho fish were left, or carried home again after a formal dedication. It appears old Mariterangi praotised both methods; somotimes treating bis shadowy partner to a mere oblation, some times honestly leaving his fish to rot upon tho grave. 