LADY CIIE1WYN WD'iS SPECTRE, OBAPTER XLIX. AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. 'Ah, bah! Do you think to cheat me atill? I know you, Gilbert Monk. I know that Bernice is alive. Where is she I say?' Monk's courage rose equal to the occasion. He had only a woman to.. dealbwith,and that woman his os n sister Hd feared not to place himself in her power, since she was in his. He replied in an easy tone ,'Lady Ohetwynd is now in London. 'A lookof relief passed over Miss Monk s face. '1 had fancied her in this house,' shesaid. 'In that case the detective would surely find her. Where is she ii London?'. Old Rages pricked up her ears. .. decline to tell you,' said Monk coolly. ' 'She is safe, and I intend that she shall remain safe.' The Hindoo woman clenched her dusky, hands, while over her withered face flushed a look of hatred that boded ill for the absent young march. ioness. 'I suppose yen rescued Bernice from her tomb sixteen months ago, Gilbertl said Miss Monk slowly. 'Yes,' he assent- . He thesi recounted all that had transpired since that time and added 'She has been under my protection since.' 'Where have you kept her?' 'That is my secret.' .Miss Monk's eyes gleamed danger ously from beneath their heavy droop ing lids. 'What was your objectin rescuing heft' she asked. 'That is my secret also,' smiled Monk. It shball be mine. also, if I tear it from your heart,' cried Sylvia.-, :You intend to enrich yourself at my expense. You intend to wait till my marriage day, and then proclaim to Chetwynd that Bernice lives, and claim a muni ficent reward. ,You mistake my designs entirely. I had no such intention as this yen attribute to me. If I can prevent It, Chetwynd shall never know that Ber lice lives.' S'You intend to keep her alive as a seourge to me, theno You mean to compel me to support you through my terror of her? 'Not exactly; and yet I expect you to pay me a handsome annuity when you become Lady Chetwynd. ' . will pay you more when she is dead . 'But I intend that she shall live. The truth is 1Sylvia,' and Monk's swart face flushed, '1 love Bernice. You have seen into what a superb beauty she has develcped. I have had a French .,governess for her during a whole year, and the girl has developed into a rai diant young marqois,-sith mannersthae would have diatinguished a duchess of the Faubourg 8t, Germain. She is elegant as lovely- as pure as sweet,as honeet and truthful, as gracefpl and intelligent. She is radiant as a tar,' \- 'I believe yo--ou are-in love with her' r The idea of your being in lovel should 46 soon have expected tbO very heavens to fall. The girl is changed. I. ca hardly believe she is the island gir of S' Klildr whoi, Ohetwynd brougltho,rno to my dia comfiture. But~oar love for her is likely to ruin m' 'Whyso? Youc n marry Ohetwynd and go abroad, s you intended. I shall marry Berrai-rdhe thinks sheao free from her muer age bond I.y reaiod, of herpretended d th and ,urial. And I shall swear heto secrecy concer ning her past lilt.' Sheis a very Purilsa and regards hereord as othe, people do their oaths-- asacred. When she is actually mIne,a?td you are likely to return to inglaed, I shall take my bride to some foren;n country and there spend my days, I atn not fond of Eng land,and Ishooldliketo live in Austria. Neither Bernice nor I cats for rociety. Give me a goodino'me, an estate near Vienna, horses, servasts, and a few friends, and i car4 for nothing,' Miss Monk regarded her brother narrowly and tear hingly. She saw that he was speaking the truth, but yet she wre noteadisfied. 'You had no such designs, as these, Gilbert,' she said, 'sixteen months ago. You did not rescue her from the tomb because you louvdbher. All this love andthought oflife with her in a foreign land is of later date. Why then did you rescue her from deathl Why did you seclude her tnd educate her? You must tellme why?' 'I have no objee aon to so doing,'said Monk easily. 'I'o. truth will do no harm. I had discovered through my. connection with ecotaby and Newman the history of Lacy Ohetwynd. You remember that there was a mystery about her birth. She was abandoued by her father, awealthy gentleman, who took her to St Kilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island it, the care of minister G.,valan and his wife,who brought up the waif as their own child. The father never came for her. Now I happened to dilsov r who she is, and the knowledge in spired me to act as I have done. My first idea was to keep Bernice safely until after your marriage, and then restore her to her friends and claim the princely reward that had been otle; :d for her recovery for such a rc wad has been offered; buI that idea was crude / and poor. I could scarcely has\ caroed it into execution without imperilling your postion as Ohetw)nd'a wife; but now I see my way clearly: Pou and 1 can pursue our wray and never clash. I'll keep my wife in Austria, and you have but to keep Ohetwynd away from Austria. Miss Monk's brows were knitted. her swarthy face colourless and gray, her manr.ev troubled and annoyed. 'You -?ii6 who `Bernice is!' she ejaculated. 'Y~uhave known all this while? I never gave you credit for such depth, Gilbert. Wao is Bernice?' 'That I cannot tell you. I reserve a few of my secrets for my own especial profit.' 'Is she an heiress' inquired Miss Monk frowning. 'It is highly probable. I am not one to bestir myself for a pauper.' 'Why did her father abandon ,her? 'You will be happier not to know too much about Ber ice, Sylvia. She is an heiress-I'll acknowledge that much. She is of gentle birth and fine old family. She has friends who will make me rich when I give her up to them. But when they see her she will be my wife, and sworn to secrely concerning her ires marriage, and asl the eventssprigingm from it. You can trust me, Sylvia, I shall not injure your prospects in any way, and Chec - wynd shall never know that Bernice escaped from her tomb.' Miss Monk, instead of being calmed by this assurance scowled darkly and angrily. 'Gilbert' she said let the girl die. I will pay you better thou her friends can,. I will settle upon you an annuity that is a fortune itself- ' 'Provided Chetwynd consents: You may not have such unlimited command of money, my dear. You must re member that you are a penniless bride By the by, how about your marriage settlement.' 'They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Ohetwynd treats me most magnificently. My yearly income will be something grand, but then Ohetwynd can afford it. He's rich to embarrassment, you know.' 'Yes I know,' said Monk, arising lazily from his chair, and walking to and fro; 'but with your tastes and this great establishment. and the house in town, and the villa at Menton,you can manage to relieve the'riches of their embarrassment. Illong to be rich also. .1 shall be when I marry. Let us be friends now,Sylvia. You know my secrets and I know yours. We can agree, you find. Our interests do not clash.' Miss Monk experienced a severe in. ward struggle. She was full of hatred and wrath. She longed to pour out her rage on Gilbert's head, but a sense of caution restrained her.' 'Yosareoright,' abshe said at last, in a cholied voice, 'I am glad to fond that you have not be fighting against me. It is well to clear the mnatter up,and know orecisely where we stand in our ;eliitioi towards each other. Be o friend to me, Gilbert. I stand in the world, alemale Ishmael, I will reward youn of your fidelity. to me,' P1opjc was prpri'sed at the pau?glp humility of his sitter's tone. He re gardedher clesely,and then held out his hand to in her token of amity.' 'You can depond on me,' he said. 'We will both festher our nests hand. somely. And now, Sylvia, I must go [ fancy I hear steps on the floor above. The confounded detective may be prow ling above. I meul to keep my eye on him henceforth. If he's spying, I say as well get to toy own room.' Again he approached the door. Old Ragee look at her mistress eignificantly. eu as Monk nodded. The tindoo has tened to open the door. Without a look at her Gilbert Monk strode out. into the hall, and the door closed be hind him. Ragee shot home thebolt in the 'ock, listened to his departing steps, and faced her mistress. 'What is to be done!' questioned the Ilindoo, in a whisper. 'Is it an alliance missyl' !No-a war to the death!' said Miss Monk, in herfierce sibilant voice. 'I am notsafe while Bernice lives. She will never consent to marry Gilbert. She adores Roy Ohetwynd. She has plans of her own. She plays the ghost here to frighten me. She means to reveal herself in time to Chetwynd. Sheis duping Gilbert. She means tc be revenged on me. I tell you I'm standing upon a sleeping volcano. I am not safe. 'Ihe girl must die.' 'Aye. she must die.' 'When the detective leaves, Gilbert wil, go to London to see Bernice. Did he not say that she was in Londonl You must follow him, you must track him to her. Find her and let hers not escape the third time! and Miss Mlonk's eyes flamed with her m:trderoos meaning. Be as secret as death, as cruel as the grave. Remember, it is my safety you are fighting for.' The Hindoo nodded assent with an evil smile. Meanwhile Gilbert Monk had moved stetlIhily towards his own room. Again he heard steps on the upper floor A conviction that the detective was indeed prowling aoaut the house deter tined him to investigate, He crept eliOig the hall to the stairway, and bea n to ascend. '1'll fee what the fellow is about,' he omut ered. '?erhaps he's been search iag the att:ce.' He continued his recent cautiously. At the head of the landing he came face to face with Lord Ohetwyud. Mr Tempest, and Bisset, on their rete n itom their explorations. One glance at their faces and a burden on Bisset's a.,a old Monk that they had made an important discovery. CHAPTER L. UNDER LOCKAND KEY.r- . The lodgings int iele.ateet tenanted by irs Growl and the man Flack were f:,r trom being luxurious. Mrs Crowl had two rooms upon an upper floor, poorly furnished, dingy andcomfortless The house was kept by a friend of Mrs Growl. The latter personage had spent many months of her life in these very rooms, and had returned to them while waiting and searching for Bernice, because this was nearest semblance to s home which the woman could com mand. The walls were damp, the furniture old and worn, the ceiling smoked and stained, and yet the small parlour struggled to maintain an air of shabby gentility amusing to witness. Flack lodged in a garret overhead and procured his meals at an adjacent coffee house. Mrs Crowl cooked her own meals inithe lodging house kitchen and made her coflee and tea at a small grate. It was to this place that Flack brought Bernice. It will be remembered that theyoung marchioness had followed him willingly. His demeanour towards her had been so respectful, and her own needs had been so great and so pressing, that she had accepted for the night the shelter the fellow had offered her. She had walked all day without food, she was hungry and tired, and cold, though the night was in May,her feet were weary and sore, she had no money, and could find no shelter for the night. Her meeting with her former servant seemed opportune.. She resolved to spend the night with Mrs Growl, and to resume her search on the following day for something to do and somewhere to stay: Flack conducted her to the dingy brick. lodginghouse, and admitted her with his latch-key. He conducoLeas her up the narrow ill lighted fighr. of stairs to the fourth floor, and kaoeked at Mrs Growl's door, Mrs Orowl'a voice bade them enter, Flack pushed open the door and went in young lady Ohetwynd still follow ing. " The humble shably genteel parlour was warmed by a fire, and a tea-kettle was smiging on the hob, A round table was set in the pe.tre of the room. The tab's was spread for a late supperr-ope of Mrs Growl's favoumite wesaknesses. In t!Le entre of the table stood a tall keroseno lamp, with ground glass globe. A pot of tao, a Flats es tpast, po. pf beer, a Welsh rarebit, and' a dish of mutton chops,were arrayed around the lamp: Sra Orawl was in the act of sitting down to her supper.- She looked up at Flack's entrance, no seeisng the slender figure behind bhii, and saifi.... 'I had mane up my mind, Flack that you were not coming to sup with me. You were off [lst night you know.' 'I shouldn't have eoen back now but for an adventure, ma'am,' said Flack I've found somebody. Guess who.' 'Not- not Miss G wyn!' 'Yes Miss Gwyn.' He stepped aside, and Bernice stood revealed. Mrs Crowl sprang up with a gurgling cry of joy. She wasalheavylarge wo man, with a powerful frame, and she rushed upon Bernice and embraced her with a f,,rvour, that rendered the girl nearly breathless. Bernice strove to disengage herself, a strong feeling of repulsion against the woman rising within her. She tried to feel grateful for the warmth of reception, as cbe finally loo:sned herself, pale. and weak, and faint, 'Sic down here,' said Mrs Crowl pushing forward an easy chair. 'You look tired, Miss Gwy,,' 'Take off her hat, and givee her a cup of tea,' said Flack. "She's hungry don't you see, and tired out!' 'Mrs Crowl bastilyremoved Bernice's hat, and brought her a cup of hot, strong tea. The girl took it eagerly and sipped itfeel:ng a pleasant warmth begin to diffuse itself throughout h,r system. Mr Flack brought her als1 buttered coast, and little wassaid until young Lady Chetwynd had eaten, and a dash of colour had come to her cheeks and the old brave light to her brown eyes. 'There, you look better now,' Daid Mrs Crowl, setting down the empty cup. 'Won't you have bit of Welsh rarebit or a chip now!' 'Taauk you, no.' replied Bernice, 'I want nothing more. Eat your supper Mrs Crowl. I am comfortable now.' She put out her hand towards the blaze of the fire. Mrs Crowl saw how thin the bands were, and how thin also the pale young face. She saw too,under the girl's pallor and weakness the strength of an awakened spirit, of a grand and noble courage, of a brave and spirited nature. Bernice had suffered greatly, since Mrs Growl bad last seen her, but this suffering had been like the fire which tries the gold, and she was to nig't, despite her weakness and pover ty and friendlessness, a brave, strong souled clear headed woman. Mrs Growl sat down at the table, motioning Flack to sit opposite her. 'Where did you find her asked the woman. 'In the street-soated on the steps of a house in Leicester square. She's pretty hard up, as you can see for your self. I'll bet she had nothing to eat for a fortnight. 'Scrasne that you foand. I 'never' expected that we should. 'Looking for a person in London is like looking for a needle in a haypstack. Wont Mr Monk be surprised to hear that she is found! You must-telegraph him in the morning;Fihcc. Tha pair ate their supper, and Flack retired to his garret. Mrs Crowl cleared away the remains of supper, and a bed was improvised upon the dilapidated sofa for her use. The bed in the adjorining room was remade, and Ber nice retired to the room with a candle. Mrs Growl had carefully refrained from asking question of the young lady, exhibiting a delicacy for which Bernice was grateful. Bernice did not lie awake to medi tate upon her adventure or prospects. She dropped asleep almost immediately. And then Mrs Crow! crept into her room and examined her pocket book, discovering the solitary threepence that comprised Bernice's shield against starvation. 'She has no money to escape on again,' muttered the woman. 'It will be a long time before her funds are in creased.' She took up the light and bent over the sleeper a moment, and then with drew.' Mrs Growl was astir early in the morning. Bernice attempted, to rise, but found herself too weak, and tired, and footsore. The woman brought her tea, and toast, and afterwards beef tea, and about noon young Lady Chetwynd appeared in the outer room, with her hair floating over her shoulders and attired in her travelling dress. Flack had gone out in the morning to telegraph to Monk, and had not returned. Bernice experienced a sense of relief at his absence. He had always treated her respectfully, but she did not like him. -The patent of his villainy was in his hang dog face, and in his furtive, sinister eyes, and Bernice Instinhotively feared him, while scarcely reali;ing the fact. Mrs Orowl brought a tempting lun cheon to her guest,and Bernice partook ot it, Whe she had finished; she said gratefully 'Thank you for all your kindness to me, Mrs Growl, and perhaps come day I may repay it. I do not like to en croach' on your hospitality another ni~htl and yet I am hardly able to go ouit today sh searzh o a lodging or a situation as a governess.' 'Indeed yoqu are not able, miss,'cried Mrs growll !Voumustnot think of again leaving me. What can a young and helpless thing like you do in I London!' S'Imust earnmy own support.' I a '?at is all nonsense, Miss Owyn. Don't fly directly into the face pf fora june, 'Yo are tog aredt$7 Wwto .ikt .·.2''~ ... : your livioj And there is one who worshipshe very ground you tread I mean I? Monk. He saved your life, I've :erd you tell him, and surely you ough, in very gratitude,to dedicate that lifeto him.' Young Lady Chetwynd's face flnshed. 'Mrs frowl,' she replied with a sweet digaity that sat well on her proud i young fa:e, I know that your words a are well meant, but I cannot listen to them. Ishall never marry. Mr Monk a deserves a loving wife, and not even a to him can I be that. I left his pro- 1 tection because I could not remain de pendant upon him, and accept his bounties, while I must refuse him the recompense he craved. I cannot rem ain to be dependent upon him. I want to earn my own living, and to repay his generous loans to me, I aall pro bably live many years. I am young and strong, and full of lile. I must earn my own living and lay up a store for my old age.' 'You talk about old age!' cried Mrs Orowl. 'Was there ever anything so absurdi You are but eighteen. in the prime of youth and beauty. These fancies of yours are childish. Per haps Mr Monk may persuade you to regard them in their true light when he coems.' 'When is he cominr herel' 'Sometime within a week. Flack telegraphed him this morning,' 'He must not find me here,' said the girl, in agitation. 'Mrs Crowl you area woman, and can understand a woman's heart. I feel that I am bound to one who is not bound to me. I shall go down to my grave loving one who will soon marry another lady,and loving him with all my soul, I cannot per jure my self by promising to love Gil bert Monk. I do not love Mr Monk save as his sister might. I cannot marry him.' Mrs Crowl laughed coarsely. 'You think so now, I daresay, but you'll change your tune. All ladies talk in that manner, Miss Gwyn. But a lover's pleadings are all that are wanted to soften your will. Think of your loneliness, your poverty. No one will give you a situation as teacher No one will make you even a lady's maid. That pretty face of yours will always go against you, and you are too young, and have no experience any pro feossionand no references. Why,you'll ?e driven to marry Mr Monk for a home, if for no other reason.' 'Never-never!' 'Time will tell. but it is ju t as I have told you, miss-you'll never suc-. ceed in getting a situation. There are to many obstacles in the way. And M Monk loves you, and would make ye happy: He's done a great deal or yon,' said Mrs Crowl determined to ean her promised reward by persuadin Bernice to look upon Monk as her lover and future husband. 'He has denied himself the very luxuries of life for your sake. And look how he has supported you. You've kept up an establishment there in Wales worthy a lady of fortune. hook at your jewellery. It came from Mr Monk. The very clothes you wear are his gift. 'I know it. He has been very good to me.' 'Men do not lavish their money like this within without purpose. Mr Monk loves you bettep than his life, You owe him life itself. Why not give him that which belongs to himl' 'I can hear no more of this, Mrs Crowl' said Lady Ohetwynd, quietly. 'as I told you. I am bound to another, as I feel, and I shall always consider myself already a wife. I see that 1 mustnutremainiuntil Mr Monk arrives. I seem to have done wrong in accepting my support at his hands, and I must not continue- my error. I shall be obliged to leave you to-morrow morn tug. Iou have bean kind to me when I needed kindness, and I cannot forget that. But your own words confirm my resolution to depart before the arrival of Mr Monk.' 'Your scruples come pretty late, Miss Gwyn,'remarked Mrs Orowl,with some thing like a sneer. '1 don't like to see people so punctilious so late in the day. But forgive me,she added remembering that she had better continue to exercise a share of caution. 'You must do as yeou will, Only Ientreat you to wait until Mr Monk comes.' Bernice reiterated her refusal, and the subject was dropped. Mrs Growl was very attentive to her young guest I during the remainder of the day and evening. Lady Ohetwynd retired early, and slept well. The next day she arose early, herself once .omre. She came out to breakfast, and was waited upon wirn due respect by Mrs raowL After the meal, Bernice wont into the bedroom,packed her travelling bag, pod put on her hat. She came out ready for departure. 'You have been very kind to me,Mrs rowl' she said, extending her hand. am strong enough to resume my rch for work. I calnot remain I elonger. ] thank you again and in, and some day I hope to reward r She held out her hand, and Mrs t wl grasped it with a lingering(b Pasure. Bernice moved cowards the dor. Mrs Crowl,who had been stand- P iq before it moved aside with an odd stile. Bernice essayedito open the door. !I was locked " 'What does phis meanl'sbe demanded, Jiceycs lamhin~s. 'It means, miss,'retorted the woman, 1 with an exultant grin, 'that you are a prisoner.' Bernice stood amazed, indignant. 'Open this door.' she commanded,her sweet voice ringing. 'Open it, or 1 will alarm the house.' 'Do, and see what you will get by it. Thelodgers except use,are all men away for the day. The landlady is my friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream- yell-shout. You'll not alarm so much as a fly. You are a prisoner, miss, and you may as well understand thefact,firstas last.' CHAPTER LI. I1SEET STARTLES LCIItD CET TYND t While Gilbert and Sylvia Monk, in t the boudoir cf'the latter had been arrnv ing at some sort of mutual understand I ins in regard to B: raics,Lord Obetwyod fMr Tempest. and Bisset, the detective, r had been pursuing their object of search ing the unused attics of the great d house. g they had gone from room to room n with their candles held high above their e heads,examining every nook and corner \- but found only bare walls and dusty o floors. The young marquis had not n been sufficiently sanguine to hope to find under their own roof, some vestige of the recent visit of Lord Ohetwynd's k 'spectre.' Mr Tempest betrayed keen anxiety, but he, also had no hope of d receiving enlightenment in regard to a the mysterous visitor whose declared re a semblance to Bernice- his unowned d daughter-thrilled him with a desire to 1I see her. Bieset aloneof the three was o cool and thoroughly self possessed. He g led the search, and his keen glances penetrated every niche and nook,and he stoppedto examine footprint in the dust k covering the floors, with a deliberation and patience that annoyed his com panions. 'You'll make nothing of those foot t prints,' said Lord Obetwynd, impati ently; as Bisset took out a foot rule ,t from his pocket and proceeded to mess e ure one track in its lengthand breadth f and to note the measurements in his o private note book. Some servants r may have rambled.through.these rooms, a That is the print of a mans foot is it 11 notl o 'Yes my lord, said Bisset, briefly. 'Such small items as these sometimes le den't come amiss in my profession;and these measurements may be of service to me hereafter. Let me go in advance that I may measure any other tracks I before our own confuse them.' He went on in advance. The first 7e footprint he had measureo was that of d Gilbert Monk. He presently found e another distinctly defined--the foot al prints of the Hindoo woman Ragee. to Ihere was no heel mark to this print. In The shoe had been flat and vide, and or Bisset knew at a glance, with his shrewd, trained facuties, who had worn it. 'd 'I begin to see light,' he thought. re 'Everytbing goes to confirm my theory, n preposterous as that theory seems. k 'Mr Monk is the author of the mans r footprint the Hindoo woman is the e author of this one I have caught glimp of a thirdprint but so confused with d these two that it cannot readily be distinguished. If I could tut come upon a clear impression of the third k foot.' a The wish was soon gratified. He e found distinctly set in the heavy layer of dust the impression of a girl's slender s delicate highly arched foot and now his . face flushed, and a tinge of eagerness came to his manner, 'r We are wasting a great deal of timse 1 here,' said Lord Cbetwyod,with increasing impatience,as he looked at his watch. 'If the young lady has been in these attics e which seeme more improbable to me with t every moment--tse v ould surely have left some indication of her presence other I. than footprints, which prove nothing aome of the servants iny have muade an excursion into these t iused rooms. I consider all those measurements you have taken, Mr Bisset, as perfectly value less. 'We shall see, my lord,' said the imper a turable officer, very coolly. 'Aad in any SeaseI am through with my measurements. e WVe will go on, if you please.' They continued their investigations, and at last, in the very last roJm they visited they csmetogether upon the ladder which Bernice had left leaning against the trap door of the low upper garret, which she t she hbad made her haunt. Duting the secret stay of young Lady 1 Chetwynd in the house, she eao drawn up the ladder after her when in tie upper t garret; and had usually hidden it in an , adjacent closet after bar descents. It wltlbe remembered that she had fled in greathaste uponthe occasion of her last visit to the garret, both Monk and Rages having searched for her for bours in the vicinity. The ladder thes was precisely as she had last used it, Blaset'ts eyes gleamed as he beheld the ladder. Hesprang forward, and climbed up the roands like a cat, and was in the upper garret. a tiomething in his manner infected Chet- I synd and Tempest witblike energy. They came after him up the ladder into the Is was only a low garret, barely six a feet high in the highest part, without I windows-a mere den, and ventilated g through seams sond crevices in the slated t roof, And yet it was seen at the first glance ( to have been the haunt of a:humaa t being. There was a mattreas in a poener, a 5 pi!low, and blankets. A bit of brokenI mirror was afxed to a rough hewn post. There were a few toilet appurtenance that had evidently been breaght up (rou a guest chamber below. 'tome one has beae hare~ said Tempeel, ,,..ocsd l* forfoot - ss ners that reigns here, I should judge, the iomate had bten a lady.' 'She stayed here for weeks at a time, said B set quietly. 'Bee here.' He puinted out in a corner remnants of food, bones of fowle, a box of b~lacits, and orberediblts. The gentleman ex amineu thtm curiesously. 'DI you think MhrlBiaset!that the person who has lived in this room is the same who has performed the part of Lady Chet wyna'a spectre,'inquired Mr Tempest with aaxousl Interedt. li?set replied in the affirmative. "She must be demented,' ss;d the young nmanqute thoughtfully. 'It seems strange inderd, ahot a girl with Bernice's eyes should be be living under my very • roof unknown and uosuspected: Biaset,Icannot think the ,so-called spectre a designing woman, as Mlise Monk suggests. She most bh demented, poor. rount. I'd stake my life upon her purity and nobleness. I have seen the world, and studied human nature, and I know that a corrupt soual could never look out of such puree, sweet eyes as hers' Biaset did not reply. He was dashing his light to and fino high above his head, and darting his inqoi.itive glanc: hither and thither. The gleam of something white-a mere roll or bundle-behind a beam overhead met his eyes. He caught at it, and pulled it down. It unrolled, and its silken length fell upon the flhor. It was the burial robe of Lady Chete wynd. The three gentlemen stared at it for a full minutes in silence. 'Ihat is the robe my wife was baried in,' said Lord Chetwynd; in a strange voice. '1 should know it anywhere. And it is the dress worn by the spectre-look as the sleevel' Biseet lifted into plainer view the small elbow sleeve. with its frills of rare point lace, tart of the lace had been forcibly torn out. The officer produceed the fragment of lace which Lord Cbetwyndibhad;givenhlm, and fitted it to the orignal frill. The fact was apparent at a glance. The frsg ment had been torn from the very frill. Again the three were silent, looking at each other and the gown. Mr Tempest waee the first to speak. 'We have proved conclusively,' he said. 'that the Chetwynd spectre to a living wo man and that she uas lived in the room for days, perhaps weeks. Some one of the household may or may not be in her cen fidence and supply her with food, It is clear also that the woman, for purposes of her own chooses, to pass herself off as a ghost. Now, what is her object?' 'That question will have t wait ifor an answer, sir,' said Bieset. 'rhere are other questions to be considered first. For instance, this eineular halluoination of my lord, that this gown was actually worn by the late Lady Chetwynd in her coffin. De you really mean, my lord that this Is the adentical groen worn by her ladyahip in her tomb. 'It looks the same, said Chetwynd, Of course it cannotbe the same, and yet 1 remember this gown well Lady Chetwynd wore it the evening of arrival home. She looked ne lovely in it that l remarked it particularly, sad in her girlish pleasure she called my attaa I ion to the pattern of the lace and other points.. 'The gown was made by a French milliner,' said Biiset examining the robh critically. 'So was Lady Chetwynd's,' said his lordship. ' can only say that the two gowns are precisely similar, and that the resemblance cannnot be mere accident.' '1le you adhere to your orignal declara tion that this is thesame gownthat Lady Chetwynd wore, my lord?' demanded Bisset. 'The declaration was the result of im pulse,' replied Chetwynd, more calmly. 'Of course the gown is not the same. HIew could it be? But this is like it-very lake.' 'Can you prove, my lord, that in not Lady Chetwyud's gown? asked eiset quietly. 'Can I prove that it is nom?'iterted Lord Chetwynu in tones of surprise. 'Of course not. I spoke wildly in the first fith of my excitemaent,when I declared it the ame gown But that it should be the same is impossible. 'Wsethere no other mark upcl her ladysbip'e gown besides the pattern of lace by which your lordship might identify it? persisted the officer. To be continued, 