LITTLE JACK SHEPPARD. HOW HE ESCAPED VIVE TIMES FROM LIMBO. (pall kat.l gazette.) . The r&iu; was falling with dull pertinacity, and the moist, murky day was slowly draw lug to a close/ wheu -two figures emerged from the steamy gloom. The contrast be tween them was so marked that it did not fail to attract the attention of the passers-by, who tarned round and jeered at the taller of the two. He took it all in good part, however, for he stood 6ft. in his boots, and the friend whose hand he held so affectionately was about as big as a quartet of quart pots one atop of the other. No hidden sarcasm lurks in this conyarison, though the tall man was a policeman. " Come on, young feller, eaid he. " The way is short, and the rain it falls, so let's step it.' "But wheres you a takin' of me?" asked little Quart Pots'. % To the work' us, young feller, for prisgin' pigeons." 4 What'il they do with me, Mister?' said Quart Pots. 44 1 shan't go afore old Bailer, Mister?" " Why, they'll send you to Bedfordsheer without any supper, ' replied the policeman, who was blowing off steam like a copper on vashinsrd&r.; in a iew minutes the travellers arrived at «ome big gates, and, having answered the challenge of the watch, passed into a big bare yard, which lay in deep obscurity. The sentry did not cry 14 Pass on, all's well, for Le was a withered old man with a . withered weak little voice, which was quite incapable of much more than a wheezy door of a barely- a fairfit fitblazea Whaf higift 1 'ood night." Thus the p'leeoeman. And then be inarched off to his own home or back to his work again. little Quart Pots is now a famous charao- ter. His portrait has appeared in more than one journal, and they call him, not Quart Pots, but little Jack Sheppard. And what follows is the truthful history of his five escapes from the workhouse at Hackney. To matters clear, you must koow that a workhouse is divided into various sections. Two of these are all that we need trouble ourselves with. The first department is sacred to the relieving officer. little Jack was put to bed in the dormitory which is used by those who are awaiting a final examina tion ere they become regular inmates of the house. It is a good enough dormitory, with a dozen or 20 neat beds in it, ranged along anV ro It Dns uf. \f itMinArv windows commands a view of the drear Hackney marshes ; the other looks on to the tall workhouse buildings. Jack's bed was on that side. or an hour or two he was the sole inmate of the dormitory. He was only a nipper of nine, remember, with a pleasant, open face, but — well — I don't wish . to be uncomplimentary to Jack, who is a plucky little chap— all that glittered in Jack's face was not gold. So, there he was in the ward, not a bit afraid of ghosts, not he, bat cheerful, and Humming Hi tiddly hi ti " as he took off his ragged jacket and loosed his comforter. And wbeu the door was closed, and the lock turned in the keyhole, Jack stopped hum ming, sat on his bed, put his hinds in his pockets, stretched out his little legs, and began to 44 wink the other eyo " with a voluble whistle. Of course, no one was pre sent at Jack's escape, but you can readily imagine what took place. probably began to think of the old folks at home, and conjured up a picture of tea, and a little game in the streets. It is more than likely that he nerved himself by thinking of Dick Turpin, Claude Duval, and .. ruffians. Then he cast one of those Kent little blue eyes of his up at the ' vw ; then he got on to the bed, and he catch, which be pushed back easily, Spened the window slowly and noise- "m. About 1 ft. below the window- ledge _ £ two or three electric wires, and About 3ft. on the right of the window is a water-pipe. To get down this was the work of a few moments, and Jack, passing along the wires like a Blondin. cbimbered down the -pipe ior about 30ft., and foundbimself in the V.ttle passage -wbiuh led to the relieving officer's department. Down tbe passage be bolted like a srrevhouud. out at the door at the end of the passage, and —veil, he was caught and taken back to his room. They took his clothes away, and fastened the lower portion of the window down. Once0- 5- iughed at locks, bA"moir mVc qui 10 emssjP -«P balf of ancesSIBhe waterspout in his shirt. AgaluWed in the little pissage, and again he fell into the hands of the authorities. Jack was then taken to make his bow to the magistrate as a notorious prison breaker. The magistrate laughed and, chaffing tbe officials, eeat him back to the workhouse. Mr. Mason, the master, laughed, too, when he saw Jack coming back again. " Ho < ho 1" laughed he, " If the police won't keep you, I must. You shall he put in a little cell of your own this time."' Imagine a long pas sage, lined on each side with cells, in which the casuals do their task of stone-breaking or oakum-picking. In cne of these Jack was locked np. Mr. Mason thought he wa9 eafely housed ; the labour-master agreed with htm, and Jack was left to his own devices. 'In the corner of the cell behind the bed is a stout steam-pipo, which runs to the top of the lofty celL Unfortunately the narrow window np aloft was too mnch for little Jack. He had promised to be a good boy and give no more tronble, but the sight of the window overcame his scruples. " Heigh ho. This is stupid work sitting on this bed all day. Here goes for liberty:" The deep shadows of an autumn afternoon filled the cell, and Jack, throwing the rug from his bed over his shirt— for, lice poor King Robert , he lay abed breeehless— Jack sealed the pipe, and wormed his little body through the window. Once through, he dropped a few feet on to the roofs of the stone- breaking sheds, and sliding down dropped again on to firm ground. "With half an eye, and almost invisible in the evening mists, Jack saw that his best chanee -was to take to the wall which ran away -towards the gate. In the passage stood a jre.-it pile of old bricks, up which he climbed, passing on to the wall, and following it until he came to the road. Jn a minute Jack was scudding for life across the marshes, a queer figure with his shirt- tails and his pauper rng bellying in . - the wind. Suddenly he tears a view- \- halloo, and tries to baffle pursuit by taking to the water. He coald ewiin like a fish— his precociousness. Alas ' Jack is once more nabbed, and taken back to his cell, a colder though not a better hoy ; for twice more did he get the better of his gaolers. This time they put two bars across the cell window, which baffled" even Jack. A little later on, if the gaoler had happened to look through the little glass window which commands a view of the interesting interior, he would have seen Jack busy with some thing under his bel. This was one of the iron laths which support the bea ming- Jack used the end of " this instrument to pick the lock, and in a minute he was once more flying, this time down the call-lined passage. Once more he was de feated ana taken back. Then a holt was put on the door, so door and window were both too much for him. His bed was taken away too, and only the bedding was left on the floor. One morning he" called the labour- master in and pointed to a pail of water which he had spilt. The labour-master called another man in with a swab. They stood in the cell whilBt Jack mopped up the water. He went on hie knees, and, mopping away, gradaally edged his way, officiously mopping, to 'the door, which was what. Mrs. Cluppins called "on the jar." " And then it seemed as if someone had flashed a lantern across my face,"- said the labour master ; " and the aoor hanged to, and— well — am I red. in the face — tee tiro mat tccre locked in ' Jack bolted, took the wrong taming, and embraced an official, who once more returned him to his unfortunate gaolers. Jack is now at Feltham Industrial School, io' which he has awarded a certificate of " merit. He approves of Feltham, and if \- Feltham agrees with him he will honour it : -with his presence nntil he is fourteen. If Feltham misbehaves itself, why, Jack will .- - take off his hat to Feltham and— misde. We trust that no one will thinlc ot sympa thising with Jack in his misfortune, for he is undoubtedly a bad boy, who richly deserves a sound birching once a week for six months. He defied his mother, which is not good. . He stole pigeons, which is indifferent be- : havionr. Then he cutoff their litis to toe if they could fy. A Sin Francisco telegram says that a new -lake has been discovered in Hawaii, the water "" of which is more aalt than that of the Dead £ea. 