V FOOTBALL. (BY FOLLOW.BR.) On Monday, -May 25, a team of Boys repre senting the Terowie Junior Football Club went to Petersburg, played the juniors of that town, and succeeded in making the game a draw, and as a great deal of interest was taken in the pro ceedings then it was not surprising to find a large concourse of spectators on the Football ground, at Terowie on Wednesday last, when the. return game was played. The Petersburg boys in charge of Mr. Wilson, the popular skip per of. the local team in that town,arrived at Ter owie by the 2.30 train, and at once gob on to the ground, where most of their opponents were in dulging in practice. The visitors won the toss, but conceded the home team the right to kick with the wind. Just when the umpire was ready to start the game, the visitors objected to the age or size of several of the local players, and after some wrangling. Woodgate, who was in charge of the local lads, gave way, which I hardly tkink he was justibed in doing, as the visitors had a few big lumps of fellows who were certainly much taller and older looking than at least two of whom they objected to. Of course it was not expected that any good football would be shown, but the game was a most interesting one throughout. In the first and second quarter the visitors were the only ones to score, and in both cases these were only minors, so that at half time the score was Petersburg, 2 behinds, Terowie, nil. In the the third quarter Terowie secured their only point, whilst in the east Petersburg scored a goal and a behind, making the totals at the finish Petersburg, 1 goal 3 behinds, ' Terowie 1 behind. Both teams worked with a full determination of winning, keeping their places in a manner which would have done credit to a senior team beside playing little marks and running with the ball whenever opportunity occurred, I was unabl to get the names of the Petersburg boys, who were constantly on the job, but; there is no doubt jbut that young Tom McGilliek was the most useful on the field. He was well sup ported by Curly Guilfoyle,Tom Soott- and Win chester. Several big colts were tried, but were not of much service, prominent among them being Barton's " Swift" who had a propensity to bolt without the ball; Pengelley s " Come Back," who was suffering from nervousness, Dasselfs " Uinslopoghass," who had nob been sufficiently trained, and Mrs. Alien s _Rat, a much smaller colfc% who was fond of going ior the ball with his eyes shut. Mr. 0. P. Gillespie fulfilled the onerous duties of field umpire iu a highly satisfactory manner, whilst the generous Charley Barton provided oranges at the interval for the youthful players. I noticed the following wei'e out qualifying at the southern end of the ground : ^ The " Masher," Abbot's " surefoot, MoMichaels " Little Willie," Cullen's "Lightning, and Bleechmore's pair "Willy and Teddy. Queensland shearers have run out of strike money, and returning to work. Coiu'o and other euvelopes in large quantities only supplied at the Enterprise office. When are flannel and mahogany like each other ?-When they as e made into drawers. When ought a parson to get, on swimmingly? , Why, when he's.dut into a see, of course. Why is a pig with a twisted tail like the ghost iu Hamlet ?-Because it can a tail (tale) unfold. A sound discretion is not so much indicated l>y never making a mistake as by never repeating it. If a tough beefsteak could speak, what English poet would it name - Chaucer (chaw, sir). Why are bankrnps more to be pitied than idiots ?-Because bankrupts are broken, while idiots are only i-.raeUed. A Phonogragh suggestion-Mr. Middleton, get at once a suitable prayer by some worthy divine at honie, and churn it out at the opening. Novelty, now-a-day, Sir! j The whistle of a locomotive can be heard 3,300 yardsi; the noise of a railway train 2,S00yards ; the report of a musket and the bark of a dog 1 SOO yards. The human voice reaches a dis tance o£ 1,000 yards ; the sound of a cannoD at the battle of Waterloo was heard at Dover on the English Channel ISO miles. The fame of Fauldino's Cough. Elixir, Eucalyptus Oil, and Extract°of Eucalyptus is heard all over the colony. Modern warfare has developed to such a per fect state, that nearly every weapon it uses is death-dealing. Hence the awful record of mortality that marks each engagement. So modern science has perfected certain remedial a cents, that infallibly cure or relieve. Hence the number of afflicted persons who by then use renew their health. The difference is that one destroys, the other creates, the mitrail leuse is destructive ; Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schapps is restorative. 