The Ghost. About the year 1850 I was on one of our, English India ships bound from. Bostoi-to Calcutta:: :We arrived off the Cape of Good Hope with `fair weather to that point, but every one was on the lookout now'for a blow from some quarte'. : The pervioius- eicning one of the lookouts during the midwatch had insisted he had seen the .Flying Dutchman., and every one knows that when that is the case a blow or bad weather in some shape is sure to come. ,And come it did with a vengeancefor'the *:ery next night the ;wind died:down to a cal;in; thenisudderily liumped outLfromi the nor'west butt-end first. = Sixbof the oId tars went tumblingunpthe weather main rigging, and were urged on by the gruff voice of the second mate;, qthotoiigh old" seidog, wiho sang out, "Come, bear a hand there, you lubbers, and get on deck again I" And on deck they were againsooner than he or the men expected ; for just as they showed their heads over the ."top ".a deep ie ~ii?plral voice- called, out,--"Blows-- hard, Jack 1" They were staggered,:and for aun.n stant hesitated, 'whhn again the fearful voice. repeated; "Blows hard, Jackl" That was enough; their superstitious fears overcame them, and they did not stop till the deck was reached. By this time the Captain and mate were on deck, and were astonished. to see six of the best men on the ship come tumbling down, while the main-top- gallant sail and royal were slatting in the buntlines as though they would blow away at every flp,. S":Whbat'stheb ma?ter ? Wy 'didn't you furl those sails ?" said.the Captain. S"Matter enouigh,' said an: old salt.E "-Youa don't get me in that main-top to-night. I wouldn't give much for, anyone who goes: up, either, for I nsot only savi the ghost,'or what ever it is, but.heard him talk." , .... This was too miucli for the old skipecr.v The idea of losing all his sails' because there- was -a:gl~ost in tbe mnain-top was too iruch for him, o .he called for volunteifs, and startedfup the rigging, followed by his two mites 6nly. -?bt'another'man wotild go.- Those who had been up had seen and heard enough, and those :who hadn't did not care to risk it. -:Well, th~oldskipperiand his mates fared no better than the men, for hardly had their heads reached over-the "' top .rim ",than, in the same awful, blood-curdling tones, came ,to their ears the words; 'BBloivshird, Jack I" ind :there, right in the.,! dublins" of the mast, the..Captain caught sight of two glar ing eyes, and a long white arm reached down as if to clutch him, and down' they all scam pered to the deck as fast as their legs would take them. About daylight the steward discovered that a pet parrot belonging to the skipper bhad es eaped from his cage, and was gone, probably blown overbbard and lost in the gale. Polly hiad,-however, by hard 'work, managed to alight in the main-top, where she had stowed herself in the " dublins " of the mast, and was holding on for dear life iuntil she was rescued in the morning. SThe main- top.gallant studding-sail was lashed in the weather top-mast rigging, and the clew had blown adrift, and happened to flop downvii ttlih Cplailin as he went over the " top" in the black darkness, and so was easily magnified into' a ghostly arm, and Folly into the frightful ghost. - --. 