Rowing and Sailing Notes. Eliaa Laycock, the well-known oarsman, has been appointed caretaker of the fisheries at Port Hacking1, and has taken up his reeidenoe at tho Natiora-l Park. A sailing race between Beach's Friendship and Joliiffo's Surprise has been arranged to como off on the lake on January 31, for a stako of ¿10 a-sido. It will be optional to raise the sum to ¿25 on the morn ing of the raco. A sculling match in wager boats for ¿50 a-8ide, on Lake Illawarra, is on tho tapis, the contestants being' Tom Ford, a pupil of Beach, and F. Hanson, who has been tutored by Tom Clifford. The men will meet to dav (Saturday) to sign artioles and put up a deposit of ¿20 a-sido. A match has been arranged to como off over the champion course, in April, between M'Lean and Stanbury, for ¿200 a-sido and the championship of the world. Stanbury is at present at Shoalhaven, but will shortly take up his residence with Petor Kemp at Colo. M'Lean is at his homo on tho Richmond River. A meeting of those interested in the art of swim ming was held at the Natatorium, Pitt-street, on Saturday evening la3t, for tho purpose of forming a mixed bathing club, tho object being to enable heads of families to teaoh their wives, and daughters how to swim. There was a good attendance, and a club, to be called the Sydney Dual Swimming Club, was established, and Mr. R. A. Stennett was appointed secretary. The prizes won at tho recent Leichhardt Regatta on Now Tear's Day were presented at tho Town Hall, Leichhardt, on Jan. 9 to the successful competitors by Mrs. N. C. Neale, wife of tho Mayor of the borough. There was a large attendance, including many ladies. Mr. W. Baroley, the young man who saved the life of the little girl Laura Tinsley, who fell overboard from the flagship, was presented by tho regatta committee with a handsonio tropy in recognition ot his bravory. The proceedings throughout wero moBt enthusiastic. STEPHENSON V. BTJBBAK.-Stephenson, of New Zealand, and Bnbear, the champion of England, rowed over the championship course on Wednesday afternoon last for ¿50 a-sido. The tide was about four hours eob; but the wind was blowing cold and strong against the scullers. Neither man obtained any advantage from the start, which was by mutual consent ; but before Uhr's Point was passed, Stephen son led by nearly two lengths, whioh position ho im proved upon throughout the course, until, at the finish, ho won " as he liked," by fully 15 lengths, in 2umin 43300. Tho first boat race that ever to our knowledge I (says the FORBES TIMES) took place at Forbes, came, off on the lagoon on January 6, between F. Heinke and J. Mullampy for ¿1 a-Bide. Tho boats used wera two of Heinko's now ones, and tho course was from the embankment to the lagoon bridge. A «ood start was effected, Hoinko having the inside, but from the Btart it was evident from the manner in which Mullampy lifted his BCUIIB in the air, and the splashing ho did, that ho had no chance ; and when, after pursuing a very erratic course, he gavo up when about half the distance was traversed, few were sur prised. The sport ia becoming popular, and several races have since taken place. A very popular win was scored by Mr. J. W. Taylor last Saturday even ing. Mr. F. Heinke baa placed several boats on the lagoon for the uso of the public, and I hear ho intends getting a couple of wager boat3 from Sydney. At a meeting of tho Searle memorial committee, held at the Exchange on January 7, Mr. T. Spencer presided. Mr. Blackstone, hon. secretary, in his report of what had been done in the memorial business, said that out of COO subscription listB issued throughout Australia only 150 had been roturned, the contributions amounting to about ¿280. A design of the monument furnished by Messrs. Shorvey and Lenthall, architects, waa unanimously approved of ; and tenders will be at once called for ita erection, either on the rocks at tho Brothers, or at tho mile* point of tho championship course. The height of tho monument above high water mark will bo 17ft. The columns and pedestal will bo of white marble, and the base of bluestone, standing on a substantial foundation of concrete. On the pedestal of the columns will bo carved tho crossed sculls with a wreath of nativo flowers. Tho work is expected to bo completed in about three months. Owing to tho unpleasant weather on Saturday after- ' noon, the Port Jackson Sailing Club have postponed their race for the Mark Foy medals until January 31\. The entries and handicaps aro : Mantura and Craigilee, scratch; Lottie and Idothea, 2min; Atalanta and Esmeralda, 3min ; Isadore, 4min : Soylla, Massilia, Our Tom, and Wild Wave, 6min ; Violet, Our May, and Ghost, 7min ; Imogene and j Iverna, lOmin. The judging is to be by points, those I allotted berner four for first boat, tbree for second, two for third, and ono for fourth, and the crew of tho boat scoring tho most points in the three races seoures th9 medals. The ufcual money prizes will also bo given, and there ia creat interest oantred in the results. The only; condition attached to the races is that the boats will receive their handicap at the start, and Mr. Foy has arranged a d-inplete bystom whereby this method can be carried out successfully. By the way. Mr. Foy's system will be in use at tho starting of the races at the National Regatta. The following wore tho entries and handicaps for the sailing race in Botany Bay, which took place on Saturday afternoon : Sheet Anchor, soratch ; Iris, ¿min ; Bravo, Nordenfeldt, Carbine, and Wild George, 2min ; Allure, 3imin ; Young Fred, 4min ; Music and Ornone, 4imin; Flirt, Isabel, and Echo, Gmin; The Gem, 7min; Dioaiede, 13min; Navigator, liimin. There was no steamor round from Sydney to follow the race, and as a consequence no exact times could bo taken. It was past 4 o'clock when the start took place. The times at tho finish wore : Bravo GU Omin , 23sec, Carbine Ch Omin 40sec, Sheet Anohor Ch 4min 6sec, Iris Gh 4min 15sec, Magic 6h Smin 42sco, Aliono Ch Omin 15sec, Flirt Ch Dinin 32scc, Wild Georgo Gb Omin 40sec, Echo dh lOinin 13seu, Isabel Gh llmin Dace The Bravo (sailod by her owner, Mr. Sparkes) therefore takes first placo, Carbine (Mr. C. Smith) I fcecond, and tho Flirt (Mr. F. Ihompson) third. Mr. F. Thompson was timekeeper and Mr. P. Clarke starter. The Balmain Sailing Club had a race on Saturday afternoon forlGft dingeys, the ontriosfor which were: Young Arnold, Sophie, Our Boys, Onr Own, Carrie, and Sophia. The course was from White Horso Point, round Goat Island, round a boatmoored off Iron Cove bridge, again round Goat Island, and back to finish : off White Horso Point. Messrs. W. Clarko and G. j Trouton officiated as starter and umpire respectively. At 3.45 p.m. tho boats were Bent away to an excellent start, all carrying topsails. Abreast of Cockatoo tho Sophia was ahead, Our Own, Young Arnold, Our Boya, and Carrie in tho order named. On tho boat to Go:-.t Island tho Sophia increased her load. Passing Longnose the order was Sophia, Our Own, Our Boys, Carrie, Sophie, and Young Arnold. Rounding tho buoy at the bridge tho times were : Sophia 4h 40min 4Gseo, Our Own 4h 42min, Our Boys 4h 42min 2üscc, Sophie 4h 43min 35soc, Carrie 4h 43min 40seo. The Sophie, Young Arnold, and Carrie gave up, and the finishing times of tho othor boats were : Sophia 5h 33min 46seo, Our Own Sh 34min 33;ec, Our Boys 5h 35mîn 34aeo. Tho Sophia (W. M. Cameron) therefore won the race, with Our Own (W. Golding) second, and Our Boys (fi. Holmes, jun.) third, and wero exosedingly well sailed. Tho committee of the National Rogatta met on January 12 at the Exchange, Mr. Finlayson presiding. A large amount of detail business having boon trans acted, it was agreed that the yacht race should, bo for all yachts undor a sealodhaudicap.and that tho prizes should be .£25, ¿£15, and ¿810 for first, second, and third respeclively. It was considered that this should bo a sufficient inducement for a number of yacht ownerB to enter, as a sealed handicap, whioh, of course, will not bo declared until tho race ia over, should make the event a very interesting one. Speoial attention was drawn to the olosine of all entries at the Exchange by 10 p.m. on Saturday next, and mombera of tho committee aro requested to attend to assist the hon. secretary in the work of receiving and noting. The handicap committee, which includes all members of tho sailing committee, will meet on Monday after noon next to mako their handicaps, in order that the firogramme may bo completed and available for pub ic use early next week. Tho arrangements for the regatta aro now all, so far, oomplete, and it only romains for tho public to accord that liberal poouni ary eupport to the committeo which ha3 hitherto been readily given. The Sydney Amateur Sailing Club had a race for prizes of ¿£7 and £3 on Saturday af ternoon, for which the following boats were entered : Irex, 22Ct (N. John son), scratoh ; Ellie, 22ft (J. M'Murtrie), 2min ; iEolus, 24ft (C. J. Saunders), and Elsie, 24ft, each 3oiin; Seabreeze, 24ft, (F. G. Raö).6minj Zanoni, 20ft (J. W. Bennett), 7min, and Lesbia, 23ft (J. Lyons), 8¿min. The course was from a flying start from a line between the starter's boat and Kirribilli beacon down to and round the lightship and Sow and Pigs and Shark Island (outside buoys and marks), thenco round ilagboat moored off Fort Macquarie, again round Shark Maud, and baok to finish at Fort Macquarie. Mr. A. F. Botham acted as starter and umpire. The boats went away on a S.S.E. breoze, with tide at ebb. Irex was first aoroeB the line, fol lowed by the Seabreeze, iEolus, Elsio, Ellio, Zanoni, and Lesbia. The boats cleartd Bradleys on the one taok, and it was a capital contest to tho lightship and back to tho fhtghoat, whioh waa rounded by iEolus at 4h 2Smin 38seof Irex 4h 28min 43seo, Elsie 4h 29min 40soo, Ssa Breezo 4h 30min 45seo, Ellio 4h 32m 35seo, Zanoni 4h 32icin 44soc, Lesbia 4h 34min 15sec. At the jibe Zanoni took first place, and tbe finishing timea were: iEolus 5h 14min 9aec, Irex 5h 15min8sec, Elsie 5h 15min SSseo, Sea Breeze 5h lGmin 34sec, Ellie 5h 16min 43soo, Zanoni 5h 18min 59seo, and Lesbia 5h 21min 3seo. The Sea Breezo, exceedingly well handled by Mr. W. Paul, thus won the race with 39seo to Bpare from iEolus. iEolus waa sailed by her owner, and Mr. J. Middleton sailed the Zanoni. The members ot the N.S.W. Rowing Association met on January 13 at the Exchange j Mr. Degotardi presiding. Messrs. Arthur Holmes and T. Keary were elected hon. secretary and hon. treasurer respectively. Tho Sydney Rowing Club wrote to the association, protesting against its notion in allowing a professional runner to bo classed as an amateur oars man. The following Dew delegates wore received : Messrs. D. Fell, U .S.E.C. ; E. Schultz, B.R.C.. N. J. M'Donald, M.R.C. ; and G. G. Foster, S.R.C. Mr. J. T. Bell wrote on behalf of the Queensland Rowing Association, suggesting that in future inter coloDialboatraces the course should bo reduced to two miles. On the motion of Mr. B. AmeßB it was agreed that a committee consisting of Messrs. Holmes, Degotardi, and the mover be appointed to inquire into the alleged sale in 1889 of an eight-oar boat, the property of this association, and that the result of tho inquiry bo placed before this committee. On the motion of Mr. Hornunan it was agreed that a selection committee bo now appointed to select all crows to represent New South Waies in all inter colonial rowing contests during 1891, and that the selection committee consist of Mr. J. E. Myora and Mr. J. N. Oatley, and tho stroke of each respective crow when he himself has boen chosen by the before mentioned gentlemen, and that the coaoh for the respective, crows be elected by the said selection com mittee when in tho opinion ot the selection committee the proper time has arrived to make the appointment, and that tho secretaries of tho rowing clubs bo re quested to supply tho ecleotion committeo with the name3 of their representativo oarsmen. Tho moat ing then closod. Tho usual monthly meeting of tho Princo Alfred Yacht Club was hold at the Exchange on January 9, at which Mr. F. S. Adams pre sided. Messrs. R. A. Houston and H. Barrowes were nominated for membership. It was agroed that in future monthly meetings, should be held on tho eccond Thursday in each month. The alteration in Eulo 23, proposed by Mr. Fairfax, waa carriod, tho mle now reading as follows: That tho crews o£ all yaohts competing in a raco shall bo as follow: Eating 2J and under, four hands: 5 and over 2£, five hands; 10 and over 5, seven hands ; 20 and over 10, niue hands ; 40 and over 20, 14 hand3 ; (50 and over 40, 16 hands ; and, secondly., that tho club adopt the form of entry laid down in tho Y.E.A, rules, which ia as follows : ' Please to enter tho-yacht for the-. race at- on tho -. Hor distinguish ing flag is -; her rig ia- ; and her ratiag in accordance with Eulo 3 ia-; and I declare that no alteration has been made in her loadwater line, or in her length of spars, or in her Bail area since abo was measurod by tho official measurer and her certificate iasnod; and I undertake that while sailing undor thia entry she shall not have on board any bagB of shot ; that all hor ballast shall bo pro perly stowed undor tho platform or in lockers, and shall not bo shifted or trimmed in any way whatever; and that I will obey and bo bound by tho sailing ruloa of tho Yacht Eacing Association." Thirdly, a declaration as follows: "I hereby declaro that tho -yacht, whilst sailing in tho-race this day, has strictly observed tho sailing rules and regula tions." Tho hon. treasurer notified tho financial soundness of tho club. Tho necessity of replacing the buoy at Manly was pointed ont, and tho matter was ordered to bo left in tho hands of tho hon. secretaries of tho Royals and Prince Alfreds. The sitting then closed. Tho Eoyal Sydney Yacht Squadron had a general handicap raoo on Saturday afternoon, for whioh tho following entries and handicapa were . made : Volunteor (yawl), Mr. W. P. Smairl, scratch ; Iolanthe (cutter), Mr. W. M. Maolardy, 23min; and tho Sao (outter), Mr. A. J. Soutar» 23min, Tho course was Irom a flying start at 1.30 p.m. from a lino betwoon tho starter's boat and H.M.S. Orlando's buoy, down to and round a flagboat moored at Manly, thence round Shark Island, outside the Pile Light, bcaoon. and buoy, and Fort Denison ; thence round tho lightship and Sow and Pigs and Shark Island, outßido Pile Light, beacon, and buoy, and back to tho flagboat off Fort Macquarie. Tho prizes are ¿215 and ¿10. TheBteamor Elaino followed the race, whioh was in chargo of Mr. A. Minnett, but tho attendance, owing to tho weather, was vory limited. Tho breeze was fresh from the southward and an ebb tido. Tho Iolanthe and Sao wero first away, tho Volunteer boing 25soo behind in crossing tho lino. When tho latter was oponing out Garden Island her topmast carried away a few foet abovo the oap, and considerable tims was occupiodin clearing away the wreckage. Tholoiantho led tao Sao off Bradleys, and when off Watsons Bay a series of luffing matches wero indulged in between thest two yachts, whilo tho Volunteer WHS ali tho time making good headway for Manly. The flagboat at Manly was rounded by Volunteer at 2h 6min45seo, Sao 2b. 0min 50sec, Iolanthe 2h 7min 53seo. All ttood in for tho eastern shore and went over to Dobroyd. At Middle Head tho Iolanthe had nearly caught tho Sao. Tho times at the buoy were-Volüntecr, 3h lmin50seo; Sao, 3h 16min; Iolanthe* 3h 17min 52scc. Fort Denison was rounded by Volunteer at 3h 14min 14seo ; Sao, 3h 31min 530o ; Iolanthe, 3h 33min 7seo. At tho lightship the times were-Volunteer, 3h35mha 40aoa; Sao, 3h 55min; Iolanthe, 3h 56min 47seo. Shark Island was cleared by Volunteer at 3h 5Umin ; Sao, 4h 17min 5l3oc; Iolanthe, 4h 19min 42sec ; and tho finishing times were-Volunteer, 4h llinin 3seo; Sao, 4H 36min lsco; Iolanthe, 4h 38miu 4(isec. The result was, thereforo, a win for tho Volunteer, "with Sao second, and lolantho third. 