SELECTED Pr ETRY: The 9iiii<riil . That man was onco as handsome as yb n," '' Willi tho frankunt faco and tho .happiest heart, And thoy spoko ofwhat ho waBsuro to do, 1 Of the brave-sonlcd way he'd play 1mm part In tho trials and struggles ana strifes of incn ; : ' They said these things and they thought them— then. Ton see hint, now, with his bloated face . ,/ And his unkemnt heard and his Tulpineeyes, Wliito his tromhling fuigoin, twining, tinco - Thogaino, as tho roulette flags or flies;.. And the gray, gaunt look, that at times gives To &n; awful, apathetic gloom. A sullen, cynical, shameless sneor Has altered that sensitive mouth's proud curve; Those roving eyes, onco .bright nnd cluar With a quick surmise or a sunny vorve. Are dolled and bloodshot, or only glow ' With tho greed and onvy that gamblers know. . His brain onso burned with a high intent, His soul was shaping out noblo ends, And all tho dreamB of his life wcro bout Willi lovo and honor, nnd fame, mid friends. And. these aro tho heaviest stones tlut roll ' To soul tho grave of (lint murdered sou). Tea; look at him well as he rcols away With a muttered curso and a savage glare- Tim outer tomplo in dread decay, Tho. itmor altar profaned mid Iniro ; Hunted by phantoms with gibing face- Hopes castaway nnd ungarncrcu grace.- But, to- night, when he reaches his squalid den, Some memory flashes across his brain ; Ho recalls himself a man, among men; And hia nerves are stung by intenocat pain ; And, " Iiost — O my God ! All lost!" ho said : And they find him him there, in the morning— dead I Bo you know tliat a woman did all this. A woman ho loved with his whoto soul's strength 1 Wliogavobim her red, curled month to kiss, And called him lover, until, at longth, She loft hint, as Samson wor left of old, Shorn of bis strength '! Well, his story's told. Only a woman I Only, yon say I Bo you know the might of those littlo hands? Bo you know they can 1 torturo and starvo ami slay? Can scar men's souls as with burning brauds ? Can scatter tho seeds of a pestilent Might, Brearer than Death, and darker Hum Night ? Oh, I wonder whether, when men shall rise To gtvo 1111 account at the End of Days, His mother shntl meet those siren eyes With unsnealcnbly- Rlcrti, yet mournful gore. Ami a judgment iuri:, in atonement just Far that ruin— wrought by caprice and lust ! Well, tbe world wags on, yet, wetliinks to-night That tho silence speaks amt the room is crosst By a ghost. Quick ! Strike that light ! < For tlio air it echoing : "Lout, lost, lost-! r ' t And I feci, with a voiceless nnd utter dread, - That my soul liatli talked with tho mm Jyiug -dcad.:; - > t'.: ,i- 