CHAPTER XXXIV. josis’s AD VESTURE, Captain Sir Redmond Carew stands upon the steps, his hand on the bell-knob. How can he go in and face poorBsss, waiting and hungering for a Eight of her husband? How shall he break the terrible news to her? It is the hardest trial of all the brave soldier’s life, but he knows it must be done. He rings the bell with a dull ache at his heart. The door opens instantly, and behind the servant who admits him lie sees Bsbb her self, her wan little face all aglow with ex pectant joy. She rushes forward and catches his hand. •• Oh, Ridmond, where is my husband l— and where js my child?” He tskei her hand and leads her back into the drawing-room. “ Sit down, Bess,” ha nays, tenderly, 11 and when you ara calm I have something to tell you.” A sudden terror leaps into her eyes, and her lips begin to quiver. “ Whst is'it?” she falters, “What has happened ? Who is dead ? My child ?" Sir Redmond sits beside her and takes boih her hands in his. “ Look at me, BesB,” he says, “ and eee what a brave, strong little woman you can be. No <ine iB dead. Your child is alive and so is Lord St. Aubyn.” She craws a long breath of relief and looks up at him with the old smile returning to her soft eyes. “Thank Heaven,” Bho murmurs. “If they are both alive, nothing very dreadful can have happened. Wbat is it, Redmond? Is Lord St. Aubjn absent from England? Ho must bo, or ha would have come to me. You have Esnt for him, o! course, and he wiil soon ■ be here 1 Tell me all about it, please.” The captain looks at her in infinite'pifcy. How esn he tell her? He starts to his feet, and thoughtfully psce3 up and down the room. Bess watches him with a nameless fear creeping to her face. She rises and follows him, and slides her little hand into bis. “Rodmond, dear friend,” she whispers, j “something terrible has happened; I eee it in your face. Tell me ; anything ia better than this suspense.” He wheels round and faee3 her. “Bess,” ho .replies suddenly, “Lord St. Aubyn is married again.” She look3 at him in a dull, uncompre hending way. “Married 1” she repeats. “Why, Red mond, what can yon mean ?” “ He thought you were dead, Bess,” con tinues the captain, desperately, “and hehaa married Lady Cassandra Lauder.” 1 ‘ Married 1 My baby’s father married 1” • Her whitening lips frame the words, but give forth no sound. The color drifts j slowly from brow and cheek, and she ’ drcp3 like a blighted lily at the soldier’s feet. He etoops and raises her in his arms just as Mrs. Markham enters. There she is,” he Eays, as he lays Bass on the sofa. “ I have told her and it has killed hc-r. That villain shall answer lor her murder. I’ll go and find him now.” Ha is striding from the room with a de termined face, but his old friond follows “ Stop, Redmond Carew," ehe says; “ re main where you are. If Lord St. Aubyn chooses to marry a now wife every week, you are not celled upon to interfere. The law will look to him. Stay where you are, and help the poor girl; she i3 merely in a faint.” He returns in sullen silence, and they sot about reviving poor 'Bs33. The task is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it is not until after a surgeon has been called ia that they eueoeed in re storing any pigns of animation. At last the hectic red flutters back to her tbin cheeks, and her eyes open with a ! frightened stare. | “Married 1 My baby’s father married!” she repeats in a gasping whisper. Mrs. Markham bends over her, stroking her hair, and saying gently: “ There, poor dear, yon mustn’t take it so to heart. He believed you were dead, you know.” *• Yea, but how could they forget ms so soon ?” These words quiver from her white lips in gasping Bobn and ehe is convulsed with bitter woeping. Sir Redmond Carew looks on in fierce indignation. “ Don’t cry so, Bess,” ha says at last; " that man is not worth it. You should- be glad to be rid of him, the villain!’’ Bass looks up with wet, startled eyes, “No, Redmond,” Bheinterposes, hurriedly, “ I will not hear you oondomn him. Lord St. Aubyn is not to blame. - How shocld he know that I would oomeback from the dead ? He had a right to marry Lady Cassandra. Yon know, Redmond, they loved each other Iona before the marquis met me." Mrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amazement. “ Bat, my poor dear,” she says, “Lord St. Aubyn will have to take you back, of oonrss, when he learns that you are alive.” But Bess shakes her head sadly, i “ I shall never coma between them again,” she says. “Bat I must have my child,” [ “You shall have him, Bess, I promise I yo«.” “But did Lord St. Aubyn say so? Did j you Eee him, Redmond ? You have not told ! me yet. Doss ho know that I still live?" ' “Yes, he knows it, Boas.” “Redmond,” she oaks, in a low voice, “ what did he say ? Did ho seem glad or The captain ahut3 his teeth hard; his agony through all this trying scene is greater than anything the forsaken wife feels. “I think he was glad, Bobs,” he answers truthfully, “ when I first told him. Ha looked glad, I thought. But it places him in a bad position, you sec. I—I think he wiillaave England.” Her lip3 quiver again, bat she dashes the tcaTs from her eyes. “Yes, of oonrss, he will leave England, end take Ca3sie with him. I can expect nothing else—though he did love me, Red mond. He need to pet me so, and call me ■ little mother.’ I wish I could see him and tell him bow I feel. I don’t blame him, and I hops he ■will b-3 very happy— he and Lady j Cassandra. I shall neverjiit my finger Co 3o then harm; bat I must have my child.” “ Yes, you shall have year child, Uses.” On this same February afternoon the late Ersin which entered the small tovrn nearest to Aberduano Lodge put down a solitary passenger— a little maiden, closely wrapped and hooded, and carrying a small valise in her hand. She stands an instant on tho wet comfort less platform, looking with keen bright eyes ; then, gathering her wind-tossed cloak more closely, sha makes her way into the heart of the dreary little town. A public-house with the image of tha brazen lion on its swaying sign attracts her notice, and she walks briskly tip the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. “ Well, missis,'1 er.v3 the landlord, strag gling briskly to hi3 dumpy legs, “ what can I do for you?” “ I wish to knew in what direction I can find Aberdudno L;dgo,” replies the little maid, Epeaking in broken Engiisb. “ Aberdudno Lodge !” -he rrpsata, emerg ing -from behind his bar. “ Well, my pretty miss, if you’ll just step out I’ll ehow you the old piece. You can see it plainly enough. And a regular old ghost nest it is.” He makeB his way to tho door and Josie— for it is she—follows him. “That’s the place, ay dear,” he says, pointing one stubby linger towards a huge black pile on the summit of a eea-wsshed cliff. Josie looks at tho grim old structure with bright and fc-arleEB eyes. “How, can yon get me a carriage drive up there?” she asks presently. The Inndlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whistle. “ Why, what does it mean ?”hesays—“ so j many pretty-faced women-folks going up there. What dce3 it mean ?—that’s what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another lr.so was here after s con veyance up to Aberdudno. I eent her up and that w&3 the last of it; sho did not come back. Maybe Bluebeard lives up there in them black turrets. Who knows? No, in deed, my dear, T can’t think of such a thing as sending you to that old ghost-trap at thi3 hour; you oan stay here at tho Golden Lion to- night if you like, and I may manage it in tha morning.” He puts out his fat hand to pat the girl’s shoulder. She draws back with flashing eyes, and almost falls into the arms of a young gentleman who has just come up tho steps. •‘Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what’a this?” demands the new-comer, before Josie recovers her breath sufficiently to ^Tbe dnmpy landlord turns round in evident consternation. * “ Ab, it’s yon, Sir Arthur, is it!” he cries, in an apologetia voice. “Had no thought of seeing von back so soon. Glad to see you, though, Sir Arthur. There’s a good fire in the parlor. Come Id, sir, please.” Mr. Dobbs ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs his attention solely to Sir Arthur, as ho has been called; but Sir Arthur himscif locks towards her with admiring glances. “ 1 beg your pardon,” he ventures to Bay, after some hesitation ;" but if I can be of any Eerviee to you, it will give me pleasure.” Josio gives Sir Arthur one swift, Eharp j look, and she sees at a glance that thG men j before her is a gentleman. Sho makes a ! quaint cnrte37, that strikes tbs young baronet as being erase itself. ! “ I thank you, monsieur,’’ she replies. “I stopped here’to make inquiries about Aber dudno Lodge. L would be glad if I could get a carriage to taka mo to the plsc9. Thai’s it, 1 believe, on tho cliff there ?” The landlord makes Rn attempt to speak, but she silences him with a glance of her blazing eyes; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that he never saw such eye3 before, make3 answer: “That is Aberdudno Lodge, and a dreary old place it is. Surely you have no thought of going tbers to-night ?” Josie hesitates a minute, glancing out into the misty gloom. “I did think of it.” she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. “M7 dear young lady,” says the gentle man, earnestly, “ let me persuade yon to give over such o purpose. Yea have no ides what a Bleep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodge is when yon arrive thore. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into mins, and is qnite deserted. It sc-ems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating bock to the days of the Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Anbyn’s neglect.” “It is quito deserted, you say?” repeats ” Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and tho ghosts, so the country folk about hero have it.” “Net forsuch a long time, though, Sir Arthur,” puts in the landlord. “An old man lived thc-re until—let’s see—Monday— yes, it was Monday the lady gGt hers, and she took him away.” “Indeed 1” responds Sir Arthur. “ I was not aware the old place had been inhabited for years.” “ Yes, Sir Arthur,” continues Mr. Dobbs, eagerly, “ ihe old man has lived here for years—one of Lord St. Aubyn’s servants, 1 think. The old chap never let on what ho was—mum as a mouse. He came down once in a while for wine; bat tho lady came, and I sent her np thore and sho didn’t come back. She sent word by the lad as she meant to stay all night, and take the old man away with her next morniDg. He being her father, I suppose she did, Sir Arthur, as we’vo not clapped eyes on tha old *un “ And you have never heard of any ether persons being seen at the lodge ?” asks Josie, her eyes full of feverish interest. “Never a soul,miss,” ho replies, cheerfully “only when Lord St. Aubyn same once with his sick wife, and that was years ago.” Josie gathers up her cloak, and looks dubiously out into tho gloomy afternoon. “ If you have a great desire to see tho old place,” pats in Sir Arthur, politely, “ and would like to go up to-morrow, my dogcart is here, and my man is at your Eerviee.” “ Tbank you, sir,” replies Josie, after a moment's thought, “bat since I find the place d-3-crted, I may change my mind. I will not put yon to farther trouble. Good day.” She trip3 away, r.nd the two men look after her with admiring eyes. “ She don’t belong to these part,’’ remarks tho landlord. Sir Arthur says nothing, but his face be trays bis curiosity and interest. He stands irresolute an instant, and then strides down tho steps. “Yon are not going, Sir Arthur?”ques tions Dobbs. “Yea,” responds the baronet. “I’ll be back in an hour. Keep my dinner hot.” Ho walks rapidly away, in the same direc tion in which Josie has just disappeared—a circumstance which elicits a shrewd wink and shrug of the shoulders from the landlord, as he makes his way back to the Inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues bi3 walk, and in a very fsw minutes comes In sight of Josie. Sho is in the main street which runs throngh the town, and which commands a fine view of the headlands and of Aberdudno Lodge. She walk3 on briskly for some time, and Sir Arthur follows, keeping her in Bight. [ “ Now, I should like to know,” he thicks, “ who she is, and what she wants at such a plr.ee as Aberdudno i” He slackens his pace, for Josie has pansed in her brisk walk and stands irresolute, with her eyes fixed upon the old lodge. For the space of a moment she lingers, then strikes boldly out into the sandy cliff road winding upwards to the lodge on the summit of the cliff.—(To be continued.') 344 