COMICALITIES. A qutet Instbument.— " There, ' said the toy man to Billie's father, " that drum's the finest in the market. It can't be beat." " I'll take it. A dram that can't be beat is just the thing for my boy." -Not Yet Desperate. — Middle-aged Spinster (as tramp comes into the yard) : " What do you Want here — anything to eat?" Tramp: ' What else should I want, madam ? Did you think I came to offer a proposal of marriage ?" _He Was Included.— .Dora: "I do adore abgs." Van Wind: "Aw, how lovely for rfie." - Why; how so ?" " The chappies all say I'm such a deuced clevah dog, don't you know." , Caebied Out Instructions. — Mamma: "Johnny, see that you give Ethel the lion's share of that orange." Johnny: "Yes, ma." Ethel: "Mamma, he hasn't given me any.'J Johnny.: " Well, that's all right. Lions don't eat oranges." Pleasant fob Auntie. — Aunt Hepzibah : " What a-pretty gown you have on, Amanda!" Amanda (just from the City): "I knew you would like it, auntie. It's horribly vulgar and out of style at home, but I told mamma iff would be all right for the country. Lovelv day, isn't it?" The Fangs op BexobseI — Ma ei strata (to prisoner : ''You were >oiin(DE-mity jajmcting the plaintiff in a lou&at; vnocKina him down, and robbing hiCDDi everytnm vtc pt a valuable gold watch -winch ne nan. with him. What have you to say ?" Prisoner : " Had he a gold watch with him at the time ?" Magi strate : " Certainly." Prisoner; "Then I put in a plea of insanity." he wasn't taeing chances. The iron horse like lightning sped. O'er hill and, valley swiftly lied ; A couple, handsome and well-bredt Sat calmly rearing side by side. The lady was surpassing fair, The gallant knight- was debonair, v Theirs was the blithe and buoyant air Of youth and loveliness and pride. Then darkness came with ebon hue— A tunnel they were passing through; (A better chance not oft appears). Though pitchy darkness then they flew Oh, gol&en; opportunity ! But did he steal a kiss ? Not he, Oh.no; the reason was, you see They had been married several yearn ! A correspondent wants to know how long eels live? About the same time as short eels, , we suppose. A Divorce Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to find work to do all the year round. The grammar-school girl at the- boarding- house may be asked to parse the butter but not to analyse it. A young lady attending a party should have a female chaperon until she is -able to call some other -chap her own. " Do you play the banjo ?" "Not when there are apypople rouud." " Why not?" ? They Won't let ine." . _ THR eohiiDjg ; wdmfin wffl hot many until she . is |ibie to Buppoxt a hihsbahd in the style slra has been accustomed to at home. "She has her father's eyes," said Chappie admiriugly. "Yea," sneered Misi Jelius, " and I suspect she is wearing her mother's hair." " Sea-sickness " say s a modern wit, "is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but everyone has misgivings oil the subject." , "Bridget, I cannot allow yontoroceiveyour loverin the kitchen any longer." " It's . very Jond ol ;gou, ma'am, but he is almost too bashf ul to co'me into the parlour." ... " The most graceful of domestic animals is the cat, ' while the most awkward bird is the duck," say8an observer ol nature; but it won't do to use these facts for a basis if you Want to call awoman petnames. f f Tommy passed the parlour door just as his sister anifher lover were concluding a confer ence about something, overhearing the remark <( will put our heads together and see what We can 4?" Entering itiie library he heard his father,remark ofthe spooning pair, "They're a crack-brained couple anyway.'1 " Guess they're all mended now, pop," raid Tommys " cause I juet -heard em' say thejr'd put their heads together.' v TAb Iocorporated Law Society lately refused tQ allow a solicitor to admit his daughter into the profession. . Perhaps it is as well, or very likely we should have something like this: — Family Lawyer—Broken it off With Miss Sharpe, eh ?— the lady solicitor ? That's bad 1 Client — " Bed! I should thintit wtus. Why, I'll be hanged if she hasn't sent me in a bill for all the |'interirifew£ we' ve had, 'and hundreds of Six and ghtpences for all tile letters she -e written me ; dtheusiial cost for reading mine. And she's gcangto bringan actionfor breach orpromise! \- NoT AMiLirjreS<CanTeet some- I ihijg to 1 1 -tsiid'iilMerh man of the Iproprietofof aMontana I1 hl%'r The land- 'fTry not to." " Pick ypr teeth withthefork?'' ; "Vfiw oB Bat « the table?1' "Yefl." ''Sniftckyerlim wBbq you- strike somethin' good ?" " No." "Then you .. can't eat here. 3L fed a feller last spring that jpartei fais hair in the middle and had the samQ brand on his: face that you've got,, and he hoodooed my place for a month. They's a half- breed runs a feed-trough farther down the street. Guess he'll take you in— -he don'fkDOH no better — but, by gum ! as long as I run tbfa ranch it ain't goin to be no millinery shoo. Day, stranger." ' Harry (at the ball): "You look bored and tired, old man." Jack; " Well, who wouldn't I've been swinging dumb belles all th evening." Miss van Dyke ; " Don't yon dance at all Mr. de Witt?" Tom deWitt: "No. I have never learned how," Miss van Dyke: ".That's nothing ; lots of men dance who have never learned how." At a fanoy-dress ball o— "BTuniug, Diggs met A-hdf uf lis acquaintance , most superficially gauze out "Very dcoiletee. What a.beautiful costume. May I ask what you represent ?" "I am Amphitrite," replied the lady. " Ah, yes, the goddess of the sea. I see — at low tide, I "Suppose ?" 