EVICting a Ghost. Almost every town or village has its haunted houne, and the esttlement of Wands, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English rfficers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their rerpective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauchampa housnee was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extra ordinary noise. The door bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing nrise in the wall of the house-not in one place, but in several at once, and then he heard a long drawn Eigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that the place was haunted. The notorimty so zhiaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, oneof the men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seat ing himeelt near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of the cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches above the baeket it began to wave to and fro as it in obedience to the measure of the music. After the snake dance-or the snake " charming," as Europeans are wont to call it-the Indian snake-charmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. Seating himself before the hole the magician began his mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon founa, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a most remarkable noise came from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rub bing against the timbers. Dust in clouds came from thehole, and the "charmer" started back in terror, overturn ing the man behind him. Recovering him sell, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a large snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those of many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of the tail, and five feet of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted in Hindustaneefor the lookers-en to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by toot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet-eighteen, was there no cnd? eighteen feet of quivering Enake-flesh as large as a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear-at least twenty feet in length-big enough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, not in the least dis couraged. He clung to the tail and as the huge reptile turned toward him with an angry hiss he ga'e it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually be increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel. the spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the mction that the snake's body was perfectly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was pafe, but if the monster could reach him be would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew what he was about. Not far from the ouse stood a stcut flag-staff a foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, and toward this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When be was within twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. Tois was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he come, whirling faster and faster, until the reptile stood out like a whip-lash, and then, with a quick step for ward, he brought the head of the animal against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the "ghost." 