?\\)t â>_îmc_ ¿ílornmg; Strato. SATORMAY, JANUARY 10, 1891. TWENTY THOUSAND deaths have occurred at Guatemala owing to a euvoio outbreak of. small- pox. THE text of General Booth's colonisation sonoma has beon published by the St. James's Qaectte, and the Bchomu is d' clared by that journal to be worth- less in proti cting the eubsoriboM, TJroN tenderiug an apology, tho SOO clerks in tho London Savings Dunk, who recently resigned, have beon permittod to return to work, Two now steamer-i aro boing built on the Glyde for the P. and, 0. Oompaay, to roplaoe the recent losses by wrcoli. TUB Choncollor oC tho Exchequer is bring urgoii by the Australian Agents- General to legis ate dur- ing the prcsont ßo-sion on the subject of tho in vestnient of. British trust funds in Australian eecuiities. DUBIKO the revolt in the Caroline Islands the nativos have killed SOO foreigners, and a general mas<aote is fejrod. Wim regard to Dr. Koch's remedy, it is stated that a supply of throe bottles ot lyrapb has been pro- mised to Professor Anderson Stuart lor use and demonstration in Sydney. IN the opinion of Professor Virchow, the eminent Gorman burgoon, many experiments will bo neces- sity bofoio Dr. Kuch's method of treatment eau ha regarded as thotoughly oBootivo. Tw nty-"no oases of tubotcU'Ous disease treated by Dr. Koch's method have ended fatally. AT au organised attack on a flying-fox camp on the Hasting» Il.ver, at Port Macquarie, 901) wore desuojod on the lirst day, and 5000 on the second, and still the post scorns as groat as ever, so numerous is it TUB publia mind, says our correspondent in his Pariel m Go-sip, which appears in this >BSue, has been astounded by the loan ot 75 millions of francs in go.ld in"ots hy tho Uank of Fraucs to the Bank of England lor the prevention ot the imminom bank- rupts ot the eieat London hou-e ot Buring. E glund is rtpmentod as having bton saved lioni bankruptcy by this astoniahiug iiboiality of the Bank of Franco, ALL hopo of reoovoring the body o£ Mr. John Garnett, nbo was drownoj owing to the flooding of tho mino al Tigho's Hill, Kowcastlo. has been ab indonod. TUB accidont to the mine, which has been at work iur live years, »iii ent.il tho loss of pumping iioar, tram ruils, and a number of skipB, altogether valued at £1000. A LARGE bright meteor was observed at the Maclean on Monday night. In volume and brilliancy it is described as being equal to the moon. Mu. J, P..GABVAN, M.L.A., has addressed meet- ings at Colombo and Candelo in his electorate, und has been »eil received. THE first wool sales of this year were held ia Me bourne yesterday, '1800 baies being ofloied and 45130 ueing sold. In, EDDY, in re|ly to a deputation of fruit» growers from Windsor, hai promised that the railway son ice as regards their requirements will bo remedied without delay AT tho Harwood Distillery, at Maclean, 107,648 galions of proot B| irits were ni ado during the year 1890, tor whion the duty paid was £188,357. AT the Garriok Theatre last night, tho final por formauoo of " Mo hs " was givon before a crowded and an enthusiasm» audtonce, Miss Nethot sole's linirhed acting mooting wita hearty appreciation, this evening "Tho Middleman" will be pro- duced. IN his English Gossip, which is published in anotbor column, our correspondent gives an in- teresting account of Mr?. Lmgtry in "Antony and Clto,atra" at tho Piincesa Theatre. AN old man 81 years of ago, who was yesterday committed for trial at tho Wagga Sessions for stealing, »ras said by the police-officer to have spent nearly the woolo of his life iu gaol. Tim Australian nortes Mons Meg and Wont worth have buen entered for the Gold Cup at Ascot, and for Eoveral mees at Newmarket. A SCHEME for the erection of works at Fort Augusta, in South Australia, at a cost of £30,000, is being consiaored by the Queensland Smoiting Company. THE following boats will take part to-day in tho general handicap rac-j for all yaonts, under the auspices of the Boyal Sydnoy Yaoht Squadron : Volunteer (scratch), Iolanthe (¡28 minutes.), the Sao (-3 minutos). AT lludgoo a syndicate bas bought the Log Pad- dock on a lengthy lease, in order to renew the eearoli for gold, which was so successful about 15 years ago. TflE export of coal for the week from NowoaBtle Ina boon (13,234 toas. Tas military forces are arranging for a half-day parade, in review order; on the oouaaion of the land- ing of the Earl of Jersey, who is expected on Thurs- day noxt THE Permanent Artillery will provide two guards of honour, one at Circular Quay, and the second at Government douse, and will a'BJ fire a saluto from the battery at Dawos Point. The Sydney troop of the New Ssuth Wales Eegimont of Cavalry, will escort his Excellency from the Quay to Government House. TUB Earl of Jersey left Adelaide yesterday by the oxprobs for Mo.bourne. FIVE cases of npplos from Sydney have been de- stroyed by tho Customs authorities in Lyttelton (N.Z.), on account of being infeested with codlin month. IT is stated that Molbourno buyers of British Broken Hill shares are investing largely at £3 10s. DmtiNO tho year 1890 22,810or. of gold woro expoited from South Australia. IN refetonco to the Queensland separation move- ment, at a meeting ot the Central Separation League held at Bookhampton on Wednesday, a cable was dealt with I rum Sir Onarles Nicholson, chairman of the London committee, who asked whether, fail- ing absolute sopaiauon, would the principle of Sir Samuel (Jninth's echóme be adopted? It was decided to reply in Ihn negative. AN Imperial Commercial Congress is to be held by the London Onambor of Commerce this year or neit THE proposal to include the eight-hours system in the Statute Book is strongly favoured by the Miners' Fedoration in Birmingham. IT is reported that a tribe of Indians in America boa oapturod and burnt the town of Poootello, in Idaho territory. IN connection with the railway strike in Scot- land, tho demand of the men to have the hours of labour reduced to 10 hours' per day has been re- fused by the railway companies, and the moa havo been called on to surrender unconditionally. APPEALS aro boing made by the mon on strike to all the trades for assistance. TUB crew of the liarquo Notero roaabed Auokland yesterday, after remaiuiog four months on flow land Island, whoie the barque was wrecked last August. TUE unsuitable buildings of the Technological Museum will shortly be oxohanged for the new promises to bo ereoted at Ultimo. In a description sf the Museum supplied in another column bjr our epeoisl reporter, it is stated that the teohnioal ooll"ges flourishing at Bathurst, Goulburn, West Hauland, and Newoastle have eaoh collections of from 20u0 to 2500 exhibits. TriE dofonco forcoa will go into camp on Mnrob. 27 for the annual nine days' continuous training, the artillerymen encamping at the Heads. TUB number of publicans' licenses io the metro- politan area on December SI, 1890, was 852, show- ing a decrea«o of three on the numb-r in existence December 31, 1880. There is now on» hotel to OTory 470 inhabitants. TUE estimated population of the oity and suburb» last year was 883,000. Hit JUSTIN M'CAnTrtT and Mr. Saxton have left for Houlogno to confor with Mr. William O'Brien with regard to the Irieh. leadership. Slit. WILLIAM O'BniEst, who was sentenced to six months' imprisonment by the Tipperary Bonoh, and who fled to America, has surrendered himsolf to the polios authorities. A nKvoLirrioN is reported to have broken out in Chili iu oonsortnence of the refusal of the President to conveno the Congress. AH amicable settlement of tho Behring Sea diffi- culty at an early date U anticipated by the foreign dip.omatic agents at Washington, TUE American Secretary ot átate suggests that a commission should visit Alaska to tully inquire into tho actual state of atlairs in regard to the fisheries, AT a special gonoral meeting of tho East Sydney branch of the Licensed Victuallers' Assoeiatio i, held yosterday uftornoon, it was decided that the Unittd Licoosod Victuallers' AB-ociation should mate initant and earnost endeavours to prorent tho " Publicans Licont.es for Furthor Restriction Bill " recoiving the sanotion of Parliament. His HONOB intimatod that he should not, after all that had transpired, bo prepared to extend the injunction ex parte, but stated that ho had not the slightodt hesitation in saying that the order of the Court should be obeyed, no matter who the person might bo that it should bo issued against. Tnis aftornoon tho ilfth race of tho Beaeon, under tho auspices of the Port Jackson Sailing Club, will take place, A EACH for 16ft dingics will be sailed this after- noon by tho Balmain Sailing Club, Ins Sydney Amateur Sailing Glnb's race for open boals, best and best, will bo sailod this after- noon for prizes valued at £7 and £8, being first and second rospeotivoly. TUB final results of the technical examinations are now to hand, and are given in another column. Tue caso of Evans v. O'Connor came on yester- day boforo Mr. Justice Foster. IN the Mining market yesterday considerable attention was paid to loading Brokon Hill forip. Tun Customs rovonuo yesterday amountod to £6208. The question of the leading tendencies of the people bas been a good deal disou^sed of late, not only with respect to England, but iu its application to the whole English-reading world. The question divide« itself under discussion into many sub-questions. Til ero is the influence of newspapers and periodicals on the read- ing of standard literature, the iniluence of novel reading on the study of solid und serious literature, the influence of the ruah and the cbaunoful frivolousnoiis of modern life on reading altogether. Certainly when we consider tl.e absorbing interest of poli- tics and tbe social questions of the nay, the enormous quantity of roading supplied by the newspapers, which seems always to bave llrst call, on attention, the immense out- pour of new booliB from the press every dny in ever-increasing numbers ; and, in addi- tion, the great demund mude on the seiious thought of tho generation by the wonderful new science of development to which it bus given birth, it would seem that little time, little energy, little ourio*ity could be left over for the great masterpieces of past times which build up tho classical literature of each nation. But the question is one not of speculation, but of fact. And questions of fact are to be answered not by reusonings or suppositions, but by evidence, so fur an this is obtainable. On the particular point in question, the reading habits and reading tastes of our people to- day, we have a good deal of evidence, and this is HO interesting in itself as to be worth, on goueral accounts some little consideration. , Everyone who give« any attention to the doings of the publishing world und to the contents of boole bhops.must have been struck by the immense number of reprints of classical standard works which have been issued within the last few years. If such a student were to singlo out the most characteiistio features of the pub- lishing activity of the time-apart from that directed to the issue of new and original works-ho would say that they were, first, the great number and excel- lent workmanship of the various " series " of handbooks designed to* make knowledge of easy access in many departments of knowledge-historical, biograpbioal, literary, political, and scientific; und, next, the crowd of cheap reprintB of works of standard literuture. And as to these re- prints, it is to be said that- they often give us a better indication of the intellec- tual tastes of a time than its own new and original productions. These latter speak of the aotivity and capacity of their authors, but do not throw much liuht on the preferences of their renders. When read at all, it is often tho case that they are read from mero curiosity. They aro read because it is desired to see what they are. The peculiarity of tbe taBte whioh guides to the study of the old buoks is that they are rend because it is ulready known what they aro. And whatever is to be said for the new books, it has been well pointed out that un exclusive diet of new books, like tbnt of new bread, lends to mental dyspepsia. We want new books for novelty, for movement, for progress, for obtaining an adequato knowledge of the thought and action in the contemporary world in which we live. But for repose, for contemplation, for culture, for the satisfaction of all those primal and en- during interest« of humanity which abide through the generations, unaltered by all the shock of events or all tbe restless frivolity of superlioial chango, we want the old books-those which have stood their teBts, have, rooted themselves deep in the mental und spiritual life of mankind, and have made themselves a great parfcof that life. And we have very closely felt the intellectual pulse of a period when we have ascertained what amount of time and attention it has, among all the impera- tive claims of the passing moment, found means lu give to loving communion with the spirits of the mighty dead, at they still live and work in the books which muke up the enduring literature of a people. It is on this point that the numerous reprints wo have mentioned supply us with very weloome evidence. Their multitude is so great that it is difficult to know where to begin. Let ue as an excellent sample take the well-known " Camelot " series. In these well-printed, neatly-bound little rod volumes we have some of the great literary masterpieces and works of charm belong- ing to the whole literary life of the race presented to ue for one shilling each. .Tust to run over a few of the titles, we have the " Romance of King Arthur,1' THOHBAU'S " Walden," the "Reliitio Medici," some of the best of "Plutarob's Lives," the "Ethics" of ARIS- TOTLE, the "Reflections of Marous Aurelius," and WHITE'S " Selborne." Several volumes ure devoted to the stately prose of LANDOB and one to the fluent and vivid descriptions of the " English Opium-«ater-," Then there are the delight t ful little volumes of the " Canterbury Poets,1' with their admirable selection and oareful and often scholarly editing, pre- senting us, for example, with that ex- quisite volume, "Sonnets of the Century," for one shilling. Mosers. KOU'JLEDOE, who have been so long and so honourably distinguished by their efforts to popularise standard literature, have done much to this end by the valuable " Univeral Library," edited by Professor HENRY MonLEv/, and containing, besides many stan- dard English works, translations of the Greek tragedians, fables from the Sanskrit, versions of DANTE, KABELAIS, CERVANTES, GOETHE, and SCHILLER. This series is being followed by the somewhat higher- priced '' Carisbrooke Library," from the same publishers and editor, in vvhioh works of a similar rank are presented in a rather better form. Then there is that marvel of ohoapness, . tho " National Library " of Messrs. CASSELL, in which you get neal little booka in puper covers giving in olear good type such works as LUTHER'S " Tablo Talk," " Marco Polo's Travels," LESSINO'S " Nathan tho Wise," and PLATO'S " Banquet," translated bv SHELLEY. The " Aliline " BeriuB of standard poets also deserves mention, Reference may bo made also to tho " ilii.erva " library of " famous books " and the " Mermaid " series of the " best pluys of the old dramatists." As a reprint of a different class we have Professor MASSON's admirably edited complete edition of Du QuiNour, which comes as a valued gift to every student of English in the works of one of ita greatest masters. New editions of SHAKESPEARE issue from the press in porhaps incieusing numbers und variety, ranging trom tho " Sixpenny Shakes- peare," the sole merit of which is its cheapness, to the gorgeously illustrated and ela born toly edited " Irving Shakes- peare," and tho magnificent odition, dearest of all to tho Shnkcspeaieaa i-tudent, the American " Variorum " edition of Mr. FURNESS, which, if ever completed, will form a great and carefully selected library of Shuksperean lore and criticism within the compass of one monumental work. In the case of some of the cheap re- prints we have mentioned we have cited the very low prices at which they are issued. This piice is part of our argu- ment It is so low that for. the issue to pay its cost it must necessarily be very large indeeii. It is only by the enormous multiplication of copie3 that such issues aB the " Camelot " series can poesibly pay their publishers. Since they have been several yeura in co'urae of publication, it is to be presumed that they do pay, and this implies the inl'erenoe of such a circulation of standard, imperishable literature among the people as the world has never seen be I oro. We may carry the argument a step further. Those books have no attructions of novelty or display. They must bo bought that tliey may be reud, and it is a lair conclusion that they are read by great numbers of people in all classes of bociety. And with this evi- dence before us wo may legitimately believe, in spite of the wails of pessimists and the depressing conclusions of those who love to depreciate the time in which they live, that literuture of the noblest order is circulated throughout all classes of the community, und that it is spreading its cultivating and elevating influence to an extent never equalled at uny former period. . i The rising of the Sioux Indiana in tho North-west territory of the United States promises to be one of the sharpest Blruggles engaged in by dying barbarism urrainst the advance of civilisation.' Every day bring« us cabio messages showing tue intensity of the fanatical out- break, and the determination of tho United States to stamp it out in blood. An element of savagery is inevitable in all such struggles us this ; but it it is true, as stated by the American press, that a war of extermination is contempluted, it will bo a terrible stain on the page of American history, if this is to be tho oloBing ohupter in the sLory of the settle- ment of relations vvitti the old possessors of the continent. For these Indian tribes of Dukota, numberibg some 20,000 ' all told, aro the only ones that have retained the old martial spirit of their ancestors, and they deserve a better fute than to bo mown down, men, women, and children, by the rifles of the American armies. All the other tribes of any signiücauce have long ago settlod down to the ways of civil- isation. And in the Indian territory of the tur South, wher_ame two-and-twenty triboB, being fully throe-fourths, o£ whut remuiu of the red men; are located, civilisation, even of a high order, in to be found. But the Dakota« have ever presented an unyielding iront to the advancing tide of civil ¡Ration ; and whether force or gifts wore presented to them, they have regurded all alike as being equally intended to deprive them of their hunting-gtounds and ultimately sweep them off the face of the eaith. From the earliest reoords of tbem these Sioux have been a terror to their enemies. Coming originally from further east, on the other side of the Mississippi, their advance was desolation to the Indian tribes on their track ; and 'ever since their ancestors occupied the terri- tory with which they aie now identified they have been a cauBo of unrest to all tlieir neighbours. Moro than oace they have tried conclusions with the American Government itself, and in the war of bix teen yours ago tliey only evaded destruc- tion by crossing the bolder of their terri- tory into Manitoba and taking shelter under the Union Juck. The conclusion of peaoe restored to them vast reservation» in Dakota, through tho clomenoy of the American Government ; but the impluo uble hostility to the white man han only been slumbering, und now under the joint stimulus of want and fanaticism they have preeipitutod themselves on the neigh- bouring Stute of Nebraska. The fighting since then has been characterised by great ferocity, the soldiers of civilisation showing themselves not a whit behind the red man in relentless cruelly, two hundred and eighty Indian women and children being on one occasion shot down, as we are told by telegram, only six children sur- viving of the entire Indian camp. Five thousand warriors were, the other day, surrounding a settlement into which all the white residents of the country round had rushod for safety; while ten regiments of United States soldiery have, in their turn, invested the position of tbelndians. Theresult of all this ÍB of course easily foreseen, ior the Da- kotas have not the advantage of mountain fuotnesses to flee to for protection, an it is in the other North- western territories; for Dukota is for the most part a land of roll- ing grasny downs and open prairie, and, fierce and determined as they are, they can make but a short resistance to the *'«. sources of civilisation." But there is something exceedingly mournful in the contemplation of the last of a brave race making an heroic stand for oeuntry and for liberty ; foi all it what we may in our ' prejudice or prepossession, this is . patriotism as it has been shown by many a brave people before, whose heroio deeds are emblazoned in history. The Sioux have only too good reason for their belief that the advance of American set- tlement meuuB the dispossession of the Indians of their landa, and the gradual extinction of themselves u a people. They have only too good reason also for distrusting treaties, for despite all the concessions and seeming liberality of tho American Government, the Strict observance of obligations entered into ' with Indians has not been a conspicuous feature ia the relations of the pale face and the red man on the American continent ; and with the dis- trust which this has added to the natural euspiciousncs of the Indiun mind, it is not surprising, that even when hemmed in and threatened with destruction, they have refused to surrender, in fear of treachery. It munt be owned that Amerioa does not show out favourably in this position of affairs ; nnd that, after over a century of intercourse or residence side by side, a largo hection of the original ownors of the country should be still actuated by irremovable suspicion and hostility does not redound to the credit of the superior race for frankness and fair dealing with the Indian. A notable and characteristic element has appeared in this desperate struggle of a dying race. They are cheering themBelvoB with the expectation of a coming Messiah, who is to free thom from the presence of the palo face, and restore to them their bunting grounds in pence. The " Coming of the Ghosts " to the rescue is a peculiarity in this fanatical belief of the Dakotas ; but it seems to bo the obaruoceristio of a dying race, when fute seems closing round them and earth promises no help, to turn their minda to supernatural agency, and to expect the coming of a great deliverer. There is a remarkable parallel ia the ca . who in the wild rites of lluuhuuism, stimulated their flagging energies in the roost desperate hours of their struggle with the Pakeha ; and even now, when war has oeased, tnose of them who still brood over the decline of their race seek to illumine the gloom of their de epondekcy by the ' belief that a great deliverer is coming to restore all things. The Sioux Indians, like the Maoris, have been to an extent evangelised, Roman Catholic and Presbyterian missions having been for a long time in operation among them, mid doubtless a blending of the Christian spiritual kingdom with the idealB of the huppy hunting-grounds has evoked those warrior " ghosts " which are coming to tau rescue of the Indians. This infusion of a religious or supernatural hope, tho last refuge of the despairing, gives a picturesquely sorrow lui tinge to the wild ru-b. of the Sioux Indians on their fate; and all humanity «ill hope that the great American nation will not sully its honour by a merciless treatment of a people who ure already doomed to die. It appears that a onnferonce of represen- tatives of labour organisations in the colo- nies is to be held in Sydney in February, for the purpose of drafting a scheme for the federation of Australasian labour, and that two months later the subject will be again disoussed at an intercolonial labour congresB at Ballarut. These faots go to show how fascinating vague projeots with sounding titles may be, and to what an extent man may be influenced by sentiment, it is well, however, that such a matter us this should be fully debated, and if the congress is to be preceded by a con- ference there should be a better prospect , of reaching well-considered conclusions. Meanwhile, it may be said that the experi- ment of last year was hardly encouraging to tho ndvocutes of lubour federation. The . remark of Mr. FINCH, the cbairmun of the Defence Committee, shortly before the oloBe of the struggle waa : " It would have been bettor if this colony had conducted its own strike matters,'and not have con- ferred with the men in the other colonies. The adjoining colonies had pioved to bo a stumbling-blncli to viotory." It is a pity that the teachings of painful experience should be disregarded. The distinctive feature of the late contest was the exten- sive resort to federal action by the lubour party for the purpose of currying out its ideas. It was tried and failed, und, although this » as one of the chief cauBes of the fuilure of the whole movement, there are indications oía belief that success was missed because tho prinoiple was not pushed far enough. In matters of this nature it is unsafe to dogmatise ; but nevertheless, before any attempt is made to reulise this vision of federuted labour, it would be well to consider, in the light of the past, what the issues of a repetition of tho experiment in the future might be. The ilrst result of such a move- ment would probably be to cnui-e the fede- ration of capital, and so to create an orga- nised resistance of the most effective kind. The next would be to force public opinion to Bupport the federation of capital, because it would bo Been that the feilerution of labour was prnotically an attack upo«, sooiety, and that capital in its resistance Was defending not only its own interests but those of society itself. During the late contest the cry was raised that "trudes-unionUm was in danger." It fell flat, because the public knew that this was not the issue. The public that withheld its sympathy and support from the labour movemont did not condemn trades-unionism within its legitimate lange, but recognibed in the applica- tion of the federal principle an effort by one clasB to dominate all others, and a conspiracy against the liberty and interest of the community as a whole. A similar movement would probably bo seen in a similur uspeot, and lead to like results. Mr. A. W, Tncflusn, in yesterday's Herald, directed attention to the need for reformatories or places of correction for male juvenile offenders. Soma day, per- haps, thiB matter will receive from the Government of the time the practical attention it has eo lonij claimed in vain. It is difficult to believe that the obstaoles which havo shut it out of viow will always stand in the way. Our correspondent asks "why should not the buildings at Rookwood be at once uti- lised P" Perhaps tho initiation of the Rookwood scheme by Sir ALEXANDEB 6IU_BT-well meant as it was-blocked the road to further action, and the difficulty o£ determining what else should be done with those buildings has diverted at- tention from the purpose they were Intended to serve, In the mean- time juvenile offenders are brought before the magistrates, and the magistrates have to choose between treating them in a way that smooths the path to crime and lending them to prixon to graduate in crime under effective teaching. " It was always difficult," said Mr, JOHNSON, the other day, in the caee of two boya of eleven and twelve reapectively. ''dealing with children. There was no reformatory to send them to, and if they were sent to gaol they were contaminated by the older criminals." Mr. JOHNSON ia not the first magistrate who has said this, nor waB the occasion the first by many calling for such a re- mark. But there is a tradition that tho magistrates know little or nothing about these things; and IIB long as tradition rather than experience ruloB, wa may hoar a. repetition of magisterial complaints, and imagine for ourselves the steady growth of ovil which the per- sistent negleot of this matter of urgency and painful interost can hardly fail to promote. The Administrator of British New Guinea has apparently to know something of guerilla warfare ns well as diplomacy. Tho head hunters having tnado a auccess | ful ruid in the western part of his protec- torate, he haB announced his intention of shortly giving them a sharp und unex- pected lesson ; and there is no doubt that ho will keep his word. Sir WILLIAM MAOoitKGon has shown himself a thoroughly humane man, having the intere-ts of the Papuans at heart ; but he has also ehown that, when occasion demands, ho can exorcise his authority firmly, and back it up, if needed, with armed physical force. Ever siuco his advent he has endoavourod to put down the tribal wurfure which is such u promi- nent feature in Now Guinea native life, and, aided by the missionaries, he has to a great extent suouoeded in districts where he could make his inlluence felt. Naturally, in the more uutlying parts this is as yet nearly impossible, as only the coast natives havo come in close contact with the whites, and, as long as the more inland tribes remain addicted to their oannabalistio practices, a certain amount of friction muse take place. As one of the in habitants nuïvely remarked to Sir WILLIAM during his last ollicial tour, " They kill and eat un, and we kill and eat them," and hn went on to explain that until this sort of thing was stopped they would naturully be unable to remain peace- able. It says much, however, lor tho work that has been dune in Now Guinea, that, during such a short time, and with such limited mean", the Administrator should be in u position to undertake to at once copo with an incursion of the wurlike and savage inland tribes. A wholesome und salutary check administered to the inurderously- inoliued Tugarees may per- haps lead them to appreciate the value of pouce, and finully understand the question of federation, which teems to be in the air there as well as on tho mainland of Australia. The episode, uowevor, whether it end peaceably or not, plainly shows what those who know New Guinoa best tilwuys aver, that it is not likely for many loug years to prove au uttruotive or profitable spot for European colonisation on an extended scale. There is no wibh lo exterminate the Papuana and take their country by force ; and unless that is done it seems very plaiu that there is not enough room in our portion of the durk island tor any large number of European immi- grants. AnnANOBsiENTS for the officiai landing of the Earl e£ Jersey, G.U.M.G., the reccntly-appointoJ Governor of New South Waies, have been com- pleted. It is understood that his Excollenoy will cntor Port Jackson early on tho morning of Thursday, January 15, and that tho »hole of tho reception cerotnonios will be completed on the samo day. A Qasette Extraordinary was issuod by tho Premior last night, and this dooument, after announcing the dato of thu new Governor's expootod arrival, goes on to say, " That Her Majesty's . Commission appointing his Excollonoj to witninister the Government of Koiv South Wales and its dopendeaoies will be opened and the usual oaths udtninistorol at Govern- ment House shortly after noon on the 15th instant.' His Excellency having signified his intention of landing at the Princu's Stairs, Semi-Oncular Quay, the Chief Jififtico, mo nber» of the Executive Council, tho judges, mumbors of Parliament, the Civil, naval, and military ollicors, foioign conams, ministers of roligion, the M.iyor and oldonuon of the City of Sydney, and such other of the inhabitant« as may thiuk proper to be probat, are invited to SBSomble at that place to receive his Etcel'onoy on landing, and to lollow in procession to Government II0U39. The way will bo lined fiom the Quay to Govern- ment House by the permanent military oud volun- teer forces, and guards of ho oar will attend at the Quay and at Govornment House. As soon as his Excollenoy landa at tbe Quay a taluto of 17 gutis »iii be fired from the fort, and a tooan I salute of the same number of gun« immediately nitor tho oaths of olllce havo boen administered. Hie Excellency the Right Honourable the Earl of Jor-oy has expressed his inton lion of holding a levee at Govornment House on tho day of li ii landing, at 3 o'olnok p.m. for the purpose of recoiving such persons as may be desirous of being prosonteJ. Gentlemen attending ths levoo aro requested to bring their canis, tn '»; delivered to tho aido-de-camp in nailing, Ad- dresses from public bodies can bo proscntoJ to his Excellency at half-past 2 o'clock, TUB Railway Commissioners have accepted the loader of Mr. W. Richards for alterations to Mitta- gong railway station, the price being £110. A DEPUTATION of eastern euburtian residents recently waited on the Railway Com nisbioners, wita the request that transfer tioketi might bo ifsued to persons travelling between the suburbs namod and the railway station. Wo understand that tue Commissioners, owing to difficulties in the way, cannot comply with ihis requoit MB. J. ROBBBTB, Locomotive Entinoor, and Mr. X V. Moncrieff, the Engineer-in- Ohiof for Railways of South Australia, yesterday completed a brief Fomi- holiday and semi-official viBit to Sydney. These gentlemen had an interview with the Com- misioners, when several matters touobing inter- colonial railway communication wera' discussed. Messrs. Roberts and Moncrieff returned to Mel- bourne on route for Ade aide by last night's oxpress. CAPTAIN ELMSLIE, the master of the sailing ship Sobraon, which is now lying at Melbourne, yester- day interviewed the Premier to once more request the Government of New South Wales to pur- chase this historic ship for use as a training-ship in place of the Vernon. On a previous occasion the Government entertained an idea of securing this vessol for the purpose named, but satisfactory terms could not be arranged. As previously an- nounced, the Sobraon is in every respect suitable for training-ship purposes, and it is estimated that the vessel yet has 25 years of safe life in her timbers and construction. Shortly after the last trans- actions between Captain Emslie and the Government on this subject the Lords of the Admiralty made an offer of H.M.S. Shah to the New South Wales Government ; but it was determined here that the necessary alterations and general unsuitableness of the warship for training-ship purposes would not warrant the Government in accepting the offer. The negotiations between the Premier and Captain Emslie are in abeyance pending an interview between Sir Henry Parkes and the Minister for Public Instruction, whom, said Sir Henry Parkes yesterday afternoon, he had not been able to see since Parliament was prorogued. A NATIONAL Juvénile Industrial Exhibition and Fancy Fair will be hold in the Kxbibition Build- ing at Eoater, nndor the management of Mr Julos Joutiert The Exhibition, which will commença on March 28, and will continuo open until April 11, ¡B intended to BÛOW the great progress m ids during the last decade in all branches of education. Full particulars of the progiammo will be found in our advertising columna. Os Ohrätmas Evo a pleasing ceremony took plaoe at the S.i dnoy ofllca of Messrs. Hylands and Sons, Limited (ot London and Manchester), when the firm's managing colonial reptesentative, Mr. J, B. Pewtress, was preaonted with a testimonial by the firm's New South Wales, Queensland, and Ne« Zealand travellers and clerks, Mr. 0. It, Dunstan made the pre-ontation on behalf of the other employees, and expressed their appreciation of Mr. Pewtreia and his kindly and straightforward treat- ment of them one and all. Mr. Pewtress, ia briefly returning thanks, exjrMBtd hil gratulo»tien ii at having thus won their esteem. The testimonial (which was supplied by Messrs. Elkington and Sons), consisted of a handsome biscuit barrel, salad bowl, and ice pail in mounted oak, suitably inscribed. THE case of EvanB v, O'Connor carno on for argument in the Equity Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Foster. A woek ago his Honor Mr. Justice Foster, on the motion of the plaintiff, granted nn interim injunction for a week restraining the defendant, Daniel O'Connor, Postmastor-General, or lim servants or agents, from forbidding or retarding tho dospatoh through tho post of any future issue of the plaintiff's newspaper. Yester- day tho plaintiff carno into Court and moved to continue the injunction, Tho plaintiff was reprcsentel by Mr. Cohen nnd Mr. IT. Man- ning, and the dofendant by Mr. Pilcher, Mr. 0. B. Stephen, and Mr. A. Knox. After the statement of olaim had been read, Mr. Pilcher demurred to the statement. He submitted that the defendant was sued a» Daniel O'Connor and not as Po3tmastor-Gotioral¡ but that what was done by him wai dono as Poslmaitor-Gcnornl, and tLoroforo Mr. O'Connor could not bo hold liahlo for it. If tho suit was again« tho Poatmaster-Oenoral he contend d that the plaintiff could not go on, as under the claims against the Government Act a nominal dofendant hal to be appoin'cd, and no application had boon made for the appointment of a nominal defendant in tno caso Mr. Cohen, in answor to this submitted, tnat under tho claims against the Government Act a month's notice had to be given, thorotoio it waa not necesa-v in n caae of that kind to bave a n-minai defendant appointed asthore would bo croat d -lay. HÍB Honor roeorvod his decision, vvhioa will in all probability ho dolivored on Wed- nesday or Thursday next N SITTING in chnmbors yesterday, Mr. Justice Owen granted an injuuotion until tho hearing of an equity euit, restraining the Euroka Sanitary Patents Company from oonduoting its woiks for the oromation of refuse so as to bo a nuisance to tho surrounding neighbourhood. Tho plaintiff in tho caso wai the Attornoy- Genornl of Now South Wales on the relation of Mr. John Arkins, Mayor of tho municipality of Hamilton. AT the Wstor Police Court yesterday Sydney Allan Ward, who is serving two sentences of six momba' imprisonment for biiarding-houso thefts, was committed for trial on fivo o her charges of a similar character. Plain-clothos Constables Bond in nn and Carson traced the árdelos, soma of whian were pawned, the rotnamdor being lound in the prisoner'» poesossiqn. Several bedrooms in one boarding-house wero almost completolr denude I of ihoir contents, even to the photographs of the boarders' relatives. Thora ate BÍX oilier charges pending. TUB following report has been submitted to the Inapeotor-Genoral of Polici by Intpootor Lenthall, concrning the licon-ing business of the metro- politan area ' for the yoar endo December ¡31, 1890:-Conditional licenses' applications-granted, 8; refused, 9; withdiawo, 25; postponed ti next qnartor, 1; total, d3. Publican?'now applications -granted, 2 ; lotted, 1 ; withdrawn, 1 ; total. 4. Re- moval of publ cans' licences-granted, 1 ; refused, 1; total, 2. Colonial wine applications-granted, 52 ; reiusod, 12 ; wiihdrawn. 4 ; no parties, 0 ; total, 77. Publican's transfers-eraitod, 845 ; refused, l8 ; withdrawn, 25; no parties, 83 ; ton: ¡21, Publi- cans'licenses tefused, lapsod, &c;, 11 ; re-issuoil to owner undor section 16, A Act, 4; conditional licenses confirmed, 4 : re-issued to owner under Beadon 10, A Aot, where licenno was cancelled in 1889, 1. The following aro the numbers of liconses in actual existence at present, as compared with thnae of 1881) :-Publicans' licenses, December 81, 1889, 85S ; publicans' liconses, December 81, 1890, 852, showing n doorcase of 3, Colonial wine, 170 ; spirit merchants', 119 ; brewers' liconses, 12 ; packet liconses, l8 : billiard liconses, 179. The estimated population of tho city and suburbs last year was 883.Ü0U persons ; it is now 400,'-'0() persons, being an increase of 4J per cent, and gives one hotel to cvory 470 inhabitants, against one to ovary 447 persona in 1889\. _ FnoM Thomas Webb and Sons, of George-street, we have receivod a calendar for 1891. Tlio calendar is one of the art gem scries, and should provo atiractivo and useful.' THE Rov. T. J. CurtiB. of San Francisco, formerly of Sydney, will hnld a special service at the Protestant Hall to-morrow night. THE following it tho report of the Benevolent Asylum for tho week ended January 7, 1891 : - Admitted, 0- women, 7 children ; births, 6 ; iloath, 2 ; discharged, 2 women, 1 child ; remaining in the houte, 08 woroon, 167 children : total, 263. Pro vi.iont distributed, 1670 leavoa bread, 10201b. Hour, 6701b. moat, 6031b. sugar, 12341b. tea, 42ib. sago, 731b. rico, 6Jlb. arrowroot, 671b. oatmeal. Fresh applications for relief, 4, viz., 2 sited destituto women, I widow having 3 children ; 1 deserted wife, with 3 children There wore two re- newals of relief, viz., 1 aged doatituto man, 1 widow having 4 ohildren : total, 6 adults, 10 children. Cases reportod by the inspector, 34 ; in 8 cases tho relief wat discontinued, in one case tho money was discon- tinued, in another the rations wero reduced. 