BISHOP GOE AT DARNUM. OPENING OF THE NEW CHURCH. A SUCCESSFUL CEREMONY. The new Church of England, recently erected at Darnum, was successfully opened on Wednesday, the ceremony being conducted by His Lordship, Bishop Goe, assisted by the Rev. A. Allnutt and Rev. Mr. Nixon. There was a very large company present including many visitors from Warragul, who drove out in a tour- in- hand drag supplied by Mr. Lyons, and several buggies. Friends from Bloom field, Yarragon, and the immediate neighborhood were largely represented, the church being crowded to excess. The church, which is a pretty little edifice of weatherboard, 30ft. long by 20ft. wide, the studs being 14ft. in the clear, the ceiling being 18ft. from the floor, which is of white deal, running right back to the platform, which is 18 inches high by 20ft. long. The lighting is from seven gothic stained windows 7ft. high by 2ft. wide, a dado 6ft 6in. high, and surmounting this is a prettily designed scotia 2.1/2 inches wide, which runs round the church. The porch is 6ft. high. The folding door is in the gothic style, and is 5ft. 3in. in the clear, covered with green baize. The roof is of iron, and is 12ft. 6in., all having a heave of 1 ft. clear; above the porch is a well executed cross. The vestry, when completed, will be 10ft. high by 9ft.wide, and stands directly behind the church. The contractor, Mr. J. A. Wilson, who is a resident of Darnum of nine years' stand ing is to be congratulated the upon efficient manner in which he has carried out this work, it reflects great credit on him, the work being tasteful and substantial. The building only occupied seven weeks in construction. The opening ceremony commenced at half past three o'clock, the Bishop read ing the dedication service followed by the ordinary service; the lessons being read by the Rev. Nixon and the service by the Rev. Arthur Allnutt. The Bishop preached an impressive sermon, based on 42nd and following verses of the second chapter of Acts. He spoke of the delightful picture of the primitive church of Christ before sin entered and marred its beauty, and after making some further comments upon the teaching of the text, he said it was his earnest desire and prayer that they, like the early Christians would manifest a love for the means of grace, that they Would gather together at this new house of prayer and show a brotherly love and an uiselfish sympathy one towards another, and he trusted they might be strengthened and blessed, and by the means thus pro vided, participate in the highest joy which commnunion with the followers of Christ could alone afford. Special hymns appro priate to the occasion were sung by the Warragul Church of England choir, as- sisted heartily by the congregation,. and a collection in aid of the funds taken up by Mr. D. Small at the close amounting to £5 7s. A tea and public meeting was after wards held in the Mechanics' Institute, Cr. Turner presiding at the meeting,:the proceedings being opened with a pianoforte solo by Miss Tyson, followed by "Con sider the Lillies" by Mr. D. Small. The Chairman then on behalf of the people of the district extended a hearty welcome to the Bishop, and said they should all feel grateful to hisLordship for coming such a distance to perform the ceremony. He thought they might congratutate them selves upon the succeessful issue to which the venture had been carried, it was a want long felt and he hoped it would exercise a beneficials influnice. 'Miss L. Lyons sang "The Better Land" and the Warragul Church choir gave an an them, " Come Holy Ghost," with good: effect. Messrs. D. Small and J. Biram were encored for " He wipes the tear." His Lordship then said it gave him very great pleasure to visit Darnum, especially as it was with the object of the opening of a church, because hitherto he had not often been invited to Gippsland for that purpose, and, as the opening of.a new church was: a: distinctly forward movement; it afforded him great encour- agement to be present there. The opening of such churches was the key note to the progress of the church, and therefore he desired to speak to them of different kinds of church progress. There were four forms of church progress-the material, the mechanical the numerical, and spiritual. By the first he meant the erection of churches. etc., and maintained that these constituted the basis of operation, and were so many witnesses for God in the world. By mechanical progress, he meant the process by which the various parishes became more thoroughly and more completely organised, and he was glad to recognise in going about the diocese, that both clergy and laity were more anxious to secure organisation: With regard to the numerical aspect they de- sired to see numbers added to their ranks, and it was for this reason that he always looked forward to the annual statistics giv- ing the number of those who had been confirmed during the year, and also the estimated number of communicants: Both he and Mr. Allnutt looked foward to the church they had erected being well filled every Sunday, which would be en- couraging to the clergyman and a profit to themselves. He advocated efficient singing as an aid, to numerical progress, and in speaking of spiritual progress said he hoped the opening of the church would create a spiritual revival at Darnum. Miss Tyson sang,with pleasing effect the pretty little song "What do the Angels say, Mother." Mr. Morse followed with the song " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep,".which took with the audience, this effort being encored. The Warragul choir contributed another anthem .. I' will lift up Mine Eyes." The Rev. A. Allnut, incumbent of S. Paul's, Warragul, apologised for the non attendance of Archdeacon Langley, and said it afforded him considerable gratifica tion to have taken part in the opening of the Darnum Church. The handsome' building reflected great credit upon those associated with it, and in order that they, as churchmen, might do more good, and be of greater service to each other. in the future, he urged that the different parishes should co-operate more with each other rather than rely upon a: continuance of the present isolated state of affairs. 'If they could only get this idea into their minds they would be able to do more good for the general weal, and the church of God would thereby be made more pro- gressive. (Applause.) '. Misses L. Lyons and Cooper sang with pleasin" effect "Palaski's Banner.". Mr. Schofield followed with the good old song "The Bridge." Mr. David, as secretary of the committee, expressed their gratification at the pre sence of the Bishop, and said the, work they had done had been a labor of love. The committee desired to thank the Bishop heartily for visiting them, and their thanks were also extended to the Warragul choir, who had so ably assisted in bringing that day's ceremony to such a successful termination. The Rev. A. Allnutt proposed a vote.of thanks to the chairman and the ladies who presided at the tables; after which the proceedings closed by. all. singing the National Anthem. Mr. Simmons, organist at: S. Paul's, presided at the harmonium for. the open ing ceremony, and at the piano for the anthems. Miss Bolton, in her usual effi cient manmer, played the accompaniments to the various songs during the evening. 