THE MAGAZINES FOli JANUARY. I Mr Jamos Bryco, M. P., contributes to the Con lemporary Review a remarkable popor, which is oallod " An Ago o£ Discontent.'' Ho seos evidonce overywhoro that men aro moro 'discontented than they wero 80 or dO ¡ oars ago. Then people were restless bul hopeful. And now most of the reforms they longed for havo beon accomplished "Popular govornniont, civil and rohgious liberty, the unity of nach pooplo under a national governmont, havo advanced all along the lino "-yot out of these triumphs has como a fooling of unnorsal discontent Mr. Brjce thinks that this is mainly duo to the necessity of re-ndjusting tho rotations botwoon tho rich and tho poor, between capital and labour, and of doing so undor new conditions which nobody thoroughly understands. Sir Moroll Mackenzie's papor on " Koch's Treatment of Tuberculosis " has tho groat mont of luoidit.. Hie roodor who IB un- acquainted with modical scionoo has tho wholo thing oloarlj explained to him. fair Moroll Maokonzio suma up as follows - I believo that Koch's fluid is on ogont of the highest possiblo valuo for the " dotcction" of tuborclo, aromedy of groat potency for certain of the slighter mnmlcsta HoaB of tuberculosis, a palliative for some ot tho dis- tressing symptoms of tho sovoror forms of tho discaso, und n deadly poison in advancod or unsuitublo casos Probably whon moro is known us to its mode of action it will bo possible to do moro good by its moans, with loss risk of harm, than is tho caso at prosont. A wider sphere of usofulnosa will, no doubt, be openod up to it whon practitioners havo learnt how to combino other mothods of treatment with it to tbo best udvantaf,Of A fow months ago, Professor ïillmanus, of Lotpiur; performed tho unique aurgi-iil io it of removing a lung which had become hopoloasly diseased Iho putiont n covered not only from tho oporation, but from tho diaoaae and in a fow months had loat tho appearance of an Invalid to suoh an citent that Dr lillmuuns failed to rocogniBo him whon ho called Ibis caso Booms to mo to opon up great possibilities for tho combination of Koch's treatment with surgery, but speculation on this tempting aubjoct would toko us too far nliold " Behind tho Scono3 in Parliament," by Mr. Joinings, M P., is a sprightly and vivacious de- scription of the innor lifo of tho House of Com- mons. Dr Abbot writing oo " Tho Early Lifo of Cardinal Newman," bringa out in a vory striking way tho entire mastery whioh dogma, as dogma, always had ovor Now nan's intolloct Everybody interostod in social quosttons ought, wnother or not ho azroos with the writer, to read Mr. I! Anderson B artiolo on " Morality by Aot of I'arha mont." Mr. Anderson starts with tho proposition that tho habitual criminal can noithor bo dotorrod nor rcformod, and does not shrink from tho logical conclusion that ovcry habitual criminal should therefoie bo scntoncod to life long imprisonment, or, at losst, lifo-long polioo eupnnnion, Thus ho thinks " organised and systematic crime might bo stamped out in a singlo gonoration " In tho Nineteenth Century tho Duke of Argylo replies vigorously to Profossor Huxley's recont attai-ks on tho biblical account of tho Dolugo Ho nrguoB thit tho physical dilliculti03 may all be got ovor by supposing a substdonoj of tho land The articlo is disfigured by ita aorimonj, and much of it is moro purposoloHS railing, Gonoral Sir W. F. D Jervois has a most Fonsiblo article on " Homo Bulo for tho Navy." Ho would givo up tho dofenc9 of all navy entions ontiroly to tho N ivy itaolf Mr David F Scliloss, who ia an oxport on Past End " awoating " ivritos on " Tho Jew as a Work mao " It is romarkab o that tho .Tows in towns aco^rding to Mr. fcchloss gonorally otnorge from tho lowost stratu i of povorty, whilo Englishinon do nob llioro aro moro or loss interesting ornólos on " The African Forest," by Lioutonnnt Stairs, on " Gorman Labour Colonies,' by Lord Moith and on " Hypnotism ond Cn no," by Di Kingsbury , but on tho wholo Iho number is a decidedly dullono In tho New Review Mr. William Morris and Mr. H. S Salt speculate as to the effect of Socialism on art and literature Mr Morris believes that art would flourish greatly in a Socialistic community, bocause evory handicraftsman would look to his work and not to its price and because the capitalist would not be permitted to destroy tho beauty of nature Socialism, according to Mr. Salt, would also do much, positively and negatively, for litera- ture. While all nocoasary writing work, journalistic, clerical, official, and the Uko, would bo organlsod and paid on tho samo scalo as any othor, there would bo an end to the oxlstonco of a solf-appomtod literary class, except, possibly, whoro tho possession of real talent gave promiao of publio utility Henceforth thora would bo no idle rich gentlemen, who, for ahoer Inok of anything bettor to do, would cumber tbo world with translations from Horace or Heine, or dis- sertations on art, or volumes of truvuls, or (that last lndirnlty) thoir own " réminiscences " lhere would be no poverty-stricken quilldrivers, corn pelled, in deflance of tho inward monitor and the public neglect, to "dree their weird" to tho bitter and, and write the more becausn they wnto in vain Incalculable would bo iho boncflt of tbo moro lessoning of tho nutnbor of published books, and a fair field would thus bo oponod for thoao authors who aro attracted to writing bv a nnturul and apontanoous aptitude It was long ago discovered by tbo poet Ovid that tho best remedy for blighted love is regular occupation, and it may safely be surmised that tho blighted litterateur would be directed, in a Socialist community, to find comfort in tho same infallible prescription Mr. F. Greenwood's remedy for " Tho Revolt of Labour" is that tho statesmen of both parties should tell tho people that no State interference between labour and capital is desirable But sup pose tho people do not believe these statesmen ? In " A Census of Hallucinations," Professor Sidg wick tolls many "orcopy" ghost-stories. A papor by Professor Max Müller ou " Chr annuity and Buddlusm" ebon Id not be passed ovor. 'Ino main attraction in Harpers Magazine witt bo the papor in whioh Mr. do Blowitz, tho limes' Paris correspondent, tolla how ho became a jour- nalist. Tho fronk solf-complaconoy of tho writer ia most amusing, but ho has roally something lo toll, and tolls it woll. Hero ia a striking picture o£ a fomalo prisoner just nttor tho Oommuno atrugglo m Pans - Showas ono of tho most beautiful woinon I have oiorseon. Hor long black trossoo foil over bor bare shonldorB, and na »ho bud torn her dross to shreds not to wear tbo clothoa of tho " accursed Vorsuilluis," you oould »co hor nnkod body through tho rent« She was tall and grucolul, nnd on sooing visitors approaching she roared hor head proudly, Uko a war-horao about to noigh Hor bright ovos glistened, a blush overspread har foco She compressed bor lips, ground hor tooth, and burBt into a shrill, doflant, vindictive laugh whon aho tocognisod tho offloor of tho prison who accom- panied us In the last »trugglo of tho Commune »ho lind boon fighting at the Bide of her lovor. 8ho had soon him fall, and, armed with a dagger, had rushed upon the captain who had j not tnkon tho barri- cade, and furlouslj stabbed bim, pluniring hor weapon »gain and again into hir vlotlm. Before she could bo removed from bia body ehe hod out, bit, und torn it with all tho fury of nhvona Sha was taken to the prison covered with blood, which sho had dubbtod ovor hor body and olothos bho had to bo bound and gaggod boforo »ho would BIIOW tho blood to bo waohod off. Ilidoout I Anothor noUworthy papor ia ono by Mr, P. Anstey, of "Vice Versa" famo, on "London Musio Halls." Thoro is really exquisite humour in his description of a ballet dance, Mr. W. D. Howells tries to persuade us that a new pootosa of. singular power has come out in Amorioa, Hero aro Borne of hor versea : t taste a liquor novor browed, From tankards scooped in pearl; Not all the vats upon the Rhine, Yield suoh an alcohol ! Inohriato of air am I, And debauohce of dew, Heeling, through endlos» Bummer days, From inna of molten blue. When landlords turn tho drunken bee Out of the foxglove's door, When butterflies ronounco their drams I shall but drink tho moro I Till soraphs swing thoir Bnowy hats, And saints to windows run, To soo the little tippler Leaning against the sun I If thoso linos aro a fair spocimon wo can only say that Amorioa is hoartily wolcotne to hor new pootoss,' An artiolo oa "Southern California" should have spocial intoro3t for Australian loaders, bocauso it gives a full description of tho various aystoms of irrigation tried there. Tho American Minister in France oonda to tho Confur!/ Magazine a first instalment of tho "Talley- rand Memoirs," which, wo confoss, a little disap- point us ; in foot, they only just oscapo boing dull, and thoy toll ua nothing that was not well known long ago. " A Romaneo of Morgan's Rough Riders" is an exciting story of cavalry adventures during the late war. Mr. Rockhill, who has travollod through places previously unknown to whito mon, givo3 us a most interesting acoount of " Tho Mongots of tho Agasi Lake." The whole magazine, we should add, is boautifully illuatratod. The ohiof foaturcs of Bcribner's Magasine are a paper on the "PIgmios" of Central Afrioa, by II. M> Stanley ; ona oa Japan (finoly illustrated), by Sir Edwin Arnold ; tho first instalment of a humorous story by F. II. Stockton ; and an ox oellontly illustrated article on Australia. Tho boot thing in Lonomaii's ATaoasin« ia a short story by W. G, Norris, oallod "An Innooont Oboperon." Thoro is also an artiolo on " Hot Orchids," which horticulturists will bo glad to study. ? ' The short papors and stories in the CoruAUl aro nil good. Ono gives an account of a ourious " Soorot Roligion," practised by n certain tribo of Arab Follahoen ; ' anothor, tho subjeot of whioh is " Wintor on Exmoor " will bo intorosting alike to Devonshire men and to all readers of Blaokmoro's famous "Lorna Doone," Ohamlers's Journal contains, as usual, ' many short papers on out-of-the-way Bubj'oota. One on " Somo Early Colonial Nowspapors " givos an account of tha Sydney Gacotis and Now South Wales Advertiser, tho first paper published in Aus- tralia. Harper's Tbuiiff People has a good fairy story, a good Indian otory, and plonty of funny illustrations. St, Nicholas gives tho story of a littlo girl's visit to tho moon, and boya will enj'oy " Tho Boy SottlorB." In Tho Sun thoro is a story by Mrs. Oliphant, and tho whole mogazino is well adapted for family reading. 37io Leisure Hour is continually improving. Tho prosont number contains tbo first of a Borios of papors on " Tho Statesmen of Europe." Tho Btorloa of " Tho English Shiroe " aro also ox tromoly well dono. .With tho Hoys' Oion Paper is givon a largo coloured pialo of all tha uniforms of tho Britisli cavalry. Tho Btoiios of thrilling ad vonturo aro all that boya oould desire The con- tents of the Girls' < um Paper aro, as usual, judiciously vnriod, A paper on "Christian Art in the Fifth Century " should bo notlcod. Professor Sayoo's papers on " Sooial Life among tho As- syrians and Babylonians " oontinuo to form ono of the main attractions of the Sunday at H»me, which othorwxBo is up to ita oustomary high standard of merit 