LADY OBE I'WY1D'S SPECTRE. CHAPTER XXXVIII.; . A DEFINITE DECISION. She waited a little till the tide of shop girls began to move along I Piccadilly towards Regent circus and then with heart throbbing wildly she t arose and unfastened door, and stole into her private parlour, bag in hand. She could hear Mrs Crowl breathing 4 heavily. She crossed the floor and let herself out into the orridor. Gilbert li Monk was sleeping in his room, and h old REgee was :.lo sleeping in the a chamber opposite unuspicious of the a fact that her prey was escaping her. - Bernice glided down the stairs un , noticed. She paused in the lower hIll; The door of the private entrance was open and a boy was engaged in scour ing the stone steps. As Bernice ap-' ,eared he straggled out into the strset. to speak to a ;passing shop boy and young Lady Obetwynd passed out at the open door into the street unchal,. longed, CHAPTER XXXIX. A P3oR HAVEN OF REFUGUF ]B3rniee had so clearly defined plans on leaving the hotel,and the protect:on of Gilbert Monk and Mrs Crowl. 'bhe know no one in London. She knew nothing and suspected nothing of the wickedness that lurks on every side in the great metropolis. In her iunocence and ignoranco she felt as safe in ?,ndos as she would have left in the ocean bound isle of St Kilda. She had money, and in her simplicity she ima. gined that she would easily find a home in that wilderness of houses.',. But how to find the desired home she did not yet know. She joined the tide of shol-.girls, and walked on. to wards Regent circus in the gray chill of early morning. The shop shutters were being taken down shop windows and steps cleiurd, and shop floors being sprinkledl snd swept. It was all a now and strange e.porience to Ber nice. It seemed to her like another world from that she had always dwelt iil. These shop girls for the most part were tawdily clan, wearing thin shoes' and gray hats ornamentes with profusion of featies, flowers, and ribbons, with cheap alpaca gowns trimmed with flounces fringes, and overskirta and sashes, were strsngt beings to Berniee. These women lived in a hard toiling world of their own, and into/that world Bernice had now-e tered. It did not ccuro to her thalthough the pitied, thema ow, the time might come when she would envy them. Sheentered Regent cirus, till hurried along with the tideof shopwomen, and walked slowly through the Quadrant into lgent street. She was very tired now, and her dressing bag had grown intolerably heavy. She shifted it from onehand to the other, and moved on wearily, longing for a place in which to sit down and resl. Alittle furtier on she found the , desired resting place. It was a pastry i cook'I shop with big iced cakes in the window, and an air of pretention about it. It was a shop much frequented by ladied at a later hour of the day. At thisearly hour its patronage was not not less extensive, although not so aris tocratic, for shop women were coming out and going in. and Bernice entered the doors in the wake of a merry group of shopgirls. There was a long counter laden with cakeh of every description. In the rear partlof the long room were a few small tables, and women were clustered aboht these eating hot buttered rolleand drinking coffee. The pastrycookcs shop depfnded even upon these cheap early custom than upon the later aristoratic patronage, and many of this toiling women and girls, leaving their lodging seearly had no other breakfast than that thus stforded. Bernice made her way to one of the tables and gave an orders which was easly executed. She lingered over her simple break fast resting and thinking but at last as the shop attendants began to regard her curiously she paid her bill and arose and made her way into the street. 'An omnibus was passing at the instant. The driver interpreted her look at him as a signal; and drew up atfthe kirb.. Bernice hesitated a secotid and then entered the vehicle. This was her first ride in an omnibuse; but Lord Chetwynd had explained to her during their stay in London, so soon after their marriage, the entire system of stage and underground railway communication in the over grown, metroplie, and Bernice was now not at all bewildered or alarmed. She recognized Trafalgar square and the Nelson monument, the National Gallary and the Royal Acad:.nny which hones of art she had visited with the marquis and then .the omn iblis rolled into the Strand. People entered and left the vehicle at various p;oints, but Bernice maintained her place. At Temple bar early as was the hour.occurred the customary stoppage the passage being narrow and the veh icles numerous. The progress through FIEet street was necessarily slow and the morning was well on, and business wv?s awaking up, when the omnibus a aLddted& through St Paul's ,Churchyard , and approached the Poet offiie.' The two or three passengers be-ides Bernice alighted here and she foltowed their.example:. She knew that she was far away from Piccadilly and Gilbert lonklbut a desire seized upon her to increase the distance and to hide herself in some pleasant cleanly suburb where her little hoard of money would pay her expenses until she could pro. oure a situation. SWith this idea, she signalled another omnibus, and entered it. She had a long ride before her now, and during a portion of the way she had the vehicle to herself. But in the course of time even the long ride ended, and Bernice was on foot and in Kentieh Town. She wandered on, bearing her travel ling bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom she met appeared absorbed in their own affairs and bestowed scarcely a passing giance upon the veiled and slender young figure that trudged so wearily on ward. 'It is time that I found lodgings,' thought Bernice, with a norrible sense of her loneliness creeping upon her. 'I must procure them immediately. It would be terrible to have the day wear on and the night come and find me shelterless.' SBut the task was not so easy as it seemed. Here were placards in plenty in windows, signifying that the houses to which they pertained were to be let and there were little yellow bills and pieces of white paper in the other windows, with the legened, 'dppart slents to let; but the houee were for 'ost part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging houses, and Bermoe recoiled from the frowsy heads at the windows, the broken penes of glus, and slipshod maid on:the steps. She turned from one street into another;growing more tired and less fastidious at every step, and at last the even stopped at one of the dingy 4nd most cheerless house she had. yet teen and inquired for lodgings. f h?fiTdiTighouse-keeper-a heavy; eapressionless woman, with fierce,over anging cheeks, an evident devotee of achtius-demanded in a thick voice hegirl's reference. Onlearning that rnire could refer to no one she eriaed to hear her further, and turned er away with scornful words that Sade young Lady Ohetwyna's face burn t a haughty indignation. Bernice resumed her search or shelter it this first lodginghouse keeper was seranple of a dozen to whom she ppliedduringthe long weary morn i At noon, nearly exhaused, she went it a pastry cooks shop and asked for "lL)Al of tn tad a roll, 'Ihe- w-ere supplied her, and on paying her small bill, she inquired if lodgings were to be obtained in the neighbourhood, adding that she was a stranger in London and could not give references. 'There are lodgings to be had in the neighbourhood, miss--plenty on 'oin, replied the shop keeper;'i.uc reference. are generally required. Some lodging housekeepers may be willing to take, pay in advance ins.ead. A young girl like you oughtn't to ba hunting lodgings by herself. You surely ought lodgingsby he somewhere.' I to have friends are dead,' said Bernice, her lips quivering. 'My father was I minister of a Scottish kirk. I am alone in the world, madam, and am come here to earn my own living. 1 want to seek lodgings while I seek a situation as govern, ss. 'I believe in you, mise,'the woman said abruptly, after a long ses?ehing scrutiny of the lovely, half shaded face 'and I'll tell you of a respectable lodg inghouse where you may get a room. It's round the corner in Victoria roaid, and it's kept by a very good customer of mine -a woman that's made a pretty penny. The woman's name is Mrs Sharp If you pay in advance and t'1l her Isont you which my name is Gibbons, I know she'll do well by you-as long as your money lasts, and you can't expect strangers to do for you no longer, you know miss.' Bernice assented obtained the ad dress of Mrs Sharp, and then thanking the shopkeeper set out in search of the lodging house. Turning the adjacent corner,Bernice found ;herself in Victoria road-a dingy-street lined with rowsof dull brick houses. Here, as elsewhere, were plenty of apartments to let, but young Lady Ohetwynd passed on to Na 42, Mrs Sharp's residence. It was the corner house of the row, and presented a brighter and cleaner appearanct. than its neighbours. The stone steps were very clean; and windows were all spotless, and the brass knocker was polished like gold. Bernice sounded the knocker twice or thrice heavily, A servant.maid admitted her anto a very narrow hall, and Bernice asked for Mrs Sharp. The maid ushered Lady Ohetwynd into a small parlour and hurried away to her mistress. Bernice's gaza wandered about the room. Its aspect was chdl,cold,harren, and prim, and the very essence of respectability pervaded it. A heavy step was heard in the narrow oilclothed hall, and Mrs Sharp entered the presence of her visitor. Bernice arose and bowed courteously, stating the object of her call. Mrs Sharp listened without speaking. 'So .Mrs Gibbons sent you to mel' she observed, scanning Bernice with cold searching eyes. -.'And-you havo no reference ? I pride myself miss, upon the respectability of my house. I must keep up the reputation I have established for my house. and Mrs Gib bous knows, that references is what I demand especial.' 'But I au a stranger in London,' said Bernice, with gentle sweetness and a shadow of pleading in her fresh young voice. 'lam very tired, ma dam,and I long for place in which I can rest. My father was a minister of the Kirk. He has recently died. I must earn my own living as a governess and it will be of advantage to me to give as my address a very respectable lodging house. I will pay you in advance.' 'I prefer gentleman,' said Mrs Sharp showing signs of relenting; 'they can get alil their meals, but Ibreakfast out. 'I am willing to get my own meals madam.' 'If you can wait on yourself, and cook your own meals not in my kitchen though- and can pay in advance, and 'have no company, and live quiet, and are not out evenings, why, then,' said Mrs Sharp, I don't know but I'd con sent to take you in. But one thing must be understood; when your money is gone, you must go away quietly without a word, I don't support poor lodgers, nor take care of sick lodgers. Is that a bargaini' 'Yes,' said Bernice 'I agree to all this.' 'Then you can come this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee on. Iou can get meat roasted at the pastry cook's. Will you look at your rooml' 'If you please madam. ]-I should like to stay now,' said Bernice bravely though her cheeks flushed. 'Indeed!' exclaimed Mrs Sharp sus. piciously. -'Where is your lug. gage1' 'All I have is in this bag,' answered Bernice. I am poor madam 'Hunl! I shoule thing so. Where did you stay last nigutl How longthave you been in Londoni Where you come froml' - 'I come from Hebrides isiande,' answered Bernice with sweet girlish dignity. 'I have been in London but a day or two, and stopped at a hotel' 'What hotell' Bernice was silent; Her gsate did not fall under the keen scrutiny of her inteirrogator,and though her sweet pure sweet steadfast eyes shone the innocent and inbred nobleness and purity of her nature, Mrs Sharp was a keen reader of faces, and she knew that -Bernice was what she seemed-a true and noble lady. But then why did she refuse to tell where ihe had okdged on tohe previous nightl 'I see,' she said sharply. or rai way from your hotel miss.' The girl started Her lt b`P trayed her. Mrs Sharp smiletd 0ia phantly, 'You see I cannot be deel d,'Ssi the woman delight d at her owr.sk$e nestl You rin away from ot hotel to avoid pyoyng your hill.? r box may be there in limbo. I kno the world. I've seen lots so h peoopl; but such game won't w rkwi ome. Mlly roots is sixteen sh ;iog a week in advance and no money note That's my motto. Now if you wat to see the room come up.' Bernice assented, and Mr Sb led her up three narrow fligh of stairs to the fourth floor, and uehtd her into the front room, a large vlt ment with there window lookin doss upon the street, i'here was saiesr blackened grate and fender, an the paint ard furoitre were clea na well polished. But there were i curtains, and few if aUy comforts ,' yond the barest necessaric of existe There was a neat white bed. a nely covered chintz louhgc, a big chaI two, a table, and the inevitable c fonier. f But bare as was the room roicee looked upon it as a very hees of refuge. 'lt is all in order,' she oberved. 'Why may I not remain here nowv Here is the first week's rent. ,,he producta her pocket bool, and took from it a sovereign. Mril Sharp saw that more money rem.ited in the purse, and consented to all v her lodger to remain. She took tie gold and tested it between her teet, and produced to make the proper ce' nge. 'I don't know where to get I spirit lamp,' said B:,rnice hesitatinglJ. 'I I never went irnto a shop alone. Would you not kindly send a servant upon a few errands for me umadam! I am will ing to pay for tlhe favour.' I 'I don't want any pay for allowing the maid to go, but if you choose to pay her that your affair and here. I will send her up to you,' said dIrs Sharp, with unwonted graiousness 'But this is only an extra favour miss and I can't allow her to go again-not for eixteen shillings a week.' 'Would you allow her to make my purchases if I were to pay an addition anuml' asaed Bernice shriniking from visiting the butcher's, and greengrocer's and oilman's: Mirs Sharp consented to this,oncondit ion receiving an additional two shillings per week to indemnify her for the loss of her maid's servicer during several minutes each day. The youthful mar. chioness paid the demand, and the lodginghouse keeper retired, soon send. ing up her housmaid.. .... This young woman had an honest. trust worthy face and Bernice liked her. She consulted with her in regard to her wants, and gave her a sovereign to expend for her in materials of house keeping. The young woman departed and was absent an hour, hut finally returned with her arms full. She was followed by a small boy who carried a basket full of stores. 'I've got everything that you men tioned miss,' she observed and some thin, that you did not speak oa. There's the Times as you was so particuliar to have. I did not buy it; I hired it till evening. Its been hired out all the morning, and was just brought back. Here's the faggots for the fire, and chill it is, and I'll kindle a little blaze-you look so cold and tired. I've ordered in a hundredweight of coals, to be put into your closet yonder. And here is bread, and a cold roasted foal, and hams, and tea and coffee, and a tin of biscuits, and some shrimps and winkler, anda teakettle and a spirit lamp, And here's nine shillings left.' Bernice bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the servant, who hastened ; to make up a bright fire, and to wheelrup a big chair before it, and to fil the teakettle and set it on the hob. imrnice took possession of the big chair and read over the columns of the .ifes. She had imagined that a situatila as governess would be readily founl; oat she saw no advertisement in the pper that would suit her. 'I'll adertise myself,' she tieht, suddenly, the idea striking her)kon inspiration. 'i will write an I advertisement saying just what Ic do. Surely among all the millions of Englishpeople some one will want s,' She brooded over the idea while the housemaid made her tea nnd placedhe few edibles on the bare table. \Vea the girl was gone out, Bernice drnk her tea and ate a portion of cold foeIl with evident relish, and then arole with a small gold pencil on her ehin upon a pieceof wrapping paper hs had enveloped the sugar, a notics ran as follows: SWanted--Bya young lady tri. u references, an orphan and a strano its London, a situatnion as gorees Understands Englilsh, Frenclh, German, music, drawig, anl dan i. t~suld accept a very small a I Address ;liss G., Times oeice,' It seemed to Bernise that this a e tisement could not fail to secor le situation she desired,and she decide to put it in three of the morning pa In the course of the afternoon e called upon the house maid, and folded her plans to her, and theyeD woman undertook to procure the 0 sertin of the advertiseonentin tin t papers mentioned. She promi 1 convey the notipea that ev ey ir to theoffices of the journals, and B]er- r nice placed the necessary money in her hands. : When the housemaid had retired, young Lady Chetwynd counted over the I contents of her puree with a sigh. The r sum she had thought so large only that morning was slipping through her finuers with unpleasant rapidity. 'I must get something to do before it is all gone,' she thought. 'At any ra'e Ihave found a safe and respectable shelter. I will econmize in my food, and hkoe my money go as far as may be. There must he no more fowls, no meat. And whatever my privations and poverty, 1 am not dependent upon any one now but myself. Gilbert can no longer expect me to love him, or to marry him. Pcor Gilbert ! My true and only friend, whose only fault is that he loves me too well. But Roy's wife must not be loved by any other ard she lifted her smail head proudly. The woman who has been Roy's wife must be true to the memory of that glorious period in her life! I have discovered that Icannot be supported by G:lbert Monk without cnmpromiss ing myself that is what Mrs Growl said -or laying myself under obligations to him which i can never repay. And so I shall support myself. Poor Gil bert! I wonder if he hasbeen search ing for me to day. I wonder what he is doing now. CIIAPTEIR XL. A CHEERLESS STRUGGLE. Young Lady Chetwynd did not venture forth from her new quarters during the two or three days following her arrival Kentish Town. She made no acquaintances in the house. Indeed the other lodgers in the house were all struggling professial people, with no time to spare, and no thought of their fellow inmates. Bernice was known to Mrs Sharp as Miss Gwyn. The gir' had thought of again changing her name but believed herself as secure under the name of Gwyn as under any she might assume. These two or three days of seclusion were not spent by Bernice in mcping nor idleness. She nursed her sprained wrist, which though still weak, was growing better and stronger with every hour. She studied the daily papers, and replied to advertisements. but replies received no attention whatever. It seem as if no one wanted a gover ness'without references.' On the second day after she had procured its insertion Bernice's adver tisement appeared in three of the leada ing morning papers. The friendly I housemaid procured copies of the paper in question, and Bernice read and re read a hundred times the simple notice of her want, and wondered how many people besides herself had seen and would read it, and out of many who might read it how many would reply r to it. She waited impatiently all day, not venturing to leave the house alone and unattended yet' solicitous to receive any possible replies to her notice. In i the evening the housemaid induced by a iilere.l gratuity, made the tour of the sewspaper offices, and returned with a dcz.n or more letters addressed to 'Yiss G,' Bernice had lighted a lair of tall wax r candles-an extravgauce she had per. I mitted herself in expectation of coming prosperity-and the soft, mellow light feul upon the table at which she was sitting. Voung Lady Chetwynd started up from her easy chair, her proud dark face flushed with eagerness and hope, as the girl catered her presence. 'All for mel' she questioned, her eyes glowing. Ah,there are kind hearts everywiere. There are a dczen homes at least, offered me to choose from.' The maid laid down her packet of letters, and soon after withdrew. Ber nice drew the letters into her lap and was about to engage in their perusal, when after a preliminary knock on the door, her prim sharpfeatured landlady entered the room. 'Susan told me that you had received a lot of answers to your notice in the papers, Miss Gwvn,' said Mrs Sharp, in a not unkindly manner, and betray ing a fair share of curiosity, 'and I have made bold to come in and look over the letters with you. You are but a young thing, and you know no more of the evil that is in the world than my white kitten does. There are all kinds of wicked people in London and I know that the cloven foot will peep out of some of them letters you've got there. You needn't flush up so miss. I'm telling you the troth. You had better trust a woman old enough to be your mother. I'ma hard woman I oaen, but I should hate to see an innocenL young girl wllk straight into an evil trap.' Her manner and tone impressed Bernice. She invited Mrs Sharp to be seated, and accepted her advice with a real gratitude, and then opened the letters one by one, and read them aloud, Mrs Sharp passing judgment upon them. It was well for innocent young Ber nice that she had accepted the assistance of her hard headed, shrewd landlady. Out of the dozen letters two were di. rect insults, couched in terms so coarse and unmistakable that Bernice, with burning cheeks, tossed them into the tire, and three others were none the less insults becaused they were expres sed in flowery, delicate language; yet Bernice did not detect the serpent's venom in those Until Mrs Sharp pointedit out to her, Zd of thi remainder of the listthree were simply circulars from governesses' agencies. and offered to procure the desired situation upon payment of a certain fese varyingfrom twenty shillings to twenty guineas, accoroing to the pecun iary compensation required. The remaining letters, four in number were all genuine answers, and Ber nice studied them with the uttermost earnestness. One was from the widow of a naval ofticers living at Brompton, who had seven children and desired to find a governess who was a'rigid disciplinar ian.' Her boys were rude and un governable, she was frank enough to state, and their instructress must be accustomed to the management of wayward boys. The writer of this letter appeared oblivious of the fact that 'Miss G.' had declared herself 'without references,' for she had laid great stress upon requiring 'the most unexceptionable testimonial. as to the charac:er and ability.' 'That won't do,' said Bernice sighing wonder why that lady writes, when she knows I will not suit her.' , The next letter was from the wife of a City tradesman and stated that she required a nursery governess salary twenty.p3uuds a year; but references were indispensable.' The next letter was of similar pure port and was thrown aside as equally unavailable. The last letter was from a lady principal of a small school for girls at Islington, but equal with the other s writes was oblivious of the terms of the advertisement and demanded'firat class s references.' I 'So many letters,' said Bernice, bits torly, 'and nothing in them 1 I was sure I had selected a situation when r the letters came. 'I did not think you would receive a l single letter, Miss Owyn,' remarked Mrs Sharp. 'I've had ladies here a before that advertised for a place and they never received even one answer, beyond them circulars of agencies.' SI must apply to them to-morrow, I suppose,' sighed Bernice. i 'And little it'll do you miss. 'I ad. I vise you not to waste any more money r in advertising.' 'Is there anything I can do without t being called upon for references?' 'Are you a skillful millinerl an you make dressesi Have you any trade. Do you understard any kind of hand I workl Nol Then your chance is a slim one. A genteel fine lady without a trade, and without money, and with. y out friends is a helpless object indeed. r I'm sure I don't know what it is to bee come of you. You can't expect me to e keep you longer than your money I last.' 'd Certainly not.' o 'I work hard for my money,' pursued Y Mrs abherp in an aggrived voice, 'and I won't pay for a proof to shelter them as is too fine or too lazy to work. d That's what I won't,' e There was'a light in her cold, hard t eyes before which Bernice shrank bacn Y afraid. She saw that the woman lid e not intend toloec money by her, but she did not resent Mrs Sharp's manner. D On the contrary she spoke in a subdued sorrowfnl voice as she answered 'I went work madam and I am will ingand anxious to work. Can I not learn a tradel Can I not learn to t make bonnets or dresses?' a 'Who is to apprentice you and pay 1 the necessary premiuml I don't see anything before you but to become a maid of all work and what lady would want a finer lady in her kitchen than herself? I've been speaking of you a miss to the curate's lady below stairs s and she thinks as you've run away from home or school. or something, and as I am wicked to harbour you. I advise, you, if this is the truth to write to your I friends and let them take yca away.' 'I wees never at school in .ny life,' said young Lady Chetwynd, 'and I have n: home and no friends,now that my parents are dead. Oh this world is very hard to the poor and friendless! There seems to be no place in it for me ' 'There's always a place for the helnless -in the union,' said Mrs Sharp, grimly. 'Your money'll soon be gone, and then will come the almsehouse, or a return to your fiends, if you've got any. You can think over what I've said, and when your funds get low you can decide what you will do.' 'I should like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance,' said Bernice, her face very white, and brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes. 'I should hke to make sure of a shelter as long as possible.' She paid the necessary amount, and Mrs `harp wrote her out a receipt, writing materials being upon the table. The land lady then withdrew, and Bernice wasleft alone to herself. And now began for young Lady Chet wynd a struggle for existence, such as is endured by mjay a high bred and educated young woman, and which involved sa much of suffering, of'hope deferred,' and and of bitter anguish, that one recoils fro n recording it.' Upon the next day after the reception of the vain answers to her advertlisement Bernice visited a governess sgehcy, paid a handsome fee to have her name at d requirementsregisiered,and then returned home, But she did not place her reliance entirely upcn the agency. She answered adverasements personally and by letter. She had grown very brave now, and scarcely shrank from toilseome journeys to Brompton, to Sydenham even, or the West end, But Mrs Sharp had been right. No one desired to employ a young woman aithout credentials, and whose very breed I ing, refnement, and education declared her to have been tenderly and delicately nurtured. In addition to these ezpeditionspBoanioe J sought needle wo k in the shop of Kentish Town; and then she learned whet an army of poor women there was who made shirts and roats, and did all manner of shopwork at starvation prices, and she could not compete with them, because they were skilled, and -he did not know how to sew these things, and she had no one to teach her. She wore out her obhoes, and was obliged to replace them with another pair,although she could ill spare the money. She had not indulged in the luxury of meat since her firstday in Victo-ia road. Little by little she narrowsed the list of her neces series, until her daily repasts consisted of bread and tee in an unvarying round, She gave up her fires, although her room was damp and chilly and cheerless. She restricted herself to one candle in the evening and that a tallow one. Yet newspapere must be brought for in them she hoped find an advertisement suited to her And when in consequence of the chill in her room, she took cold, she was obliged to buy cough medicine at the chemist's, and thus more money, was unavoidably spent. Thus day after day and week after week passed. April gave place to May, butlittle sunshine strayed into Victoria road Kentish Town and not a single ray penetrated the 'fourth floor frontof No 42. During three weeks of her stay in the house Bernice had not made a single friend: Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. iars Sharp knew well the contents of the small parcels which Bernice now brought up for her self. bhe saw that her young lodger was growing paler and thiner day by day, and she began to fear that Beanice would fall ill in her house, and grew anxious for the month to terminate, that she might send her away. During all this time Bernice had seen no one whom she knew. Gilbert Monk had obtained no trace of her although he had Msts Cron I search for her throughout Lon dcnlwhere he wee convinced that she still remained. He had gone to the Chetwynd Park and was waiting and watching for there, knowing that sooner or later she would return to the old home, and.the dear presence that held such fascination for her. And thus the month had gone by and two days only remained to Bernice before she must become again homeless and shelter less. She had but a few shillings in her purse. She was weak, tired, anxious, and sorrowing. And nowcame apon her the longing tbilbert Monk had anticipated-to look once more, and for the last time uponLord Chetwynd's face. 'I may not live long,' she thought; 'I must see him. He need not-he must not \--see me. I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghost as before, if danger, of discovery arises. Gilbert Monk has long since given over the search for me; t and is no doubt in London reading law. I must see Boy once morelbefore she claims him. I am in no danger of discovery, I shall be very guarded;but I must learn when the marriage is to take place. I am dying with my yearning for Roy-my Y husband.' She could not'withstand that sick long. lug of her soul. She pesunaded herself d that she would incur no risk of d discovery. And on "te very night before a her rent was to expire; Bernice packed her travelling bag afresh and sfole out late in the afternoon unseen by any inmates of the house, and hiring a cab, proceeded to the railway station. And soon after dark elosely veiled she was seated in a second I class railway carriage on her way to East. L bourne. She alighted on reaching her destination secured. a fly at the station, and paraued hertjourney to Chetwynd by Sea. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her at the village inn; and in the dark/ cool May night with only a few stars gleaming through I the szure dusk, the pursused her way to Chetwynd Park her losthome. CHAPTER XLI. NEARLY DETECTED. At the very moment when the wronged young Idy hbetwynd stole like a shadow into her husband's house at Chetwynd Park and crept up to a lonely attic to don her ghostly robes, in which she believed she might steal to her husband's very- side and still pass for a spectre or an illusion-at that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone together in the munsi room. Sylvia had lost something of the vivid crimson colouring that had beautifled even her swarthy skin. She looked anxious and troubled. Her prize was almost secured. She had nearly reaped the reward of aH her schemings-but Lady Chetwynd lived, and while Bernice lived, Sylvia Monk never knew a moment unalloyed peace and security. To be continued. 