THE STOPPAGE AT THE MOE COAL MINE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir.—On reading in your columns this morning the report of the deputation from the residents of Coalville to the Railway Commissioners, I was very much struck with some of the information given by the chair- man to the members, of the deputation and can only think that the feeling im- ported into the discussion "which is to be deprecated," has in some way caused an oblivion of some of the facts of the case. Hitherto I have not inter- ferred in the matter, as the tale has to be told later on, but in justice to the company, and to the board of directors, for and on account of of whom I am now writing to you, I cannot allow some of the statements of the commis- sioners to pass unchallenged. Taking the items "to be disputed" in the report in the order in which they occur, I come to the statement by the chairman— 1\. That on receiving a letter from the de- partment that they could not give more than 15s. 7d. a ton for the coal, the company re- plied that the price was £1, and that if the department would not pay that the mine would be stopped. This is wholly incorrect. The mine was stopped because the company got formal notice on the 13th January that the commissioners would not be justified in paying more than 15s. 7d. per ton for the coal. To this a reply was sent on the 16th to the effect that the mine would be stopped because the price was reduced below an amount at which the company could carry on. Not one word about £1 per ton. In a pre- vious letter we had asked if the department would give us £1 per ton, but we never threatened to close the mine if they refused to give us this price. 2\. Mr. Speight.—We gave them 13s. 1d. to start with, and after a while we gave them 2s. 6d. more. This is also incorrect. The company never sold any coal at 13s. 1d. We started at 14s. per ton and this went on for about 15 or 16 months at a steady loss to the company. At the time of the New South Wales coal strike in 1888, Mr. Gillies the then Minister of Railways announced in Parliament, in September I think of that year, that the Government would give 25s. for all Victorian coal during the remainder of that year and 22s. 6d. afterwards. The commissioners interpreted this for themselves, and took delivery of our coal for consumption at War- ragul, Moe, Traralgon, Sale, and other sta- tions along the line, but deducted the carriage to Melbourne, where at that time hardly any was taken except during the strike. So for the remainder of that year, "about three months," we had 25s. per ton, less 6s. 11d. for haulage to Melbourne—18s. 1d. per ton. From the 1st January, 1889, we had 22s. 6d., less 6s. 11d. carriage to Melbourne— 15s. 7d.—although at that time all our coal was kept up country for consumption on the Gippsland lines and saving the carriage of New South Wales coal to Warragul. We have always given credit to the Minister of Railways of the day for this small but abso- lutely necessary rise of 1s. 7d. per ton. With- out this we should have been shut up two years ago. 3\. Mr. Speight then went on to say that the coal was not even worth 15s. 7d., that there had been trials made and that the coal was from 25 to 40 per cent. inferior to Newcastle coal, that he had given the company results and they would not believe them, that he did not care to publish them, as they were unsatisfactory, &c.;, winding up with—"In fact, the drivers would not use the coal if they got a ghost of a show of avoiding it," &c.; Very nice this, but which for the present I will pass without comment, except as to accuracy again. I can assure Mr. Speight that no results have been furnished to this company, although we understand two sets of trials have been made—one on the Oakleigh line, the other from Spencer-street. We call on Mr. Speight to furnish us with these results, and as he has done all he can to blacken (pardon the atrocity) the character of the Moe coal, we ask him to publish them also if he chooses. He says he did not publish them because they were unsatisfactory. We invite him to do so now after his public declaration. Mr. Speight also states in connection with his figures that half of the coal or more has been brought to Melbourne. This was only during the strike, when we got daily messages from the railway store- keeper to try and double our output if pos- sible, or on previous occasions when there was only a few days' supply at Spencer-street and gales of wind at sea. With these excep- tions I vnture to say that three- quarters on an average of what coal we produced never went beyond Warragul. Mr. Speight can easily get returns and put me in the wrong if this is not so. I am presuming on obtaining a large portion of your space, but I must plead the great im- portance of the question and the anxiety that public opinion should be not prejudiced, also the great importance not only to the Moe Company, but to the coal industry of Vic- toria. I have only written once—two years ago—on a coal question, when I had to take exception to a statement given to the press by the chairman of commissisoners as to the inferiority of Moe coal, and as the executive officer of the company, I have felt a delicacy in coming into conflict with the chairman, but my duty to, and instructions from my directors would not allow me to be silent on this occasion. Thanking you in anticipation for the pri- vilege accorded to me,—I am, &c.;, L. HENDERSON. Secretary Moe Coal-mining Company Limited. 432 Collins-street, Jan 24. 