CRUMBS. d-bye, ,yt>ur Honor. — ^machinery. Only two Judges hext year. Dingoes on the sheep-track. • ' Liquidator Hancock resigned. \- inspector. Boeewarne returned. Labour convulsions in the land of cakes. Japariesejmail boat is coming to Australia. The colony was fifty-four yearsold on Sunday.' ■' Japan is going to swell the trade of Aus tralia. ■ ; Mr. Rosewame wipes out his critics with a' sneer. . The grasshoppers couldn't pass Copas's fine torden. Government is getting *' lemons'' from im ■Tbe, Chief Justice will be absent fifteen months. ' Westward Ho Mine is to be scientifically worked. : Mr. Rosewame has a good deal to say for himself. Mr. Arthur Searcy returned from Pert Darwin. America is licking creation, now with a 15 mile gun. A ni03b musical set of prisoners at the Stockade. „ Messrs. Nimmo and Stewart were honourably acquitted. . Scotland in a state of siege through the rail way strike. Professor Lhwne had an eye-opener in the Sonth-East. Possibly we shall find payable asbestos; in South Australia. Thomas Fox, charged with horse-stealing, suicided at Palmerston. ,. We like our Chief Justice the better for de clining a public display. Mr, George Morgan, brother of the late Sir William Morgan, is dead. /.The driving out of the Jews from Russia will be ultimately Russia's loss. .The Chief Justice stands by the unpreten tious Church of his father. The Directors of the East-End Market must now enforce the regulations. Mr. Parnell undaunted. He excels the old gentleman for superb cbcek. Will the Queen choose a Maori name for her new godson—little Onslow? Another Justice of the Peace removed be cause of treasonable remarks. Public feeling is capable of cultivation in regard to the law as to doctors. Yes, ;tbere are Protestant Cardinals, but they don't count for very much. j Mr. Bider Haggard and Mr. Andrew Lang j trill entertain the Observer readers. \ Aboriginal's verse recommends itself ior music, sense, and English undefiled. We like that kindly remembrance of South j Australia by the Broken Hill people. j ' Our Deputy Viceregal going to luse himself among the millions of the old country. j It is singular that the Stoclca ie is trell supplied with votaries of the divine art. Mr. W. G. Tore is within a year of com pleting his educational tor-ture at home. ■ ' : Doherty, in the Premier case, wits sentenced' to eighteen months without hanl labour,. What Mr. Kingston was to" the Playtqrd Government Mr. Shiels is to thaMhmnfc ' South Australia .has no' reason "to' *ba" dis satisfied with: the wool business of last year.: ' Governor treated the Bay to a similar coin plimenthepaid Parliament—ashort speech! ' Jerusalem will never oease to.be sacred to Gentile while it is dear to the heart of a Jew.' The Hon. E. Ward pnts a great responsi-'' bility as to the vermin pest on the Executives . Manager Flayford'must keep his foot down against illicit trading at the East-End Market. - Mrs. Gerloff, of Murray Bridge, enter tained the children of the district on Christmas Eve. Biirglars evidently desired a cheap adver tisement when. they went to a journalist's house. - • ■ . 1 Truth Btates that considerable anxiety is felt in Berlin as to the ear complaint of the Kaiser. Unionists have recovered the" ground ooou pied by the Free Labour Bureau in Mel bourne. A disputed title to a quarter of a million of Heidelberg land is to bo discussed in the Privy Council. Bannerman's feat of carrying the bat out in an intercolonial match is the cricket event of theyear. . The grievances as to long hours of gardeners in marketing will be largely remedied with the new year. A machine to milk the Government cow easily and surely would find ready sale in Australia. The septugenarian Secretary of the Mel bourne Democratic Club is wanted for em- ; bezzlement. Is it not an unwise experiment to have only ' two Judges—perhaps it will be found that two are enough. Mirams, Secretary of the Premier Building Society, was sentenced to twelve months with hard labour. J The Times is recovering its pecker, seeing that it has converted the Hon. Reginald Brett to Unionism. ■ Governors degenerating. At first they were rulers; now balance-holders} soon to be adver tising agents. ■ Mr. H. Bloxbam. Editor of the Central Aus tralasian, is no longer a J.P. for libelling Albert Edward. New South Wales has got something like an ocean postage-stamp. It, however, lacks Parke* fiz'og." The British who have grown out of the age of Semitic persecution may well preach better things to Russia. The standing miracle is the vitality and in dividuality of the Jews in spite of persecution and distribution. Our railways have been economically con structed, are skilfully managed, and yield handsome returns. The old, old story. When the Messiah oomes, he is arrested. Ainorica has arrested an Indian saviour. A talented and gentlemanly lot of fellows in Stockade Gaol, with a flavour of "religious" College education. The practical mind of the lawyer Joes not look to the golden age tocome; it looks to the ' cheques by the way. If that American 15-mile gun was tocome into vogue, Adelaide had better grow into Mr. Hock's insignificance. The Observer is publishing replies from fruit growers as to diseases in orchards. Very in teresting to gardeners. Church unity, according to Mr. Sabine, is obstructed by the stump utterances of Messrs. Hastings and Gilmore. A Select Committee in Sydney bave been taking startling evidence of evils in connection with medical quackery. Out of the, 30,000 at Glenelg on Monday, only, two people were arrested, and these were " five shilling drunks." Silver Age and Barrier Miner bave a big row on. There is no circus in the town to amuse the people you see. Union Parliament officials have sent a sym pathetic letter of condolence to the widow of the late Mr. E. W. Oldham. rrhairrnon nf t.hfi TVilh'Tin jlfalrirli!wT»ati|ja tuyi failed for ft quarter'of a million, Bedat.' Irish rise will-take plaoe in stodm. - • Our gallant defenders will be at the Yule tide festival to-night^ and-show what they can do for our hearths and homes. The only satisfaction about the locusts is', that, according to the Christian 'Weekly, we may under Levitious eat them. A Hindu girl at 15 is about the equal of an English girl ait 11, and an Australian girl at 12 is equal to an English at 14. : Premier Building Sooiety cases have cost about £58,000, and they will exercise a salutary effect on Directors and offioials. The Stockade is a refuge in some oases of aristocrats, who make the bbloues a 'dumping ground for unpleasant relations. Railway Commissioneis had doubt about the necessity for a late train to the Hills on Christ mas Eve. Over 200 passengers. Artist' E, H. Derirington is self-taught, worts with extreme rapidity, and produces canvas beyond mere-amateurishness. Talk about the progress of the peaoe party when Europe is on , armed camp, and numbers of peoples are groaning under war taxes. During last session in the Legislative Council there were 112 divisions, equal to 2,576 votes. Only 70 per cent, were recorded. Why ? Though accident placed His Honor in the seat of Chief Justice, design could not have . found us abetter occupant from our midst. . Professor Blaokie has gratified the Methodists by dropping into poetry to describe the effective, preaching of Wesleyan probationer Jaakson, In the Assembly last session of 11.024 votes which' should have (men recorded in divisions only 63 per cent, are entered; | Electors ask why? ■ The West Coast trip is now appointed for the 15th, when the Marine Board want the boat. Bart will abolish the Board if it inter feres. If the Government had taken matters with the same spirit as in Victoria, our Land Boom might have landed some Directors and others in gaol. Tasmania has sent to Melbourne for Mr. Ellery's assistance to determine the true longi tude of Hobart. It is a trifle late to bo finding that out. The Rev. SHugu Gilmore holds.that a man should read tho Bible first and the newspaper secondly, so as to get acquainted with his own generation. Fort Adelaide School annexed three and Sturt-street two exhibitions, The latter also took two bursaries, and qualified for three exhibitions. ' The late Christmas Eve train, was delayed half an hour because there was a ''special' in the Hills which the officials could not pick up anywhere. It is refreshing to hoar that lawyers study ethics, the power that makes for righteousness, and that sort of thing. But a lawyer iB some times forgetful. The Chief Justice will probably attend the Ecumenical Conference of Universal Metho dism to be held in Washington or New York in October next. . • ■ . . ' . . The Register is surprised at patients of quacks not being' alive to their dangers. Another matter for surprise is that there are so many alive at all. The youngest member in the House, Air. Ash,-.had the highest record in the division lists,'and the oldest member, the. Hon. G, C. Hawker, the lowest '.It is the brilliant possibilities \of the race still in its infancy, and cradled in rough cir cumstance, that we rejoice about, ana hear mysterious music over. The Rev. Hugh Gilmore doesn't believe in the antiquated bookwotm or the idealist of the Bellamy type, unless he thoroughly studies the news of his own generation. "Does' your husband attend Church regu larly, Mrs. Trotter ?" enquired the new minister. " Oh, yes 1" Mrs. Trotter answered. " He goes once a year regularly." It is impossible to over-estimate the valuable services rendered to the oolohy by the Chief Justice ih receiving distinguished visitors at considerable cost of time, money, and energy. Thus says the Echo If brevity is the soul of wit, then the Governor of South Australia deserves a testimonial for his Bhort and' pithy address to the talkers of North-terrace, Ade laide." A Melbourne paper states, that Copper Ring's liabilities on final adjustment were 111,000,000 francs, assets 38,000,000. Creditors get 34 per cent, of their claims, shareholders nothing. . Mechanics, whp are the staple product of public schools with alleged "godless educa tion," and who are the backbone of Trades' Unionism, are notably conspicuous by absence from the Stockade. The Railway Commissioners of Victoria, like our own .reflecting railway lighting, have adopted the motto "Festine Lente." There's nothing "fast"in their lent, though there is a good deal of starvation about the illumina tion—"a light fast" A queer old woman recently changed her mind about making a Bank deposit because tho teller would not promise to return to her the identical coins which eho intended depositing. .She bad made a list of the dates so that there would be no mistake." The Moss will case, just settled by compro mise, is said by a Melbburao paper to have cost the parties £8,000. ■ The Premier Perma nent cases will cost more than £50,000. In a private case where the estate involved did not exceed- £3,500 the law charges in equity reached £3,500. Mr. Keast, at the annual dinner of the Vic torian Cornish Society, advised Australian natives to go home to Cornwall for their wives if they wanted strong, healthy, and handsome partners. That's all very well (says the Herald), but what's to become of our girls ? Old maids, perhaps—first happy and careless, then cappy and hairless. Says Dr. Youl:—"Every man must exer cise some care for himself. It is useless to think you can thoroughly protect life by Act of Parliament. Since the City Corporation have brought in a by-law comiielling drivers to walk their horses over crossings there have been more deaths from being run over than there were when drivers were permitted to go over crossings at a good pace." Few people understand the proper way of rolhng music, periodicals, and pomnhlets, and a hint on the subject may be found usofol. It certainly is something of an annoyance, after removing the wrapper from a periodical, to be compelled to roll it in the opposite direc tion two or three times before tbe leaves are in a condition favourable for reading. This nuisance may be obviated by rouihg tbe package so'that the title-page khall be on the outside. When thus rolled, the paper adapts itself to the table, and its tendency is to be come perfectly bat, whereas if rolled the other way the edges rise up, Great Britain is (says an exchange) .above all others a hanging country, if the statistics and reports of the Howard Association be .true. Frbin these paporsit has been ascertained that during the decade 1879-1688 inclusive, 145 of. 399 persons condemned to death were bagged, the number including nine women. In Italy no executions have taken place since 1870; in Belgium, none since 1863; in Holland, none since 1860; in Portugal, none since 1843. In Germany and Austria capital punishment is still in foroe, but it is resorted to with the utmost', reluctance. France might - also be placed in the same. category, for of . 683 persons arraigned for capital crimes in 1887 (the latest return available) only 28 were con demned to death, and'of these only six were executed. Memorabilia.—Overhaul your what's his name's catechism, Walley, and you will find this is St. Stephen's Day. You know he was one of the seven deaoons, and had been, like St. Paul, a pupil of Gamaliel, a Prince of the Tribe of Manasseh, and a Jewish Doctor of the Pharisees of the highest reputation. Well, the martyrdom of St. Stephen took place in the same year as the crucifixion.—It was on the day after Christmas day, 1292, that John Baliol knuckled down and did homage to King' King Edward X. You remember, or ought to do so; that he was the son of his own father, Sir John de Baliol, Founder of the College at Oxford bearing his name, and that on the death of Queen Margaret Robert Bruce and John Baliol the younger each disputed his right to the crown by virtue of their descent from David, the brother of William, the Lion King of Scot land, and that Edward I. was appointed arbi trator and decided in favour of J.B. Obituaries.—Somebody says "if a young medical practitioner wishes to obtain a good practice he should write a book. Dr. John Fothergill believed in this, tried it, and suc ceeded. He was a Yorkshire man, served an apprentice to an apothecary, went toEdin-.. burgh, took his degree, became a'pupil in St. Thomas's Hospital, London, went abroad, wrote a book' on ulcerated sore throat" —then very prevalent—became famous, was admitted' a member of the Edinburgh Col-! lege of Physicians, and a Fellow of the Boyal: Society; was a member of t'io Society of Friends, laboured to prevent hostilities at the outbreak of the American War of Indepen dence, had Conferences with Dr. Franklin upon the subject, wrote a good many medical trea tises, went< to the expense of printing Perver's translation of the .Bible, and of an edition of Percy's "Key to the Mew Testa ment" for a seminary of Quakers, and departed this life December 26, 1780, aged "68. - Memorabilia.—Once upon a time Sir Isaac Newton was learning the multiplication table, but Johann Kepler had not advanced even that far in the study of the mathematics on , December 27, 1571, for he was then only a day old. Yet in less than half a century he pro- ! cured for himself the honourable title of " The j Legislator of the Heavens."—Moral L The I oak was once an acorn.—Moral 2. "The! child's the father of the man."—Moral 3. , " Despise not the day of small things."— Moral 4. "Lives of great men," &o.;, &c.;, &o.; Obituaries.—Pierre deBonsara was a French poet, who bung his harp upon the willows and crossed the representative Jordan, De cember 27,1585, aged 61. At a very early age he was chosen to be page to the Dauphin, and throughout his life they paid him all the honours till they laid him in his coffin. He entered in early life the Bervice of the Duke of Orleans, and subsequently that of James V. of Scotland. ; whereneremained two years and then returned to France, was employed in some important negotiations of State, retired from Court, took | holy orders, obtained Borne lucrative benefices, wrote a rare lot of poemB all about love and ■ other sweetmeats, obtained the title of Tht French Poet, violently opposed the Huguenots, received a valuable present of a set of plate from Mary Queen of Scots, and a splendid set of diamonds from Queen departed. . Memorabilia.—On December 30, A.D. 191, a great conflagration was raging at Borne, and singularly, or rather plurally,' enough the Temple of Vesta, the Goddess of Fire and her image, were reduced to ashes. This was but a few months before that imperial monster Com modus was sent by his chamberlain Ectectus " howling to his gods." The fallowing is the' commentary of an obscure writer upon this event : — " Theodosius, who made Christianity the pal ladium'of his empire, _at length scattered the national embers.. This sanotitv—the worship of Vesta—originated with a finer sentiment than mere superstition; but the ritual became contaminated, and the vast good, as the world increased in dotage, was lost sight of by the soul and smelted into Mammon.' Oh 1 ho ? So then this quaint writer thinks those ancient Rum:n's Bought to invest a Vesta in the vest a Mammon had doffed, " whose looks and thoughts were always downward bent." Go it. Obituaries.—Jan Eaptista van Helmont, Lord of Merode, Royenboroh, Oorchob and Pellines, was born at Brussels, 1577, and died December 30,1644. There is nothing wonderful in that, but by his severe studies at Louvain and at' various other Universities of France and Italy, he became the moat renowned chemist that had ever lived to date.—Thomas Dunsdale was a famous physician, who was horn somewhere in Esses somewhere in 1712, and who died December 30, 1800.' You will perhaps say that if he had lived two days longer, be would have .seen the dawn of the present centurybut that would only show your ignorance thereupon, for at the age of .72 the. dear old doctor lost his sight.. But jifst listen. At the age of 60 he commenced to pra-.tise inoculation, and seven years later he'{ went to Russia and inoculated the Empress and Grand Duke, for which he received- a gratuity of £12,000, a pension of £500 a year, was created a Baron of the Empire, Physician to Her Majesty, and a Councillor of State. Only fancy. _ Memorabilia.—New Years Eve—"Welcome i the coming, speed the parting guest." ) " Watchman, what of the night." "Time and tide wait for no man" nor "no woman either." —But only fancy: tho city of Syracuse, which was founded 734 b,c. and at one time numbered nearly a million inhabi tants, was entered in triumph by "a band of fierce barbarians from the hills, . led by Belisarius, December 31, 535. But, then, you muBt. remember that the Goths whom he hocked into pieces so unmercifully in those dark ages were even "fiercer and' greater barbarians than hiB own-grim warriors. —On the last day of the year, 1805, the Frenoh. restored the Georgian calendar, "whigh beau-, tifully symmetrical statue the iconoclastic ruffians of the Revolution had knocked on the head." ' ' 1 Obituaries.—Among the illustrious ones who" left this " vale of tears" on New Year's Eve; our histbrio-biographical Crnmbman has j hunted up tho following:—John Wieldiife, Wyckliffo; Wiehliff, Wyckliff, Wycliffe, , Wiclif, Wicliff, or Wlcliffe, " the monujng star ] of the Reformation," died 1381—Charles de Cosse Brissac, the brave French marshal, went | the way bf all flesh 1568.—Thomas Erastus, the fainousSwiBy)hysician, gave up the ghost 1583, —Giovanni Borelli, theeminentltaCan maths-. matician and physician, joined the great majority, 1679.—The Hon. Robert Boyle, the famous philosopher, paid the debt-of nature, 1691.—John Flamsteed, the illustrious astro-. nomer, departed this life, 1719.—Jean Fran cois Marmontel, the popular French writer, . , drew his last. breath, 1799.—Sir Phillip ] Francis, the snppoeed author of the famous j "Betters of Junius," went to his long home, ' 1818.—William Giffard, the sarcastic critic, ceased from troubling, 1836. 