STEPHANIE. " Stephanie, once for all, I forbid it." "When George Antree, - merchant prince, spoke in this mauner his daughter, spoilt child though she was, generally obeyed him. This time, however, the girl standing by the window, nervously twitching off the roses within her reach, flashed a defiant although rather frightened glance at him. She did not say any thing, only went on twitching with a recklessness that drove the old gard ener, who was watching at a distance, frantic. " I tell you, Stephanie," he went on, getting more angry every moment, "I tell you this has got to bo stopped. Do you think I am going to have my daughter philandering around ab twi light with a young man, like a com mon housemaid, and that man the son of my bitterest foe. Once for all, Stephanie, I forbid you to hold any intercourse whatever with that young Hendon. Ho's a scamp.'' Another glance from the girl's brown eyes, this time indignant, bub nob frightened. " Papa, I don't think you ought to speak so of Jack just because that antiquated old corkscrew is an enemy of yours.1' Mr. Antree, in spite of his anger, smiled slightly at her description of the father of the handsomest young man in tho place. His young daughter being the prettiest girl, it seemed quite natural to outsiders that they should take to each other. Mr. Antree in opposing the friendship did about the most, un wise thing possible. Stephanie was nob "out" yet, and when her aunt formally introduced her to society the coming winter, she would probably have met others more to her fancy than Jack Hendon. . " Now, Stephanie," he began again, " I want you to promise me never to see that follow again." "No, papa, I can't; the most I can do is to say that I will not seek his company ; but I never did that, any way, you know." "Well, then, you disobedient girl, to your aunt's you march, and there you shall stay until you are ready to obey your father's wishes." The angry man flung himself out of the room, leaving his daughter to sum mon the servants to clear tlie debris frorii the floor ; for Mr. Antree had managed to overthrow three vases, four cups and tho coffee-pot. Turning to tho servant who had answered the bell, she gave an order for her. home to be brought, and then left the room. . "Jane, Jane," called the servant. Her call was answered by the young lady's maid, who had been in the family for years. " Look at it now, he must have been powerful angry to break so many." After a quick survey -of the room the maid departed, saying that she would see if Miss Stephuniewanted anything. She found her mistress with half her clothes strewn about and looking with dismay- at the already full trunk. " Ah 1 Jane," she said, with a re lieved look, "I will leave you to attend to this. I am going to my aunt's to stay for some time. If papa asks for me tell him I have gone- for a ride," Then throwing hor riding habit over her arm she was soon at the stables and mounted a small, black, lively- looking horse, who welcomed his young mistress with delight. After a rapid ride of a few miles the girl slowed her horse down to a walk and listened. The wood in which she was seemed de serted, but through the trees she could see;. a stretch of road, and some thing about this road seemed to amuse her intensely. ' A young man, faultlessly attired, was walking slowjy along i the road, swinging his cKne idly in his hand. Occasionally ho would step, tie his handkerchief to the top of his cane, and dust his patent leathers. Stephanie's ringing laugh mado him look up, and fixing- his monocle to his eyo ho regarded her with an appalling solemnity, which made her laugh again. Putting her hand on Iris shoulder, for ho had come to hor side, she jumped lightly to tho ground. "Stephanie," he said, speaking for tlio first time, " You have seriously disturbed my diamond stud. I had it just at the right angle before." "Jack," said Stephanie, seriously, "do you know what'you look like?" " What ? " " Like Lord Chumloy, only more so." "Stephanie," depositing his glass in his pockot, and knocking off half a dozen chestnut burrs with his 'cane, "you complained onco that I dressed like a farmer, now," gazing in a minute hand-glass which he took from his pocket— "Now,- Jack, - you look like a banker's clerk out for a holiday." " Thanks," said he, removing his high collar and tying his cravat to a tree. "I knew yoti couldn't stand it long," said Stephanie with a laugh. "Now, Jack, I have some dreadful news," said Stephanie, her big brown eyos fixed upon him and looking , solemn. " Papa has been expressing his opinion on things in general, and you in particular, and ho said I must not see you again." " What curious coincidences do happen ? The governor told mo this morning that I must never see you again." Both laughed. " But we do," Stephanie said shyly. A listener at this juncture would have heard a sound resembling the forcible meeting of two pairs of lips. "'What are we going to do ?" asked Stephanie mournfully, after a pause, during which the little black horso made a meal of Jack's straw hat. "Is your father afraid of ghosts, Steenie?" asked Jack, rescuing tlie ribbon, all that remained of the hat, and trying it to Zero's ear. "No," still mournfully. " Is lie afraid of me 1" "You?" scornfully. "Of course not." Which disrespectful remark was punished by another kiss. " Well, tho only thing for us to do then is to run away.'' "Elope?" cried Stephanie. "Bub that wouldn't bo nice. I don't think I'd like that," 9ho added doubtfully. " Well, what can we do ; . you're not going to forget me entirely, are you, and marry some fellow whose father hasn't the bad luck to quarrel with your father." " I don't want to marry anybody, and I'm not going to forget you." Stephanie leaned her head on Zero's neck and indulged in a few tears. Jack looked hopelessly down on her; it was such a strange thing to see Stephanie cry. Like a man, all lie could say was " Don't cry, dear." ; at which, of course, Stephanie cried harder. After much puckering of his hand some brows Jack began nervously: " Your father didn't say what he was going to do to stop it, did he ?" "Yes," said Stephanie,, looking up and glaring at the surrounding trees, " I'm to go to Aunt Mary's, and you know what that is. Even ifyoudocome to town I can't see you. All those children will watch me continually." "What a pity theso two irascible old gentlemen can't make it up." " And all because papa got that nomination and your father didn't, but if your father hadn't said papa bribed the committee it would have been all right." "Yes, the governor is rather in judicious at times." " What's that you say, young man ?" Both started. In the road in front of them stood an old gentleman. That he was very angry was the most noticeable fact about him. Indeed, except that the gentleman was Mr. Hendon, neither noticed anything else. Stephanie stopped backed a little as if to use her horse as a shield. Jack gasped out an - attempt at an explana tion, but his father cut him short. "Nob another word. I will' send word to Mr. Antree that his daughter meets my son clandestinely, and re quest him to forbid i,b, as I see my son will not obey me." Stephanie's eyes had been getting bigger and bigger, and as soon as Mr. Hendon stopped she left hor position of safety, and giving ono wild look at Jack, burst out : "Oh, Mr. Hendon, please do not toll my father, he forbade me not two houis ago to see Jack, and if ho knows I have, I don't know what he'll do; send me to a convent perhaps, ho is capable of anything when he's angry." Mr. Hendon was rather moved by this speech, particularly as at tho end of it Stephanie subsided into Jack's waiting arms, and cried as if her heart would break. His sou was too busy comforting Stephanie to notice any thing else, or he would havo been cheered by his father's expression. " There, there, child, don't cry," he said, mildly for him ; " I won't say anything about it." " Oh, you'ro so good, sir 1" cried Stephanie, smiling through her tears, nnd with a remembrance of what Jack enjoyed best of anything, she kissed tho astonished old gentleman. Jack was astonished also, but when his father, ono of the most undemon strative of men, drew the girl to him, and kissing hor forehead, said : " I givo my consent, children. All you have to do is to get Antree's and we'll havo the wedding." Stephanie looked flushed and tired, and her hair hung in tangled masses over her shoulders ; so as all was now serene in one quarter she look at her I watch and said she must go home. The old gentleman helped her to her horso,. and with a last embrace %om I Jack she rode ofi". Urging hor horse to his utmost speed she soon reached home, and throwing ofi' her habit rang for her maid. A few moments' work put her hair in order, but when her maid proceeded to dress hor for dinner she foUnd herself too exhausted to move. As her father was not at homo, or likely to coino home, there seemed no .necessity of j any exertion, so replacing her dressing- j gown she took a seat by tho window j and soon went to sleep with her head, I with its wealth of golden tresses, rest- j ing on the cushioned window seat. j While , Stephanie was asleep the ! library bell rang witli tho vehemence ' always accredited to Mr. Antree. . "Request Miss Stephanie to comn I hero," ho said to tlie answering maid. | In a moment she returned. "Jane! says that -Miss Stephanie ig asleep, sir, and she doesn't like to waken her." With a firm and rapid step Mr. Antree marched to his daughter's room. - That -slio should he so incon siderate as to be asleep when he wished to speak to her seemed a de liberate insult to him. Stepping into Stephanie's sitting- room ho vouchsafed the thoroughly frightened maid ono terrible look and strode into the next room. But there he stopped, his. ; daughter's face was turned tqwiird hini, jind as lie gazed on 'tlio beautiful face lie thought of his sister who had died because he, George Antree, refused his consent to a mar riage he thought beneath her. This sister was of a moro gentle, yielding nature than Stephanie, and never thought of rebelling at her brother's decree, so one day her attendants found her in the same position that hor niece was now in the same room, too. They did not movo her, but called tho master, and he had stood then as he stood now, looking at his dead sister, as he looked now at his daughtor, and lie seomed to see another stono bear ing, instead of tlio inscription, " Isa bella Antree, aged 19," "Stephanie Antree, aged 17," and with a cry ho started forward and throw Iris arms around tlie sleeping girl. She mur mured drowsily " Jafilc," but, as she felt her father's kiss, opened her eyes. " My darling,'' he cried, and to pre vent tho effect of future repentance, immediately informed his d.v.6Vite- that she had his consent to marry Jack Hendon, provided his father consented also. This added joy seemed too mucli for the exhausted girl, and with her head still resting on her father's breast, she cried a little cry, but it was of happiness now, not of sorrow. "Jack," she said tho next day, "Isn't it lucky I look like Aunt Isabella ? " Of course the wedding caused a complete reconciliation between tlio old gentlemen, and three evenings a week woruld find them playing crib somewhere, either at one of tlioir own houses or o,t their children's. Indeed Mr. Hendon became so fond of his. pretty daughter-in- law that Jack declared' it was .well he secured Stephanie in time, or his father might have ran off with her himsolf. 