OUfi ANGLO COLONIiL LETTBK. ? v ? [From onr Special Correspondent.] London. Novamher 28. 1890. The political orisls has been the all absorbing topic everywhere — even In Anglo- Colonial clroles — throughout the week, and it is well-nigh Impossible to get either Agents- General, or lesser folk, to talk of anything else. At the clubs political feeling runs higher than I ever remember It, the bitterness of the moderate Liberals against the Irish party (long slowly growing), being now loudlv exnressed. ' Barelv tmro months ago we should have won a general election hands down' Is the angry mr- an 'and now we have not the ghost of a chance. BsBides destroying the cause of Home Rule, Parnell has let us In for another seven years of Tory coercion.' An AoBtraUan, I see, writes to the papers to Bay that Mr. Parnell Is known in your part of the world as a successful dramatist — a play called 'Shamrock Green,' alleged to be by him, having made quite a hit In the smaller towns of Victoria, South Australia, and New South Walts. Unfortunately Mr. Campbell (Mr. Pamell'e secretary) when questioned as to the authenticity of this precious pro duction grimly laughed. ' Mr. Parnell,' he said, 'has doubtless been lndlsoreeb In his time, bnt I think I may take upon myself to say he was never such a fool as to voluntarily associate his name with what appears to be a fourth- rate melo drama.' The AgentB-General meet next Taesday to dhcuBs the advisability of holding a Mining Exhibition on a proper scale in connection with the .opening of the Im perial Institute In 1892. The Idea' Is strongly favored by Sir Ohas. Tapper (at whose office the meeting will be held), but your Agent- General and Sir Saul Samuel seem doubtful whether the colonial Governments will care to pat their handB into their pockets again so Boon for this purpose after the Crystal Palace fiasco. Dr. Anderson Stuart,1 whose medl cal diploma has, on the precedent of Professor Allen, of Melbourne, been dnly recognised by the authorities of London University, goeB to Berlin forthwith to study the Koch cure. It Is also likely he will represent Sooth Australia, for which colony lymph has already been secured. Professional Interest in the discovery increases daily, and every scrap of in formation concerning the alleged oares and partial cares is eagerly examined. An English physician points out that Dr. Koch's discovery Bhould deal a heavy blow to the antlvlvl sectionletB, for the discovery has been made by meanB of vivisection. It will not only furnish an unanswerable vindica tion of the value of that method of inves tigation, but will probably [lead to a de mand on the part of English pathologlats for some relaxation of the restrictions which at present hamper them aa com pared with their Continental colleagues, Pasteur and Koch ! France and Ger many are leaving England behind. There ia another point worth noting. Dr. Koch had no sooner finished with his gulneaplgs and expressed a wish for human subjects than hundreds hastened to offer themselves. It Is tree they came voluntarily and for their own good ; bub they are liberally submitting themselves to vivisection experiments, and showing that, In this case at least, men are willing to undergo the same pains which they Inflict on others. Mr. and Mrs. Dancan'and family leave to-day by the Carthage for Adelaide. Mr. Downer and Mr. and Mrs, Hornabrook also return shortly. The first step In the direction of con* necting Canada and Australia has, Sir Chas. Tapper Informs me, been taken. The Dominion Government have con eluded with a powerful company at Barrow, of which Lord Hartlugton la chairman, a contract) for a 20-knot Atlantic mail line from Plymouth to Halifax or Quebec. A handsome subsidy will be paid for this, and will be borne by Canada alone. The Dominion Government are willing to encourage the extension of the service from Vancouver to Australia, and will contribute £15,000 a year towards the cost ; bat, of course, this will be on con dition the Australians rally to the support of the new line, and contribute, say, £40,000 annually. This would be a trifle when divided amongst them all, bub there interests are too divergent In the matter of mall service to make the proposed arrangement easy. It ia proposed that Moreton Bay — ie., Brisbane — should be the first port of call and the last of depar ture, and the voyage, It Is believed, can be easily accomplished in 35 days, and probably three or four less. Bat to con- - vinee the colonies it will be necessary to show them that the new line can eclipse the old and trusted services via Suez, and this will not be easy to do. Six Arthur BJyth has promised to be present at a lecture given by the Rev. Isidore Myers, B. A. — described as ''an Aus tralian elocutionist of repute' — on ' The Talmud' at Prince's Hall on Thursday next. Mr. Myers Is a protegee of Dr. Moorhouse, who bears testimony to the yonng man's ability in a cordial letter which has been published. Mr. D'Arcy, of Mount Morgan fame, has joined the muchtalked-of Siberian expedition of Captain Wiggins. Ib aounda a somewhat hazardous venture. The secretary of the Anglo-AuBtrallan Society of Artists announces joyously that the society's sales of English pictures in the colonies amount to £5,000. He sayB nothing, however, about the saleB of Aus tralian pictures in England. Colonial artists, I understand, complain bitterly that when they joined Mr. Ayerst Ingram in promoting the society they were assured the Interchange of pictures for sale and exhibition woold be mutual. It now seems, however, as though they had aBBlsted to spoil their own market without getting anything in return. The officers of the Lusltania appear to be of opinion that the unfortunate Miss B, McKnlght who, as I told you last week, committed suicide by jumping overboard in the Bed Sea, was snapped up by a shark. Though blue lights were instantly displayed and the sea lilamined the un happy girl waB never seen again, and this seems Inexplicable otherwise. Miss McKnlght was on her way home to be married, and there are reasons for sup posing that — as bo often happens — she changed her mind en route. Love trouble and Bed Sea heat combined are quite suf ficient to unhinge any ordinary girl's reason. The German - Australian Steamship Company find the service pay so well that they Intend dispatching a steamer to the colonies once every three weeks Instead of monthly. The splendid new vessel whioh. the MeBEBgerles Marittmes have built for their Australian service has been named the Polyteslen. She is BlBter ship to the Anetralien, bob will, from her official ttlalav attain an even greater speed. The Pclybe'sien calls on her maiden voyage on January 5. The Meeaagerlea have two other packets, the Malalslen and Tas msinien, on the stocks for tills line. They mean to make a efcrong bid for a large slice' of the passenger trade. Tbe following facts from Fairplay should be carefully noted by shippers of wool ;— Of ail the wool steamers, other than the malt boats, that left Australia for the November wool sales, viz — Chemnitz, 2nd October ; Port Adelaide, 9th; Gulf of Venloe, 9th; Marrumbldgee, llbV; Damascus, 11th; Tarter, 12th; Port DfetlaoD, 15th — aggregating about 70,000 bales, it appears that only the Marram bidgee and Damascus have arrived in time to &ave; the sates. Ail the wook of th* ether etesmers will therefore hav» ta be kept over for the January auctions, A depotatien of colonlsta aaxtoaa for the separation of North Queensland wltt Interview Lord Knutaford on the 10th InBt .introduced by the Hon. Harold Finofc Hatton. This Is a movement whioh gets ' forrarder' about as fast as the Deceased Wife's Slater Marriage Bill. Years ago Dr. Ahearne came home to push the North QueenElanders' views, and — re- turned. Then some other fellow paid cur a vhit^ for the same purpose, and— re- turned. Now, I believe, the Hon. Harold Finch Hatton Is retained as sort of permanent professional advocate tot the cause. Occasionally something (? meeting or perhaps a deputation) ia gok np, but much progress has nob really been made. The agitation lacks backbone. The new Anglo-Colonial journal, Greater Britain, is a harmless conven* tlonal publication, entirely without origin' ulity. A much more important venture to In embryo. In the course of Buchanan v. Langtry. the Jersey Lily was cross-examined re bim refusal of Haddon Ohambera'e 'The Idler,' since successful In NeV York. She eaid she liked the play, and commls« eioned Mr. Chambers to write np her part. This the young Australian did with sacrt good will as to spoil the piece. The woman's part completely overshadowed the rest ; In fact, was out of proportion. Wttnets consequently declined to produce It. The National Conservative Club paid Sir Chas. LUley (Chief Justice of Queens land) the compliment of placing his name on their list of members without asking bis permission ; They have now been politely requested to withdraw lb. Sis Charles avoirs himself neither Liberal nor Conservative, bub an 'Australian na tionalist, who believes in tthe future absolute Independence of his oountryt under no crown or coronet, bat under a Government of her people, by her people, for her people.' The following extract from the Beferee will show that Mr; Eden Savill Is an ob servant man, and has not studied English, racing methods without learning a thing oe two. ' * Pendragon' ' Bays : — Twelve months ago to the day, reckoning by the Jockey Club calendar, the owner of Ringmaster eaid to me as Fallow Chat passed the posb -winner of the Manchester November Handicap, 'All the rest of the jockeys (meaning of coarse riders of defeated hones) went^ mad. Fallow Chat was steered by a sensible man, jaat as If he was riding to the clock.' Whether Mr.. Savill was correct in his bo sweeping assertion maybe open to argument. That, considering the state of the ground and the distance to be eovered from start to finish, he was dead on the nail in denounc ? . Ing the folly of racing for the lead which we eaw illustrated— I might almost write exaggerated — on that occasion! I most fully admit. Fallow Chat was allowed 60 go comfortably, for a long way, and not asked to zace right off— and won. To-day, . when the field turned oat, I remembered ' the .Anglo- Australian lecture, and says I to a friend, sayB I, 'I expect to sea BingmaBter, who has too much weight, ridden to the clock.' ' Madness,' says he, ' madnesE-^Wk, Blaring madness I' 'Well.' aays I, ' i'll chance a double. I'll bet you a bottle that the little horse' — he is nnder galloway height In hlB shoes and not stretched oat — 'Is a hundred yards behind the leader on the far stretch, and after all finishes In the first six.' Which I won my bottle. Very likely indeed, if slightly varied tactics had been ' employed, and tie First King's old son been sent to catch the front rank earlier hi the straight, he would have won right out. He had more than a hundred yards to pick up, bat at the finish he was going three yards to anything else's two — a big thing to say of a 14,3£ galloway carrying . the third highest weight In such a handi cap. ' Mr. H.H. Vincent, described as. 'a well-known actor at the Antipodes,' made his debut In London at the Criterion Theatre hut night as Max Harkaway In : 'London Assurance.' Wyndham ia bE' course Dfizzle; Arthur Boorohler plays CharleB Oourtley ; Giddens, Dolly Spanker ; Mrs. Bernard Beere, Lady Gay ; and Miss Mary Moore, the heroine. ' Mr, LuBcombe Searelle, who. Is now on bla way to your part of the world, was In terviewed before leaving by Mr, Chapman (^Ithnriel') for London. Ib seems Mr. . Searelle lost nothing through the failure of 'The Black Rover,' as It was against his judgment the piece was produced. He . hlmBelf swore by 'Bobadil,' which ran 90 nights In Melbourne, and would, he felt sure, hit the mark likewise In London. . Mr. Geo. Paget, however, preferred ' The Black Rover,' and a very costly pre ference lb proved « Mr. Searelle visits Australia mainly for the purpose of see Ing his Bged parents, and returns to pro dace '? Bobadil' at the Globe In March; The Scots Observer^ which this week dropB the Gallic prefix for that of National, has several Australian, or rather Aus tralasian, journalists on lbs staff, and ; Intends devottne occasional articles to Anglo- Colonial as well as Anglo-Indian topics. The current issue contains a thoughtful article on 'The Labor Problem in Australia,' In which the course of the late strike Is traced for: the . benefit of the uncomprehending at home'. The author describes the policy of the colonial Governments, and the attitude of the press and the public towards the strikers. 'Labor,' says the writer, 'was handicapped by the number of out casts and social failures who hung on to lte skirts, and by the frothy Irishmen who there, as in America, control the trades' organisations. It was discredited by the excesses of the * sundowners'— the s wags- men — up conntry, and of the larrikins and ' unemployed' In town. Capital, while less encumbered, was at least bb vigorous, which is only what might be expected In a community where natural selection alone has produced capitalists, and that very -recently. In Sydney the sqaattera drove their lorries themselves ; and tbe city turned out to see the stalwart frock coated gentlemen, unperturbed and cigar . in month, steering their plled-up bales, their fear's clip, down to the quay. In Melbourne the university stadents and the members of one of the chief rowing dobs volunteered to do duty as gas-stokers Special coa stables from all classes were in plenty. The Anglo-Saxon Is always particularly pleased with the opportunity of cracking somebody's skull, not only wish Impunity but even with the approbation of society. There Is no fear of our middle classes, la the colonies or at home, shrinking Ilka the bourgeoisie across the Channel from a con flict with anarchy In the streets. The up conntry rifles — one regiment of which, from Ballarat, waa lately reported by an Imperial officer to be the finest regiment of mounted infantry In the world. — were sb eager In the cause of order as waa the American militia of Illinois a few years since to come to blows with the Chicago rioters. In one instance, indeed, the zeal of an amateur colonel carried him so far aa to. Induce him to advise his men *if they did fire, to fire low, and lay them oat,' . a xatia, lectio of the Queen's regulations which is still occupying the attention of the Cabinet With all this energy arrayed ' sgeinet It ; with a determination on the part of capital at least equal to that of tha men, and superior resources ; with order maintained severely and impartially, ox perhaps with a judicious leaning against the party from which excesses were bo be feared— It Ib not difficult -af ter the event) to see why the strike failed. We may pick a lesson or two oub of the straggle for onrselves, but we need not fear for ; Australia. The principles of State So cialism are very widely diffased, bat the po&eemon; of property la a great sedative. Tbe colonies have not seen the^nd of theta? labor straggles ; but society la probably aft least aa. stable there a* hereto' 