MY DAY. How long is that of most people I ponder ? Some perhaps can number the full six hundred and thirteen thousand s,* hundred and eight hours of the allotted threescore years and ten, while others outkst the pre Adaxnic day of the geologiet, and cover all eternity. But mine was just the ordinary daylight one, and the shortest in the year too, for it was the 21st ot December. And even short as it was, I had Already wasted some hours of it. Had I thought it would be so soon, I might pave been up at its dawning, though ysaaliy I hold, with Lever, that the eun looks best—as every one else does ——when lie s up and dressed for the ?ayj and that it's a piece of itnpe»ti xtent curiosity to peep at him when rising and at his toilet; he has not rubbed the clouds out of bis eyes or you dared not to look at him. But when one's sun shines such a little ^hile as mine, might not one be par doned for rushing to the levee at an unfashionable hour? ... i . ^5et it was noon before I was out bright giow, trudging down the lane with yesterday's fall of snow crisping under my feet,' arid last ^'ght s sleet clashing overhead, as the vind caught at the straggling, over grown hedge-row boughs, and sent them ringing together with such' an jewelieJ flash and splendor of green ^nd gold, and red and blue as summer, with all her wealth of leaves and blossoms, could not riral. The verv epleudor promised the glittering mockery but a short life j the sun w a traitor with his kisses, and the Warmth of them soon wither awav the snov$ wreaths, making their delicate mimicry of the. white May. and the hawthorn in the hedge. ' But mean ^.m® were very fair, and the, snow *ay '%ht ^nd white, under ihe great peach orchards that ' had their" icy sparkle too, as ihey swept away, with gentle undulations, right and left of the sti-li lane. And the blue $ky had the merest snow-Sake' of a cloud drifting along, and the sun was shining full upon me, and somehow a glint of it ha.d got into my heart, though there was nothing in particular to bring it there. Christinas was so near, the first X had spent out of iny old home, so empty now; and Father. Christmas, when it comes to us with a changed face, has the saddest of all" Ipoka. Xet I did not intend to mope. Aunt Margaret and the girls were friendly and kind, and the least I could do would be to put aside the. shadow of my crape, and shov^ them a con tented face. And so— Perhips something more than con tent flashed into it just then, when that thought of mine was broken short off by a sharper clatter of those bed cre row boughs, and some one spraiig ^own through the gap, bringing with nnn a little clatter"of falling icicles into the road before me. For, as we shook hands, there was a, pleased look V). ,ls eJe®3 an<l he said, with some abruptness: \- You are. alittle glad to see me ? You won t mind my. finishing your walk with you ?." " " " ' ■ " I tried to answer carelessly, though so, easy, under that gaze of ? e: " if you are of a zoological ^uro. this morning, I am going in search of foxtail and crow-foot, j BJarljed a quite, splendid bed down bv the brook in the woods in a sheltered spot, where I daresay tin's light snow has not covered it. The girls tell toe they are not in the habit of putting Christmas evergreens about the house, but I always did it at home, and " He understood me at once. He faid, with his rare gentleness : " And you are trying hard to keep some of the old, Christinas feeling about you. Xou must forgive me it' I cannot help fleeing something cf. your brave Struggle, and yearning to help you in Yearning !• It was a strong word, But his eyes made, it stronger, as I ?ould not help glancing up to, see. And before, in my confusion, I could YroP min® again, somehow my muff was on the snow at our feet, aud both my hands were in hit.. 3£iss Deane—Annie—I can help you with my whole, life, Annie !" And, after that, is it any wonder if the sun shone straight into my heart? I don t think o.up researches would have added much to the cause of ei.ther zoology or. botany that day. On the fetter, especially, my lover would have made strange confusion, insisting that Tpe were passing under quite a number, of mistletoe bougha3 if my superior knowledge of the science had not set him right We did find' the crowfoot however, and, as X had expected, not too deep, in the snow. But when he had torn, up a long spray of it and flung it trailing over my shoulder, t stayed his hand. 3£a<ige and I could come another day for.suine—there was plenty of time before Christmas—but to-day's in-gatherings I meant to keep § 11 to myself. - . i A t least for this one day, I told him, \?hen we had reached the house, and paused together, in the porch, JPor this one day we would not call in any one, however friendly, to see what it had brought me; but to-night, when he was gone, then I would tell Aunt Mar garet that I was to be his wife. X said the word in a little flutter as we stood j there together, for already he bad been j Joking me how long X meant to keep own from him. As I paid it, I glanced up shyly at him, and it would have discomforted me to see how his j face changed, paling at that word, if ! »ia hand had not closed on mine with j j. tightening grasp which made tnc ashamed of a dawning doubt he wanted it. " Annie—51 The voice, full of strange pain, startled me. Could this day have any pain in it? Perhaps he read that thought—lie was always so quick to understand for he said : " I have a story to tell you, Annie, a story that may take some of the brightness out of the last seven years of my lite until now- St $11 I tell you now ? Or can you trust me that 'it is nothing which ought to part us ; and would you rather wait to hear it until to-morrow ?" I could trust bun; ay, rather, I could not distrust him ; and I told him so. Let us live this day out with- ' out a shadow ; afterward, if shadows j must cotrie, he should lead tne safely j through them. _ i " There is no danger in the shadow, Annie, there is only something for. us both to forget." " Let us forget it now, then. See., there is Aunt Margaret at the window singing to me ; she is afraid I shall let her neighbor, so. offend against her good oid-fashioned hospitality as to go away to his bachelor's hali, when it three o'clock and our dinner hour. The shortest day of all the year. We were watching its setting from the library window, we two left alone, for Mad ire and Fanny had driven into the village for the mail, and Aunt Mar garet was summoned to one of those kitchen cabinet councils which, in view of Christmas cheer, grew more. and more frequent under old Lethe's able, administration. So we two were ^landing together in the bay window, , watching the crimson glow fade <?$■ from the wide suow-stretcb of lawn that sloped down to the lane, dotted ■ her?, and there with a black-green pyramid of 3r, between the naked oaks, when presently I caught sight of some thin0, moving across their shadows flung stiff and dark against the white, " " Some one is coming," I said, breaking the happy silenced " A lady, I thought—though I wonder who it could be, walking. " What a bore!" "Oh, she'll uot be shown in here, and unless you feel disposed to go to. ! Aunt Margaret's assistance:—" ! Here I saw the side, door of the. I library opening from the lawn. The I visitor must have observed us at the window j. someone on sufficiently . unceremonious terms. It was a stranger. She had closed the door behind her., j and had come forward into the full glow of the Christmas wood fire, blazing on the hearth. A stranger, certainly; if 1 had ever seen her before, I should never, have, forgotten her. ' She was standiug, CT tbe hearth, and drew her slender gloved hands out of the. folds of her cashmere, shawl, holding them to. the warmth, before she turned to us the fairest face I have ever seeu—the fairest face one ever dreamed. Only that would, have.been a, strange, Fouque-like dream in which such a vision, should' come. ^ It could not have been after knowledge on my part, for before she spoke, while sh^ still; fronted us with that gay smile upon her perfect lips., I I thought of Undine in her soulless loveliness, light-hearted, glad, careless of othprs* pa^m because she could, not feel it- There is the Undine nature in. a child, too, for. whom there exists, no pain tHat does not bruise its own tender flesh, and that soft hardness made itself felt in" every lin? and curve about this woman, as she stood there, white and golden, looking at us out of those great brilliant eyes, of which I have read somewhere— Alive in tiieir depths, as the Krakeu beneath iLe sea blue— eyes which I would fain have followed for they fixed themselves 011 Brian. Only I could not, that face so held me, i " They told me at your house that you were here, perhaps; that you i were often here; and so I came," she said, still looking at Brian. I turned and looked at him, too, then ; the clear, soft, shallow, child 1 voice broke the spelk But he never saw me. His eyes were riveted oh her—just as a man might look who. sees a ghost. And then she.smijedi. ' She bad been beautiful "before, but now her beauty was bewildering. She Btretehed out her hands, to him. " Have you never a word of wel come, "riau, for your wife ?" He drew a. long, hard breath, and passed his hand, heavily over his eyes. He never once glanced my way, though I felt he saw me. all the. while. He answered her siow'y: "How is it you are not dead, Louise ? Fcr.neariy seven years you have allowed me to believe yo.u were." She laughed a mocking little laugh. Though she did not turn toward me, I knew she. had Sashed a glance at me. "Have you been a disconsolate widower all that, time, my poor Brian ? It was very wicked of me, of course. But then, you see, I always hated poverty ; and. you were so very impe cunious at that time, I really thought it better to. die oft* your hands." Here she turned: suddenly to me. with a sweet graciousness, of manner, while her eyes, alive with mocking spirits,looked me through and through." " My husband is a. little remiss at introductions, so I find, I must make myseli known to you, as l see you are one of his friends. Every one has a ski ]e!on in his closet, you know, and I present } 011 to Brian's.. " She made a pluyful courtesy as; she Bpokc, " Only be fancied it was laid away underground," she added. " Perhaps be has told you of our runaway match when he was at college, and how angry poor mamma was, and hushed the matter up, and carried me away to Europe to finish my scbool-dayB th^re. I And there it was that mamma made j her. brilliant second marriage—a real true German Baron; and we went away to Vu-nqa to live. But first I died; for one must die— must not one ? —to get into paradise. Brian would never have let me go there alire, so I sent him a lock of my hair and a little scrawling death-bed note enclosed in a letter from mamma's maid, who had helped us to run a,\yay the year before. Ton remember Kifine, Brian ? She lias come over with ®e now. Such a ciever soul i X can't tell how I should ever, without her, have managed to keep myself informed of your movements, and of course I had to do that, for all widowers aren't so constant, and you might have married again, you know know—" He interrupted her, hoarse with pas sion ; " And how do I know that; you—" Oh, Brian, how can you! As if that were not just what my stepfather and I quarrelled about! After, dear mamma died—slie died last year" (with a pretty, plaintive fall in voice and eyelids, come and gone as swiftly as 51 ehild'-e grave look)—"he. was quite set on making a match for me ; and of course that wouldn't do. at all, you know. Dear mamma was so con tent to let me enjoy life in my own way; but after she. was gone, the step-papa became just a little difficult. And so—Well, Brian, I knew you i\7ere no longer A poor man, arid ifest I should not drag you down now. And so I have come back to you, if you will have me." She put out her bands then, iii the prettiest pleading way. If I liad been a man. But Brian did not soften in the least. He had pent up his wrath, now and had it under his cpntrol; but his voice was still hoarse as he said to her: " I shall take, pains to learn whether all this is truth. ' Meanwhile we shall not trespass any longer * on Miss Deane's patience.' I shall take you back to my house, and will set out within the hour for Vienna. Miss. Deane will pardon—" Thea he broke off huskily. He had not once lifted his eyes to me since first they fell upon her shadow which the waning sunset cast between us. But—bow I had the strength I do not know—but I went straight up to her and took her hand and kissed her on the pretty, smooth white brow, as she lifted up her fa.ee. to. mine. Is there woman born who can kejp anger for a pretty child F Aud there are same people who never outgrow the charm and irresponsibility of childhood • if they pluck at one's heartstrings with their careless fingers until one could be stung into giving them a blow or a shake, one must kiss and be friends afterward. And then I turned to him—I must have had a vision of how it would all end ; for she was wonderfully fair; she had been his first love; she would be his last. I turned to him. " I am sure you will find all as she. has said, and that you will forgive her. I don't think I shall be here still when you, come back from your long ! journey, so you must let me give you iny best wishes now." Our hands met for one instant— not our eyes; we neither of us could j "bear that. Then our hands fell apart, and presently I was alone. My day was over ; twilight darkened in the window, gray and blank. And after twilight? Just a paragraph in a book I have been turning over by my solitary fire side to-night has set me thinking of alt this. It says: "There are women who live ajl their lives long in the cold white moon light of other people's reflected joy. It is not a bad Rind of light to live in, ; after all. It may leave some dark, ghostly corners in the heart unwarmed, but, like other moonlight, it lets & j great deal be seen overhead that sun- i shine hides."— Harper's Weelcly. 