NOT AIL IN VAIN/ By A.C. Chaptkb XXIX. I Mrs. Anderson's prediction as «# I of the trial was fulfilled to the letter—chiefly I by her own agency; for it was she who I hmncht into prominence the circumstances —onri tlie of tlra rirat meeting of tne IDuruau —— murdered at her house, and whose testimony —not oonsoiouBly false, but coloured in every word by her woman's jbrejudioe—cast all tne blame of the bad feeftng displayed on that occasion upon the former person. When to [this revelation of passion and jealousy— ( provoked by the mere presence of a rival in ' ®he same hemisphere, and nothing more— w$s added the fact that the irate lover | marched home in the momtrig and came back in the afternoon carrying a gun loaded with slugs, and when there happened to be nobody but himself to know that he had taken It to shoot dogs with (a suggestion I thatwas smiled away as too thra to be eon j-sidered seriously), the case appeared to be * I * ?tie right of publishing thto work has been jpuw chaied by the proprietor! of " Xbe AwwstaeUa very simple one ; nnd judge end jury warned f thmaehcs, nnd were warned by counsel, to deal even-handed justice to rich and poor, .,iid not allow themselves to be influenced in -w.Wiitions by any regard for the I . I rji;in rpaiJj(. <11)11 H>/< ■ their deliberations ny »u, . social jtositkm of the accused. The result .v«s a verdict of wilful murder against Forbes Alexander, with a recommendation to mercy I several obvious grounds; and he was: -.7 m death in due form, nnd subse-' SSe a j (itici"-.' muted to nnjinsouiiR-jit, .... fwentr years of penal servitude, less the few I months'he might be able to purchase by good ! well for K^thcrine to talk Jt was all very _ of keeping up, under tbese circumstances! Mesh and blood were unequal to the task— lies!) and blood of the texture of his, that! had lived delicately, in tiie warmth of wealth and woman's smiles, through all the davs of his careless existence. When the hoit fell, it stunned him. For a while his reason tottered under the shock and horror of his doom, in spite of Katherine's heart i -mlone effort to uphold him, and he cursed f .( ... fJio PYtjvniitc breaking ellori u> uV........—, his life and the Maker of it m the extremity and futility of his despair. "'«iiiis mercy?" he rayed, to the chaplain "Is thnHie!fn» impossible 'resignation and ,vle0doc°tor " bo dosed hLin for incipient bran the doctor ^ (Ue hat ,d b SV®'•800d ' hear this!" However, he did bear it—as we all bear the manifestly unbearable, when we arc actually jiut to it. No sooner had he fullen from his high estate to these depths of agonynnd ignominy, than all his family and connections tied froin the scene of his disgrace as from a country plague-stricken. His father, as Wilkins phrased it, "up and died." while the trial was still in pro gress. The fury of his excitement brought on a fit, in which he lay and snored in sensibly for some days, before surprising those who had heard the cry of "wolf" so often by yielding to the enemy. Hut before he had his tit he altered his will, cutting oft' the son that bad dishonoured him and " ' 1.*. —,, Eu-dd liis* life-long toil to naught; and when the fit was oyer, and th^as™ that had caused it, it was too> late forthe kindlier Eoml thoughts that might have brought repentance for the deed. Mrs. Alexander, * .1 , i iotiu ..f Pur (Ttvuvn-iin Rten wfio had seen little of her grown-up step children—never more than she could help retired with her young family to New Zealand and her own people, and was heard of no more. Took lost his heiress, as a matter of course, and was temporarily shattered by the disaster to his house. When the trial was over he said lie could liear no more-he could not face his friends again—he could not endure to see poor Forbes, or to think of him- and he realised his property, went way to travel, and never returned again. In course of time he absorbed himself into the crowd of London city meiij became identified with tinancial companies, grew rick, married a baronet's daughter, bought out an old family irom a historic castle and estate, and became a county magnate and vent to court widi his wife—who turned up her nose at Mrs. Joseph Anderson, when that lady attempted to resume relations with her rehabilitated old friend. Of all that bore the name of Alexander, and of Katherine, who insisted that she virtually bore it, Helle " washed her hands " at the conclusion of the trial, which was as soon as the law permitted her to do so; and Joe had no choice but to wash his at the same time. Shearing, as well as the trial, had ended before she could, get. her release from the country that she had never cared forand now abhorred ; so there was plenty of time for liini to settle his affairs in such a way as to enable biin to accompany her when she was ready, ami to remain with her his ehildien in their new home, as a well ordered husband and father was expected to do. lie hated it heartily, hut that didn't matter. In years gone by, when poor Major Knowles was living, an object to be nursed and shuddered at, a trip home had several times lieen suggested to Belle, in a humane and Christian spirit; and then she would not hear of it. The number of excellent reasons against going to Kngland nt those particular times had overwhelmed and crushed the one poor reason put forward by the proposer of that course—that it might l>e their duty towards their step-father and sister-in-law, and a comfort and support to those lonely sufferers. Now, when he could not bear the thought of settling down in an English country house, with nothing to do but to swear at the rain, and wlien it seemed to him a horrible thing to leave Katherine helium, impracticable and troublesome as she undoubtedly was—now he had to be dragged away from his familiar life and activities, for good and all, and knew that it was useless to protest. Helle said it was their duty to take Neil home to the family suit, and to see about the children's educa tion. Poor Neil, after being autopsied and in quested, was given to his mother earth in a little bush graveyard, where he might well have been left to the kindly oblivion which is the last due that reverence can pay; and Mrs. Anderson took great trouble and satis faction in making people believe that he really was to lie left there. Then, as guar dian of the dignities of death, she entered into plalif.-.* ' ' - into oini.^.i 6 . . "cam, sue entered an Jm!fc conspiracies with Government a^ainHwi,"^have him dug up !»to a ML° ,0a„da* •■■mi u aeai case as a grand piano, and bundled about wharves and railway stations by porters and lumpers who swore at the weight of the unwieldy package, being on no account allowed to know what it contained, And he had a second temporary grave in the hold of a lilackwall liner, all tare crew and passengers of which were blissfully uncon scious of having a corpse on board—except belle and Joe *, and Belle did not seem, to uund, in the ardour of successful enterprise, while Joe laid the foundations of a nabit time-.:—J ' • —. .umcii mm, oecause be felt it necessary to drown the feeling of being haunted by an ever-present ghost. \ And bo in due time the poor relics of what j had once been Neil arrived at the London docks, and were received by the old squire | and Tom, and put into a van, and conveyed, to a house prepared for them. Once more; surrounded by the legitimate pomp and cir- j tumstauce which called itself respect for the dead, he lay in a sort of state on another , dunngtoom table, with block-draped walls and lighted candles about him, and flowers neaped upon the silver- mounted oak comn that enclosed his leaden shroud. Then a plumed hearse carried him through the roar ing streets to Shored itch station, and that truck, which living passengers Biradder to think of when they know it to he 1 , 7-- ouutuo, uu wavfcu iuiu , jatr i^ded, with another plumed hearse, to. meet , 1 mnlly, lie was conducted to the old 1 » where Mr. Brand awaited him at 'A® b'cli-gate, prayer-lwok in hand, and U'ltai.' f ! HlftjCt#WWlV 111 UHUUf »»ti y? ,a ihffie block of ancient masonry "host adjoining the graves of Major ana Mrs. Knowles, a slab bad lieen removed, re vealing a dim stone staircase and a stone walledcrypt. In this underground chamber his unconscious wanderings and post-mortem indignities came to an end. They laid him down by his dead grandfathers and grand mothers—all packed in close rows, with their ornamental adjuncts tarnished and rotting in the horrible, moist, black air, hermetically curtained from the wholesome earth—ana they rolled the Btone to the door of the sepulchre, and sealed it, until such time as another Hammond should be borne thither. " Also of Neil," kc., kc., was engraved upon an outer slab, and a mural tublet was erected in the chancel over the squire's pew,to record the fact that here lay the remains of the be loved son who had been so cruelly cut off in his splendid prime. Then did Belle Anderson receive her re ward. "I knew," she said, to the weeping mother, " I knew what you would wish. I am amother myself, dear Mrs. Hammond, and only mothers can enter into those things. It was difficult to do, but I was determined to do it. And now, if anything can comfort us who loved him, and have lost him hi such a dreadful way, it is to know that he rests with his own people—that we have, at least, his grave amongst us." "Bless you, my dear, bless you for ever!" the good old lady responded, with tears and embraces. Naturally, she wanted her son's grave where she could see it, and cry over it, and lay flowers on it, and some day shore it with him ; and she had not seen, and would not think of, the means that had lieen used to compass the. desired end. "No words," she declared again and again, " can express our gratitude! 'Don't speak of gratitude," Belle mur mured. " I loved him as my own brother. I always did love him, when we were children together. I am only too thankful that it fell to me, and not to strangers." " An, you knew what he was! 3rou under stood him!" ' I did indeed. And he knew it too. Though we were only a few days together, he leant on ine—he looked to me " Belle put her handkerchief to her eyes, overwhelmed by the heartrending remem brance. " My darling girl! I shall always feel now that you nre one of us. Not like that dreadful sister of yours " " Only half-sister," corrected Belle. "That half-sister of yours, who was so cruel to him—when he loved her so!—and who was certainly responsible for his death." ' No," said Mrs. Anderson, with the humi lity of conscious virtue, " I hope not." " You must come and stay with us, my lear—yes, I insist on it—till you find a house to suit you. There's plenty of room for you all, and your husband can come and go as he likes. It's a house of mourning, but you mourn with us, and I needn't apologise for its being dull. You and I—we can talk about him together." So Belle, strikingly elegant in her black gowns, made a long stay with the Ham monds, and in course of time became known and popular amongst the married members of the family and the county folks who came to offer their condolences. Then she took a good house in the neighlrourhood. and set up a carriage, and gave parties, and ceased to remember that site had a blood relntion in the world. Joe did not cease to remember it, but poor Joe become of lcs3 and less account as time went on. In the utter emptiness and unintcrestingness of his life he took to drinking badly, and had to be kept much in the background. Katherine, however, was faithful unto death—or what was the equivalent for death. Entreaties and reproaches, reasonings and threatenings, were alike powerless to seduce her from Tier allegiance to the fallen man whom she deemed herself liound to "for better, for worse," and to whom she clung with a passion of devotion commensurate with his need of comfort. Though all men forsake thee, yet will not I forsake thee, was her stedfast assurance, and the encourage ment which enabled him to wear out his years of penance, after all. Hugh Lloyd-Price was her tower of strength —until Mrs. Hugh suddenly developed an attack of rabid jealous}', which necessarily dissolved Katherine's partnership with him. But this did not happen until the agony of the trial was otan end, and the three, living in the same house, had nothing to do but to watch each other. Katherine, having spent all her strength for Forbes, and being con fronted with six months of utter separation from him, knowing him to he sounding the lowest depths of numan woe meanwhile, herself collapsed for a time, as was inevitable; and her host, who had not believed it pos sible that a woman could hear up so nobly and so long, and who, between admiration and pity, really could hardly attend to any thing but the task of mitigating her grief, certainly laid himself open to those mis judgments which are so liable to occur in sucn a case. At first, and for a considerable time, Polly took pride and glory in making common cause with those who stood up for her cousin in his day of adversity, and she spurred on her husband to serve and shelter Katherine, whom Belle had so disgracefully deserted—Belle, who had at last shown her self in those true oolours to which only men had been wholly blind. But when Belle was gone, and the novelty of the thing bad worn off, the little woman who was used to being petted herself grew tired of petting another woman, especially when that woman had others to pet her; and then Polly felt Directed, and then aggrieved, and then resentful, and then flew into a sudden temper and de manded of Hugh whether it had come to this —that she was to stand tamely by and see herself supplanted in his affections, and re duced to be a nobody and a nonentity in ber own houae! A coolness all round, and much mutual disoomfort and embarrassment ensued: and very shortly Katherine took herdeporture from the house—never to resume anv cordial tela tionB with it—and went to " do for herself in j Melbourne; and. she would not allow Lloyd-, Price to esoort her thither, to his intense mortification. She had rallied itom her eollapse, and was desperate for something to do and to live for, by this time; her brain seethed with plans; and all her Plans were for one end, and that .end not tone reached for eighteen or twenty years. Jock Alexander was leaving the country, and giving delivery of his Murray station to a new owner; Mrs. Wickham was severing her long connection with him, and seeking to ally herself with the poor remains of the family that were left behind. " I promised him as I would do for you," she said to Katherine, when visiting her at the Lloyd-Prices, " and do for you I will, if so be you're agreeable* and never mind how small a place we're in, and we needn't say nothing about wages at present It will ease his poor heart to know as I'm doing for you. ' Look after her. Wickham,' soys he to me ; and I says to him,' My dear, I will,' I says ; and that I'll Btand to, mono- or no money." "Money," said Katherine, when Bhe had duly .acknowledged the foregoing handsome offer, "money is the only thing I think I shall care for in the world, for the next eigh teen years—it won't be more than eighteen, they tell me, if he is good, and I know lie will be good. I have only alxjut enough for one person to live on, and he lias nothing ; but when he comes .out Wickhom—when he is beginning to get old, and has only that little piece of life left, 1 must see to it that he has ease and rest, and everything that can comfort and restore him. I am going to work for that—only that—to have plenty for him when he wants it. I don't care how I work or what I do—I shall not be bothering about a home for myself in the meantime; I shall live on as little as possible, save as much of what I have, and make as much more as I can, against the time when they will give him back to me—if he can hold out till tnen." "Two heads are better than one," said VVickham. " And two pairs of hands better still. Suppose you take boarders ? or have a school ? or go into business t llow'll you do without somebody ?" Katlierine cogitated. " It'll ease his poor heart to know as I'm looking after you," the old woman reiterated. " And we mustn't let him fret more'n we can help." This was the strong argument, and pre vailed. So they went to Melbourne together, and set up housekeeping, and a trade whereby money might be made. And Wickham be came a great despot, and the faithfullest of that class of family servants which are hut a fading tradition in these days. 