THE LITERARY MOVEMENT. . B- A-îDiow LANG. When last I wrote there was no literary move ment to speak of, and now books in brown-paper parcels keep streaming in, like the milk and eggs on the man who set agoing the mysterious mill, and did not know how to stop it. Plenty of publishers' wares are in the shops ; I sincerely trust that the world is buying them. Novels, of course, are most interesting to the general reader. Mr. Hall Caine's book, " The Scape Goat," must be extremely splendid if it deserves all the praises which it receives in the press. Unluckily I have not seen it. Having expended 3s 6d on Mr. Hall Caine's " Bondsman," in the belief that nothing could be written about Iceland which would not interest me, I found that I was mistaken, and regretted the " coined money " as Dominic Sampson says. But the " Scape Goat," who hails from Morocco, may be livelier. I cannot make his acquaintance in time for this letter. The public must not let themselves be put off with "The Family Scapegrace," though, for one, I would not regret the mistake, for that is quite a different work. Odd mistakes are made, certainly, in the titles of books when culture gets ahead of ' spelling, as we read in " The Library Journal." At a public library, (probably free) amateurs asked for " Sequel of Saracknosea which is Saint Hilaris," "Cluster on the Hearth " (which sounds domestic) By Special" " Dona's Emanuel of Geology," "Nux Amico" ("Pax Vobiscuin"), and "MarioBash worships." In almost every case the applicant mount to be up to the high-water mark of culture, but his success was not equal to his intentions. To return to novels, Mr. Grant Allen's " Recalled to Life" is an excellent puzzle I never found out " who did it." till the novelist enlightened me, and yet one ought to have guessed. This work is written in the English language, not in some now- invented private jargon, and it does not solve any single social or religious problem. Simple and contented minds may therefore approach it without fear, but are not likely to fell in love with the heroine It is different in the case of Mr. Tirobuok'B ''Dorrie" I am in love with Dorrie. I regret her conduct and lament his fate, and wish her history worn shorter, and happier. But a sincere affection will pardon everything, to Dorrie. Mr. Conan Doyle's White Company " has loss of the air of reality than his excellent historical novel " MioalB Clarke" It is a tale of Frossard's time, and no novelist since the great magician fell asleep has ever been able to do justice to that splendid ago. There is no use in writing a tournament scene after " Ivanhoe," and Mr. Doyle's tourney suffers from the comparison ; but his is a vivacious chronicle for all that. Still, as an historical novel, one prefers both Q's. " Splendid Spur" and Mr. Hanley Weyman's admirable " House of the Wolf." Q. has a new tale, " The Blue Pavilions," which has not yet appeared ; but the title is very attractive. It is needless to recommend Mr. Kipling's " Life's Handicap," as everyone who reads anything reads Mr. Kipling. Many of the tales are as good as his best ; a few lighter sketches were hardly worth including, by him, at least. It is a pity he over wrote "The Mark of the Beast" at must be nearly five years since I read that story firsthand the narrative of the murderous ape. Mere horrors, incredible horrors, as far as the Mark of the Beast" goes, are not worthy Mr. Kipling's notice. Mr. Norris " Mr. Chaino'sSons" is none the better for a murder. Murders do not see Mr. Norris's genius in fact, no violent incidents are fitted for his handling. He generally gives them in almost an apologetic manner, Booming to say, " Well, if you must have an adventure here goes." Slightly satirical sketches of well-bred persons are more in his line, and murderers are seldom well bred, more's the pity. Mr. Bryce's Miss Maxwell's Alf actions" (in which Miss Maxwell was too abundantly rich is very well spoken of; Mr. Marion Crawford's " Witch of Prague " is thought too precipitous for the wings of the most credulous fancy to ascend. I fancied that I had once taken a hand in quite the most utterly impossible of romances ; but the " Witch of Prague ' ' simply romps in for ahead of any modern fairy tale for impossibility. By the way, how few people have read "Tales of the Century," by John Sobieski and Charles Edward Stuart, published in 1846\. The book seems never to have been a favourite, but in its wild way this history of the last of the Stuarts is very good reading. Who were those gentlemen, at one time familiar figures in London. Their own hypothesis, as every one knows, is that they were children of Charles Edward, born in wedlock, their mother being the Countess of Albany. This is difficult to believe, but " Tales of the Century" is not difficult to read, and the notes are fall of rare old Jacobite morning. Probably any one who republished the " Tales " would be no loser, as there is a kind of Jacobite fad in existence at present. But the question remains, Who were the authors of " Had they a father P had they a mother P" and if so, who wore these progenitorsP So much for novels; doubtless plenty of respectable stories are here neglected. Nobody can read all the new novels. In poetry the boat thing is 2000 years old, and can only be studied at present in very corrupt Greek. " The Misses of Herondns " are Greek drawing-room plays, written, perhaps, in the Isle of Cos, about 200 n.o. Nobody knows anything about the author. The newspapers have told how they were found in an Egyptian papyrus (a good deal broken), and how Mr. Kenyon, of the British Museum, published a first rough text of them. Dr. Rutherford has amended the text, and the learned have been busy at the plays in the Academy, and the Classical Journal. I have not yet made a profound study of the little dramas, but at a first glance, they seem full of pretty points for actors. The most feasible for the modern drawing-room stage is " The Lady's Friends, of A Little Gossip." Servants, dress, and other ladies are naturally the topics of talk. The other dramatic scenes are scarcely fit for performance in an audience of boys and maidens. But all give a very vivid picture of life and character, and only one is tedious, perhaps, because it is so corrupt that one cannot follow the allusions. With all our weary Greek plays we have never yet had scenes of ordinary Greek domestic life put on the academic stage. To myself the Greek tragedies, on narrow modern boards, always appear very dull and out of place, with the exception of Mr. T. R. Benson's acting as Clytemnestra, long since. When Clytemnestra come out alone and faced the audience with the dripping axe, we saw what the Athenians saw there 24 centuries. agone. The rest is clever, but dismal. Horondos is not dismal, and he is not long. There is no other now poetry worth mentioning. Mr. Watson's Wordsworth's Grave " is very agreeable and manly verse, but even that was published some time since, though it has but now come into favour. Mr. Henley's "Lyra Horoioa" is a pleasant and prettily-printed collection of verse, mainly patriotic-poetry of action. One does not quite see why " Kubla Khan " is in landed, and I think Mr. Henley has done his editorial duties rather too rigorously. We have no right to clip a poem of Campbell's, though we may wish he had stopped sooner than he chose to do. In every collecting some readers will miss favourites ; but here, at all events, we find some verses which are not hackneyed, and deserve at once to be accepted as now friends. In learning and antiquities, we have Miss Eugenie Sellers" capital translation of Dr. Sohuohardt's book about Dr. Sohliomann's discoveries, and we have Mr. Morris and Mr. Magnusson's version of the Eyrbyggja Saga. It is not one of the best Sugar as a romance, but none is richer in details of life, manners, and ghosts and goblins. The discovery of America by the Icelanders is incidentally referred to, and we hear how Snorri, " the bravest of men," died in battle with the Skraolings,-<.«., Rod Indians. So much of the din of the literary world has reached me in the melancholy shrouded study at Abbotsford, where I have been busy with men of the past, hearing their dead accounts, seeking through the correspondence of Sir Walter Scott troops of the history of his glorious romance. To Overseers! VTu__i.-Pepper'« Quinine and Iron Tonic gives new life, appetite, health, -and-, energy Cups neuralgia, i_di_««Uo_, nerve debility. Bottles, its day ___toa__v___-ppu-'i Teal-.-___TT.J 