THE M0E" MINE. THE DIRECTORS AND RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS. A SERIES OF CONTRADICTIONS. Mr L. Henderson, Secretary of the Aloe Coal Alining Company, writes as follows to the "Argus " : — Sir, — On reading in your columns on Alonday the report of the deputation rrom tlie residents or uoairnio to uie Railway Commissioners I was very much struck wjth some of the information given by tbe chairman to the members of the deputation, and can only think that the feeling imported into the discussion, " which is to be deprecated," has iu some way caused an oblivion of some of the facts of the case. Hitherto I have not interfered in the matter, a:; the tale has to be told later on, but iu justice to the company, and to the board of directors, for and on account- of whom I am now writing to you, I cannot allow some of the statements of the commissioners to pass unchallenged. Taking the items " to bo distributed " in the report in the order in which they occur, I come to the statement by the chairman — 1\. That on receiving a lei f or from the department that they could not give more than 15:;. 7d. a tm for the coal, the com pany replied that the price lias £1, ami that if the department would not pay that the mine would be stopped. This wholly mc-jrrcc; . The ini;io was stopped because the company got formal notice on I'm 13th January that the commissioner!; would not be just ified in paying more than 15s. 7d. per ton for the coal. To this a reply was sent on the 16th to the effect that the mine would ho stopped be can. so (he price was reduced below an amount at which the com pany would carry on. Not one word about £1 a ton. In a previous letter we had asked if the department would give us £1 per ton, but we never lb re .tuned to close the mine if they refused to give us this price. 2\. Air. Speight. — Wo gave them 18s. Id. to start with, and after a while we gave them 2>. <id. more. This is also incorrect. The company never sold any coal at 13s Id. We started at lis. per ton, and this went on for about 15 or 16 mouths at a steady loss to to the company. At the tisiie of the New South Wales coal sii-ike hi J8S8, Air Gillies, the then Alini-ster of Railways, announced iu Parliament, in .September I think of that ye n-, that the Govern ment would give 25s. for all Victorian coal during the remainder of that year and 22s. 6d. afterwards. The commis sioners interpreted this for themselves, and took delivery of our coal for consump tion at WaiTagu, Aloe, TVurulgon, Sale, and other stations along the line, hut de ducted tlic carriage to Alclbourue, where at that time hardly any w;rs taken, except din ing the strike. So for the remainder of that year, (about three months), we had 25s. per loll, less 6s. lid. for haulage to Melbourne — 18s. Id. per ton. From the 1st Jr.nnary, 1883, wc had 22s. 6d., less (>.i. Ild. carriage to Alclbourne — 15s. 7d. — although at that time all our coal was kept up country for consumption on the Gippsland lines and saving the car riage of New South Wales coal to War ragul. We have always given credit to the ATinister of Rail ways of the day for this small but absolutely necessary rise of Is. 7d. per ton. Without this we should have been shut lip two years ago. 3\. Mr. .Speight then went on to say that the coal was not even worth 15s 7d that there had been trials made, and that the coal was from 25 to 40 per cent, in ferior to Newcastle coal, that he had given the company results and they would not believe them, that he did not care to publish them, as they were un satisfactory, <£c., winding up with — "lis fact, the drivers would not use the coal if tliey got a ghost of a show of avoiding!!," &e.; Very luce this, but which for the present I will pass without comment, ex cept as to accuracy again. I can assure Air. Speight that no re sults have been furnished to this company, although wo understand two sets of trials have been made — one on the Oakleigh line, the other from .Spencer-street. We call on Air. Speight to furnish us with these results, and as he has done all he can to ldackcu (pardon the atrocity) the character of the Aloe coal, we ask him to publish them also if lie chooses. lie says lie did not publish them because they were unsatisfactory. We invite him to do. so now after hi ; public declaration. Air. Speight also states in connection with his figures that half of the coal or more has been brought to Alolbounie. This was only during the strike, when we got daily messages from tlie railway store keeper to try and double our output if pos sible, or mi previous occasions when there was only a few days' supply at Spencer- slruet and gales of wind at sea. With these, exceptions I venture to say that three-quarters on an average of what coal we produced never went beyond Warra gul. Air. Speight can easily get returns and put me in the wrong if this is not so. I am presuming on obtaining a large purtion of your space, but I must plead the great importance of tlie question and the anxiety that public opinion should be prejudiced, also the great importance not only to the Aloe Company, but to tlie coal industry of Victoria. T have only written once— two years ago — on a coal question, when I had to take exception to a statement given to the Press by tbe chairman of commissioners as in the in feriority of Aloe coal, and as the executive officer of the company, I liave fell a delicacy in coining into conflict with the chairman, but my duty to and instruc tions from, my directors would not allow me to be silent on this occcasimi. Thanking ymi in anticipation for ilio lirivilegc accorded to me, — I am Arc., i j. HENDERSON. Secretary Moc Coal-mining Company Limited. 482 Collins-street, Jan. 21. Hrs Excf.i.lkscy the Governor left I'rinces' Bridge by tbe 5.10. (rain on Tuesday evening for a trip over the Australian Alps, lie was accompanied by Lord Bosehill, Mr. Wheeler, Air. Al'lniyre, and Mr. Brock M.L..Vs. The usua' slay was made on reaching Warragul, and it was the intention of tlic local brass band under Mr. C. IL Bowles, to serenade his Excellency, but not having a permit to perform the ceremony," they had to forego the honor. As the train moved off, however, they played the National Anthem, and then the Governor, who had remained closely ensconced within the luxuriously fitted State carriage, emerged from his seclusion and acknowledged the compliment by graec- fully bov.-ing. A rov days ago SHss Maplcson, daughter of Mr. F. C. Maplcson, of Lcngwarry South, had a narrow escape from being hi itcn by a snake while out in the hnylieJd. Miss luaplcson was silting down at tlic time taking sonic refreshments, when she felt something wriggle in her skirts. Thinking it was a large lizard, she got up and gave her dress a shake, when the girl was terrified by seeing a large snake drop to the ground. The snake was quickly despatched by the men stand - iug by. 