SPORTING NOTES FROM SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FaOJI OUS CORBESPOXDEXT.) ADELAIDE, J ax. C. I The S.A..T.C. liad splendid weather for their New Year's Day fixture, and the meeting teas in every respect a success. Despite the ravages of the locusts, Mr. Whitington had the lawn in capital order, and the attendance of ladies was larger than usual, while the outside stands become fuller at each successive meeting. The totalisator was also well patronised, £0,813 going through over six races. The Hurdle Race which opened the proceedings brought out eight starters, and to the surprise of everyone Simpleton was found to he one of the party. With list, on his back the race was only a matter of jumping for the fine looking son of Sir Edmund, and although be rapped a couple of hurdles very hard he went to the front at the last jump, and cantered home half a length in front of Wallaby who was t lying to concede biin 01b. The others were liadly beaten. It is reported this morning that Mr. Ferrv lias sold Simpleton for 1,001 guineas, but I have heard nothing about it. I think it will not he long before the big fellow is seen over fences. The Selling Race was , at first supposed to be a match between The Dart and C-hloris, but at the finish of the betting the Western district mare Gold ring was so well backed that she supplanted Chloris. The race proved a soft thing for the visitor, who led nearly all the way, and won in a cauter by fonr lengths. Syntax proved his worth by carrying a 101b. penalty and winning the Two-year- old Handicap after getting a very bad start. That terribly un lucky filly Vagary was only a head behind the winner, with* Herod, a neck off, third. The winner will beat all our two-year-olds by the end of the season, and may even prove a thorn in the side of some of "Mr. W. R. Wilson's smart, youngsters. The New Year's Gift was rather a facer for followers of recent public form, as the favourites, Shootover and | Milo, had not the ghost of a chance with Maelstrom, I who simply romped home from the Adelaide Cop I winner, with Milo third. It will be remembered that in commenting on the Anniversary running I sug gested that Maelstrom might win this race, Imt I was not basing my calculations on his running that day. I do not think his party won much, as they were frightened of Shootover, who did not run'at the A.lt.C. Meeting, but showed splendid form on the A.R.C. tracks. What the result of the Steeplechase would hare beeu had Highflyer not run Prosper pff a fence is not safe to conjecture, but the top weight seemed to be going well within himself when the acci dent occured. Ashes was in front at the time, but the little fiwordflsh inare caught him five furlongs front home and won easily, the veteran Ashes breaking down at the finish. The winner belongs to Mr. C. Watson, who owns another promising Swordfish in Sunftsh. Naylor stable had better luck in the Marino Handi cap, as The Cossack, a fine-looking colt by Neckers gat from Alethe, got off wetland wop all theway, the two-year-olds Herod and The Arab filling the places. The wiunerbetangs to Mr. John Lewis,one of the A. R .C. committee, and he wiHbc remembered over your side, as Mr. John Leek once had him in training at Caul field. The Cossack paid £10 12«., which was the largest dividend during the day. On the day after the meeting a protest was entered against Goldring for the Selling Race on the ground that his pedigree had not been sent in with bis nomination. There was no ques tion of any fraud hating been aimed at as Mr Hugiiewbad handicapped the mare in May when she ran at the A.R.C. Meeting, but the rale savs that an animal must be fully described until it lias been named to the secrotaiy of the 6.A.J.O., and has ran on the course. There was no question as to beta, but it was generally anticipated that the detistou must go against Gokiring as far as stakes were concerned. However, the stewards decided the matter on equitable grounds. They called >6-. Hughes, the handicapper, and having heard him they dismissed the protest. The following is the official judgment supplied to the press " The protest en tered by the nominator of The Dart against Goldring, winner of the Disposal Handicap at the 8.A.J.C. New -Year's Day-Meeting, on the ground of informal Domi nation, was considered by the S.A..T.C. stewards at- a meeting held on Monday. The following is the find ing :—'The stewards, after careful eonrideration, arrived at the conclusion that the horse bad been sufficiently described, and that no one had been misled, and accordingly dismissed the protest."' Every one will admit that this is • very fair and just decision, if the stewards have pow er to ignore i the rule' before mentioned; but I am afraid it■ will hardly satisfy the owner of The Dart, and if I am not very much mistaken the S.A.J.C. gave a diametrically opposite decision in the case of orator mid St. Barb some years ago. However, there is no question that Goldring won the race on her merits, and that her party had not the slightest intention of deceiving anyone in the matter, so it is to be boned there will be no law business over tbe'ease. The A.R.C. have rather astonished people by the way in which they have increased their stakes for the May meeting. The added money for three days amounts to £1,000, which is more than a thousand over the amount given last year; and as the club has a tent £4,000 in improvements during the two years icy have had the course, this programme tWPta* be considered a wonderfully liberal one. Aythe Same time it is rather a risky renuire, as tliere is always a chance of wet weather in May, and even With everything in their favour they cahoot hope to make more than a small profit after jiaying £4,000 in stakes. However, the action of the d^showshow anxious the committee are to iumrovetiiediiarader of sport in this colony, and cvaypne wtffitfSISSlP the best of lock. The principal Strieh^TsToftwui'se, the Birthday Cup, to wju<& tew Is given, and then there is the CM)'- Handicap, of £350; the Steeplechase, of M00; a llimtle llocc, of £8£0 [ and the A.R.C. TDrtklhtap, of £250. Thc olher Stakes a re veiy evp. and It to juat the eort of programme which-idiould atiract visiters tooome o ver wfthntihU • ^wrfdjciiro. There me nowceps; and the entrant* todaoofeptauoefeesaiSFCiyjUmv -T? rEreryjme!iereisto4^i g^ prcr the sbuw* public reccjiliqp on their rriimi, .The victory should do a lot towards poprihutong cridtetTin i% colony. 