LADY CUE 1WYDDS : SPECTRE, COHAPTER XXX. BElSICE IN DEADLY PERIL. If Chetwynd's sensation at beholding her was one of rapture, hers was one of terror. She trembled in her fear if discovery. They regarded each other for some moments in astrange silence, Chetwynd .breath came heavily and pantingly. His eyes were wild and starting. Sud denly, without a word or cry,he leaped forward and ran towards her head. long. B Bernice retreated before him in an instinctive flight, He pursued: She could almost hear his frenzied breathing. He came on with a swift rush,as if ho meant to seize her whether she were human or spirit. She turned into the Vida avenue and fled like a deer. She would not be taken. Better death than to be taken Sto her o!d hdr'e with loathing better Ideath than to feid that shehad again brcke up his happuit`s, He loved Sylvia and wondered at hie in 'tution :for Bernice. No, she could not oc' captured by him. .bhe turned again into an obscarte epath near at hand, and caught up her dress, and flung around her black cloak T~hen she halted behind a tree, conceal aing her self., Chetwynd went by along the path. swiftly, in a blind pursuit. He had lost sight of the glorious vision; but ho prayed to see it again-only pncoagain. ]1?rnica listened until the sound of is tread had died away in the dis. ance. She was panting and frightened did eyed and trembling. She crept 5rth from her concealment and enter d the path again.. She did not glance ehind her, else she would have seen he tall, shadowy figure of the old 'astIndian woman stalking silently lPnlie dark border of the path. But Rageo saw her and knew -her. And suddenly as Bernice stole along the lonely path--(hetwynd far beyond hearing-the old woman launched 0'herseolf forward in a swift, panther spring and hurled herself upon Bernice beaving her to the earth in'the violence of her onslaught. 'f've got you at last, have 11' hissed thq witchlike old woman, holding the girl in her iron grip. 'And now if you please we'll come to a setth - msnt.' S OfAPTER I XXI. O-LD RAGEE AND IIERVICTIIO. Thbe suddenness of the old East Indian woman's attack upon her for an in. .stant paralyzed the young Marchioness of Ohetwynd. Old Rages had hurled herself upon the slender form of the girl with the impetuous fury of an enraged panther, and Bernice felt hel self-borne down almost to the e rth, by tlio.eudden and insupportable burden. With a thick; gasping frightened cry, Bernice caught wildly at the neare:t support, a slim young tree; and clung to it, while the old woman, clutching her : fiercely, hissed wcrds of menace in her ears. Bernice did not faint nor shriek. The moment her bIrief stupefaction began to clear away, she turned upon her aesiliant fighting like a little tigress. She was in a panic of mortal terror, and she struck out blindly, wi:h all the energy of an utter desperation. * She-speedly discovered that she was out as a child in the iron grip of her auciliaon. Rogec's muscles were of steel.; A desperate fury animated the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage also having not relaxed her first hold on Bernice, and the girl panting and breathless, wild eyed and trembling stood still at last, and looked over her shoulder a: her enemy with a wild and horrified gaze. 'Who is il' she answered pant, ing. 'It is I- id Ragee!' hissed the Hindoo wouman in the girl's ear. the expression in Bernice'a eyes deep ged into amazement and terror. She adh, another vain effort to free herself; then she whispered 'What do you want of mel What is the meaning of this. assault?' 'Perhaps you think 1 don't know youl' said the Hindoo woman, taunt iugly. 'it was 1 -.ho dragged the shawl from your shoulders that night in the great house. I know you,' and her tonesitrew fierce and hateful. 'I know you neylady. " You were supposed to have4died, you lay in state in youe lur:al robes for six days; you were buried in the Chetwynd vault; andyet youiare alive! It is you and none other. It is you and not a cast. It is you in the flesh, alive, strong, well How happens this, that you live who have been mourned as dead?' The fierce, vindictive voice failed to kindle a spark of anger in Bernice's breast. Her heart throbled with a keen ppin. She was bewildered, dizzy and still tremblin'g. She did not answer. 'Speak!' cried the Hindoo woman,, shak.ng her do you deny tha: you are the Mearcbioness of Ohetwynd?' Bernice's oath prevented her drtclar ing hcrindentiy. Not even to old Ragee could she confess herself the Marchioness of Chetwynd. 'Speak!' reiteratedthb old woman. Speak or I shall drag you up to the great house and into my lord's pres ence; -The Ilindoo woman fancied, from the fact that Bernice had so far refrain. ed from revealing herself to Lord Ohet. ,vynd, that she had some motive for keeping silent yet longer, and she believ tel. that her threat would intimidate the young marchioness. Yet salo was notprepared far the actual lerror her words inspired. Bernice tttered a moaning cry, and crasped the id woman's arm in quick affright. 'No, no!'shae cried. .'I will not go ere I What do you want of men' !You acknowledge that you are Lady betwyndl' 'No I cannot acknowledge that,' 'It isn't necessary. I know you. Who rescued you from your collin'T rThe girl shivered and was ailent. Vi'.Wii it Gilbert Monk l' StSill Berneice was dumb. I know it was. You do not any nay. It was Gilbert Meik who rescued you frlon your tomb,' cried Rngpe, with a strange mixture ofanxiety and triumph W'ihlt was the matter with you in your illnorsal How came he to rescue you' Why dc you ask me all these ques iosli'ask d cernice.'I cannotanswer slr; Let me go, Let me go, I say.' 'ly urn i c5a . I hav'n't begun to .pes to you yet,' ai4 the jlindoo, dete~nined to ascertain precisely how mnc13Bernice knew of the diabolical lotaiiit her. life,: and thinking it I po d that Gilbert ?Ionk might have cnfd the truth to her. 'Toll mne what was .le matter ~with you in yonr again Betaice was silent,? The sudden call of a bird startled them both. They fancied that Lord Chetwynd was returning. They listened but other sounds did not follow. The young ma~quis eas not near. 'We are likely co be interrupted here. said Rages. 'Oome with me. Do not bang back. I shall not hurt you, She graoped Bernice's arm yet more tightly, and hurried with her down the narrow path among the tremulous gleam of light and among the lurking shadows. They plunged into portions of thae park which Bernice had never visited, and at last they came out upon the border of a lovely tike lake formerly much ud In winter by the Ohet wynds and their guests as a skating pond. This lake was lower than the sur face of the park, and was enclosed by high banks, which were covered witn stately tresq. Theborders of the lake were in shadow, but its centre lay in the full sheen of the moonlight, and looked like some great pellucid pearl. Laere was upon one bank of the lake a small overhanging chaier of the Swiss order of architecture, which had been built for the use of skaters in winter. Its apper story, reached upon the land ward side by a flight of stairs, was pro vidad with a great wide balcony across itsentire front, where spectators had been wont to nit to view the skaters. The upper room of the chalet was completely furnishtd, and was us ually kept looked. Old Rages had lately supplied herself with keys to the building, with a view to her present use of it. 'Bernice recognized the spot on arriv ing at i,. Chetwynd had brought her here by another route. Od ktgoen half led half drags'd,her victim up the long airy flight of out side stairs tothe upper balcony of the ehlshlt. The roof was wide and pro-. jecting,and the balcony lay deep shadow. The Hindoo hurried Bernice a!ong in the'gloom to the door that gave upon the upper room and there halted. There was rustic chairs and sofas in profusionupon the wide balcony. Ragee seated her captive upon a sofa and sat down beside her keeping a close hold upon her. They were upon the water side of the building, and the entire structure concealkd them from the view from the direction whence they had come. The lake lay before them, and was under their very balcony, and beyond were dark and wooded shores belonging to the park. 'We are alone,' said Ragee, in a voice that thrilled Bernice with strange terror. 'Alone my ladyl Do you com prehendl' 'Yes,' faltered Bernice we are alone.' 'Are you afraid?' 'No-- why should I bel But it is all so strange. Let me go Rages-oh let me go!' 'There you have confessed, in he the utterance of my name, that you are Lady Chetwynd. Now I ask you again, and I ask it for the last time, a bat was the matter with yeu in lour illnessl She struck a taper, which she drew from a box in her pocket, and held this light to the girl's face. That face was very pale from emotion and weariness, but there was a breve and dauntless sonl. And though Bernice as before, refused to answer the question, the old [lindoo woman searched her features in vain for any acknowledge of the wieked rt empts upon her ladyship's life. It was evident that Monkbhad not betrayed to her his sister's guilt. Rages drew a breath of relief. 'If you were to ask me these ques tions all night,l said Bernice. '1 still could not answer you. 3 on are but waisting time no me.' Something of the truth began to dawn on the mind of the astute East) Indian woman. She began to perceive that Bernice was fettered by some promise given to Gilbert Monk. Evid ently be was keeping the girlse :luded for a purpose. Did he mean treachery to his sister Did he intend toproduce Be rnice at some important crisis--say at Lord Obatwynd second bridaland claim a fortune as his recompenses Old Rages began to think that :this was Gilbert Monk's plot; but she had not yet fath.. omed the depths of his plans and intrigues. 'i suppose,' Ragee Said roughly that you are bound by some oath, my lady? What are you doing at Chetwynd Park playing ghostS Ycu have changed grown beautiful,too I suppose, but what will your beauty avail youl Perhaps you think to win hack yon, former husbandi You might as well try to win back your lost baby hood. The lightof the taper flickered and went out, and the two were again in shadow. The Hindoo woman could not see how her words affected'her hearer, and went on harshly-. 'Lord Ohetwyndis greatly annoyed at the appearance of your supposed apparition. HIe threatens to leave the park if heis further haunted. IHe says that he is oustlypunishedforhaving married through a short.lived fan:y, hut that, as he was a good husband to ou, you should not now molest him. ,eo 'sy that he never suffered you to know boh bittrlTy be repented his marriage.' . 1. 'Did he tell you thisl' demanded Barnice haughtily, yet with a voice I quivering with pain,' . i !No--he told my young minsiress. 8he was his Orat loye, you know. f0 I 1 won't bethrothed to her. He loves I her with all his soul. T he truth is I my lady, you ought to have revealed the fact of your recovery it the tnue of it. You have kept the secret to. long. A week after your supposwi t death, Lord Chetwynd would have welcomed you back with joy. Now he would receive you with horror and loathing. Every word of this speech pierced to Bernice's very soul, yet she did not cry nor moan. The words were but a repetition of those with which Gilbert Monk had so cruelly stabbed her. If t was as he had said- her place was filled, and she was forgotten. The girl arose-Rages loosening her grip upon her-and walked unsteadily to the low railing of the balcony and leaned upon it. Theold. woman watched her some C moments with a singular gleam in her eyes, and a look of hatred so intense I that it was odd the girl could not feel it. Then Rages arose silently and crept t across the balcony towards the girl with the stealthiness of a cat, her t talon-like figures crooked and extended and her face distorted with an ex I pression of murderous fury. Bernice's face was averted. she did not bear her enemy. I ageo continued to creep towards her stiliy;her murderous look deepened t in her eyes and on her dusky withered face. Her lips were compressed. Her I eyes gleamed now like living coals. Her breathing came hard and quick. And etillthe youthful Lady Chet did not hear her. Arriving'within three or four feet of Bernice, the old Hindoo woman paused, and gathered togetler her sill supple figure fora spring. Then with a bound of a wild beast, and an inarti culate cry on her lips, 'Id Rgee hurried herself forward upos the slen der girl, caught her up in hb arms and flung her over the balcony into the waters of the lake. Bernice's scream and the splash in the co d waters were simultaneous. Old Rages leaned upon the balcony and look over in the darkness. She knew that the water was deep at that point, and that the girl was likely. to drown. She was not prepared for the sight that met her eyes. Bernice was striking out with one arm feebly, but with the skill of a swimmer, for a distant point of the shore. The girl's instincts warned her to avoid the banks adjacent, to the chalet, where her enemy would be likely to prevent her landing. . . The old woman muttere, a'curse i her rative tongue. 'She can swim like a fish,' she mutter ed 'I had forgotten that she was taught to row and swim and sail a boat at St Kilda. She strikes out forthe deeper water. She means to land at that jungle like point yonder! What courage! What coolness! bhe'll outwit me yet. Ah she begin's to flag. She uses but one arm in swimming-why is thati She must have struck the other on that pile of stones just under the surface of the water-;he pile whieh forms the fountain of the little.pier his lordship planned. Perhaps her arm is broken. She stops. She is hurt, or chilled, or has a cramp!' She was right. Bernice had ceased to exert herself. She floated on the water as if helpless, and then threw up one arm wildly. Thenext moment with a wild scream, Berrice sank slowly in the dark waters, which closed above her, 'She is drowned,' muttered the Hin doo woman, with a jubilant laugh. I'll come to look for her body in the morning, and every day until I find it. I will then tie stones to it and sink it. No one must ever know that she came backto life. Irather think Mr Gilbert Monk, that I have frustrated your schemes. The ghost of Chetwynd Park is laid,and my missy will be Lady Chetwynd, with no one to molest herl We'll see how my lady will rise from her grave the second time!' With a horrible laugh on her shrivell ed lips, the old Hindoo woman flittered down the steps of the balcony, and plunged into the shadows of the 'park. taking a homeward direction, and leav ing Bernice to her fate. It was the day. after Lady Fortescues party-one two cr three weeksprevious to the events last narrated. Lady Diana Northwick stood at one of the broad plateglass French windows of her own drawing room, in her stately house at South Audluy strect, looking outidly, yet with an expectancy un known to herself, Lady Diana was not alone. Before the bright hearth stood her lover, to whom she was saidto be betrothed- Lord Tentamour. 'l begin to believe that people are right, Disuan, andthat you have no heart.' said Lord Tentamour bitterly. 'Tou have played fast and loose with me for years. I heve been chained to your chariot wheels and been driven hither and thither at your pleasure,and exhibited as your ceptive, and yet you have always held me at arm's length, and treated me more as an ordinary friend than as your accepted lover and promised husband. Iam tired of all this.' t He looked defiantly at the fair, cool beauty, ;n her pale grean robes, with her golden fluff of hair, with her filmy frills of laoe, and the gleam of jewelss in her ears and on her hands,. and his i facesoftened into an expression of 8audriae tender~easi. e loved Ldy Diana with all his soul, and she-he s scarcely knew how she regarded him. 'If you are 'tired of all this,' said Lady Diana, coldly,' you can fling off nmy bhck;es, which you seem to find I so insupportable. Lord Tentamour made a passionate r angry gaeture. '1 have served for you as Jacob served for Rachel.' he cried. 'For years and years I have worshipped as the Persian t worshipa the sun .bat dazzles his sight and this is my reward. After all these years you would throw me over without fa pang of regret. You are tired of me perhapsl You have seen some one whom you prefer to mel' 'This is highly melodramatic, my lord,' said Lady Diana, haughtily, I but unfortunately I am not 2apablo of appreciating it. With a little train a ing,perhaps you might delhght audie'ces on the Surry aide. Spare me all aliu - sion to your long servitude, I entreat 1 I have been annoyed with such allu. sions for years. Ii you are not sas. tiblied with me, I will give you back ycur liberty. On the whole perhaps I that course might he beat, 'I refuse to accept it,' cried Lord Tentamour the angry flush deepening i on his face. 'Diana you are cruel. I believe, as people say, that you were, born without a heart. I have been your betrothed husband for more years than 1 I like to count. You are not treating me' well I demand that our long engagement terminate at once in mar riage. I shall give you no further grace. You shall marry within a month.' Lady Diana's pure pale cheeks a kindled into flames. 'Lord Tentamour forgets to whom he is rpeaking,'sh6 said icily. 'I suggest that yourlordship seekano, her balld in Turkey. I believe outseide Turkey ia lady is allowed some voice in re pect o her own marriage. Your jnew role of Grand Turk does not become you. I do not intend to to married in a, month's time. If you so intend, you must seek another bride than I.' '. You are very fond of your liberty,' said his lordship, with a slight almost imperceptible sneer. And what use do you make of itm You are a coquette whose only object in life is to play the part of a false becon, and lure men to their ruin. 'You are poetical, my lord but scarce lyjust,' said lady Diana calmly. Whom have I lured to ruin I Whose life have I wreckedl I have been polite to people but to whom have shown warmthl It is well enough to call me coquette but can you prove it. I defy you to do so. Men have proposed marriage to me, but that has not been my fault; and although I have refused men as suitors I have retained them as friends. No man can tell you that I have put forth oneeffort to win him. If I am cold to you, I am cold to all.' 'It is your nature to be cold. I know that you are the most distinguished figure in any assembly cad that men flock about, you as moths aoont the candles. And you enjoy all their admiration, and cling to your faeedom that you may continue to enjoy it. You say thatyou are no coquette, Cas you truthfully allirm that you did not play the coquette latt night with the new lion, this Tartar explorer, Basi Tempest?' The flame on Lady Diana's cheeks borned yet more vividly. 'I have not appointed you my father cot fessor, Lord Tectamour,' she said looking more intently from the window. 'I was civil to this stern dark-browed traveller, scarcely more.' 'You call it bare civility to devote to him: a full hour out of your evening -to question him in regard to his adventures-to appear awed and thrill ed and delighted by turns and to ex hibit an interest in him you really exhibit towards even mel Because he is a celebrity you mean to bring him to your feet. And who is hel Except that he is a famous explorer, we know nothing of him. Where was he borno He may be a tradesman's son-the very name of Tempest may not belong to him. He may have 'left his country for his country's good--' 'In short,' said Lady Diana calmly, as Lord Tentamour paused 'he may be a felon, a ticket- of.leave man or a burglar. You compliment my judg" ment, my lord. I am flattered at the insinuation that I find affinity with what is low and base. I found Mr Tempest grand and noble. I do not doubt that his real name is Tempest and I do not believe him capable of slandering you. He is certainly a gentleman, whatever his ancestry.' 'You seem struck with him. Per haps your coquetry has a motivel said Lord Tentamour with a jealous vehemence. 'I see that you are in terested in him. I insist Diana, that a stop be put to your coqueteies. I demand again that your engagement to me be fulfilled immediately, I will not wait for you longer. Great heaven look at the years I have waisted in dancing attendance upon you. My suspense moust cease to day. You must name our bridal day.' In his jealous pussion; his lordship assumed a dietatorial air that aroused Lady Diana's defiant anger. Shea turned away from the window and approached him her blue eyes blazing, her lips curled in scorn and aversion. She pulled from one forefisger a ring set , with an immense diamond, and dropped I it into Tentamonr's hand in haughty I silence. ijiass what does thia meons' I 'It means that you are free-and that - am free! It means that you have no longer right to vent your jealous rages upon me, I am tired of these scenes. I have deferred our marriage from year to year for reasons which you know as well as I. Our. engage ment is terminated at last. I advise you to woo and win some one more meek and submissive than L' 'And you mean that it is all over between nsl' 'All over my lord. We cease to be lovers, bat we may, if you, chose be friends.' His lordship laughbd bitterly, and sneeringly,and turned the precious gem over and over in his hands. He was en the point of bursting forth into fierce reproaches, when a sounding knock was heard, on the house door. A moment later, the tall becalved foot mlan uhhered into the drawing room the great Tartar explorer, Basil Tem peat. Lord Tentamour thrust the betrothal ring into his pocket, and determined doggedly to give the newcomer no advantage but to outstay him and renew the broken eng,'gement. He would not give up his beautiful bet rothed and he had sufficient confidence in himself to believe that he could win her back. This had not been his first quarrel with Lady Diana nor the first time she had had given him back his ring. Mr Tempest came in, grave and courtesous, his dark stern face wearing its usual commanding expression, and his cool keen eyes taking in the dis comfort of Tentamour's situation at a glance. He was conscious, even before a word had been spoken, that Lady Diana and Tentamour had quarrelled, but he gave no sign in his manner of his discovery. Lady Di greeted him with a smile that stung Tentamour as a covert insult to himself, 'I am delighted to see you, Mr Tem pert, said the lady, with charming courtesy, giving her hand to the ex. plorer. 'It is pleasant to find that among so many claimants upon your attention you have not forgotten me.' Tempest made a pleasant response, and then exchanged greetings with LordTentamour. The two gentlemen did not shake hands, but they exchan.. ged glances of dislike. and were from that moment enemies. Lady Diana won the explorer to speak of himself and his adventuies,which he did with the modest ease and grace, Lord Tentamour listened witha'percep. itible sneer. 'Do you know,' said Lady Diana, re flectively, 'I admire excessive all this daring this disregard of luxuries, and comforts, this devotion to science, but I fear I hve not in me the stuff of which explorers are made. After one of these long ten hour rides which you describe, through a dazzling rain, I should long for a warm fireside, and refuse to be comforted with a bed on the hard ground. And although I am not very fond of my kind,I still should prefer to see now and then an English face instead of those round Morgolian faces.' 'I never experienced'a desire to see an English face,' remarked Tempest. In truth I was not likely to meet many of them in Northern China or there aboots. The British traveller, as a rule, clings to the well beaten routes. I had been away from Eng. laud for a score of years, more or less and in all that time scarcely met with one of my countrymen. I avoided them on my return to England, being something of a misanthrope, but in my very avoidance of them I fell in with one upon a steamer in which I sailed from Genoa to Marseilles, and I felt drawn to him as if he had been my own son. He was a nolle young fellow, as fair as a girl naturally, but his face was bronzed by Easter suns His eyes were blue-as blue as you. own, Lady Diana. He looked delicate yet I do not doubt his slender frame was strong as steel. He had the soul of a lion in his light supple frame. He was a marquis although so young. His name was Lord Ohetwynd. Do you know him' 'I know his mother.' said Lady Diana. 'Lady Ohetwynd married a swarthy Indian colonel, who was poor and had two children by a wife he married and who died in India. They say the first Mrs Monk was a half casete, and I think the story may be true, for Miss Mock is swarthy and has an East Indian look. Lady Chetwynd becameLady Barbara Monk.-'all for love.' as the song says. The colonel must have fascinated her as snakes fascinate birds. He was not a winning sort of man. This young Lord Ohet. wynd made a romantic marriage, and his wife died soon afterwards. He is now betrothed to Miss Monk, to whom he was once before betrothed.' 'He told me that his wife was dead, but I ahould not judge, from his manner of t speaking of her ladyship, that he was likely to marry again,' said Tempest. 'Miss Monk was his first love and his mother's choice,'said Lady Diana. 'Miss Monk is 'well connected on her father's side and is very beautiful. She will make a great sensation in London society; Lord a Ohetwynd might do better--but then, be has done worse.' 'Was not the first Lady Chetwynd a suitable wife for him?' asked Tempest 'I am ureately interested in Chetwyad, and would like to.know something more about him.' 'There Is nothing to know except as regards his marriage,' said Lady Diana, He is worthy of his name and rank and fonder of benefiting his tenants and the struggling poor than of dancing at balls. But he is not a prig Mr Tempest. He is a simple a warmhearted fellow, full of enthusiastic schemes of benefiting his race. He was nearly heartbroken when he lost hisiwife. The marriage was a seaUlliance. He was engaged to Miss Monk, and they had a loveL's quarrel, and hr went away in his yacht to Norway and the Hebrldean group of islands and in a fit of p:que at Miss Monk married a low borr, unformed, plain little island girl. It was a freak of madness. The girl was the child of a fisher, who had been adopted by the is land pastor and educated as a lady. There was not a gentleman's family on the island except the minister's. And Lord Chet wyod brought that child-she was only sixteen or seaenteen-to reign as mistress of Chetwynd Park. It was a second edition of the story of Lord and Lady Bureigh. The grandeurs of her new positton overwhelmed the young island girl, and she died some two mounths after her advent in England.' 'A sad story,' said Tempest. 'It was not well to transplant into a hothouse the hardy flower that has talways braved the storms and snows and is hardened to them. 'Not always,' assented Lady Diana. The girl did wonderfully well as Lady Chet wynd. Lady Welby tells me that she was the impersonation of grace, and that although she was not beautiful, she had a rich dower of genius. He manner was charming. In short Lady Chetwynd with all her short comings was a wonder ful young creatt're,the more to be admired when one reflects that the island of St Kiida is a mere rock inhabited by a rude and ignorant peasantry. Mr Tempest's face grew suddently white. 'What island did you say Lady Diana? he asked eagerly, 'St Kilda-a bit of rock some twoormiles by three,with mountain peaks and a villsge on the little bay. The island is not well known. 'The story interests me strangely,' said Mr Tempest in a voice that had suddenly turned husky. 'Such romantic marriages are rare; and besides, Lord Chetwynd is my friend. He has asked me down to COetwynd Park. Itis odd thathe should have married a fishber girl.' 'The girl angled but once; and then she caught Lord Chetwynd,' said Lord Ten tamour with a sneer. 'The girl was not a fisher, only the daughter of a fisher, Mr'Tempest,'said lady Diana stigmatizing inaher own mind Ten tamour's speech rs decidedly coarse. She was educated lythe minister of the is land, who with his wife, adopted the girl as their own child, calling her by their own name. 'What was her name?' asked; the ex. plorer. 'Bernice Gwellon. Odd is it not?' Mr Tempest averted his'iface, and did not answer. The discovery held him speech -l1ss but Lord TeLt.mour filled. up the silence withbeme .remark, and Tempeasts agitation was unnoticed. Tempest conquered his emotion las the lion tamer conquers his beasts in the cage. Be commanded himself with a will that seemed of iron, and although his face was pale, andhis block eyes strangely sombre, yet his tone was careless e' he'said in his usual voice 'The story is very entertaining. Its beauty is spoiled by the fact cf Lord Chet wynd's expected second marriage; but prhbaps, that is well. He is young and Miss Monk was; you say, his first love. I wi;l take a tan down to Chetwynd Park, after a few days, and see my fellow trav eller.' 'Shall you go ba:k to Tartary in a month, Mr Tempest?' asked Lady Diana If you answer in the sffirmative, I shall think London has lost its ttractions.' 'I may stay longer than I at first intended replied the explorer; 'my plans are not yet settled, I begin tear,' and he directed an admiring look towards her ladyship, 'that London-or South Audely-street-has too many attractions for me. and will hold me here when I should be gone.' Lord Tentamour looked displeeased. 'Lady Diana and I were speaking of ycu befcre you came in, Mr Tempest,' said his lordship stiffy, and in admiring your exploits clme naturally to speak of your family, Are onu f the Durham Tempest? 'I am a connection of that family,'eaid the explorer coolly. Lord Tentairour. having expected a negative, was silenced. Tempest prolonged his call to the:limits of propriety and then art se to take his leave and he noticed that her betrothal ring, which he had observed on the previous sight, was absent from her finger. He laid up the fact for future use, and bade her good morning. The rivals-for Lord Teatamour saw in Tempest an actual rival-_merged from the house together. At the foot of the steps they halted on the pavement. Tem pest raised his hate in adieu, but Lord Tentamour detained him. 'bow long are you to be in England,eir inquired his lorEtship. 'It is impossible to say, my lord. I in tended to return to China within a month as I fell now I may nevergo beck.' 'You' have come to the decision since you entered Lady Diana Northwick'a house this afternoon; is it no so.' 'Your astuteness does you credit, my lord It is so.' Lor. Tentamour'e sface deepened in its sullen flush of rage. Am I to undersand that youn are one of Lady Dians's numerousvictim?'he sneered. Are you like so many othes, striving to wm the rich young wido.al' To be continued, 