A STAGE, (THOST. . In the course of thirty years' experiene ais an actor anid manager in the proviones, I have had some curious adventures, but never one so utterly beyond my powers of comprolien. alon as an occurrence which took place at the Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Christ mas 1872. I have often related the details of this matter to my friends, and it was talked of freely at the time. Of couree, every man who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident which I could not possibly account for; neverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people-at least people of my profession- are aware, is one of the most important 'theatricml towns in England, and its TheatresRoyal is visited week after week by the leading touring conipaisies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was in accordance with this practice that the com pany at which I was a member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong com bination, and during our stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shakespearean ,lays, a selection of which we put forward wth exceptionally good mount. g and accessories. There were three persons in our company who excited-ns interest in anunusual deuree. The first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the ordindry run of actresses, and looked upon her work with that flue enthusiasm which a wey* tends tp. us the prslessleu tisate aseahs ~exncspepisa. ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it diflioult to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted severalhours a day to study, with the result that when she repre sented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Desdemoua or Perdita, as thecase mightbe. Miss Lattimer, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of subrmerging herself in the character which she engaged to present. The second person who attracted my notice was our leading tragedian, Mr Edwald Boville. He had come into the 'company under somewhat mystlrious circum sances. None of us knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as most of us had; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the .one he occupied at Woolford. Our manager, if he knew anything of Bovillee history, cnrelully refrained from sharing the knowledge with us, and we therefore invented a story ior oureelves to the effect thatBoville was a peer in disguise wbo was acting for amusement. That he ass a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of the suoiety which we usually call aristocratic, and it was palp bly evident that he had been ducmited as only public-schooland unireisity menare. e was always kind and sociable with the rest ot us; but we knew well enough that he was notof us, and that under other conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsoms man of 28 or 18, and I often thought that he and Miss Lottimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, .Miss Lattimer and he struck up a friendship whichno doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the ctnge rehaarsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But ii spite of all this, I never saw anuvthing wluch led me to suppose Boville to be in love with Miss Lattimer. Ho wee always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of his "awell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Boville was making love to Miss Lattimer, and that was the third of the amongst us, 1r. Charles MIeltord had always been regarded as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Boville over his head, and he did non hesitate to express his resent ment, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage-struck swells, and so on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for Boville was undoubtedly a very fine and capable actor, and well worthy the esteem in which our maunager held him. I had often thought that Melford was in love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expresoIon in his face which 1did not like; I had seen him try to gain sptch of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to one of batfled anger. He was not a bad fellow when you came to know him; but his dark, somechat sullen countenance did not inspire sny one with ceelings of liking. Then, too, he wes moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dengerouo to speak to him. I 'believe that old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the lact that Meltford was a thoroughly trainrd actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was the hirst weekd in December when we opened at Woolford, and we were to remain there until the 20th, when the theatre would be closed for a few days to allow of preparations being made for the annual paitomime. During ths two or three weeks preceoing our orrival at 'Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford. and more especially between Melford and Miss Lattimer. On more than one occasion I happened to come across Hiss Lattimer and Ilelford talking together, and I fancied 'each time that she wee in tlers, while I was quite certaiii that he was speaking angrily and with a sort of peremptorinese that he haud no right to assuma. Two days after our arrival at Weolford I overheard thece tao talking in one of the dressing-rooms, and caught the final words which were spokenby Melford. I shall stand it no losger: I'll give you tweety-four hours, and if you don't speak thea,' I-shell 1" Then he went apbruotly away, and very soon afterwardo I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre; end theugh she had a thick veil en, it',v,,e movitnceessa's~tnt eli, h,,d bess ehedding tears. I wondered what it was that Melford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than Eons grievanoe in relation to business matters, of which Alelford, being a peevish man, always had a 'stock. And yet that hardly accounted for Miss Lattimcr'e tears. flow ever, it was no businese of mine, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. Oar play that night was "Romeo and Juliet," with Miss Lattimer and Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, and Itelford in the part of Tybalt. The occasion was somewhat out of the ordinary, for the Mayor and Aidermen of Woolford had giren their patronage, and were to be present in full force. When the curtain went up there was hardly standing-room in the more popular parts of the house; and by the time we had reached the bhll-ecene, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first time, there was not a seat to be hod in stalls or bones, for love or monecy. It seemed to me that Boville was some what agitated that night. I had seen him early in the erenmg in conversation with Miss Lattimer at the wings. They were not long together; but Melford saw them, and a fierce look came over his face. He went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble cre long. Little did I guess how it was to come. We reached the scene where Tybalt, re turning to the stage, is met and slain by Romeo. I stood at the wings watching, others of the' company standing near me. Tybait rushed on, aind was met by Romeo. Istarted to see 'Dow real the thing looked. Both men,, Boville':and Mfelford, glared'at each other as if the quarrel had been a real one· affecting themselves. The duel com menced, the fencing wes superb, for both men were accomplished swordsmen. One or I the jean atndtin y iny.aide remarked how like a real fight it was. Suddenly,'as in the stage diredtione, Romeo ran Tybalt through the heart, and the latter 'with one, glare round, dropped. Boville stood motionlece for a second, gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, 'And then all of a sudden, one of the girls etonding at the wings shrieked alond and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crisnaon ing thoboards. The duel hadhbeen no acting; it was real, and MIelford lay there dead! I have only a confused recollection of'what followed. There was no more aeting that night, and the streets were soon full of a crowd talking of the awful mischance that had just taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For misohnce it could be, and nothing else. By some dire mistake, 'Boville hadunsed a buttonless rapier: At the crucial moinent, he said,Melford elipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had penetrated hieheart. * Of course there was an inquiry and an inquest and so en; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible accident,' and no blame' was attached' to Borille. Melford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated like the pro rerbisnine days' wonder. ButBovillewent 'about leebreg very pale, and .haggasrd--a great centreet to TUitis Lattiner, who; seine how seemed. to have recovered her spirits, For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name was not on the bills, the manager con eidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequently the duties of leading man devolved on me, and hard work I had doring the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so muoh'to the satisfaction of old Simpson that lie set apart so.,int nighe ,,2 enepsan at Weeio fe~r~I Now, I 'had always aldesire plhi-' Romee, and I was all the more anxious to appear in that charaoter on my benefit night because Miss Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. TWe were both dbious about the pso priety of producing the play again so eocn ofter the fatal arcident; hut we finally decided upon doing EO, and the bills were got out. I was anxious that loville shooldesup port mo, and prevailed upon him to take the paot of Tybalt. IHeshivered alightly when I named the part lohims, but fnollyconsentedon condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. ' The night came; I hod a full house and a splendid reception, and Miss Lattimer was in magnificentfornc. The early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony scene I felt so elated with my own success as to have visions of a great career in the metropolis. Bouille, on the other hand, was gloomy apd under a cloud. " Tom," she said, costiungo'me at the wings, " something is going to happen to me to night." nilooked at him in amazement.' Be shook his head. "Something will happen to me to night," he repeated. "I know it. I feel," he said in a lower voice, and looking round him,-""Ifeel that something is haunting me." "* Nonsense " I answered. "You're out of sorts, Bo'ille. The Christmas jollities will put you all right." 'You'll see," he said, aid turned away. The suene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Boville's approach. I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to suread itself all round me. The words, ' Her comes the EsryTybalt back again.' fell on my ears unheeded. I saw Boville advancing. And then-I felt a cold tonchon my hand, and a voice- Melford s voice -whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, and saw another Roiueo glide past me sword in hand. I caught a glimpse of hieface-heavens l itwasMelford came back. I heard the rapiers slash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me whisper: " Go on, Tom-go on," and never moved. I was watching sometbing that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, the living man Boville, and the ghost Melford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, end Boville fell. I fainted and dropped on the !sttge. upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stoodstillasif transfixed. Boville's face soddenly assumed a horror stricken expression; he threw up his arms and dropped - dead. HIeart-disease, the doctcrs said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of tha matter may be, and whatever was the nature of that strunge secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the .two men, I know beyond question that my place as Romeo was assumed for a minute by the spirit of Charles Melford in order that he might wreak his vengeance on the man who had murdered him three weeks before.-Ckaeriu' 's Jourunal. 