iRovdtst. ' The Rajah’s Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA* By FREDERICK M. DEY. OHAPl’ER HL—CoN-riNUKD. While seemingly frank and confident with me, there were some points upon which ho was ex tremely reticent, lie told me that he belonged to one of the Rajpootran sects, and was allied to the house of a powerful Rajah who only remained fiicndly with the British rulo so long as it left him undisturbed in his own possessions. Tho Rajah Nahmanha was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrka’s description, was marvellously rich, proud as Lucifer, arrogant and cruel. His domain was of large extent, and was situated in the district known as Odeypore. 1 Can you tell mo,’ I asked of Simrha, 1 if you have ever known of a-Hindoo prince called : . ' Havana?’ i -‘ Yes, sahib,’ ho replied. The Rajah Havana ,' was the father of tho Rajah Nahmanda.’ — - .. - It-wasonly my strong self-control and power to ' suppress-sudden emotions which prevented me! from leaping to my feet with a cry of joy. As it was, I started a little, for the answer he had given told mo that, through some strange circumstance, I had engaged as my servant one who was already connected with the household of the very Rajah to whom I must look for the information I sought in behalf of Cogswell's request. It was then I began to question Simrha, and foruid him so extremely reticent aud so loth to give me any details regarding tho things I most wished to know. On the fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would he, in a measure, frank with him, and thus ascertain if it were possible to persuade him to tell me moro concerning the Rajah’s immediate surroundings. ' Simrha,' I said, quietly, ‘ I, too, am going to ‘ To India ?' he cried. 1 Yes,’ I continued ; ‘ and am so • well pleased with you and your services that if yon desire it you may continue with me—on one condi ‘Yes, Eahib?’ ‘ The condition is you remain in my service during the tiuia I am in your country, and give me what aid you can in an undertaking which I am determined to accomplish.* He was silent for several moments. ‘ If the sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not visit OJeypore daring his stay, I will readily consent to the first part of the condition,’ he said, finally. ‘But it is to Odeyporc that I most desire to S°-’ ' ‘ In that case, sahib, I cannot remain in your service,’ ‘ Why not ?’ * Because I belong to the household of the Rajah Nahmanda.’ ‘ In what capacity do you serve him V ‘ That which in your country you would term secretary.’ ‘ But can you not secure his consent to my plan? I asked. ‘Impossible, saliib ?’ The tono in which ho; answered me. was so de cided that I plainly saw the futility of arguiug with him further. \- ‘Will you tell ms of his household?’ I ‘ What mora do you desire to know sahib?’ , - - , . ‘ Has he any family ? Would he entertain me' for a few days at his palace ?' ‘ He would not refuse you if you applied to him, sahib; but, if you will allow mo to advise you, do mot go there.’ ‘ Why, Simrha?’ ‘ The Rajah knows you.’ ‘ Knows me !’ I cried in wonder. ‘ Yes, saliib. That is, he will know you by tho time you reach his palace, and he will suspect tho cause of your visit.’ ‘ But my visit has no cause beyond a natural curiosity, I returned. ‘ Pardon hie, sahib, but it has. You were for many years the confidential friend of Sahib Reu ben Cogswell, who is now dead, and riie Rajah will suspect that it is upon his allairs that you make the visit.’ I was astounded. ‘ Who arc you, Simrha ?' I cried. ‘ And how do —you know these things?' - | ‘I'amjjimrha, a Hindoo,’ lie replied, calmly, . ' ‘ and I know whereof I speak, because it became ’ my duty to know all that concerned the Sahib Reuben Cogswell when I left India.’ * ‘ Thon yOtr.were sent here by the Rajah ?' ‘ I was j -sahib.’ ‘ In company with another ?’ He bowed an atlirmative. ‘ How long ago, Simrha?’ • ‘ Two years.’ 1 ‘ Did you see the old man before he died ?’ ‘ I did, saliio, but ho did not seo me.’ *Ahi’ -.‘.I visited liis house many times,’ ho con tinued. ■ ‘ 'Without his knowledge ?’ ' Without his knowledge.' ‘For what purpose?1 f ‘ For the p: rpaie of serving my master.’ 4 Simrha,’ I said, slowly and impressively, 1 if you will tell me all you know—and that yon tliink would interest me, I will pay you well for it. I will make you rich.’ . 4 If the sahib should give me all the wealth of the Raj ih Nalimanda,’ ho replied, 4 it would be useless for me to speak, even though I were wil* ling.’ •Why?’ 4 Bccauso I should be killed.’. ‘By whom ?’ 4 By those who watch me day and night.’ 4 Are there spies aboard this ship ?’ 4 Ay. sahib, and in this very apartment.’ \- I glanced quickly around, but the Hindoo only smiled. 4 They cannot bo seen,’ho said, 4 and yet they are here. See ! I will leave tbe apartment and go upon deck. Wbilolam geno, if you will recall the face orthe Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you would speak to him where he really here, I will return and tell . you what you said and what he answered. 4 What he answered !’ 4 Yes, sahib, for ho will answer you.’ Without another word lio turned and left me, while seating myself on the edge of my bmikwl fell to picturing Cogswell’s face upon my memory. Almost immediately I felt a strange sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched rubber were bound around it; my eyes grew heavy and X closed them, hut not in sleep; only because i* •eemed an effort to k<_ep them open. Suddenly a very familiar voice broke in upon 4 What is it, John?’ it said ; and looking up quickly, although my eyes still felt as if they wore closed, I heheld Reuben Cogswell standing before me. He looked just as I had seen him m my in. explicable dream the night when I obtained the signatures, and as then his presence did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural that bo should bo there. ‘ Who is this Hindoo travelling with me ?’ I asked. ‘ A peculiar person,’ he replied. He is subtle keen, and powerful in his knowledge and com mand of the occult sciences of India.’ 4 He knows much of our affairs,’ I said slowly and meditatively. ‘ He knows nearly all,’ replied the old man, ‘ What he does not know and what he is deter mined to find out is the precise reason for your voyBge to his conntry.’ 4 How shall I be able to prevail upon him to work for me in this matter of carrying out your wishes ? His familiarity with all the phases of Hindoo life wonld be invaluable to me.’ ‘Ay, John, so it would, but you must be careful. I believe Simrha to be faithful, and possibly, if you were frank and open with him, it might not bo amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, as I am unable to advise j Old Reuben’s face was becoming indistinct, and ax it did so my mind seemed to work with more freedom, for suddenly a new thought occnrred to 4 Wait!’ I cried. 4 One more question.' 4 Wliat is it ?’ 4 Shall I find your descendant in India ? Hare you one there ?’ Was it fancy, or did the face before me relax into a smile as I asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features were growing fainterJ and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance I heard his voice re ply to my question: 4 Ay, 1 have one, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find her.’ ’Her!’ I cried, hut he had gone. Tbefainiliar old face had faded from view, and I was left I rubbed my eyes vigorously, and then with an effort opened them to find myself still sitting upon *he edge of my bunk in the state-room with every thing that had occnrred engraven forcibly npon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked around me. I 4 Is my mind losing its balance ?’ I asked my self, 4 Am I subject to fits of abstractedness in which I have these strange and realistic visions, dreams, in which I see ghosts ? Pshaw ! Non sense ! And yet’ I At. this instant the door opened, and Simrha ap peared standing in the entrance. There was a peculiar smilo upon his face like that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet with the oppressed, tight feeling which was still i hovering about me, 1 fancied there was something ! triumphant in bis glance also. 4 Shall I enter, sahib ?■ lie inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he came in and closed the door behind him. ‘ Shall I speak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?’—Sec Picture No. G.—ho asked; and I wondering, if he indeed knew, and yet, dreading to share the knowledge with him, hesi tated. No G.—‘ Shall 1 apeak anil tell the sahib what has transpired ?’ asked Simrha. | My cariosity was too much for me, however, and the strange smile which still lingered about the Uiudoo’s eyes seemed to urge me on. j ‘ Yes,’ speak !’ I said. ‘ Tell mo all yon know —all, or leave my employ.’ f ' 