Town Talk. That all old residente of the town-and a good mane youn onee0-are very glad to hear that Cuatome-Otfioer Blair is now in charge in Ipswich. That be has been many years in the service, has done good work (which nobody can deny), and merited promotion if anyone did. That he hea been overlooked long enough, goodness knows. That the cotton besiness is "progresing favourably." and some of Ihe machinery-the huller, to wit--is already at work. That (metaphorically speaking) before one ann say *'Jack Robineon 1" the faotory will be up, the snowy cotton will be waving in a thoueand fields, and then America can look out for hereali. * That it is a fact that we are fearfully and wooderfully elow in taking a thing op. That if any American communaty had such advantages as we have got, it wonld have bad a ctton factory long ago. That, however, it we are slow in anteing up we stick to a thing pretty well when we do take bold of it. That the "TT." man oan't quite make Alderman Keogh out. That that worthy eCitizen seems to be a bit off just now. 1That only a few days ago he went ia hot and strong for all maniaipal work being done, if possible, in Ipewioblso that ratepayere couold have the benefit ot it. That he was quiteright-his position ouldn't be shifted, not even by an earthquake. SThat Ieht Monday afLtthboon he did the grandees back somereanlt ever witnessed in Ipswichi, . That he did not appear, the, to have anch a consuming love for looal firms and the rate. payers saired his bosom.bat two short weeks agone. That, on that memorable Monday, Aegnst 3rd, A.D. 1891, be was determined that every possible obance should be given to Briabane people to do Ipswich work. *'that everybody is now wondering what the change of front means. That - el tu, Desaon, voted with Keogh after having chastised him for inoonsistency I That there must be something in the air that ie caaeing these ronderful lightning cbanges. Thatteonsiderabla sarprise was expressed, at a reoent Board meeting, when aletter was re ceived from the " lalte Mrs. -." That visions of ceances, spiritualietio mediums, graves, and yawoing ohorohyards at noon of' night may have appeared to the afrighted boardamen. That it wa.little wonder, beceaue it's bad enough to see a ghost without receiving a ghastly ghostly letter from the tomb. That before the boardsmen fainted from tenor, someone explained that the ghostess was not a ghostess at all. That, in facot, she wee merely a widow who had married again, and thns eha?ged her name, which laely was something different from what it had been previoneip. That having been thuaa reassured, the hair of the boardsmen was seaved from becoming the colour of flour, and the business ~ra prooeeded with. That it is hoped Ipswich will be represented on the arrival of the Aunetralian Squadron. That ChObarter, Towers will be represented, and bre not the East, West, and North Warde, sections of Ipswich, better than?all the towns of the tropics a That, besides there being more people in Ipe. wioh than in the Towema, Ipswich will have to payrmore towards the eet of the new fleet. That. consequently, we shall insist on the good old prinaciple, "No representation, no payment 1" That Alderman Keogh.ehould certainly be one of the toewn' repreeeptativee, for, as every. one knows, when be takee the aure, he i a -whole mano'-war himielf. L " That there are a few items in the etimates that deeply interest the "T.T" man. That he observes that notwithstanding the overflowing labour market in Queensland, we shall have to pay £A44000 to bring a lot of people here that we an't find work for. That perhapetble is poplantieg on "eom.n moroialprinoipl.".' That another item is £2400, or something like that, for additions to Parliament buildinga in Brisbane (preanmably in addition to the thoneandi previouly-voted:). That it is needless to say tbat that dear sweet pet, Townarlle, is tenderly oared for again this year. That abe 'ii tohave £2M1000 (or aomething like that) for a new gaol. - That the colony ia not ao poor that Town,. vills must go without sops. ._hat, if Queenaland were on the verge of starvation, Towneville would still be able to get anything she liked to oy'for • That, ipparetllv the' endowrmente to moeal anthoritiee will be continued, as no mention of disoontinoing them wes made in.the badget epewnob. " That the said speech did not contain any~ thing of superinonmbent interest, barring the Bank of England's little joke. That, from this time bhnneforthmit, there onght to be no dealings between the oolony and that venerable inetitation. That in other words - at a distanc of firb yarde, Queenland e'o ghtU't to know it from a crow I ' That the thanks of Parliament ehonld ctr. teinly be tendered to Maeare. Dawee and M'Kinnon-for there ome be no denying that they are the avlonre of the acntry. Slshat thej didn't cave 'it too mneh-oBly aved ie.st enough. That the "T.T," man it glad to be enabled to report that the bhethavionr-of the ocnpants 'of the " pit dreameirele" at the receit Forbese Ormok entertainment was a vast improvement on their previous form. That it is to be hoped the improvement will be permanent. That lpevioh is going to have the howhegeet ewell miliagiary turn.ont, on Friday neat, that has ever bhenkeown in this distriet, That we shall have " hosaifers" by the ton from full bombardior-lanoeoorporal.privates unp to colonel .commanding.-felld-.majrehl.major. generals. That Waterloo will be nothing to the war* like blaze and glory of Friday, the LthI instant. That the dredending force have eworn a dark and dreadfal oath that, if Ipswioh is taken, it will only beaver their "stife " That Oardew cad Donnelly vow thrtb, if they pet a obanes after defeating the enemy, ,they will go on and apture insolvent Brieuase, and then "Return to their homes, like fortunate traders, Rich with the epoil of the vanqnished in vaders," That the "T.T."' amn cannoat act a referee on Friday, beeaee he ib afraid that his masrtial epirit wonld burst all bonende, and that bhe might fall upon the enemy himself, and thee interfere with the lawful prey of the defending soldiers. That the country residente will have to pay mere for each newspaper. That the Prime ddManister and oUnmak talk about the oonntrl people and others being willing to pay id. or Id. more per week, bat in most cases they will have to pay Be. or more per quarter, or nearly double what they pay That only ten men were f?ond enlightened enongh to vote against each s outrege. That rite farmers throughoot Queensland will perhaps bear this in mind a The names of of the ten are-Barlow, Gaeaon, Glassey, Grimes, Groom, Hoolan, IS.lambert, Maofarlane, Plunkett. cad Salkeld. That every man in Parliament from the Premier downwards, if askted, would swear that the welfare and convenience eof the agi. culturiete and country residents were their frat thought every morning, but, when it cme to the pinch, there were thirty.eight of them who didn't tronble themselves about the "armors Ihat the "Dental King," or rather some of his patiente, were in a bit of a fix on Friday Iet. That his stovereignty bad been exhibiting his fin.e aso of instruments at the Rosewood Slhow, and it is esald that the man who had promised to bring them back failed to do so., That next mornina ten or a dcaen apphlcants for the withdrawul of teeth put in ano ppear. anc, each scxious to "go cn" with thu cere mony an coon en poesible. That the ' T.T." man can fancy what a nice coongenial drawing-room party these farmoed themselves into wheno it was found that the painlesn extractors were cavorting around somewhere at the show, and the pleasures of tooth extraction would have to be postponed till oome more convenient season. That the eloevr manipulator of the forceps was equal to the occasion however, and the extracting operations were satisfactorily per formed without postponement. That a man in Ipswich a few days ago lest a little "damg." That straightway he hied himself round hithcr and thither enquiring of all and sndry, " Hey I Mr. Kaiser, have you seen mine leetle dawg." That hving naturally failed to get any clue through this unlawful means of advertising he got him to the goeial .Stnior-tergeant and demanded a seoareh-warrapt for the town. That the genial 8.S. sueggested that he should include "the district" also, That the soggeition oavoured so muoch of wisdom nod simplicity that it was adopted forthwith and accordingly. That the little for." tarsriler" dido't put in an appearance that day. That, at night,.the own r was asked to sing at an Oddfellows' meeting-at least, it is thought it was an Oddfellowe' meeting, but the " T.T." man wasn't there. That be golped down the "Adam'e apple" i hietbroat, and struock on Ol care, oh rare, is my leetle dawg gone," in A minor. T~hat, by this means, he worked off another cheap "ad," on the nuosopeeting public. : That eventually advertising in the Preen was resorted to, and so "poor doggy", was. found. That the cow ap Fernvale way that had to carry the seventy-ppund forked sbick round' its neck couldn't have fond life all beer sand skittlee. That the forky appendage is now on clew in the CotnrrtH6usgard ." That the aollectoreslor the West Moreton aexhibite to-e sent to the Brisbane "exhibition should not miss the chanoe of having it in. cluded among their collection as a reliable and simple devine for keeping cattle from heoeming footweary by etraying too far away from homh. That onnpf the principal atjractions at the -oe yen d' "howL' op Thuarsday last Wa, n dhabtedlyotie Lindlot B?oe Band. - That the "T.T. man" means it seriously when he says thatI e hband is an eternal credit to the town from which they hail, and also to their popular bandmauter. That, at:oheir own httle cartnival, they will no doubt be in still greater evidenor. 