PATENTS- AND INVENTIONS. [Compiled for the Chamber of Mannfacturca by Colhson & Ccv, Lioensed Patent Agents.] It is proposed to hold a World b Labour JSk hibition in London during the present -year, and to form a Labour Exchange and Coopera tive Wnrkslinrw^ ? A_ -meetiner was held on «? anuary iv, at wiucn tne Bisnop or xsearora pre sided. The scheme proposed wa3 to have something in the nature of a largo technical school, where there would be perpetually on view specimens oF workmanship with an ex hibition showing, how the results were pro duced. Hr. Louis de Lavigerie explained ab length the objects of tha scheme. It was to further a Labour Exhibition, which should be representative of the workers, and should be managed by them.. Sixteen acre3 of land had been obtained at Shepherds' Bush, where if; was proposed to hold during the present year a World's Exhibition of the products of labour. By gmsg the workmen of all-trades and of all countries the opportunity of showing what their labours could accomplish the atten tion of careless pecple would be aroused, and ignorant people would be instructed. The Ex hibition would b&\- divided into four .groups. Tlie first would consist j of co-operative, work, shops in the Exhibition Building, organized by different Trade Unions, 'eachof the workshop's constituting a separate Society working for the benefit of its own, members. The second group would comprise all the exhibits of the produc ing co-operative Societies aud other products which could not b» manufactured in the build ing ; and the third-ar.d fourth group3 would cbnip'rise agriQultjiral products and implements, &c.; It was estiicatt-d that half of the products of the first six mouths of the Exhibition after payiDg all expenses would amount to £16,000 or £20,000. This sum it was yrop'oscd to devote to the building In London of a Ltibour Ex change, hi which would be located tho chief offices of all Trade Unions and Societies, and which would bo independent either of tha Government or of tht* London County Council. An econorujaal and effective system of water purification MiJi softening has been in siiOvoss lul '.ise fnr the past six months at a dyo'.vori*.- in Manchester, where it has been purifying t'ie= exceedingly dirty water of the Itiver MouiiA-':. This is tlie water softener and purifier of Messrs. Siacli and Brownlow, of i!anehesterB which is very simple in construction. Ic con-^ sists of a chx'ular iron tank about 10 ic. IjitcJ-s-. and 5 ft. -.in- diameter in the prusc-ut hi-jUiioe, inside- which, is a serk-s of iron ]-lates arraagcvU spinillj' :iruuiiU a fixed centre, aud sloping outwards ai:d downwards ut a tonaiderablij ?iisgle. Th* water to be purified aad softened is duliverul into an inlet tube on a Ievcl:wu!i the top cftthe cylinder. The necessary clieiiii erJs, which consist chiefly of lime, soda, apd ahutiina, . are delivered in regulated quantitia-i into the -same inlet tube and at th? ssirsq levy!. Tht: water and chemicals fiow together- dcivu, the tula- and enter tha cylinder near tiie bottoj.^ whence they rise npwarda, anvl ])ass' oasr the scries of spiral, jilates. The T^irified water finaliy finds its, way cut at the Sop of the cylinder. Tho solids ,aatl iai puriijjes are deposited on the. spiral . ]\lates, I which are cleaned at the close ot each^day by opeiung a series of mudcocks. a*j(J ajaowny ?swftes to flow througli for a ghost ...tinu.'!. Tiie cl«iraicals arc contained iii fmall t?nk&cariiad; oa. a.ylatform over the cylinder--. 15ce working of the system in Manchester Iia3.dem«i3trated that not only is all the ..v;sible,.filth. removed fjom the foul waters of j:he. Medlcck but the hardness of the water lei reduced £rou\ -about SO' to about 0°. The tffiijeut wati-^Ls found to tes- iitablo for bleapy.iBg.and! other purposes, and is said to be quits, capable of sustaining fish life. An npnArp,tug . oi tho dimensions given is stated to '^j. equal, to. =?« jniriSeatiim nad softening of f-3i,0G0 tjaliccs of watei ov liquid sewage per day. Tho ccat of treatment sanges from \d.. to_.2tL pos- 1,--00 gallons of water, accordinj^to.its degree- s-f impurity. Mr. Hiram S_Maxim, e-Isose name as an inventor is walLlcnown^ after studying tli9- question more sr.less.abcsit! eigliteen years hass. set seriously, to wor& with two eniinoat. Auierican nic-Gk*aics tcoiienite for him aud a park and suitable susus m %vincu to wor.-ux try anddeviao..a fiyisff inachino. The isiicr prising in-gsntar s.-vj-s; — 'I appreciate fpjly the presuaption.on Tayown part of atteii:|-iiing to solve t»-is problem, conside'rinc: tfcf-fe all [nankind h*\ye, fsilad up to this time. Never theless it is ft. fvact that we do see s* nature niachiras which do fly. some birds. VK.-ighing nearly DQ.Ib.tach. It is true that eo one has ever feiken !iokl of the question ki tlits same way and.witb the same appliances, tiiat I have. Most or the experiments have been confined to =uial} macldnes, weighing only a fow ounces, icad luiving for a motor a twi3ied stibber spring W1 sgira] spring. If an expwimonter has Uii the rteeessary intelligenei» and niatheinafcksil knowledge he has not lvaij the r.ccessavy iodjh or monej- to conduct has 3spennient3, ay,d tha results so far have b&ea; nil ; but I feel satisfied that if such men aa Mr. SVestinghause, Mr. Charles Brush, and Mr. Ediaon should serioafly and earncatly attempt to solve the question they would succeed in making some sort of machine that would fly, but they would have to do as I havo done — obtain a place where there would bo plenty of room, provide themselves M'ith the very best of mo-chanics, and spend about §30,000. I would say that the two motors which I have made, and which weigh GOO lb., CDst their weight in silver, while an engine of a very much less power made by a French experimenter cost more than three times its weight in silver.' Tho eloud-serap_ing chimney of -tho 'West- End' Power Station at Boston, United State3, is, accordiug to_ the Kkeiricul' World, about finished. The lightning rods, two in number, we*e successfully placed in position last week. A few finishing touches to the interior and at the top of the chimney will complete this re markable piece of work. The chunuey is 13 f 6. S in. in diameter, and in this respect is said to be the largest in the world. It i3 2.'-2 ft. in height, and at the base i3 iG ft. 8 in. in dismcter. It is made of two walls, an outer and an iuner, with a space of 25 in. between tbc-m at the base. The outer wall is 32 ia. thick at the base and 10 in. at the top. It is estimated that 1,100,000 bricks have been used in this immense structure. Above the founda tion there is a weight of 2.S00 tons of brick and mortar. The foundation is a mass, whose weight is about tno same number of tons. A wonderful new hill-climbing bicyclo 13 announced by Intention to have been dis covered and patented by Mr. F. W. Zimer. It is styled ' The Zimer double-handed lever mechanism,' the double hand lever being com bined with treadle arrangement, so con structed as to utilize — firstly, the operator's weight, say IA cwt.: secondly, the operator's lifting power, generally estimated at 230 lb., say 2 cwt.; thirdly, the resistance necessarily thrown on the treadle, in addition to the operator's weight by the lifting operation, say likewise 2 cwt.; total, pi cwt. The inventor has subjected his invention to very severe tests, and it has answered all expectations. 