GOOD WORDS. Tbtte worth never seekB credit for more than it is ; that is left for imitators and counterfeiters. The woman who talks about her neighbors is no worse than the one who listens. CowardB waste a great deal of energy in running after enemies who are too far ahead to be caught. The man who doeB not find heaven in this world will stand a poor chance of ever finding it in any other. The superiority of some men is merely local. They are great because their associates are little.—Johnson. The degree of success obtained may often be ascertained by the amount of jealousy which it arouses. Every human action gains in honor, in grace, in all true magnificence, by its regard to things that are to come. Resignation is the finding out that the rock you are bumping your head against iB a great deal harder than your head. Some are brave one day and cowards another, as great captains have often told from their own experience and obser vation. If men knew as much of themselves as they usually do of their neighbors, they would hardly dare to speak to themselves. I never speak the word farewell But with an utterance faint and broken, An earth-sick longing for the time When it shall never more be spoken. Many of us have two standards—one for ourselves that reaches the clouds, ;while the one which we give to others trails low in the dust. A man is at his most trying period when he has succeeded a little, .and people are beginning to notice him. He is ao apt to lose his head and do foolish- things. There is not a single essential doctrine of the Catholic Church,, whioh, when examined, will not prove to be founded upon the' plainest and soundest common sense. A kind neighbor is. not one who doeB half a dozen great favors mas many years, but the doer >of every-day kind nesses. ; V ■ •».!>•; it ■■■> Charity is never lost ; it may meet with ingratitude; jor be of no ser vioe to those on whom it was bestowed, yet it ever does a work of beauty and grace upon the heart of.thegivor. vku M-.t In the true Paradise^ there Ah≪ be no seasons or vicissitudes ; ofs weat 'bit * the face, norhard toil > for bread. Attever lasting noontide shall bethero; &ti; Ondlfeas spring to < the newness:ofUnfading :jby, <h perpetual autumn in. > the riperieseof its gift*. ..r . - ! r.'osu1 ti. •• H wo are faithful to tone anothevin our onward march, it is beeausa there ts not ' ohp fbo i may not fall, Ks©iir j rOad liew'■ through a"perpetual ambush) <w&oet6r; has 0 friend to keep stepwith hidfbfa 'the waywUbtryto placehim!«a thee nfa-T^ariineau. He only is groat at heart who floods the world with a great affection. Be only is great of, mind who stirs the world with great thoughts. He only is great of will wh6 does something to shape the world to a great career. And he iB greatest who does the moBt of all theBe things, and does them best. Even temporal blessings may be the object of our prayers. We may ask for health of mind and body ; for relief from poverty, distress of mind or impending evil; in a word, for anything we stand in need. Provided any of these favors be conducive to our salvation, wo may ask for it with the same confidence as for Bome spiritual gift, and it will be given to us. Some foolish people think that prayer cannot interfere with the natural order of the universe. Now, what we call the natural order of the universe is simply the manifestation of God's way of dealing with His own creation. What determines that way is a mystery to us; but if He assures us that He is influenced in it by prayer, it is impious to deny his word or to dispute His power of interfering as He wills with His own work. Strictly, no two persons can see the Bame thing in the same way, for it can never happen that two persons have precisely the same groups of ideas relating to any subject. These depend on our past ex perience, on our education, on our pet theories, our interests, and our desires. Did we but bear this in mind, how many quarrels and disputes might be saved! How modest we Bhould be in condemning, how gentle in reproving, how careful in counselling. Catholic Congress.—An International Catholic Congress, to last five days, waB opened on September 9 at Malines, a citv of Belgium, with a population of 45,000 inhabitants It is the See of the Arch bishop Primate of Belgium, and its cathedral — dating from the twelfth century—contains the " Last Supper " by Kubens. The Congress waB presided over on the opening day by M. Jacobs, Minister of State Several sections of the Congress had previously to the opening meeting assembled, and on the afternoon of the opening day the resolu tions adopted by theBe sections were read. Monsignor d'Bulst delivered a speech on the part played by the scieuces in Catholic activity. Afterwards Father Scbaepoman (Holland) and Count VerB peyen spoke on' the utility of confra ternities and on strict obedience to encyclicals. On the second day—Sep tember 10—the Congress assembled in plenary sitting during the afternoon to hear the address to the Pope read. The address declared that Christianity was the only remedy for the social crisis, and terminated with a vigorously worded declaration in favor of the re-establish ment of the temporal power of the Papacy. Afterwards Monsignor Stille man£, Bishop of Ghent, spoke warmly of the work of the Soman Catholic Church on the Congo, and strongly denounced the Blave trade. Father Tondirii spoke on the subject of the return of the Greek Church to the true faith, and aBked the Catholic Press to devote its best endeavors to this end. The Pope and Dante.—A Paris journal—the JBvinement—states that the Pope has placed 20,000 f. at the disposal of Messrs. Marcellius and Domenickelli for the cost of publishing a new edition de luxe of Dante's " Divine Comedy.'' This version, the compiler of which was Fra Giovanni, dates from the fifteeuth century. Two thousand copies are to be printed, and will appear next month. The Bishoprics of Plymouth.—Canon Charles Graham has been appointed by the Holy See coadjutor Bishop of Plymouth^ in consequence of the fail ing health of Dr. NY. Vaughan, who has held the office since 1855. Canon Graham is the eldest son of the late Colonel Graham, of the Royal Engineers, and formerly in the service of the EaBt India Company. He waB educated at j Prior Park, Bath, and entered the minis try of the Church of England, but after a j short service iu that communion joined the Church of Rome. He spent some time at the English College in Rome, where he passed through the minor orders, and eventually was ordained prieBt in 1857. Soon after ordination he went to Plymouth, and has ever sinoe j been a resident at the Cathedral. For many years he has acted as secretary to Bishop Vaughan. New Catholic College —Dr. Butt, Catholic Bishop of J Southwark, on September &, inaugurated a new Catholic seminary for secular clergy, which has beenerectedat Wonersh. a few mijes from Guildford in.Surrey. There-Was a large , attendance ofclergy frbm All' piwts of the ] diocese of Southwark, in addition to rep resentatives of the Rn^nciscan, Redemp torist, and Jesuit orders, In the adjoin ing parish of Blackheath a Franciscan monastery is being built, wtuoh- wUi tbeij Iknown as the Monastery of the Holy *Ghost. 