MACMILLAN'S COLONIAL LIBRARY. We have received through Mr. W. G, Rigby, and Messrs. Petherick & Co., the latest additions to Macmillan's Colonial Library. The practice of the publishers has long been to give colonial readers the prior benefit of reduced prices so that for a small sum they may secure the best works' at their very moment of publication, and before their prices in England-render them unavailable to any but the subscribers to the great libraries. Of this feature of the Colonial Library we are specially reminded by the latest volumes to hand, which are just announced in England in their three-volume stage. The library now includes 130 volumes, excellently printed on good paper, and covering as regards their contents almost every class of literature. Of the lighter kind the works before us are excellent samples. "Blanche, Lady Falaise," by J. H. Shorthouse, is put forward by the author as a contribution to the study of "spiritual pathology." "Sir Percival," it may be remembered by readers, had a similar motif, but to that production " Blanche, Lady Falaise" is superior, if it is not, as Mr. Short- house appears to believe, the best thing he has yet done. Blanche Botoraux becomes the fiancee of a popular preacher, the Rev. Paul Damerle, attracted by his philanthropic pro- fessions rather than his personality. The popular preacher soon discloses himself to his true character of a scoundrel, and jilts Blanche for a lady of greater wealth. Blanche re- proaches not Damerle but herself. "I lured him on," she says. "He is rained for life — body and soul; he is ruined for life—he who was so great and good, and it is I who have done it". Afterwards she marries Lord Falaise "premier viscount of England," but her sense of responsibility for the sin of Damerle is still and to the end an obstacle to her happiness. On this study of "egoism masking as remorse" the whole story turns, and like others from the same pen "Blanche, Lady Falaise must be described as a character-novel rather than one of plot or striking inci- dent. "Tim," by a nameless author, is the story of a sickly child whose mother is dead and whose father is in India. Reared in the country by an old nurse he has beside her only one friend, the grandson -^df a neighboring • squire. The etory is taken op with Tim's friendship for Carol Dariey, who in health and physical appearance is Tim'« antithesis, and their life at Eton. Tha plot is interesting, though the conclusion is mournfully tragic. But for its employment by Lord Lytton, "A Strange Story" would have been an apter title than the one given by " Lknoe Falconer" to her latest work," Cecilia de NoeL" A number of people, guests in*, haunted mansion, have their religious sincerity and the practical value of their several creeds subjected to the test o£ the eudden appearance of a ghost, which visits each person separately, and m explanation of its presence states that for sins committed In life against it? fellow creatures, it has been shuh' TO in an "unimaginable loneliness,'? from which it endeavors to escape by appearing to living people. To one guest, a lady of rigid evangelical views, and able to combine a cheerful disposition with the firm belief in endless torment as the inevitable doom of the vast majority of mankind, the apparition suggests only a confirmation of her faith and presents itself as an illustration of a righteous retribution for evfl. A popular .preacher, but in practice a veritable TrprJdlingj "i 3 appalled by a fear prompted by the ghostly eight that all that he *""? been preaching is a delusion, and is converted to a Belief: in the reality of unseen tilings. A votaress of Theosophy is next applied to for an answer to the question which indifferent forms the unhappy visitant puts to each—" Is there nothing but this dark void beyond when life tails away from us? Obtaining no satisfaction from this source ths ghost finally appears to Cecilia deKbel—"ona of those rare souls wbo make the existence of « '.■ loving God credible by the unvarying and unfailing love wnich tlftey - «ww-: selves exercise.'' Pity overcomes Ceolia in; the terror inspired at . first ' by^: th& eight, and she answers the old question" with the words:—" 'Dearfellow spirit, Ica&aostaU; arms; rest for p** iw^aar^b on my neart, ■. perhaps I may make you feel what I feel all around us.' And as X spoke I threw my «rms around the shadowy form and strained it to my breast And I felt as if I were, pressing to me only air, but air colder than fcny toe,jsa that my heart seemed to stop beating, and £ could hardly'breathe. But I stin jcteeped it closer and closer^ jib I ftrew oblaer it seemed to grow less ohflL And at last it spoke, and the whisper was not far airay, faiufe near. It eaid—"lt is enough: now I know what God is!' " The Mtth™* .esplalns . rii?t her intention is not to controvert any of the forms of belief or nnbelief entertained by Cecilia's predecessors, .but to show that by themselves they are unsafiafymg, and that "&e; thought of the unseen realitifia can o&ly; be endured by a spirit strengthened .by a divine companion." 