CHURCH INTELLIGENCE, The Sev. J. Nioholson, president o! the Wes : ley an Conference, preached on Sanday< mdrn ;ing ip thePirie-Btreet Church theoffioialiernion in connection with the Conference now f in session, The text choBen was from Numbers xir,-verBe 29-" Would God that all the Loid's .people were prophets and that the Lord would pnt His .spirit npon them." Mr, Nioholson -said: they had been recently considering the: growth of Methodism and the reasons foriits success. It WBB a surprise to many that a ? movement which a hundred years ago had only 120,000 members now. numbered about' 6,000,000 members and- 30,C00,0C0 adheredts. Dr. B, W, Dale,in his impresBions ot Aba" tralia, had generously spoken of the " magni ficent vigor" of the Australian Methodist Churohes, and said there was "something ia the organisation, the oreed, and the charaoteriitio spirit of Methodism that made it a great (re ligions foice in Britisfr OQlpny,'/ Aiming the itaaiiy things thai jmade t&eiu.; prosperbua might be mentioned "their soriptural doc trines, their experimental and extempore ' preaching, their class fellowship which gave snch oversight to the membens, their oompaot and yet elaetio organisation whioh gave them con taot with varied phases of sooial life, their free use of lay Bgenoies, end the liberty allowed to members to exercise "the' gilt of testimony "toi I he general good nnreatiioted by sacerddtal "iCBtrioHona, These were combined with a real belief in the gift of the Holy Ghost to indi vidual believers aa a privilege of the ohurch. The; text taught that the ministry of the church^ through- its members, under, the im pulse of the Spirit, watf a real'thing, and to a ^recognition oMne place and-powerof the headers in a ohurch Methodism owed much of its Buoobsa, He hoped to live to see the day when an idle Methodist would be as much a contradiction < of terms as a sober dronkard or an honest "thief. He would that-all the Lord's people were prophets. Thia gift of propheoy did Sot mean prediction of future events, but declar ing the truths of salvation as the result of a personal experience of them. They recognised the New Testament ideal of a pastor as one having the free right to use-the functions of his'office and to reoeive the Respect due to that office, yet they did not olaim to be sacrificing " priesta and mediator with power to convey . or withhold grace. They were ambassadors ; for God, and like Motes wete glad to en courage all to labor' who prophesied under the influence of the free spirit given to* the \- children of God. This was in accordance with * the practice of the early obhrob, [when i the members, though scattered by persecution, went everywhere preaching the Woid, and members were added to the ohurch daily. The Christian endeavor movement, which they were adapting to their owi modaa of wbrking was a recognition ofttae privilege of membars ' being workers. They had gift's differing aocording to the grace given, and it was ithe .duty of eaoh to work for the extension of ithe Redeemer's kingdom. In that way only oould ? they reach God's ideal of a Christian Churoh. An open-air service inconnection-with Ithe ."We'eleyan Methodist Charch was held atithe Rotunda on Sunday afternoon. A large con course of people aBBembled on the surroundings lawn, and the proceedings throughout Were!: ? characterised by muoh earnestness, The Re v.,' -Af- Stubba, Mesara. T. Haob, M P., and J. LtCornu gave addresses, while the Revs. Gi E,-! Rowe, T. B. Angwin, Messrs. Jar via and" Orase also took part in the aarvice, Mr. F. J,' Pash aoted aa leader of muaio and singing, effioient aid being given by the Archer street . Wesley an orchestra. The anniversary of the Park-street Christian Snnday-Bohool waB held on Sunday, M«oh 1 -. The afternoon and evening Bervioes were con-; ducted by Messrs, J, Colbourne and JV C. Diokson before large andiences, while the ' children under the leadership of Mr. Wm. Guthrie Bang selections in good Btyle, On Thursday evening, March 5, well attended' tea and public meetings were held, Mr. J. C. Dick eon presiding. At the close about 70 prizeB were distributed, Mias Carrie Campbell and MeBBra, Maslin and Wm. Campbell carry ing off the superintendent's special prizes. The secretary's report showed an inoreaBe of 55 scholars for the year, making the present total, of 331, The branch school has 52 scholars, under the superintendence of Mr, F. St, Ciair Willoughby. The financial report shows that £81 16s. bad been collected during -the year, ol whioh £23 had been sent to the Indiana mieBion, £16 to the picnic committee, and £8 Bpentmprizes. Th'e Orient Jirier R.M.S, Otmur, left Albany at 8.46 p.m, on Friday last, and is expeoted to J arrive at LftrgS Bay at1 daylight bn' Taesday, ThVSmelting Cbmpany'at the Dry Creek' -'Smeltibg."Works'-have received the following -cable advice from their London-agents^ dated March-6:-" Standard silver, 3i. 8jJi, peroz,) soft Spanish lead, £1210a. per ton." 