\- THE FIRST DEATH. (ianox xt rE.oEcn.) La Farlede was a tittle .illage of four or fire hundred inhabitants between Amiens and Abboville, Bad in autumn, gay in spring time, calm, silent, stretched alon a wide road, its houses low, with roofs k and pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows and crowned by a foret f oaks, it was a counter part of all the otherillages of Picardy. Yes, it was a counterart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, its window. csogps of white tooe, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian. landscape, and as it stands a?thousand metr?s, mure or lesfros. the ontekLirts of those tiny provincial hamets La Frlede, at the moment this story oens, was in hubbub of excitement, for a cetery their own individual burying-rovund, a been achieved at last. The municipal council whichhadso long hoarded the funds drawn from the ratepayers for the purpose, had finally seen f to purchase an ancient eld, to wall it in, and to oon rate it to the well. merited repose of the people of the country: "and on and after the let November, IS-," so the announcement read "the cometery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests. Naturally enough, everyone gossipped and jested with ha neighbour on the sub t of the "elect" whowould point out the road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased to a positive riot when simutaneously with the con. closion of the ceremonies that made of the ancient fielda" Gottsaker," handoiill appeared on all the walls, including the Maire's, to the following effect: " Whereas, being sound of mind and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of her who will be the first to inaugurate the new aemetery, I have placed in the hands of the Maire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand francs, to be delivered to the family of the first inhabitant who departs foranother and perhaps abetter world, on andafter this the day of opening, November , IS-," " In witness whereof, signed and sealed by myself, "JEro BITrr reax." In other words, the proprietor of the chiteau already described, formerly a Bohemian of the arteller of the Boulevard Clinchy, and en. riched by thedeceaseof an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor ofa goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigihle joker, he still at tmes, as in the matter of his hand bill, indulged in the same propensity. The statement of the placard wastrue, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all over the village. roups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselree, while others, more incredulous, ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. "The fact is exactly as given," he responded, promptly: "there is no mistake about it The money is in my hands, and will so remain," etc.. etc. The announcement thus olicially vochedfor, everyone joyously returned to his home to beMn at oncothe calculation of his chances-to toae stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimate their average longevity. It goes without saying that those of the inas. bitants fortunate enough to have sick or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though, of course, they triumphed secretly and in silence, whilst the others- those whose families were sound andhealthy-were forced to com fort themselves with the forlorn hope of anacci. dent, an unexpected seiure, or insidious draughts of air. "Such-and-such a one's taking-af'," they recalled. "had been extremely sudden; So-and. so's trifling illness fatal; unlooked-for deaths were always occurring," and those thousand taitalising pistoles danced a saraband in their dreams even when they fell asleep. As for the Moire, poor man, life had become a burden to him because of the hourly deputs. tions and avalanche of queries to which he was forced to listen. "Must they be of the village i" they besought him anxiously, "or was it sufficient to be a member of the parish ? Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take by violence ."-queries that plainly betrayed the villagers' anguish of mind and hugely aused the donator. It is not every day, as you know, that people give up the ghost in villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of the cemetery without an event cf the kind occurring. Still the brains of the people continued to be over excited. and every one, from baker to butcher. from curate to hutanidman, laid ot work from time to'time to measure with his eye, or calcu late mentally, the additional goods or farming ground purchasblewith the money-only the cafs were busier than ever. By the end of the week the story of the hand. bills had become an old one, but by no means a lees aborbing one, though the villagers no longer lowered their eves or voices when dis cussing the matter, and openly footed up the chances. The family of a certain La Poireaux by common consent haL settied it that they were to be the fortunate inheritors, for had they not among them, this family La Poireaux, an clh wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of hab.t alone-a wheezy, yellor, dried-up old mummr. whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask in the Eunshie, and whore demise had long been expected. "But sometimes these aced ones live for ever," objected a ma!icious listener, "and this one shows no more signs of dying than he has done for six months past." "All the same," added another, "it is the family la Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye ouon." Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seised upon all in the race for this money, La Farlede pa essoed no assassin. It was true that the nieing and very aged had become a centre of interest to every one in the family, for they would be able, if aecommo dating, to leave behind them a snug little sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerating their departure. In the households of the le's-hoppily placul the interet was equally nbsorbing--r harsh cough, a laboured breathing bringing the ear upon the alert in an instant. Coughs and dificult breathiengs were harbingers of i~nflam. mation of the lungs, an t infltnmatien of the lungs. as every one knew, took its victim quickly. If anoher one had a re?d fes or an indigestion they awaited a opleny, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to rocver from the moment of the proclama. tion, was cut of with a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, 1hose heirit had previously been, The tnairut ilage at the eopiration of this same wreek was pale and emucirtkI Eeen thoso who had sooead the loudet at ths waiting for dead men's shoes no longer slept tranquillry; drunkards drank twice as much as they had runk before: the aartcious cursed in secret; while the sick, on the contrary, the only cnes who objected to this fashion of ring ieg the hell, seemel to vie with each other in the haste of their recoverr. On the mornirg of the O10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring out, instead of the morning Angelus, and the leotle, falling over each other in the darkness. and rai:ing at fate, precipitated themselves towarts the church to learsn who had won. Alas, arrived there, breathlecs and panting, it was onle to fhnd that the beadle (as usual), full as a thrush, mo:e dated than ever from brood ing upon the promhes of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, hal rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business ,hould end, cr they would all be as mad as the beadle. Ah, well, therre lived at this time in La Farlrde a poor and unfortunate peasant, rarried, the father of two little helpless babies, sand with whom nothing bhu ever sauccerleded. Though ercely paost his fortieth rear. he had run through every country of the'world, to return at last, canquished, to his native village. He was a rood fellow, rentle, affectionate, dreamyr, and inoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for himself or familr in a country where the strurgle with the earth ws hard and endless. tHis ,hder frame tookbadly to the labour of the fieldrs,, and he possessed no other resources. Mlisery and want encorm passed the bousehold, and each evening before the ,moking cinders the wife cried in undress. ing the children, and he, tortured and cowed by a sease of weakness and failure, writhed in I secret The placard of the painter Bitumineux had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Nay, more than that, it had giren him an idea.What if he should be the one to leave ten thousand francs to his wretched family? It would lift them above want for ever ; they would be able with the money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a hsberd3shery -perhas?a more pretentious shop. His wife as ineligent, indutrious-she would surely prosper at the business. He saw them already, these deprived ones, secure of the necessities he bad been unable to give them, the boy later on emploped in a bank, the girl marooed to a commusni.. That evening he embraced them and held them upon Ls breast longer than usual, mar. muring as he watched them laid upon their " Iwlldoit-I must do it; it is my duty." The idea thathad come to him with the read. t of the plmrd, and born of nir and ame, was suicide. For him it wras the re. hsblittin of all his disatrous enterprises, the atonement for thasorrow that he brought upon his fatoly. But, oh, the agony of puot from these beings so tendesrly lved, whose wel. fare and happine? a he coo secure last , but secure only by one means I es weatout towalk for awhile in the em brown! d the yellowed forest, but the rusting of the leavres that his foot pushed aide sounded tohim like the rustlin of a bshroud; sols brst from his anguished bret as he regarded the wide heavens, the valley full of shadows, nd thelittla village that held his all. sFo a long time he hestated. Perthau chanewoulddeliver him erhap it would not be neo rytotake his le in order that they might live, that they might have fire opon the drkused bearthstone, and bread in te pt cpboard. ?ong ao he had assured tmtbytlking with a neighbor who had sieMahthat wide.oa count in t unrl . Of corns he must kill him. alf-to wit loner wa to permit the chance that yet was h to be grasped by another. He took his gun climbed the hillde that overlooked the vilage and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof tat did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body-a wood.cutter pasng through the forest had seen it, and spread the news-the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero, The women sought to spit in his face; while the town counnl itself waited upon M. Bitamineux to demand of himn that the money should not be paid to the family of such a trickster. The painter reponded by adding ten thou. sand more to the firt ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow and her children. "It was my fault," he told himself, deeply moved by th trýy-"my fault, and but for me the ting would never have happened." The Maner alcne and the gendarmes, whom it had been necesary to call noon before thebody of the martyr could be laid in the ground, fol. lowed it to its last resting.pltce, and that same day " the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him pasoed to their last aecont. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the whole of Picardy, and upon his tomb one reads the inscription (uct there by a cunning but sacrilegious hand during the dark ness of the night after the interment) : Tde ditc of the thief. 