THE - STOKVTK!J,KR. TM BARBER'S GHOST. Night was oomlog on apwe; a piercing east wind wildly scattered before it the thick flakes ef snow, which were descend ing so aa completely to obliterate all traces of the path through a lonely moor, over which a traveller was^'ouraeyiug, with the hope of reaching ' a Tillage, wneve he intended to remain for the night. He was an entire BtrangeriQ tiioae parts, ana such was the nature of the country that, under the most favourable circumstances, he would have experienced some difficulty in threading the mazes of the wild dis trict he had to traverse. \- In this dilemma, as life only resource/ he committed himself to tbe guidance ot his horse, concluding that the iustinct of the nohleanimal was much better adapted to the emergency than his own reason, be wildered as it was. The faithful and sa gacious creature fully justified the confi dence reposed in. him ; he pursued his course steadily, but cautiously, and in a few hours the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faint glimmering light m the horizon. i By this time, he was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, formed one body. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, a 'lord of the creation,' on this occasion, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue Iiis coarse, until at length the traveller, more dead than alive, arrived at a venerable and spacious-looking mansion, which ap peared to have been in former days a castle, as some of the battlements, the moat and the gothic gateway were still re maining. However, as lights appeared in the win dows, and sounds of revelry were heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate to avail himself of the knocker to an nounce his arrival ; and after a short in terval, the door was opened. Judge his surprise and satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of tbe castle itself — for-such it was— were transformed into comfortable accommodations for travel lers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from tho pelting of the pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty de* tachcd from his horse, and was shown into the spacious kitchen, in tbe ingle nook of which ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, but not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to the guests who were ca rousing there. As our gucBt was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that he would be even with them for their mis timed jokes ; and he was as good as hiB word, as you will see. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed and foddered, he inquired of the landlady if he could be ac commodated with a bed for himself ; but what was his vexation on hearing that tbe rooms were all engaged, except one apart' ment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the spirit of an unfortunate barber, who had cut his throat there some three weeks before ; since which catastrophe the room was regarded with so much dread that not a servant in the house could be persuaded to enter it. Qui' traveller was not a man to be terri fied by tbe idle fears of ghosts; aud as it was out of the question to budge that night, he expressed his determination to Aleep jn the hannted chamber, and a thought which crossed his mind confirmed his resolution. The difficulty was to pre vail upon the servants to enter tha room to make a fire and prepare a bed j but by dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading and encouraging themhini' self. M length, everything was arranged for the accommodation of the rash and presumptuous stranger, as he was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, after partaking of & hearty supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to be carried up-stairs, observing that it was his intention to sit up awhile to pwait the coming of the spirit, and to question htm about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind and prevented him from resting quietly in his grave. The landlady, who admired the courage of her guest, while she regretted his rash ness, bade him 'Good night,' with 'Heaven bless you, sir/' which she uttered in a tone of misgiving rather than hope, as if she doubted whether she would ever see him again. .t Our traveller lighted his pipe and awaited the issue very composedly, ; The clock struck twelve, the high* change hour of ghosts, but no spirit ap peared. The storm had now increased to a perfect hurricane, and the guests seemed yeBolved to sit it out, as they had formed themselves into a party at hazard. Our traveller had, during the night-, heard fre quent allusions made to himself, some of the company wondering what would be come of him when the o^stle bel) should toll one, which was the signal for the ghos^ to appear. This was news for our tra? veller which he did not fail to turn to im mediate advance, by setting about his preconceived design of actfflg the part of ghost himseif. ? With this view, he converged one of his sheets into a very appropriate spectral robe, around his neck tied a red carter, to represent the wound inflicted by the deceased barber on his throat A piece of burnt cork enabled him to disguise his face and render it sufficiently hideous ; and, to crown all, a night-cap with a large tassel, with death's head aud cross-bonea represented jn front .bv m^ns of the aforesaid burnt cork. It was now on the stroke of one ; and, as if to second his views, the company were just then intent on their gamo ; there was not a minute to , be lost ; something, however, was seeded to complete his costume. He. thought the spirit of the barber could not be more appropriately equipped tb&n; with a razor in one baud and a shaving-box in the other. His portmanteau soon supplied these requisite appendages, when it sud denly occurred to him that it would greatly heighten the cflect if burning spirit wero substituted for the ordinary Jather. The remnant in the bottle readily furnished him with ihe inflammabte lather. Conceive him ready for action, awaiting ihe awful signal from the oastl# turret. -V I It sounded at length, and out* ghost, having lighted up the ethereal contents of his lather-box, stalked out of the room with a heavy tread. The strange sound and the ominous toll of the bell instantly putaq pud to all Upise and revelry amongst jpho terrified gamblers. With pjie kick the spcctie forced open the door, and' pre: seated himself to the horror-stricken com pany. The ghost deemed it prudent not to pllQw th^m t-- raljy fhpir senses j but as * £)i)$g¥ to the eccno, holding $he razor iij I one hand aud the shaviug box Ip the other, iu a deep, hollow voice, said, ' Will you be ubavod 1' There is something sufficiently diet ''brandished in a mesacingattitade,but thb Jdea ;jof , being shaved , by a . ghost, aud , Crushed with inflammable hither, is too much for human nerves. The company all rose in an instant ; and, ss there was fortunately a back door in the room lead* iag.to the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves necks and heels, neypr stopping until they reached the bottom, where they lay sprawling in speechless terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not idle ; his ' robe sawed as an apron, into which he collected all the money on tbe table. He then extinguished tbe candles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete success of his scheme. How the routed guests recovered from their fright would be superfluous to re late ; suffice it to say, tbat at last thejjr retired in fear and trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the money they had left behind them, in the apart ment where tho ghost so unexpectedly in terrupted tbeir revelry. The next morning our traveller in vain rang his bell for tho waiter; not a soul in the house dared answer thesummons; and when ho at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from nis pre sence as if it were a second supernatural visitation. He called- for his breakfast* but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he was surveyed at a distance with glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, he succeeded in persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that he wets the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and tbat he was really flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This assurance he confirmed by a cordial shake of the hand, accompanied by a good natured laugh at the fears wbich his ap pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with bim, and inquired how he had passed the night. 'Never better,' wan the reply. 'Did you hear nothing t' Nothing,' be replied. 4'Nor see anything?' 'MVhy, yes,' said he, with an air of in* difference ; -- an impudent scoundrel of a barber popped b)B head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wauted to be shaved. 1 supposed the fellow was drunk, and so X kicked him down stairs, and fell asleep again.' As tbe weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in tbeir quarters to dinner : and our traveller joined them at the table. The conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; aud the hero of the tale was much amused at the different accounts given of the ghost. One iusisted that it was that of the barber most unquestion ably, as he was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that although he had never seen the barber while liv ing, he had seen a capital likeucss of him, and that it was as like tbe ghost as two peas. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and that his voiee resembled that of the un fortunate man who bad committed suicide in tlie chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting per mission to be heard, thus addressed tbe company — 'Gentlemen, I love a joke as well as any mau ; but a joke may be carried too far ; and as tho belief in ghosts is as ab surd as it is mischievous, I should be sorry tbat we should part without an ex planation. Behold here before you, gentle men, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amongst you When I en tered this ion last night you were pleased to be very merry at my expense ; aud as I always give a llolani for an Oliver, I vowed I would be revenged. The idle re port of tbe ghost in the haunted chamber suggested to me the scheme X practised with so much success. If you doubt my word, geutlemeu, behold the money you left behind in your hurry, and which I bore off with tho intention of restoring to you, as I now do.' As he said this, he uufolded a handker- ' chicf and deposited tho gold upon the table. The explanation, accompanied as it was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced a universal toar of laughter. The guests shook the tra veler by the hand, heartily thanking him for a lesson they should never forget to the last hour of their lives. 