?ï)t ¿àpïmcp ¿ïlormito: ©ixafiju TUESBAX, AUGUST i, 1891. An Englishman, named Wells, -who won £20,000 at roulotte at Monto Carlo, lias won a further sum of £20,000. PoitTuaA- lins declared francs to bo legal enrronoy, and prohibited tho export of silver from tho oountry. Farr, drunken Italian navvies in "Wert Virginia, TJ.S.A., plundered tho house of a woalthy citizen, and after sotting firo to the plaoo killod tho whole of tho family, whioh numbered seven persons. Ii was reported that Sir Hector H. Langevin, Minister for Publio Works in Canada, whoso name has been mentioned in connection with the oh argea of corruption, had tendered his resignation ; but ho has denied over having had any such intention, and asserts that ho can refute the charges. The French press denounce tho Russian press for comments upon matters arising out of tho visit of tho French squadron to Cronstadt, and oxpross favourable viows of the approaching visit of tho French fleet to England. Tits United States Government has issued a warning to tho Jewish Society in Amorioa that it objects to an influx of Russian refugee Jows. Tkc leaders of tho labour party in England ad- vocate following tho lead of tho labour party in Now South Wales, with the view of forming an indopondont party in England and soizing tho balanoe of power. The robel outbroak at Yemen in Arabia has been snbdued, the Turkish troops having completely routed tho robéis. Extbao_din_kt disturbances havo token placo in Lisbon regarding -io prico charged for tho con- sumption of gas, und qniot was not restored until GOO rioters had been arrested. EroHT nuKDB-D navvies havo struck work in Paris. The. Sir John Robertson National Momorial Fund has reached £706 2s 6d, but tho conunittoo has deferred its decision as to what form tho memorial shall ass- mo. TitE revonuo for lost month was £093,693, as against £908,018 for tho corresponding month of last yoar, tho increaso of £25,675 being chiefly derived from customs, excite, railways, and pilotage. Y_st__day tho Marino Boord initiated an inquiry concerning tho loss of the schooner Bertha at tho outrance to the Nambucca River, and aftor ex- amining tho captain and threo of the crow, post- poned tho caso for a rcferonco to tho pilot. Tn_ third term of the Supremo Court for tho present year was opened yesterday. Ik tho Supremo Court yestorday tho appeal against tho finding of tho jury in tho suit of tho Attorney-General v. Milson and others was heard, and tho decision of tho jury was confirmed. Tua August sittings of tho Central (griminal Court wero opened at Darlinghurst yesterday, before Mr. Justice Innes. Two men, named Petronoo Angosto and Joseph Everard, wore yesterday convicted at the Central Criminal Court of uttering a forged bank noto, and wero sentenced to eight and six years' penal servi- tude respectively. Tub Court of Quarter Sessions was opened at Darlinghurst yesterday morning, before Judge M'Farland. The August sittings of tho Land Court wero opened at Darlinghurst yesterday morning, and a number of docisions woro given in applications for the determination of routais under tho Oro«_ Rents Act of 1890. De. Hoixis, M.L. A., has resigned his position asono of tho medical staff of tho Goulburn Hospital on occount of the tax on his time by his Parlia- mentary duties. The rocently-oleotod oommitteo of the Chambor of Conuaeroe held its first meeting yesterday, whoa Mr. H. 0. Fraser was elected prosidont, Mr. J. Inglis, M.L.A., vico-proaident, and Mr. 31. Gott- heit lion, treasurer. Tue R.M.S. Parramatta arrived at Albany yos torday at 10 a.m. Tin. oxport of coal from Nowcastlo for tho wook ended August 1 -was 14,091 tons. TnE steamer Pilot arrived at'Wilcannia from Bourke* on Saturday 'with 31 arrnod police. At Wilcannia on Sunday Inspector Cotter, -with 30 armed polico, inarched into tlio union camp and promised protection to any froo labourers who desired to lcavo the body of unionists. Eighteen of tho froo labourers embraced tho opportunity to lcavo tho camp. The town of "Wilcannia iras in a great state of cxoitcmoiit on Sunday, about 350 unionists parading tlio streets and creating an uproar, hut yostorday tilinga woro quiet. A nitmdee of union shearers aro roportod to ho coming from Victoria to Riverina. The Murriunbidgco nt Narrandera is again flooded, and families aro being driven to tho high lauds. ^ A woodoutteh named Chorlos Irvine waa crushed to death at Robortsou yesterday under a tree which ho had partly cut through. Tue first of tho non-union-shorn wool arrived at Bourko yesterday, and will be unloaded to-day. TnE majority of "tho members of the Wagga Distriot Committoo of tho Shearers' Union profor to fight tho pastoralists, and urgo tho non-nccopt 'ance of tho conditions adopted by tho Adelaide Conference. On Sunday night the Goulburn polico made a raid on a Chincso gambling-houso in tho main street, and arrostod eight porsons who woro playing fan-tan. Yesterday the two keopcrs were fined £10 and costs, tho others being fined 10s. Mr. O'Mailey Ci^akxe, S.M., arrived at Bourko on Saturday night, and will adjudioato on all matters arising out of tho shearing disputo. The chief officer and tho quartermaster of tho steamer Rotomahaua report that ou the voyage from Gisborne to Napier they saw a serpentine monstor, which roso from tho sea to a height of 30 or 40 foot and afterwards disappeared. Three young men named Mciklo, Blanchard, and Beer woro carried over a cliff by a landslip in tho Kigoburn Ranges, Now Zealand, and tlioir dead bodies woro afterwards recovered from under 15ft. of snow and earth. Tue now state of things inaugurated at Rara tonga by the British Resident is working well, oxcopting at Manjaia, whoro the opposition mis- sionary is causing some trouble. Tits French war despatch steamer Volga was totally wrecked on a coral roof in tho,Paumota Archipelago at midnight on July 10. TnE Queensland revenue returns for July show that tho revouuo was £279,054, being a decrease of £27,419 as ooinparod with the corresponding period of tho preceding yoor. Yestebday tho steamer Victoria went ashoro, 30 miles west of tho Norman River bar, Queensland, but no damago was done. FianTnm took placo in tho streets of Cooktown yostorday between tho local and M'lvor tribos of blacks; but hostilities were terminated by tho arrival of tlio police. One black was speared through tho thigh, and another was hamstrung. Heavy floods havo occurred in Gippsland, Vio toria, and considerable loss has been caused in stock and prqperty. Tins afternoon will bo tho first occasion on which tho present Logislativo Assombly will meet for the transaction of private members' business. A Cabinet mooting of the mombors of tho Ministry will bo held to-day, and it is believed that somo dcfiiiito notion will bo taken for tho ap- pointment of a successor to Mr. M'MiUan. It is generally behoved that Mr. Bruoo Smith will bo offered the Treasury portfolio. Sut He-îby Paiikes will make a Ministerial statement to tho Legislative Assombly this evoning, nnd will probably refer to tho future construction of the Ministry. In an action brought by Frederick Howell against the Victorian Railway Commissioners for £1000 damages, judgment was yesterday given for the defendants, with costs. The Bank of Van Diemen's Land yesterday suspended payment. Great excitement was caused at Launceston by the event, but the shareholders express the belief that the suspension is only temporary. It has been decided by the Cabinet that New South Wales shall be represented by a specially selected commission at the World's Exhibition to be held in Chicago. Mr. Eddy, the Chief Commissioner of Railways, has received leave of absence for four mouths, and will depart from Sydney on the 24th instant, on a brief visit to England. Yesteiiday a man named Clarenco William Broad committed suicide by shooting himself through tho head at his houso in Audley-street, Marriokvillo. The Customs receipts yostorday amounted to £14,485. _ It is expected that tlio Premier mil this evening make a statement in Parlia- ment on the position of the Ministry rela- tive to tho vacancy in tho Troasurership. We may be certain that the statement made will secure the earnest atten- tion of the House and of the country. It would be impossible with- out the gravest concern to soo a post so important as that of the Treasury vacant for any considerable length of time in the presont state of financial affairs. As we have before stated, the able management of Mr. M'Mtt.latt in securing a favourable balanco in the account between current. revenue and ex- penditure has made one part of the incoming Treasurer's duty an easy one. This, indeed, has boen still moro facili- tated by the expansion which has for some time past marked our revenue. But another part of the work of the Trea- surer, that which comprises his supervision of loan expenditure and provision of the funds to meet it, has of late boen rendered by- circumstances, which are not discreditable to either him or the colony, especially anxious and delicate. The policy of expenditure on public works, which has rocoived the sanction of Parliament and the concurrence of the colony, has dopleted the reserves in hand of funds appropriated to this purpose. At the same time our natural and legitimate resort to the London money market has by influences with which wo have had nothing to do been rendered for the time unavailable save at the cost of sacrificos which the Government and the colony would bo highly unwilling to make. As a result we have, so far as our loan expenditure is concernod, been temporarily living from hand to mouth, waiting for a favourable opportunity to replenish our funds by tho issue of a loan. It is obvious to all that a situation of this kind calls for high financial competency, incos sant watchfuhiess, and prompt indepen- dence of action, to hold command of the position and to seize the opportunity when it presents itself. This is tantamount to sayintr that the situation requires the un- divided attention of the ablest man who can be secured to fill the post, and that the public uneasiness con only be appeased by the announcement that the post has been filled in this way. So far as the ordinary routine of the Treasury is concerned, this would, doubtless, be safe for a short time in the hands of tho departmental officials, with morely formal political super- vision. But taking the situation as a whole, it is not one of routine ; it is, as we have shown, one of speoial responsibility. To koop the Treasurership in abeyance or in a position of suspense-and this must be the case unless it is taken fully in hand by a competent political financier-is to leave ordinary matters to the routine of the heads of departments, and to abandon al1 attempt to control the financial exigencies of a diffi- cult position, leaving tho Treasury simply drifting like a log in the stream of financial events. We think that we merely express the viows of the public when we say that this is a state of things which should not be unnecessarily prolonged-for a single day. It is, in fact, matter of regrot that it has been allowed to ariso. Mr. M'MiLLAîi's retirement was not a suddon matter. _ As the Premier showed, when addressing tho Houso on tho subject, that gentleman's wish and intention had long boen known to his colleagues. Under these circumstances it would havo boon a matter for congratulation if tho hoad of tho Govornmont, in announcing tho retireinont of Mr. M'Meclan, had also boen able to nnnounco the appointment of his successor. This course, howovor, was not takon. What must bo regarded as a loss satisfac- tory one was adoptod, and nothing now romains but to got back upon the proper lino of road as early as possible. Wo aro by no moans insensible to tho difficulty of replacing a man so ominontly qualified as Mr. M'Millan for tho manage- ment of publio finance. Indoed, tho extraordinary course of good luck which soems to attend tho Parkes Govornmont has boen in nothing moro signally exem- plified than in the raro piece of fortune that, just as it loses ono of tho ablest and most successful Treasurors over known in Australia, it enjoys tho advantago of containing within its own ranks the man whom public opinion has from tho first with full satisfaction fixed upon as his successor. We do not profess to hold any knowledge of Cabinet secrets or intentions respecting this mattor. All that can be said is that if the Ministry were in this business to ignore and disre- gard the express indications of publio opinion it would assume a dangerous and needless responsibility, and if it is ablo to pass ovor Mr. Bauen Smith and to find some- one moro competent and bettor available for this post, then indeed it enjoys a wonderful share of the favours of political fortuno. Until tKty'Jbottor man is disclosed we shall venturo on the assumption that tho Ministry will fill this im Íiortant position from its own ranks, eaving only tho filling up of the less but still highly important post of Minister for Publio Works to the chances of politics. It can hardly be questioned that the ap- pointment of Mr. BiiTjoiî Smith to the con- trol of tho Treasury would bo received with general approbation and a souse of ré- assurance. That gentleman is familiar with the financial views and methods of his late colleague-far more so than an outsider could be. He is believed to have always concurrod in them, and would bo woll fitted to secure a continuity of adminis- tration in our financial affairs. He is himself known us an ablo man of business, and is trusted as being a strong and inde- pendent administrator, all qualities which aro highly requisite at the prosent time in the control of tho Treasury. It is hardly necessary to montion that wo say this in the interest, not of Mr. Bbuoe Smith, but of the colony. It would bo out of place to attempt to dictate to a Government in the exercise of a choice for tho results of which it must stand responsible. In tho present case the suggestion carno spontaneously from tho public as an outcome of the indications of circumstance. Should the Government be ablo to mention a selection better fitted to do justice to the post than Mr. Bbuce Sjuth, wo should hail that result with a measure of satisfaction which would certainly be reciprocated by the country. All we contend for is that the best man should be got for tho position, that he should be got without avoidable delay, and that somo definite announce- ment on the subject should be made when 'the House meets this afternoon. It is interesting to observo that whereas the idea of placing tho management of our railways in the hands of a non-political board of commissioners was borrowed from tho system which had not long before boen introduced in Victoria, the authorities in that colony, being desirous of effecting improvement in that system, have boon seeking information as to tho method of administration followed here. There is a reciprocity in proceedings liko this which is as politic as it is pleasing to witness. The faculty of profiting by experience is ono distinguishing attribute of mankind ; and communities as well as individuals may find it to their interest to examine it by froely studying the experience of others besides their own. Attached to the cor- respondence on railway affairs recently laid before the Legislativo Assembly of Victoria are two letters by our Chief Commissioner to Mr. M'Millan in April and May last. These letters were transmitted to the Minister for Railways in Victoria in accordance with Mr. Shiels's request. They set forth the main prin- ciples which underlie the management of the department under the Commissioners' control; and whatever service they may havo rendered across the border, they are of interest here as throwing light upon the large amount of success with which the enterprise has been and is being worked. The achievement of that success has been contemporaneous with a gradual and partial recovery of the colony from depressing influences, but it is equally true that difficulties and obstaoles of unparalleled magnitude have been in the way, and have been moro or less com- pletely overcome or removed. These facts are before the publio; but few people, probably, outside the department, have any very definite understanding of the arrangements under which these result« have been attained, or of tho guiding prin- ciple upon which those arwiigements wore framed. " One of the first things," we aro told, " the CommissioUers endeavoured to do was to create a re-arrangement of respon- sibility, so that each officer might know what he was called upon to undertake, and then to weld this chain of responsi- bility into one harmonious whole." Thus, in the trafilo branch the head is the " Ghiof Traffic Manager," who has only questions of moment to doal with. Then there are two " outside superintendents " who look after tho details of the running of trains, the observance of rules, and the satisfactory performance of duty by the staff ; and under them are " district super- intendents," who personally supervise the men in the respective districts under their charge Once a month all theso officers meet together and discuss matters affecting tho working of the traffic, such as the train running, the mileage performed, the earn- ings and expenses, the accidents and failures, the necessity for additional accommodation, projects for improved mothods of working, &o.; These monthly conferences are valu- able as providing for an interchange of experience, enabling the principal officers to inspire their principal assistants with the Commissioners' policy, promoting emulation and tho growth of esprit di corps, and facilitating the settlement of matters which correspondence would not dispose of so satisfactorily. A similar system of responsibility, with periodical conferences, prevails in other branches. The minutes of the conferences are printed and sent to tho Commissioners, and, con- sidered'at monthly meetings of committees, at which the principal officers of the various departments attend, and a Com- missioner presides. Finally, there are meetings of the Board of Commissioners, at which the minutos of tho commit- tees aro approved or modified, and business of tho first magnitude is dealt with. But whilst these arrangements, combining individual . responsibility with frequent consultation and conditions favourable to unity of action, constitute one chief characteristic of tho system, anothor and not loss important is the provision for personal supervision by the chief officers throughout, and by tho Commis- sioners themselves, with tho two- fold object of ensuring watchful ad- ministration, and the prompt settlement of all sorts of questions as thoy arise, with- out avoidable delay through the prepara- tion of reports. At the same time the Commissioners koop a firm control over all the expenditure, and in large matters personally inquire into tho merits of tho case on the spot. The backbono of the systom is pointed out by Mr. Eddy iu thoso words: - "It must always bo borne in mind that no system, however porfoctly organised by the administration, will bo successful, unless it is supported by a constant and elose supervision by tho executive officers " ; and in following out that principio every portion of tho linos is visited by the Commissioners themselves at least onco a year, and moro frequent visits are paid where important works aro in pro- gress or large expenditure is askod for. Tho systom as a whole seoms admirably adapted to give the Commissioners a firm grasp of the business^ generally, to enlist tho co-operation of the officers in every branch in tho promotion of efficiency, and to provide conditions under which the requiromonts of the service and the wants of the public are most likely to be brought into notice without delay, and to bo mot with promptitude. For thoroughly carrying out such a system as this, however, the Commissioners should havo a fioo hand, and bo practically exempt from liability to political inter- ference. Although tho rauways are the proporty of tho State, thoy aro to bo re- garded rather as constituting a vast business establishment than as a Govern- ment department. As long as the State confines its activity to the work of making and a(hninistering laws for the protection of life, liborty, and proporty, the main- tenance of peace and order, and matters of a coriesponding kind, political machinery is the best to uso and political methods aro applicable. Of those, responsible govern- ment-much as we may complain of the abuses that too often surround it-is per- haps the best. But the political method is not the best adapted for tho efficient manage- ment of a great business concern. In such casos the operation of political in- fluences almost necessarily interferes with the production of tho best results. The eUraination of political influence, however, is not enough of itself to secure them. In displacing it, there must be substituted strong and able men, and a scheme of administration that will havo positive merits of its own, and not simply be freo from the worst defects of political management. Good men, freely trusted and loyally supported, can hardly fail to succeed in a country with ever-expanding interests. But oven under non-political managomont it is a mistake to count upon success if the con- ditions of success are wuuting. It is so in purely private enterprise. We often seo a business that has flourished under the firm that founded it fall off or fail when con- ducted by a joint-stock company. The failure is frequently attributed to the loss of the vigilant and all-pervading super- vision which had originally prevailed. Government railways, to succeed, should bo managed not only as a private business, but as nearly as possible on the lines that in a private business lead to success. At last the clouds havo bogun to roll away, and we have the promise of brightor and happier days in the relations of em- ployer and employed. The correspond once in another column shewing that all the difficulties have been removed in tho way of a froo conforence between pastoralists and shearers will be read with satisfaction by the public, who, whatever may be their Îjorsonal leanings, must havo felt that this ong continuance of strained relations was disastrous to the general welfare. This is not the time for any review of the past, but rather for saying let bygonos be bygones, and for looking forward in the hope that no contretemps will occur to disturb the harmony of the pending negotiations. The shoarors have done well in withdrawing a stumblingblock that lay in the way, and the pastoralists have done well in frankly agreeing to a free conference. We may regret that these things have not taken place long ago ; but ho would bo no friend to the cause of peace and good under- standing that would raise tho ques- tion of whose fault it was. To an outsider it may havo appeared as if there was some, probably uninten- tional, playing at cross-purposes, or rather a coyness on both sides at seeming to bo making concessions or advances. But now that the reserve has been broken through no one will bo guilty of tho "bad form" of raising the ghosts of the past. The struggle of that past has been bad for the country and bad for all ; and the sooner it is buried and out of sight the better. The labour party have now, as they fool and know, tho oppor- tunity of having their grievances con- sidered in a constitutional way, and as far as legislation can go they have it in their hands to havo anything which they may regard as wrongs made right. In such circumstances it would be worse than madness for them to have any sympathy with violence as a remedy. This conferonce we confidently hope will be the closing of a period to be itself remembered with regret ; but which, if wisely turned, may be the prelude to a long term of peace and pro- gress. There remains now but the fixing of the date of the conference ; and if we may add ono closing admonition, wo would express the hopo that both parties will show their confidence in thoir good intentions and their cause by taking tilo public into their confidence and holding the conforence with open doors. Nothing good comes of secret con- clave. The publio is as much interested as either party-possibly more than both -in having this affair ended satisfactorily, and the public sympathy, frankly invited and frankly given, will be a stimulus and not an obstacle to progress. . Tho question of the quarantine of im- ported dogs has oxcitod some attention in Victoria consequent on representa- tions addressed to the Government by the Governments of the other colonies re- specting a certain laxity that has crept into the methods of quarantine in that colony. In view of the danger of the introduction of hydrophobiainto Australia, by agreement mode in conference it was resolved that the several colonies should impose isolation for a period of six months in the Government quarantine grounds on all dogs imported from oversea ; but for some time the authorities in Victoria have been allowing importers to qvarantine the dogs in their own private homes. This palpable fig mor/t naturally gave dissatisfaction to all who felt the importance of absolutely preventing the possibility of the colonios being visited by such a terrible malady ; and it is satisfactory to leora that the newly-formed Board of Publio Health in that colony has warmly sustained the exposhilations addressed to Victoria from the sister colonies, and unanimously re solved that m tho interests of the pubho health, and to preservo uni formity of practico, "dogs hablo to be quarantined should bo quaran- tined at the Government quarantino ground only " That Buch a question should over havo anson sho-n s the necessity that thoio is for some stiong poi\or, that is not hablo to tho piessure of privat« mtoiests, having m hand the control of tho quaiantino laws foi tho pro- tection of tlie whole continent These colonies havo so far happily enjtyed au immunity from this malady, and it !3 hardly to bo doubted that by proper care taken our shores may be kept freo from it foi all tuno Those who b) their influence with tho Government have sought to con- ti aveno tho regulation havo shown how tho spirit of selfish gratification ara blind peoplo somotimos to the gonoral interests, for let rabies once ¿ai a footing m Australia, and it 18 more than probable it could never bo eradicated A now danger would be gi\ en to life, and a new anxioty imported into our relations with the domostio animals with which our families aro most familiarly in contact It is certainly ¡¡ot desirable that needless difficulties should be placed in the way of the introduction of high-class stock of any kind into these colomos , but the imposition of su months' actual seclusion-not the "moko bolieve" soclusion of a private ken- nel-is not an insuporablo barrier to such .importation if the animals are îeally woith it. But better far he content -nith the stock that we have, and have no moio dogs introduced, than leavo any possibility of tho outrance of canino madness into Australia But thoro is no necessity for such prohibition if tho mutual engagements of the colonies in this respect aro honestly ful filled However, this little incidont in re- lation to a single disease sorves to show tho necessity o listing for uniform as well as strmgeut fede- ral laws of quarantine, for, as the strength of a bridge is just m the measure of its weakest part, wo can understand hw the most rigid quarantine of the rest of tho colonies may be nullified by the opposition 01 the inaction of one Tms afternoon, nt tho usual hour, hon men bers of the Lcgismtn o Assembly will meot fçr the transaction of pm ate members' business It mil bo the first private members' night of tki Parliament Somo twenty questions, how over, aro on tho agenda pupcr for answers before what is technically called tho business of tha Houso can bo reached Following theso two notices of motion m tho names of Mr G H Eeid and Mr Iradi, dealing -with the standing orders of tho session, btaud beforo 42 notices of motions, n hich include the asking for leavo to in troduco numorous private bills There are four orders of tho day-the consideration m committee of tho Early Closing Bul, the Eight Hours Bill, tho Wages of Workmen Bill, and tho second road ing of tho Legal Practitioners' Bul At noon to-day an Executn o Councü meeting, convened by tho Premier, will bo held in til Council-chamber Half-un-hour later membcra of tho Ministry will assemble m Cabinet, when, it is behoved, some definite notion will bo takon în tho direction of appointing a suoccssor to Mr M'MiUan, tho luto Colonial Treasurer Tho Premier announced yesterday that the filling of tho vacancy caused by Mr M Millan's resitrnntion had not been mentioned to him by any of his colleagues, nor mooted to them by himBelf It is genorally honeyed, howovor, that Mr Bruce Smith will bo offered tie Iroasury portfolio, but his hkely successor in tie Works Department lias not been mentioned. Mr Copoland had an mtorviowwith tho Premier yesterday afternoon This ovening Su- Henry Parkos will make a Ministerial statement to tis Legislativo Assembly, and m all probability it ¥21 havo referenco to the futuro construction of ti« Ministry Ov Wednesday, at noon, a deputation from East Carlingford will wilt on tho Minister for Lands with tho request that a pubho park be reserved for tho district Tm rovenuo for the past month amounted to £093,693, as against £988,018 for tho correspond ing month of last year Tho uicroaso of £25 67a is inado up principally from tho sources of Cas toms, exciso, radways, and pdotago As previously announced, Mr E M G Eddy, tho Chief Commissioner of New South Walo« Railways, is about to pay a brief visit to England. Ho has received from tho Govcramtmt leavo of absenco for four months, during which time he hopes to insure completo restoration to health by absolute rest Mr Eddy will leavo Sydney overland to Adelaide on tho 24th instant, join tho RMS Orotava m tho Adelaide roadstead a f ow days later, and proceed direct to England, reaching London about tho beginning of October His^tay m tho old land will not oxtend many days over a month, as ho is booked to retara by tho Austral early m November, and that vessel is timed to reach Port Jackson botween tho 20th and 24th of next December In his journey home and back Mr Lddy will be ueeompamed by hu wife Miss Eddy will remain m Sydnoj The first fast express train, winch loft Sydney for tho Northorn border town on Sunday night, modo a fairly sahsfactory run A delay of about hulf-an-hour occurred on tho Moonbi Banges, owing to the ongino axles becoming heated, mainly in conséquence of tho road bomgrendered unusually heavy by a fall of snow Yesterday tho Mayor of Glen Innes, Alderman Fitzhardinge, telegraphed to Mr H M'Lachlan, the Socretnry for Badways,' asking hun to convoy to the Railway Com-» sioners tho congratulations of the Glen Innes Town Councd on tho successful inauguration of tho now Northern express timo-tahlo A similar messaga was also received fiom tho citizens of Armidale. Y_3T_b_at tho Railway Commissioners received tho following tenders -For tho supply of 100 seta of ironwork for "D" waggon brakes, 13offers, lowest Messrs Rodgers and Sou, £8o0 , erection of an ovorbndgo near Narrandera, six tenders, lowest Messrs rrankhn and Finlay, £071 la 10d, and asphalting at Gundagai, Culcairn, and Albury, two tenders, lowest Mr J Donohuo, £142 Or late complaints havo boon made regarding iha ohargos fixed for tho carnage of hay, straw, «ad ohaif on tho Now South Wales railways A spooially-prcparod roturn relating to theso par üonlar freights informs tho Commissioners that tho average load of hay per ordinary tniok is 4 tom 6owt , of straw, 4 tons, and of chaff, 6 tons. The carriage foes oharged aro considered to be reason ablo, as for a distance of 200 mfla tho freight for hay and straw is Jd por ton per milo, and for chaff less than }d per ton porrada. The ohorgo for SOU miles caxnago would be a fraction over jd per ton per nulo for hay and straw, and about ono-third of a penny per ton for ohaff kr obediencQ to the wish of Parliament th» trustees of tho Publie Library (says tho "clbouraj Argus) intend shortly to throw open the Art Gallery to tho pubho at night tims, m order that business men and art_iu_, and all whoeo occupa- tions provont thom during tho day from studying tho beautiful works of art that havo beca gathered togothor for thoir délectation, may havo tho opportunity during their leisT hours in tho evening The only drfiiculty in tha way is that of providing sumciont light without throwing a shoen on the pictures which will mar thoir beauty On Friday afternoon the trai- tées, assisted by Mr Robert E Josoph, electri- cian, experimented with electric lights of aboot 0000-candlo power in tho aggregate, and tbi trial was eminently satisfactory Tho lamps wen suspended from the coiling, and wore provided with small roQoctors, whioh, wlulo not casting a shadow, throw tho hght just whore it was hkely to be most effootivo TowXBDSthoondoflastyoaraquantityofjnfsand Sunn hemp seod was distributed m small parcels by the Department of Agnoulturo to fanners in th« north-eastern portion of the colony According to reports received by tho department, in most in- stances the plants raised from this seed have dono remarkably well Somo of tho jute plants ottam» a height of lift, tho avorago beingoboutClt, while a majority of the Sunn hemp plants grow between Cft and 8ft high Both sorts made this growth during about 4¿ months, and ímder direc- tions contained in artiolos whioh hud been pro pared by tho department to assist fi101T"; Somo of the farmors havo forwarded samples of ti» fibro produced, whioh is now on viow in tto Departmental Museum The sueoessful growth of those valuable fibre phmta having thus beeaniow» <a bo bool poiablo »n¿ raP,d>ll aT»*8 fto ontor_ ¿nae of tho manufacturer to doielop an important industry From liiBtruotions issued by tlio dopart mcnt good samples of fibre havo been made from Sat pest of farmers, "JW"» l»°f*° . °r «Queensland homp plant," Sida rhombifolia lum, tins radicating how to turn to profitable account vhat has hitherto boon considered of no econonuo value . , . Tim seeds and roots of cconomio plants dis- tributed last year by the Di/partuiont of Agricul- tor, havo boon so much appreciated by f armors, and tho plants raised havo proved to bo so well adapted to tho olimate of New South "Wales, that us Minister for Agnoulturo has obtained for dis inbution this year a largor and moro vanod «apply Altogothor tbo dop-irtment will send out «ni half a ton of seeds and a quantity of tubers Tho seeds aro now being thoroughly fumigated previous to distribution Tho dor artmont is fully {¿ive to the importando of fumigating ovory sood that it distributes, to kill any nueot or fungoid post which might bo introduced bat for this precaution Suffioiont caro has not Julherto been exercised in disinfecting seeds, roots, «r plants received from othor countries, to whioh legleot may be attributed many of our fiold, garden, and orohard pests Tho fumigator nsod by tho department was designed by ono of its officers, and mado in this colony It is a modol of eimphoity and oflicienoy Tho seeds for distribu- tion consist of 14 vanoties of upland nee, six varieties of sugar beet, Indian grain, Esparto pass, jute, oustard applo, South African slieop tush, and soveral other lands in smallor quanti- ties The roots eompnso ginger, tumorio, two vanities of now sweet potatoes, and tho truo tapioca plant Full instructions as to tho proper mode of growing will bo forwardod with caoh paciot of Boed and roots, so that farmors will not adopt wrong methods of cultivation Agncnl tanats who will undortako to oultiiato those seeds and report the results to tho department are requested to mako application to tlio Direotor of Agnoulturo as soon us possible Bt direction of tho Colonial Secretary a revised and enlarged edition of tho " Now South Wales Parliamentary Companion " is being published at the Govornmont Printing Office This compendium of Parhamoutary information gives a list of tho Ministry, the under-si>oretaries, and officers in tho tro Logislntrt o Chambors and tlio Parliamentary library Then follow tho names and addresses of members of tho Counoil and Assembly Tho addi- tions to tho "Companion" includo an index to the Standing Orders of tho Assombly and a reprint of tho standing rules and orders as adoptod and approved m tlio first eossion of the sixth Parba ment, held m 1870 Tbe Australian warsjnps bavo not dono badly on their outward voyages to Colombo Scarcely had the Tauranga sailed oro the Ringarooma put m an appearance and tho same thing happened with the Katoomba, Wallaroo, and tho Mildura Closo on tho hcols of eaoh othor thoy steamed into Colombo By tho Oratara yesterday reports wera received that tho Wallaroo arrived on the evening of tho third ultimo in command of Captain H J Gibson Tho officers aro- Lieu- tenants, C J Erics, A E Harford, E P T Jiealo, and J H Martin , Stott Engineer, It Harris , Paymaster, Woolward , Doctor, Jacob , Sub-I loutoniint, Marshall Enginoor, Thum wood, Assistant Engineers, Campbell and Hcaloy On tho following morning the Mildura entered and anchored closo to tlio Katoomba and tlio Wallaroo Tho Mddura like tho others mot with sovenl mishaps soon after leaving tho builders' hands, but as far as her .tanning report to Colombo is concerned sho has behaved splendidly, and has mado a fast passage of 20 days Her departure for Batavia was fixed for the 11th ultimo, following tho Wallaroo by two days Tho arru al of these warships at Colombo completes tho squadron with tho excoption of tho torpedo gunboat Karakntta Tho RMS Ocoana, it will bo remembered, reported passing tho Knra latta two days out from Sue?, and sho has arrived at Colombo in all probability long era this All tho ships were to meet at Batavia and procood thonco to Thursday Island During the prosenco of tho Katoomba, Wallaroo, Mildura, and the Boomerang, in Colombo harbour, the new flagship Marathon, on the eastern station, arm ed there Tho Australian squadron saluted, and the ilagship brought up in their midst Rear- Admiral Erodonok O B Robinson Commnndcr in Chief on the station, visited tho Atutrahan ships H M S Marathon has takon the placo of the Boadiuca as ilagship for a tuno, and lu.lcttcrrccoived sho is dosonbed as a " twm-scrow eraser of tho thud class, of 29o0 tons, and 9000 horso po« or, and though painted wluto, ro tembles closely tho Katoomba and other Aus- tralian ships lying in Colombo waters " It is also tinted that the heat in tho Red Sea caused a good deal of sickness on board tho new ship, and sovoral mon were sent homo by mail steamer from Colombo invalided The Tcderal Pastoralists' Council continued its sittings all day yesterday, but no business of pubbo interest was transacted, tho attention of tbo dole gates boing confined to tho working of the union, and passing accounts, It is understood that the conned wdl to day elect fivo representativos to meet an equal number of shearers in conforenoo Mb W R Rrxjjy, of Goulburn, has been appointed an honorary mombor of tho Cobden Club, a distinction conferred m recognition of tho sorvices of recipients m promoting tho objects of tho club-that ib, tbo canse of freedom of cummeroo Tho othor honorary members m Now South Wales aro Sir Honry Parkes, G C M G , Hon G A Lloyd, Esq , ML O, nnd Messrs E Pulsford, G H Roid, M P, B R Wiso, M P , and Henry Hay Sir John Robertson's namo also appears on tbo list To celébrate tho completion of ostensivo improi o menta m thoir warehouse, Messrs A J Riloy nnd Co p warehousemen, of Sydnoy andLondon, invited their employees last Saturday to a pionio Tho commodious steamor Pheasant convoyed tho party to Pearl Bay, Middle Harbour, whoro varions «ports woro indulged in, after Mhioh a capital din- ner, supplied by Mr Banmann, was partaken of on hoard The hoad of the firm, the Hon A J Riley, M L O , oconpiod the chair, and in proposing tho toast of " The Employees," spoko of tie success which had attended thou- business efforts during tho past half year He alluded to tho good feeling which had always existed botweon him and those in his omploy Allusion was also mado to the improvements lately effected in tho warehouso, and the increased room thoreby scoured, which ?would not only give greater facilities fortbopropor display of goods and facilitate business, but also «H greatly to tho comfort of his staff Mr Wm Jesse responded for Ins tollow- omployocs, and othor toasts followed A bteoul meeting of tho Sir John Robertson national Memorial Fund Committee was held nt the Town Hall yesterday afternoon to deoido wat form tho memorial shall tako Mr A J *%. it L O , presided Tho amount of tlio fund Tras reported to bo £706 2s Gd, and tho committoo announced tho recoiptof £5 (making in all £25) from Mr John Moore, boing COO Is subscriptions collected ia Arnudalo After consideration, tbo committoo decided to dofor tho matter of tlio form of the {pariai, bnt it was snggoitod that the fund Mdevotod oither for the erection of a statuo, the establishment of a bursary, or for prizes for an «anual treatise on land or agnoulturo Thb third Term of the Supremo Court for tlio rTent year was oponod yostorday, the Court con s»T8 of their Honors tho Cluof Justico, Mr Justice Windeyer, and Mr Justico roster Tho principal matter dealt with was the Attorney General v Milson and others This action, it may j» remombcrod, was tried last Juno, and took tho form of a writ of intru- sion filed by the Attorney-Genoral against aefendants to reoovor possession of about 20 acres 0f land at Cremorno, or Robort "J" grant, orabrnoing tho water frontago *»enTg back a distanco of 100ft above «ipi water mark Tho dofenco sot np was thnt, I though the 100ft had been expressly reserved ra T> ongmal grant to James Robertson, ho took PMwwon of the land ra 1829 advorsoly » »o Crown, and that defendants, through T»i had retained possession continuously for 60 jean, thus ousting the titlo of tho Crown The nerang lasted fivo days, and the ovidenco was TT4 occasionally, if not onhvoned, by legal argu Bent as to the precise meaning of a certain section « tt» Aot 9 George III, ohaptor 10, known also « WA ¡ilium Temp«. Ant, and the admlssibibty « evidence The jury returned a verdict for Î*T« with 40s damages, and defendants ap F»"« upon grounds bearing mably upon tho Aot 3" referred to, and as to whether his Honor Towrong m admitting oertara ovidenco and *^g fte jury ra a particular way The Court rana« tho rule, and tho decision of the îury is, "weforo, confirmed Tia Manne Board mot yesterday to inquire into bL^T8,1T068 aUondTE tho loss of the sohoonor jotha at tho entrance to the Nambucca River on (TL « "^T wore Present-Captains Hixson titelt), Broomfield, M'Lean, Robertson, «*K and Jenkins, Mr W.ldndge, and tlio "Tuj (Captain Lindeman) Tho evidenoe of «MöMter, Captain E WikkeUo, showed that the vessol was crossing tho Nambucca bar in bal- last from Sydney, and in doing so took tho bar and beoamo a total wreck. Ho attributed the loss of tho sohoonor to the tug not having suffloient power to tako her in. Corroborativo ovidonco was given by tho mate and two of the crow, and the further consideration of tho caso was postponod for a roforonoo to the pilot as to tho state of tho vessel and tho ontranoo of the rivor. Tn_ August sittings of the Land Court opened yesterday morning, at Darlinghurst. A niunbor of appeals and references woro dealt with, and decisions wero given in a numbor of appli- cations for determination of rentals under tho Crown Rents Act of 1800, whioh worn reserved from last sittings. Tiib August sittings of tho Central Criminal Court openod yesterday morning, at Darlinghurst, boforo Mr. Justico Innes. The Crown Prosecutor again applied for a postponomont of tho ohnrgo against Maurico Dalton of murdering his wife at Foveaux-strcot, Surry Hills, on tho ground of tho illness of a material witness, Mrs. Mary Arthur. Mr. Shand, on behalf of the acousod, opposed tho application, and his Honor reserved his dcoision till to-day. The rest of tho day was occupied in the hearing of a charge of forgery and uttering a £1 Commercial Bank note, against Potroneo Augusto and Joseph Everard. At 5 o'clock tho jury retumod a verdict of guilty of uttering against both porsons, and thoy wero sentenced to eight and six years' ponai servitudo respectively. Tn_ August sittings of tho Metropolitan Quarter Sessions oponed yesterday morning boforo his Honor Judge M'Farlano, at Darlinghurst. A number of cases of a comparatively unimportant charaotcr woro disposod of, and in a oaso of alleged pocket-picking, tho j'ury, failing to agree, wero looked up all night. Tiru question of Now South Wales being repre- sented at tho World's Exhibition to bo held in Chicago has reooivod consideration by tho Cabinet. After mature deliberation the Government has decidod that this colony shall bo represented by a BpeoiaUy-solectod commission, numbering perhaps a dozen mon, to bo choson solely because of their fitness to net in such a special capaoity. At pro sent it has not beon determined who will ofiloiote as oxecutivo commissioners. Parliament will bo asked to vote a sum of money for the purpose. -attain Geougtü Oates, sonior commandor of tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's fleet, diod on tho 20th of Juno last. It may bo remembered that owing to serious illness ho was nuable to return from Sydney with his ship, tho Victoria, in May, and though ho rallied sufficiently in Sydney to tako passage by tho Ballaarat, ho was so woak when that steamer readied Plymouth it was decidod to tako him to London that ho might havo tho benefit of the best medical advico and nursing, in preference to allowing him to undergo tho fatiguo of railway travelling to his homo. Ho rapidly sank after tho steamor arrived, and diod at the age of 62 years. Many Australians will learn tho news with extremo regrot. Captain Cates married only a few years since, and ho leaves a young family. At the timo he was taken ill ho was arranging to retire, hoping to enjoy somo years of rest after a long and faithful service as a shipmaster. The funeral of Mr. T. K. Abbott, S.M., will take place to-day. A steamer will leave Princes Stairs at 1 o'clock for Hunter's Hill, where the deceased resided. The coffin will then be conveyed to Milson's Point, tho funeral cortego leaving there for St. Thomas' Cemetery at 3 o'clock. The third session of the eighth synod of tho dioceso of Sydney will bo commeuocd to-day. During the session there will bo submitted an ordinance to próvido for tho continuance in office of committees appointed by the synod, and auditors, notwithstanding that tho synod whioh appointed them may havo ceasod to exist. The trustees of tho Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund havo givon notioo of thoir intention to submit to tho synod a proposal for an additional rulo to amond in cortain particulars tho rulos for tho managoment of tho fund. Returns of tho numbor of meetings and attendances of tho trustees of tho Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund, of the trustees of tho Clorgy Superannuation Fund, and of members of tho standing committee of the Cathedral Chapter, of tho committoo of the Church Sooiety, of tho com mittoo of the Diocosnn Educational and Book Socioty, of tho committoo on Religious Instruction in Publio Schools, of tho diocesan corresponding committee of tho Board of Missions, of the Sydney Diocesan Committoo of tho Church Centennial Fund, of tho Council of Tho King's School, and of the Counoil of tho Sydney Church of England Grammar School, North Shore, will bo pre- sented. The monthly meeting of the Wosleyan min- isters was hold at the Centenary Hall yosterday morning. It was agreed that the British mon-o' worsmen rofcurnod as Wcsleyans should march to parado sorvico at tho Contenary Hall overy Sunday morning. Arrangements woro mado for district meetings of tho Churoh to bo held in Novombor, and after othor matters had beon dealt with the mooting adjourned. A nemo and trip round the harbour was givon to Mr. J. H. Goodlet, J.P., on Saturday after- noon by tho teaehors of the Ashfield Presbyterian Sunday School, to mark thoir appreciation of his services as superintendent, a position held by hu- smeo the eohool was started 16 years ago, but which ho has boon compollod to resign through having to bo frequently absent from the oity. Tho steamor Birkenhead took tho party, number- ing about 40, up tho Parramatta River as far as Ryde Bridge, where a halt was mado and lunch served. At tho conclusion of the repast, Mr. John Aitken, on behalf of his fellow-toaohors, pre- sented the guest of the occasion with a neatly bound address. A successfuI/ masquerade carnival was held last evening at tho Darlinghurst Rink. There was a largo number of skaters present, and the gay costamos presented quite a brilliant sight. The horse hnrdlo raco afforded groat amusement, and was won by J. Hogan, with W. Griffon second. Professor Wallace gavo somo splendid exhibitions on tho wheels, which added to tho pleasure of tho evening. Anotrr 200 porsons assomblod last evening in the Globo Town-hall, in answer to an invitation issued by the Mayor (Alderman Lnoas) and tho Mayoress of tho Globe, to a sooial, to mark the oponing of additions to tho town-hall, and the evening passed off snccessfully. Among the guests, besides tho local councillors, woro Mr. T. J. Houghton, M.L.A. for tho Globe, Aldermon Hardie (city), Clarke (Redfern), Bealo (Darling- hurst), and Lander (Redfern). The now additions include a spacious council -chnmbor and reooption hnll, togother with tho Mayor's room and othor smaller rooms. One of tho prominent members of tho Sydney Liedertafel, and a woll-known tonor singer, Mr. A. Gross, was entertained lost night at the Australia Hotel by a numbor of tho members of the society, and othor friends. Mr. Gross, who is about to pay a visit to tho old country, waa givon a most enthusiastic farewell, a special foatnro of tho evening being tho musical items rondorod by tho members of tho Liedertafel. " TrrEODOiu. " waa roooivod with so much onthusiasm at tho Theatre Royal last night, that it appeared as if playgoers were moro fully convinced than at first of tho spectacular beauty and tragic interest of Sardon's play. Nerved by the applause, Mmo. Bornliardt playod with remarkable ¿lan and vivaoity in tho comedy soenos, and tho foroo of her art in the murder of tho fourth act called forth tumultuous approval from tho house. M. Darmont was also called and re-oalled for tho fine display he made in the garden scone. " Theodora " will be performed for tho lost time this evening, and to-morrow and Friday thoro will bo farewell re- | vivais of "LaTosca." On Thursday M. Dar mont's strong realistio drama of peasant life in Franco will be repeated, and Mme. Bernhardt will make absolutely her farewell appearances in this oountry in " Fedora " on Saturday afternoon, and in "La Darno aux Camélias " at night. By reference to anothor column it will bo seen that tbo French Company will be succeeded on Monday evening by the Royal Comio Opera Company, who will initiate thoir season hy tho production for the first timo in Sydney of Planquetto's tuneful work ontitled " The Old Guard." The oustomary change of bill took place at the Alhambra Musio Hall last evening, and the now programma submitted was quite as good as any of its predecessors. As usual, tbo " corners " wero ocoupied by such ex- perienced artists as Messrs. Paning, Gardiner, Sullivan, and Holland, and their conundrums many of which possessed the oharmof originality wore duly emphaaisod by Mr. H. Barrington, who filled tho position of conversationalist. Mr. Wallace King sang " My love I am waiting," in a worthy marmor, and Mr. Tonssard scored a decided "hit" in his Tyrolean contribution, viz., "Moun- taineer." Miss Boatrioo James gains nightly in pubho favour, and her rendition of " Eostaoy " lost evening was keenly appreciated. Sho was obliged to respond to an onooro. The serio-comio, Miss Modolino Franks, is very popular, as is also Miss MUlio Herbert, than whom it would be duli cult to find a bettor contralto vocalist In tho oho Messrs Sullivan and Salvmi appeared xn their wondorful ohungo act entitled "Presto," and Mossrs Franks and Marion followod m a song and dance sketch Mr Harry Hostmgs was v,o\l heard in his dramatic contribution, and a pleasant evening's entertainment concluded with a laugh ablo sketch, in which 'the membors of Prank Smith's Vanoty Company took part Tub numbor of visitors at tho National Art Gillcry during July was -On 27 week days 11,814, nverago 412, on four Sundajs 9389, average 2347 total, 21,333 We loam that a Congregational munster well known in this city, the Rev A T Collier, has achiovcd a striking success in England with tho now telophono recoivor which ho has recently invented In fact the contrivance seems hkely to cause almost i revolution m tho workuig of tho English tolephono systems, and a syndi- cate has been formed for tho purposo of mtroducing tho nnention to tho English market Tho Ilecliical Engineer thus describes tho instrument -"The tolephono itself embodies two Himplo ideas, for tho embodiment of which patents havo been taken in England, America, and the colonies, ¿o Theso aro (1) the employment of a top iron armature placed directly in boh> een tho poles of amagnct, thus using two poles, and with this two vibrating dinphi ignis, ono between each polo and tho core , and (2) tho mothod of taking tho sound of tho vibration from inside tho diaphragm box, instead of outsido as now usually done This latter arrangement in itsolf gives a greater volumo of sound, by reason both of the greater activity of the magnetisa- tion, and also from tho additional magnotio variations that go on in tho core-offects that havo been already noticed, but not usod By combining theso ideas, and using two diaphragms, tho telephone receiver is rendered far mora sensi- tivo, and its sound very much louder and moro distinct So muoh so is this that the Bound from a Colhor tolephono entirely overpowers that from a Bell receiver on the samo circuit, almost as a person shouting ngninst a whisper Tho sound is almost of a sufiioiont volumo to nil a small room, and it ia stated that the difficulty with the tele- phone in India, namely, that the natives of ono caste will not use tho instrument placed against tho ear of a native of another caste, is now obviated, as it is not necessary to placo tho tolephono closo to the ear in order to hear speech " The annual services in connection with the social reform work of the Salvation Army were very successfully hold at tho Contonary Hall, York-stroot, yesterday afternoon and ovon mg At 3 o'olook about 1000 porsons assembled, and after dovotional exercise, an address was delivered by Commissioner Coombs on the work dono by the Army during tho past 12 months, which ho characterised as marvollous Tho numbor of fournies ad- mitted during tho ycir into tho Rescued Sisters' Homo was shown to bo 267, and tho numbor of persons admitted during tho same period into the Prison Gates Brigade Homo was 406 At 5 o'olook a very largo numbor of thoso interested in tho work sat down to tea, and a mass meeting was hold in tho hall in tho evening whon addresses woro dohveied by "Commissioner" Coombs, "Colonel" Taylor, "Brigadier" Roth- well, and others Collections wero mndo at both mcotmgs m aid of tho fund foi tho rosouo work A seiíious accident occurred yesterday morning to a httlo boy named William M Gregor at tho buildings m Chanoory-squaro, duo to somebody's noghgenco in not Beoiiig that certain woodwork was kept m a propor Btato of repair The buddings, formerly tho lmnugratiou dopot, whioh aro shown by a tablet on tho trout to havo boon erected m the time of Go\ ernor Macquarie, havo foi somo timo past been used in connection with bankruptcy, equity, and other court work, and to fit thom for the purposes to whioh they aro now apphed alterations havo from timo to timo boon made in thom Tho fuct, however, of the nckotty nature of tho winding staircase leading to tho upper parts of tho buildings seems to havo boon overlooked Tho nppoimost part of tho staircoso oonsists of a landing, n portion of which is protected by a handrail resting upon sup- ports, tho hundred "engages" tho wall, but has become quite lnseouro, and some timo ago ono of the uprights supporting tho handr-ul was brokon away Yesterday a Mrs M Gregor, with hor two children, both of tender ago, went to the second story for tho purposo of transicting somo business Her son William stopped on tho landing, and lean- ing against one of tho handrails it gavo vuvy, caus- ing him to fall to tho ground-iioor, a dopth of about 25ft In his descent ho struck tho balus tiading of tho first floor Tho httlo follow was picked up by one of the officers of tho court and conveyed to tho Sydney Hospital On admis- sion, tho doctor stated that tho boy was snfformg flora a Blight concussion of tho brim An exami- nation was aftern ards mode of tho staircase, and it was foimd that both tho balustrading and the hand- rails wore in a discreditable state of repair A*i engmo-drivor named George Poison, 3S years of ago, residing at Kiama, was sovoroly crushed yosterday afternoon Ho had brought a train from Kiama to Sydnoy, and, after de- taching his ongino from tho carnages, drew up at a " water-crane " for tho purposo of prooarmg water Whilo tho ongino was moving ho becamo jammod betwoon the locomotive and tho " orano " Ho was taken to the Sydnoy Hos- pital and admitted for treatmont A fEouliab case of burglary occurred m Parra- matta on Sunday night, whon a man smashed a window in tho tobacconist shop of Mr Ralph, and extracted a numbor of oigar boxes, being, of courso, under the impression that they all contained cigars They wera, howovor, simply "dummies" Tho shop is situated in Church-stroot, oloso to the iron railway bridgo, and it would appear that tho burglar waited till a goods tram was passing over tho bridgo boforo he commouood operations, no doubt thinking that tho noiso of the passing tram would doidon tho noiso ho mndo in smashing tho glass Mi Ralph, however, was aroused and at oneo ran into tho street At tho same timo a oonstablo approached from the oppo- site direction Tho burglar ovidently had his wits about him, as he at once clambered np the railway embankment and assailed his would-be captors with pieces of railway ballast, keoping them at a respootf ul distanco The constable at last went away for assistance, when the man decamped, throwing away tho empty cigar boxes An accident happened to tho hydrauho steonng gear yesterday on board tho R M S Ormu/ Jnst as tho vessol was leaving tho Onont Company's wharf tho gear was found tobo workmg badly Not a moment was lost in having tho matter attended to, but with the utmost despatoh tho de- parture of the mad stoamor was delayed for four hours Soon after I p m she was on her way down the harbour She has a fairly numerous hst of passengers, and a cargo of frozen moat, wool, and bullion The RMS Orotov a arrived from London in the forenoon, but owing to the deten- tion to the Ormuz it was decidod to borth her at tho Circular Quay this morning A man named R May, boatman, agod 72 years, was odmittod into tho Sydnoy Hospital yosterday suffering from injuries to the hip, whioh ho had reoeivod from a fall Eakly yesterday morning a bakor namod Por oival discovered that the premises of Mr James Chinnoer, hairdresser and tobacconist, Granville, had beon entered Upon tho proprietor boing awaked, ho found that tho till, which had oontamod 36s, had boon robbed, and that a quantity of tobacconist's goods had boon abstracted An outrance had boon offeotod through the window, ono of the panes of glass having been brokon and taken out A similar attempt to onter tho premises of Mr Boole, another tobacconist, had also been made A largo platoglaes pane was brokon with a stone, but tho burglars had ovidontly boen disturbed at thou- work, as they only took a silver-mounted pipe and a fW othor ortioles, of httlo valno Somo other things, of larger bulk, had boon dropped A man namod Clarence William Board, agod 31 years, residing at Audley-stoeot, Marriokvulo, oomnutted Buioido last evening shortly after 6 o'olook by shooting hunsolf through the head with a revolver Ho and his wifo, it oppoars, had beon sitting together upstairs during tho afternoon, and shortly after dusk the wife went downstairs Im- mediately afterwards tho report of a revolvor was heard in tho room, and on rushing back Mm Board found her husband laying dead on tho floor, with a revolver by his sido Only ono chamber had been loaded, and that evidently had boen recently discharged Dr Combe, of Petersham, was at once oallod in, but pronounced life extinct. An mquest will probably be held to-day Tot monthly meeting of the Australian Economio Association will bo held this evening As was recently notified by advertisement tho Primate will formally open the Labour Home, Harna streot, on Thursday aftornoon Sydney Hosrrr_t, report tor week ended August 8 -Admitted, 3r> males, 16 females total, 51 Dis- charged, 38 males, 14 females total, 52 Died, 6 males, 2 females total, 7 Remaining, 142 males, 83 females total, 225. Çswilfae» treated but not ftdautted, 738, 