A LIFE AT STAKE. Bv Mrs. HARRIET LEWIS, Avthnr cf \Ttic llavnira Ouband, or Laiy Clittvyni'i Sjicctrc,' $c. CHAPTER XXIV.— amtinutd. 'AUVUl ALIVKl AND HKEI TO HUIH MB!' After a minute's delay Therwell acceded to tin; request ; (he tiro luen quitted tbe bower, and set out for Ihe muniiier-house. Mrs. Amry ninitcreil when the sound df tlifir footsteps Imd died away : 'They'll get what they deserve some day, I don't doubt.' ' How camo you here ?' whispered Ilde, changing her position, which had become tiresome. ' 1 was looking from my window and sow Tlierwoll on the lawn in front, acting gs if. lie were wailiuj; for someone, miBS, and, thinking he mi(;ht not mean any good, I slipped downstairs and followed liim into Ihe. garden. They hod been talking half an hour when yon came. Did yon see them too, mist -?' ' No, and but for your warning I shonld have walked directly into their presence,' ehUI Ilde. ' It mis a strange providence that you should have saved mejtom such disaster.' ' I may yet nave you from a greater grief than That, Miss Dare,' responded the woman, significantly. ' Your kindness to jdk, a poor wayfarer, will yet return ' in blessings upon your own head. I cannot tell yon more now — I have not time; dut I proiihesy that you will never marry Therwell.1 ' I never will if I can help it.' ' But I can nnil will prevent it, Miss llare,' declared Mrs. Aniry, energetically. ' With one were of bij ham) I conld disjiel the clouds that now envelope yonr path way, lint I am not sure thut I couhl re store your father's peace ol mind.' ' I conld not be happy if papa were miserable, said Ilde, plaintively. ? I shonld have said that with one wave of my hand I cnnld prevent this murriage,' amended the woman. ' I thiuk I could make Therwell release your father, too; but if be has proofs of aught agaiust him I must wait and see. One week more — wait with hope nnd patience for a single week, Miss Dare.' ' You bate then seen Therwell be'ore, Mrs. Amry ?' questioned the baronet's daughter. 1 been him !' cried the woman, in a voice of passionate energy, through which ran a wailinp undertone. ' But for him, Miss Dare, J slioujd have been the proudest and happiist woman in the world to-night. He was a deadly serpent who crossed my pathway, only to Wast anil destroy my peace of mind. L vowed tliut I would have revenge. For years I have sought him, and sought in vain. 1 came hero discouraged, worn-nut, des pairing. You gure mi! food and shelter, and tu're I stimihleil upon him liy ac.idi'nt, if yon had sen! me uway,' and her voice wus full of imj/ressivwices, ' I should not lmve found him, and you would have been doomed to be a bitter, bitter, bitter life with him !' Ilde drew nearer to the woman, looking al her with a face full of passionate eager ness, as might he seen in the snhdned Etar!if;hl. It seemed to the girl as if her prayers hud been answered. She had desired to meet wilh someone to whom the l'ost life of Therwell wan fully known, and a try «f joy arose to her lips as she fell Ilint she hail found ihnt ore iu tin; woman ehe had foil and sheltered. ' You know Therwell, -lien ?' she said. '])o yon know of anything in his lite which he wnnlil shrink from exposing ? Has he ever broken any of the Uwa of the country ? Tell me, dear Mrs. Amry, that I may have some weapon with which to defend inysi-lf against him.' ' Leave all -to me, Miss Dare,' said the wumnn, urising, and sianding erect. 'I cannot lei! yon now what you ask, but rest aBsnred that yon shall never be his wife. I will defend you. She spoke with siich force of manner that tide fait compelled to have faith in lier. The woman looked at her thoughtfully, regarding her atlire, and the rippling (raves of hnir that surrounded her throal, looking now like a light and dusky mass, and said : 'I beg yonr pardon, Miss Dare, bui llio hour is very lale. You are drecsed lor riding. Surely yon are not so wild as to think of abandoning your home ?' ' Oil, no, indeed ! responded Ilde. Then, with an irresistible impulse to con fide in this singular woman, who had promised to rescue her from the impending marriage, she uddrii, in a whisper, I am going, with my lather's consent, and well at'ended, Ui search for the written compact of which Thenrell spoke !' ? You are going to his place called Oak shaw V II. le. assented. The woman reflected a moment, and then said : ' Yon are right, Miss Dare. The paper must be found and destroyed. Wilh thai out of the way, your father may lie suved. If I knew what was in that paju'r, I might be able ? Still, if the docimiriit Iib w!i«! I su^iect, it ought nut to Ire in rxiskwa. Go, Miss Drnv, mid may Henveii prosper yonr errand. Go, before, those men return this way.' There were many questions (vliich Ilde loDi»'d lo ask, but Mrs. Amry's last words divided her to ili-pari upon her errand at oure. Hesolvini; lo gain tbe confidence, of liiis woman on her return, she pressed her Iikii.I, Hii.l a few words of thanks, and tnruc-d lu go. 'Stop!' baid Mrs. Amry, as the girls stnnd iii the. urclii-d opening of the dell ? AiisK liar.', Tl,,.jw,.|| uuce /mssessed a biiiu;l squirt: mahogany Imx in which he kf|ii his private papers. It was a valuable mar, inln.ii! willi a gol.l wreath on the lop .£)i.l he prized it very highly. It had a ' ,.y ft\«v !«.il..iii, uliicii i.|viie 1 by pressing one ' of the gold leaves in the. front. If that box be at Oakshaw, it was this paper con ceoled in it. I have heard him say that it was the most secure place that could be devised for the concealment of anything of value. Look for it.' With this parting injunction she again begged the maidens to hai.ton their de partnre before the return of Therwell. They obeyed her, harrying away under the shadow of the shrubs and biiBhes to the appointed rendezvous. . It was a brief walk, made cventfii! hj 6everal alarrts, Miss Aredale fancying that Therwell was following them, or that she heard the two men's footsteps ; but Ilde enconraged and reassured her, and they at length reached their destination in safety. At the door of the stable-yard, a neatly paved ennrt, they fonnd Jarmin, the groom in whom Ilde had confided, and who was to accompany them. He was an honest-faced, gray-haired man whose dnty it had always been, since her earliest childhood, to attend upon his young mistress in her riding excursions. As Ilde had said, he was devoted of her ; but even Ilde did not know with what slave like fidelity the old groom clnng to the house and name of Dare, or witli what worshipping reverence he regarded the lovely young heireBs of its fame and for tunes. He came forward, bowing, with one haud uplifted, and said : ' 11 you please, Miss Ilde, I thought I saw a couple.of men — eon ante most like — prowliiigaromid in the gardens a little while ago, and, as the journey Mas to be secret, I made bold to take the horses ronnd to the. park, knowing that you always have the keys to the. park gates.' ' You have done well, Jarmin,' said his young mistress. ' We hare been delayed a little, bnt quick riding will make up for lost time. We will start at once' The groom obeyed, and set out wilh rapid step toward the spot where the horses were in waitinR, the two young Indies, hand in hand, followed him. It wan hut a fei» steps to Eden Park, and a brisk walk of a lew minutes brought them to the waiting steeds. Tbe horses were com pletely caparisoned for the journey, and Ildo mounted her favonrite, a fleet, grace fii'JAmhian. Miss ArFdelewasnsfiiniej upon the bark of a thoroughred animal which she always rode, and the groom vaulted npon the back of a swift-footfd horse, which was the special favourite of Sir Allyu. ' We will ride through the park, pass the luke, and go out by the lower park gate,' said Ilde, in a low lone. ' Uiile quietly until we reach the road, else we many be heard 1 ' The groom fell back behind the two yonng ladies, and the horses proceeded at a quiet pace upon the route designated. Meanwhile, the woman vthoscassuruncc had done so much to lighten the heart of Ilde stood for a few moments in tin1 littli floner-deeked nook, gazing in the. dir ct iou the young ladies had taken. ' I don't know but 1 did wrong to nd vint ner to go,' she mneed. ' Perhaps, lifter all, ihis journey is unnecessary. Tlu'iwpll will give np the paper if I were lo denimM it os the price of foregoing iny revenue. Still, to make all sure, she had better jj.-t it. She said she would ho well attended. Doubtless, she takes half a dozen s'-rniiits with her. She is safe enough, whoever may he in the house.' Despite this self-assurance, the wonninV manner was nneasy. She halt started in pursuit of Mish' Dare, and then, chiding herself for her folly, shrank hack again into the shade of the little nook. She was standing there, thoughtful and abstracted, with a strange gleam on her grim fact1, her 6ngers working nervously together, when footsteps were heard upon the gravelled walk, low and cautious tones were distinguishable, and she, was made aware of the return of the confederates. Thprwell's voice sounded as lilaml anil smooth as ever; Hoadley's was full of siippivts 'd exultation. An the voice of the former penetrated her hearing, she became at once alert and vigilant. The abstracted look gave place to an eager expression, and she leaned forward listen ing intently. But she could gather noth ing from their words, except that Thertrell had written and signed the docnmenl de manded by the innkeeper. Their Imfcitiers was evidently concluded, and there were no allusions made to lliu baronet'* daughter or to the approaching iuatriu-;o. They pushed the laburnum bower, wnlkiuj.' slowly and almost silently ; she stole out from her conceulment and crept niter tlie.ni, taking care that her loois(,-ps should u,,[ he heard, and that her movements slionl.l he screened by the IiusIick. Jn i|,is wny they passed around the mansion, null entered into the deepor eluule of the. lir.vii. More tearlitis mm; ilts. Amry avfit nearer. The cunledrrat™, to her great disappointment, merely reiterated their mutual promises, anil then kijuiuiH'i), the satisfied innkeeper depnriing Irani Kderi ville, and Tlierwell liglitini; a 'Kar, and walking slowly up mit) down the wide, avenue. Mrs. Aniry looked at him from behind a clump of shrubbery, wilh gleam ing eyes and a face lull of pusbiimaie hatred. A life- time of bitterness mid anguish compressed itself into a single burning look that might hnvo scorclit,! even his guilty soul, and she lifted her arm as if invoking rcngeance upon him. Perhaps some mysterious instinct warned him of the presence of nn enemy j perhaps that look really ponelralod lo bin soul ; or perhaps some subtle chord that had once bound him to that woman in some way, but which had been broken, began to re assert its influence, to that he felt that she was near. Whatever the cause, it wns certain that he. slopped abruptly, looked around him uneasily, and then his gaze settled upon the woiuan, who was plainly visible to him. She presented a strangn, weird picture as Khe stood there, Ihe loner hnjf of tier person in the shode of the bushes, her faco leaning nut tonurd him, with the starlight letting lull iiimi it, esBgyvuliiig its nil! passionate expression, its pallid ivhiteuess, its menaucing look, and giving even a spectral appearance to her opHftod arm. He staggered back appalled, tbe cigar droppiug from his lips, and his limbs trembling beneath his weight. As she marked t!io effect of her appearance upon him; a mocking smile flitted over the woman's stern lips. \- ) ? I thonght she was dead ! ' mutter ed Therwell, unconsciously, Mb smoothness and blandncES of manner gone, and & cold perspiration breaking ont upon bib large, round face. ' Alive 1 alive 1 and here to ruin me I Alive, and eager for revenge I ' So groaned involuntarily, bnt sustained himself by leaning against a tree. The shock of seeing ber had been so sadden and unprepared for, that he felt his pre sence of mind desert him, his courage fade away, find for a moment he was almost paralysed. But only for a moment. The woman gave utterance to a mock ing- kind of laugh, that sent the blood tingling through his veins, and which seemed to set his heart and brain on fire, aud nerved him to action. With a quick and sudden bound, like that of a beast of prey, he sprang toward her, gained her covert, and found that she was gone. She had vanished as utterly and com pletely «s if she l.ad become invisible. Wondering, and alarmed, he hurried in and ont of the trees, and traversed the lawn, searching everywhere, but in vain, for this inysterions appearance. There was a vein of superstition in his nature that made itself perceptible at that moment; with iimbs trembling, heart ?testing furiously, he hurried toward the mansion, wiping the clammy dew from his face as he mattered : ? The old superstitions are not at fault. Why does ehe appear to me ? Let ber come us often as she likes,' he added, recklessly, ' so long as she does not come in the flesh. 1 am less afraid of her ghost than of her living body.' Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang ont on the night air. With a (stifled shriek, Therwell rushed into the house, bolted the door, and crept up to his room in silence and in terror. And then the strange woman Brose from the midst of the clump of bushes, where she had fallen prostrate and remained on seen ; she then returned to the house, and her own room, murmuring : \- He has had a foretaste of misery to night. There yet remains a brimming cup which he must drain drop by drop. Yes, lldc Dare, yon shall be freed, and I shall be avenged !' CHAPTER XXV. A STAETLBD PACE IN THE DOOBWAT. 'Thinkest than there dwells no courage bat ia breasts That set their mail against the ringing speara, Wben Mulcts are struck down ? Tbou little kuowest Of natlm's marvels.' — MBS. HkMAHs. As the little party of adventurers rode quietly onward through the hush and silem:e of the night, wilb the breezes whispering solemnly from the bending trteB of the forest-like park, the stars sliinini,' tranquilly down through the over arching foliage, Ilde felt assured that the right would yet triumph over the wrong, and that her exertions on her father's behalf would be blessed by Him who notes even the faintest emotions of the human heart. With her courage quickening into new life, the blood coursing more evenly in her veins, a strange tranquility creeping over ber mind, 6he rode on, her bright eyeo uplifted, as if drinking in stiength from tbe loveliness of the night, and her soul absorbed in self- communion. Her friend, Kate Arsdale, made no at tempt to intrude npon Ilde's silence. With her hand upon the rein, and her eyes fixed 6teadily upon the path they were pursuing, she relinquished all care and thonght lo Ilde, content to follow her guidance. In this manner they ncared Eden Lake, where tir Allyn's daughter had twice encountered Lord Tressillian, and where she had learned from him the sweet old story of love. The lender influences lingering about Ihe spot made themselves felt fay Ilde even now, and she drooped her gaze and looked lovingly upon the scene, while her cheeks lnrne.il hotly, and she turned her head nuay slightly, as if fearing that her friend might rend her face by the starlight. Eden Lake had never looked lovelier in the full glow of am shine than it did now uhe.n bathed iu the liquid silvery glow of the. faint night-light, its bosom reflecting the. fringing Irees and the myriad stars, and its gay little boat house. Knte Ars ilale tune.) el it with renewed appreciation Uieri tittered a frightened exelnmation. ' What is it ?' questioned Ilde, aroused from her ploust.nl tranw. ' [ am snrn 1 nee » m.in yundrr lying on the hank,' was the auitated response. 1 Look Ilde; he laises bis head and looks at un. Who can ho be ? What can be be doing in Eden Park nt this hour V Iidc glanced in the direction indicated, and beheld the fiunre of a mini stretched in a careless attitude npon Ihe ground on the spot where, she hnd first seen Lord Tressillian. He had raised bis head, and was supporting it njiun h B hand, while he. quietly surveyed the little parly of night riders. Misi, Dare, in a flutter of anxiety, cheeked her horse fit once. Her friend did the same, and they waited nntil the old groom, who was but a few paces behind, cuiie up, and then Ibey engaged in a brief c instillation. ' It is important lhal tliis adventure should remain unknown,' declared Ilde, uneasily. ' But at the very outset we are threatened with discovery. He may have already recoguised us. What can ne ilo, Jarmiii ?' ' Let me go on ahead, Miss Dare,' re plied iliit groom, sturdily. ' In my opinion thu man's u poacher, and he won't million this meeting fur his oivn sake. II he ain't a poacber, I'll give him n blow and gtnn him like, and 1 wouldn't give ? farthing for his memory after that.' He essayed to pass his young mistress, but she detained him. She had been watching the indolent intrnder, who, at the very moment of Jarmin's threatening, appeared to start violently, And who , had now sprung np lightly, and was advancing towards the little party at a swift and easy gait. ,. . Kate Arsdale uttered a faint scream. . But Ilde, with bluehes scarcely to bo seen in (he starlight, recognised the object of her recent terror at once bb the Vis count Tressillian. * Her instinct, even more than her eye sight, assured her of his identity, and a delicions sense of embarrassment crept over her, and she pulled at her reins, uncertain whether to beat a hasty retreat or to meet him. A conviction, however, that he had already recognised her, decided ber to pursue the latter course. A word to Jarmin caused him to fall back, but he stationed hiimelf close behind her in a threatening attilnde, ready to leap from his horse at the slightest iudication that a defender was needed. Lord Tressillian came up, advanced to Ilde's side, and, with an expression of as tonishment, exclaimed : 1 Is it yon, then, Miss Dare ? I thought at first (hat I most be experiencing an optical illusion. 1 was not certain bnt that my imagination had conjured up the welcome apparition bnt the sight of Miss Arsdale and yonr attendant convinced me to the contrary. This is a strange hour fora ride.' 'It is, indeed,1 returned Ilde, endea vonring to avoid the keen, clear glance of her lover. ' It is a strange hour, also, for a stroll in a neighbour's park, is it not ? ? ' Von can imagine why I am here, Ilde,' whispered the yonng viscount, leaning his hand cpon ber horse's neck and drawing nearer to her. ' The scene hallowed by our first meeting is the dearest spot in the world to me. This is not the first time I hare hannted this place, living over again our meetings, and endeavouring to derive hope and comfort for the future from yonr remembered words. My heart was heavy to-night, and I fancied I might lighten it of its burden here, and plan ont a future in which I should be more than a match for Therwell. Bnt you, Ilde,' and his voice trembled with hopefulness, ' did you come here to dream of me ? Of conree not,' he added, his tone Binking to one of disappointment, 'or yon wonM not come attended. Tell me where you are going ? ' Ilde hepitated, and then said.confusedly : ' I cannot tell yon, Gay.' ' Not tell me V he repeated, in snrprise. Then, with a look of gentle authority that well became his dark, bright face, and with a tender persnaeiveness of manner, he added : ' But yon mnst tell me, my dar ling | Do yon think I can let you wander about at midnight, with no protector but yonr groom ?' \- Yon must trust my judgment and sense, Gay, returned the maiden, meeting his gaze frankly. ' 1 am going, with my father's approval, to seotch for something, the possession of which is necessary to his happiness and his life. I cannot now tell you more. Bnt do not detain us longer. Kvery moment spent here is a lost oppor tunity. Some day yon shall know all.' ' In yonr own good time, dear Ilde,' responded ber lover, with » look of love and faith. ' I shall not seek to intrude into yonr confidence ; nor will I delay you any longer. I will walk beside you to the lower gate, outside which I left my horse tied to the fence.' He relinquished his hold upon Ilde's horse, exchanged greetings with Miss Arsdale, uppologising for his previous in attention to her, spoke kindly to the old groom, who had recognised him with a look of delight, and who now retreated, musing upon the hopes be had once, with all the Dare retainers, entertained, that tho families of the Dares and Tressillians might be united throngh the youngest scions of the respective houses. The yonng girls and the viscount kept up a desultory conversation as they pro ceeded through the park, discussing the loveliness of the night, and various other subjects far removed from the thoughts agitating each breast. On reaching the gate, Ilde gave the key to Lord Trcesilliau who unlocked it, and the party having passed through, relocked it, and put the key into his pocket. His horse was standing whero he had left htm, tied licueittti the shade of a spreading true, and impatiently trampling the earth. The yonng nobleman went np to him, soothed* him by a word and a touch, united him, leaped upon his back, and then rode back to Ilde. 'Miss Dare,' he said, as she extended her ganntleted hand in token of farewell, 1 1 bog yon will permit me to become your escort. Yon mum he running many dangers in undertaking an adventure like, this. Yon do not know whom you may meet on the way or enconnter at your journey's cud. Tbero enn be no possible impropriety in my becoming the fourth ol yonr parly any more than if I were your brother. Shall I not go I!de V The maiden hesitated, especially as Kate Arslale looked at her beseechingly, and ?Tarmin was heard to utter his ap proval of the request. ' IE you rei'tiBe,1 continued the vi6connt quietly. ' I shall be compelled to follow yonr steps nt » little distance, and alone. I could not sleep if 1 were lo go home, aware of your expt^ure to danger, and I shall tiiher go wilh you or follow you. Which 6hall it be ? ' Ilde still remained undecided, when glancing up the road in the direction ol' Edenconrt. she beheld Uoadlcy, the inn keeper, advancing rapidly, as if desirous of making himself acquainted wilh Ihe members of the little group.' Her de cision was made at once. ' Go with us, Lord TreBsillian,' she said, quickly. ' And now we must hurry on oui nay. Ci/Uio ! ' — {To be ixmt'mved.) 