PLAYING AT GHOSTS. Some boys boarded with a teacher in Scot land, whose house was not far from a country churchyard. They determined to alarm the old gravedigger, who was in the habit of reaching hie cottage, often late at night, by a ehort cut across the burying-ground. One boy, named Warren, who wbb especially mischievous, and had often teased old Andrew, dressed himself op in a white sheet, end. with his companions, hid behind the graves. After waiting patiently, but not without some anxiety and fear, for Andrew was at last seen approaching the memorial-etone behind which Warren was ensconced. Soon a number of low moans were heard coniinp from among the graves. 'Ah, keep us a'!' exclaimed Andrew. ' What's that ?' And as he approached slowly and cautiously towards the tomb stones a white figure arose and pot taller and taller before his eyes. ' What's that ?' asked Andrew, with a voice which seemed to tremble with fear, although if any ane bad seen how he grasped his stick, he would not have been his hand tremble. ' It's the resurrection,' exclaimed tbe irreverent Bully Warren. ' The resurrection !' re plied Andrew. ' May I tak' the leeberty o' askin',' he continued, slowly approach approaching the ghoat, ' if it's the general ane, or are ye jist takin' a quiet daunder by yerael' ?' So saying, Andrew rushed at the ghost, and seizing it — while a number of smaller ghosts rose and ran in terror to the fichoolhouse — he exclaimed — ' Come awn' wi* me. I think I eurely haena buried ye deep eneuch when ye can rise eae easy. But I hae dug a fine deep gr&ve; this mornidp, and I'll pit ye in't, and cover ye up wF sae muckle yirth that, my word, ye'il no get oat for another daunder.' So saying, Andrew, by way of carrying ont his threats, dragged Master Bully Warren towards his newly-made grave. The boy's horror may be imagined, «b Andrew was too powerful to permit of his escape. He availed the old man with agonised petitions for mercy ; for he was a great coward. ' I'm not a ghost ! O Andrew, I'm Peter Warren. Andrew, don't bury me ! I'll never again annoy you. Oh — o — o — o— o !' Andrew, after he had administered what he considered due punish ment, let Warren off with the admonition — ' Never daur to speak o' guid things in yon way. Never play at ghaiste again, or leevin* folk like me may grup you, an' mak* a ghaiflt o* ye. Aff wi* ye !' A bachelor dropped in the other evening to eee a married friend whose wife was away. from home on a prolonged visit. He found him smoking desperately at a cigar nearly a foot long. ' Why,' gasped he, breathlessly, ' where on earth did you get such a preposterous cigar as that Charley ?' ' Had it built by contract,' was the re sponse. 'You see,' continued the smoker explanatorily, ' I promised my wife before she went away— bless her heart !— that I wouldn't Btnoke more than six cigars a day. Promises to a wife are sacred, you know, and I mean to beep mine if I have to get cigars as long as a lamp-post.' My wife has invented a new kind of pastry, stuffed with chestnuts and dates, and what do you suppose flhe calls it ?' 'Oh, pate de dyspepsia, probably.' ' No, almanac pie;' 