BUSH STRIKE. Toe following is tho latest official informa tion : — Banald no reportB to the Colonial S;orotary that tha frco labourers wero safely detrained and Bent on to Goroc.ni aud Rodney. Major Peterson oommnndod tho dotaohmont to Coroena and Lieutenant Tozor the dotaohmont to Bod- nsy only. One arrest was made. From Chortevilte reports ootnu thatreinforoo- men a nri nrgently reqairod for Adavale and Avsatholla. A patrol has started for Dillalih, wh> re a disturbance is expected, a a'rong body of onanists having gone thore. Olononrry reports tha tho noionists hive formed a camp about 40 strong at Manfrod Down., in addition to tha Olononrry camp. Iniorn-at'on ha, boen reoeived at Oharlo- villi that Bedowa, Bowon, and Blaokburn. three outetatlone on DUtelah run, wore burnt down on Thursday night by a mob of 40 union ists. Throe oonstables and 20 of tho Hountod Intently havo gone in pursuit of tho inocn- dUrieta. At tho intimidation trials at Blaokall, 12 of the prisoners who rcoontly pass-id through Brisbane w«r« fully identified as being in tho mobatRavsnsbourao on the 20th April, whoa Burke was molested. Mr. Ford, tho manager of Northampton, doposcd that Colo and Hasty, two of the prisoners, said, " If this oontost is not hronght to a olosa by tho 23rd, tho whole of Queens land will bo In flames from oao end to tho other." A mooting of the unionists was hold in the oamp at Bluokall on Satnrday, whon it was rumoured that all the mounted men would loavo tho camp to-day and go away via Tambo and Oirartevillo. It is also announced that 409 mounted men at tho oamp at Baroaldiao will leavo tho oamp and go Hughondon way. ' Cunn&tnnllti; reports that Thurgoolgootia pumping house, 33 miles from tho town, was visited by 14 armed men. Tboy prooosdod to Noorema, Bandoleer, Tininburra, and othor (lotions between Ounnnmulla and tho border, oiling oat all station hands and rnbliiters. Also that a number of men iu tho Wooroorooka camp are armed. A gentleman in Brisbane has received tho following letter from bis son, a young man of IS years of age, in the disturbed district : " Wo are very busy jest now repairing fences whioh wore washed down by the flood, and I fanoy wo elinll ho so for at least six innuths honoo. It was tho h' ghost flood ovor known on tho > uud in Bomu pi booh it was G miles wido. You could sco shocp floating ubout ovory wlroio. We do not yot know tho fall extent of damage done to tho shoep, bat wo aro Buro of tho fallowing ' 600 ramB, oxolnsivo of two prize Tasmaniuns 300 fall hflliod stud owes. Thore was not much cistnrhonoa oreatod by tbe unionists hero. They simply oamo and took tho men oat and went t-woy quietly ; bnt I have been down at the oat stations for the last week, and ono del.gnto oamo there and said I sbonld have to como whether I likod it or not. I had a rov< .h or with ma (it is not safe to go withoat one), and I stid, 'Take mo,1 and pulled it oat. Ho was not gamo, so ho gave soma oxoaso to get away, end oloarod, and thoy have not troubled mo linco. Iharo aro 28 of tho Darling Dow Da Infantry hore at present, and I boliov. that half aro goiDg to stay horo for awhile, and tho remainder goivg to the next station, whioh is — — ." In general orders tho oommandant states that he has muob pleasure in oommanioaong to tha Defence Foroo tho following latter addressed by his Exoellonoy tho Administrator of the Gov ernment tothohon. tho Ohiof Seorotary : 11 Gov ernment House, Brisbane, May 6, 1891. Sir,— Before vacating the ofllco of the Administrator of tho Gov.mment, on the rotnrn of his Excel lency Sir Henry W. Norman, I demro to place on record my high sense of tho sdmirub'.o manner in which tho officers and men of tho Defouae Fotce havo oarried out tho orders of the Government in tho preeont disturbed condi tion of certain portions of the colony. I have taken oareful note of the daily accounts which havo been submittod to mo regarding their movements, and cannot refrain from ox- pressing mj admiration for the soldierly qualities displayed by all ranks of the Bervioe during this trying time. Thoir ooolness, taot, forbearance, euduranco, and loyal socso of duty to thoir couutry appear to mo to be buyond ill proieo, and I shall bo muoh pleased if you will convey to both officers and men an expres sion of my high appreciation of their valuable strvicci! — I bnvo, &o.;, A. H. Palmee. Tbe hoc. the- Chief Secretary." Baiioaldinb, May 10. Six moro froo labourers arrived here by train on Saturday, and left on saddle horses for Aromao station, within an hour. Thoy ware accompanied by an osoort of flvo Mounted In fantry. On tho eamo day tho first two teams not connected with tho Carriers' Union loaded up flour at the railway goods shed for Aramao station. Tbcro was no intarferonos on the part of either oorriors or labourers, and the teams arrived at tha hult-wny oamp to-night all right. Ihey wore accompanied by a military osoort. Tho Peptoralifts' Exooulivo arrived by special train to-day, and several members of the commit k-o arrived by road. .Thoy moot to morrow, when arrangements will bo mado for importing further labourers and also teams, un burn the uniona hero agree to do tbo work. RccxHAirwotf, May 1 1. The oonspiraoy trial waa resumed this morn ing. Wm. Baoon, of Glormont, road his short hand notes of TByior'aand Btuart's spooohss at Oiormont, and at tho open air meeting on Marob 6\. Mr. Power said there was no ahanoo of the oaeo conclndioB before the end of tbo woek, consequently Mr. JusticoHurding has adjourned the civil sittings until Thursday. 