THE INCURABLE DESTITUTE POOR. TO TIIE EDITOR. Hir— Your able and interesting article on ' Our Helpless and Hopeless Poor' will, I trust, receive thab attention tho subject deserves. Your special reporter refers inci dentally to tho Home for Incurables, and as that institution is not known to the extent it deserves I crave your indulgence to enable me to place before your readers some little infor mation in respect thereof. The idea of estab lishing the Home originated about tho end of the year 1878 with a little band of noble men and women, who with most devoted energy succeeded, wich the assistance of the liberal donations and subscriptions of their fellow colonists, in bringing their work to a practical issue. The first public meeting of subscribers was held on January 30, 1879, at which meeting a committee was appointed, furthor subscriptions were collectod, rules framed, and the site of the present building purchased, about nino acres, for the sum of £1,700. Tho Homo was enlarged and put in repair at a small cost. The first inmates were admitted on October 17, 1879. Shortly after thje a portion of tho present building was erected. During the first yefttf thirty-four inmates were admitted. Up to the present time 345 have been received into the institution. There are^ now seventy -nine under the shelter of its friendly roof. Tho cost of maintenance, including all charges, is about £25 per head per annum. The generous gift by the Hon. J. H. Angas of the sum of £2,500 for building and furnishing the new wing will provide accommodation for more patients, but the trouble which now besets the committee is the finding tho funds for maintenance ; for every four additional inmates £100 per annum is required, and as it is desirable that tho new building should bo fully utilized additional subscriptions and donations to tho extent of £500 or £(500 are re quired. Our annual subscription-list is miserably small ; £32 1 11s. was the amount received last year; donations and bequests were fortunately on a more liberal scale, and the committee, with the assistance of the Government subsidy, were enabled to pay their way. The institution is in every way deserving of support. It helps those who are utterly unable to holp themselves, it is well managed, the Matron is a skilled certificated Hospital nurse, a staff of official nurses and attendants are under her control, the medical officer is in regular at tendance, the dietary scale is of the most liberal character, the establishment is well ordered and is situated in a charming and salubrious locality, and the inmates aro contented and happy as far as their affliction will permit. Tho ladies of tho committee pay frequent visits, and aro untiring in their ministrations. The place is indeed a Home. Of tho seventy-nine patients now resident in the Home only eighteen contribute anything towards their maintenance ; the others are un fortunately unable to do so. Of theso latter seven have been received from the Destitute Asylum. In considering applications for ad mission the committee do not give preference to those able to pay. All are treated alike, and admission isstrictly according tp priority of date of application. My object in writing this letter is to make known tho claims of the Home upon the charitable public, and to show that those unfortunates for whom you express so much sympathy could readily be properly provided for if only tho money were forth coming. Visitors to tho Home are cordially welcomed, and, indeed, are entreated to come that they may be satisfied of the deserving nature of the institution. I shall be glad to supply any further information with regard to the Home if requested. I am, Sir, &c; J. H. CUNNINGHAM, Secretary. ' Sea-sickness,' says a modern wit, ' is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but every one has misgivings on the subject' 