THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. By J. M. DRAMATIC AMATEURS. The amateur lias always been the butt of ridicule, and people who are dull on every other subject will brighten up wonderfully when he is discussed, aud fling stones like the rest with quite lively antics. The profes sional artist, ot course, looks down on the amateur from heights which the latter can never reach, and wonders at his audacity in trying to flutter with feeble wings a few feet above the earth on which he was born to grovel. The artist, of course, is great, god like, and worshipful, and naturally considers the intrusion of an amateur into his domain to be a crime of the deepest dye. Had the professional the making of the laws, all amateurs would be put to death to slow music, as noxious creatures who ruin art and debase the public taste, and, above all, spoil business. The professional might over look the offences against art and taste, but, as he has his daily bread to earn, he can not afford to forgive the last offence. Thus it is that we have the journalist and the scientific specialist denouncing the "leisured amateur," who is content to work for nothing, as time is for him "no object." Shylock hated Antonio for many reasons, but perhaps the strongest was his victim's predilection for amateur money-lending, as witness the words— " I hate him, for he is a Christian ; But more, for that in low simplicity. He lends out money gratis and brings down The rate of usance here with us in Venice." The amateur is generally amiahle, if dull, and were it not for his one weakness he might pass through life as happily and peacefully as other men. lie wants nothing from you but admiration, and he will give you in return of his best and rarest. His best and rarest may not be very good or very rare, j udged by theprofessional standard, but they are freely yours, and tliev surely deserve a better return than mocking laughter or words of reproach. The amateur did not become one, we may be sure, without many a hard struggle against his fate, and in judging him we should remember this and be merciful. Above all, no num knows what the dark years have in store for him, and it is quite possible that you and I, dear reader, may yet live to be amateurs. The thought is very terrible and harrowing, but it should ever be present to humble us, and to make us walk softly all the days of our life. Yes, we may each of us, when the bitter fulness of time comes, be an amateur poet, or painter, or litterateur. Nay, it is even possible that we may for our sins become " stage-struck," and find no rest till we tread the footlights—a spectacle for gods and men. AVhen a man reaches this point he has touched bottom, aud cau defy Fate for the future, for she has done her worst. For much slighter cause did the poet moan— " Still grew iny bosom then, Still as the stagnant fen ; Hateful to me were men, The sunlight hatefuL" The amateur theatrical is venerable to me, as one who has suffered much ; even as the ancients revered the man who was struck by the lightning of Jove. It is fitting that he should become typical of the whole race of unfor tunates to which he belongs, and that when we say " amateur" we generally mean that " theatrical" should be understood. He it is who has suffered most from the gibes and the scorn of the hollow world, and reaps in return for his humble efforts to please the bitterest harvest of neglect and ingratitude. Yet to uncritical minas like mine he gives pleasure of a lowly kind, and he affords to many who shudder at the theatre an opportunity of getting a sort of far-off glance at the unclean thing," which is very precious. I am not ashamed to confess, therefore, that in the company of godly and devout persons I have sate out five-act tragedies till past midnight, without feeling unduly depressed. On such occasions it has been my lot to meet with a Hamlet who tripped over his sword in the scene with a ghost that had a bad cough, and who accidentally fell into Ophelia's grave whilst moralising over the skull of "poor Yorick." I have seen a red-haired Romeo, who squinted, making love to a Juliet of 30. weighing 12 stone at least. To me have been vouchsafed a stammering Othello and an Iago who lisped and had a glass eye. All these experiences have been mine, and yet I have not been unhappy— have never ceased to feel that life was worth living, and that the amateur theatrical de served my tenderest pity. Truly the un critical mind, content with lowly pleasures, has its privileges. To-night, for instance, I take my seat with a feeling of quite agreeable expectancy in this draughty suburban skating-rink to see a performance given "under distinguished patronage," by the dramatic club knowu as " The Adelphians." The audience was numerous, and a great ]>ortion of it enjoyed the right of entry behind the scenes, of which it made free use throughout the evening. Besides being numerous it was un critical, and although one or two cruel wretches laughed in the wrong place and cave ironical applause throughout the even* ing, it was on the whole friendly. Skating rinks do not as a rule lend themselves readily to adaptation for theatrical pur poses, and it would be easy to be critical as to the result in this case. Light also would be the task to raise a laugh over the advertising curtain, and the funny rustic scenery, and the "amateur dramatic or chestra," which gave us the overture "Ocean Pearls," and the waltz "Swallows," and the polka "Wide-awake." The wonder was, considering the means at the disposal of the club, that the skating-rink had been so effectually disguised, and that the general effect was so imposing. The orchestra was certainly imposing, both as to numbers and sound, and it was led by a conductor whose whole soul was in his work. He was a fair haired young man, of small stature, but, as usual when mind triumphs ovei matter, he seemed to tower over everybody around him, and we could hear his voice when the gas was turned down hissing out in hoarse whispers, " One, two, three; one, and two, and three." Theatrical amateurs find great comfort and support in pizzicato accompaniments, and they make a perhaps too lavish use of what is generally termed "slow music." The ex pression of intense emotion which a trained Erofessional gives by voice inflexions, or ino ility of feature, or artful by-play, is above the amateur, and lie wisely leaves it to the orchestra. The Adelphians were even fonder of slow music than most other amateurs, and their predilection became the fair-haired young man's opportunity. It might almost be said that he never ceased to conduct from the rise of the curtain to its final fall. His baton waved in triumph while the gas was on, and when the lights were low his arms could be seen waving through the gloom like those of a strong swimmer fighting for his life. I had seen Brougliton's comedietta, " Written in Sand," some years before, with, I think, Mrs. Lingard as Kate Shirley, and Mr. Titheradge as the loveable ne'er do well, Tom Potts, and it is needless to say that the Adelphians who assayed these characters on the present occasion suffered very much by comparisons which would insist on being made. Amateurs cannot be induced, I know, to confine themselves to plays which have never been acted before, for it is part of their unhappy doom to be ever thrusting them selves into contrast with professionals who have made certain rCX.es and characters their own. It was not, perhaps, therefore, a cause for wonder that Frank Seaton, the artist lover, appeared to lie perpetually ashamed that he had been born, and to be quite unable to believe that his art or his love were other than mere shams. The part of Kate Shirley is not one that de mands much from a trained actress, but it was too much for the young lady who con s nentiously repeated her lines as if she were reading from a book. The wronged Sister Winifred has not much more to do than carry a little basket containing medical comforts for the village poor, and the buxom maiden to whom the part was allotted would doubtless have been quite effective, if Nature had not made her outwardly so plump and jolly. Tom Potts found a moderately successful exponent in a young man who in the after-piece scored the success of the evening. The villain, Fairfax Kendall, who has wronged and for saken Sister Winifred, and is the artist's rival for the hand of the fair and sprightly Kate, was played by a young man with a sepulchral voice and a haughty and truculent manner that were very im posing. His villainy, like the villainy of all amateurs, was apparent from liis first heavy stride upon the stage to his final baffled exit, when, thumping his stick, he says, " I was ever accustomed to obey you, Kate. Good bye." This ingenuousness of the amateur is a very charming quality, and saves the audience much trouble and perplexity. The crafty professional may disguise his villainy for a time, and betray the trusting people before the curtain into false pity and mis placed admiration. But no matter what the exigencies of the piece may require, or what the intentions of its author may have bpen, the amateur is too loyal to himself and to his audience to disguise himself for one moment. Cast as a villain, he obtrudes it honestly, brazens it forth with what lung-power Nature has endowed him with. As a good character he enables you to feel that he can not err, that temptations cannot shake him, and that he fairly revels in being virtuous and persecuted. So represented, Fairfax Kendall was a villain doomed for ever to speak in a sepulchral monotone, and to thump his stick, and to look truculent and haughty. The conception was consistent, and, as I remarked, saved the audience much trouble, but it was monotonous, and stagy, and unnatural. The villainy was too ob trusive, and was calculated to make the thoughtful doubt the sanity of Sister Wini I fred or any other woman who could love such unloveliness. During the interval many of the audience found it necessary to go behind the scenes, and the energetic conductor again became " a leading feature " in front of the curtain. A two-act drama entitled " Old Phil's Birth day " is the next piece, the hero of which is an ancient servitor of the Caleb Balderstone type. This play has not been seen before, and therefore the comparisons that were so painfully obtrusive in the opening piece are absent. And the result is the lowly pleasure I have spoken about. True, the leading motive is one which to the present age is quite inexplicable—namely, the devotion of an old servant to the mercantile house he has served so long—a devotion which prompts him to take upon himself the consequences of a crime of which he is innocent—to spare the lionour of a beloved master. The senti ments are old-fashioned, but they are honest, and healthy, and manly. Old Phil, the hefo, is painfully virtuous and devoted, and his assumptiouofguiltisatransparentfarce which deceives nobody. He would be an impossi bility now-a-days, but he makes one sigh for the days when such as he walked the earth and blessed it. The other characters call for no special mention. The actors never forgot themselves for one moment, and gave one in the serious passages the im pression that they were reading from a book. They had not learned to sit properly, or walk across the room with ease, or dispose of their legs and aims in natural attitudes. Coquelin tells US in a charming essay that Lesueur, a contemporary actor, was wont to shut himself up for hours in a room with all his paraphernalia of wigs and combs and paint-pots. There, before the glass, we are told, he would make up 20 times, he would make up 100 times, before he would succeed' in producing the ideal which he felt to be the true one, and of which he could say, 'Yes, that is he.' And when he hadput the finishing touch to the likeness, he would work for hours at one wrinkle. It would be. unreasonable to expeot an wnatem to "work for hours at one wrinkle, butaUttia of the trouble Lesueur devoted to hip art would have prevented Mr. Haiuress, Jae merchant < prince, from appearing the.stage in tlie garb and style <>i an under taker. When Mrs. Siddons played J.ail.v Macbeth, it lias been told us of an eye- witness, that in the murder scene " his tongue clove to the roof of his mouth, in spite of the evidence of his eyes that the assassination was a piece of mechanical trickery, in which the paint-pot played a conspicuous part. If a detective had made his appearance at the moment, lie declared that he would have immediately given himself up as partiecp,< erimiiiix, aeees sory before and after the event." Hut then the artist herself tells us that when studying tlie part at night in the silence of her own chamber, when she came to that very scene "the horror of it rose to a degree that made it impossible for me to jjet further. 1 snatched up my candle and hurried out of the room in a paroxysm of terror." Happily perhaps for bis audience, the amateur is seized with 110 such emotions when studying bis part, and produces no such effects when acting it. Peace be with him. He gives to the un critical and the humble- minded the lowly joys of his artless art. He is vain, ami scorns to rise through the drudgery of super, walking gentleman, and general utility up to the dizzy height of "heavy lead" 01 "star." It is his sad fate to go through life feeling that lie was born to play Hamlet or Mac betli, and that it is only professional jealousy that keeps him down and prevents him from getting a "show." The triumph even of the professional whom he envies is short lived. " He who to-night is seated on a throne, Calls subjects, empire, kingdoms all his own, Who weais the diadem and regal robe. Next morning shall awake as poor as Job." Then hard would he the heart who would grudge the amateur his brief hour of triumph in suburban skating-rink or mechanics' in stitute. Such is not the heart of the writer, who parts from the Adelpliians with feelings I of the kindliest, and looks forward with I pleasure to another interview with the j funereal Mr. Haidress and Fairfax liendall \ the villainous. ! 