TEMIPERANCE E\TER; TA.I_ IMENT. An entertainment was given in the Temperance ll:ll on Friday ;vening under the auspices of the local Temper ance Society. There was a very good attendance, the hall being nicely filled. Mr. J. Leith occupied the chair, and after the usual opening services, and a selection by the choir entitled ",Men for the Times," gave a somewhat lengthy address. After expressing his pleasure at being present at the first meeting of the series, he stated he would much rather that some more important person had filled the chair. However, having a desire to help, he had accepted the position. It might be asked why the chairman was a total abstainer, and he could give good and sound reasons. 1st. He had not always been a total abstainer, and he was therefore able to speak from both sides of the question. lie considered it altogether unnecessary for any one to use intoxicating drink as a beverage, and it should be used very carefully even as a medicine. When he took drink it was not for the love of it, but he got drawn into company; he found, however, that instead of it being a help to him, as many supposed, it was a drawback. It was not only unnecessary, but dangerous, and lie impressed upon young men the necessity of being careful not to touch it. They had met there that night to advance the cause of temperance, and he trusted the meeting would he a successful one. Master E. Bawden recited " The L)ying Child," but owing to lapse of memory, the recitation was not a success. The Rev. J. G. Wilson, being called upon, said lie was very pleased to see such a good gathering, and it promised well for the series of meetings of which that was the first. He congratulated the ladies on their being so many pre sent, and hoped at future meetings to see more of the sterner sex. It was difficult, he found, at such meetings to fix a line of thought, but would take as his theme "Social Customs set in the light of common sense." They did not like to be unfair in what was said at these meetings, although some persons considered they spoke too strongly. After alluding to the fact that most people were endowed with some degree of conmmon sense, the speaker went on to say that there had been great im provement in the social customs during the last few years. At one period it was a common thing when a minister was inducted that there should be something stronger than tea as a beverage, and it was very common to be asked to drink when paying a pastoral visit. There was no question, however, that despite the great im provement which had taken place there was still a large consumption of liquor among Anglo-Saxons. Mr. Wilson pictured a visit from Mars, and what he would think where he to see the drinking customs indulged in by persons when they met a friend, at a christening, a wedding, or when death entered the household, and said that to the outsider it looked absurd. Be believed that behind it all was the mixing up of friendship and good fellowship. If this were all, it might be looked upon as a foolish pastime, but it must be looked at in another way. Ilow did it work, he asked, and what were some of its effects A gradual liking for the stuff was developed, and people took it outside business and social friendship. Were it harmless it might only be considered an expensive habit, but it was not so, and yielding to this social habit often ruined a man body and soul. He could not say a word in favor of these social customs, and lie urged those pre sent to look at the question in the clear light of common sense. The chairman said the programme was subject to amendment, and although it was unusual for a chairman to have to sing, lie would do his best, as others had disappointed. He trusted the comnmitteewould havesomegoodsolo singing at their meetings in future, as nothing would tend more to their success. Hle then sang the " Men of Blarlech," and received an encore, to which lie replied by rendering the song, T'Tom Bowling." Mr. Merchant recited " Mary's Ghost," but the effort was nota success ful one. After a selection by the choir, "Drink from the Well," a dialogue, entitled "' 'ha Wife's Mistake," was gone through, the parts being well sustained. The piece afforded con siderable amusement. The chairman, Mr. Leith, then gave a second address, which would have been better omitted, as the hour was getting latei and people fidgety. A selection by the choir closed the proceedings. 