" THE JILT " AT THE CRITERION. I 6 The Jill is one of the multitude of comedies and dramas, adapter and original, with which the late Dion Boucicault largely helped in his day to mould the fashion of the modern stage Nearly six years ago a Sydney audience had an opportunity of seeing it performed with the author in the part of Myles O'Hara, on the occasion of his visit to the colonies and since then the generation of playgoers has changed sufficiently to make its presentation at the Criterion on Saturday night something of a novelty The house was perhaps inconveniently crowded , the audience, us M usual at this theatre on the first night of a new piece, was eager and expectant, and the play itself has sufficient of a sporting character about it to command a favourable reception with a Sydney audience under any circumstances. With the record of the Brough Boucicault Company for the artistic production of sterling comedy at this theatre added, there was hardly anything left to be desired. The play itself belongs, in some respects, to the old school of this class of drama enough to suggest that change of fashion in play goers' tastes and play writers' methods that prompted the Boucicaultian apophthegm with its tinge of bitterness about the public being " a monster that forgets " But that is a feature which is more apparent in the past interest of the dialogue than in the incidents of the plot, and for the rest, "The Jilt" is a play of easily intelligible construction, healthy in tone and light in touch, excellent!) played by the present company, and cordially received by the evidently well- satisfied audience that filled the theatre on Saturday evening. The Interest of this sporting comedy turns on the action of a horse and a lady The first scene, which is laid at the country house of Sir Budleigh Woodstock, introduces us to his sister, Kitty Woodstock, and a would-be author, Lord Marcus Wylto The inevitable Boucicaultian Irishman arrives on the scene in the person of Mr. Myles O'Hara, a " gentleman sport " who rides his own horse and is well known in sporting circles as one of the Flashing pens of a prominent sport- ing newspaper He is chiefly remarkable at this stage in his Irish horse Ballinahinch, and for a piece of testamentary advice his father gave him just before his departure " Never put your money on a mare "I he is calling on Lord Marcus in the capacity of co-executor the will of a mutual f friend, who is anxious that a packet of letters conveyed by O'Hara to Lord Marcus should be delivered by him to the lot or of a woman who had jilted him Lord Marcus is also devised a half-share in Ballinahinch Sir Budleigh Woodstock, whose arrival with hlsnowly. wedded wife has been momentarily expected since the season opened, enters presently with Lady Woodstock, who is known to Lord Marcus as the writer of the letters just delivered to him. In an interesting scene between those two when they are left alone, Lord Marcus twits the quondam Millie Dashwood with her matrimonial prize, and who responds T>y paradoxically assuring him that she has fallen in love with her husband. Her flirting proclivities have been exchanged for a romantic and sincere affection, as a sign of which she destroyed the marriage settlements in her favour shortly after receiving them. Then Lord Marcus talks about the letters, and Lady Woodstock understand that the past she looked upon as dead Is giving up the ghost to haunt her. She explains that the letters in question were written by her to a discarded lover while she was receiving the attentions of Budleigh Woodstock, and after she had consented to marry but before she had learnt to love him. The production of those letters now would strip away the sentiment with which her young husband had clothed her, and show her concealed past life to him as it really was. Lord Marcus promises to hand Lady Woodstock the letters if she will assist his suit with Kitty, but in the fulness of her knowledge of his character as a robe and a penniless fifth son, who rejects the compact Lord Marcus threatens to place the letters in the hands of Sir Budleigh or his uncle, and from those incidents the subsequent action of the piece takes its colouring:. In another scene iieotT Tudor who has been brought up with Kitty, is beset by a firm of turf agents and money- lenders with whom he has became involved. They operate under the firm of Daisy and Co., Lord Marcus veiling a share in the business under the latter half of that designation. Jimmy Daisy, the active partner, personally duns Gooff Tudor at Budleigh for his £300. threatens to interview his father Colonel Tudor, if the money is not paid As an alternative he proposes to Geoff to " hours " Ballinahinch, so that he may make a safe book on an approaching event for which the horse has been entered The young fellow is pleasantly proposing to kick Jimmy Daisy off the premises when Lord Marcus appears and undertakes to deal with the scamp. Left alone, as they suppose, Lord Marcus throws off his mask and explains his plans to his confederate how he proposes to win Kitty with Lady Woodstock's assistance by means of the letters, and with his wife's fortune remove the losses of the firm. Kitty overhears all this from on adjoining room and presently explains to Myles O'Hara how the plot starts She, in turn, is overheard by Lady Woodstock, who admits the true state of affairs, and Myles and Kitty promise to protect her and the honour of the family. In the next scene we find Lord Marcus foiled by Mrs. Weller, who has charge of the stables, in an attempt to get into Balltnahinch's stable, Kitty and O'Hara encounter him in Mr. Weller's cottage and tell him what they have discovered, he sees that his plans with regard to Kitty are defeated, and consents to give up the letters to Myles in exchange for his half share in Ballinahinch. The next scene shows the interior of a marquee overlooking the racecourse. The crowd is indignant with O'Hara for having sold the race, as they suppose, because he is not allowed to nJo Billina lunch by the new owner. Lady Woodstock buys the horse and commissions O'Hara to ride for her, and at the last moment the race is SEnsationally won by another horse, ridden by Phyllis Welter. On the courtship of Phyllis audacity, and of Myles and Kitty, as on the unmasking of Lord Marcus by O'Hara, it is not necessary to dwell here Lady YVoodstook gets her letters, which she hands to her husband with a conten- idea He refuses to read them, confidence is restored, and all ends happily. The company is fresh from a successful revival of I he Jilt' in Melbourne, so that it goes without saying that all concerned play their parts with facility and smoothness. Miss Enson as Lady Woodstock, the jilt, has one of those parts that her peculiar talents so wal! fit her to play. She is the keen-witted woman of the world under the influence of the grande partner of her life, struggling between her love for her husband and her dread of exposure of her past life, tempted for the moment to save herself by the sacrifice of Kitty, but rejecting the temptation as soon as it takes units under the influence of the old natural emotion that her new love has awakened within her. Miss Enson expresses all this without effort, and jet with much skill and finish in her playing specially evidenced in her scene with Lord Marcus in the last act, and with Kitty and O'Hara in the second. As Kitty Woodstock' Mrs. Brough fully sustained the good opinion formed of her playing in this part during the Melbourne season. she presents an acceptable type of the fresh young English girl, ingenuous and impulsive, and rich in ready sympathy and warmth of heart Some pleasant passages with Geoff were quite eclipsed by her archness and piquancy in the love-making scenes" with the timorous M j les, and Mrs. Brough evoked some very genuine laughter by her happy expression of whimsical pique at the trouble that hesitating I others experienced in coming; to the point There were vivacity and sparkle in her playing in the scene with Lord Marcus where she helps O' tiara to heckle that misguided nobleman in Mrs. Weller's cottage, and the character throughout in Mrs. Brough's hands was evenly and happily portrayed. Mr. Titheradge, as Myles O'Hara, supplies much of the humour and good nature of the plot, and he plays the part as one who likes it. This player is always at home as the good genius of a story, and in the present case he has nothing to do but what is agreeable and good natured. His chivalrous advocacy of Kitty's cause against Lord Marcus involves him in a serious breach of his ancestors advice, but as it wins him such a placent uxor that can hardly be said to matter much. Three well-defined character parts and the black-leg Jimmy Daly, the curator Mr. Spooner, and Mrs. Welter. They were rendered by Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Owen-Ham», and Miss Romer with marked success. Mrs. to alter is the wife of a "1 Yorkshire (trainer, and her honesty and fidelity to her employer's family, as well as the peculiar 'Yorkshire dialect with its broad vowels and curious eclipses, were given with faithful accuracy. The scene in which Phyllis and Geoff work on her fancy by the description of an imaginary race was excellently managed, taking the house by storm Miss Romer has done so much good work of this class that a detailed description of the merits of her characterisation here is hardly desirable, but it is scrupulously conscientious and just. Mr. Lawrence's Jimmy Daisy is a " species " of the type known as " leary. " He is the gentleman who makes rapid exits from racecourses, drugs horses, and " hobbles " jockeys-who could afford to run horses for the love of the thing, he says, if he had £30,000 a year. Mr. Owen Harris, as the curate, was reminiscent of the " Private Secretary " in a measure, but the character seems to require that. He is not above putting a little pot on Ballinahinch, and he is as keen about soliciting a tip from O' Ham as the butler of the housekeeper. Mr. Boucicault had a congenial part as Geoff Tudor; he was, as usual, careful, vivacious, and acceptable in the character. As charming a rule as any was that of Miss Pattie Browne, who appeared as Phyllis Welter-a slangy little lady who can ride like a Centaur, but who is as refreshingly innocent and unconventional as the rustic child she is Mr. Cates is quiet and effective as Lord Marcus, Mr. Lyndal as cheerful as usual in his flight part of Sir Budleigh, but Mr. Trent Adams is hardly so well suited as the Colonel. The subordinate parts were carefully rendered, and the scenery by Mr. Spong was adequately simple, and especially effective in the fourth act, with Its cleverly arranged view of the racecourse " The Jilt " was well received on Saturday, and will be continued until further notice. 