THE BRETON MILLS. CHIIARLES J. 1ELLtLAMY. ludicrous necesities T Tomorrow will do. "Certainly, I only wish" you had let me thep you get read3 But her light laugb :ouli iiot deceio Philip agmin, but it wal tLc late now to guard against her. "I will run right home and get the things you spoke of ready for to- morrow." SYes, and there were some other tlhings she had not spoken of, Jane Ellingsworth would have ready for to-morrow, too. S CH LPTER XXXIII. ...:: . :..:TIiE LAST STRAW. '"You amo too late, my friend." Philip had been sitting in his study in the darkness which -was not more black than his life. But he aioseito give his cold hand to 3:r. Phil brick, who hlad come at last. SlW\hy too late? This is only Wednesday. Have yon :changed your mind? I did not suppose there was so much hurry, and I wanlted to have everything ready. " "It is too late," answered Philip gloomily. What use to tell the old gentleman that PhilipBieton's wife was a criminal before the law, that the transfer of the mill property was only a part of his scheme to save her from an infamous penalty, that their deadli est enemy knew all their plans now, and no doubt her sleepless eyes watched their every movement, lest they should escape her hate. The servant came to the doorl "I suppose von will have lights, sir. Some men from she mill folks want to see you." "Oh, yes; show them in," he said care There .ere not chairs enough for the four workmenl who came stumbling ill like pall bearers at a country funeral, but Philip did not seemi to look at them. One took his place by the window, and soiled the curtain with his hands; another, apparently the spokesman, dlidlalned to lean against any thing, but stootd stock still in the centre of the room, bent forward a little in an attitude borrowed froml the prize ring. His feet were planted well apart, and his arms bowed out at the elbows. ,I suppose voa have some complaints to make," said the young mill owner with a gentleness of tone that was quite mi?.nder stood by the delegation, who immediately tried to look very fierce. "Ye're right, sir," answered the man in the center of the room. "Ye know yerself, ye aint doin' the right thing by us." Philip did not speak for a moment, and IMr. Philbrick would have thought he. had not heard the fellow, only for a little twitch ing at the corners of his mouth. Apparently the youmg man was deeply hurt by his fal-. uor to satisfy his men. "I have done the best I mnew." "al, we kin tell ye, if ye don't know no better,( [resluned the worlann insolently. Philip's eyes flashed at him, then dropped to the carpet again. "Pay us more wages for one thing, shorten up our hours for an "You fare better than other.. I divide the profits with yeou. You thought I was very good with you once." The youlg loan's tone was not arrntunenltative, it was too hopeless for tlit.' . "Y'er don't divvy even; our shareolon't. 'mount to much," put in the man who was soiling the window curtain. "I mna sorry for yoiu, but you can't expect Ine to maike you all rich." There was such 'a :lulaess of reproach in 'lhilip's voice that s mist gathered before Philbrink's kind eyes. But the :workmen got the idet they wsvere frightening the young master. .. - "I have gone as far as I can see ay way Doll tyou think you ha better be patient oith mcur "Be you galn' to raise dur payin Philip slmoi his head thoughtfully.. . "I cannot und staan d it is my duty or myn right." Are you goin' to shorten up our hoturs? asked tli mini at the window. . - "I cannot" The chief spokesman, turned to his cOle ri?niiols. "Tier ain't no use. Wal 'squire, to-lmorrow "ou may wish you had. Coise along, boys." Phil Ip had dropped back heavily into his t:hair. It seemed to have forgotten thoepres 2r1c of Mr-. Philbriek, until that gentleman began to explain his moro perfect system. -'lto- can you pFpect yolr help to be satis lied," Philbrick was syai:g; "even if they were well paid it wouldt be suml pbjeet for. them to be shutp sali their lives, asil tllh ey :;'ere convicts. tiut you don't 1pay. thelm; either. It lalsn' becauso the busilles don't pay, for your father's Urolits iand youlrs wcpr tllllilOus. It is all the cstuit of a falsa v1aln1 tion ofs the worth or service'. INow I shall. seck to remove the' buirdens that crush thi people and restrict there latural, develop 'lhilipsaidnotblig, How'wellhis oldfriend 'had: kept his enthusiasm through all the: yeiars of his life I Well, it would do no harmu to let hin talk on., "You will ask me for udetails." "Mr. Phil brick took his seat again and drew up to hint a sheet of paper and a pencil. "You .will Iask what burdens they are that aire ou the mnil lion, besides the common nlcecSlOy Ihurdlens of h:uman nature. Iwilltollyoil phprincipal urdeln, is the intolerable tribute to no ciuullateld capital Jlal upon thoe wvorkitlu classes, which makes a tyrant of thOlmnltl wiho has saved a surplus out. of his wages, andi -asusies the hopeless vis inerti:u of spoverty.. Like all forms of slavery its enects are great ,apparent luxury, which never penetrates' tbelow the vpCy surface of society, and tir?. ttss industry whic earns notmung for the workers but food barely elughli to support' his day's work. It is benelit eilugll fprm' tihe ainn who has saved money tillt lie can wprk to better advantage; it is a leverin bishishlnds: - if we permit calpital to take suel pFi?rl : t: profits as it does, every day 'list year it iii. creases, as wealth increases, the crushing tax onl hlbor. I i101 pay youll butt 3 per enl: on11 the money I shanl Owe yoe! ot1 necoUnt of theo millproperty. The rest of tip ilonm otf tie business above two per cent1, ehloua to the laborer." o011 his fare nit hour ago lail not clhallgs 1, "I nm lot ?u1'0 but that Is too inuell:' Ipar' sued Mr Philbrick, "but it will owly Ie i little while before I shall Imp' 1 lo li-1bt,"" Thre was11 no u0 in stopllilng tlmn anihllt, nstic oldigentlemi:, whose great hlu·t wa1s i" fountitain of human li ,lll , It 10111would e timel enough for Philip to tell himi thla hie had cangced his i, an.5 later. "'Bat I shaliu also shotecn tho110111S of work;l Six hours of confinelllllent ill thie ills is enough, and withouo leiu'e sll the nlvanit :ugeis I can give cily uoitpeollewiltbeof little avail. O lot dillerent set of hands relieve eash other if it i-lt,In IC1i--aryi', Or baihl liewr mills emid tScl inr h lles'esial ctaYp holnds to share the blc-irliis of jius'tio:e" IMr. Philbr~icek Icaned back in ris elhir and a great light of lenevlolenco shlone ill his face. It wos a pit)" to dill-llloitii hiiim. "This is In otpo'rluitv 1 e holpedl for a wholo lifetilel. 2hahimiut tiap? ? | ld~l that Inbor ought Ilt acd net" cupt b- u'fet,?.?, anll famished. It is mor1 0 [induces than I,'ilfid ersllt fll~st delays gr-ent r'eforeis?. If I can once show the wOrltl wlhit juslti? is and how it works It will o4 .lp leg" bhe "BIt, my dear friend,"snidt Philip, drop ping his eyes to iti, floor', "did t not ltell youl It wlastoo In lalo Inin nllt gtlil- to sell. Tit -,ill 1h vel osel ecto-ln ot111l5 I ,bl 'le OIif ll Your UIIncsaiaims of'if 1 -lllislwe.w, he Iholgi- dged the lsrt of the world tim 'n?p?'icos he lad missed. Then c1nlo a Illllnlent of illiie Is il0,iice which was broken i t I st, llot by IS -ri'e, t?et by the len1 rilngillg of a utli" loll. It ralg so violenltly lhe grlet, silenlt ihosie ccshoer[ nain. IIul the endl co0l1 thenl ]'lhilip leaped to liis feet. Wild thoughis of dl.per at ecxpedlienls ruslhedl tillraouglh his fevreish brain, hut lhe vet stood like a statue \vlhen thie study dloolr opelu.nd I- hinld hil. lie tore pell a tl]egralne and reaid alould: 'Steauell Nall\ator delayed till to-lllorrowl Inorlning at :." For i Illollentlt hlie did ot take in its mean icg. Thtn he eanght 1'hillb'ick's arm so tighilly the oll ientlellitn 0lhmost CIIeid ot. "po yOUl wnil? thle InilL. as you Shil You, were oit jokilg, 1hl, y'ou wero not jolkingl" Philbrick gaze-| at hlin in astonlishmntt. Philip se-"oed in such a tserrihblp stat of ex citemlenti His ylaHor was replaced by a bucuing Qash, his eyes t(1t416h4 Ieeth to dull shone with -unnatural brightness. "Your plans will succeed better than mine and you can't find such a. ood place as this. You will taki my mills.' "Of covers I will, but I thought you said"-? "Never mind," cried the young man, "nlever mind what I said. Draw the l?pel?t at once. IBut no, I cannot wait." I'lilip turned on his heel as if no earthly power could detain hint a moment longer. "But the papers are all ready." And Mr. Philbrick took a lundle of documents froma his breast pocket, and laid them on the table. "W'lere slhall I sign theen--quick?" de. mandedl hl'lilip. "No, no, o, not that is my note to youe; sign here, and here, and here." 'I can hardclyee: everything dances before my eyes Is it all lsone now:" lieo hardly waited to take tho papers Mr. lPhilbhrick had signedl for him. Then, with out another word, Ih rushed from the roonl and bounded up the stairs. Freedoml safety! oh, thank God, thank God!l ie could save her yet. A castle on the IRhine, a palace in Venice; he would find the rarest homes for her. How swe2t it would be to hide with her. The awful sense of hourly peril would lift from his soul. He pushed open the door of the white chamber. Bertha had been sleelpinr. The tear marks were on her cheeks that iad lost their beautiful flush. She was so disap pointed, poor girl; and yet she never guessed "Wake up, wake up, my darling.:' he started from the bed and fell to weeping on his shuhlder. f"1 , 'ted they were taking me away from y..., Phlilip." But he dried her tears with merry kisses. : : "Wo are in time yet. The steamer don't go till s to-night." U ?.WELCOMI VISITOs S. . "' The watchnmn at the nills was not a little surprised, as lhe went his flrst round that night, to see a man's figure leaning against a pillar in one of the weave room s. Thofellow did not appear to mean any harm; lie was not breaking anything or stealing ainy cloth, but how colld he have found his way insilde The watchman felt a little uneasy in spite of hinmself; it was such a thing as had neerl ha prened before. eill What businesm ilce you got there' ' nut the interloper did not appear to !ce.l him. How oddly he looked at the looms, n:' if they were living things that he loved. I!e had not spoken, an. Iis lihat shlndel his eyes. hbt the explression of tile attitude sas,so plain that even so rude a man as the watch man could read the tender reminiscence in his heart. Perhaps the fellow might.be crazybut this was no place for hind. 01h! I dldn t know you, Mr. Breton. It's a nice evenin' sir." . But the mill owner did not even answer him, and moved away toward the ,endlov as if imlpatient at being interrupted. The moon was ;till. ndl the sky was' clear, only for a for silver edged clouds.' One, lhe fancied a shi ?ailing over the sea, but.how slowly it lPektdl: could'it go no faster! Alh! sliddenly i iarteel ilto righiht fnigments,- anl the windi sceattereid ?h?em llitiitssly. le iohl:eel across at tile other mills; tile moonlighl kissedl their grim warls fondly, and spark!ed ill their winldow.us like a hundred brillian: lallps. Why, here were his fire escapes, clost to the win~dow coping--his first- business rentlnre. Philip raised the window and steppcd outside. It must he nearly time for Bertha to come wi.l thte ,m rriage, as lie had arranged, to avoid possible susplicion. No, there was hall na hour yet.. But Philip closed the window behind hiiu alii wenet dlei the silent stairs. He weent int.o his flicel. H e would wait there for the carriage, it would not be very long, and then tbere was one last duty' he must attend to before it ?en.e. He struck a mt:Ich.naid the. gas shot up so. brightly it dazzla his eyes Hlie turnel awa- for an In ti tt.. . Ati,,s.ios for,,, stooi in the doorway. Philip in.l t have left the counting, room un lockedl when lie had come ini Sonie :one had follows'sl Ie,, "apparently. But :the yomug mll owner took only5 onestelptoward' the in truder It wics no strunger that 'crossed his tlhre?old, but i iaiir whos-ie namie was buhnedl into his hleart..: KIt as thlie rightful husuband of Philip Breton's .wife-Curran. 'HIis air had grown long and alnost straight about lhis neck. 'His cheeks werd chin andl ligg-rd, and the forni that hiad, been like a proud oak was bowed as if it had been weighed down by a burden, too heavy even for a giant to liar. lhlilipstopped shortand lool?hd at thie man with ,piicechles terror. lie had supl?osesl hinm uhndredls of miles away. Coull itbe -sihile tlhl d.cutragei hIaludal had' ivel l left ehe village since.their last meetlifg?' Perhapsl his ilashing eyes had wastched Philip wooing' his .wife a second thi e,' nd lbegridgedl dlr his fow Icold kisses. t'erhal-s he I'nl pleelred in through tihe rin dlo,; of P'iilil's home; haild hie nota right to' look at his wife, andi followeil them, forth on every walk and drive, waiting- to strike till the olow should fall mlost deadly. He hadil ihosen his tinie yell.' ]'oorTiertha, with her dreams of Comno alid' Chaniouni. But: what would lie do Leap upon his enemy and kill in'fThie man iwn tlhe doorway looked too u le and ill for sucllhviolence; would hlie thenu heap curses upon him, the bitterest human lipls everlter ed?! But Curran advanced into thed oom with outstretched hand.. "Don't souIo kilow me, then; friendP' Philip hlit itite: gaiun. There might be a \- 1ain of. hop-ei ht lie vwo?l4 surqely onever have givenl the youling nusis hmi uLs d if he had knows?-r called hin frilend.' " a"Soi0Q 0!!o0 Wh'ote me to comeo ' 1 don't know .wuhtt hie wanted," CQqrlun explained wearily. "Ther exrict so lulphl of. a man; they lwant him to lie a God; and if lie were they wouldlerucify himn.'? i Philip wlis crecovering his rcomposure. At first he h t felt I wild impulse to confess cverythillg to tile wpugna llusband. He secmed so grlalid, no ailtnajllmous: he would not be cuel," But then Isis reason clme back to him. Ie slehi a case as this there could be no. intends.: Iutocyptly, Bertha and Philip hhiad done' hini a ter .ole : Wfrlg=Rlid theml selves; forgiveness could not blot itout. God in his nlerty nuiiht spare them the penalty of iufiuuy; but tie iijured :husband had no choice but vindicate. his; honor, when he Baino to know.n i:."You look ill," sai .Philip at last, drawing hint out a. chai:. Should he odetain him! IlertlC a might colme before lier time andbrcak 'in upon :theln the 'two iiien bLuth' of 'whom she had injutIre so terribly! Olhl thati nmst not happen. Was not that a step in the pas sage 0on0sl hould. he let Curran go, then I The tirt 11ta l je, ne~I would Eoul.t?le story of ihis share iiieto ii." rts 'at , inle Lqn the cotes tiSlphe.. IHe must notigoi-hnt'ho must lnot st3y. Philip looked out into the passage. No or cmls thelmrs .iui- hldil dropped into the Schair Philip Jci,i piereer l hlin,. "Do I look ill '' he asked lilshLing" his long hailnick iroi hiis forelheadl. "Dil you ever love a woiiiq Who -hatlrl yeou:? Did you ever •c anmt to peoi; flh yor life for lier e,,ase tlhat mceilesledlr y!I! 'X Toi kil!." Ichiomli I inriiai. \hyliv I:oacu fliiniedylou al n ld'oe were lovelrs, till .lmhlri?-4 10llt. Ing ;. Ilnt c litha."' He -Oicke the Qnqnlli sq ts eil•y, 0 thrill of shnlme eassei o'er Pili,9. 'leltietF'W1111 thman ni's cife. t.Had h. nh a right then. to speak her ilnslie lendely Ait" l so el urraln haId fancied terthls and ha wer o10vela till slo told him nuot--abi Berthnl "f"'' "Sini hsleft;-ile,? C.,rrarn sslet O1l -in the saino~iedft,:teud'P tol?C?ie.I :don't rGuppoSo it islelrent you. But if I itould onlysceo her imoer 1 ,mIo asuihl' it sts'aiiib terli,,, that I might swin her beack. hi madlie such a tell lder swtthlealrt." Tiei hle lifted his eyes mllore lirnil"e to hilihp s fare, ret like a walt of rock. "'i thLeme aney tr:ubloe aloiug your ile5, they lhave flung all my offecs in my teetl." "It mIus1t have been that shieh made thenm send for me. I hald holed, or1 feal'ed, I hardly ];ns whcllehi. it iighit be sonletlling of ciBer thn." It 1.'c ;'liir-e.'i·eiS' it, a woiriUi like her sholddlr ti'n-liy lhf Sid ese,.ililetel.l W\hat is there' libihiet"her.lcdid you ever think bf iti Of cour, roil liavuen t" Curru seenlled to !ial1 0pn fi!,r!t ir .i-ini.a all thouehts pf lher ?hrnt ii'lmaeeiiewe'l iImii. ii Mll iti lheli"t ho afraid of ma: ' t i'u'llclit'y"iu seimiund a littls"?range Philip italrt , iltohlutarUil.-, but .urrae ratietue s "I ili?a't e cuaegae any ms-ike, :ginst ;yon. God: wil bless ounr life .fo lour work for the poor. If he hnasn't yet, he Rill give you a happier love than he has civel nie . Then he rose with inewenergyrto his feet. "I must go and stip the mischief. I can do lolre with your laborers for good or evil than any nlilan in tih worl. I suppose they nmy I o il the hall to-nilght r: Ys7s.'. ]ut Philip hurried up to hin and laid his hand on his arm. "BJut do' t go, not yat." , "I mnst. Shall you lI here long? WVell, I will see yon agaiin to-llighlt. " "Gitl 'rait lnot," Innlnmreld Philip Breton, as the door closecd after, hiill. Then Philip unlocked tile gremt safe and swsinng back its green door of iron;" He took out a packlet and locked the safeo again. anll clnried his packet hack to his oflice. lie turned lthe gas still hligher nrld held the packet inl the lllame till all that was left of it was a little heal of lharrel 1mper on the loor- all that was left of Philip Bretou's will. With that iet lie closed up, as lie believed, all that part of his life v.6rthy to lie remnembereid. Ho was young and strong,bit lie had failed. Hencc forth lie must look oin while others worked. Iate had taken his work away from him. Iie must sit back on the seats with thle women and clildren, and look on anul applaud whean great deeds were doing. Hle would have liked to work, too; but perhaps others would do his work better. "IHallo, hallo, Phil, don't yol work pretty late,' It was Giddings, the lawyer, in a co:l ditionrof decided intoxication. 'l11l bet yer dollar you don't know what I came fort ha, ha, ha; you think money don't you; more imoney? But I aint that sort of a feller." Philip had been simply disgusted at first, hut there seemlcd a terrible leer ill the drunken eyes. Could it be the nan hadl come to ex pose him? What was the use of struggling against his destiny any longerl If he could have gone yesterday, he would Ihave raved all risks. ]ut he had waited just too long. Curran had returned to claim his wife. Julne Ellingsworth had discovered everything. nl d now this Giddings in his drunkarld's toolishness was threatening what ruint ie zould bring. "You are not going to do anytling rasl arc you," said Philip, drdopping his eyes in hiunmiliation. But Giddings came close to him and laid his hand on his shoulder. Then he put his face close to Philip's, with a druhken ontn's fakes measure of distance. Tile young nlan ritheilc at ris touch, and held his breath to avoid taking the hot fumes of lind liquor the fellow exhal'ed. But he did not dare to anger the low creature. h"Did you think," continued Giddings with gushing, reproachfnlness, "that I aint got any conscience? You're doin' wrong Mr. Breton. I aint got no right--no right to let it go on. Did you think I aint got no consciencel" Philip shook him off and his face grew so lerrible that the fellow winced as he had fone before at that look. "Don't strike-don't kill me, Phil--Lr. Breton, ' was only jokin'-can't you tell when a hua's jokiin'. Got any money 'hbot lothes,say $50; 'm awful hardup. Ionuldn't hurt you; your altogether too nice feller." He leered affectionately at the young man, then suddenly he winked frightfully. Philip threw him a roll of bills. It was the last blood money the scoundrel would ever draw. By to-morrow morning Philip Breton and his wife would be beyond the reach of harm, or beyond the reach of help one or the other. "There is $100; takoitand go, I have business." "Ten, twenty, and twenty makes thirty, ten, anl twenty and twenty, here aiut but $80. Thought I's too drunk to coun' did you?" "There is 8101 there." "'S lie. Yer takiae' vantage me cause Pm drunk." This creature mustbe away if it cost $1,000. He crowded another .?0 bill into the fellow's clammy hand. S"Now go, or you'll stay longer than you want to." Giddings dried his tears and gathered his limlp joints together to go. But he insisted 'on Philip's shaling hands. But even after Giddhigs had got into the hall Philip heard the fellow muttering to himself. He stepped hurriedlyto the door of his office to catch the word, but could not. If Philip had been a little quicker he would have heard this: "Somthin' up I ain't so drung but Ica se thatn Guess Isil g'up to the boy's house. His wife 'll know me, ie, he." y. Would Bertha never coune? If they escaped now it must be but by a hnir'sbreadth. Itnui would ?e close upon them. For the adjust menat of a ribboi she would snacrifice every thing. It seemed ri gTeat while since Curran lhad left the office for the labor meeting, and he had not so far to go. Something might have delayedl tile terrible disclosure for a few lmoment.? but by this tinle he must surely hlive heard the whole story of his shame and dishonor. It would stir him tomiadness. His noble eyes would flash lightnings, and thun derbolts ofj hate and scorn would drop from his lips. No human being could stand against the divine dignity of such a man's righteous wrath. Philip fancied the mob sweeping up the road behind this outraged husband, seek ing out his wife for the doom that would satisfy his mad thirst for vengeance. Now, perhaps, they were bursting in the glate, nowv breaking down thoe oaken doer. And Philip could not be there to protect the beautiful woman who had onlysimmued through love for him. How the color would flee her clhpek - she ]fpkgil 'ut on the lli~ies daces af titp l''n ed"Aut, i h+ore? as no arm new to slieldher, none but Curran's, whoso love was now enmlittered into bate. There wasn no pity in his white, wasted face, only insulted love only scorl that could grind her fair life, witlh ut olsne throb of tenderness lbeneati his feet, Why did helo not cornmel hbilip was almost wild with mingloel terror aned hope. He walked the room like a caged lion. Now he rushed to the door and glanced desperately up anld dowlt the street, 5 His hoises were chamling their bits at her door. but the light yet Iurned in her chantm ber.OThero was hardly tfime to catch the train at the Lockout stition. Tie o wild mob with tho Iladdened lover the moa.t terrible of enemies, at their headi would be at her door in a moment. Still other dangers Philip did not guess threw a gathering shadow across her path. But she lingered yet. CHAPTER XXXV. A POPULAR LEADER. Market hall was full of excited workmen when Curmn pushed the door open and steppeel in. Some would be orator had bop ring to voice the wrongs of the peqple,'.h.i pmt the whisper fan along thF slats hhit Uidshi w.a at the door every head wiis fairned. 'hen, as if by a common impulse, the whole audience rose to their feet, and the building smenuil to trelbleo with the cheer tlhat blurst frocm tle bpwilly lroata. Here was lu omntop Indeed, a mpnh who coiuld set before tlhem theilr sufferings and wring their lhearts with self pity; who could make each Folul of tlhen wonder at his own patience, Ie linds his wpiy olowly up the nisle with eimille giiings for 1hIis frienLs, ni, they sretlCed out thelir grimy hands to himi. But ils smuile was so sad anid hopeless that every glailPce sobereid inS ie passced, H laountilt the pltfoeninuiid turned his face toward theln. lie seemned but the ghost of his former liagniilteent Ilmanhood, but the people cheered him again, and those in the rear Sleaped upon their sel n ther n egeris to see their hero. Then all held their breath to lis ten; even the girls ius the gallery stopped their excited wliltpiring while they vaitred forhis grand rining tones that had thrilled the faiitest Iherts so many times b?far, Would he never megrin , '... Il(Yhat it lhis li,.teiloe forf' The orator his coning had interrupted, was only too glad to explain. 'Wel boe't get our rights. We get a little, but that's all, and we meals to fetch the oim boss to his milk to-m0rwo"; don't we, ?sbhout of eager assent went up from the crowd. Then nll was still again. Now would cOmi1 tht torrenlit of words o flaeme. Yes, Cuhlsalllsdtstppltl forwhriirtl to the vrrv edgt tlf'tphalatfshIoi iii lii old 1dhit:" 'hint wlil a? tlofcllqs w xith baidiihg . hIead pushling tiis'ay'.Oiiaith" 'qi the. iali ail,'as. if ha horp?tidingso lt nust be ill tiiinsgs to nmiue him in ejet lied.. ru t Vum 1- 4 li uito s-Sqk "You are making a maltak. my frienas a great mistake. The youngmasterhas done well by you, and he will do better, if you will give him time to think. Such mighty ideas as have got into his mind can't ?e stoppedl. oThey will not let him halt long; he must be swept forward. But you must wait for him. You have waited for your cruel (nd hIeartless masters thousands of years. Will yon only show yourselves impatient and insolent to the first one who shows himself kind toward you? Do you want to make his 1]nd1 an example and a warning for his clnssl I have heard their scoffs and taunts already-the air is full of them. Look, they say, at the way the people treat the man whho tries to help them. Friends, you are making a terrible mistake." But Curr n had begun to speak. The light of the man's noble genius had Bushed his pale cheeks and flashed beauti fully in his steel blue eyes. His voice, that had seemed weak and unsteady as he be gan, rang out its bell like tones again ashe saw the sullen faces soften under his match less power. "Ho has made your village blossom by his love; he has brought smiles to your weary children's faces; he has planted hope in a thousanddesperatehearts. Doyouaskmehow I knowlI seo it in your eyes. I see it inthe way your he;ls rest on your broad shoulders. And will you use your new manhood to do bins injury"' But the sIsan with the bandaged head had reached the platform, and at this very mo ment, when the orator paused to let his meaning sink into the hearts of the people, he touched Curran on the shoulder and whisa iered a few hurried wo-r' in his ras The people saw their hero's face blanch.: Hr aiurned to the fellow with a look that would break a man s heart, and seemed to be asking hint a question. As the agitator lis tened to the reply his knees trembled under him and lie sank into a chair, and still the messenger of evil bent over hinm and kept whispering withl poisonous breath into his ear. At last Seiles stood back from his vie tin, who bowed his head upon his hands. Curran's whole body shook with the violence of his Lpassion. The inert people waited, They knew noth: ing else to de, ,:Their hero might have died before theni; they would never mavo thought to stir from their seats, . But lie rose at last, and Bailes ginned diabolically behind him. They would hoar another story now. 'riends, yol have heard what I said." Ho s okoasif a great weight was upon him? landt lisvoice canme slowly. "I repeat it, be patient with your young master; he' means well by you." : - But Bailes rushed forward and, tearingthe banduages from his head. threw them upon the platform at his feet; Disease hadl settled in Iris bruises, and his face was: frightfully swollen mid disfigured Ha might have eean a ghoul' or a gnome instead of a human being. .i "Revenge him, men," he screamed, throw ing up his arms, "if you have any spirit in ou. I" have just told himi--somne of you knew it-how that boy has stole hIis wife and spit on the laws, as if they were not for the rich like him." . It was more like a groan than a shoiut that .ent up from the crowd - before him, which only waited a word from the bowed, broken man they loved,, to become a blogdttirety mtb. Vouldhle give them that, word? ?lie had leaped tqo "is feet and thrown out his long right ermn in its grandest gesture, and the mnurinuli' of the people died down. His face was ne white as alead man's, an ashy. wlhite,:but his eyes flashed lightning. . SWhose wrong is itthen, this hideous crea-! ture's or mine i I will settle my own griev ances, I need no mob to rihlit me." Then Curran paused a nlmoment. hen lihe began again it was in a lower tone. "Besides, the nmua is wrong," his voice trembled like, a ehildhs. "I have no--no," he almost broke down, "I have no wife-I amn-I am not well, I must go to my bed, but before I go I want to be smit you will make no nlistake'to-snight or to-morrow." He folded hiis arms across his I)road chest in a sublime effort of self control. His blood boiledt in mad fever, gymY moment was worth a world to him. agenu?ing pictures floated before iis diimmed Vision, hut hi could not stir trom liiqS pst till he hadl co.uqueredt this upyb, "P'llilip Breton list shown himiselsf t`lp to you, be fair with him. If iso pever did another thing for you-he-ho has yet deserved your-your patience. You will escluse me now, I wVil sesyoy ton-morrow butI need rest. Can I depeid on you?" He did not even look at them: his attitude, as he waited with downcast eyes, was of a man who talks in Ihis sleip. f "Yr-- yes," shoutedl tho people, and then ho turnled and ste.ppesl off frlom the pilatftorm. I lie causle sliw the aisle very strangely. At first he would hurry and noticeono one. Then, as if by a mighty effort, he would walk very slowly, then faster again. Then lie would stop short and put out his hand to some perfect stranlge Mansy eyes watched him curiously when he separated from his eager friendls at the door of the hall andu walked rapidly away. If Curras haI turned off to the road that led to Philip Bretos's house on the hill he would not have gone far alone, but he did not even look that way so long as the half tamed mob could see him. And the people scattered in disapploitntment to their houes. But Curran is no longer walklg in his d rst direction; lie ihas turned on Idishl ? ind made a route for himself act's hh flelds. His faoe is loinitel towualtt lia lights 'f?hpt yet shine disvn ust him fronz the stone hosoo& n the hill. And 'thee roads are iot straight enough for the errand he is ot, nor is walking fast enough, he breaks into a run. Now he falls over a low fence so violently that a limb slight have bees broken, but he only loses his lit and sti"ls on, Iis long hail' shakin down over Iris pale set face as he runs. Hisbreath colles like the purling of a locomotive; he esnr lsar his heart throb louder than his foot fails. ' 1 What does he seek? What will he do when he looks again on his faithless anddishonored wife and on the lman who has put this dead liest hanne upon him!i Punishmentcan wipe out nothing, vengeance never assuaged one ?ng of hunman anguish yet. But mercy or pity or reason are lied from his maddened msoul to-night, while the furies whip him on. CHAPTER XXXVI. TOO FOND A IIUS;,ieL The drunken lawesp very nearly fell as he tried to step olf it! rosunting room piazza, Illd alruu.st made up his iniud it would he more desirable to lie down in some soft spot and go to sloIt, than tnake the long w.lk he ndset himself. But the cool breeze s~,.dl to refresh him nmarvelously, an ill another moment hlie despised the gsd'ti Bollow under the elts that ad latuked so inviting, and hirtitdtl upl towardl Philip Breton's house. aH shook his head wisely as he walked. It took a pretty siart man to get ahead of John Giddings, drink or solgj. Thcypung mill owncer assit ead e igstns as ivith; Biretoni at oso did of the village, his w'ifo pt teo ptlp41, ad himslf, the acute i;3"er, b btween h itdenl. The lawy-er had walked a far as Bilae e t' bet ontinued) 