CHAPTER X.-THE OATH OE THE WAN ' DEBER. That night the "Wanderer saw not Meria mun, hut . on the morrow she sent a messenger to him, bidding him to her feast that night. He had little heart to go, but a Queen's courtesy is a command, and he went at sundown. Rei also went to the feast, and as ho went, meeting the Wanderer in the antechamber, he whispered to him that all things were made ready, that a good ship waited him in the harbor, the very ship that ho had captured from the Sidonians, and that he, Rei, would be with him by tho pylon gate of the temple one hour before midnight. Presently, aa ho whispered, the doors were flung wide and Meriamun the Queen passed, in, followed by eunuchs and wait ing women. She was Royally arrayed, her face was pale and cold, but her great eyes glowed in it. Low the Wanderer bowed before her. She bent her head in answer, then gave him hor hand, and he led her to the feast. They sat there side by side, but the Queen spoke little, and that little of Pharaoh and the host! of the Apura,' from whom no tidings came; When at length the feast was done, Meriamun bade the Wanderer to her pri vate chamber, and thither he went for a while, though sorely against .his will. But Rei came not in with them and thus he was left alone with the Queen-for she dismissed the waiting ladies. When they had gone there was silence for a while, but ever the Wanderer felt the eyes of Meriamun watching him as; though they would read his heart. " I am weary," she said at length. " Tell me of thy wanderings, Odysseus of Ithaca -nay, tell me of the siege of Ilios and of the sinful Helen, who brought all these woes about. Ay, and tell me how thou didst creep from the leaguer of the Achieans, and, wrapped in a beggar's weeds, seek speech of this evil Helen now justly slain of the angry Gods." " Justly slain is she indeed," answered the crafty Wanderer. " An ill thing is it, truly, that the lives of so many heroes should be lost because of the beauty of a faithless woman. I had it in my own heart to slay her when I spoke with her in Troy Towers, but the Gods held my hand." " Was it so, indeed ?" said the Queen, smiling darkly. " Doubtless if yet she lived, and thou sawest her, thou wouldst slay her. Is it not so, Odysseus ?" " She lives no more, 0 Queen!" he answered. " Nay, she lives no more, Odysseus. Now tell me ; yesterday thou wentest up to the temple of the Hathor ; tell me what thou didst see in the temple." " I saw a fair woman, or, perchance, an immortal Goddess, stand upon the pylon brow, and as.she stood and sang those who looked were bereft of reason. And there after some tried to pass the ghosts who guarded the woman and were slain of invisible swords. It was a strange sight to see." " A strange sight, truly. Bat thou didst not lose thy craft, Odysseus, nor try to break through the ghosts ?" " Nay, Meriamun. In my youth I have looked upon the beauty of Argive Helen, who .was fairer than she who stood upon the pylon tower.- None >who have looked upon the Helen would seek itfo win the Hathor." - \ " But, perchance, those who have looked upon the Hathor ; may seek ^to win the Helen," she answered slowly, and hie knew not'what to say, for he felt the power of her' magic .on him. .2 (TO BE CONTINTJED.) - " The Öultan of Johore is dead. 