T h e Man With a Box, Who was the man with tbe box? Fflr the thousandth time did Doctor Oollamore ask himEellthis question; for the thonsandth time did ha ponder over the grim conundrum, till it seemed like a spectre haunting 'him continually. Sleeping or waking. an apparition was ever by bis. side, demanding, now mournfully, now sternly, "Who am I!" And this apparition was the man with the box." If the man was a mystery, the box was nose the lees one. From long gazing at it, the doctor bad come to regard it as a kind of hideous, all-knowing demon, which might open its lips and tell ell.. but could" .Bot be made to.. J3ut this was only fancy, for the box, as it stood oo tbe doctor's table, was an ordin ary little casket of mahogany, with Bome signs of an liastern origin, perhaps, in its curioue csxvir.g, but to acaeuel glance a mere oommonplace wooden box with a lock nr, a key. Yet B glance at this box was entngh to bring to Doctor Collamore's mind thoughts of all that was dark, myeteiiocs and uncanny. The dootcr sits before it now, gazing over it et tbe lurid sunset gradually dying into prey. He holds the key of the casket in bis fingere. BS he has so many times betorie.in the last five years, bnt he does not cpen.the box; he never has opened it. He is listening to a young girl, who leans her pale, lovely face against bis etouldet. as she epeaks to bim in a low voice. _ . "It il l strange, dark box; TJncle Frederick standing there so grim and black between ns and the bright eky," The doctor starts. " Axe yon thinking ot the box, Adrienne T' 111 think ot it often. I remember tbe night, five years ago, when it came to the house. I remember that when I saw it first, standing on your table, my heart eank, I know not why, with a presentiment of impending misfortune. The next night," and her voice eank to s whisper," I heard that Malcolm łrnd disappeared—that he had been robbed—murdered," " Malcolm I Do yon still think of bim f n " Could I forpet ?" " But Arthur WeEtont" Ah, Arthur Weston 1 My dear nncle— my dear guardian—I must tell you. Arthur Weston bas asked me to become his wife. To-night he is to have my answer." " And it will be ?" "Thebox says no." " Must yon obey the box I" . "It not only commands me—it impels me. Ever since it has been here it seems to say to me: 4 Adrienne, I hold within me tbe secrets of your future lite; I am your destiny, and I am here to watah over yon and guard yon from evils yon know net of, and dangers that yoo cannot see.' Oh, uncle, this seems fanciful to )on, wholnow the history ot tbe box, bnt to me it is very real.'" Alas, I know no more of its history than you. To ins it speaks only of horror, violence and crime. Bnt tell me, docs it ever say anything else to yon 7" Xes. At times when I have pondered long over the past it seems to cay to me: ' Hope, Adrienne, hope 1 In good time 1 will open my lipe; the sorrowful shall be made happy—the dead come back to "life. Hope 1'" The doctor drew her cloecr to him. " My child, the time has come when you most know whet I have cevertold to&nyoce; —the story of how I came by the box. Tonight I do what I never have done—with tbi6 key I open the box. I look there for a revelation of terror ond crime. If it have for yon any message of hope and love, Heaven grant that yon may receive it. Listen," he said:. "five years ago I heard that my brother, wbom 1 had sot seen for Ecms years, heQ died, leaving you, his only daughter, ań orphan, dependent upon tny cBra. I arranged thatyon should maie iny houee your home, and one eversing-^five years jego to-night— while I was away totulfi! aprofeesiODal engagement, you arrived. -Wnen I returned yón were here. 1 learned also during my absence young -Malcolm Douglas had called upon yen with his Jriend Arthur WeSion. :Thcee two yonng men, "yon told me,-had returned from India not long before, where they bad'made their fortunes. I learned also that Malcolm was An accepted fover. I was ccce more called, ont, end it was late at night when I started for heme again on foot. As I plod Jed on; thinking o! tbe cbscgts which would come from your living azuocg us, end for tbe happiness I hoped for you in the husband I bad never seen, I was recalled to myself by noises, lights and shouting. Looking about me, half dazed, I fonnd myself in the middle of the street; a cab drawn by two horses was bearing down upon me rapidly. The driver, vainly trying to check the animals, was calling to me. was bewildered, and stood still till thehorses were almcst upon me; in an instant I ehou'd have been knocked down when I was snatched to one side jast as the wheels of the cab grazed my clothing. " I looked op at my rescuer. His clothes were torn and mnddy, and I distinctly remembered afterwards that stains of—of— something red—were on bis hands. dear sir, how can I thank yon enough for your courage J' I said. "' It was nothing — nothing at all,' he replied. "' Bnt yon have saved my lite at the risk of your own. Let me at leant know who yon are, so that I may have the opportunity of being of UEE to yon some time.' "' If yon want to serve me, now is the time,' he said. Take this box. My life wonld be in danger were it fonnd npon me. Then I will take it,' I saia. " He placed tbe box in my hands, saying "' Swear to me that yen w31 sever let anyone else get posseeEion of it; that yon will never reveal how it came into your possession, and that you will never.open it. I may call upon you anytime for it; if I have not done so by five years from-to-night I absolve you .from your oath; yen may open tbe box and tell the story ol receiving it from me. Do yon swear to do this J' •"I swear.' "' Then here is the box and a key. Yon may see me again eoon, or yoa may never see me. "Farewell l' " When I reached home and thought over this adventure calmly, it did not take long to ćonclnde that there was more of the oomio than the tragic about' it. - So I pot the hex away, and^-eoon all thought of it was driven from my mind by the startling events which had happened at this time. Łt Malcolm Douglas had disappeared. He had drawn all his money, amounting to ten thousand pounds, from tbe bank, and if the sea bad swallowed him op he could not have disappeared more totally, bis money with him. As time went on and nothing was heard of him, the police took np the matter. Murder and robbery was their , theory,-and they made a few arrests. Nothing came of than, however, tni -snsptoion fell opon -the Hindoo servant, Eara Nin. A man had beenfonndwho faadaeenMalcolm that night ID a lonely part of the city near the wharves, tbe mań also'ststed that Malcolm seemed to be followed by.s small dark man—giving a -very good description of Kara Nin. .But Arthur Weston stepped in and affirmed that Kara Nin Ład been with-bim thst uightat tbe time when Malcolm had been seen near tbe wharves. - This; alibi npset the Case against the eefvant, and tbe -police gave np tbesearch in ^wpair/and Kara Nra- soon after disappeared. . v.V.' - .-;-' . *' Thus it eeemed that the disappearance ot Maloolm Donglas was to b^Bn ^tnsolved mysterr; imt it was Ihen ttList iiark yisions began to rise np before me, and' tbe almosi forgotten tóxfcej^to*«teonihBŁinister look it bae ever Hnoc wprn. ^The lireatbleM httrry" ot*he jnan withibe bpx, łiiB ińxieity to li^LimEeUpfthe incriminatingtiuraen j the^y^ mrds lieżnsedsbout ti; this eolemn óathebeinade mełake-inothingcouideeem iiue.-uau * sS-SigMS I S the boxms nit to be forced fróm it.1;jBnt I have always fel^ nevertheless, that nota Kara Nin, nor the polioe, but the box, didhave looked within its breast, the secret of tbe disappearance otMsloolm Douglas. _ " And now the time has come; to-night the-five -years are passed; I am absolved from my oath. I have told you the story of the box, so far as I know it; now Itpen it, and if it has any secrets it must give them nn." " - ' - "The red sunset hBd almost faded now, end left the box standing out blackly against the dead grey sky. Tbe girl raised her head and ^azed earnestly at tbe casket. Then ehe arose. \- " I will leave yon, Unols Frederick," she said," to-open the box. I know now what yon must have suil.-red through all these years with this knowledge. I, too, have suffered; but to me the box has spoken words ot eomfcrt and hope; and to-night I feel that its prcphesiee are soon to befulfilled. I must go now; Arthur Weston is waiting for me." " I fear his viEit will be short, poor fellow! But if the box contains anything of import-' ance, I will tell you. Now that the time has really coma I feel very much agitated ; I can herdly bring myself to open the box. But ~ will try hard to pluck np oonrage." The doctor lighted a wax taper and set it on tbe tabUnext to the box. Then be took the key, which was fastened to a email crimson ribbon, and put it in the key hole. As he did so a flood of memories rushed over bim. A shudder -passed through the doctor's frame; he turned the key and slowly lifted the lid. The ligtt was dim; the dootor raised his cyes,- and looking at the win. dow he saw e sight whioh at first turned bis blood cold. ^ A face was pressed against the pane ; -a faos that he knew, with bright eyes staring at him inetntly. Before him the doctor, saw the box, open at last; beyond, the box, he saw tbe never forgotten face of that nigbt in the street live years before; tbe face of the man with tbe boxl It was but for a moment that tbe doctor was paralysed. He sprang to the window, opened it, and assured himself that the face was not a mere vision, by grasping the body convulsively. With superhuman energy be dragged the man into the room and stood before him with uplifted arms. " At last! at last 1" he cried ; " the time has come I Whether yon are a man or devil you must yield Dp to me the secret of Hal colm DouglaB 1" I will do so," antwered the main, in a calm, clear voice. "It is for that that I have come here. Close the window and Bit down, I seeyon baveopenedthe box. If I had not come you might have guessed from that tbe secret ot Malcolm Douglas." _ " 1 knew it 1" murmured the doctor, sinking into a chair. " I could have sworn that Maloolm Douglas's late was known to you and tbe box!" " I will make my story short," continued tbe man. "To begin at tbe beginning: Malcolm Douglas and Arthur Weston returned from India comparatively rich men. They bad made their fortunes together, but had divided them before they left India. They passed thrcngh Europe on their way home. Their stay there wonld have been longer had not Douglas discovered that Weston WBS becoming a victim to gambling. He was much alarmed for his friend and hurried him home. "Bat it was too late; for one night not long otter their trrival here, Weston informed him that he had already lost almost BII bis fortune over tbe gaming table. He followed this with a request for a large loan. Deng* las went to the bank and drew out all his money to help hie friend; and in doing this he rushed to his doom. *'What good conld a loan do an already rained man? The money mnst be his somehow. When the guilty Idea first struck Weston's mind I do not Enow. OncCthere, it grew rapidly, for Weston bad suddenly come to have another reason for wishing to bavs Douglas out of the -way—the hatred of a rival in: love. "The resolve once formed,an instrument was readily found. ' .A ferocious Hindoo servant, conversant 'with rueaus of killing unfamiliar to ns—ready iorvgrecd or tor mere bloodthirstiness to strangle anyone— such a person fras Eara Nin; a tool ready to the hand of Weston. There is one circamstanoe which fcstenE indubitably upon Weston tbe guilt ot this crime. V/hen Eara Nin, through some accident, was observed and suspected, he called upon bis master to perjure himself in order to save him. And throngh fear of betrayal Weston did this, doubtless with inconceivable loathing, for be bad so cause to IOVG Kara Nin," " For the Hindoo had not brought Douglas's money. Weston thought he had stolen it; at any rate he followed the Hindoo with his vengeance, and some time later attempted to have bim done away with; thus gratifying B grudge and getting rid of a dangeroUB accomplice at the same time. Bat I believe he tailed, and if so there will be war between Weston and Kara Kin." "But this is not all," exclaimed the doctor, as tbe man paused, " this is nothing. Who are you, what of the box, and what really was Maloolm Douglas's fate ?" The man sat for a long time leaning bis face on bis hand. At last he spoke; " Is your niece here?" "Yes." " Will you take me to her J" " Doctor Collamore rose, and the man followed him into tbedrawing room. Arthur Weston was there -with Adrienne. " Why do yon tell me to wait ?" he was saying. "Ihave waited five year?, Adrienne. Was I not to have my answer tonight 1 Atleast give me a little hope." Tbe door had opened, snd the doctor end tbe man were standing in tbe -room. Adrienne rote and gave one look at the man. *' Malcolm 1" she cried, and threw herself intobi8 arms. Arthur Weston followed her with his eyes, and saw Malcolm Douglas standing in the doorway. . Weston Bank to tbe floor, and raised bis hand as if to shield himself from a frightful vision. "Itis I, myself, Arthur Weston," said Douglas; " the bowstring ot the strangler failed for bnoe. Tbe treasure box |s not in Sara's bands, but in this very bonse, where it has been ever since that night." Weston arose and made a violent effort toappear self-possessed.. . , "Well, Maloolm,"-bs: said, "you can't •blame roe for thinking jop -cere a ghost. I never expected to Eee you again." " Weston, you can spare me the trouble of pnblic?y-denoancicg yon. When I succeeded in escaping trom the strangler, I was filled with fear and apprehension/ I knew I was not safe while he was here. I resolved tó go away until it would be safe for me to return, Tour false swearing in Kara's behalf showed ine who my real enemies were, and I have not returned till I am able to .defeat yon at all points. 'Leave the country, Arthur Weeton;JD ever again return or come near me, and you will be safe, as far as I am concerned; otherwise you will be in gaol wZthin anhonr." . Weston elnnk out of tbe room withont a word. " . - " " Mv children," said "Doctor Ćollamore," I don 'tthink Innderatan d all if this yet; bnt I can se& that the man with the box has returned, the box bas been opened, and its cnrse.«t last removed from my sleepless nights." "' - ' J-; -"And I always eaidi-HncleFrederiek, that the box contained a blessing. We have opened it, and 1 have found Malcolm." < . V l ain gladjou-^have kępt your promise about the box so well," said Malcolm ; " but I am more glad that you have kept Adrienne Isr ineao Eafely, In return I in-ill promise tint yon shall no longer "be1ia.antea tiy the ;&^m-mtt ,| thBijbx.*' :r :". -v.:'.-'.•; Artbur Weston Blipped out ot tbe room tinietly enobgfc. Bnt óid heeee stiUanóther lace pressed against the window panewatchińg aUłns movanents t Adarfc, savageface -with glittering .eyea arid wbite teeth tbat fnind for you irozn this ffimk on ;for the m J ® fcojm^e Łiuna^ S^traKui as®? Pnietical Katiagemeut of theBull. The-null if. juEtly spoken ot as the head of the herd. He isits head in more senses than one. He is the lord of the harem, the master in the pasture; and he is the fountain bead of the blood of the next generation. Ihe breeder naturally estimates tu bull as Dne-half in all his calculations. Not only as one-half, but he is always on tbe lookout to see whether in such an estimate he 13 not greatly under estimating the butt's trus influence. If the bull is a vigorous fellow, of insty strength ot body and ot blood, the breeder may fina that his actual value in the equation which represents the character of his get is a much larger fraction than onehalt, whieh is naturally assumed as a trial value. On the ether band, if the bull is a weak, puny animal, cf feeble constitution, ind of no potency iń his inherited trait?, the result may prove that his proper value M a much less one than at first assumed. This may go so "far JIB in some cases to seem es if the bull really represented nothing more than the principle of life, and in giving his calves being he had exhausted his powers. The degree of ability a bull has to stamp his get with his own image is the true exponent of his worth. A fine animal of great prepotency is the most valuable of possessions a man can have. Bat in some degree a bull's breeding may depend on how he is treated, However great the powers that nature may have endowed any given animal with, unless that power is conserved and fostered it will be proportionately reduced,'and may even be atrophied and lost,by neglect and abase. The lame bull in good condition, represents in caoh case an entirely different value. When weakened - by nnder-fseding, when made sluggish by over-feeding, the natural powers of pocreation are equaUy enfeebled and the saptcity of the animal in a normal state ot health is greatly rcdaced. Consequently, no matter how admirable a bull is, no matter how good a breeder, much of his encoesa in bis herd depends on the kind of care and treatment! hereceives. . Begin with him early, both to develop his sapacities and to guard against the growth sf bad qualities. From the earliest callhood the bull ought to be accustomed to constant tnd anintermittiug handling. A calf cannot be broken to halter too early, and if not broken early and kept at all times familiar with man he may grow op unruly, and the very eforts used to break in a young bull may be the causa of viciousneBB which will make him a dangerous thing to handle or to have on the farm. I have never raised a vicious bull, and I am convinced if begun on early enough and handled quietly, but firmly, a bull will never become dangerous. Tbe great thing is to hold boils under restraint bv a constant exercise of authority whieh is always kindly, EO that they are never aroused and EO never have their tempers provoked. If there is any sure way to ruin a bull 1 fancy it is by kicking and beating him whenever he is approached until be is in a etate of unvarying irritation in the presenoe of men. When once he is alive to the power ot his latent temper the matter ot subjugation is a very difficult one, and one in which tbs clement of danger is generally {of mote consequence than the value of the bull. I for one, would not have a bad bull on my place. My practice is to take tbe bull calves away from the other cattle when they are about two or three months old and put them in a lot by themselves. Ontil six montbs_ old they are suckled by their mothers twice s day, and are put in tbe stable and fed twice B dav. In the summer they are put op in the morning and fed, and then are fed and turned out late in the evening; while in the winter the reverse coarse is followed, and they;are pat np in the afternoon and fed and then fed before they are tamed oat Tbis system of feeding is kept up- right along as the calves approach maturity. Young balls need to be kept growing well. They are very apt to get out of shape at from nine to twelve months old, and ought to be fed freely and well, and be "kept in a quiet place trom the-^iows and.heifers; for it is easy to cause young bulls to worry themselves and work all their flesh off, and the best care "in other things will not safiics to keep them in good - condition. It is one of my cardinal principles that yocng bulls to do thoroughly well matt ba kept perfectly quiet and apart. A Goo:> DIE-DFA—"Are you going to marry tbat horrid old Smith, Siary ? " " Yes, dear. But please do not use such adjectives." '• Or course not. But why do yon marry him ? " " Well, when I asked him if he really loved me, he said, 1 I'd die for you, darling.' And that's the kind of a rich old husband I want —one who will dis for me." AK UKFLEISAXT FEJTCEE.—Employer (to commercial traveller). "I would prefer, Jfr, Sharpedge, on your trips, that you stop whenever poesible at the temperance hotel;." Mr. Sharpedge (dabiouely): " I don't know about that." Employer:" Why not?" llr. Ssarpedge: "Because the whisky (here ain't fit to drink." EASILY SATISFIED.—'" What d'ya want to eat, Mirandy?" said a countryman to bis wile as they eeatcd themsclvc-s in a restaurant. " Well, I donno, John. Any thin' that suite you suits me." " Well, mister," said John, turning to the waiter, " What hev ye got that's aheap an' fiilin't" TOIELT IsxEKposraoN'.—*' Pa," said Bobby in oce of his thoughtful moments, " i chicken a giant to an ant ?" " Yes." "And are we giants to a chicken I" " Yu/as, ya'aV " Bjit a giant hac got to be a giant to ba B gi&nvto; us, haeu't be?" "Bobby," laid bis mother just in time,' "your father wants to read his evening paper." HIGHLY KECOHHENDED.—Robinson: "Try one of my cigars, Brown. It's a new brand, and is highly recommended ?" Brown (trying one): "-What recomended'em, Bobineon; cheapness?" Xma> POOB,—" Ten "years ago, gents," he said, "I bad plenty of cash, bet I invested it all in land and now I am land poor." . " How much land do yoa own f" " Not an aore; it all went tor taxes." Hill: "So Miss Gadabout is engaged. Jove 1 she's been engaged to every fool in the place, I think. Who's" the laBt idiot ehe hooked?" Jinks: "Myself 1" Visitor (to proprietor ot iron foundry: 'You cast everyUucg here, I cuppoBet" Proprietor: " Everything, sir." Visitor: "Let me 6ee you cast a gloom." "If anybody was ever more pressed for time than I am I'd like to see him." " There'* such a fellow on exhibition at the nnseum." "Whois to?" u An Ee^tias aramD?." He (making an evening call); "Shall I sińg one more song. Miss Clara, before I 1", She: "I sbonld'be delighted, Mr. Sampson—er—ifyou think you have time." ."'Iam <>n .my way home doctor," eaid a .citizen,. who. wre after -some free advice, and I'm tired and worn out." What ouehi itotike?" »«»V' tqplied Ihe intelligent phy. To die and know that when men think o! yon Ho inspiration mil &rise;, bnt only ihe memory elfaarahneBB,órbatred.orfalseboofl,~ or pitjlesęiesa—tbat-inakes .death terrible. Baotfcersfiee. Lat your worts follow yon P®. • wsptang .power, : Speak trom " Ihe »vo|o »omfort,kiD^tradredeeiru . *n&de; tnaa brilliant ^sraaKwt^^ 