THE FEDERATION BILL. CRITICISING TKE CONSTI TUTION. ' Mr, Reid in Reply. An Enthusiastic Meeting. Straight Talk to the Premier. Mr. Dihhs' Programme. The Crab-like Constltutlon-What the Convention Had to Do— And What it Did— Mr. Barton's Ex- cuses Smashed— The Cham pion Losr-roller— The dill to be Kicked Out. The Protestant Hall was filled in every part la3t night to hear Mr. G. H. Reid reply, to Mr. Barton on tho Federation question. Shortly nf tor 8 o'clock the meeting became voryv impatient for tho appearance of the speaker, and Mr. Abigail, M.L.A., came forward to inform tho audience that Mr. Reid was only waiting for Sir John Robertson, who was a iittie rate. vv nen Cur John Robertson and the gentlemen who crowded the platform appeared they were mot by suoli an enthusi astic round of applause us seldom comes from any audience, a burst which was re newed with greater strength when Sir John Robertson, as chairman, briefly intro duced tho speaker to the meeting. Among thoso on the platform were : — Hon. J. Lucas, M.L.C., Messrs. Dibbs, M.L.A., F. Wright, M.L.A., Slattery, M.L.A., Ryrie, M.L.A., Traill, M.L.A., Hutchison, M.L.A. (Glen Innes), Bradley, M.L.A., Abigail, M.L.A., Levien, M.L.A. , Creer, M.L.A., Goodchap, M.L.A., J. C. Neilu, M'Laughlin, J. M'Elhone, and others. Al though occasionolly one or two noisy persons somewhat obtruded their objectionable pre sence, the hearing given to the speaker throughout his long address was magnifi cent ; and he frequently hud to pause till the applause which his sentiments evoked had died away. Mr. Reid, who was received with great applause, said when lie wanted to make a speech to the public of this great metropolis there was ono tiling he had never vet done, he had never found it convenient when he desired to address them to choose the de lightful little village of Manly for the pur pose. (Loud cheers.) Although he was sure there wore many men in the hall who dif fered with him on one question or another, he had always been aide to fight his oppo nents in such a way that lie had never in curred their dislike, and he would say that when the people were brought face to face with a great question which fixed tho destiny of Australia those who were able to bring them up to the brink of that tremendous change ought not to begin their crusade by 1 running away frcm tho people. (Loud cheers.) Many of them were present when he .endeavored to give them a description of the Constitution Bili, and likened it to a beau tiful balloon. He was now indebted to Mr. Barton for a still more true, if not quite as elegant, a definition of this bill when he called it a "crab." (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Barton was qnito correct, for take it as they would it would nip them. (Applause.) He was not so familiar as that gentleman — speaking, as he did, in a museum of natural history— with the family of tho crabs — (loud cheers) — but he had turned up the common dictionary for tho meaning of the term, and found that his hon. friend was eminently happy in his choice of a definition, because ho found that this term had three meanings. Tho first wa3 "a sour apple." (Loud laughter). Ho thought before Mr. Barton had . done with this great bill lie would find it one of the sourest of apples. (Lotul applause.) Then it lutd another meaning. It represented a sign in the heavens, and could they doubt, now that tlioy were approaching May 2-1, that a crowd of stars would fall from the sunshine of royal favor to decorate tho delegates. (Loud cheers.) It also had another moan ing. It indicated a uniqito sort of animal, which was neither happy in the sea nor in tho mud. And it was no doubt all claws, as they would find if they allowed it to take hold of them. (Applause. ) There was another thing about a crab — it could never go straight — ard that was also a good defini tion of the bill. (Loud cheers). Its advo cates could not go straight. (Cheers). His hon. friend, Mr. Barton, in trying to come to them, found himself botween the devil and the deep sea — in Manly. (Ciieers). Sir Henry Parkes — (groans and hoots)— Sir Henry Parkes— (groans) — another of the convention crabs, in trying to get at the heart of this great people found himself down at Hobart,— (laughter and groans) — then at Melbourne — (laughter)— and then at Ballarat. (Laughter). Mr. Barton made another attempt to get at tho. heart of the great people and found himself at. Armi- dale. (Loud laughter). Thero was another respect in which the bill resembled the crab. The crab had a neutral harmless tint until it was boiled, when it acquired a san guinary color, and lie believed that when they boiled this hill down it would become quito red enough even for Major-General Edwards. (Cheers). He would now ask them to go baolc with him a few years, to cast aside all thoso mists which were en veloping them, and go back to the time when instead of the craze for Federation they had a craze for Separation. Forty years ago Victoria denounced the evils of centralised government, and separated from this colony. Queensland next tore herself asunder from the patent colony. And look ing over this continent of Australia they found hero and there a trace of dissension, and they found that what to the superficial eye, and the man who pants for gold lace and grandour seemed insignificant to tho oyo of the nmn who saw the true springs of true national growth. Tho Premier tho other night quoted a line from Burko which fitted his (Mr. Reid's) argument admirably, " Change i»a sound of evil omen in happy cars." In spite of nil tho un friendly policies of the other colonies we in New Soutli Wales, in spite of misgovern- mont and neglect, the most ill-governed — (cheers)— and neglected community under the sun, had advanced in a remarkable manner. (Cheers.) Now the great burden was upon thoso who wished to bring ubouta momentous change. The right thing was done when delegates were appointed to the Convention, for they all wanted to know in what respect the Australian colonics could draw closer together. Thesedelegat.es were told to irnme a Constitution which would be on principles just to tho several colonies. That was tho keystone of tho whole thing. But if they had beon told to frame a Consti tution in which all the advantages should bo on one sido and tho sacrifices on tho other thoy could not havo succeeded better than they had done. (Cheprs.) Lot them look for a moment at tho position of the colonies. Mr. Fysli, of Tasmania, said they had met to enter into a com mercial partnership. Thore was a great deal of truth in that definition, and it seemed to him that in drawing up this deed of partnership the eloquence and rhetoric was on the sido of Now South IV ales and all tho good bargains on tho sido of tho other colonies. (Cheers.) Remarkable able and 'keen business men came from tho other colonies, they said as littlo as possible and did as much as they could, whilst our dele gates said as much as they could and did as littlo as possible. What was the supreme policy of Victoria? She had now grown beyond herself and wanted tho markets of the oljhor colonics,, and wanted to shut oin from tho markets cf tho other 'colonies, ovory country but herself. 'Wo, no and yes, yes.) That was what' intercolonial Free- trade with Protection ngpinst the outside world meant. (Cheers.) She wanted to lay hands on a largo part of fchjs country and commercially 'annex Riverimv-and she wanted, before her sun begins to set, to fix the capital of Aus tralia in Melbourne. The interests of Tas mania wero identified with Melbourne, so that in all great 'matters of Stato in tho Senate Victoria woull really have 10 votes instead of the eight w'eyould have. (Cheers.) South Australia was living on Broken Hill, and one tiling they wanted to prevent was the extension of rnilwnys from Sydney to the back country ofNew.South Wales. As for West Australia, slio was like the youngster dying to bo recognised as a man in his first pair of trousers. Next to Now South Wales Queensland was the most ' independent colony in Australia, and slio had the advantage of possessing'. a vory able Promicr, who told tho Convention that when lie got to London he was annoyed at being called , a colonial; So that when Queensland became a Stato lie would get tho title of statesman. (Laughter and cheers.) Ho was told that Sir Samuel Griffith had acquired tho reputation ofbeihg a Rudieai. Well, lie would say that if .the rankest official froniDowning-strcethad bqen chosen to draw up a bill for the reople V)f Australia ho could not have filled it more carefully with powers, taking tho Constitution back to the old days when i Downing-strect had so much to do with. Australia. (Loud cheers.) At Manly Mr. Barton did not touch oil this extraordinary \proposal. Perhaps lie thought the people would not see it. There wero two or three things which our delegates should, us busi ness men, have looked at. New South Wales was the most populous colony in the group, and in the days to come, with its great re sources, it was sure to bo infinitely the most populous colony. Therefore, our delegates should havo taken care chat tho two Houses of this new Parliament, which was to have such power to, affect our interests, should thoroughly represent tiie people of this country. The people's House in this Commonwealth should havo as great power as the House of Commons. Mr. Barton said that in the Constitution of New South Wales or the written Constitution of England thero was nothing to give the people's House the great powers it had, but those powers Mr. Barton knew wero unwritten law. As a matter of fact and practice the Upper House ' did not daro touch an appropriation bill or taxation bill. In this Constitution Act of the Commonwealth the matter should he stated definitely in the written Constitution, because it was a deed of partnership in which should bo embodied the vital points of tho people's charter. Those who, like Sir Samuel Griffith, ques tioned if responsible government would uct had so formed the bill that without altering tlio Uonstitution tliut form ot government could ho destroyed. When they had people \yho so strongly derided responsible government as some of the delegates they should bo all the more determined that responsible government should be indelibly fixed on any popular Constitution that they wero asked to approve of. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Parkes — (boo-hoo) — did one good tiling in introducing the resolutions. He put it in black and white, that the people's Houso should have the solo right to originate and amend money bills, and also that the Executive Council should consist of such persons sitting in Parliament, the term of whose ofliee must depend upon their possessing the confidence of tho House ot Representatives expressed by tho support of the majority. There tlio two great Con stitutional powers wero put in black and white. And thoso were tho only tilings on Wlllbll blluLU Wiln QllUIig ligllLlllg. xlll' \\_iUIl- vention know if thoy could give the Senato powers and placed responsible government in Queer street, they knew they would have command of the position. They fought liko bulldogs and tore those words out of the resolutions. Some ex tremists were not even satisfied with this. Tho Senates was given specific power to reject money bills, a power which the House of Lords would not dare to use. But this Convontion in black and white would give that power to a body in which provincialism will run rampant. It was a provincial Senate, with class representationfrom the dif ferent colonies. If the smaller colonies got these largo powers they got them to use. Tho House of Representatives was only to scud ' ono form of taxation in any bill to tho Senate, so that that body might reject? any taxation with which tlio smaller colonies might not agree. The Senate was above all to be given power to send back a bill with a schedule of amendments which it might desire to have made. When this com promise came up Sir Samuel Griffith, upon being twitted with not having stood by his principles that that body should have power of amendment in detail, said he did not think the principles ho had fought for were in the least degree departed from. He, tho clover draughtsman of tho bill, knew that under this other guiso tho smuli States had gob all they wanted. Mr. Bird, of Tasmania, had put it very clearly when ho said the concession was perhaps larger than some honorable members thought, and if tlio Senato was given definite power to amend money bills lie did not know if it would be any stronger than under tho provision as it now stands. Tho compromise then amounted to tiiis. If the suggested amendments of the Senato were not accepted then that body could rojeot any measure. Then what if a deadlock occurred ? Mr. Barton when asked that question, said that " You might as well ask mo what I am to do if I get a cold in iny head." Here was wonderful statesmanship. He did not daro talk liko that to the Con vention. In the Convention Mr. Barton stated that some some arrangement must bo made so as to prevent deadlocks. Ho saw the gravity of it then— but now tho machine was up it would bo a pity if it fell to pieces after all the trouble hud been taken. A few nights ago Sir Henry Parlies appeared at St. Leonards. (A voice : "And his wife?") Thero was a rule against gentlemen in blue appearing in uniform at political gatherings. But lie was told now that the Premier had become such a great man he never ventured abroad without a battalion of policemen. (Cheers and laughter.) Here then was tho grand old Liberal addressing a meeting of iiis own constituents which was bristling with policemen. Why didn't ho wait a night or two, and havo showed more strength in Ilia position ? No ! ho jumped into the situation to avoid having to answer the criticism that was sure to come. (Choors.) Ho would not waste tho timo of tho audience by dealing with Sir Henry Parkes' attacks upon him. The Premier was a very old man, and ho never knew any better. (Cheers. ) It was absurd for tliem to get angry with that old statesman, beoatiso lie looked upon them us so many pawns on a chess-board. When ho could removo them they were splendid men, and whon ho could not ho tried to get rid of t.Iiein, and whon ho could not get rid of them ho called them muddle-headed fratricides. (Loud cheers.) Thero were only a few months of life left to the present Parliament. (Loud and continued cheering.) It was on its last legs, and so was Sir Henry Parkes. (Re newed cheering.) Ho could tell them how to be suro that Sir Henry Parkes know when ho was approaching his political deathbed. Ho showed every sign of activ.o remorse, and trotted out on tho political stage all thoso ancient ghosts of broken political promises with which lie had fooled them for 20 years. (Loud cheers.) Was it not absurd for a man to insult their intelligence liko that? The Premier, finding that at tho laat election the contest between Frcc-trado and Protection was uncomfortably close, ' and that tho Free-trade ship was sinking — (loud cheers)— thought that if he could only jump overboard, swim to that other boat with tho namo "Protection," paint out " Protection " and paint on "Federation" he would bo safe. (Cheers.) Ho believed Sir Henry had lately been studying his memoirs — or perhaps ho had been con- structing his political epitaph— and had found ono lino missing— (a Voice : "Homo Rule")— viz., that he was tho father of the Australian Commonwealth. (Cheers.) If thero was ouo man who professed a con tempt for log-rolling it was the groat states man, but with reference to tho North Shore bridge ho was tlio champion log-roller of Now South Wales. (Cheers.) He had even written poetry about that bridge. (Laugh ter.) During tho general election when lie was a candidate tho Premier took hold of ono of Macaulcy's most celebrated poems, and this was wluit lie made out of it — In that straight path a thousand men may cross as soon us three, Now, who vill stand on my right hand and build that bridge with me? Out spoke tho bold electors, four thousand strong aro We'll all abide oil every sido and build the bridgo with thee. (Loud laughter.) That .was the biggest murmur of the biggest stream he had ever written poetry upon. (Loud laughter.). After six year3 an elector wantod to bring him to tlio point uiul asked him what stato tho plans and specifications for this bridgo wero in, and rearing his lofty head . with great contempt ho replied — "How can I tell tlio stato of things of that sort in ono of the Government departments." (Laughter.) Whenever ho talked about tho bridge they might know that thero Was a tight fight coming on. It was another of thoso straws which told them that the hour of trial was at hand. (Cheers.) . There was a mn who, if he believed in Federation, also told them that he was going to introduce a bill which would set them all by the ears in order to havo a radical Free- trade policy. Was it not nonsenso to talk about settling the tariff whon in a short timo all their tariff and Free-trade was to bo knocked on the head. (Cheers.) If he (Mr. Reid) as a Free-trader would not havo Pro tection "cvon whon our own farmers and manufacturers were concerned, was it likely lie was going in for it for tho benefit of Victorian manufacturers. (Cheers.) Ho would now remind them of a few of tlio words of a speech delivered by Mr. Munro in Victoria witli regard to tho calculations of that secret committee. Mr. Munro said : — "Tho rcBiilt of our calculations amounted to this. It was candidly admitted that if wo wero to have intercolonial Free-trade we must have a Customs tariff against tlio world outside. Then the question nrose, what would be the most just and equitable course to take looking at the matter from a Protec tionist point of view, and we came to the conclusion that the .only Protection tariff which could be adopted was the one which had been established for years and had been worked on a scientific basis in Victoria. There was nothing to which I so unhesitat ingly agreed as to this portion of the Con stitution, for I distinctly understood that when tho Federal Parliament met there would ho no danger to Victoria in regard to her tarijl. On tho contrary, I felt with a new market a new field would be open to our manufacturers ; for, at the present time, wo have to send our goods into tlio other colonics on the same basis as foreign countries. I saw that when Federa tion took place wo could send our goods to the other colonies without any outside com petition — that wo were masters of the situa tion." (Loud cheers.) Sir Thomas M'll- wraith — (groans, and crios of " tlio shearers ")— denounced this committee for suppressing a table that would havo given the people of this country valuable informa tion showing how this tariff would work upon tho trade of tlio colonies. That wifs suppressed, and what was the reason given for it? Mr. Burgess got up and ex plained the reason — viz., that Mr. M'Millan — (groans) — or, rather, that tho table if published, might give color to the rumor that Mr. M'Millan— (groanH)— had turned Protectionist. He had no hesitation in say ing that Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. M'Mil lan instead of being the champions of Free- trade had stabbed it to the heart. (Cheers.) Mr. Munro spoko of this compromise and praised it. YVIion the bill came boforo tho Convention he said, " Let us take tho ease of 2,500,000 people who ought to ho taxed for a particular purpose, and 250,000 people representing somo of the smaller Statos aro to have tlio power of preventing tliem from being taxed in a certain direction, the result will be that the power of preventing taxation in a certain direction will result in taxation in another direction, and tho minority will govern the majority." In speaking of jtlio bill Mr. Munro had re ferred to it as a tiling that " would restrict tho liberties of tho peoplo and was utterly unworthy of ac ceptance by a free people." That was his opinion of the compromise. Now let him quoto a few ominous words by Sir John Downer at tlio oloso of tho Convention. After Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Deakin, and Mr. Munro had indulged in a number of flattering remarks, Sir John Downor rose just before the curtain rung down, and uttered words which, if read by tlio people of Australia, must utterly destroy tho bill, because they would show that in this Convention amongst those men who made this wonderful Constitution there was ono party who understood tho meaning of tho vital matter of tho power of tho two Houses in one way, and another party who understood it in a diametrically opposite way. Sir John Downer spoke as an Attor ney-General, a Queen's Counsel, an able and straightforward man, and ho said : — " It would seem rather a graceless and un thankful thing to introduce into an atmos phere of such perfect harmony oven ono single note of discord, hut, while I intend to support the motion now before the Conven tion, and in tho future to do all I can to assist tho cattso of Australian Federation, I fear now, es I feared during the timo tho bill was in committee, that wo have not in every instance adopted tho best method ; that wo have not risen to that lofty sphere from which the hon. member, Mr. Deakin, addressed us just now, but that wn have voluntarily, with our eyes wide open, und understanding exactly tlio difficulties we llviu bl<,UiVUI|j| lllvlUUUVvU fyiu JJUS1 vlUllh all tU our new Constitution, which up to tho pre sent timo havo created much misunder standing, and must inevitably in tlio future produce discord. Tlio two great questions, which wero so much considered und discussed in committee, were the questions as to tlio position of tlio 'individual States, and tlio fiscal question. As to tlio first I can only say that, having listened most attentively to all that has been said by the lion, gentlemen who advocate tho bill as it stands at pre sent, and having had the advantago of con stant private intercourse with them, and also lof hearing both publicly and privately tho arguments in support of their conten tions, I still say unhesitatingly that tho clauses roferring to what have been called the Stato rights are distinctly intended nnd understood by one portion of tho Convention in one direction, and as distinctly intended and understood by another portion of the Convention in another direction, and I say that it is not a good tiling to begin that which ought aliovo all to be founded on per fect good faith and perfect mutual under standing with the introduction of a system which wo know perfectly well is differently interpreted by different minds, and which we know equally well is intended to ho worked out differently by different members of tho Convention." So ufter careful consideration in convention, after their secret committees, the Convention broke up with a bill which ono party read in ono way und another party read in another. It was fortunate that ono man of their number, rising abovo all temptations of concealment, one straightforward Austra lian statesman, should stand up as an honest man before tho Convontion sepa rated and tell tliem that this vaunted compromise was nothing but « delusion and a snaro— (loud cheers) — aiiil that instead of settling this vexed question it left tlio power to light it out in tlio futuro at tho people's expense. (Cheers). And when they turned to one of tlio men who proposed this infamous measure and asked for an explanation lie talked of a cold in tho head. ("Shame oil him"). If South Australia had Broken Hill and Victoria Rivcrina, they would not hear bo much about Federation from those colonies. EVen the Sydney Morning Herald,— ("boo-hoo") which supported the Convention, would not agree to the control of our railways being taken from us. But if they would look carefully at tlio bill thoy wduld sec how cleverly tho railways were takon from us. Under a clause dealing with equality of trade it was laid down — " Tho i'nrlinmcnt of tlio Common wealth may make laws prohibiting or annulling nny law or regulation made by any Stato having the effect of derogating from freodom of trade or commerce between the different parts of tho Coininonweatth." It was a beautifully worded clause, and it was a provision by which one-third of New -South Wales could bo parcelled out among Queensland, South Australia and Victoria under the most infamously unjust circumstances. When tlio hill was under consideration Mr. Gordon, of South Australia, honestly expressed his desiro to keep New South Wales trade, for South Australia wanted to prevent differential rates. (Hear, hear.) That was nil very well, hut if the other colonies wero to tnuko our railways worthless by taking away tlio trade for which the railways wefc intended, then they might provide also to pay sonic of tho debt — sonio of tlio expense tiiev left on our shoulders. (Loud cheers.) Sir Samuel Griffith told them that while the coniinittco of which Sir Henry l'arkcs and Mr. Barton wore members did not see its-way to recom mend such a general proposal as that tho Commonwealth should control the railway tariffs, it did seo its way to give power to the Commonwealth to annul any law or regulation which the States might pass, which would affect freedom of trade. If our representatives proposed in this way to give the control of our railways over to our rivals in trade they should let the people know how liingnili- coutly generous they were. (Loud cheers.) If our railways wero to be worked so that trade should be tnken to Melbourne, Bris bane and Adelaide then surely thoso colonies should rcconipenso New South Wales for tlio millions she hud spent on those railways. (Cheers.) When the other colonies talked of freedom of trade thoy meant that they wore to use the New Soutli Wales railways without paying a cent for them. (Cheers.) lie proposed to say a few words in conclu sion with reference to Mr. Barton's speech at Manly. Did tliey remombcr what lie said about that question of ono man one voto -(loud cheers) — which they were all getting so uneasy about. (Louil cheers.) What did Mr. Barton say about that ? He said : "One reason why he did not vote for the amend ment was the very reason why he brought forward his own, and that was that they should not dictate to a free people in what way they were to fix the franchise." (Groans,) It was not democracy or liberty to say tho franchise Bliould he this or that, but it was democracy or free dom to Bay: "Hero isyour charter, make your franchise for yourselves." This gentleman, who wanted to mislead those who wero in fuvor of "one man ono vote " by such lan- guage, was one ot thoso who drew up this Constitution, and who put into it that tlio people of Australia should not have a voice directly in the choice of a single senator in the .Senate of tho Commonwealth of Aus tralia. "The Senate shall be composed of eight inoinbcrs for each State directly chosen by the Houso of Representatives of the several States during a session thereof." He talked of these Housos as tho creatures of the people, but had put abso lutely in the Constitution a provision to tho effect that tlio people should never cast a voto for a senator, and that was tho man who was afraid to offend their delicacy by putting the "one man one voto" on tho faco ot both Houses of the Constitution. (Cheers.) There was another piece of delicacy on Mr. Barton's part, and that was shown in his telling tliem that they had no power to ovou suggest a capital for Australia. Tho govor- nuia ui uiu cuiujjiua wcru to uuciilti Oil uiu- site of the first Parliament, and tho Federal Parliament whon it met was to fix tlio site of tho capital. Thoy had actually left_ the question of fixing a provisional capital until it should bo fixed by tlio Federal Parliament. When they took so much from us, surely they could give the mother city of Australia — (loud cheers) — tlio honor at least of being tho provisional capital of Australia. (Loud cheers.). Could thoy wonder at tho exuberance of tho Uni versity youth whon this University senator displayed so much of tho symptoms of tiie intellectual larrikin? (Loud cheers.) Ho hud accused Mm of suppressing certain words in a clause of tlio bill. Such was u vile cliargo to make against a man, and, as lie had since shown, it was utterly unfounded. (Cheers.) It was advisable, Mr. Burton said, in tho Constitution, to leave room for the develop ment of a free people, and a free people would always develop in tho direction of freedom. What a miserablo copybook platitude ! Anil that was what ho (Mr. Reid) forgot. Ho should think lie forgot that when ho left the infants' school. (Laughter.) Then here was another spcci- meti'of this guardian of tho rights of tlio people of New South Wales. "They could not put in every littlo thing— such, for instance, as that Ministers Qhrmlfl elf. In "Pfivlitimntif. n n almiiLl l>n responsible to the people." Now, the heart of the liberties of the English peopio was in that littlo thing that the Queen's Ministers must sit face to face with the representa tives of the people, and should be sent about their business when tlio peoples' representa tives wore dissatisfied with tliem. In order to say that was a littlo tiling Mr. Barton must have forgotten a multitude of notorious fuct3 known to himself, He hud forgotten that Sir Henry Parkes moved as ouo of the bases of Federation that the Government should he responsible to Parliament. Mr. Wrixon had said that provision could not bo put in different words in tlio constitution of a commonwealth. It seemed to him that Mr. Barton liail lost his mental balanco in this matter. Tile opponents of the bill wore accused of being provinciulists. This Senate with its unworn r»f i-f'Tirn. scnting the minority was provincialism triumphant, and the men who would fight against tho Constitution deserved to rank with those heroes who won tho liberties which this Constitution would not give. Mr. Barton said tliey could force the Federal Parliament to pass u Federal tariff by pass ing a tariff hostile to the other States, but they did not want to bogin by fighting. (Cheers.) We wanted our rights guaran teed, und no one right was guaran teed, wliilo every sacrifice was made. It was also claimed for Victoria by Mr. Deakin that they should havo guarantees. Wo had left our ports and borders open to them whilst tliey had shut every inch of their borders against us, and notwithstand ing all this our representatives at the Con vention had forgotten our own interests. Mr. Barton's speech was a fine speech, but there was one mistake in it. He had taken up tho wrong brief. (Loud cheers.) Instead of taking up a brief endorsed New South Wales versus Victoria and the other colo nies, he had taken up a brief endorsed Vic toria versusNow South Wales — (cheers)— and had made an excellent speecli for tlio other colonies, and a very bad speech for his native land. (Loud cheers. ) Then, again, with regard to what lie had said of the death of Julius Ciusur ; if ho had turned up an edition of Shakespeare ho would have found a moral prefixed to tliut play— "A moral to tho ambitious." (Loud, cheers.) Human nature was weak amongst all thoso grand men who wero in that Convention. No doubt Federation opened a brilliant prospect, and if lie (Mr. Reid) studied his own personal advancement in life, lie might aspire even to bo a senator of tlio groat Commonwealth. But they might dangle allltlieso grand titles before his eyes, ho would tell tliem that this country of New Soutli Wales had made him what lie was, and he would always stand by it — (cheers)— und when it did tako its place in tho grand Commonwealth of Aus tralia it should bo on fair nnd level terms. (Ch'ecrs.) It should not crawl into this compact as if it had everything to gain, or whine as if afraid of being, left out in tho cold. (Cheers.) This country was too great. Naturo had stored it too richly. It wus too great a country to bo given up on theso (erins, and befor .Mr. Barton stated that ho could only keopsteptotho Common- wealth ho should wait until thero was a Commonwealth, because if there was none it would bo a goose-step of marking timo only. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Reid) was the only mail in the public life of this country who had never accepted a favor from Sir Ilonry Parkes. (Cheers.) Every Ministry Sir Henry Parkes had formed sineo ho (Mr. Reid) had entered political life lie might have had a place in if ho had accepted the offers. Ho anight havo been Attorney-General of this country threo times over. (Cheers.) He was a political failure, according to Sir Henry Parkes, becatiso lie would rather ho that than a political Aicccss as a colleague of iiis. (Loud cheers.) Now that Sir Henry Parkes had cast aside the only.banncr that hold his (Mr. Iteid's) support, lie felt, in politics, a freer, stronger and better man. .(Loud cheers.) Tliey had raised Sir Ilonry Parkes to tho position lie occupied, and what was his return to tlio colony which had done so much for him? lie- pointed to the colony on tho tnap and said, "Yon sec that thin patch? That is New South Wales." (Groans.) What (lights of imagination must fill the Premier's mind when ho pointed to the map of the country which he had so often cele brated with flights of grandeur, which had 'made him all lie ever was, and spoke of it us that thin patch. It was a grand country, prepared to deal generously with the others of tlio group in any union of a ntore or less intimate character, but it would not bo victimised or tie a party to a Constitution that was an outrage upon all the great piinciplcs of our liberties. (Loud cheers.) It was strange time these men who were defending this Constitution would go anywhurc— Manly, Hobart, Arnii- dale, Melbourne, Ballarat — rather than face tiie people of Sydney. (Cheers.) There wero three men who should have especially looked after our interest ill the Convuiition — Sir Henry I'arkcB, Mr. M'Millan and Mr. Barton. Mr. M'.Miilau said, "I cannot rise to the patriotism of New South Wales." Sir Henry l'arkcs laid aside their interest and would saerilico their liberties, and Mr. Barton could only say doggrel. He would not allow Sir Henry l'arkcs to travel to the other colonics telling them that New South Wales would adopt this Constitution. (Loud and continued cheering.) Before Par liament liad met many hours lie would bring Sir Henry Parkes up. Ho would not say iiis Government, bo- cause none of thorn had tho courage to publicly approve of tho kill. But lie would bring Sir Henry Parkes to the bar of the House with his bill, nnd nsk the repre sentative of tho people to tell Australia at once that they need not expect us to comply with this insulting demand of the Conven tion, to take the bill as it stood. (Tumul tuous applause.) IIu would invite the Legislative Assembly to pass a speedy judgment upon that bill, and if tlio result was to bring about an appeal to tlio country lie was suro that tho bill would, by tlio people, tie torn to aureus. (Loud and con tinued cheers.) Mr. Reid then asked for a voto of tho meeting on the bill, with the result that every hand in the crowded hall wa3 held up in opposition to tlio measure. Mr. J. H. Want, M.L.A., said that if Julius Caisar was dead a few days ago lie was buried to- night. Tliey would agree tliey were under a debt of gratitude to Mr. Reid for his dissection of this gross treachery. If Mr. Reid was followed by a few more tlio peoplo of tho other colonics would see that ho was echoing the voice of the colony. He proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Reid. Mr. Dinns, M.L.A., seconded tho motion. Whon tlio Houso met ho would support Mr. Reid in his notion. Ho would he prepared to sink all other issues— fiscal or otherwise — until they had dealt with this evil tlint luirunruncu mew oouiu vvaics. >v lien mat question was finally settled they would pro ceed to deal with the difficulties withintlicir own boundaries in the manner which tho majority of tho peoplo decided was liest. Ho would Biipport Mr. Iioid in his attempt to crusli the bill. Mr. A bio ail, M.L.A., attempted to ad- dress tho mooting, but was not allowed a hearing, nnd tho mooting closed with cheers for tho chairman. 