MR. DAVITT INTERVIEWED. In a conversation with a journalist, oa board the vessel in which he left for nebec, Mr. Davitt explained that bis S ip round the world i* undertaken solely ijn account of his health. Ho i« suffering ^ora a chcst affection occasioned by Kilkenny contest, and be has been told by his doctor that he must live for six or eight months in a dry climate. Ho intends to pay a brief visit to the States and then to go to Vancouver, and thence to Yokohama, and afterwards to Australia. Mr. Davitt hopes to be home in time to take an active part in the general election, which, however, be does not expect to take place for another year and a half. Asked whether he thought there was any chance of a reconciliation in the Irish ranks, he replied—" Not on this side of the general election." ; He thinks that after the election, when Mr. Parnell finds himself with simply the ghost of a following, his party will see the. necessity for reuniting the National ranks. He anticipates • that Mr. Parnell's followers will be opposed in every constituency by the followers of Mr. M'Carthy, and that the former will be practically wiped out of the J»nd—that not more than four or five will sur Considering the former relations of ^e tw0 men » there * s a certain melancholy interest attaching to Mr. Davitt's opinion . f*™ e1 }' Mr. Davitt believes that nl ls late leader e action in regard to the Latu' 1 Bill is thoroughly dishonest- Mr. Parnell is supporting a Bill now which he denounced last year as a fraud aJ" 1 a swindle. What he is doing now is nOt for the purpose of benefiting the Irish, tenants, evicted or otherwise, but to embarrass the National representation and to curry favour with the Tories- He wants the support of the Tories it* Ireland at the next general election. It is only with their assistance that he can hope to get himself returned for Cork." Mr. Davitt repeated with great emphasis that Mr. Parnell had become an impossible leader, that he was the author of the trouble, and that it was in his power at any moment to unAo it olL 