CHAPTER XV. Seven years ago the reader caught a momen tary .sight of one M. Vergueil, standing in a brown study at the door of Misseri's Hotel in Constantinople. This gentleman was a figure in the police idepartment of Paris and enjoyed ' a, high reputation both for astuteness rvnd good fortune. But like others amongst the'astutest and the happiest, he found one thing denied him and he so puzzled over the one case which baffled his intelligence that his failure in that respect left a drop of gall at the bottom of every cup of success he quaffed. The govern ments of three or four countries^ had unitedly agreed to leave in M. Vergueil's hands the investigation of a series of railway robBeries. He- had started on his work with something like certainty, and bit by bit his case had melted away between his fingers. It became a forlorn hope in the first six months and M. Vergueil became a man with a grievance. He laid nands on scores of notorious criminals, he had brilliant successes by the dozen, but he had made nothing whatever of the great railway robberies and his disaiipointment clouded him. M. Vergueil's business had brought him to London. Forged notes of the Bank of France had been put in circulation at Monte Carlo and Spa pretty extensively, and had been dropped here and there in small quantities in the great cities of Europe. The imitation of the hundred-franc note was so admirable that only an expert could be relied upon to detect the difference between it and the actual issue of the bank. M. Vergueil's enquiries had led him to the belief that the seat of the forgery was in England, and both in lighting upon the original track and in following it up he had so . far been blessed with even more than his usual good fortune. He had taken up his headquarters at the Westminster Hqtel, and sitting in his room immersed in thought over a cigarette and a glass of sugared water he found himself awakened by the living accents of a voice which was at that moment speaking to his fancy's ear. "Mr. Ronald Morton," said the voice. " M. Vergueil set his whole soul in his ears and listened. He might hear nothing worth the hearing, but on the other hand he was a gentle man who never missed a chance and he was peculiarly anxious to know all that could be known of the owner of this particular voice. The room in which he sat ana that in which the conversation was going on communicated by a door, which was for the present locked on one side and bolted on the other. M. Vergueil noiselessly kicked off his. slippers, and crossing the room with a cat-like nicety of tread, dropped on his knees with his ear at the key- hole, and so stayed. The watchful grin upon his face was a study for intentness, but every now and then as the conversation went on the mere ghost of a smile flickered across it, and at the mention of Mr. Gilfoil's name his eye sparkled brightly for a single second. In liis eagerness to hear he hardly dared to breathe, and to let his breath go silently he clenched his teeth with his lips drawn away from them in a curiously ghastly smile. When at last Heaton addressed his interlocutor as Mr. William Reid the detec tive gave such a start that his head came into contact with the door knob, and for a little while between his rage at his own clumsiness, his fear that he had betrayed a listener's pre sence, and the actual physical pain of the blow, he lost knowledge of what was going on. The next thing that came clearly to him was the gallant captain's noisy and defiant "Good morning." He heard the door open and close, and listened to the footsteps in the corridor, and hastily snatching up a pair of boots in order to have some ostensible reason for quit ting his chamber, he dodged cat-like to the head of the stairs and peered after Messrs. Hump and Heaton. He withdrew his head swiftly as the captain looked about him and glued himself to the wall of the corridor. There was a little silence between the pair and the detective's strained ears caught tho rustle of paper only. Then he heard Heaton's voice saying " That's all, my boy. That was the number of the bond on the top of the pile. They were lying on his table." M., Vergueil admitted to his detractors that he was lucky. He had a little satiric habit among them of attributing all his success to the unbought blessings of fortune, but as he , walked; quietly back to his room he owned that " no such stroke of luck as this had ever come to him. .He had given William Reid up this half-dozen years, had abandoned him with grief and wounded pride. He had longed for him as men only long for the unattainable; aid being a person of a quick and vivid tem perament had sometimes gritted his teeth in sudden rage at the manner in which he had been evaded. And now the delightful, un hoped for, unattainable thing, the fabled bird of contentment whom men follow for ever and who will not allow himself to be taught, came to him without even a. call and perched upon his hand. The eminent detective was happier than if he had heard that some dead mil lionaire had bequeathed him all his belongings. He sat in his own room smiling radiantly, a,nd gripping one hand with the other, as if he were shaking hands with himself in a delighted self-congratulation. Ho listened for the movements of the next room's occupant and allowed his mind to play about him in charmed speculation. It was no wonder that he had not been able to ti&ck; William Reid into the wildest fastnesses of Asia. It was not at all- remarkable now that no attempt had been made to place the stolen bonds upon'the market. William Reid had left them in safe keeping that Ronald Morton might, after long lapse of time, withdraw them. He could not keep out . of bis mind a grim respect for the man with whom he would nave to deal. It was no common little scoundrel who had buried himself for seven yeara iri the earth's darkest places to build up a barrier be tween himself and justice. M. Vergueil's blood flushed at the fancy. He loved a worthy adversary, and the man seemed to him to have played a giant game. His heart warmed towards him. He sat in resolute patience for hours, scarcely moving and insensible to weariness or ennui. Patience met his reward at last and his neigh bor went away, locking his door behind him. He looked from his own chamber door and caught sight of the stalwart retiring figure. He had remarked this noticeable neighbor of his before; and something in the square set of the shoulders and the poise of the head struck him anew, " He will be a fiend when I come to deal with him," said M. Vergueil to .himself. He followed him calmly down the stairs to make.sure of his disappearance from the hotel, and lingering on the notel steps with a pretence of consulting some memoranda which he drew . from his pocket he heard tho eminent traveller call a cab. " Where to, sir ?' " The Fancy Fair, Albert Hall." "We are beginning to lose our native modesty," said M. Vergueil, smiling to him self, "and to go a little into society." . With that ne turned with an elaborate air of having forgotten something and marched briskly up the stairs. A3 he went he drew from his pocket a bunch of keys calmly, selected one, and went on dangling it between liia thumb and finger. He walked t» Roland Morton' roomt arid with the insolwctf and aplomb begotten of long service unlocked the door, passed through,'and secured it by tlm bolt on the other aide. He took a survey of the place. A portjuanteuu Btood in one corner of the room, and dropping on his kuee3 "bssida it ' Jie selected from his bCmeh of passkeys o.ia tJmfc looked likely for the purpose ant! tried it in the lock. "That will be a work of time," he said. " The lock is a patent. Very well, I will try elsewhere first.' The lock of the wardrobe offered uo diffi culty, and there before him 011 the middle lay a great pile of Austrian bonds. He tfimle'.t placidly and drew from his pocket a ramifo randum book,-on one page of which wan pasted a slip of newspaper. He consulted the cutting and the number of the topmost bond. Then fx* smiled anew, more placidly even than before, and- extracting a single sheet from the middle ? of the pile he folded it deliberately and put it into his breast pocket. . ' . ' Next he relocked the wardrobe, walked to the door and listened there for a moment, and slipping out to the corridor was in his own, room in a twinkling. He stayed there but a very.little while, drawing 011 his gloves with a ' thoughtful look. ?' "That will do," he said. "I can enlighten Mr, Frost at once. He can be trusted to hold his tongue until tlio proper momen^ and he haw waited long and patiently onough to deserve a little hope. He walked down stairs, ordered a cab, and being driven to Park-lane alighted at the entrance of a mansion there, and tendering hit card, asked for Mr. Frost. Mr. Frost was not at home, but M. Vergueil extracted from tho footman the intelligence that his master had gone to the fancy fair that day opened at the Albert Hall. Thither M. v ergueil pursued him, and after a prolonged wandering about the hall found the object of his search. Th» detective was not a man who permitted himself easily to be surprised, but for the moment he was knocked all abroad by an unexpected coin cidence. Mr. Frost was engaged in animated converse with no less a person than Ilouald Morton. After the first shock of surprise tins lent a certain piquancy to the situation to hi* mind. (To be continued., 