SHOWING HOW HARD-EARNED SAVINGS VANISHFD IN A CAJSTER. I have a friend who is a newspaper mac and a bit of a cynic. £ met him upon the steps of the Aetor House one afternoon last week. He was in a diseoureive mood and the subject of his discourse was luck. Something had gone wrong with him, and he was eaying things about his lack that would not look well in print. - He moral ized thus : — 'There are two kinds of euperetitiooB persons — religious persons and gamblers. What the religions man attributes to Provi dence, the gambling man attributes to luck. The scientific man says there is do lock, and the - late Richard A. Proctor wrote columbus about draw poker to prove it, and then died of yellow fever. £ don't pretend to know anything about the matter, except that things go awfully contrary sometimes. And that reminds me of a story. ' Do you remember Dr. S , that horse-racing editor? No. Well, he was widely known in his day. I don't think a man's wife ought to be too hard on him. He may not be driven to open rebellion but he is apt to wish he had not married. Now, the doctor's wife was pretty hard on him in one way. She used to come down to the office : every pay-day and make him hand over hie salary to the last cent. Then every morning before he started out she would give him enough money for car fare and a light lunch. 'Still, the doctor managed to keep a cheerful countenance in public, and by dint of adroit financiering and careful betting— fer he was a bit of a eport — to lay by a snug little sum which he had in bank en tirely unknown to his wife. Though there is no telling how he ever got his first dollar to bet, unless he borrowed it, he was on the whole pretty lucky, and he kept adding to the fond in the bank until it reached a trifle above $1,300. If I had been the doctor I never would have allowed the balance to hang about that unlucky num ber 13. I would hare stopped at 12 and waited until I could make it 14 or 15. But perhaps he did not think of that. 'Well, one day during the season at Monmouth Park, after the doctor had placed his own little stake on a sure thing, he eat in the reporters' stall waiting for the first race to start. The horses had not yet come to the post when a boy tapped him on the shoulder and said that a lady on the grand; stand wanted to see him. The doctor looked in the direction indicated by the boy and was dismayed to see his wife. She had never to his knowledge attended a race before, and he was even yet doubtful whether he was gazing at the real woman or an apparition. But she beckoning to him with more vigor than could be expected of a ghost, so he got out of the stall and went to her as fast as possible. « - Why, my dear, this is an unexpected pleasure,' began the doctor, but his wife checked him by saying : ' Oh, shut up ! I want to ask you something about the race.' ' Then as the doctor shut up she con tinued : ' Is there a horse to start called Impecuniosity ?* ' ' Yes, my dear ; but why do you ask ?' ' ' Well, here is a $5 bill ; I wish you would go and buy me a ticket on Impecu niosity.' ' The doctor thought his wife had gone crazy. She, who all their married life bad preached to him against the sin of gambling, to actually bet on a horse race. Impossi ble i She was only laying a trap for him. He coughed slightly and said : ' ? My dear, I'm a Utlle surprised at your fancying this kind of a joke — .' Then, see ing there wae no joke in the expression of her face, he shifted his ground thus : ' But if you really want to ? / ' ' Don't be a fool, but go and do what I tell you !' said his wife with decision, render ing further argument impossible. ' Once out of her sight the doctor re covered his composure and argued the matter out as follows : ' Impecuniosity can't win ; consequently money placed on him is thrown away. It will be better for me to keep this money and put it in the next race on a horse that has some show of winning. I'm really $5 in.' With which comforting reflection he returned to the re porters' stall, nodded affirmatively to his wife and sat down. ' The horeee came to the post and etarted. It was a big field, and when they whirled into the stretch opposite the grand stand, several were bunched in the van, others were in a ruck in the middle, while the teBt tailed on behind, and it was impossible to tell which was ahead. Then the leaden swung around the last curve and came down the homestretch neck and neck. But when they passed the outer limit of the crowd a cry went up that froze the marrow in the doctor's bones and sent little shafts of ice to his extremities. It was Impecuniosity. ' And that was what it really meant for the doctor, for there had been only two or three tickets sold on the deceitful brute, and mutuals paid $1,300 for $4. He met his fate like a man. That night when hiB wife asked him for the money he said the crowd had been too great, about the pools for him to get the ticket cashed, but he would get the money in town in the morn . ing. Next morning, as eoon ae the bank was opened, he drew out his $1,300 and took it to the office, where his wife wae waiting for him. '' Now, what do you call that, luck or Providence, or in the language of the poet, ' direction which thou canst not see ?' ' Holloway'b Pills are eecuritiee of health to all nations in whatever clime. They have given hope, relief, and comfort to millions. In constitutions debilitated by excesses of any kind, or in general pros tration of the ejetem, their effect is tonic and reetorative. They eradicate from the system the moral cause of ailment, and re new in the frame its pristine animation, health, and vigor. They greatly increase the appetite, give tone to the stomach, assist the digestion, and impart elasticity to the spirits ; their essence enters the circula tion, and carried through its course exerts its cleansing power over every organ. In the lnngs they effect most striking changes, converting the impure venous into pure arterial blood, by which the whole frame is recruited and interstitial deposits re moved. ' Mamma, do you know, now that we are engaged, I sometimes actually get tired of George's being everlastingly about the honee every evening, as he is.' 'Don't iet that worry you, my dear ; marriage will cure him of that little fault, along with many others.' Mollie: ' I wonder how the expression * an arm of the sea1 originated ?' Harry, with a tender look: 'Perhaps somebody noticed it hugged tbe shore.' 