HAMPTON COURT. Its History and Romances. With, the exception of Windsor, there is in England no such historical relic as Hampton Court Palace. From the time when the Knights Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem held a Preceptory at Hampton Court to the days of George III., there are memorials accessible in sufficiency for the reconstruction of those historical incidents which give vivid interest to the surroundings With Wolsey's courts and the remnants of his chambers we associate the proud Cardinal in his days of splendour. The vain-glorious state there hold under his rule contrasts with his fallen greatness when the ambitious Minister departed broken-hearted, shorn of his dignities and his revenues from .thejumptuous palace he had reared. to please his overwhelming love of ostentation. There Henry VIII. courted his successive wives, and, planned his own simple methods of supplanting them. Edward VI. was born there, and it was at Hampton Court that the aspiring protector, Somerset, met with his overthrow. " Philip and Mary there spent their honeymoon, and the disappointed Queen's hopes of an heir were there brought to naught. Elizabeth's history is closely connected with the palace. It was there she arrived as a prisoner, to be judged by her sister, the Queen; father, too, carne suitors for the hand of the Princess, whose suits were not destined to prosper ; the fate of Mary Queen of Scots was decided at the commission hold therein. James and his Queen, Anne of Denmark, there held high state, with courtly masques, revels, and hunting parties; and it was here that Prince Charles's matrimonial negotiations with the Infanta of Spain received their quietus. Hampton Court was no blissful abode for Charles I he there quarrelled with and dismissed Henrietta Maria's French suite; thither he came later on during the misfortunes which had over- thrown the royal cause, the mere prisoner of the men he had taken up arms to crush, and from thence he was ill-advised enough to make that escape which finally led him to the scaffold. Then came the Commonwealth, with Hampton Court, happily re- prieved from being sold, reserved ultimately as the family residence of my Lord Protector; there lived Oliver Cromwell, as regards his peace of mind hardly more fortunate than his royal predecessor ; harassed with plots and threatened with assassina- tion ; there did old friends forsake him, and stern Puritans proach against the Protector, till Cromwell fell sick and went thence to die. Under his son Richard's brief tenure the palace was again to be sold, but so, it was, instead, refurnished to make way for the gay doings of the Restoration, for the Merry Monarch and his following of repro- bales. There had Catherine of Braganza her unhappy honeymoon; there flaunted the king's mistresses, and made the life of the young Queen a bondage of misery to herself ; thither for security of health came Charles II. and his disreputable court to seek safety during the ravages of the plague, and there was unravelled the i Rye House Plot. With the Revolution, the flight of James II., and the arrival and settlement of William III., arose fresh glories for Hampton Court ; the Palace to be transmogrified according to the taste of the day, and the grounds to be made as much as possible a reminder of the environs of William of Orange beloved Dutch palace ; there we find William do lighting in his gardens, his sober pleasures, and Queen Mary in her bower at needle- work with her maids. After the Queen's death was the abortive plot formed to seize the Orange King on his way from Hampton Court and tranship him to France. It was in Hampton Park that William's horse, Sorrel," tripped over a mole hole, fell down on his knees, throwing his rider, and break- ing the monarch's collarbone, which, though reset at Hampton Court Palace, was the cause of Nassau's end. There too did gentle Anna " sometimes counsel take and sometimes tea, her weak mind worried by the scheming of favourites, and surrounded by the deep intriguers of her day, who wished for nothing better than to bring back the Pretender to her throne." Thither, too, resorted the Georgian sovereigns, emulating Tudor and Stuart monarchs ; there George 'II. courted Mrs. Howard and Mary Bellenden, and galloped about with the ladies-in-waiting. Truly a palace peopled with phantoms of historical personages. Nor is traditional lore lacking, as he seems so ancient and time-honoured a fabric; there are legendary prophecies, of curious character, prognostications which might be held to have been fulfilled, if only their origin had the desirable qualification of being sufficiently authenticated to merit the credence of later generations. The prophecies are necessary apocryphal, but do not lack ingenuity. One of these is alleged to date back to the epoch of the evil days which befel the founder of Hampton Court Palace. The Prior of Eshor's prophecy when the Cardinal left the great gateway at Esher for York, the last journey Wolsey took there From Christ ere seventeen hundred years he sped Whitehall shall see her Monarch lose his head ; And Cardinal, Chino own Hampton's Royal towers Shall pass three times to three usurping powers, Well ruled by fate, thy five broad courts were planned, Five types by five sad changes of command. a Another forecast, equally unauthenticated with its predecessor, is called " The Chaplain's Prophecy," and especially concerned itself with General Monk and his share in the restoration. This was failed fully attributed to the last Catholic chaplain of Hampton Court. Father Prout, Queen Mary's confessor, finally dismissed by Queen Elizabeth when she inherited the crown : From th' Hospitaller's stone-cased cell, Prayers rose to Heaven 'gainst Satan's spell, And Heaven approving loved them well. And prisons down, and Knights overthrown, This gorgeous palace still shall own , A Monk to raise the shattered throne. From prophecies to wraiths is an easy transition ; possibly it lends an additional interest to the palace in the eyes of believers in the supernatural that the ancient rooms and passages are credited with the extra charm of historical ghosts. Henry VIII. certainly must be allowed the credit of being the right sort of monarch to raise phantoms, and it is hardly a matter for surprise that evidence has at times been given to the rumour that the perturbed spirits of certain of his victims have haunted the scenes of their former habita- tions. For instance, there is the legend that Lady Jane Seymour, whose indulgence for the Prince proved fatal to Annie Boleyn, has been seen in spectral form, clad in white, and bearing a lighted taper in her hand, performing a pilgrimage in the Queen's old apartments. The unhappy Queen Catherine Howard-who, after her doom had been settled, was dragged away by the guards at the moment she vainly sought to reach her husband, conveniently absorbed in his devotions in the royal closet of the chapel has been asserted still haunts the scene of this tragic episode; a spectral form clad in white her countenance, expressing ghastly despair, approaching, the door of the royal pew, and hurryihgïH-ence, giving utterance to unearthly shrieks,' which have made night terrible. Another supernatural visi- tant is the alleged ghost of Mrs. Penn, nurse to Edward VI. This lady's bones having been disturbed her spirit is reported to have haunted the rooms she in her life occupied, there to work her spinning wheel, a terror to beholders, her tall form clad in a long gray robe, and on her head a hood, later alleged spiritual appearances pertain to the Stuart epoch. For instance, it is related that in the corridors the ghost of Lord Stratford appeared to Monk (thou Colonel) and Charles I., prophesying that Monk was the one destined to raise the son of the doomed King, whose fate was thus foreshadowed. The spectre of Strafford must he regarded as the family wraith of the Stuarts, since, on equally unsubstantial grounds, it is said that a short time before the death of Charles II. the ghost con- fronted" the Merry Monarch, who thence forth was merry no more, in the corridor adjoining the chapel. After this apparition the King's demeanour altered, and within a brief period he had the apoplectic seizure which terminated his career. Of such nature are the fanciful traditions which, from time to time, have been associated with Hampton Court, wherein fiction runs side by side with sober history. The palace and grounds are a lasting evidence of "Wolsey's greatness, wealth, and splendour. In the arrangement of his palace the Cardinal showed- his universal genius. "With princely magnificence he here entertained his Sovereign, princes, and ambassadors during the meridian of his glory. The splendid surroundings, which the Cardinal had raised for his "personal glorification, had possibly their influence in precipitating his fall. Wolsey's diplomatic generosity in surrendering that which it was both dangerous and hopeless to endeavour to retain, is founded on the popular tradition that when the King, with unmistakable signs of jealousy and displeasure, demanded " Why he had built so magnificent a house for himself as Hampton Court?" Wolsey adroitly,, replied, " To show how noble a palace a subject may offer to his Sovereign." The King at once accepted the offer, and the lease of the manor of Hampton Court Was surrendered into his hands. With the palace was included all its costly furniture, tapestries, and plate-forming assuredly the most magnificent gift ever made by a subject to his Sovereign. Henry's tenure of the palace was marked by fresh splendours; new buildings were raised, the galleries redecorated, and everything done to make the buildings and gardens suitable to the royal taste for magnificence. At Hampton Court the King determined upon divorcing Queen Katharine of Arragon, and summoned there, in 1580, an assembly of clergy and lawyers, including the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord Chancellor, " to ascertain whether in virtue of the privilege possessed by this kingdom, parliament could and would enact that, notwithstanding, the Pope's prohibi- tion, this cause of the divorce should be decided by the Archbishop of Canterbury." Meanwhile Anne Boleyn was installed in a suite of apartments superbly furnished for her accommodation, and was assigned a retinue of attendants? while her royal lover presented his favourite with costly jewels, and-spent large stores upon the becoming adornment of "'his own darling." "With Lady Anne at this period the King passed a great part of his time-riding out with her, playing at bowls, shooting at the target, walking in the park, and strolling in the gardens. Joseph Gregg in the Graphic. 