THE MSLB& DIVORCE CASE. The South Australian Advertiser's London correspondent gives tho following particulars of this much talked of oaae:-"A great deal of sensational nonsense has, no doubt, been cabled to Australia during this l&3t week con cerning the Armstrong divorce suit. The plain truth is said to be as followsWhen Mr. Armstrong came from Australia Madame Melba made a desperate attompt to live with him. His tastes and habits were entirely anti pathetio to hers. Still she tried, aa she explains, to be nice, and far a short time life ran fairly smoothly with the re-united couple, When, however, tho novelty of being ft t prima donna's husband wore ^ ,,, p'e, " constantly, she alle*- ^ treftQ t m vZv Melba end""-' - "i-"eateu Dei. loor i,:»t ...ea it as long as she could, ...,"ing the fuss and soandal of legal proceed ings. But seven or eight weeks apo things came to a crisis, aud Mrs. Armstrong instructed Mallcson & Malleson, her solicitors, to file a potition for judicial separation on tho ground of cruelty, Armstrong bns retaliated with a petition for divorce, making tho Duke of Orleans co-respondent. This is really, Melba'a friends say, a piece of the merest brag, They know the truth about the duko. In pure Belfian thoughtlessness he compromised her abomiu ably ia public. There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows-nobody better that he has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery, Melba is a passionless woman, wrapt up in her art. All her life, ell her energy, all her all are iu it, The young duke's adoring ndmiratiou tickled! her vanity at first. Ho followed toy ftimt every whwj lining to lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping up greedily any kindly word she threw at him, Moat prima donnas are troubled with a follower or followers of this description, If the young mau had not been the Duke of Orleans no one would have noticed him, At Vienna madam received the duke at her hotel occasionally, and let him eacort her once to the opera when she was not playing, This evening's entertainment was a aeriouB indiscretion from an Austrian point of view, and led toacaudal. The Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the front of the duke's box tho ladies of the court circle withdrew, When Melba lentnb tho significance placed on this incident she was greatly annoyed, and upon the duke following nc-r to St, Petersburg alio got the Czar to intervene and order him off, Tl^e young man seemed bent, however, on playing the fool, and presently actually ventured'to Paris to see and hear the prima donna, T^ie absurdeat stories were current at this time. (One paper declared the duke was in Melba'a house disguised as butler | another that she had concealed him in het boudoir. When, however, the police aotually did pay madame a domiciliary viait they found not an indication of his royal highness having been there, The sole auspicious fact was. that Melba declined to aay whether she had or had not seen her friend in Paris. Armstrong had had two deteotiveu and a solicitor rummaging ih Vienna foe the last fortnight, but without touch result, The allegation in tho"petition ia that Melba committed adultery with tho Duke of Orleans in Sachzer'a Hotel, Vienna, on February 20, the latter figuring as M, de Villiera, The proprietor, according to Arm* strong, admits Melba came there, but blandly denies she was accompanied by the Orleanlst prince, The Duke of Orleans was warned ten days or more ago that an attempt was about to be made to serve him with a citation as co-respondent In the divorce suit, and his servants had been ou the alert for suspicious strangers, At St. Johann, in Moravia, where the prince was staying with Baron Hirsch, several stratagems were tried fruitlessly, On Wednesday morning, however, as he arrived at Vienna, hia Royal Highness got neatly caught, Two gentlemen in evening dress asked leave to present a bouquet and petition as the duke stepped from the railway oarriage, He handed the flowers to a secretary, and opened the peti. tion, whioh was neatly tied with ribbon, No sooner, however, did "Victoria, by the grace of God," reach his eye, than he realised what had happened, and flinging* the paperB from him, cursed the rapidly-retreating form of the process-server with fluency. It subsequently transpired Armstrong claims £'20,000 damages, | Melba'a fate now, to a great extent, depends on the reality of her royal friend's friendship, If | he submits himself to the ordeal of the witness, box, all will be well. If; however, his Royal Highness ia too lazy or too proud to do so the | jury will almost certainly assume the wor»t," 