mmammmmm — wr"i Strike Sketches.— II. MILITARY "MUSI 7." By Oub "Special" in isb Csntbal Dktbiot.V There is a story told of a groat philosopher who was placed in a prison by ono of the playful autocrats of tho oldon days. There were two large windows iu this prison, easily aooessible from tho floor, and both were left wide open, so that to obtain his roloase the man of thought had only to step out and ho ones more enjoyed the free air of H«avon. When plsoed in tue cell tho philosophor heaved him a grest sigh, sat down on his hard stool, placed his head between his hands, and began to doviBO methods of cseapo. Many days ho sat thus thinking ; thinking of all tho intrioate methods whioh could suggest themselves to a philosophical mind. At last, alter many weary days, he began to undermine bis prison. A yokel came by, looked in at tho open window, and inquired the reason of tho strange pro ceeding. " Why," answered tho man with a preponderance of gray matter, " do you not see that I am trying to osospB?" "Then why not step out of tho window f" asked the rustic. The philosopher opined his eyes wide, looked at the open win dows, and stepped out muttering, " I really never thonght of that." Philosophers are pre sumed by the uninitiated to bo wise, while it is novor demanded of a man of war that before sticking his sword into an enemy he shall de monstrate to the satisfaction of the oxamining hoard his capability of proving tho utterunfit- nesB ol things, or understanding the intrioaoios of the atomio theory as propounded by tho Greoions. It is, thorefore, Bomuwhut sur prising that military boroea should follow very closely in the footsteps of philosophers in general, hut more particularly in the marks loft by the feet of that illustrious man, of whoso wonderful wisdom tho above incident in his career is sufficient to provo to intelligent and appreciating posterity. And yet that is what really took pluoo on the journey from Rook hampton to Emerald, sitor an admiring crowd had cheered tbemeolves hoarse in their en deavours to thow the Queensland Volunteer Rifles and the Moreton Regiment that their country had got its ey o upon thorn. The pilot en gine with a shrill whistle was off, and 10 minutaB later the military train moved out of.the station. The officers wore placed iu a ourriuge whioh was apparently ton small to allow of euy thoughts of wooing tho drowsy god that night, so eaoh attempted to make kim'eclf us comfort able as possible under tho ciroumstauoos. Tho battle of Waterloo may be quoted as tarnishing a precedent for what followed. Men may be men of iron, they may treat shoarars rifles with scorn and oast ignominy and contempt upon the cannon's ni nth. They may pant eager for the fray or for " swanky" or anything elao whioh is dangerons to lifo, but the sternest men of history had moments when they uubeut, when to the admiring gnze of_ the world they beoamo as ordinary men. So it was aith tho heroes who, cooped up in a email railway car riage, rushed on through the darkness and the storm to where glory awaited thorn. Before the fate-deoiaing strugglo oi Nupol-ou " There was a Eound of revelry by night " Wh .t better precedent could be follnwoJ P Beforo the mighty battle of Baroaldine, th«ro should ho not only a sound of revelry by night but by morning as well. So the stem mandate wont forth, and the. night Wis devoted to Orpheus instead of to Mars. The Ioufly lengthsman in bis bark humpy was startled by ptraugo weird oriea as the train rnibed on through the dBnse brigalow scrubs. Probably he arose und seising his gun plaojd his bsck np against his humble wall with a fixed determination of selling bis life dearly. ' An answering howl oenld at times be heard from tho diugo who, forgetful of his natural instinota in euoh a moment of terror, fled pre cipitately through tho darkeninggloomwith tho awe-strnck kangaroo for his companion, and a wallaby on hfa off-side. To say the losBt of it, it was | ovident that if tbo dootrine of whioh Oolonol .Olcott is one of the prophets be true, it was a long time, a very, very long tiino, oinoo any of the ooou- janta of tho oarriago had bsea a nightingale. Most of tho lingers were hoarse, owing to the exposure on the journoy to Reokhampten. Those who wore not hoarse possessed about as much idea of what oonstitutes musio as la usually plsoed to tho oredit of a deaf Chinaman so that when all sang togethor, and oaoh Bang independently, an; tune or ghost of a tune whioh ho happened to mhremeinber, the offoot was novol if nothing else oould be said of it. Erom ono end of tho oarriago an offioeg oould be heard commanding something in shrill to . on, " Tell her 1 Lovo her so." From tbo middle another gentleman, the eifeot of whoso voice can only be compared to that produaod by three .tats of tho Thomas persuasion pieced in a flour barrel, in j company with a few packets of lighted flre-eraokers, proclaimed to the world his disinclination to go heme "Until daylight doth appoar;" while at the other eud of the oarrisge a smalt group, ovidently of n melancholy turn of mind, wrestled with thn intrieasias of " Who Killed Cook Robin ?" which song it may hero bo remarked, apparently for the sole reuqon that it was suited to martial spirits in that tho allusion to bloodshed is very strong,. beoamo tho favour ite long in tho camp at Baroaldine. Regarded from tne nustaal standpoint aloao the! perform ance oould not bo with any striet regard to trntb calltd a glorious suooqes. But Oolonol French, who wbb in an adjoining oarriago, .and who could judgo of tho whole affair from an impartial standpoint, committed a grave error in that he did not at once reoogniso the oztreme value from a mili tary point of view of tho porformunoe. A great general would not havo allowed euoh an opportunity to pass without grasping it. Had the gallunt colouol poa seated that insight into the vsluo of things whioh hnB made' the successful aoldiera in tho history of the nations, he could have put a Bpeedy termination to the' shearers' strike withoat shedding one drop of blood. Ho allowed that opportunity to pass unheeded, and it is tho duty of tho Government to inquire into so gross u o-se of nogifgenoe. It was seemingly only a little matter, but how tremendous a value it might have poiseised the world ' will now never hnow. All that was required of Colonol Frcnoh was to march that carriagoful of officers out to tho theaters' oamp, on their arrival at Baroal dine, and givo tho orders "Olosr your throats," ." Ready," " Sing." Had,thatorder been.obeyed, it is a safe , assumption that tho (hearers would havo surrendered without a blow, given up their arms, and begged him to oommute tbo barbarous punishment which was being meted out to them, to hanging, " there is a tido in tho affairs of men," and how' a soldier blench perception and judgment as tho colonel, allowed so glorious an opportunity to pass is ono of tho enigmas whioh must remaiu so. Several theories havo been proponoded to account for this Btrango neglect. Of theso the moBt probsblo is that based on tho aisnmption that iho colonel is a humane man who would hesitate to infliot upou his fellow-men, how ever misguided or bellicose they may bo, a punishment involving so much cruelty and baibarity. However, tho soft twang of tho lute is more appropriate to fair ludier bowora and oarpot knights than to budding horoos " marching off (por railway train) to war's alarm," and by and by the musioianB bogan to think that enough was ss good as a feast. Boaidss this they wero very tired, as the day had beoa a heavy one for them. Ono by ono tboy ourlod themselves np and proparod for that slumber whioh is ono of the rowards of tho virtuous. Now when 16 full-sized offioors attempt to sleep in one undersized railway oarriago, and each offioer insists upon stretching himself at tall length npon tho vent, it mnst ho evidont to the dullest of oomprohonsloua that a hitoh in tho arrangements is likely to ooour. Such a hitth did ocour, ana alt tboso who hid' ourlod themselves into oomfortablo positions unonrlod thomsolvos to tsko part in, and aid with tholr wisdom tho aounoil of war whioh was bold. Ono gontlomnn of , considerable mathematical knowlcdgo, demon strated to tho satisfaction of the oounoil that 96 feet of soldier oannot by any known axiom ho stretched out to its fullost extent in 48 foot cf spuco. This important point having beoa fully agreed to by tho othor members, tho connail went into oommittao to dlsoues ways and means of getting tho given 96 feet of soldier into tho given 48 feat of railway carriage. Tho spaoe available for sleeping purposes gave 3 foot to eaoh man, and the various suggestions whioh wore mode to boIvo tho difficulty wero worthy of tho mighty mind of tho illustrious philosopher , nil it wii _jii ni alludod to at tho beginning of this ekotoh. At last it wob determined that eaoh man should lie with his head and a portion of his body on one . Beat, Btretoh his logs aorosa tho Bpaco interven ing, and rest his feet and a portion of his legs on the othor seat. This point having boon settled satisfactorily, tho woaty onos strotohed themselves onoo more. SanohoPauza nsodtosay, " God bless the man that invented slcop," bat tho man who invented sloop nudor tho oondi- tlonB whioh now exlstod in tho oarriago oould not havo hnown muoh about his buBinoss. By and by tho would- bo slecpors bogan to shift their positions, tho logs of ono would somehow got over tho body of auothor, until in a little whilo no ono oould toll whioh logs bolongod to him, and whioh to his fellow-eutforors. One of Doro's pictures of tho oirales in Dante's "Inferno" represents a eeono arowded with human forme, with hopelessness aud misery written on eaoh oonntonunoe. It is tho scoond circle, and tho pain is only montal. They havo lost all hope, all interest, and merely exist. Tho artist has depicted them lying iu confused j masses, thoir limbs and bodies so mixed up that it is impoisiblo to distinguish a comploto form. Loaving out tho ooantonanoes tho scene in tho oarriago was as naar an ap proach to Doro's pioturo us could bo scon on earth. Ono pair of legs would bo lying peace fully at reBt on tho body of tho man opposite, whose legs probably would be peaoof ullv turned round the neck of tho other. Aoross thia doublo bridge of legs someone oIbo'b foot would find a good resting pluoo, while his body rested comfortably on tho seat with a small namber 10 foot poaoo- fully at rest on either side of him. Tho slightest movo of ono therofore woke up tho whole carriage, and some who fonnd it im possible to sleep under tho oiroumstanoos sat up In order more folly to reuliio tho gravity of tho situation. It wbb then — when the first tinge of the grey dawn was appearing— that a dis covery was mado which has rendorod tbo oeoupants of tho oarriago as immortal and as illustrious as tho philosophor iu the prison. Tho dieoovcrcr who was naturally of an inquiring turn of mind began to exomino the conditions by whioh ha woe surrounded. Undorneath eaoh seat he noticed curious boxos whioh bore respectively the legends "Pillows" and "Blankets." Being a student of tho Baconian philosophy, bo bogan to argue out tho subjcot by a process of induc tive philosophy, and as a result of muoh mental struggle, ho arrivod at the eoncluiion that tho oarrisge ho was in wss a Bleeping carriage, with a doublo row of hunks whioh only waited to bo pat up in order to give every man a snug had, with as muoh room as ho wanted to Btretoh himeelf out. . When tho importance of thia im mortal discovery flushed on his mind ; whon he gruBpcd tho full import of tho situation ho uttered hut ouo word. Suoh oouduot is not withoat precedent, for does not history men tion in glowing torms the philosophor, who, when engaged in tho useful occupation of bathing, wan Btruok by a disoovery of great worth, and uttered the single word " Eureka," as ho leapt from his bstb, and rushed to verify his theory. That ono word made tho name oi that philosopher a household word wlih many who otherwise would never have heard of his oxiet&noo.; The ono word nttered by tbo induotivo philosopher who sat up to think in the railway oarriago will also make blm immortal when the whole situation is properly grasped in the ages to como. That one word was not "Eureka" it did not have any such important sound, bat what Booffor shall dsro to aseert that under tho oiroumstanoes it was not a word fraught with as muoh moaning, and just as appropriate to the ooeaslon P That ooe word uticr. it in a tone bofittiag the im- p: rtanos of tho subjeus was " sbsss." Asfmpla word in itself, bat the depth of mesning thrown into it by thn brilliant discoverer has made it ono whioh will evor bo regarded with awe and rocprec ,by tho ooonpants. Wheu tho whole situation flashed npon the awakened orowd they looked, npon eaoh othor more in sorrow than in anger, repoated the word " asses " in intense yet subdued toneb, put up the sleeping berths, hauled ont the pillows and blankets, re tired eaoh man to his bunk and slept the alesp of the just until Emerald was reaohed in tho morning at 6 o'olook. 