{now *'flpOD' sjftrp | [\ On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship Maty ContpUm, of Bristol, England, was straggling with a fearful-gale-off?the const of North America. 'The wind blew foHoosly, but the weather was cleaTj and the captain expected ereit moment to get eight of. the . light an the lighthouse on toe . Iron Sock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed . on confidently. lire minutes, later the ship struck with a fearful shock add went to pieces. four men, including the captain, .were saved. On reaching the shore they .found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the light house-keeper had hound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a .physician to>a, woman who had come to consult him. Admitting ; that he thought so, had he the light to say so? No; for he might be wrong—and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she waB greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, .and site was so' giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled, 'l and," she said, " all objects -seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She .broke out into a sweat: although cold-ob death. A dreadful eough-racked her frame so. that she could not lie down in bed and asleep. . " I conld scarcely crawl about the house," she says," I was so weak. I tried different i remedies and medicines without avail. I .went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and-asked j the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer | was, * I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. I "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' Tint ate vast human aid.' "My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave ihem -without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till 1 was sick. . I had no Appetite and had lost flesh till I roas thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin wbb of a green and yellow color, and when 1 ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what 1 threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remembered, that • Mrs. 'Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's mill in East street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Sergei's Curative Syrup. So I scut to Mr. Jesson'e, the ohemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had ■ got over all my bad symptoms and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890) in better health than ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off «s I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread street, York road, LeedB. This was a case of indigestion and dyspep sia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks, more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to telL She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 538-540 