tOUR CALIFORNIA r LETTER. Baa Franolsoo, Febrarry 6, 1891. Since say lasb an Important event has tap^ened In this city, nobhlog Ibsb than ftta 4e»th of the King of all the Hawaiian T.felMicla — Kalakana 1. His ducky Majesty tome here for bis health, and was treated with more Attention than was good for him under tbe citcnmstancaa. He could not teelBb the temptatlors. The -wining and dtnlne. however. Droved too much for him, and the complication of diseases — kidney trouble being tbe leaBt in the gronp — from which he expected relief In the balmy air of the peninsula of San Francisco, soon had him in a closer grip than ever, and when he passed avay, -which be did an the Palace Hotel at 2 20 o'clock p.m., January 20, the doctors united in the opinion that life MsjeBty died from ntemlc poisoning* HaUkana was « gourmand. It is said he ate six cr seven meals a day, drinking a good deal of champagne with 6acn. He wae a free liver in other respects, and id Is * wonder he reached tbe age lie did — 55 ye»T8. He was given a grand funeral by the authorities. The body was escorted to the United States eteamehlp Charleston with military ho.uors, and sbe immediately left for the Ielaude of Tranquil Delight with her aaelaucboiy freight Information reached here that Kalakana's subjects had heard be was recovering his health in San Francisco, and were making great pre parations for his return, which they in tended to celebrate with mirth and muals for manv davs. The dlsaDDointment will be very bitter. Instead of mirth there will be weeping, and for nroetc the ^Ailing of the Wahlnas, which is gruesome enough to freeze the marrow in one's bones. The ' keen' of the Irish mourner over the dead la startling enough to the nerveB, but If you want your nervous system completely upset lteten for 15 mlnnteB to the wails of the island women lamenting a. dead chief. Another notable death besides that of royalty was the departnre for tbe unseen world of the widow of General Mariano Gnadaloupe ValJigo, who hore the name of Benlcta Her husband was a native Callfornlan cabaUero, and a man of grest Influence in the country In Its early history. It was due to him that, when Russia, England, and France had fixed their eyeB on tats country, the priza was secured by the United States, and it was through respect for the general that the Jown of Benicia on tbe Straits of Car qulncz (which at one time promised to be the capital of California) was named after his wife, who febre the musical cognomen of Fratceeca Beneda CarUlos. Theaenora bleBeed ner husband with seventeen chil dren, and dltd fall of years and honors, baviog reached the ripe age of seventy' four. Oar bnelneBS men seem to be awaken* leg at lass to the poseibillty of the trade of tbe Pacific Ocean belcg wrested from the grasp ot San Francisco by its Canadian nelghfcots In British Colombia,- aided and abetted by English capital. They have actually incorporated a Pacific Gable Com pany to connect Honolola, New Zealand (via Samos), and Japan with San Francisco. One of the incorporators, who was inter viewed tbe other day, gave the reasons for this movement in the following state ment : — ' If we do not lay this cable the British will. I am In favor of having the enterprise pnrely American. I wish San Francisco to enjoy all the ad vantages that can be derived from the enterprise, for oar first allegiance Is doe to California.' The fall list of la corporators is as follows : — William Alvord, Samuel T. Alexander, Charles R. Bishop, £zael Bush, Hn?h Craig (who snanagts the New Zealand Insurance . bneinew her*-), William H Diamond, Alfred 8. Rtutwell, James B Mont gomery, Edward B Pond (ex Mayor of San Francleca), R W S oaf eld c, and David J Thompson. A Bill has been Introduced in the United States Oongresa to further the object, and the members of the Rational Legislature regard the pro ject with great favor. If the Bill should {.aw, as It probably will, giving the scheme Government aid, the portion of the cable between San Francisco and Honolula would be immediately laid, as there la abont 15,000,000 dollars of com merce per annum between this city and the Islands. This Is well worth nursing. \- The Hawaiian Government has already subsidised this scheme. Our dfcy Is Invaded at present by gangs of murderous footpads and burglars. The police have their hands fall, bat In spite of til their effoits and an occasional arrest the local reporter has an Item nearly every morning of a lonely pedestrian being 'stuck op' by the rascals, who usually travel In pairs, and sometimes the more cartons relation of how the victim was murdered u veil as robbed. This epi demic of crime 1b accounted for In various -ways- The stringency of the money market all over the state prevents persons treating tramps with their usual liberality ; . a large number of worthless people have Hocked Into the state during the cheap sate railroad war who must either beg or steal to sustain life, and they prefer the latter. Operations by these minions of the moon are generally carried on in the anburbs, but sometimes they are daring -enough to ' take a purse' In a crowded thoroughfare. It Is astonishing how quickly a man loses his nerve when he feels the cold muzzle of a pistol pressing -against Bis forehead. Among the several menaces offered the trade of San Francisco is the mooted scheme to butid up tbe townB on Paget Sound, to the north of ns. Into great ter minal points, and take in a great measure this city's commerce with the Orient away from her by establishing an inde pendent line of steamers to China. General Alger, of Michigan, Leigh Hunt, a resident of Seattle, a town on the Sound, and' ex- assistant .-? Postmaster Crtaeral Clarkson, are the promoters of She scheme. They are indmdoally In terested In Immenser timber tracts and certain iron mines in theRtzj&w; State of Washington,: which they propose to develop. The chief obstacle -bo fax met . lias been the natural opposition of O. P. flunttngton and other Central Pacific railroad officials. With all these commer cial menaces which look .to the de thronement of . the queen clby of the Pacific, . she still alts In the calmness, of, her. majesty on the liorder of the great «6»n, and year by year gives evidenoe of Increasing power. The growth of San Francisco . is remark able, and to a casual observer unaccount able. It is growing from the centre to the circumference. -Inside and not ontslde In fluences appear to 'be at work in aiding its extension. Old residents who have not tite ambition to move beyond certain grooves are ' surprised when by some acd dent they catch themselves In the suburbs and see the cumber of new buildings, many of them most expeneire, that are being erected. San Francisco, outside of certain streets, has become a terra incog* ?nita to the man who has grown np in its midst) from 25 or 30 yean to the age of aay €0. While they sib lamenting the '«ood old £aya of '49,' and exohang log reminiscences with greybeards like themselves, lo! the fable of Aladdin's palace, or the Scripture miracle of Jonah's gonrd, have become realities, and their experiences of the past are lost In the roar of the badness of the great city of the present. San Francisco Is. without boasting, becoming tbe centre to which repnsenta lives -of all the peoples of the earth con vene.' I conceived this Idea the other day more folly than ever before, when I witnessed in the 6 seto-Russlan Church, situated intbeline'of Powell street, oppo. atte one of onr principal ptazts, the rite of conferring tbe tonsure, or first step In the prlestbopd, upon an assistant sub-deacon, jfyonsg American named F. W. Winters. 1 ?$e whole service was Id English, and the High Mase, «ccotdiog to jbhe liturgy of Sb. Jfebn Cbt^eo&t;'pm, wsb .celebrated by the Kcebt&n; b/shop Tiadiiuir, assisted by the Archimandrite George and Father fifttro polsky a* priests Tbe eermon wa? In English. &'so, and delivered by the nsxr candidate, the theme being '? Liars,' and thfe tfxt from Luke, 'Do uoo bear false ?WitneBt.' A. very singular enbjeco to tbcose, by the wsj, foe such au occasion. Tbib Greek Comch edifice gives quite an Gtiental appearance to the neighborhood. It is niOBqne like in its archUeconre, with ctiulean colored acmes spotted with goldeu etais in imitation oE tse firma ment. If one were imaginative he might look for thb Moslem mutzzin calling to prayers from such a place Che surround ifcga ate rurally be&utifnl;, scarcely any siiQDd hfctrg heard iu the immediate neigh borhood bus tbe roatle of the Australian gum trees iu the utighboring square, or the mrjrmnriog of tbe larches a ad piuea etlrred by the evenlrg breeze The recent) census, uowapproaehlngc jhi pletioe, shows the to'al nccnOerut Indians in California to be 15.283 - -f th«B6 there are livlDg on restrv»iioii8 2 522 males, and 2.498 ft-maies ; i ?- ail, 5 020. L'vlas off rttervatloue, 5,380 ajaicu and 4,883 ftniaitfc— in all 10.203 No other state or territory has half aa inany liviog oft roser vitioLg, which shows that tbe Indians of California are iu a moBt satisfacuory »e!f euetalning condition Oar 'iidSaaa are of the digger type, the in.si_ peaceable aad amiable of all redekirja, north or soaba They are not blocd thirsty and treaoheroas like tbe Apaches of Arizona, or the Gom&ncheB; of Texas, or even as nutrust ?wotibj as the Ohinooka of Oregon and Brltieh Colombia, if they are allowed to gather their plncns, or pine nuts, and their grasshoppers in peace, to spear the gravid salmon and alerb trout, from the streams, take the deer from the mountain aide, the quail from the brake for their dally food they will harm nobody, they will be always the white man's friend. Bat, anforcanately, some of the white men — especially those from the ' old west,' where they have been in the habit of meeting a different kind of Indian — will nob allow the poor Digger to be friendly with them. They accept an Indian to be the same all over the conti nent — a house- burning, tomahawking, scalp- lifting savage— and will only look ab hlmover the sight of .a rifle. This lack of discrimination has led to no end of trouble. When you ask a white Immi grant from MieEourl, for example, boast Ing of the exploit, why he shot the Digger, who was perhaps unconscious of his presence, the reply will generally he, ' O, only to see him jump !' Is It any wonder that the IndianB of Cali fornia^ rendered deeparate by sucU treat ment, make reprisals of the moat fearful kind when opportunity offers ? By the way Superintendent Porter, who has managed this census buslaess, ma3e a very thorough exploitation of the dif ferent Indian tribes. He employed six well known artists, who went among the red men equipped with complete photo graphic outfits, and they took more than 8C0 portraits of chiefs and vlewa of tepees (or wickiups), dances ('ghost' and other), and of all the phases of their savage life. AmoBg them Is the last portrait of Sitting Bull, the war chief of the Sioux, taken just before his death. These pictures will be placed In the archives of the Government, and many of them will be producvd in the volume to be pre pared by the Bureau on the Iodians. War Is in the alf. The genuine Impres sion Is that as soon as the coffee crop of Cen tral America has been gathered in, which will be about the end of March, Guatemala and San Salvador will lock horns again. Bmissailes from the republic last named were recently in San Francisco purchasing Immense quantities of gunpowder from the Santa Oroz powder works, and receiving large consignments of small arms bought In the eastern Bfcates These are being sent south as rapldiy as possible, so that San Salvador may be as well prepared aa poa&lble; with the munitions of war when the contest begins. To show how the North American, or the everlastlag Yankee, element is permeating gpanUh America it may be mentioned that one of the principal agents In the purchase of this war material is Colonel Patriclo 6. Brannon, a native of Pennsylvania, bat who has been for 25 years in Central and South America, where he has been a pro minent figure In many revolutions. Guatemala's object Is, according to Bran non, a unification of the Central Ameri can States, with Guatemala as the most important factor In the union. We have had a swell English aristocrat called Frederick Lord Wolverton, doiDg San Francisco for several weeks. He left England for a tour around the world In 1889, and before reaching New York had visited all the Central and South American republics. He left for Hongkong after he had thoronghly done this city. and will return to England by the way of the Suez Canal. Wol verton may not be accepted as an aristocrat in the fullest sense, as he Is a member of the London banking estab lishment of Glyn, Mills, Carrie, & Co. Wolverton was quite voluble while he was here, talking to everybody who would listen to him. He let himself oat partloa larly on the subject of the labor problem in England, his solution being restriction of foreign immigration, which would secure for English labor English employ ment as against the work by cheap foreign labor. With his banks furnished how glibly one can talk, and how the merest drivel will pass for the soundest political economy. Besides being titled and a capitalist, Wolverton Is a yachtsman and an enthusiastic student of natural hlstoiy He has sent to his es tate at Tlvernemlnster a pair of llamas, secured during his visit to Pern. These animals, with the exception of the pair owned by the nitrate king, Colonel North, are the only llamas now in England. Recurring to the Central American Re publics It may be mentioned that the steamer Farallone, Captain Bonnlfield, has just sailed from this port in that direc tion on a trip that unltea business with pleasure. Foot Saciamentans joined together and chartered the steamer, load ing her with young horses and c»ttle, hogs, and other domestic animals said to be in demand in Guatemala. They also take their wives and families, and as they Intend tohave a jollygood timeout andback have thoughtfully provided their larder with every delicacy. They plan to be gone four months. For the return trip they expect to load with coffee principally. It was at first suspected, owing to the peculiar nature of the cargo, that the vessel was carrying arms on speculation and in view of approaching hostilities; bat this was discovered not to be the fact Theatrically there is no news. Farce comedy and road shows of the meanest type are at all oar theatres. 