"Two Sisters." BY " THORNYCROFT." Listen ! What is it the wild waves are whispering ? Surely they are telling some mournful tale. Hark! what a dismal dirge they are chanting, as they beat softly against the shore. Hush ! Speak softly ; they are mourning for a life that has passsd away. Slowly night's dark shadows are lifted ; daylight creeps through the latticed blinds of the little house by the sea ; still all is silent within. Is everyone sleeping ? and will they wake to hear that sad lament ? Alas ! she who loved best the sea will never wake again. In the long hours of the night her spirit has passed away. She has crossed the bourne from which no mariner may return, and poor tired traveller, she was ready enough to go. Perhaps on the distant shore she saw her lover beckoning to her ; she saw only his face across the dark waters, his eyes looking at her, so longer sad and reproachful, for he had forgiven her, all secrets are revealed to them, and in that glorious light their love shone steadfast and pure. Surely it must be so. Even in death look how the sweet eyes seem to be piercing through the unseen, and shining with a mar- vellous light not of earth, but heaven. And the mother gazing at her child through a mist of tears, feels that she is happy now, and she herself is almost comforted. Only the waves keep up their ceaseless murmur. Chapter I. ' She is a heartless coquette, and as frivo- lous as the is pretty.' ' What a sweeping condemnation ! Is she worse than must pretty girls laughed Colonel Stanley. ' Really, Major, you are growing very ill- natured ; it's too bad to prejudice Stanley against her before he has even seen her,' and Cecil Vane's face flushed angrily in her de- fence. ' It is no good after if Stanley is as suscep- tible as you are,' Major Stuart retorted. ' How about yourself, Major ? Your in- fatuation for the heiress is common talk, and yet you pretend you don't admire her.' Major Stuart coloured slightly as he noticed the stress on the word heiress, but he said good-humouredly— ' I do admire her intensely ; I never said I did not, but for all that, I repeat, the is an insatiable coquette.' The three men were sitting in the smoking room of their club in Piccadilly one fine afternoon in the height of the London season, lazily smoking and talking. Colonel Stanley was amused at the discus- sion, but, being a stranger in town, he could take but little part in it. It was easy enough to guess that these two were rivals, and equally easy to surmise which was the most fortunate. In everything the Hon. Cecil Vane seemed favoured of the gods. He was well born, good-looking, and rich. But no one begrudged him his good gifts, unless it was the less fortunate Major ; for he was so pleasant and genial with men, that they could not help liking him, and with women he was only too fascinating. His good-look- ing face and softly modulated tones often did more mischief among the fair sex than the oviet was well aware of. The Major, on the contrary, though very amusing as a com- panion for a little time, was even more irre- sistibly comic in the role of a lover. He re- minded one of the ' froggy who would a wooing go,' with his short stout figure and rather apoplectic face. ' Who is this alarming beauty ?' Colonel Stanley asked at length, though his face showed but scant interest in the question. ' Don't you know Muriel Despard ?' Vane answered eagerly. ' Never heard of such a person.' ' Oh! I must introduce you,' he said mag- nanimously, ' the Despards are the nicest people in town.' ' Where do they live ?' with base ingrati- tude beginning to look very bored, as Vane showed signs of becoming voluble on the sub- ject. ' At Lancaster Gate. There is a father, mother and two daughters. I don't know what the old man is, but he seems horribly rich,' ' So Miss Muriel is an heiress, eh, Cecil ?' ' Yes, but, by jove, that is her least at- taction; wait until you see her.' ' What is the sister like, won't she do for me ?' ' Don't be absurd. Minnie is nice enough, quiet and ladylike and that sort of thing, but not to be compared with Muriel.' ' Of course not,' Stanley answered, with such suspicious gravity that both men laughed. ' Haven't you fellows done smoking by this time ?' Stuart interposed, throwing away his cigar. ' I shall go for a stroll in the Park. Come Vane.' ' Very well, I may as well ; I have nothing else to do till dinner, and I suppose I have smoked enough for this afternoon. Come along, Stanley, you lazy fellow. Come and show yourself. Let your friends see that you have returned to civilized life.' ' Civilized life ? pacing up and down the row like a caged animal : I tell Bertha, a very little more on the treadmill, and I shall bolt.' ' What, go abroad again ?' ' Not yet, Stuart, but I shall leave town. I have a little place in Worcestershire, that I ought to go and look after, as it is ten years since I was there.' ' Bah ! I hate the season. You see I have come home half a savage. It is so different for you, Cecil (apologetically), a good-looking young fellow, with plenty of money, and lets of friends, it would be hard if you couldn't enjoy yourself ; but, you see a poor devil who has spent all his life in knocking about as I have, only comes home to such unutter- able loneliness. He finds his people nearly all dead or dispersed, and his friends, the few remaining, have forgotten him.' ' Well of course ten years must bring many changes.' ' To me it brought only one—death. When I left England, father, mother and two elder brothers bid me farewell. Where are they all now. When I return to the old home I shall see only their vacant places, unless their ghosts rise up to greet me with reproaches for not coming home sooner.' ' Well you must not go away again,' Stuart interposed cheerfully. ' On the contrary I hope my regiment may before long be ordered off. It looks like it.' ' What, to Egypt ? Oh dear ! I'm jolly glad I am not likely to have to go.' ' Volunteer ?' ' Volunteer be hanged ! I'm not going to volunteer to have my throat cut by a lot of savages. I'm only too glad to be safe in England.' ' There's loyalty for you,' Vane cried, laughing heartily. ' After that noble senti- ment we'd better breathe the fresh air ; besides we don't want to find the park de- serted.' ' Well, come along.' And rather unwillingly Stanley accom- panied the others. The park was anything but deserted, for it was one of the few fine days last season, and everyone was anxious to make the most of it. Stuart and Vane recognised innumer- able acquaintances, but they seemed still hunting for one familiar carriage that was wanting. Suddenly both countenances brightened visibly as a landau and pair, with three ladies in it, pulled up close to the railings. They eagerly greeted the new comers, and became so engrossed with their conversation that they forgot all about their late companion, and Stanley had time to leisurely contemplate the girl that had so recently formed the topic of conversation. Of course Muriel Despard speedily became aware of the dark eyes that were so coolly taking stock of her, and of course as provo- kingly as she was able, she tried to disappoint him. ' Good gracious ! she isn't even pretty,' he decided. How could Stuart call her a beauty with such a white face, and black hair, too—sure to be a little demon, as he noticed the soft dark rings lying on her forehead. Then he looked at the younger sister, and decided hastily that she was more to his taste. Minnie, with her calm sweet face and large grey eyes, looked as un- troubled as the still waters of a lake on a summer afternoon. ' She is a good girl,' he said to himself, ' the sort to make a man happy, and yet I dare say half the men would pass her by for the other,' and he gave another contemptuous glance at the bent head opposite. She was talking eagerly to Vane, who had gone round to her side of the carriage, occasionally turning round to address a re- mark or to smile at the Major, who was about as pleased as a hungry dog with a bone. Suddenly Stanley heard his own name, ' Hubert Stanley !' Mrs. Despard was saying, ' Bertha Hamilton's long expected brother. Oh, do introduce him, Major.' And the Colonel soon found his meditations rudely in- terrupted by the eager Major. ' She asked me to introduce you. You must come,' he said, impatiently, as the Colonel, who hated strangers, slightly de- murred. So, rather unwillingly, Stanley was pre- sented to the three ladies. He bowed politely ; but to his surprise, after a slight hesitation, Muriel extended a email gloved hand. ' Your sister in my dearest friend,' she said apologetically ; and for the first time she raised her eyes to his. He almost started at the sudden beauty re- vealed. What was it in those dusky orbs that could startle men so ? Surely some mis- chievous imp lurked in their depths to pierce to the very heart. Colonel Stanley recog- nised then the charm that had so fascinated his friends. In all his travels he thought he had never seen such beautiful eyes. He wished she would look at him again. But after that one glance the long lashes drooped demurely for a moment, and then she turned towards Vane, and completely ignored the others for the rest of the time. Colonel Stanley thought he did not mind, and de- voted himself to her sister, but somehow, now he was introduced to her, he was con- scious that Minnie failed to attract him. ' She is stupid,' he thought, rather unjustly, and her very sweetness and amiability palled on him, as goodness too often does when weighed in the balance with beauty. And he was obliged to confess then that Muriel was undeniably beautiful, though he did not admire her, oh no, not in the least, she was not at all his style. Still, for all that, he found his attention, wandering to the two, who seemed so deep in some animated dis- cussion on the other side of the carriage, and he was distinctly conscious of feeling sorry when they all said ' Good-bye, and prove on. ' What do you think of her, now ?' Vane asked triumphantly. ' Isn't she perfect ?' Stuart added, for- getting his late disparaging remarks, remem- bering only the smile that had so bewildered him at parting. ' She has fine eyes,' Stanley answered critically ; ' but she is too pale.' ' Well, don't you think she is awfully nice ? Wasn't Stuart unjust about her ?' Vane continued unwisely ; for Stanley seemed anything but enthusiastic in his opinion. ' I dare say she is nice enough,' he agreed ungraciously; ' but a decided coquette. I agree with Stuart, she seems an arrant flirt ;' and, without waiting for the tirade he had provoked, Stanley bid them ' Good-bye,' and hurriedly departed, the word ' coquette,' in- dignantly repeated, ringing in his ears. ' Poor little girl, I don't suppose she is so very bad,' he said to himself reproachfully, as he hailed a ' Hansom,' and drove to his sister's house in Portman Square. ' I wonder what Bertha thinks of her dearest friend ; I must ask her but he didn't ; probably he forgot all about it. 