By FINCH MASON, Author of "Tit-Bits o! the Tarf," "Holiday Spotting StorieB," " Humora of tha Haating Field," '"Twaa the Dor that Brought the News," " A Eeal Good Thing," &o.; (Published by epeolal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] THE PAD GROOM'S STORY "It always beata me, Mr. Bloss," observed Skinner, the saddler in the High- street, one evening, addressing a smart, dapper looking personage, who could not honestly be mistaken lor anything bat what he wbb-a Bwell Btud groom. " It always beata me how the diokins it iB that your lady has never married. With ench a laoe and such a figure, not to mention her seat on 'oEsback and her hands> it oertainly is a marvel that'nobody's wanted to pop her nith double harness long before this. The way Bhe had the field the other day in that good thing my lord's 'ounds 'ad from Stopptngton . woods did my 'art good to see, that it did, I think 1 see her now a comin' at the SouBham brook fifty miles an honr, and y6t with her 'oss well in band all the time. It waB a rare treat, that's what it was, and nothing bet it." "It ain't been for want of askin', Mr. Skinner, yon may depend," replied the other. " Bless ye.ehe'a 'ad hoffera by the ECore helore now, and not one of 'em with a ghost of a "chance if they honly knew, No, no. Single *Bhe is, and Bingle she iB likely to remain, yon "map be sure. There never was bat one in the tanning, and he's been underground, poor feller, this ten years. It was a Bad story, very Bad," said Mr, Bloss, shaking his head in a melohanoholy manner the while he took a solemn gulp at his gin and water. = " Ahl I thought probably there was a ceaBon," replied the saddler. " moat of as 'ave a Bkelinton in the oupboard I expect, if we only knew." " P'raps," added he, looking slyly round at the oompany, "yon wouldn't mind relatia' the circumstance to us, Mr. Blosa, it not of too private a natute." " Hear, hear," prononneed the oompany, and "very properly put, Mr. Skinner, sir," fromDroner, the vet. t'l'm quite agreeable, I'm sure, gentleman," said the Bwell groom politely, and Baiting his action to the word be at once plunged into the following story "A WOMAH'S REVENGE." It is just thirteen years ago, gentlemen, come next July, that I took service with Miss ? Ooverly, or rather, I should say, with Squire 'Ooverly, her father; my datieB being to super intend her horses only and attend her in her rideB and pilot her when she went hunting, as the Bquire, owing to his increasing yeara, having given up riding to honnds, though he had the reputation of having been as hard as any of 'em in his day. Pilot her did I Bay ? I should like to Bee the man who could follow her, let alone pilot her, or come near if it comes to that! he'd be a something out of the oommon way, I: fanoy. I knew it waB aa much as I could do, lightweight aa I was (I'm not any heavier now, if it cornea to that, Mr, Bloss remarked paren thetically as he cast an endearing glance at hi3 tight trouaered legs, which were decidedly of the "broomstick" order) to live with her, and as for piloting her, weu 1 Bhould have been precious sorry to try, that's all. I faaoy I a in ride a bit too. I did ought to, anyhow; for I began life as a lad in the rasing stables at New market ; and after that rode seoond 'osa to Sir Gilbert Notthoote in Leicestershire for five years before I got to the his atadgroom, only leaving hinrat his death, when I went to Squire Ooverly as I have just told you. Fairfield Hall, where the squire and his daughter lived all by themselves, was situated in the heart of one of the beat- hunting counties in England. Neatly all grass it was, and the fences as big aa the fields, which was saying a good deal, I can tell you. Three paoks of bounds were within reach, so that we had no difficulty in hunting six days a week. Not that there would have been much difficulty in any case, for sooner ttian not hunt Miss Ooverly would have got up in the middle of the night, I verily believe. Distance was no object with her, I can tell you, nor weather either. Nothing but the hardest of frosts stopped us, I do asEure you. Well, I really don't think I ever was so happy in my li/a before; I might almost say I lived the life of a gentleman, Fond of hunting, fonder still of tiding over a country mounted on horses with quality enough about 'em for a kiag to ride, the best of good living, and lastly a mistress who any one, I don't care who, would have been proud to serve; what more oould a man want? Aa I h.»ve said I shall have lived in her a* rvice now (and I believe I have given every satisfaction) going on for 13 yearf, and I m&h; for nothing better than to end my days in it. I'm not the only one as says that, either, I don't believe there's a dependent belonging to her* of any sort, who wouldn't die for her willingly to morrow, that I don't. And the poor people all round about her neighborhood just the Bame. Though she has let the hall ever since the sad event I'm agoing to tell you about happened, Bhe never forgets the old people. Tbey have the coals end the blankets and the beef every Christmas juBt the same as if Bhe waB there. If there's any particular oaBe of distress in the village the parson has only got to write, and it is relieved at once. .'Doyonr*farrinera' goon like that?" de . naanded Mr, Bloss with a snort of defianoe, "Not they 1 and if anybody waa to tell ma aB they did I shouldn't believe them, ao it's all the earne." Well, gentlemen, yon all of you know her by sight; BO I needn't enlarge about her looks. . Anyhow, I fanoy yon will all agree that so far as beauty goes, Bhe iB very haid to beat, I only wish yon could have seen her 13 years ago> and I think you would have said a more lovely young lady yon never clapped eyeB on, The beauty is there still-where, I should like to aik, woald you match those violet eyes of bet's, and that ohesnut hair ? Butthe happy expression she used to wear so perpetual is gone - that's where it iB - gone, never to return, I very muoh fear, I don't think I ever saw in Leicestershire or anywhere else BO many bard riding ladies aa there .ere in our part of the world, but not one of 'em, bless ye, could oome nigh us, much less''oatna down and'ang ua up to dry," as the saying is. I rather think, indeed, thot it was an understood thing amonar the ladies of the hunt that they recognised oat superiority, And she was so sweet with it all that it was impossible (or one to tje jealous. I think they were till too fond of her for that. Thare was one exception though, and that wa3 MiaB Lyle, of Crowberry Park-a woman of thirty I should Bay, and a great heiress. I forget ho w much she came into at her father'^ deith, but it was a rare sum of money. She wasn't b*d looking was Miss Ljle, in fact some people would oall her handaome, bat she altf^ys carried a orots, discontented look on her faus, and I've Been those blaok eyebrows of hers cou traot when anything went wrong out hunting, snob as being crossed at a fence, or her horse perhaps not balancing himself as he o<ight, iu a manner that boded ill for Homebody. Sue WAS a splendid .horaeworuan, and as jealous of as bless you, as possible. I've seen her grind her teeth and turn white with passion wheo, as was frequently the case, we got the brash civen to us, I shall never, if I live to be £9 old as MetbuBaltm, forget a scene at the end of a run with the Diike.of Duwaahire's ULuaSs oae day Boon after I went into those parts. We had had a very faEt thing from Bleaaiugton Gorae-fi?9 and forty minuses as hatd as ever we could go, winding up with a kill in tbe open. We had gone as usual owdaoious, and close to out skirts all the way was Miss Lyle riditu?, as jeaiou* as blazes, Sha did ail ehe Itnasr to get on terms with ne, but she sever quite managed it, though the was on her bast horse, I believe. You see, where bar fault lay waB the want of knowledge of pace and Iaok of judgment; in taking her fences, and those we:e the very t#o paints where we excelled BO, I often uBcd to aay_ to rojself as I watched her iu n run, sailing away, apparently in an easy canter, but i > reality going at a thundering pace that few could keep up with, " What a splendid steeple abase rider yoa'd have mace! MieB, if you'd been born a man ?" Well; Tom Tootler the huntsman off with tbe btosi*, and the ouke comeB np with it in hia hand to give it to my lady, who riohly de served it. But instead of taking if, what does ebe do but leanB over and whisperB something in hiB grace's ear. He smilea and bawa, for like everybody else with whom Bhe oomeB into oontact with, her word W&B; law with hm. and goeB o£E with the brush to Miss Lyle, who was sitting on het _ chestnut 'oss quite handy, and off with hia " hat. made her the boldest of bows, and Baying something of a flowery nature-the duke waB as soft with hiB tongue to the ladies as he waB rough with the men. My I he oouM CUBS and swear, if you like!-presented ..her with the brash. And what, do you think she did? Instead of taking it aB a compliment bha flushed up crimson with anger, her black eyes sparkled again, and her eyebrows con traded until. tney nearly met, while Bhe blurted out before all of em, her voice quits hoarse-"It's very bind of yoa, duke, bat I don't care about other people's leavings." And with that, as if Beized with a sudden fit of rage, she Bnatched the fox'a brush oat o! hi* grace's 'and, threw it on the ground at hW feet, and turning her horBe sharp round rodo off the field at a gallop. The duke stared, a well he might, for a second, and then piokin* np tbe biush burst into a roar of laughter " Well," eays he, ' is nobody'il have it dasher if I don't keep it for myself," and so saying St puts it into his pocket und settled the matte^ in that way. That,'* what came, you see, ot trying to do a good-natured aotion, foe that's entirely what it waa on my lady's part, and Ehe told me bb we rode home that day how sorry ehe waa about it, and how her least intention waa to hnrt Miss Lyle's feslinga, Ic made her quite unhappy I could see, and I be lieve she wrote to MisB JealouB that very night to say EO. But it waB alwayB my belief that Miss Lyle hated UB like poison, and later on I found that I waa right, Oh, ahe waa a bad vindictive woman that Miss Lyle, and I don't wi nder that nobody about her had a good word to say of her. They Baid Bhe led the poor lady wha was her companion up at the hall the life of a deg, and her maid juBt the Bame, I don't wonder the men fought Bhy of h6r in spite of her riches. They were all afraid of her its my belief, I did hear that a curate having fallen in Jove with either herself or her money-the latter moBt likely-tried it on and waa Been to leave the hall five minutea afterwards a good deal quicker than he came, and minus hia hat which oame flying out of the drawing-room window after him, As yet, if I mistake not, I have only men tioned the ladies of the hunt and said nothing about the men-well, they were a hard riding lot on the whole, deoidedly a hard-riding lot, and among theBe two or three out and-outers, the sort of men who were capable of taking the lead, and what iB more important, keeping it in any ccmpany. Of course there waa a beat there always ib with every pack of hounds and our show man waa yoang Mr, Obarlea Peyton, of Dauby Hall. I really think, young as he was, he waa the bebt horBeman I ever saw. The family was very poor, and Mr, OharleB not having the money to buy expensive cattle had to breed his own hnnters, an' make 'em too, I can tell you, . Most of those he rode were bred on the estate, bat occasionally he wonld bay one at a low figure-one probably that no one ehe could ride, and at the end of the season would pro bably sell bim for ten ticoea what he gave for him. One little brown '08S he picked up for thirty sovereigns I saw him myself jump some rails alongside the railway tiiat no one else would have, and he sold him the Bame day for three hundred guineas. Oh, yes, the whole of tbe hunt was prond of him, I can tell you; and when he rode for the firat time :n the Hunt Gup, at the annual spring meeting, you could ecarcely get an offer against him from the bookies at laBt, the natives made him saoh a hot favorite, and he landed thoic money too for them in fine style, Alter this he took to riding a good deal in steeplechases, and hart & mount in all the principal races the following year, including the Grand National. If the horse he rode at Aintree had been as good aB his rider he oonldn't have lost; as it waa he was nowhere. Lor' bleas yer 1 half the oonntry journeyed to Liverpool to Bee him win, paople who had never been there before in their lives -and backed his mount through thiok and thin, though it waa pretty well known-in fact Mr, Cnarles told everyone so himself, that the horse had no chance. The very next spring, as luok would have it, the Grand iNational Bunt, who as-1 suppose yon are aware hold their meeting in a dif ferent place every year, fixed on oar county for their raoeB, I wiBb, gentlemen, from the bottom of my heart that the Grand National Hunt had never been thought of, Snch a sentiment, coming from my lips, may poBsibly seem to you oat of place, but when I think what Bad results arose from this particular meeting my feelings get the better of me. Well, of course, it waB rather an important event in the county. Everybody filled their houses with company expressly for the occa sion ; several balls were eiven on the strength of it; beds were at a premium in the to *rn of Risborongh, whioh was the neatest point to the course; in fact, the whole county went mad over the event. There was a firat olass entry, not only in number, bat in quality-gome of the horses having a great reputation in private, Oddly enough tbe only competitor in the race hailing from our part of the world was one belonging to Miss Lyle-a five 5 ear old ohe3nut mare called Evening Star, by Astronomer out 0! Brilliant;. A fine slashing laare she was, and a magnificent fencer, though rather apt to get her head up and take too much out of herself if she did not get exactly her own way. Her mistress not being very popular the entry waB not taken mush notice of at first, but when it came out, whioh it did aboat a week before the raceB, that Misa Ljle had requested Mr. OharleB Peyton to ride her 'oas aa a particular favor to herself, and that he had consented to do BO, thers waa each a rash to get on to his mount that I'm blessed if the mare wasn't made second favorite from sheer weight of money and nothing elae, Well, the important day arrived, and a very fine one it was-the eun Bhone brightly; the wind, though in the east, kept down; in fact, it looked as i! the clerk of the weather was on hi3 very best behavior expressly for the ocsasion. Oh, there waa a crowd I can tell you 1 There were 15 runnerB in the Giand National Hanc Steeplechase, and a rare good-looking lot of hunters they were It w&3 put about that there was a real eood i-hiog for it ia the favorite, a horse edited Ohisatuc d'Afrique, by Zouave. Tbey cal'rd hico erey, but ha waa in reality a black, ticked with a few white haira, and such a beauty! aa handaome as paint, aa fit as a fiddle, and the best gentleman rider in England on hiB baok, Yoa muBt have a good look in, said I to myself, and I walked off to the Btand and put a couple of sovereigns on him at 4 to 1, The money on the favorite of aonrae came from the knowing ones, but you should have seen the natives a putting of it down on Evening Star. It'll be bad for some of the small fry outside if he wins, I thought, as I watohed the yokela patting on their silver to back her. " Ar say, marster," I heard one of them Bay to an outaide betting man, "what be there a bettin' against Master Charles's oharnce ?" " MiBter OharleB ? why there ain't no aich 'orEe, stupidhead 1" re plied Booby. " Oh, yeas there be; I meana 'im in the blae and yaller wots jast gone down. Look, yonder he be," pointing to Mr. Peyton, who having cantered down was now walking his horse back. "You means Evening Star," exolaimed Booby, "Why didn't you say BO at firat? Five to one to you. How much? Oome, look Bh&rp;!" "Foive shillings," replied Mr. Ohawbaoan, pulling a crown out of hia pooket and banding it over with a bread grin in exchange for a ticket. It says a good deal, I thiok for the quality of the competitors that, notwithstanding the country was decidedly on the big side, beiag all natural fences indeed, with the exception of the brook, hardly any of the horses made a mistake, and a mile from home twelve out of the fifteen were well in the race and going steady, doming up to the last bardie, seven horeeB were BO close together that you ooald have covered them with a sheet, conspicuous in the centre being the bright amber and one hooped jacket worn by Miaa Tale's jockey, So Btrong and well was the mara going that already a roar went up from the stand of " Evening Star winB!" As they came nearer tbe hardies I notioed how Btrong and well my boiee Chasseur d'Afrique was going-pulhug double, in fact " It's eithi-r the OhasBeur or Evetipg Star lov a huudrtd !" I exclaimed as the pair came on touching one another. Uu he rose at the hurdles. Ttie mare jumped them splendid, and BO would my borsa but for tha brute who was on the other side o! him, who 8w< rvicg against him, nert/ly throwing the son of Zouave slap down, As it was, Mr, George who was riding bim pulled him together in the most artiE tic manner I ever saw, and set him going again) but he bad lost too muoh ground to ncover hsmttlf, and Mr. Chaslea sending hia home along the moment he saw what had happtfced manages to win by a length, amidst mich cheering and w&ving; of hats as t ne?er fcaw equalled on any raoecoursa. Mind ye, the other one would have won but for that unfor tunate cannon, for he made up hid lost ground in an astonishing way, However, it was the fortune of war, and bad to be put up with like a good many other things. Well, having lost my money, I thought I'd Baunter about tbe course and look about me a bit, and in my wanderings I found mjeelf close to Mlas Lyle'a carnage, just at her suoceasful jockey osme up to congratulate her on her horse's viotory and to receive her's in return. I tcarcelj-' knew the woman, do you know, she looked to happy-eo different to what she generally did. I'm euce, out hunting some timeB, the expression on her face would tarn crei-m sour, S&ys; I to myeelf as I saw the look she gave Mr Charles, "If you're uot in !ove, my lady, for onue in your life, I'll naver judge by a woman's iacn e^&in.; There is auah a thing, Mi??, as beit?g diE^ppointed in love, mind you arn't, that's a!); ior I rayther think that Mr, Coarles's afifcutious are bestowed already-to a charming young creature, too, aB you're net ia the huut with." "And cow won't you have some luncheon ? You must want it alter your ride," I heard her say to ber jockey, patting on a languishing sort of look in ber big black eyes that 1 shouldn't have thought fc>-r osp»ble of. "No thanks, Miss Lyls," replied Mr. Charles. " I am afraid I Nnust ask you to ex cuse u.e» The fact is," he bim ted nut, "I pron&isfd; to have Junoh with the Coverlya din ctly I had been to congratulate foa " "Ob, by all means go; k-epjour engage ment, "eaia Mies Lyle, drawing herself up and looking an black as thunder. "I would not be the means of preventing you enjoying the de lightful Bociety of ths f&aoinatiiig; Miss Ooverly for worlds." I cou't think Mr. Charles noticed the apiteful way sfce Bpoke; snyhuw. ho said nothing, but, taking off his hat and wishing her good bye ofi he 'A-iilkjd past her. "Cheok mate for you, you vixen," fchinka I iorujself. "If I look at your faoe any more it'll epuil my appetite for luceh. so I'll elope ufl too," and I accordingly followed Mr Ob-iUeB to our carriage, where Bat the squire and bis daughter just commencing their lunoh. Ob, bow proud my young lady looked as Mr, Charles described the incidents of the race to her. It didn't want much discrimination to tell what was agoing on in that quactar. Why, an; one could see w'th half an eye that eaah of 'em worshipped the ground t'other walked upon. And made by nature for one another, the same tastes in common, the game love of riding aorosa tbe country, I never see such a well matched pair for double harness in all my born dayB. And harnessed together they would have been too if it hadn't bsen for that curbed steeplechase, in a manner, and Miss Lyle. When I think of it it makes me downright med. that it does, Well, shortly alter the race, won by Miaa Lyle'a mare, the last meets of the duke's hounds were advertised. And high time, too, for the farmers had begun to trim the hedges, the lambB were skipping about, and the woods all full of violets and primroses, all going to show that Bpring had arrived in real earnest, About the Bame time another event was given out, which I for one Was not surprised at, for I had eeen it coming on for some timg paat, with only great pleasure you may depend, and which waa the engagement of Mr, OharleB Peyton to my dear young lady. That night, gentlemen, for tbe first time for many years, 1 took more than waB good for me in the way of drink and am not in the least ashamed to o»n it. Of course, though we didn't expect muoh spoit we attended those final meets, and of couiseMr, Charles Peyton (growing tenderer and tenderer eaoh day to someone) waa one of the party, II was on a Thursday, I remember, and it was the very last fixture but one, that being on the following Saturday. The three of us rode up to tbe meet (Mr, Charles had picked ua up half way), and as we got there the very first pen on we met, sitting on her horBe, not a soul speaking to her, as usual-for Bom&how; people, men especially, never aeemed to cotton to hsr was MIbb Lyle, looking paler than usual to my mind and with a great uncanny sort of look that I never remembered to have noticed be fore on her face. To my threat surprise she actually of her own accord-catre forward to meet ua and greeted my lady and Mr. Charles in the moat friendly -not to Bay affectionate way-overwhelming them with congratulations. "Why not?' say you, "Surely a very natural thing for her to do." To which I reply, "certainly very natural?" but then, don't you eee, the never went on in that Bort of a way aa a rule, so you can hardly wonder that I felt rather kurpriaed. Indeed, I couldn't belp Bay ing to myself, " What's in the windi now, I wonder ?" "Sood morning, Miss Coverly; good morn ing, Mr. Peyton," Bays she in the moat affable manner posaible, and smiling away all over her faoe sb if the sight of the pair of 'em waa aB welcome to her aa flowers in May. " I was particularly anxious to see yon, Mr, Peyton, before the houndB were off to draw," she went on, " beoause," says Bhe, '. I want to ask you to do me a very great favor," " Yon've^only got to name it, Miaa Lyle," an swered Mr. Charles in hia pleasant Way. "and it'a done, if, that ib to say." he added, "it lies in my power." " Oh, it's quite in your line, I assure you," was the laughing reply. " Nothing more than to ride a new horse I have juBt bought next Saturday and tell me what you think of him. He only arrived from London yesterday and I haven't the pluok to ride him myself .or I wouldn't BBk you, He's quite thoroughbred, and I think you'll Bay he lookB like going. At all events, if yon will ride him for me and tell me if you think he is quiet enough for me to ride. We poor timid women, you know, Mr, Peyton, have such things aa nerves, and £ fear I am not exempt from the failing." Well, thought I, that's pretty warmj that is. Why, of all the determined 'oBswoinen I ever set ey eB on I think you're the fiercest, Neevea! Why, I don't believe you've got such a thing as a nprve about you! "1 shall be most happy, I'm Bure, Miaa Lyle," replied Mr. Charles. At the same time be added "yon will excute my saying that I can't agree with you aa to your want of nerve, for I don't think I ever saw a more determined horsewoman than yourself. Anyhow, if you'll send the steed in question to the meet on Saturday I'll get on him and see what he's made of. I don't BnppoBe we shall have much of a day aB there's BO very little Bcent just now, but I can lark the new purchase over a fenoa or two if it comeB to the worst-can I not ?" Now I don't know how it was, but I had a sort of presentiment come over me that Miaa Lyle meact mischief in some sort of way, I felt perfectly certain that she was in love with Mr. Charles himself, and was besides herself with rage, ior all her show of pleasantry, at having tbe ground cut from beneath her feet by her rival. With these thoughts running through my brain I determined to try and find out whether the new horse had anything to do with it. Miss Lyle'a era groom was a Burly ill-conditioned fellow, and he and I as a rule had very little to say to each other, bo I knew that it would be of no use trying to pump him in the matter. But thiuks I, I know I fancy bow 1 can get at you, my lass, and that's through my wife's niece, Jane Brown, who iB under housemaid at Miss Lyle's and ia keeping company yilh Joe Sparro w (the groom in question), She'll worm it out of him if any. body will. Accordingly that very night, after we bad got in from hunting, I took and drove a dog-oart over to Crowb&ny; Hall, She srea a sharp girl and very quiokly understood what she had to do, "I'll get it out of hitrij never fear, uncle," Baid Bhe, delighted at the Job; " and I'll send over a lad witb a letter to you, addressed to aunt, Bomo time to morrow," I went off well satisfied, and sure enough, true to ber word, just as I was smoking my dinner pipe the next day a boy turnB up with a letter from Jane. -It waa a very short one, so I am good for every word of it, All it said was : - "Dear Uncle-See as Mr, C. don't ride Miss L.'s horse to-morrow. My duty to aunt, and I remain, your affectionate nieoe, "JANE BBOWN." I smoked my pipe, read the letter over four or five times, and finally put it into my pocket, went up to the house, and asked to see my mistress. She waB at luncheon, and Mr. Oharles was with her, and she sent out word that they were ooming out to the stables almost directly. In a quarter of an hour down they came, and then I told them both straight what I thought, finishing up my story witb June's letter. Well, my dear yinng lady thought there was something in it, and being upset, as I could see, begged Mr, Charles not to ride the horse. Bat he laughed the idea of anything being wrong to scorn, and said he most certainly should not go from hia promise to Miss Lyle. And aB after a good deal ol talking he brought my Jady to bis own way of thinking, I saw there was no use j'd my saying any more on the sub ject. For all they said to tbe contrary though, I couldn't get out of my head th»t something dreadful was going to happen, aud I never slept a single wink all that oiybt in conseque&oe;^ It was a presentiment that I had, and nothing could diive it away. Toe morning oama at last, and iny lady and I aUit&d; for the last meet of the season, picking up Mr. Charles fit bis own lodge-Rates, which were about half way, The meet waa at 81appington Caatle, where ths duke's family lived, and being the last d&y; or tha season there was an immense large company present, his grace having opened'bis house to all comers. It waB ttvalve be'ore they thought of making a move. "And now for this fiery steed that I am to ride ! Wbioh is it?" exclaimed Mr. Charles, aa he and my youcg lady, and MisB Lvle, all tbree together, emerged from the front door. "'iisiD is the 'OBS, sir," said Miss Lyle's msjj, indicating as he spoke to a very hand some oheanut horne.) oLicb t?as led about by a grorm, " Oh, that's bim is it ? Well, he's good look ing enough for anything," replied Mr, Charles; " bW.EJH a bit nervous thqugh," he added as he eyed; the nay the animal fidgeted about and faltered. "He'll be better after a bit, no doubt, when we move off, Now, ladies, let me put you up, and then I'll moant tha stranger and pnt him through his paces," And having put Mibs Lyle and my lady into their Baddies he jumped on the ohes int'a back, A good looking horse he was and no mistake, but there was a queer look about hia eye that I did not quite understand. However, thought I, It might be only fanoy on my part, and one thing iB very pertain, and taat is, that if you're trying any sramea on with Mr, Charles you'll find you've got your master, I fancy, Away we went across the park, to draw the Home Wood. The oheennt seemed rather excitable, but otherwise went very well, jumping a flight of rails, hia rider put him at, in the style ot an accomplished fencer, and having gona out of hia way to take him over one or t?ro osdicaiy fences cn fch3 way Mr. Charles pronounced Mies Lyle's cbeanat to oa a ntca howetnci nothing but it; "and I should say he would carry you, Miss L>le, like a bied." Well, we had no eport a* might be expected, the country being as dry as a bone and uoi at> atom o! scent, an-1 it waa simply a case of riding about from covert to covert All had gone well so far, and I had begun to think th*t -Tane Brown must have made a mistake and I was an .old v.'onu'.D, when all of a sudden as we -tfera fatai:dicB about in a road that ran between two wnc-C?, SEC I waa talking to a party of Baveriu hoiEenjen, I suddenly heard my nama msn tioLtrd A groom riaisg up with a pilaris was enquiring for Mr. blosa. " Thete'a been aa accideat," esys he, pointing ivitb hia whip dosin the road-''an aocideai to Mr. Peyton," be s^ys, "and your miasia is hclieiin' for you " I turned as white as a sheet, they told me, as I galloped off to wherel saw f-ignp of an unusual commotion* aod making my .way through the crowd a pretty eight mat my t-yet There in 'he middle of the road lay Mias Ityk-'s cbesaut hort-e stone dead. _ Close by, oupporttO in the arms oi thaduke hicaael?, who inelt by his side in tha road, la? poor Mr, Ohtsiles Peyton, a look like death on hiafaas; ??bi.'et on the other side, wiping his forehead with her handkerchief, knelt my poor mistress in a terrible state of distteas. Mias Ciyie, with a fijied etony look on her pale faoe, sat on her horce cloae by, " Here comes the doctor !" said feme one in the crowd, aa Dr. Jameson, who hapj.eted fca be out, arrived on thsi scene, jua pea off his horse, ana at ones knelt down by tLe injured man. He looked hard at him for a moment and then paaEed his hand over Mr, Charles's heart. "The duchess's carriage ia here, doofcor," said the duke. " He had better be driven up to the oastle had he not ? it's nearer than home, yon know," " The carriage by all means, your gracV' re plied the doctor, rising to his- legs, "but Mr. Peyton bad better be driven Btraight home," and he whispered something at the same time in the duke's ear, I saw a change come over the duke's face, aB he glanced hastily at my niielrePB, and I well knew what that whisper was. My poor mistress happening to look up saw the duke's pained expression and at once guessed the truth, Giving one look of re or o ana at Wiaa Lyle (I oan asBure you, gentlemen, that look sometimes hannta ma now) she fell in a swocn on the prostrate body of her lover, Yes, it was too true! Poor Mr, Oharlea Peyton would never more go out hunting orrido another steeplechase, He was dead, The chasnut, without the slightest warning, was suddenly eeizrd with a fit of what ia known as the '' staggers," had reared straight up on end and fallen back dead on the h^rd road, crashing his rider beneath him in his fall, It waa a oaae of a .' Woman's Vengeance," People deolared that Mis3 Lyle kniw all about the horse's infirmity when she bought it. and had adopted the txpedienl of getting Mr. Charles Peyton to ride the horse on tue off chance of a catastrophe happening, in order to revenge herself on the hated rival who had cut her out in her misplaced affections. It was a dreadful thing to Bay of any woman; but it is to be feared that the aoausation waa nothing but trnth. Anyhow, MiEa Lyle, finding herself avoided by everybody, shut up her house and went to live abroad, where she has been ever since, and where I sincerely hope she will stay, My mistreBB stayed on at the hall until the sqnire died, since whioh time she has never lived there. In the summer Bhe generally goes to some seaside place, the wilder and quieter tbe better. In the winter Bhe hunts, seldom in the same place for more than one seaBon, There ia one thing, gentlemen, that yon may be qnite certain that she will never do, and that ia " Marry," And yon know the reason why, __________________ 