Uxispokmed by the lesson- of the great strike, the shearers are now girding up their loins and preparing for another, under circumstances which exhibit an equal lack of the capacity of generalship. The leaders of the general strike, which caused so much loss and inconvenience, and the effects of which have not yet been over come, selected the worst battle-field, and the most disadvantageous ground possible when they made their effort. They chose the season of winter, when from natural causes there is less work available than at other portions of the'year, struck" directly at the general public instead of at the employers, they desired tq coerce, and also selected a time - when capitalists and people residing in all parts of Australia have a tendency to gravitate Melbournewards. This gave' the employers the ad vantage of that moral support which is obtained by confidence in the power of numbers working together. They were united close to the headquarters of the banking-houses with which they were accustomed to do business, and when they had occasion to telegraph to gentlemen still in the country they did so as a body, not as individuals. . The employers, there fore, were in a few days- better organised than the workmen. Before the Trades Hall trium virate had organised their system of distributing strike pay, the capitalists' cheques were flowing in from every quarter of Austra lia. The like mistake is about to be repeated by the shearers, who are beguiled to their ruin by similar bad leadership. Cer tainly, they have, since the last strike, which was of the " Come out of the sheds," " Go back to work," " Stop , where you are," '' What have you done last?" order, made " arrangements, organised their centres, and perfected their sys tem of distributing intelligence, no/mean task, considering how scattered they are. over a wide area. But, though thus . much has been accom- plished there still remains the fact that as they have progressed in organisation, their employers have done so in a greater'degree. A year'ago the pastoralists' were an unhanded body, with no central executive, /and only- limited means of communicating with each other. Now, -they are constituted one of the most powerful associations in Australia, with unlimited money, with power of obtaining . machinery for their sheds to substitute for manual labour, " and backed up by tlie full strength, capital, and in fluence of the Employers' Union. If the men's cause proved hopeless last year, what must it.be now ? The wool kings and the banks may for a season lose' much money, but inevitably the bulk of the loss must be borne by the workman who declares war against his employer 'inthe utterly hopeless attenqit to crush the principle of free dom of contract, which everyone' who lias ever had occasion to employ another human creature in any capacity is interested in maintaining,' On many stations great loss will be occasioned by tho shearers' refusal to earn their Wages in some of the back districts, where access to labour is restricted, the squatters may for the sake of having their clip ip timebe compelled to yield and make terms ; but that the strike ofl the whole will fail is inevitable, juifl glsp the natural outcome of that failure, the substitution of tho shearing machine for the shearer. .We read a few days ago the stpry of a Try Excelsior iad, a waif of tho streets of Melbourne, who described the excellent wages—somo L6 103 a week — he-was able to make travelling to different stations, and driving the Wolseley shearing machine, and unquestionably if the shearers persist in their present folly/liisexample will have many imita tors. Tho machine may or may not be as suc- cessiui as tno suniea snearer.; wo win admit for fhe sake of argument, it is not, Lift uqqqestioil- ably if, the shearers pursue their present' tnetics the employer lyill prefer a machinpevenif less efficient, which does not strike/ tp a member of a union always oh the bounce, especially, when his cause of grievance is not a teobhical trade dispute, but deliberate attempt ,to coerce his employer into' choosing men selected for him by , the union and to prevent his engaging others. It must be remembered, /top/that/tfip shearers' campaign starts at the most inopportune tinie, when the harvest being for the most. part in a large number of the nipn yvho poured to Mel bourne, and took the. places of the . strikers last year — places, many of thqm - have ' never regained— are available for"ser viclj; "arid who, though not Akihed,; are' teachable- ; It.riiay, too. bo noted hoW'tho.preyalence .pf disturbed condi tions in tho labour raarket js tenjingto oantract tlio amount p£ employment,, not only by restrict- ingtheoperationspf the capitalist, butbyinducihg him to have a greater! proportion of his work done by machinery. The Metropolitan Qas.Co,, for example, -taught by, experience, are stocking a, reserve of . tn thousand tons of coal, and are contemplating 'the use of- machinery to do their stoking automatiipallyj'a lesson which should not be lost on those rasli men being unable to estab lish 11 real grievance, seek to compol employers to engage only men having a Union Hall mark,. In the railway plant wearing out? It seems to ilk there is some necessity , to take stock of it, Qur last local accident appears, from tlie reports, bp have been largely attributable to fiefepHve material, arid within 'less than a fortnight We have two inore, reported, thq cause iif. each case, being the breaking of chain couplings. Inthe one caso at Drouin the coupling broke while on to flown grade, and ' thqgugine-driver to pre- vent being rfin ift.o by a section of his' own train promptly Adopted'- the 'poj.ipy p " full speed ahead,!' and. . ran/ , fa could, ebaaed by his own trucks/which even tually ran off the line and raised themselves up promiscuonsly. Iq the Sandhurst case a coupling broke while going the trucics i(h the van, as soon as' they had b»t "way," con ceived the idea of taking the guard back to Mel bourne, so that he might be awakened there and enabled to report that his portion of the train had' dissolved partnership with the locomotive and the remaining half. Had it not been for the promptitude of the station-master at St Albans, who switched the ' rapidly-travelling trucks on to the down track, and arranged for "line clear " to Melbourne, there would have been another smash up, some loss of life, and certain damage to property. And it seems to us, though being only laymen, and not traffic managers or -railway men— we speak with bated breath— that couplings warranted to part either going up' an incline, or going dpwn'one, are not of much use on the "Victorian railways. Of course, accidents will occasionally occur in the conduct of large systems, but the fact that this is the third lot of invalided couplings that have given up the ghost this year, seems to indicate that some of the department's plant requires to go into hospital. Because, though luckily so far, it has only been the , couplings attached to trucks which have to bear' great weight and sustain severe strain that have given way, it may not always he so, and trucks travelling back to Spen cer-street at the rate of 60 utiles an hour, carry ing a drowsy guard, would b.e an inconvenient obstacle for an up passenger train to meet. Therefore, especially during the grain season, when fbere is much extra traffic tp provide for, we would suggest there is need for enquiry into; the conditions of the railway plant. 