W1LI1H, CHAPTER XIII.— THE TRUANT OF THE HERMITAGE. CHAPTER AI v. — UN GUARD. CHAPTER XV.— IN THE FRIAR'S: AVENUE. CHAPTER XVI. -UNDER PETTICOAT GOVERNMENT. CHAPTER XVII.— THE WIDOW OPENS THE BATTLE. CHAPTER XVIII.— COLONEL CLIF- FORD OBEYS ORDERS. CHAPTER XIX. -MRS. RIVERS' MASKED BATTERY. CHAPTER XX BEFORE THE STORM. CHAPTER XXL— STAY AND SPARE NOT; ' CHAPTER XXII. -MACLEAN'S VALET. CHAPTER XXIII.— THE SECRET OF MO RD AD NT WASTE. CHAPTER X.— Continued. Blanche felt a strange sense of con straint, a chilling sensation of .disap pointment. It was hard to find any thing to say to that hard, inflexible face. But Harry, who was equal to a conversational monologue at any time, talked away, and did his best to draw Blanche's hero out. " I trust you have no objection to fighting your battles over again, Colonel Clifford?" ho said, eying his 'tall companion. " Blanche is soldier- .xnad, you know, and nothing less than the whole Crimean campaign will ; satisfy her. You'll find . it fatiguing v very likely, but you're in for it. Itus- ; sinus may have some mercy, but' a woman has none. By-the-bye, you'll meet some what's-their-name — brother- in-arms — over there at Dareport ; one or two of your old regiment oven, I ; believe." ' The face of Edward Clifford flushed doep dark-red, and liis bold, black eyes fell. " I have no desire to meet any of my old comrades," ho said, curtly. " The circumstances under which I return — the painful past — tho — — " He stopped confusedly. " I wisli to renew no old acquaintance, nor form any new ones. I prefer to remain entirely alone for the present." " Oh ! >' Harry drawled ; "Diogenes and his tub — Robinson Crusoe at Mor- daunt Waste ! Your views of life appear to have changed consider ably of late. I thought the stories they tell at the me3s-table of your wonderful conviviality and good-fel lowship had a touch of the long bow. They'll rather wonder at the change, the fellows of the Fifteenth, at your turning hermit, and living alone with the friar's ghost. Do you re member meeting an Englishman, a Scotchman rather, named Maclean, out in Callao last year ? Ho tells me he met you there ; and as he's a tenant of yours now, perhaps you'll like to renew his acquaintance? ' Again the deep-red flush rose over | Edward's swarthy faco, "No," ho said, sullenly; "I wish to | renew no one's acquaintance. I re- 1 member no Maclean at Callao. A man I can't bo expected, to keep posted as to | every John Bull or raw-boned Scotch man he meets on his travels.'' There was something so vindictivo in his tone, something so rude in his words, that Blanche iooked at him in shocked wonder. But her brother was in no wise moved. "Very true," he said, in his softest voico; only when the 'raw-boned Scotchman ' happens to save our life, it gives him, well, a slight claim to aplaco in our recollection. But, perhaps, the street bawl in which he saved you from a Spanish dirk has slipped your memory too." " I was ill of a fever after I left Callao," Edward Clifford said, with a moody look of injury; "it was at Granada ; a very dangerous brain fever, in which my life and reason were both despaired of. I recovered, contrary to all oxpeotation ; but a very remarkable ohange had been wrought : all tho past was a blank. I remem bered nothing of my whole life before that fatal fever— not my own name." Blanche uttered an exclamation. Harry looked at him furtively, a curious twinkle in his eyes, but his face preternatu rally sclemn. The ex- colonel was gazing into his plate. Ho did not seem to fancy meeting their gazo. "Ah," Harry said, pathetically, " what a very remarkable fever, and how I wish some of my creditors could catch it ! If only a man's boot maker and tailor lost their memory, what an olysium this earth would be 1 And so you have forgotten everything, and tho waters of Lethe arc no fable after all ? I'll mention it to Maclean ; it may save him some trouble. Ho appeared to liavo been tolerably inti- inato with you out there. Most as tonishing case you over heard of — eh, Blanche ?" There was a covert mockery in Harry's tone which his sister was quick to detect. The painful sense of constraint deepened. It was a reliof when dinner was over and they returned to tho drawing- room. . Tho Harrovian stretched himself upon a sofa, and went on with his work of drawing out the returned hero ; but Colonel Clifford drew out so extremely fine that even Harry was baffled. Of his battles in India and Russia, of his travels in South America and .Central Asia, Edward Clifford was strikingly reserved and taciturn. " ' On their own merits modest men aro dumb,' " quoted Harry. " My own case precisely. I've covered my self with glory some hundreds of times in stand-up fights with bigger boys ; I've had a set-to with a distinguished member of the P.R., Bully Bugles, and I licked Bully ; but I never speak of those exploits. It's not a lack of memory either; it's genuine innate modesty — the real, unadulterated bimon Pure. Let's have somo music, Blanche. Talking don't seem to bo tho colonel's forto." Edward Clifford took his departure early. He was stopping at one of the Dareport hotels. The brother and sister watched him mount his horse and rido away in the soft summer moonlight. He had agreed before that leave- taking to accompany them to Clifford Park on the morrow, and remain their giiest for the present. "Rum sort of chap, that hero of yours; Blanche," the Harrovian- said, as the dark horseman disappeared ; " don't remember his oldest friends, or tho man that saved his life a year ago, and oats fish with his knife. But, then, that fever ! How is your ideal now', my dear romantic, novel-reading sister ! Considerably shattered, eh ? If he were anything less than a hero, and the last of all the great Cliffords, who never go wrong, I should say he was about the greatest guy and the sulkiest lout I've come across latoly. The man who can eat salmon cutlets with his knife, and drink out of his finger glass, is capable of any earthly crime." But Blanche was gone. She flitted up the dark polished oaken stairway, and disappeared in her own room. The night lamp burned dim, but the lovely summer moonlight streamed in, and put to shame its feeble glimmer. She blew it out, and sat down by the window, her chin resting on her hand, the deep dark eyes looking thought fully out over the silvery groves of fern, the waving trees, the velvet green glades of Mordaunt Waste. And so the dream of her life was realised — Edward Clifford was come. A cold, leaden sense of chill and dis appointment weighed down her heart' like lead. He was so different — oh, so different! — from the Edward she lemembered, from the hero of her dreams. She had read, she had heard of his brilliant exploits, of his match less bravery — how he had swept down an , incarnate whirlwind upon hordes of turbaned Sikhs and Kafirs, and turned the tide of victory at the last hour— how he had stormed, batteries and led forlorn hopes, and ridden with the glorious Six Hundred up the deadly heights of Balaklova. And when her eyes had flashed and her' cheeks flushed, and her heart throbbed almost to bursting with pride and joy, she had remembered that this invincible hero, this Occur de Lion, find kissed and caressed her at parting, and given her the solitaire she wore by night and by day as a token of his love. ".My hero ! my king!" the young enthusiast would cry, passionately kissing it. " I would die for you ! Oh, to be a man, and such a man as ho ! Oh, - for the dear old days of chivalry and romance, when girls could , go disguised and play page at least to . their liege lord and knight I My own bravo Edward !" And now — the .great dream of her life was realised — and the lion-hearted had come. A tall, blaclc-browed, sullen gontleman, wrapped in gloom, as in a mantle, guilty of awkwardness that madethehigh-brcdyounglady's hair rise, and most shamefully ungrateful to the man who, only a year before, had saved his life. One by one the slow tears arose in tho proud eyes, and fell, she was so unutterably shocked and dis appointed — her idol of gold was but potter's clay. Poor Blanche ! The hours of the genial J uly night wore on — she had little desire for sloop. A sonorous clock over the stables struck loudly the midnight hour before she awoke from her painful reverie. With a long shivering sigh slip was about to rise and prepare for bed, when something caught her eye that riveted her to tho spot, and set her heart beating wildly with a sensa tion- nigli akin to terror. A figure was moving amid tho shrubbery — a tall figure, wearing somo kind of dark shrouding gar ment, not unlike a priestly soutane. Slowly it moved — now stopping — now going on — now lost in dense shadow, now distinct in tho brilliant light of the moon. It left the shrubbery and entered tho Eriar's Avenue. Was it tho Friar's ghost taking his customary midnight airing, and telling its ghostly beads under tho monastic oaks ? No — the vivid moon light streaming full on the lonely figuro, its hertd turned . towards the watcher's window, showed Miss Clifford tho handsome face, bronzed and bearded, of Maclean, tho tenant of tho Hermitage. Blanche drew her breath again— she had been terribly startled. Mr. Maclean wore a long, loose, picturesque looking cloak, and a broad-brimmed ' Spanish sombrero, and was altogether not unlike a brigand in a play, or a sentimental cavalier come to sing his midnight serenade under his lady's lattice. He did nothing of tho kind, however; "he paced briskly up and down tho long leafy aisle, in the solemn beauty of tho night, for nearly an hour. Blanche watched him through it all — surprised, curious, amused. Then he plungod witli a crash into tho fir plantation and disappeared. "How odd," Blancho thought, lan guidly, forgotting all about her cousin in this new sensation ; " what a very eccentric personage this Mr. Maclean must be. But then authors aro all eccentric, I believe. I should, like to know him, I fancy, and I must road his books. He has boon a great traveller, and is wonderfully clever, I suppose. He has the faco for it, and I like clever men." The ox-cavalry colonel and tho ec centric tenant of the Hermitage wore queerly enough mixed up in Miss Clif ford's dreams that night. She awoke from one — amost vivid vision— in which a glistening- blade snake, with the wide, vei vet eyes and silken ' smile of Grace llivers, was about to spring upon her with its deadly folds, while Edward stood by with grimly'foldcd arms and gloomy face. She struggled — she. strove to cry out — her last hope was gone, when crashing out of the fir trees came the tall Maclean, and his blackthorn whirled through the air and came down like the stroke of doom on the hooded serpent head. And Ed ward slunk moodily away, and the handsome tenant of the Hermitage had knelt on one knee before her on the greensward, his kingly brow uncovered, and said, "Look at me, Blancho, I am ' And just here a sunbeam darting across her sealed eyelids awoke the pretty dreamer, who started up in bed, laughing and blushing at her very ill regulated dreams. " How absurd, the idea of my dream ing of that Mr. Maclean? Well, I leave Mordaunt — ah, dear old Mor daunt ! — to-day, so the eccentric author and his nocturnal rambles, are likely to trouble me no more." CHAPTER XII. the bpell of the ciroe. Cousin Edward rodo over from Dareport in time for breakfast. Then the trio started in the pony-chaise for Clifford Park, Blanche driving. "Cut along through the west gate, Blanche," Harry observed, "I've a word to say to Maclean." Blanche obeyed. The tenant of the Hermitage was stretched lazily beneath a big branching oak, smoking his choroot, and watching the vivid azure of the July sky, as seen through the glistening foliage. His long, lean, wolfhound lay stretched out beside him, and master. and.dog made a very striking tableau, set in vivid green. "I say, old fellow," Harry called. "I've a message from Sir Everard Fernleigh. He wants you to dine with him this evening, and give him the benefit of your views — hanged, if I don't forget what ! I strongly recom mend you to be punctual, and give me your opinion of bis old claret, and his St. Ju lien with the black seal. And, oil, Adeline says you're to fetch her a batch of French novels, and finish teaching her all-fours. She'd conie to you, only. she's afraid it wouldn't be: strictly proper. My sister, Miss Clifford — Mr. Maclean. She goes in no end for authors and poets, and, all such small deer, so I expect you'll be sworn friendsdirectlv." Mr. ' Maclean had sprung' up, and stood unoovered. before the pretty chatelaine. He bowed low at Harry's very free and easy introduction. " My authorship will have done me' its pleasantest service if it' induces Miss Clifford to add me to the list of her friends," he said, with a. .smile Blanche liked — bright and clear as the sunshine itself. I'll attend to your behests, Harry, and Miss Fernleigh's also. Ah, Colonel Clifford, happy to meet you again ! I confess," with a keen glance, "I should hardly have recognised you though ! You have changed out of all knowledge since we parted last at Callao." Colonel Clifford muttered something, not very distinctly, and looked away from the piercing black eyes of his tenant. "He had a fever out in — what's the place, colonel ? — and lost his memory altogether. Don't remember anything now," said tho Harrovian, with a. wink of intense significance. " Convenient sort of fever to catoh, eh, Maclean? Blancho, don't stare so — it's rude. You'll make Maclean blush." For Blanche was staring quite wildly at the tenant of tho Hermitage, At her brothor's remark sho blushed red as a sunset sky, while Mr. Maclean laughed good-naturedly. " I resemble someone Miss Clifford lias met before, perhaps," he said, with a glance from the splendid dark eyes that thrilled tho girl strangely. "I wish you good morning." He stood barehcadod until the car riage disappeared, and still Blanche wore that startled face. Suddenly she turned upon the colonel. "Cousin Edward, do you know, how very strongly you resomble that man ?" . , " What, Maclean ? No — surely not." " But you do," excitedly. " It was that made me stare so. How very rude you aro, Harry, to draw attention to it as you did," ' "Nob half so rudo as yourself," re torted Harry. "If Maclean had been tho pig-headed latlv, you couldn't have looked him out of countenance more. If you had gazed much longer he might linvo thought you wero falling in lovo with him, and taking his photograph in your mind's eye." "Nonsense; but the resemblance — don't you see it, Harry ?'' " Can't say I do. Maclean's much tho better looking man of tho two, if you permit me to say so, colonel. Both are black as the — don't look alarmed, Blancho,- I won't mention him — but Colonel Clifford's general expression of countenance says ' Go to the devil,' as plainly as words, whilst Maclean's rather a pleasant-lookingiellow on the whole. I hope you don't object to plain speaking, my dear Clifford turning with charming frankness to the Indian officer; "it's a way I have." " So I perceive," answered Colonel Clifford, with a frigid face, "and a most disagreeable way, I should imagine your acquaintances find it." " And Harry; like most other people who plume themselves upon their ' plain speaking,' will take plain speaking from no one else," said Blancho, in mighty displeasure. "These Harrow boys havo become a byword for their impertinence. So the tenant of the Hermitage visits at Sir Everard Fernleigh's ? " " Quite intimate there," responded hor brother, in nowise quenched, "and very jolly feeds the old baronet gives. His St. Julien is nectar for tho gods, and his maraschino something to bo dreamed of in one's visions of Para- diso. Adeline's the only drawback, with her flaming dresses, and her loud stylo generally ; but Maclean, who is next door to an angel as to temper, finds her endurable. And he and the old cock — beg pardon for the slang, Blanche, mean Sir Everard, of course — argue about no end of philo sophical and metaphysical things, till all's blue, and the baronet loses his temper and gets badly floored. Then they go to ecarte, and Maclean beats him at that, and they part deadly enemies until — noxt time." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 