LADIES' COLUMN. FASHION NOTES. A stylish visiting dress is of black Irish poplin, with a panel af turquoise blue poplin embroidered with jot j full plastron, also em- broidered with jot : bonnet of black lace ornamented with jet sprays. Robes still retain the tendency to length, with a ghost of a train, and a sort of umbrella expansion. Sleeves continue to be worn high, and tito shoulders square. Pinks and blues aro the reigning colours. Black toilettes are still very popular. Black alpaca is used with good effect. Simple and stylish is a gown of Mack alpaca, semi-fitting, tlie jacket cut with rounded basque. There arc thrco huttons across thc chest, the vest, which is not conspicuous, being of white drill speckled black. Heliotrope and brown and green and brown combine well in millinery. Flowers resting on tho hair under thc brim of the hat are always becoming. Salplmr-coloured roses look charming in a black lace hat. Block wings and wild pink roses on a foundation of block lace straw make a very lovely toque. Striped flannels and blue serges arc the dominating dress materials for travelling, the seaside, or tho country. They wear well and look thc same if simply mode. The stuffs must bc good, und can bc enhanced with silk ornamentations. For evening wear foulards, satinettes, and muslins. A becoming Btyle of milking up all soft flimsy material is to cut the bodice nn the cross, and fold in round thu figure over a deep yoke nf coarse lace. Have a plain Bkirt, ana sew an to it r?und the hips just io meet thc bodice a deep flounce of the lace. The sleeves wood look best puffed over daep cuffs of lace. Tho fashion is to put a double frill finely kilted down the full front of the blouse, or one frill to reach just below thc bust. Thc collar liRini is straight, xi ide, omi made willi folds of silk. There are no sides, back, nor sleeves to thc blouse from, hut it keens well in place beneath the open fronts of tue coat bodice if properly arranged. Tlic smoking jacket for women is the latest of Now York novelties. It is not at all mannish in shape, but it !B severely made with frills or plaits, to afford no cover for the smoke. Pongee silk is the favourite material, and a certain Royal Princess has one in a colour appropriately called ' toboc ' of linen, lined with dead gold eurah. Pink and yellow is a favourite millinery combination ; so too are yellow and violet. Black straws are used to the exclusion of white, but various shades of fawn are popular, and some of thc French model bonnets and hats are of faun colour, shading to brown. Brims of hats and bonnets are meant to bc nipped or bent to suit the face of the wearer. There was a time when a black dress was never seen at a wedding ; now, on the con- trary, black is most fashionable for weddings. Rut, halte la! let us see (says Le Journal des Modes) what kind of black is worn. First, thc dress itself, is of the richest of perfection of silk, and thc skirt is edged round with a lace flounce, embroidered wi ¡h glittering gems. The jacket bodice is opened also over a waist- coat of the same glittering embroidery, com- posed of pearls, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds, and it is, moreover, edged round with a deep lace flounce, Uko the nomico on the skirt, and the steeves are likewise entirely of the sumo lace. The chi: of new gowns lies in the bodice, ns tho skirts arc uniformly plain. The fancy of the moment is for bodices with jacket fronts, short and jaunty Zouaves or Figaros cut in new and varied ways. The top'of thc jacket is sometimes shaped in two square corners above thc armholes, with Upping stitched edges falling on a full vest-a pretty fashion for snowflake wools or fine mohairs. Other jacket fronts are formed entirely of wide moiré sash ribbon overa crépon bodice. Lace Zouaves are on crêpe de Cbine gowns ; very square revers, or gathered jabot revers, edge other Zouaves, and an entire jacket of crépon (sleeveless, of i course), is worn over a bodice of India silk. There is just now a great fancy in London for trimming gowns with black lace. The taste for black lace has in many cases superseded that earlier expressed for Irish lace and cream guipure, which necessarily gives a more summery look to a gown, and that is not always desirable. Thc basque if of black lace can bc worn very deep, and sleeves and yoke are covered with this delicate veiling-not only eilk dresses, but gowns of thin texture, ucn aa nun's veiling and printed delaine are properly trimmed with black hu». Thc basque of lace is often set on beneath a narrow lusaue of material, which is cut iu short square tabs. This plan may bc varied by gathering the lace so as to form a heading. Thc lace used is not by any means heavy, and Spanish laces never appear. 