WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES Gl lUKS I S AGAFffST OUR WILL. "No, I do not beliivv in ghiists," »iti w old lady of gi-eat expcrietiiv. " imt I iielieve m the ministration of spirits." is not the a^e nor the country in which 1 * M;pe;TiHtur.il flourishes. Interest centres about tin- pi- actICMI. Hriunti'd houses are .rented without H'ltat diriieuky, if the laudlcfrd u willing to knock off a portion offtlie lvnt. Thei-e are many, however, who -wftl admit thu «*>:erlioii at times of »oiue4>^culiaiin!liiPiiee.svv.ij ii»y<>iir:u'tioiis. We. .ire led tf» do _ things we slvmld not do of our uwu volition—the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards; then we w.mder how we came to do them. We are fureed to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which gnide-s into the wisest courses.' IN this practical age lvsults are what pf^ople an* looking after. They believe iu what they see; tlie "evidence of things not seen" is" tn be weighed ill the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt th» skill of the physician, and enquire into his methods of medication. A happy tiling it. in sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1S1X): -^"During the past sixteen years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of tlie kidneys, and in latter years my eomiilaintbecame more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains iu the back. -1 had often prolonged headaches, the result , of liver disorder. 1'or years I thus suffered, and I thougllt this disorder of the kidney*, and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally 1 tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did. I experience any amelioration in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change, and four bottles effected' a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale-Ktreet, Melbourne, Rays:—"30th October, IS'.HJ—For some yejrs I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often -with unbearable pains in the back an-.I'i right side, and my digestive organs were out of order. In addition I was afflicted v.&h; £ congestion of the liver and periodical hajiilrl aches of a severe' nature. My suffering jmjTf, quickly removed when resorting to WarnerSi safe cure, of which I took four '-|>ottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, wliile my kidne.vs were restored to healthy action."' ;31vz 