TO TIIE EDITOR OF TILE BTANDARD. Sin,-I am sensible--one moment while I draw on my gloves before again handling that " little vulgar boy"-I was saying Sir. that I am sensible of the tribute paid to my skill by your correspondent in securing me for the box seat of his green. cart I How longheaded is even the dullest of Fcotch laddies ' Providing beforehand for the safety of himself and friends in their early and possibly life-journey to the asylum l .But, Mr Editor, as your readers know, the green cart is an idiomatically Irish appliance, and the ," bull" of placing me in the one seat provided for a sane man is too sweetly Ilibernian to have been moulded in a scotch brainpan I I infer that in addition to your correspondent there is "a gintleman near who is anxious I should tread on the tail of his coat"l In fact, " I rather think that there are several vulgar boys about"! I am greatly exercised that my self sufficiency should give so much umbrage to one who has so very humble an opinion of himself as your corres pondent ! I had thought that since my con ceits tended to set off his modesties he had been gratified I Is there not something under that conciet that excites hie envy? lPerchance that uncommon sense which restrains it from such public ex hibitions as some smaller vanities indulge ? Not long since our citizens enjoyed a spectacle affording them much pleasure and some amusement. There is a Dutch pro verb which goes ! " Put a monkey in the saddle and you wont see his tail"l We saw that proverb illustrated on the occasion referred to, by a doubled up and washed out figure that hove into eight now and again,. and whose entire appearance suggested nothing more forcibly than the limp, de acted Simian, soldiering to the tune of a bnarrel organ within reach of tile whip! Your correspondent got no credit that day, and cash being notoriously scarce these degener ate times, hlie went-I am credibly informed to roost with a strango bedfellow, to wit, a serious and sober mind I It is only now, while writing, that his object in ".Running a muck at me like a flock of green geese I" dawns upon me. It could only have been that exalted intelect with its concomitant conceit, that hitherto blinded my vision I Forsooth, Mr Editor, he is advertising himself Scotch fashion, i.e. gratis, at your expense ! Lot me suggest an equally economical and more manly mode than beating about the bush in your columns for sticks, stones and dirt to throw at "a poor old man" past taking care of himself: lay : lie stood on his head for a short spell every morning outside his office door, beat ing the ambiat air with those bony spindles, which in shapely men are termed legs I It is not every vulgar boy who-either end up would exhibit the same amount of under standing I Crown the picture with the appiropriate, and to' his clients, sugeestive motto in large let:ers, " Heads I wins, tails you looses I" Ihon't you think, Mr Editor, it would draw t I do, but perhaps it is only my intense conceit that leadsmo to that con clusion I It is a noteworthy feature of this " outer fringe of civilisation" that the installation of legal tolht is not of a nature to impress one " muclly" with the majesty and inteloctual grandcurof the law. Three blind mice, cuo how they run, I hey've all got scent of the "encore" flask I And they jam the bung hole of the whiskey cask l What wonder ! Such spirits they bring to their lask, These three blind mice ! I anm sensible thatan apology is due to my frienlcds for merging ats Llnimortant qluestion into the ridiculous and absurd by first and ngai i noticing the silly abuse of your corres piuldent. Once in the Forumn however, and thie i pollio around you, there is no choice of weac ens. And then ! What can a " poor senile old hmn," Mo neardiseohltion. do hut crnck his whip, to keep the jackals from his expiring carcass, till he have titme decently to give up the ghost ? A cruel picture, truly ! I see another, and nearer the truth. Irn the not distant future this " poor old man" will help to lay your correipondent low de fatr n he does d jure, by these Presents and hI life as in death the legend will read. " IIICJAETr" Thomas Graham, known as the little vtal gor boy i A long farewell, Mr Editor, frean Yours truly; B. . . . A. B. AINsowrTn. 