' NATIONAL PROTESTANT CONGRESS, BRIGHTON. Paper by the Rev. E. Ashton Jones (Wesle- , yan Minister), on "The growth of . , Ritualisih and Priestly Power in English VillageB.'n The villages of our land have recently been very much in evidence. One of our leading newspapers, the Daily News has been send ing a commissioner to enquire into their condition. His investigations, however, have .been ; mainly confined to their political and social conditions, side lights only, being thrown on the higher questions of morality .and religion. It is onr pnrpose, however, in this paper to supply that wherein he is lack ing ; for, while he has been making his investigations in one direction, we, too, have .been making ours in another, and have been endeavouring, by correspondence and other wise, to ascertain the spiritual condition of our villages, and especially in view of this aspectof it, — how far, and to what extent, it .is true that Ritualism, sacerdotalism, hier archical pretensions, and the like, are spread ing and taking hold upon the rural popnlation of onr country. Now, there are, so it is calculated, upwards , of twenty thousand villages in England and Wales — places, i.e., having a population of four thousand and under, and all my investi gations lead me to conclude that almost 'UniverBally in all these villages, hamlets, : small towns, and scattered rnral districts, .Bitnalism, sacerdotalism, and priestly power, : is slowly — it may be yet steadily— increasing. -The younger clergy are, to a very large . extent, " priests," and whenever a benefice falls vacant, and a new incumbent is ap- v;pointed, in nine cases out of ten he signalixes .his induotion by the introduotion of certain .innovations- all more or less Romish in their tendency, thereby in many instances, produc ing discord and strife, scattering the con- . gregations, and alienating some of the very -best; and most spiritually-minded people : oyer whom he has been placed as shepherd and guide. i ! Nor should it be forgotten either thatinot only is that veiled Romanismi(if indeed it be i at all veiled), of which we have this after noon to speak, spreading, but also Romanism properly so- called. We have not time just now to enter into the subject, but -in passing I may say that not only in our large towns, and where there are -very considerable Irish population, is Roman Catholicism very -much , in.,o.y'denoe, but.ithat even . in our smaller towns and villages is it gradually, yet surely, -gaining a footing. - One ;6f the finest - occles- J iastieal edifices in the , whole , of the West of England is; a Roman iOatholio. church in- a iiSnaall.BeBBide .village-on the/Devonshire coast, -;and,(in another small,'? but growing, seaside town..or-?village,,tjn8tla.?f6w miles distant, jjWhere ; thereiip, was i; ' absolutely -no Roman hOatholicism .a few years since, there is now a very extensive . foreign Romanist establish- ,ment,. and in connection with both placos are .sohools .in v;,'whioh Protestant children are |gathered,\ahd .where That, hoiveyof, by'ihe way ; only let it be remem- i'befeditliat'wbat is happening in Devonshire \- isataking : place also in other parls of the tiC0'autry,aB .I should he able to show had I time, -w,hich,.;hpweyer, J have. not, further to discuss , Jjthis gnestiqn. I must, according to the terms fjOfr.Tby'paper, ; confine myself to the spread ' of RituBlisuQ and priestly power in our villages ' and 'furaTdistricts, more especially in connec- stibh'with the Church of England,' that Church Gwhich' even Ij as a Nonconformist, venerate trasi/'Hih mother of us all," but which is be- coming, alas, to so alarming an extent tainted with tms terrible and (shall I call it) infec tions disease. That this is so, that the " scarlet fever " of Romanism is thus spreading, cannot be for one moment doubted. Dr. Stevenson, the president of the Wesleyan Conference, re ferred to this in his inaugural address at Nottingham in July last, and denounced in no unmeasured terms the insidious and anti- Evangelical influences at work in tha rural districts of the country, and in the course of a very remarkable sermon preached by him at the same place and on the same occasion, made these observations, which, as coming from the head of so. important a religious community, are very significant, and, I may add,, also satisfactory ; — "We can be nothing but' enemies, enemies to the death, of Romish doctrine, 'whether it comes to us honestly from 'the city of, the seven hills, or comes to us under an alias, and in a disguise, from places nearer home. The eyetem now so earnestly and persistently proolaimed from many of the pulpits of the Anglican Church, and from dqor.to door hy many of its emie- eariea, is one which we helieve to he opposed to the spiritual welfare, as well as, we he lieve, to the .religions, and ultimately even to the civil, liberties of the people of this country." The official dopnments of the Wesleyan body make reference also to the same sub ject, " There are hundreds of villages (so it is stated in a recent Home Missionary Report) in many of which the worst errors whioh are found in the teachings and conduct of some of the clergy of the Oburch of England are offensively and dangerously rife, and where the coming generation are in danger of being reduced to the ignorance and superstition and the spiritual slavery of the Popery of the middle ages." And the seoretary also of the same department wrote me only a few weeks ago stating that although it is a most diffi cult thing to gather statistics relating to the question, yet there can be no doubt that Ritualism, with all that accompanies it, is spreading fast in the villages. It may be said to be the form of revival that the Ghurch takes among the villages." Some time ago I road an address delivered by the president of the Devon Baptist Asso ciation, in whioh, answering the objection that the Baptists were not needed in the villages, and might very well leave them, he says that " they dared not, seeing that the other religious agencies to whioh they would then be left, oonid not be trusted. To do so would be to leave the rural parts to the sacer dotal party, the surest means of seourlng that tboy should hocome, what some persons affirmed that they already were, 'the darkest part of England.' But I do not wish simply to deal in generalities. I want to bring for ward facts, figures, inoideuts, illuBtrations, bearing upon this question. We have already asserted that Ritualism is spreading, and that in our oountry villages it, with all that it im plies, is upon the inorease. But what proof have we of this? Where is the evidence ? I. — We have it first of all in the more ornate character of the services, and in the mare elaborate decorations af the churches, which are certainly more Romanistio than they used to be when some of us were younger, and are becoming increasingly so. This strikes an outsider perhaps more forcibly even than a Churchman. Some time ago I attended oasually a small parish church in the neighbourhood of Dartmoor. The servioe was choral, the choir snrplicad, the " altar " had upon it a huge cross smothered with flowers, flanked, too, on either side with candles (unlighted, however). All turned to the east at the Creed, and certain of the con gregation I noticed were very profuse in their bowings and their croBsings, and varions other " posturingB," which to a " simple " person like myself were not very intelligib'e. The service, although the prinoipal one of the day, was very short. It only lasted fifty minutes, and we were sent away without a sermon. The ornate character of the services, and the very elaborate manner in which the ohnrohes are deaorated, and the " altar " is adorned with crosses, flowers, candles, &o.;, is very striking and suggestive. In many instanceB the services, and especially on great occasioDs, am scarcely to be distinguished from those of Rome, if indeed in some oases they do not actually exceed them. Recently a church was opened in the Mid lands in a remote country district, built by a duke and opened under the most distinguished patronage. There were two Bishops present, one of whom, the Bishop of the diocese, wore on his back, or rather on "the back of his cope, a brilliant picture of the crowned Madonna with her uncrowned child JesuS"." The service was of the most elaborate charac ter, and at the High Mass whioh followed all : the accessories, formalities, and words even of the Roman ceremonial were employed. Romish vest meats were worn hy the oele- brant and assisting priests, there was a cere- moniouB mixing of water with wine, wafer ? bread was used, a crucifix stood upon the altar, candles were lighted in broad midday, i the Agnus Dei was sung after the conseora- tion, and immediately the words " This is My , body " were spoken, the elements were , elevated and adored. One is scarcely snr- ! prised to read, after such a beginning (for i such histrionic performances are seldom con- ; fined to deep spiritual religion) that tennis- ! \- playing takes place on Sunday afternoonB on the ducal lawn adjoining the chnroh, ahd- tbat so great had the scandal heoome, that his Grace's chaplain felt himself constraihed to take np his parable against it and denonnoe it. Some time ago there appeared in the Church Times a desoription of the opening of another country church, the Chapel ..of Danstone College. _ The account is too iong to read, but the ceremonial, at which no fewer than three Bishops assisted, one of theni an " Archbishop-eleot," with .its banners, its prooessionB, its crossEsi its Gregorian mnsic, its pastoral staff, its cruoifer, its . aoolytes, <5tc., reads as" if it were the dedication of a Popish Maas-house rather than a -Protestant place of worship. , I must, however, read to you an acdount which appeared in the Church Times of Friday, Oct. 9, 1891— the conseoration of a qhnroh at Morton, near Gainsborongh : — "The. village was astir,- very early, as the conseora- tioh servioe began at 8 a.m. The .Bishop of Lincoln, (who was attired in cops and mitre), with Canon Bramley and the Rev. Dr. Cox as his chaplains, was met at the oburcbyard gates hy the long procession; of ohoir and;. clergy with the processional: cross of carved oak, the Rev. G. Danks (the vipar) at their head. Immediately ; on the conclusion of the oon- seoration, _ which was witnessed hy a large congregation of the parishioners and others, the celebration of the Holy Communion followed. Two great tapers, standing on the altar steps in massive candlesticks of turned oak, were lighted, as well as two of the six altar lights. The Bishop was himself the celebrant, wearing his cope, and, apparently observing the Lambeth Judgment, turning slightly to the people at the " Fraction." The Rev. Canon Warner and the Rev. F. Wallis were gospeller and epistoler. The Rev. Canon Bramley received and readjusted the mitre. After the consecration a little prooession was formed to the Altar of St. Hugh, to whioh the Bishop of Nottingham and his chaplains carried a portion of the oon- seorated elements. Then was witnessed a highly remarkable and memorable, sight, the two Bishops of the English Church feeding the faithful with the Bread of Life simultaneously, at two closely, adjoining altars. As the approach to St. Hugh's chapel was quits separate from that to the high altar, this arrangement was of convenience to the con gregation, over a hundred of whom then com- mnnicated. The scene in that beautiful chancel of St. Paul, with all its rich adjuncts, when the reverend Bishop, in mitre and cope, with pastoral staff in left hand, gave the KlAQainop af. fVtO n1r\aa fVta /litrina ApRraa the kaeeling faithful, will not readily be for gotten, and appeared to deeply impress the village congregation which Mr. Danks's faith ful labours have gathered together." Another description from the same source may be given of a servioe whioh took place just three weeks ago in a country churoh in North Devon, in connection with the dedica tion of a new rood-soreen, ohoir-stalls, and Mary-window. The day's prooeedings com menced with a procession and " Misaa Can tata," at which the screen and crucifix, choir. stalls, and Mary window were dedicated. " Solemn evensong was sung by the Vicar. After the office and before the sermou, there was a procession with cross and banner, the hymn being the one written hy Canon Bright on ritual. The prooession ended with the General Thanksgiving. Before the blessing iio.Te Deum was solemnly sung as an aot of thanksigiving for the ingathering of the har vest, the choir and eleven clergy forming a cross before the altar. The ohuroh has lately been beautified by the addition of the fonrteen stations of the oross." Similar desoriptions might he multiplied, and parish after parish mentioned, in whioh observanoes of a like charaoter take place. In one, a country parish near Plymouth, not lung since, during a retreat of the clergy, "The. Litany of Our Lady " was sung every after noon during " Benediotion," the whole servioe being in Latin and the sacrament reserved: throughout the week. It would be tedious, howeyer, to continue these citations. We; will pass on, then, to remark that, ' ' II. The growth of Ritualism and priestly : power in our villages is further evidenced by the character of the teaching lohich prevails. Baptismal regeneration, transubstantiation, apostolic succession, anrioular confession, priestly absolution, prayers for the dead — these are amongst the dogmas wbiot; are being sedulously iuouloated from many of the pulpits of our villagoB, and especially in the schools. , I hold hero in my hand a copy: of a hymn sung iu a village day-sohobl in Yorkshire. I, will, read, it to you : — .. J. am a little Catholic, ' . 1 love- my;Ohurch and sohool; . . I-lovo .my dear .old English Church, ; . < . Ilovo her faith and rule. ' j.- ' I'm not a little Frotoetant, ; Ab Bomo-would have me say.; i- ! I'm 'not a little, Romanist, ' ' So call mo what ' you' may. ' " I lovo the bleBsod. SaoramentB, . : - . ,-/! Thdyaro'whdt JosuB'gavoi; r Thoybre the 'blessed moans'of grace,''' -My. soul frqm ein to save. ' ' ' ' I honour, too, God's own true priests ; - . They aot in Jesus' stead , iWben' they baptiao,' abaolvai andf'bloB.Si 1 j .I 'l , K And conseorate the bread. i i,,. : In holy waterT was washed. f ! And bleahsed from all my sm';,; i 'Twas there the Holy Ghost oame dowh My soul to dwell within. 'Twas there I got the holy sign— 'ii '! /'< The cross upon my brow; I m f r j God's mark upon my infant head, i! iii; Just as I sign .it now. ' _ " ' ' But, oh, alas ! bow often since - ' -lit I've fallen. into sin, -j ; In spite of all, my Saviour's love, . - , , Who died my soul to win. , , How shall I get my sins forgiven ? r I" - '' How cleansed from every stain — j Baptismal purity brought back— ' : My soul restored again P - ..cir-rn ;.l iOmu!:)?) , First to confession I must go, ' . And tell out all my shame ; ' ' My list of sins, all one by one,- In'penitence must 'name, j;lt ' Then shall' I'-hear the graoiouB words! Whioh JaauB says to me ; ; i.-. i, , If with repentanoe true I've come,'' r From ail I am sot free. And Jesus, acting through His priest. Absolves and makes me freo ; ' ' For He hath said they are forgiven Whoso sins thou dost forgive. - ; Teachings of a similar charaoter largely prevail. Protestantism being vilified and Catholicism exalted. " Protestantism," says the vicar of , a country parish in Leibesterr shiro, " I do not know what that is. It appears to me to be a cesspool into whioh aU opinions contrary to the Catholic faith drain. I would rather avoid it, A sooioian calls himself a Protestant , so does an Ariau ; so doe's a Sabellian ; so does an Apollinarian ; as all protesting against the faith once deli vered to the Church. . . God defend us from Protestantism, for it is anything or nothing mixed np together. I believe iu the Holy Oatholio Ohuroh, and I am a member of her Defenoe Sooiety." One country clergyman, will not allow the Soriptures to be read in his Sonday sohool, assigaing as a reasou, in a manual presented by him to candidates for confirmation, " that if people read and interpret the Word of God for themselves, there will be so many errors in the world as there are chapters in the Bible." ' Another oouatry vicar, or "priest" as he would probably prefer to call himself, annoua- oes that the " Lord Bishop will administer tha Sacrament of Cinfirmation." Another vicar of a small seaside parish in Norfolk gives notice that " ha in raadv to hear oon-Pnnainna at Stated times." " Ooafession, " says another iu a sermon preached by him in a country church in Devon, " is absolutely necessary, and I believe that you will do well to observe ifc'" These, then, are specimens of the teaobinga whioh prevail in many of our couDtry parishes to-day, and such being the case the praoticea are of course, oorrespondent. Iu a country village in Derbyshire the vicar, calling at the bouse of one of his parishioners to coudole with the parents on the death of their infant child, found that it had not been baptized. He was greatly concerned, but, remembering that one of the fathers had given it as his opinion "that the spirit lingers in the body for about two hours after death," he £orthwi& procbeded to make the necessary arrangements, and so managed to administer the rite before the appointed time ; in other words, ha baptized the dead child. In another village in Suffolk an inoumbent who was temporarily doing duty for the resident clergyman, visiting a Wesleyan household where twins bad just been born, nrged the parents to haVe them forthwith baptized by him " if they did not wish to see them fiying abont in hell." They, .however, refused ; whereupon ho left the house in a rage, and when, shortly after wards, the little ones died, absolutely declined to bury them. ' The Sacrament of Confirmation was thought by the olergymau of a small parish in Corn wall to be so important that he aotually persuaded a poor bod- ridden old woman who ' bad been a Methodist all her life to submit to it, and then arranged with the Bishop to go and administer the rite privately to her, In a country parish in the north of England ' where the confessional is in full swing, aU old .man who was urged to attend, iu detailing the .circumstance to his own miuister said, "I knew it was no good for me to do that ; why, I might as well have confessed to my old walking-stick." Bat we must hurry on. We have, further evidence of the growth of Ritualism and priestly power, especially the latter, in our country villages. III.— the attitude which so many of . these priests, so-called, assume towards Nonconform ists. They deny their orders. They brand ' them as sobismatics, and denounce those who attend their services as guilty of deadly sin." " Baptized of Horley " (aaya the vioar of that I parish), "St. Paul beseeches you to avoid Dissent. Avoid schism, go not within the doors of any bouse of worship save those of the Church of God. By your silent presence there you give yonr consent to what they are doing. . You are partners, accompliaes in tha .wrong." Schism (he saye) — Dissent, "for the., two are the same, is sin." " Noncon formist ministers," be adds, "have no right lo disbbarge ministerial functions," for they have no priesthood. "How shall they , preach," asks St. Paul, " except they be sent?" ..Aiid these Nonconformist minitters have not jheen sent, for there has been no authority 't send them, and no man can send him- eelf nor give himself authority which God' alone can give, and has chosen ,to give through those duly commissioned. , To the same effect are the teachings of a country' vicar in Essex, the Rev. F. A. Gace, who in a oattcbism published by him, and ' which has had a large circulation (it was re ferred to in the House of Commons daring the recent, debate on Free Education), thus expfesses himself :— Q. We have amongst us various sects and . denominations who go .by the general name of Dissenterei In what light are we to coneider them ? A. As here tics, and in our Litany we expressly pray to be delivered from the sins of " all fslse doc trine, heresy, and achiam." . Q. Is, then, their worship a laudable service ? A. No, because they worship God according to their own evil and corrupt imaginations, and not according to His revealed will, and therefore their wnrshin is idolatrons. Q. Is Diseent a great sin ? A. Yes, it is in direct opposition to oar duty towards God." Then he goes on to de plore that the " wholesome law of the Church," excommunication, cannot be acted upon, and to assert that all Nonconformists " are living separate from Christ's body, and consequantly out of the pale of salvation, so far at least as Gpd has thought fit to reveal." "The fact that the Church is of Divine origin," says the curate of a parish in South Staffordshire, preaching on "National Church Sunday," " seems to' me to be of such para mount importance that, even if there were no other reason, I should be called upon to be a Churchman. Every minister of the Church of England has what Dissenting ministers 4'\\\tk ftopUf ht7 Annnfnlionl nnnPAflRinn from Christ to minister sacred things. The High Church vicar of a parish in Anglesea publicly rebuked members of hi flock who had attended an English service in a Dissenting chapel, where, he said, " only bad people and janglers go." Another, the Bitnalistio rector of a parish near Basingstoke, recently sent out a pastoral, in which the villagers were solemnly assured that " on the Day of Judgment they would be asked whether when on earth they went to church or chapel, and were given to nnderatand that if they went to the wrong place now, they wonld go to the wrong place then." Another, the rector of a parish in Oxford shire, whom the local paper styles " An Arrogant Ritualistic Priest," objected to marrying a young lady simply beoanse she was aconstomed occasionally to attend a Non conformist place of worship, and took occa sion also at the same time to read her a lectnre on the " heinouB ein of encouraging an nnanthorised ministry, and beieg a par taker in the gainsaying of Korah condemned by Jnde." Yet another, the Ritualisiio curate of a country parish in the eastern counties, told one of his parishiohers, who had received the sacrament at the hands of her own minister, a Oohgregationlist, "that he wae not qualified to administer it." And yet another, that the saorament administered by the Methodist minister to two young men (brothers) who were dying of consnmption would have been quite as effectual had the service been con- dncted by the young men's father, because the person by whom thorite was administered was not an ordained minister." A highly respectable Wesleyan family in Lincolnshire were denounced from the pnlpit of their parish church, and the father's con duct described as " dirty work," because he would not allow his children, who had been baptized by Wesleyan ministers, and who consequently had no godfathers, to be con firmed. In the same county, a country vicar's wife, speaking to one of her husband's female parishioners, said, " Church is heaven ; chapel is hell, hell, hell." " How many of you," asked a curate of the children of a village school in Stsffordshire, " goto chapel They held up their bands. "Ah! I am sorry," said he, " to find so many who will not go to heaven." In many parishes goilds are formed, the members of which pledge themselves never to attend a Nonconformist placd of worship. "Yonng people," says a minister, writing from Yorkshire, " are taught that it is a sin to enter any meeting-honse, and that all Non conformist ministers are impostors. The abominable confessional is set up, and young people, as well as adnlts, are urged to frequent it." He then goes on to mention the case of the daughter of Methodist poronts who was a member of one of these guilds — "The Guild of the Holy Child" — and who had an oratory fitted up in her bedroom, and in whose possession he saw a manual wherein the practice of confession was recommended, and the heinous sin of going of going to a meeling-hcuBO plainly taught. These, then, are some of the incidents which go to show to what a terrible extent Ritnaliem, sacerdotalism, and priestly power is spreading in the villiages and rural dis tricts of our country. Time would fail me to refer to others, as, for instance, to the statement made by a colporteur of " The Church Association " "that, in the villages of Hertfordshire where Ritnaliem prevails, the people are so priest- ridden that they have been afraid even to lodge him for a night or to a description given by a Wesleyan minister of a visit paid by him to a Ritualistic village in Herefordshire, said also to be the " most drunken village " in the whole country, where he found even the notices on the church doors put up in the shape of a cross, where no morning sermon had been preached for months, and where, on that very Sunday afternoon, he fonnd two teams of men and boys playing football under the auspices of the vicar, " who was dressed as much like a Romish priest as ppssiblo." Enough, however, has been said to show thst it behoves Protestants to be upon their guard if they are to save the rural populations of onr country from becoming the abject slaves of sicordptaliem. Bishop Thorold a little while ago, on his enthronement as Bishop of Winchester, said " that the battle of the Church, he believed, would have to be fought in the villages." I go further, and I say that not only the battle of the Church, but of Christianity itself, at all events in the Protestant aspect of it, will have to be fought in the villages ; and that it is, therefore, imperative upon us as Protes tants to arouse ourselves to he up and doing, that so we may prevent the farther growth of these Ritualistic doctrines and practices, and preserve intact in all its primitive simplicity and purity '.' the faith which was once de livered to the saints." 