THE YOUNG FOLKS. GAPTtVE A2S t MALS. In the course of some interesting gossip on tHe treatment of animals in captivity, a contemporary gives the following: Katie, when wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her when Bhe patented a mandtilL This oatooon has a muzzle such as would be mauub y , an Mtistic upholsterer who hac pleated together pretty folds of blue and light purplish pick stuffs. Although his hiad decoration so distingue, his beauty is bat akin oeep, for he enjoys the reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon—"Seal mean," said the keeper. The singularity of hia head colours nukes the mandrill a popular show M I " B "- He is an expensive bnito, requiring great care. The difficulty in captivity is to cm nun over his seoond year, for the older he is the more conspicuous is that painted face of ms, which would make any self-iespecting ghost-dancing Indian jealous. " This mandrill, n o Jf. third year," Baid the keeper," is getting along very- well. We watch his condition carefully. We give him raw eggs everv day, and he shall have some now." The mandrill clutched a couple of eggs offered him. was careful to hide the one he did not hold, and commenced nibbling the shell , of one. A r ow he flirted all the white into hia mouth, not (spilling a drop, and then put the whole shell m his maw. Next he tilted back hie head, and so took down the yolk. " He enjoya Uiat very much. I give him ma; a. ngnhr *nilkpjinch. everyday, and he puts It down as if he liked it-" But temperance people always point to the the moral that perverted-inan u the onlv creature who indulges in spirits." " Well,"it may not be natural to tbat mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it now. It's medicine, of courso. Now come and look at our giraffe. He is in splendid condition. The trouble about such a big beast in confinement is that he is forced to stand in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, and he would get cold, and that would soon end him. Ab you see, the weight comes on his cleft forefeet, and one of them has spread a good deal, and we will have to clip it He eats crushed oats, the best clover nay, apples, carrots, and hai his quart of milk with his water every day. Now you shall see our lionB and tigers. Here we have a brace of fairly livdy lion whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly 'a happy family, but in timfe they will get nsed to one" another. Oh, those spats don't amount to anything. You eee ths trouble about those tigers ? Isn't it a pity ?" I did look, and—distressing eight!—the tigers tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Wnnr cat. " That was one of our great misfortunes, and just one of those things that can't be always guarded against. One night, after exhibiting, -we had to strike tents, and move off in double quick tame. Somebody in the dark wheeled the -van with these two sweet ld near those dratted hyenas. The tigers tigers flirted their tails. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. Just a couple of snaps, and the job was done, and the value of these tigers diminished 8-5 per cent. Tou had better not stand too close. All these animal^ have a mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is more t danger outside of the cage than in it. There are few things sharper than a tiger's daws. See." Thereupon the keeper drew out .of his pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as sharp as steel, with fish-hook curves. " We have to cut their daws quite often. Whenever we introduce a new 'lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence bo far as daws go, and lessen the offensrveness of the rest of them by dipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. Theydon't bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that 3«t he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely alone. If we didn't do that, the new beast would have his hide ell cut. It's not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger's cliwt, or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a daw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tackle, a half-dozen strong ropes, and as many men. The most troublesome rope is the one to be put aroand the neck. Hie brute would choke MimnJf if not for the of ution we take to secure one foreleg with houlder in the noose. Other ropes axe - attached to his fore leg end hind ones, and he is Btxetched on his ride, and is as helpless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement when the operation 1b over which at once loosens them. Then it is jnst as if you had coiled np a thousand horse-power steel spring, and let it go sudden. The van just vibratee. Lions suffer from lung troubles and rheumatism. We give them milk, quinine, rum. Sometimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a chicken just as a cat doej with a mouse—kind of enjoying it. They often have milk. Weusegreatcareinbutcheringtheir meat, and watch obt for splinten of bone which would choke them." 