CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF NORTHERN QUEENSLAND. (S. M. Herald July 27.) THE service in connection with the consecration of Canon Barlow as Bishop of Northern Queensland took place on Saturday morning at half-past 10 in St, Andrew's Cathedral. There was a large congregation. The ceremony was con ducted by the Primate, who was assisted by Dr. Tanner Bishop of Grafton and Armidale) and Dr. Stanton (Bishop of Newcastle). The following clergy were also present: - Dean Cowper, Archdea cons King and Günther, Canons Kemmis, Moreton, Hulton King, and Sharp, Revs. H. H. Yarrington, S. Simm, Manning, Debenhamm, Trees, Hornby Spear, Har grave, Madgewick, Dixon, Charlton, Garnsey, Yarnold, Baber, Beck, Bartlett, Hough, Read, Woodd, Smith, Archdall, Pain, Mort, Rose, Kilworth, Woodworth, Harris, Boyle, Dr. Corlette, the Precenter (Mr. Gregory Rivers), and Chancellor of the Diocese, (Mr. Gregory Walker). The first lesson was read by the Bishop of Newcastle, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. The anthem was ''God so loved the world.'' The Bishop of Newcastle preached the sermon, taking as his text Acts xiii., 2, ''And as the ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said,— Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.'' Referring to the custom of sending to England for clergymen, he asked how it was that the Church had so miserably failed to touch the hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded join ing the ministry. Why had they to send 12,000 miles away for a man for the ministry? The Church in Australia should wake up, and put a downright enthusiasm for religion into the people, and make an end to paitry little ques tions, addressing themselves instead re solutely to the work of God. When the spirit was in the Church in Australia, it would be in the ministry as it had been in the civil life, when the cry cams that young men were needed for a campaign in the East. On that occasion some of Australia's best and most athletic youths put on their uniform to go to the Sou dan, and so in the ministry of our Lord there would be an uprising amongst our young men which would make the Church Independent. In separating one who had been ordained in Australia, he thought they were taking a wise and ex pedient step. He believed that the time had come when, in the older dioceses at any rate, they could surely choose out of a thousand clergymen one or more suffici ently gifted to fill an episcopal chair. This was from no disloyally to the mother Church, nor from any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, ge nerous, and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself. On that occasion they had selected a clergyman who had been ordained in the colony to take the government of the distant dio cese of Northen Queensland. Concluding he said, addressing the bishop-elect:— And what can I say to you dear brother? Is I not the culmination of your work in the Northern diocese. I have no advices to give you, for have we not for nine years been working together like brothers sharing our work, praying over our diffi culties, and thinking what could be done best for God's work up there? I cannot advise you. You know it all. Continue enly in the work that in the years past you have been carrying on, and you will vindicate and justify that act which we are performing to day, and will prove to the Cburch in Australia that the synod was right in having chosen you, and that we are right in separating you after prayer in apostolic order, for the work whereunto you have been exiled. The Lord be with you, prosper you, make full proof of your ministry, and direct you as you go in and out amoung the people. The Lord be with you. After morning prayer the service for the consecration of a bishop was gone through, the Primate, assisted by the other bishops, officiating. The mandate for the consecration was read by the chancellor of the diocese, Mr. Gregory Walker, after which the bishop elect tools the oath of obedience. The consecration ended with the laying on of hands by the Primate and the assisting bishops, and the presentation to the new bishop of a copy of the Bible. At the conclusion of the consecration service the Primate, with the newly consecrated bishop and others, proceeded with the Communion service, and partook of the Sacrament. The offertory was devoted to the North Queensland Clergy Mission Fund. 