CHAPTEK XII. " I-have l»een on a tour of inspection." said Leo SwinCord. He had met on this beautiful morning allthe villagers, that is, the gentry of the village, party by party, and he had repeated to them all the same phrase -" A tour of Inspection !" Perhaps he liked the wdpis, for lie had die love of his adopted country for significant and- appropriate Phrases; iand it seemed to that simplicity which lies at the bottom of so much that is conventional on theother sidecf theChannel, that it was highly appropriate, and very English and business- like, to describe his prowl about the village in such words. But it was not until, after many little pauses and talks, be had oonie upon Lady W illiain and herdaughter that he went further into the matter. When lie saw the two figures coming along, one of which at least was like no one else in Watchuni. Leo feltthat he had reached the society in which he could speak free))', so, though he repeated his phrase, lie did not stop there. " I know now," lie said, nodding his head in half-disgust, half-satis faction," what is meant in England when you speak of the alums." " The alums !" said Mab, who leant across her mothera little, with un ear attentive to hear wliat he abould say; " but there ate no slums" in.Wateham; it is in London and in the"East End that there are slums. We have no slums here." Leo was too polite to say that what he said was not intended for little girls; but lie gave that scarcely perceptible shrug of his shoulderswjbicb means the same thing, and «j)SW«ed3vito ft smile, " i did not suppose, Miss Mftb.lfe&t; you were ever permitted to go there." . " Not permitted?' said Mal>. " Mother ! why shouldn't Jbe permitted ? I hope I know every cottage in Watchani. and about all the people, though of course they change a little. Mother, I suppose he lias been down "by Hiversidfi.' "Veiy likely," sai4 Lady William, " where the houses do not look attractive, ive must allow, Hot Mat) Is right, Leo, though per* baps she shdwd not be so ready with her opinion.TIw Iiobms do not look nice, nor, ill some Cf&Bi; 4be people that are in Uicui, but we bavpnothing very bad here." *'l 4on't' to»Pi»'» «»en, what you call reiy bad,' It tnuBt lie something 1»eyond my con-" ception. I should like to clear all those off the face of the earth. It is ugly, it is loath some. How can the children grow uj) with any sense of what is good in dens like those? I have oome home with the meaning to do my best for the people who belong to me, you know. I have-not very clear ideas of what iiiy doty ifc;: perhaps j l only know it lias been neglected many, many years." " That is true, perhaps," suid Lady Wil Jiap, "but after ajj. youi.kiynvahe, squirQ of j ihe^arfelr-fa not everything, and wfe-have all j helped to keep tilings going. You don't know our aspect of poverty, Leo; perhaps it looks : worse than it is. You will lind plenty to do, no doubt If you announce your intentions, I know several people who will !«. delighted to tell you just what you must do: my brother, of course, first of all." .'Shall I put myself, then, in the Hector's hands?' - "Ob, don't let him, mother,said Mab (that little girl again; how these little crea-; turcs are allowed to put themselves in the front in England !), " Uncle James has BO many fads. He wants a new organ (we do want it very much) and a new infant school, and he is always, always after the drains! Hut 1 know a great many things that it would be delightful to do." " Of course, your advice will be the best," said her mother. " My dear Leo, it is so new (o us to lind a man delivering himself over to be lleeced for the good of the people." " Do not use such a word; I am BO much in earnest; 1 am so anxious to do anything I can do. All these years I have been receiving revenues from this place and giving nothing bnck ; and I am lodged like a prince, while these poor people, who do their duty to their country better than I have ever done, are in -what do you call them, sties, stables worse, a great deal worse, than my horses " " You must not run away with an idea," said Lady William. "Hub, where can he have been?" "I tell you, on Riverside, mother; there | are some houses there-old, damp, horrid | places. It is quite true." j " Dear lady," said Mr. Swinford, laying I his hand lightly on Lady William's arm, " you consult this child: but what can she j know of the miseries which at her age one: does not understand." Mab kept down an effort the reply which] was breaking from her lips. Child 1 to a woman of seventeen! and to be told she did not understand : she that knew every soul on Riverside, and what they worked at, and' how many children there were, and every domestic incident She kept leaning across ? her mother to catch every word, and cast | terrible looks at the accuser, though she com manded herself, and allowed Laay William j to reply. " Vou forget," said Lady William gently, | " that to us there is no horror about our poor neighbours, Leo. We know most of them as well as we know our own relations, perhaps better; for on that level nothing is hid; whereas on our own, if there is trouble in a house, there is often an attempt to con ceal, or perhaps even to deceive, outsiders; and pretend that everything is well." " But, the very absence of concealment the brutal frankness-the vice-the horror " Mother, I suppose Mr. Swinford means when the men drink, and anything goes wrong?" " Yes, Mab, that is what he means ; it-is not so common in France as in Kngland. It is the root of everything here. They arc not unkind generally when they can be kept from drink. Mr. Osl>orne, the curate, is a fanatic on that subject, and one can't wonder. He would like you to oppose the giving of licenses, Leo, and to shut up every Flace in Watcham where drink is to be got. am very much with him in my heart But I would not advise you to give yourself alto gether up to his guidance either." " Not to the rector's, nor to the curate's (whom I have not seen), nor to Miss Mab's. To yours, then, dear lady, which is what I shall like best of all." " No, not to mine. I share all of these ex travagances, one now. and the other to morrow. Sometimes I am all for Mr. Os borne's way, sometimes I sympathise with my brother. You must put yourself in nobody's hands, but examine everything, and judge for yourself what it is best to do." " Ah !" said Leo, throwing up his hands, "you give me the most difficult part of all. I "will pull down their evil-smelling places, and give them better; or they shall have money, money to get clothes instead of rags, to be clean. These are things I understand; but to examine and form conclusions as if 1 were a statesman "or a philanthropist can't it be done with money ? I hear it said that anything can be done-with money." "Oh, mother, a great deal," said Mab, eagerly; "don't^'i-hrounigc him: a little money is 6uch a help. 1 Know people who could l>e made so happy with just a little. There are the old Lloyds, who will have to go to the workhouse if their son does not send them something, and he is out of work. And there is George, who can't go fishing any longer for his rheumatism, and poor dear Lizzie Minns, who is so afflicted, and won't live to be a burden on her mother. Oh, don't tell him no, mother! Mr. Swinford, people say it is wrong to give money," said Mab, turning to nitn, i always across the figure of Lady William, who was between, with tier eyes, which were not prettj eyes, swimming in tears, ' but I don't think so; not in these kind of cases, when a few shillings a week would make ull the difference; and we haven't got it to give them, mother and I." " They shall riot qo to the workhouse, nor die of their rheumatism," cried Len. He was so moved that the water stood in his eyes too. " Tell me how much it needs, or -take my purse, or give me your orders. I was a fool! I was a fool! thinking the angels shouldn't know." * Mab stared a little across her mother, not in the least comprehending this address, or that she was the angel on behalf of whom Leo upbraided himself. She understood her self to be stigmatised as a little jgirl, but she was not aware that the higher being had anything to do with her. At the same time she perceived that his heart wastonqlied, and that to the old Lloyds, Jfcc.. the best re; suits possible might accrue. As for Lady Wil liam, she was half touched, half amused by the incident; pleased that her little girl hod come out so well, and pleased with Lfeo's enthusiasm, yet ready to laugh at them both. She put op a subduing hand between. " Don't beg in this outrageous way, Map; and don't give in to her tit that perfectly defenceless manner, Leo. I shall oefcom nelled to interfere and stop both of yon. But here is somebody coming who knows all about it better than Mab, better .than i rto, far better even than the parson ofthe parish. Here is not only the head of all Uiecharities, but Charity herself embodied. Look atlier coming along, that you jojM' lnKW <|ier again when you eeehenoneof thegi^tOhrisBftn virtues in Jlesl* ana blood." ^ Leo winked tiie tec* out of Ins .eye, though lie was not ashumed of it, os a wan all Kngl ish mightliave-foeen, sndlauphed in re sjxmsc to this new appeal, in which he did not know tliut there might not be a satire, lie said, "I see no white wings nor shining robes. I see a veiy small woman in the dress of a-no, 1 will not say that-but it's a little droll, isn't it? Scanty, to say the least, and perhaps shabby." ? -"'Oil,-#? you want an appropriate dress! It ought to be white, with bluxons of gold: but it is only an old black merino, worn rusty in j the stmisejaL the poor. Miss Grey, Mr. Leo I SwinfonF^vflrrtts you to remember hitn. | He was only a little boy when you saw him : last, and he wailjtkto speak to you about the poor." W "Of coursc I should not have known you again," said Miss Grey, " for I don't know that I ever saw you nearer than in the carriage with your mamma. But I am very glad to know you, Mr. Swinford, though not much worth the trouble, and cspcciall)' to tell you anything about the poor*" "He haaviews " said Lady William, "of abolishing tliem off the face of the earth " "Oil, you'll never do that," said little Mis* Grey, with a Hash of her beautiful brown eyes. The poor ye have always with y0n - never, till you can make the race perfect wili you get rid of the poor." ' "He thinks money will be able to do it. and Mab agrees with him." " Money!" said "Miss Grey, with a disdain which no words could express. She turned not to Lady William, who spoke, but to Leo when she replied, " Money is of use, no doubt, but to sow it about and give it to everybody is downright ruin." " Not to good honest old people, Misa Grey, like the Lloyds and old Riverside George. " Pensions ?" said the little lady, with her head on one side like a bird. " Well there may be something in that. Come into my house and sit down, and we can argue it out." Miss Grey's cottage was a smaller cottage even than Lady William's. It was lopsided -a house with only one window beside the door; one little sittingrooni with a little kitchen behind. ue The little parlour looked as if it could not by any means contain the party which its little mistress ushered in. Step in, step in," she stud: " don't be afraid. There is far more room than you would think. I have had ten of the mothers here at once, and not so much as a saucer broken. The ladies know where they can find places, but Mr. Swinford, as you are a stranger, you shall sit here." Here was a large easy chair, the largest piece of furniture in the room, which stood almost in tlic centre, with a small table be side it. And there was a big old-fashioned sofa against , the wall, occupying the whole side from door to window. It was the wonder of all the Wotcham people, how that sofa had been got into the room which it blocked up. But Miss Grey's response always was that 6he could not ndrt with her furniture; and that the old Chesterfield, which was what she called the sofa, was a cherished relic of her dear home. But the most remarkable thing about this little room was the manner in which it was lined and garlanded with china. Miss Grey was poor, but the china was not poor. It wafe of every kind that could be described, arid it was everywhere, 011 little shelves and brackets against the wall, on the mantelpiece,; on every table. There was scarcely anything in the room except the Chesterfield Kvhich did not support a row of dishes, or voses, or plates. Lady William and Mab, being closely acquainted with the place, managed to seat themselves without damaging any of these treasures: but to an unaccustomed visitor the entrance was one full of perils. It went to Miss Grey's heart that Mr. Swinford made his entrance as gingerly as if all these riches had been his own. ^ 1 " Never mind," she said, as something rattled down'from a comer, " it's only a very common drift dish : or is it the majolica? Only the yellow majolica, it doesn't matter at all; and besides, it isn't broken, or chipped, or anything. Oh, that's an accident that hap pens every day: but my ten mothers didn't evenknock down that plate.and some of tbera were big bouncing women." " You are a collector, Miss Grey*:" " Oh, I am" not good enough for that; they are all old things and I am fond of them; most of them, Mr. Swinford, came from my dear home;; the things that were in one's home are never like anything else; and a few I have jiieked up, but very few, not enough to make any difference. The ma jolica, I daresay you think nothing of it, you that know what is really good. And neither do I, hut not from that reason, because I only bought it myself at a sale. It is not from my dear home." " And may I ask," said Leo, with polite at' tention, " what it means, your ten mothers? You must understand that I am very ignorant of many things." "Oh, that: is easily explained," said little ' Miss Grey; 1' ten members of my mothers' meeting, that's what they are; they meet ia the schoolroom once a week, and now and then I have tliem here to tea." " Mothers," said Leo, "of children? I understand.": He was perfectly serious in his polite attention. " And they meet every wees, and consult, perhaps upon educa tion?" "Oh, no," said Miss Grey, " poor things, they are not much up to that. They cut out tilings for ilieir children-little petticoats, and so forth, and work at them : and one 01 us reads aluud ; and they pay only a little for the material, pust enough to feel that they have bought it; and the schoolroom is nice and warin and bright, and it's a little society for tlifern." Leo's face was very grave; there was not even a ghost of a smile upon it V 8'}?.uT never liava thought of that,1' he said ; but it is good, very good, But why not give them (the material to make things for the their children? I understand the women love it, and it does t'nem good. But I win buy it for yon, all you want, with pleasure. Would not that be the simplest way. " I think so too, often," said Mab, whose whole soul was in the question, and understood nothing at all of the amuscmcu with which her mother was looking 011. /"Not at a)l," said Miss Grey, "for It would look like charity; now they buy Everything, It is very cheap, but it is Charity, it is their very own." ... - " Bat chanty is no bad thing; charitj is give what onfe has to those who have wot "I thinktoo, often, aa'dM".1!) ' She added, iwdding her head, It is Biblejustlik^ that." " id "But we must not pauperise them, JlissGrey; J' we must help them to keep theirfeelf-resjpect" . ._ "There iff nothing ol>out selfr<-M,eCt theBible,"said Mab, quickly. - "Oh, MabJ you are only a ohId- 1 not againstwving; sometimes it s tl way f&d; i^agreat pleasure. 1 ut it «n« good for the people; we "iu3tn"| 10t de what is good for tliem. >\c »»USL liHic moraliBe them ; we mustn t-- J , cka ssssgfeffarsa Js been neglected by me for inan> K/, aIlj I was a child and did "<>* u'df", 1fo'llU then I was a young nmnitakenui. ^ ( I have come back. I u?^°v ,! Iiands to my people. I will put inJf\'jred or a money, as much as you want, ah u, j. to thousand pounds, as much cal) be make happy whom you can, 1 ^ c]eftI)l brought to be happy ! un£, . , deal' lady, and plentiful, and 8°°, like to I'"1' don't laugh at me. 1 would ' 11 the down those frightful where poor people in pleasant, brigu they could breathe.' v, " What frightful houses r " "He meaiiB Itnerflide.MisaJi^J- ftre not "Hemeans lUverside! Butt» >liapp, bad houses; the pwplc are 110 J{ut at tliere. Oh, I could show s ou sorn^^ pe0^e Riverside they are onljugiy ^ en0ugh. are not badly off; fljff ff,«pt,imeB. but thfi' One helps them a little sometimes. _-rolv conic on the rates, or even apply to tiii" rector. Why, Mr- Swinford, you mustn't nnlv look at the outside of things." " I know," said Leo, repeating himself (but this was part of his excited state), "that I L housed like a prince, and they-not so "..{j a8 the horses in the stables." . Little Miss Grey kept her eyes on him as lie spoke, as if he were a madman, with a mixture of extreme curioBity and anxiety, to know if there was method in his madness. " Well!" she cried, " that is not your fault You are not-what do you call it, Emily? for T am not clever-anything feudal to them. You are not their chief, like a Scotch clan. "What makes them poor (and they're not so very pi>or) is their own fault. They're as independent as you are. If they drink and waste their wages they're badly off; if they don't they're comfortable enough ; if they're dirty, it's because they don't inind. Bless nie, Mr. Swinford, it isn't your fault. If you nulled down the houses, they would make an outcry that would be heard from here to Lon don. 1 besides, I don't think they belong to you!" saiil Miss Grey, triumphantly. " They wore all built by White, thebaker. I know they don't belong to you." I,oo Swinford sat and gazed at lier with a rising perception that there was something ludicrous in the attitude he had assumed, which, .it the same time, was so entirely sincere and true. " And aa for the stables being better-some g tallies are ridiculous-sinful luxury, as if the poor dumb brutes were not just as nappy in the old way. Why, my little house, said Miss Grey, looking round, " is not all marble and varnish, like your Btables. And. you, think, perhaps, it is a poor little place for me to live in, while you live in your palace like a prince, as you say." He dii i not make any reply. This little wo man took away his breath. ; But he did cast a look round him at the minuteness of the place, a kind of wistful look, as if he could not deny the feeling she imputed to him, and would have liked nothing so much as to build her a palace, too. " Wellsaid Miss Grey, " and I would not give it for Windsor Castle. I like it ten thousand times better than your palace, and the poor folk in Riverside are just like me." " Dear lady," said Leo, in his perplexity, " it is not the same thing, but you take away iny lireath." Here Lady William came to his aid, yet did not fail to point a moral. " You see," she said, " you must not follow a hasty impulse even to do good. There are two reasons against making a desert of Riverside; first, because the people there don't find it dread ful, as you do, and next, my dear Leo, be cause you're not their feudal lord, as Miss Grey says, and the houses don't belong to you." He shrugged his shoulders, as a man dis counted has a right to do. But Miss Grey hurst in before he had time to say a word : " If that is what you want, Mr. Swinford, I can show you a place." 