How a Good Ship was Lost On the ni»ht of October 27th, 1842, tho good ship ' Mary Conipton,' of Bristol, Eugland. was struggling with a fearful gnle off the coast of North Amorica. The wind blow furiously, but the weather vas clear and the Captain expected everv moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals. The lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Suro of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and wett to pieces. Four men, including tho Cap tain, were saved. On poaching the shore they found a strange thinff had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extin guished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important light house in the world. 'What shall bo said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? ' You are beyond human aid.' These words wore said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so t No ; for he might be wrong— and in any case he had no business to put out the light. Thid woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her bead whirled '* and,' she said, ' all objects- seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out iu a sweat, although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. 'I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she said, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was' ' I have mixed you some medioine ; you oan take it or leave it. £ took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. ' I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, * Tou are past human aid.' ' My heart sank within me, for I had jive little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's lore and care. I wont home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see roe and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. ' At this time I romembered that Mrs. Wilson with whom I worked in Craw ford's Mill, in East Stroet, Leeds (where I livs), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. So I s»nt to Mr. Jessen'e the Chemist, in Great Ooxden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomit ing, and by degress from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry orust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symp toms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we hud only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my frieuds and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry.' (Siened) Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York .Roads, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dys pepsia, with symptoms B&owing; how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months or possibly weeks moie, and Mis. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wron«r to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel'8 Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 