A PICTURE OE PICCA DILLY. THE GREAT LONDON , THOROUGHFARE. Its Old Associations. Bricks and Foliage — Homes and Parks— The Piccadilly Goat —Moralities of the Place. No. II. It is part of tho moralities of Piccadilly to remember that Old Q., sitting on his bal cony under his parasol, watching the womeu with life one wicked old eye, had been tho Ray young Lord March, who "never knew Mrs. Bernstein but as an old woman ; and if she over had beauty, hang me if I know how she UptHlL lb. LUltf WUS H1U AJIUU IUUIUU and Ruglon whom u young gentleman out of Virginia beat at a long leap: "For tho honor of old Virginia, I hud tho gratifica tion," says Mr. Henry Warrington, "of beating his Lordship by moro than two feet, viz., two feet nine inches," and of assuring liirn that "Colouel Washington, of Mount Vernon, could beat nie by a good foot." Is it not carious how Harry Warrington's art less prattle lingers in our memories, and wo see young Lord Match more clearly, per haps, in "The Virginians" than even in Horaco Walpolo, or in his own letters to George Selwyu, with his confidences about velvet suits, and bets, and La Rena, and the Zamporini. "I dread every event that is connected with women," says tho real Lord March, " they uro all so extremoly wrong- headed." This was the remark of a noblo with great experience. it is worth noting that, despito his ropute as a gambler, Lord March did not bet sums which would now bo considered enormous. After some losses at Newmarket ho wus much moro than " brought homo " by winning about £-1000. The modern " plunger " would despise such a total. Tho wanderer in Piccadilly, who likes to muso on the changes of humun for tune, the turns of that wheel which tho Baddha contrmplatcs, may please himself by reflecting that along this way passed the carriages of the Princesse do Lamballc and of Madame du Barry. 'The former dined with the Duke of Queehsberry here, before the revolution which brought her cruel aud shameful death. But it was during the re volution tljat Madamo du Barry, in com pany with tho Prince of Wales, sat at the ducal table. She, too, roturued to France aud to her death. Iu this house also, Horace Walpolc hoard a story of democracy, how at Lyons a young man was roasted alive, and his mother wus made to look on, aud wus beaten to death. He who was Will March, and became Old Q., sleeps now under the altar in St. Jaincg Church, and a great many pcoplo remember him best by Mr. Looker's verses, "Tho wise and tlio silly, Old 1'. or Old Q , we must leave Piccadilly." Tho modem houses in Piccadilly aro not very much haunted by ghosts of the fashion able, or literary, or historical past. From Number 20 sir francis burdf.tt was taken to prison, though ho had barri caded his house, provoked a riot, and defied tho Speaker of tho House of Commons, just 80 years ago. Number 91 was Lord Pul- mer3tou's dwelling from 1850 till his death in 1805. Here lie gave political parties, and this was tho last fortress of contented Whiggism. In Number 139 Byron part- from Lady Byron, "in tho utmost kind ness," says Moore. She wus going to visit her father, who wrote to the poet that sho would return no more. What mysteries passed in Number 139, part of old Q.'s old house, ifvo shall never really know ; the cause of the separation is said to have been so simple that nobody coald ever find it out. Some poets aro " gey ill to livo wi," as MrB. Carlyle Baid about hor son. Some ladies never, nevor can understand that a man of letters should sometimes bo left alone in his den. Byron himsolf says that, howevor muoh in love ha might be at any moment, he always felt, even when with tho fuir, a hankering to be back in his untidy library. There ie a story of Lady Byron's entering tlio den, and uBking, " Do I disturb you, Byron ?" " Yes, damnably," answered Cliilde Harold, in, shall wo say, an intel ligible if not a pardonable irritation. Lawyers, doctors, business men are not in terrupted by thoir dear wives when they are at work. Tho sex understands that their duties aro serious. Thoy don't always tako this view of inero poetry and prose. I have a private theory, an innocent hypo thesis, that Lady Byron was jealous of tho muse ; that sho left her lord because lie said she disturbed him damnably. Dr. Lushiugton.knew what Lady Byron said at tho time ; Mrs. Boechcr Stowo told the world what Lady Byron said in later lifo, but 139 Piccadilly keep.s its secret. The skeleton in tho closet lias " flitted," like tlio North Country Brownie. Old Q. would havo explained the whole mystery by saying that " all women aro so extremely wrongheaded." That philosopher never mar ried, or there might have been another Hegira from 139 Piccadilly. The bouse is now bravo with a new front, and is occupied by mr. algernon bortiiwtclc, the proprietor of the Morning Post. Tho bouse in Piccadilly had this advantage for Byron, that it was close to his publisher's shop, Mr. Murray's, in Albeinarlu-strcct, whero that museum of literary antiques still stands, an interesting placo of pil grimage. Apsloy Houso, at Hyde Park Corner, is of course historical. Tho site was origi nally bought by Lord Bathurst from an old soldier, whom, in reward for his valor at Dottingcn, George II. had allowed to squat there with his apple-stall. This proves tho slight value of tho site under the second George. Hero the great duko lived ; hero tho strungo young lady loft Bibles at the door instead of cards, hero the windows wero broken by the populaco in tho Reform Bill riots, and the duko had iron shutters put up. Later, whon he was in favor again, and when a crowd followed him with cheers, the duko only pointed to his iron shutters. Many windows havo been broken in Pic cadilly since then. There was a famous riot in Februury, a very few years ago. The mob had mustered in Trafalgar-square. I met them in Pall Mall, whero they wero hooting outsido tho windows of tho Carlton Club, somo leader was waving a red flag from tho stops. They wero not, at llmt moment, a largo mob ; but no police wero visible. By some blunder they wero stationed in tho Mall, behind Pall Mall, not in Pall Mall. I went into my own club, which was eastward of tlio mob, and heard presontly that they had ran through tho Btrcets up St. James', along Piccadilly, through South Audicy- street, breaking windows, bursting into shops, throwing gold watches and legs of mutton through tho windows of carriages. It was a groat field day for Liberty and tho Rights of Man. Next morning tho shops had all thoir shutters up ; the club windows wero riddled ; tho crowd wus in tho streets, amused, pleased, but perhaps too startled by its sudden success to begin again at onco. It was curious to note how the rioters had always thrown to their left; on tho right hand of St. James'-strcet tho houses had suffered very little, if at all. . Iu Piccadilly tho St. James' Club hud somehow been spared.) The Savile, next door, was in smithereens. Piccadily lias Been plenty of commotion since, and will sco plenty more, in the nature of things. It is tho highway or one of the highways, of limitless proces sions, marching to that Mous Sacer of the park, whero wo have demonstrations every week. The most famous was that of 1800, when tho park gato3 were closed (locally or illegally) and the crowd, having, half by accident, broken . down the iron railings, took possession of tho place. Wo have' not yet succeeded in outdoing the Gordon Riots of tho last century, but give us time ! Tho multitude was then unor ganised, and did not know what it wanted, or wherefore it had come together. - In those respects, it is greatly advanced, and has all the modern improvements. 'Wo know not precisely to what goal it steps, tho endless procession of marshalled men with banuors that weekly invades Piccadilly. But, if the aspiration of the journal of this party, for a time when thorc "shall bo no moro Pali Mull," is realised, one may prcsumo that thoro will also bo no Piccadilly. Its mansions may become communistic barracks of tha people. Or it majp lio in fire- blackened ruins, as part of Paris did 20 years ago. And.the trees and grass may grow over tho tumbled masonry, and buglossc, or ox- tonguo, may flower again in the dry ditches, as it did when Gerard wrote his " Horbal," " tho dry ditches about Piccadilly." To this end all cities must inevitably come, evcu Dean Burgon's Rose-red city, half as old as time: but let us hope that some centuries will pass beforo London follows Meinpliis and Babylon, and either Thebes, And 1 riaui's touery town with its ono beech. What a fascination those linos have, and how many of tho peoplo who walk down Piccadilly to-day (members of the Savile Club excluded) can tell the name of thoir author? Piccadilly is often THE PATH OK EMPIRE us well as of revolution. No street was moro crowded and blithe, I believe, in the won derful summer weather of the Jubilee, .when feelings of loyal emotion led .this chronicler to part ' of. Galloway which is not thickly populated. There a man and his wifo lately came into tho village from the country to settle a strange domestic dispute. Theinan had done some work on tho day bofore ; tho wife reproved him for laboring on tho Sab- hath. Ho denied that it was the Sabbath, and - the coupio had to walk to tho village to ascertain tho truth about tho day of tho week. In that untrodden wild derness there was not much jubilee, and I cannot say, as an eyo-witness, what, sort of spectacle Piccudilly presented. It wus interesting, however, whon, after tho battlo of Tol el Kebir, our strangely various little force, Indian contingent and all, marched through tho cheering street, under windows crowded with ladies. The spectacle was curious and stirring, but Tel el Kobir brought in little luck, and soon wo had tho town in mourning for Khartoum and saw the pick of our forces depart for futile fighting by the Red Sea. Thus the fortunes of empire roll up or down Piccadilly ; now it is an army that posses frcBb from battlo and victory, now a crowd of angry mon, engor for a happior and easier life, now a tattered regiment of mal contents with stones in their hands and curses on their lips. Thon thero comes tlio usual press of life, the fair ludies driving buliind splendid horses, sandwich men iu their prison of wood, us if undergoing a Chinese punishment, tho Horse Guards trampling by in helmet and corselet, tho most magnificent example of Englishmen gorgeously arrayed in pomp of war ; girls selling matches, small boyB scroamiug out "wintior," with sheets of dntnp sporting intelligence in their hands ; they run und roar with special Bpecd and energy on tho Derby Day. Tho dandies aro walk ing delicately ; the omnibuses rumbling, the country visitors aro gaping at tho shops, or at the changes where tho Duke's arch used to stand, with the grotesque statuo " to show him what people thought he wus like." Piccadilly is an epitomo of London, iu all but its trade, a street never quiet, even when thero comes a fog so deep that boys run nbout with lightod links yelling for patronage. At night, in tho season, it is a . sight to seo tho long line of carriages orderly arrayed, waiting for thoir masters und .mistresses, who are attend ing some great functions in soiiio great houso. The streets seem untraversable, wild with horses, shouts, frantic whistles for cabs, lights, aud all tha mingled bustle of setting down and taking up. But it is traversed somehow ; tho London couch- men and cabmen must possoss extra ordinary nerve and presenco of mind. Occasionally thero is a carriage accident, thero comes a runaway horse, or a fight arises between two carters of tho old school, who do not disdain a bout of fisticuffs. Then a dense circle of spectators gathers in- a moment ; you may almost make a crowd in London streets by stooping to tio your bootlaco. Tho public is greedy of Bpcctaclo and emotion ; a prodigious number of per sons aro ready to stare complacently at even the most ordinary occurrence. A difference of opinion as to distanco and faro be tween a cabman and his client is at once surrounded by a "gallery." Mr. Anstey, in his "Voces Populi," is the admirably observant recorder of what the populaco says on such occasions, and vory humorous und pointed aro its remarks, vary instructive tho fashions in which its unsought verdict veers. But ali this is truo enough of any London street. Piccudilly (s like the rest, except for its large, if not stately, buildings, its airiness and fringe of green, its picturesque windings a-'d ups and downs. It is by no means the moBt in teresting of our thoroughfares, becauso of its comparative novelty, its comparative lack of tradition. _ The High-stroot. of Edinburgh has memo ries to fill a volume : inemorios courtly, chivalrous, ghostly, sanguinary, magical, religious. All moods and passions havo breathed in it since Startled burghers (led afar, Tho slogan of tlio border war. " Each stone you tread has its history," and so have tho stones, could thoy cry out, of the High-street in Oxford, or tho iancs of York, or tho streets about tho Tower. But Piccadilly is yet TOO FRESH AND NOVEL, and will scarco yield a few pages whilo other streets might fill a quarto .of memories. It is so changed, too, that we can hardly fancy what it was liko whon Georgo Selwyn walked along it to White's, or Lord March drove by with the Zamperiui. In going from Pall Mall to tho park, or westward, it is moro pleasant to avoid Piccadilly, and faro diagonally across tho piotty Green Park, where tho littio boys aro playing a kind of crickot, - and tho littio girls aro busy at " rounders," a rudimentary sorb of baseball, and iovors aro telling their talo beneath tho hawthorns, and tho dingy Lon don shoep aro browsing. Someone informs mo that lie was onco stepping westward by this route, whon ho met Mr. Thackeray, whom ho know, also making for Konaiogton, r.nd shunning the noieo und glare of Picca dilly. They walked a lictle distanco to gether, and then Mr. Thackeray confessed that lie was meditating tho Muse, and my friend left him, Tho poem ho was trying to beat out was ono of his best, tho " Lines on a Vcnico Lovo Lamp," addressed, I think, to a daughter of Mr. Dickons, "Mrs, Katherino's Lantern " is tho name of tho piece : Laily, do you know the tunc? An, u c nil of us have hummed ft I I've an old guitar has thrummed it, Under many a vhanging moon. Shall I try It? Do-Ite-Mi. What is this? Ma fol, the fact Is That my hand Is out of practice, And my poor o'.d fiddle oraoked Is, Aud a man — I let tho truth out— Who has almost every tooth out, \- Cannot sing as once ho sung When ho was young, as you are young, When ho was young, and lutes were strung1, And lovo-lamps In tho casement huDg. One likes to think of Thackeray, coming westward, perhaps, frqm Hanway Court, Comiog from a gloomy court. Place of Israelite resort, carrying to a girl tho littio lamp, with " tho initials K. and E.," and touching again tho old cracked luto, and humming his do, re, mi within hearing of the roar of Piccadilly, Who knows what thoughts aro in tho minds of tho peoplo wo pass, and if one of them is, porhaps, a poet, his head full of fancies and musical numbers ! Tho old guitar is a good deal thrummed in Piccadilly, sometimes to a golden tune on tlio flags, where Oid Q.'s < ghost would find plenty of the ladies he liked to watch. . The dancing muslo behind the wide windows - is chiming to the 'sama melody, do, rc, mi, in tho ears of golden youth. But what 4>avo we to 'do- with all that, wo whose " poor bid fiddle crocked Is," except to keep, out of tlie way of the car riages, and, hailing. ' a modest' omnibus, get westward, skirting : the park, where, ; even in London, the limes are fragrant in tho . soft moonlit air. Enough of racket, enough of the spectacle of men und women, bustling ' and changing about as vigorously as if thoy had never heard that " life . would bo-toler-. ablo but for its pleasures," Let them keep charging forward, " going on " they soy, from ono crowded house to another crowded house, whither tho peoplo thoy havo just left follow them, and so to a third, and a : - fourth, and to bed at last when, rosy- fingored dawn is creeping up from the east, . dawn that makes even London streets mysteriously fair, and that -lavishes her amber and purple splendors on half empty, 1 jaded Piccadilly. This essay is not precisely a Praise of Piccadilly. The writer is one whb, like tho good Lord James of Douglas, "would liefer hear tho lark sing than the mouse cheep." To a taste not fond of cities no street is very fascinating, not even that Florentine road by theyellow river, within site of tlio olives and the airy purplo hills. Much less, then, can any thoroughfare in tho huge, smoky, chok ing London appeal to one with any charm, or win any affection. But thero is one com fort. No Londoner cares what is said'abouti London. Tho place bewitches many women, perhaps most women, 'and many mou, with an inexplicable spell. Like Cap tain Morris, thoy prefer " the sweet shady Bide of Pull Mull " to any moor or valley, hill or woodland. What it is that allures them, beyond a kind of- inBtinct of grcgariousncss, an attractive force in propor tion to the mass of human beings, one ' can not conceive. . . London is full of people, comfortably established people, .who; have no . . business , there, and why in the world do they come? It is a mystery, for they are not even in society, using the narrow sense of the word ; they only Dear of the feosts and dances next day, and of the scandals the day after to-morrow. With the latest rumors of tho newest beauties, or tho oldest wild dow agers thoy makonoaequaintance at firsthand. They prefer Regont-streot and the shops, or murky Victorin-streot and tho "stores" to Piccadilly, Neither thoy, nor anyone else, is offended by the expression of a dis taste for the great won. Even born Lon doners has-o no civic patriotism. Yon can not expect a mun to be proud of Bloomsbury, or huughtily to announco that ho was born in Bayswator. No poet now would write, like Spenser, ' ; At length tliey all to merry London came, To merry London, my most kindly nurso, ' ' . That to mo gavo this life's first liutivo source. Rather would lie think of London in Do Quincey's mood and speak of Piccadilly 09 a "stony-hearted stepmother." . 