moveltet*' [now nnsT rumiaiiED.] The Verdict las-? . A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND Hy Harold M. Mackenzie, -4ti//ior of 'The Squatter's Daughter.'* I V ? w ? ? , CIIAPTEXt XVIII.— (CONTINDJSD.) | u As tho crow ilios wo aro about; a mil© from llippoo, but bythe road about half a uiilo more. How tho horse and rider camo to tbo crock behind us is a mystery, for by daylight the track's hard onough to follow. In any caso, thero tho matter stands; they got right there.' Tho sergeant stood deep in thought for a few minutes, revolving in his mind fhis extraordinary circumstauco which like many other matters of a liko character puzzled him considerably. *' Well, we'd botter retrace our steps, Tulloch, and make a minute examina* tion of tho track we've just left.' Tho trooper* onco moro turned in tho direction from whenqu they camo, picking their way car«'full3* over tlio treacherous ground which from long neglect of traflic had become thickly overgrown with a perfect bower of prickly creepers and othc-r noxious plants. Tho sergeant had had much experience in cases of a mysterious nature, requiring all tho acumen of a mind trained to the business, yet here was ono 'which alto gether seemed without the natural data top) upon.' 44 1 cannot dispel the idea from my mind, Tulloch. that. Liscombo was carried . to that Iroc where tlie Cinnamon found him ; for it seems to ni'i almost amoral impossibility that his horse could have brought him to tho place where wo are now.' j 'In which* ease, I may presume, you j give no credenco to Iho accident theory, I thinking possibly it may have been a case of suicide.' 4- Moro likely one of murder,'- rejoined Popham, regarding Tulloch with a look of determination in his face. 'Then what has bccomo Qf tho horso? Surely some signs would havo shown themselves before this. A horso is a more iunom'cnicnt article to dispose of than a man.' ' Yes, flint's true enough, moro cspecl ally a well-bred quad, liko ho rode. That kind of horse would bo noticed anywhore in tho colony nnd suspicion would natu-. rally rest with tho present ownor. No ; I must confess that if it has been a case of foul play tho porpetrator has mado a very comploto job of it. The idea of making it look liko an accident has been very successful. Thero has been no attempt to conceal anything and from ?what you've told me tho position of the body looked as if the head had come in violent contact with tho tree. Is that not bo ?' Tulloch nodded assent, though ho was very c, -ireful not to launch out'into a dis cussion in which ho knew that his fellow oliicor, from tho way ho had o! putting questions, might mako him contradict himself. Tulloch' was young in .years compared to Popham, and with tho natural im potuosity of youth too ready to form hasty conclusions. ' Latterly, howevor, nndor such an ox porioncori hand as Popham he was learn ing to keep a careful guard 011 his tongue which abovo all things wna most necessary in tho careor he had ohoson. They had arrived at the summit of the declino which led steoply to tho bank of the creok, dolaying for a time to mako a careful survey of tho placo. 'No imprints of hoofs would show on ?this ground,' remarked Popham, looking down at tho interwoven mass o£ under growth. 11 If there's been a struggle of nny kind thoro would bo no chance of seeing where ?it occurred. Tlie horso ma}' or may not linvo come as far as this. What do you think!' Tulloch thought bofore speaking then offered a suggestion. 'Tho horso may have takon fright, trod in a hole or somothing else, pitched ! his ridor whore tho Cliinamen found him and, unable to stop himself, floundered i into tho stream1 and been soized by alli , gators.' ' Good' enough for a threo volume novel,' replied Poplinm, laughingly. 'Just measure the track where we are now, for we must bo ready to answer all questions at tho inquest.' The young trooper took the measure, \- giving Popham ono end of it whilst he spanned tho glado with tho tapo-lino. '? What do you mako it ?' ' Exactly two yards and a quarter.' ' Woll, that doesn't Bound much any how.' Tulloch thon wound tho lino in and re placed it in his pockot. '?It's a cursed awkward place this to ' find anything, ovon supposing thero was a clue kicking about.' Tiie forns and rank grasses grow In riotous profusion owing to the roof of branches which sheltered thom from the Vigorous Bunr#ys. ihe ground which nourished. tliGia was cool and moist to tho touch even whon tho sun was warmest. Tho many piping birds loved this socludod home, darting in and out tho olivo and emorald foliage with plumage as giy and dazzling as had all tho colors of a silk factory been scattered through the forcBt. It was a world of bright Bunaliino with out, and Ihoso corners ' within where tho light atolb not Boomed almost black by comparison. 'Tlioro's nothing moro to bo dono hero, I fancy, and to speak tho truth I am considerably disappointed j we'll get back to tho boat.' Tho sergeant thonco moved on in tho direction indicated, but had not pro ceeded far when his oye was suddonly attracted by an object glittering in tho Bunsliino not many feot from where ho stood. 'Hulloa I Wo'ro on something at last ' — stooping to pick it up — ' a littlo moro and I should havo passed you alto gether, my friend,' addressing a hand somely ehased silver hunting-flask whioh he examined closely. 'I declare, there's a small drop of mountain dow still in itl' Ho poured tho contonts into a cup attachod. ' Wo'll have a drink on it, anyway, and good luck to us.' Ho handed Tulloch a portion of tho spirit which ho put to hiB lips. ' Good gracious ! man, what's the matter ?' seeing that Tulloch pulled a wry faca and spat tho contents on the ground. ' Matter? ej ,*b if J ScixM i enough of i-, it *rouk- sil! roe ftra)«bi off. I haven't lived all thoBo years not to know tho taste of drugged L'^uor.' Sorgeant Pophahi at this remark applied his nostrilB to tho stopper, which immediately convinced him that all was was not right.' ' Ah ! ha 1 poison in tho cup, eh ? This looks uncommon queer, to say the least of it. A lucky thing v/o'vo got some loft for analysis. A stranger thing still,' I10 continued, ' tho initials en graved on thisnrticlo resemble vory much 'S.P.' What is your opinion?' Tulloch took the flask and examined the lottors in 'question, which left 110 room for doubt in his mind that they wero &B; stated. As I10 handed it back a knowing look ovorspread Iub features, which tho ser geant was not slow in ronding. ' This can bo tho. property of no loss a person than our worthy young lord yonder,' romarked Popham. 'Yes, that belongs to or did belong to Sybil Proscott, and as far as I know he wasn't in tho habit of making expensive presents to Liscombe.' Tho sergeant laughed to himsolf. ' Neither expensive nor inexpensive. Tho only sort of present Liscombe might havo received would havo been a black eye. I daresay I10 got that.' Tho 1 sergeant was now beginning to bo more interested since tho unearthing of this important link in the chain of evi dence which might lead to other and more important results,' ' There'll havo to bo an exhumation of tho remains in order to see if thero are any traces of poisoning in tho stomach,' Baid Popham. ' That'll bo another job for Brook,' aud not a ploasant one either. No one guessed of such a thing as poison ing or attempted poisoning. This case promises some rather interesting fea tures, and looks vory black against Pros cott. Ho'll havo to give a cloar account of how Liscombo cume to bo in possession of this flask full of drugged whisky. Of courso, circumstances may have occurred by which Liscombo was tho rightful owner of tho artiolo but as we havo said bofore it is not likel.v that Proscott made him a present of it.' ' Ho might have dono bo,' re marked Tulloch, 'whon it contained poison.' 'That, my friend, wo'll provo, or I'm a Dutchman. A man who's drugged might certainly havo an inclination to dash his brains out against a treo, and whether Maurico Liscombe's death has boon that of his own doing or tho work of another this vile compound is indirectly tho cause.' ' Even the drop whioh I swallowed has mado mo feel quite queer,' said Tul loch. ' Queensland liquor's got a bad name, but I'm hanged if you can beat that by much.' The young officer cast a look of disgust at tho flask and a tremor went through his body. ' And now, lad, we'll gothome as soon as wo can,' said Popham, carefully secret ing tho flash about his person. Thoy had reached tho memorable tree whe^o tho Chineso had made thoir dis covery in order to make a thorough ex amination of this giant of tho forest. Tho Celestials wero lying fast asleep in tho bottom of tho craft, dreaming por chanco of their early return to tho Flowery Land, rich in this world's goodB. ' Hi thore ! you lazy dogs ; wako up. Wo do all tho work whilo you sleep and droani.' In an instant the grinning, sloopy looking creatures had sprung to their oars and wore once moro ready for the return journey. 'Our day, aftor all, lias been success ful,' said Tulloch, u they wero sculled down tho silent igarape and onco more emerged on to tho broad, fast-flowing river, all qolden-hued in tho red light of a Betting sun. 'Not a word, remembor,' said tho Bergeant, whon the boat had reached Thornton. The public, however, was soon astir whon it learned of tho officers' re turn, but gleaned not a word of what had takon place. CHAPTER XIX. A MIDlfTGnT VISITOR. Immediately on tho return of tho police officers to Thornton Sergoant Pop ham lost no time in making his way to the residenoo of Dr. Brook in order to hand over tho flask and its contents. The small cottage was situated about a quarter of a mile from the police bar rncka on the Townsvillo road, surrounded by a pretty garden whioh was the especial care of Dr. Brook. ' Nothing like oxeroise for the muscle! ; and digging is tho best way to develop thom,' ho would Bay when an acquaint ance passed and saw him with shirt Bleoves rolled to tho elbow. It waa almost dark when Sorgeant Popham arrived nt tho small wicket-gato aud found Dr. Brook turning ovor the black soil. ' Ah, doctor I Hard at it, aB usual, I Bee.' The jovial dootor immediately saluted him with n hearty 'How are you, sergeant 1 Come In [ and make yourself at homo. Anything ! fresh on tho wing ?' Tho polico oflincr did as ho was bid, and thoro being littlo daylight loft tho doctor throw down hi& spado aud sauntorod on to tho verandah with Pop ham. 'This is an unexpected ploasuro, sor geant. In tho first plitco, you look vory dry, and I must confess that my own throat resembles a lime-kiln more than anything else, so lot us huve some clarot and long sodas.' Tho invitation sounded cool and re freshing to tho sciiscb, moro especially whon, as everybody know, Dr. Brook kopt imported claret and that good of its sort. 'I'll have none of that confounded Colonial rubbish. It's all vory woll peoplo saying tlmt you got to like it in timo, but for my part I novor could. Too new and heady, sir. Too now and heady.' And-as tho worthy man uttered thoso words he lot down a canvas bag from tho raftors of tho verandah. 'Now I'll be bound you'll got no botter wine than this either in or out of tho colony.' Ho then proceeded to lift from tho cool water a bottlo of choice clarot known as tho Chateau Margaux. Tho sorgeant looked on, and would have preforred whiaky if ho hud had his ohoico, but he know that tho dootor eschewed spirits in tho Quconsland cli mate as ho would poison. 'Now for some soda- water and a cigar apieco, and we'll hoar what you've got to say, Popham.' Tho nows which tho latter was about to impart to Dr. Brook was of so private 1 it «Siarast6* that fe turned instinctively rouna lcbX anyone tnigut fc-e listening. 'Wo'ro porfectly safe from eavus droppers, I hopo ?' asked Popham. ' Yes, my doar sir ; not a soul within ear-ahot excopt my aged and much respected housekeeper, whoso as deaf a» a poBt, poor thing.' Tho sergoant then wont into details of tho day|s doings, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with great interest, moro especially when tho circumstancos in connection with tho finding of Proscott's flask wero narrated. 'So that's tho article, is it?' said the doctor, oxamining tho beautifully-chased work and sniffing at the contents. ' I can't say what may bo iu it, but cer tainly it hasn't tho bouqiiet of a good gonuino whisky. However, in tins part of the world that's nothing now. Wore all liquors unadulterated, wo might con gratulate ourselves that tho millonnium had arrived. 'And,' put in Popham, 'loss work for tho doctors, eh ?' ' Quito eo ; our occupation in a mea sure would bo gone. Why, half tho hospitals are kopt opon by tho salo of poisonous liquors. I've about half-a-dozen cases of delirium tremens in our own small one here. _ I maintain that hot as this climate is, if peoplo only confined them selves to light wines or, bettor still, wholesome temperanco drinks, thoy would bo aa healthy in North Queensland as in any other part of tho world.' Tho doctor aftor this took a long draught of tho claret-and-soda which stood in tho socket of his cano- lounge, thinking it was well he had included light wines iu tho list of harmless beverages. 'But this iB straying from the ques ticn. You require me to mako a careful analysis of tho liquor and should any traces of a noxious character be found, to produce a written statoment and hand it ovor.' 'That's the naturo of tho business,' answered Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison bo discovered, to order an oxhumation of Liscombo's remains nnd mako an examination of tho sto mach.' 'Quito so; tho only examination I havo yet mado has boon of tho skull, and aa far as it goes thero is nothing to show how the fracture was mado. It might havo been caused by a blow from a stick, or olae havo been tho result of accident, puro and simple, such as a fail from a horso. In any caso, if thore aro traces of poison in tho whisky I will immedi ately mako a thorough examination of tho | stomach.' ' It looks fishy,' said tho sergeant, 'the flask having Proscott's monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go vory much against liim.' The sorgeant talked to the doctor unre strainedly, knowing that whatovor passed botwoon thom would bo kept in strict secrecy. , 'You aro hard at work getting to gethor all tho evidenco in your power, I supposo ?' ' Yes, and a protty business it is. At best wo havo only ovidonco of a purely circumstantial naturo and that scarcely enough to arrest anyone upon.' ' I'll havo to look alive,' said tho doc tor, ' in order to got mine ready by tho 18th. What is your opinion about Pros cott 1' Tho sorgeant for a moment hardly liked to mako reply to such an outspoken question, stroking his moustncho and gnzing into spaco as waB his custom whenever anything of a perplexing character cropped up. After a momout Ik/ mado roply : . ' Well, doctor, eithor that ho is tho most cunning and designing scoundrel, or elso innocent of tho basest criino that man can bo charged with.' ' Ho'm I that doesn't tell mo much. For my part, I've always had tho highest opinion of Proscott, and cannot see what motive thero was for getting rid of Lis combo. It's oloar that thoy agreed about as well as a keg of gunpowder and a lighted match, but still thero must bo a Very broad lino between bearing ani mosity against. a man nnd doing away with liiin. No, I can't beliovo that Pres cott is tho slayor of tho Manager of Rap poo.' 'Romombor,' said Popham, ' thore wero £3500 at stake. A man don't care about parting with that whon I10 thinks he can soe his way dear to retaining it.' 'Mercenary motives, I am aware, have a good deal to do with tho taking of men's lives. In fact, in nine cases out of ten, murders result from that and that alone. But to toll mo that Proscott did away with Liscombe ovor a money trans action is moro than I can credit.' ' Well, doctor, how do you reconcile thot idea in your mind with thoso docu ments which woro fnutul in Liscombo e Baddle-pouch ? It appears to me that our young friend had a double reason for dis posing of tho manngor, though whon all's said and dono Liscombo was as bad as Prescott, if the death of Dugdalo rests on tho latter'o shoulders. Ho can only bo proceeded against on ono chargo at a timo, and to a certainty tho question of how Dugdalo met his death cannot bo an swered satisfactorily. Whatwohnvo to prove is whether in view of past cirouin stances there existed any reason in his mind for killing Liscombo.' , Great as tho impartiality of British justice may appear in giving prisoners tho benefit of a doubt, thero very often appears amongst tho detective force an undue and over-anxious desiro to find ' someone guilty. Detectives, liko most othor mombors of a community, havo to mako thoir daily bread and at timos this necessary com modity is hardly earned, and often too at tho risk of their own lives. Still tho fact must remain that in many casos thoir errors of judgment aro un pardonable when a man in arrested 011 a chargo of which ho is wholly innocent. In thoir endeavors to earn far them solves praiso of tho world, handsome re muneration and speedy promotion, thero is a tondoncy to overshoot tho mnrk. Sergoant Popham had hud many sue .cessful coups, and iu this particular in Btnnco comforted himself in the bolief that ho know wliero to lay hands 011 tho right person. It was past olevon o'circlc whon Pop ham rose to tako hiu depart ure. ' To-morrow, thon, you'll sot to work, doctor, and I hopo furnish us with some valuable information.' Aftor this tho trooper Bauntorcd through tho trim littlo garden With its wealth of (lowering shrub.-, and plants, Bonding forth thoir aromatic fragran'co on tho still night air. Tho quiet highway whi;ci led through thickly-grown clumps of pandauus pal mo and bamboos, lookod dreary enough as ho tramped along, sending up tho fine white dust which lay anklu-doop on tho roadway. Tho sound of his foot-fall 011 tho solid hardwood rafters of tho bridge which spanned tho river alono broko tho calm roposo of tho Bmall town. Tho night was closo nnd almost stifling in its character witliiu doors, so much ao that Popham resolved not to rotiro forth with, knowing full well that littlo or no sloop would como to refresh him. Ho according filled himself a pipe of tobacco and stretched liiuisolf in a ham mock which occupied a corner of tho verandah. Ho went over again in his mind tho events of the day which he felt sure were about to throw strong light on the naturo of Maurico Liscombe's death. If thero woro traces of poison in tho liquor — of whioh ho had not tho least' doubt — the question must bo answered. ' Who was to blame ?'' Thero could bo littlo doubt either that tho flask which bore Sybil's monogram was not Liscombe's property. It was midnight. The palniB and bamboos wero stirred by a gentlo breeze which rulllod their feathory tops, tho Sapping wings of some flying-fox as it darted through spaco, might bo hoard, or tho mournful cry (jfa jungle-fowl piping until tho eastern li^ht would appear. Tho sergoant was as thoroughly prac tical in character as a man could woll bo. No superstitious fancies over found their way into his clear and far-sooing mind, though his homo in tho old country had boon associated with all mannor of blood curdling legends handed down from gene ration to generation and believed in to the letter by tho old villagers Who wero as ignorant as pooplo generally aro — born, broil and dying in ono spot. ' I daresay I should havo grown up ex actly tho samo, had I Btayod thero,' he said to himsolf, his thoughts travelling back to tho old Lancashire village. ' Romance is all vory well, but when a man's starving thoro's devilish littlo ro mance in him. And that's been my ex porionco before now, and in Australia, too, whore they say a man can't starve if he's willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in tho old country. It's simply ignorance of tho lowest ordor. Put some of my old chums in tho bush for a yoar or so and they'll soon get all that uonsonse knocked out of thom.' What had led tho sergeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was moro than ho himself could have said. v ' My God I there's a ghost 1' ho sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the ham mock and gazing steadily at an appari tion which stood motionless at tho garden gate. ' Am I dreaming ? No, sure onough, I'm awake.' The sergeant gavo himself a pinch in order to uiako cortaiu. At iivst tho sudden appearance of such a sight somewhat startled liim, but in another instant he walked quickly down in tho direction of his nocturnal visitor. 'By heavens, it's Lucy!' he said, be ginning to recognise tho well- known fea. tures of tho popular bar-maid. 'What on earth can sho bo doing at this tiino of night, and alono, too ?' Ho waa right. The figure boforo him was Lucy Gullem, clad in naught elso but hor robe de nuit, and her long ravon treses falling in wavy masses about her shouldors and neck. Her eyes wore wide opon, largo, lustrous nnd black, yet thoro seemed no whit of expression thero. Sho was asleep— as Bound asloop as if sho had never stirred from hor bod. ' What tho dovil shall I do with hor ?' tho sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady Macbotli-iiko visitor. To awaken hor ho waa determined not to, having heard that such a thing might provo fatal, moro especially whon I10 knew the highly norvous stato of this girl's temperament. It was tho first timo 1*1 his life that ho had over been confronted hy such a sight, and hoped it would be tho last. 'Well, it's 110 uso standing looking at her all night, though sho is nice. I've never boforo seen her look ao fetching. My word, how the boys would laugh if thoy only know of this. Lucy at my house at this hour!' The sorgeant smiled nt tho bare idea of such a thing aud congratulated himself on tho fact that thoro was 110 eyo witness of tho scene. 'No ono Bhnll hear of it, I'm deter-, mined, nnd so the sooner I can get her back to bed tho bettor. Good ovoning, Lucy, will you givo mo a whisky and bitters, please ?' Tho Bergeant thought this a good way of oponing tho conversation, boing about the most natural question I10 could havo asked. Tho girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gazed steadily boforo hor. ' I can't stand this much longer. Per haps she'll come inBido if I ask her. Won't you rest yoursolf a momont ; tho aftornoon iB warm ?' ' Thank you, if you'll keep Bocret what I'm about to say.' Popham took her hand in his and led hor up to tho verandah. 1 won't come nny further,' oho re marked ; ' I'm pressed for timo. In fact, it's past ton now, but I had to come. I could not rest till I told you.' ' Calm yoursolf, Lucy, nnd toll mo all. You may rely upon mo kooping every thing to myself.' 'Ah! sorgeant, in you, perhaps, I havo iny ono and only frioud. Pooplo may call themselves my friends, but I know botter. Can a bar-maid bo a friend of anyone's 1 Look what sho has to go through, tho peoplo oho must smilo at and pretend tq like. Ah! tho whole thing is simply a burlesquo from begin ning to end. But in you, sergeant, I ? know that 1 can pi* my trust.' I Tho girl put out hor hnnd, glittering with many precioua stones of a doubtful chnractor, which Popham hold gontly. 'And now for my story. I couldn't Bloop to-night whon I wont to bud, with this dreadful weight 011 my mind, so dressed myself and camo up horo.' Tho sorgeant gazed down at tho oin broidored robo ofHL'o somnambulist and smiled at tho idoa. ' I know that tho body of Maurico Lfscomho would bo found soonor or lator. ' Murder will out' is a truo saying,' nnd has proved so in this case. I havo como hero to givo you somo strong ovidonco which will bring that man to justico.' ' Who is that mnn 1' Lucy at this quostion went off into a high-pitched scream of laughtor, de moniacal nnd unnatural in sound. 'How can you ask that quoBtion?' sho Baid whon sho had recovered hor composure. ' Why, Sybil Proscott iB Lijcombe's murderer. Oh ! don't look surprised. The word sounds harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, as truo as over a thing was in tliia lifo.' Tho sergeant heeded not tho statemont made by the woman in her present state, yet wilhal thoro was an irresistible fasci nation to listen to all alio had to Bay. 'To bring Sybil Prescott to justico is my purposdl Thoso documents which toll so much against him aro as nothing besido what I havo seen with my own oyos. J know their contentB, but liow I know them don't ask mo. There was a llask belonging to Prescott which, if it wero recovered, weuld provo something that ho might not liko. That flask was given to Liscombo the niglii whon herodo to his death.' ' What did it contain ?' asked the ser geant. ' It contained poison. Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ah ! a woman was not given her reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of this — told him to pour every drop of it away, ob something said within mo all was not right. 1 heard somcono in tho bar this evening talking about drugged liquor, so perhaps pooplo may know more about tho matter than we suppose. Why should Proscott givo that man who now lies in his gravo a flask of whisky to drink ? A thing that ho has novor in his lifo done before. The reason is not hard to guess. You know as much as I do about both of them. 1 will :; iv 110 inoro. JCnow this, sergeant, that tho blood of Liscombe is on that young man's hands. Arrest liim without dolay and give him his deserts.' Lucy by this timo had wound liorsol/ up to an unnatural pitch of excitement, so much so that Popham began to fear that sho would awakon. Notso, howevor. Sho still hold on with her rambling and at times incoherent account of what sho wished the polico officer to believe. ' Maurico Liscombo waa kind to mo, though I novor liked him. I loved anotlior ; loved him dearly. But what uso was it? He was already nn engaged men. How handsome, how noblo I thought he was. Ho could never be mine. All has happened for tho best. My lifo would have been linked with that of a murderer's, for I10 was none othor than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I havo had a narrow escape. Time is going ; I must got home again. Will you walk as far as tho gate ? I feol reliovod now sinco I havo told you what I know. How else could Maurico have boon killed unless as I havo said by poison ? What will a man not do when I10 is in an unconscious stato and has suicidal tendcncios liko he had ? Ah I tho thought is horrible, lior riblo, liorriblo !' As sho uttorcd tho words she moved slowly down tho stops, bookoning Pop ham to follow. At tho gate sho whisporod in his ear : 'Remember, lot no ono know what I havo told you.' In nnothor instant sho had vanished through tho darkness along the shadowy road. Popham watched hor out of Bight, wondoring to himBelf Btrange things, then turned to go inside and if possible Bleep it dr. 'Evidence coming in this fashion is darned strange. Someone or another will havo a hot timo of it.' Soon tjie eyes of tho troopor oloscd in sleop and for tho timo ho was quite obli vious that thero had overlived such a per son as Maurico Liscombe. CHAPTER XX. THE AllREST. ' Sybil J ulian Proscott, I arrest you for tho wilful murdor of ono Maurico Lis combo 1' Such wore tho wordsuttoreda fow days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which woro enough to havo struck terror into tho heart of tho hardest of criminals ; but with Sybil, though grim onough when pronounced in tho sergeant's stentorian voico, taken little heed of. Tho scone of thoarrest was tho verandah of Sybil's houso at Rappoo. As was custonniry, now that Maurico Liscombo was no more, ho and Uoyoroft would often tako an al fresco brenkfast on the broad, shady verandah. Whilst par taking of coffee, rolls and' luscious tropio fruits tho eye could bo refreshed with tho bright omorald foliage of tho cane-fields, nil glistening and cool-Jooking under the first rays of an early son. How many timea had they sat there, talking of all manner t-f things, and nofc tho least of thom many and many a time before discussed iu ad its bearings thie caso of which Sybil nonv formed tho cen tral figure. It is a well known thing among tho polico that oftou an am st is mado in ono quartor in ordor that another party of whom thoy havo suspicion may bo thrown off his guard. With criminals, as a rule, when thoir evil instincts prompt them to commit a crime their conduct is oftontimes marked in after notions by foSly nnd cowardice, though previously thoy had had enough courage to carry out thoir designs. What gladder tidings can be carried to tho ears of any la.w-transgressor than to hear that for tho critno of which ho alone is guilty nnothor and an innoconb man has been arrested ? Ho gloats' nnd ohuokles to himself at tho idoa of such a thing and would willingly go mid boo him suffer tho last penalty of tho law raihor than 'raise a finger to save him. Ho little dreams that by assuming such an air of nonchalance I10 is really prepar ing for himself that noose which no had so fondly calculated waa waiting for another. Tho polico are ready to note everything that ho may say or do. They shadow him day and night, watching him when 1 lie loasts suapeots ; aye, and even talk and drink with him. I Thoy ply him witt, whisky, and ^ learn much that otliorwtBO I10 would have feared to touch upon in his sobor moments. At longth, by a word lot slip, by a Bomothing however trivial it may appear to tho gonoral public, ho incrimi natoa himsolf. In nn instant tho iron baudB oncirclo his wriata. IIo ina pri soner, nnd no ono moro astonished than hiiAself. Had Sorgeant Popham arrested Sybil in ordor to mako tho arrost of nnothor moro certain ? No 0110 could sny. As nn ollicor who know whnt his duty was nobody ques tioned for a momont. Tho caso was in his hnnds for solution, and tho first 6top towards bringing the slayer of Liscombo to justice had boon takon. 1 Tho public would look on and follow each stago of tho procoedings with that voracious appoiite for supping upon horrors which is bo characteristic of tho averago law-court lounger. Though tho inquest hail been fixed for a cortnin date, it waa nccesBnry to post pono it for a wook lator in ordor that tho witnesses might havo duo notico and that any further ovidonco forthcoming might also bo obtained. 'Will thore bo no timo to write a lottor or settle othor matters?' inquired Sybil ns Popham and.Tulloch stood before his chair. 'I've much to Bay that I should liko. Could you givo me an hour ?' ' Vory sorry to say, sir, that wo can't. Our orders are to tako you without dolay to Thornton. No doubt you'll bo able to do any businoas thore that you may re quire. There'll bo a clear wook boforo tho inquest, during which you'll havo plenty of timo to yoursolf.' A grim smilo overspread Sybil's faco at tho thoughts of that weary wook before him. And who could say, perhaps, how many weary weeks thero might not bo after that, supposing they found him guilty ? Ab Royeroft hoard tho storn older of Sorgeant Popham, ho drew Sybil aside, scnrcoly ablo to articulate clearly the comforting words which ho wished to say. With an offort, however, ho mastered himself. ' Bear up, old boy j tlio crisis hns come nt last. You show nothing of what you feol ; wore you to do so, porhaps, you would appear less plucky tlinn you really are. I'll havo the horses saddled without delay, nnd wo'll rido to Thornton under CMjort.' His Inst words wore almost spoken in a jocular mannor, as ho mil down tho steps and took a path in tlio direction of tho stables. Whilst Royeroft was abBent, Sybil nnd the trooperB remained besido tho break fast table. Had theso stern guardians of tho law boon off duty thoy would readily havo ac cepted tho light wines nnd cigars which Sybil so kindly offored. As it was, however, thoy could ac cept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at nil. Thoy wero stolid as Sphinxes, looking steadily boforo them ovor tho waving cano-tops, bonding to the morning breezo with a sad, mournful sound liko tho waves of tho sea. And this world of sunshine, this broad, far-stretching panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which merry birds piped their songs and dusky savages laughed and levelled, was to bo exchanged for tho dark, unwholosomo atmosphere of a folon's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his oyo roamed at will across tho familiar landscape far awav towards that frim-ninn- fnrt.rPHS-lilco rock of Grazobrook, whoro poor Chris tino watched and hopod for hie re turn. . Ah 1 cruel enough ho thought i'r, all, but easy to bear were sho not made to suffer on liis account. This waa a thought, sharp ns an arrow ontering his side, which maddened him to dwollupon. ' Why should sho bo mado to suffer?' ho kopt repeating to himself. And thon his oyo was suddenly at tracted by tho ornamental hilt of Pop ham's revolver, protruding from its case. Flight never entered his mind, and ho ovon smiled to himself at tho idea of such a weapon being carried on his account. Thougli his rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descriptions, no thought of ovor carrying ono in self-dofonco had over occurred to him. ? ? 'I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it,' he had often said when stories of 'nigger-potting,' as it is familiarly termed, wero told him by anotlior. ' Some, no doubt,' he thought, ' would havo takon to the bush immediately when thoy had known thore was a chance of boing arrested, cramming ob many shoot ing irons and daggers 'into their belt aB would terrify a host. I soo nothing in it, ns ton chances to ono tho capture would havo been offoctod all the Bnme. These troopers shoot straight, which is not always tho caso with those who carry moBt weapons of defenco. Besides, what havo I to cscapo from? God and my conBcionce tell mo what is right, and thot's enough.' By this timo Royeroft had brought up tho horsos which Sybil and lie wero going to rido to tho township. How frosh and well-conditioned they appeared in tho bright morning light, turning their heads in tho direotion of their comfortablo loose-boxes, from whence came tho neighing of stable companions. All these overy-day trifles were now taken note of by Sybil as lie sat in moody silence. MoBt, no doubt, havo experienced tho same when, perhaps, for tho Inst tiino they are looking at some woll known sceno in which everything, bo it small or groat, leaves nn impression long to bo remembered when years havo rolled their course. Shall I be permitted to accompany Mr. Prescott?' asked Royeroft of tho sorgeant as they wero making prepara tions for the start. ' By all means. No doubt your Bor vices will be of uso to tho prisoner. He may have messages to send.' How Harsh the word prisoner sounded to the ears of tho , young fellows, though a common enough one with Pop haln. ' 'Thon wo'ro all ready. Tulloch, do you tako up the rear whilst I ride in front. Remember, Mr. Prescott, this is more as a matter of form than anything else. We have no fear that you will try to escape.' Sybil had beon arrested so quietly that scarcely anyone on the plantation was awaro of it. The quartette woro riding down ono of the -quiet cano-glados, whenco camo the sharp ring of knives nnd joyous refrain of tho islandora, aB tho long bamboos fell in heaps ready for garnering. They littlo dreamed that thoir master was being hurried forward to answer questions boforo a tribunal on so hideous » charge. — {To be continued.) 1 ~V W I) 