THE STORY-TELLER. _, THE/ SPECTRE OP NEW AMSTERDAM. " Once upon a time, to ose the words of a pleasant and instructive historian, the governors of New Amsterdam were little kings, and the burgomasters such great j theft that , whoever spoke ill of one of tfféní* liad à bridle ¡hit iütÖ His diputa, Jro^jSi Uûacr bis ¿ruisj ana a label oil his breast fecording his crime, tn this trim he^wasle^hy the sheriff and tied to al .post, where he remained à spectacle to the. -public, and an example to all evil does-or rather , evil-savers. I wonder j haw much a custom would go down now- j a-days, with the great: champions of the liberty of the press? Then too, instead of street inspectors, wilone duty it is to take care of one "Side "ofTi'-fltreetf and let the other take care of itself, there were roy-1 meesters to'Jook tó;f£Hc ieucéa. and keep the cows from trespassing on their neighbours' pastures'-then the houses were covered with reads and straw, and the chimneys' were made of wood- then all matrimonial disputes were settled by 'a commissary of marriage affairs,' and no'man could eat; a- loaf of. bread, except the'dour' had been inspected by the. ' Comptroller general of the company's windtnill,' ' Who could be no other than the §age; Doh 'Quixote' himself-then the dàtiuctibn of. ranks, instead of being designaled.by great 'and little burghers. . .^boüt'this time the good citizens of Igew-^mßiof^^^yrere '"V99* e8Pecia'ly. aftaid,.o£ throe. ' things-Indians, ghosts, ¿nd witches. ' 3È"or the first they'haye good ' reason, ipr , tho . Indians inhabited the errantry around them in all directions, and-though ¡the honest Amsterdammera could'baatïthem at a hargaiu, there was another game «t which they bad rather^ the advantage. In regard to ghosts, and pitches, I cannot say as much in justifi- cation'cif their fears. .^Jjto'waB a short, square-built, bandy lègge^. ;'hrts^-fàcëd, snub nosed little feTlpw, who valued himself upon toeing au old soldier ; a species of men, that, with the exceptiqu of traveller*, ire the most given to,, telling what are.called tough stories, of .any .people in the world. Ac cording to his own account, he had been io anora pitched battles than Richard the Lion: or- Julius Croser; and jnade more lucky "escapes than any knight-errant on record. The .most miraculous one pf, all waa at sbme battle-1 forget the name 'Cherene certainly would have been killed tf he had not' opportunely arrived just jfcfterit was over. . ; I *'. however this may be, at the time I ¿Pf ak of, "Jan Sol figured as corporal in the trusty cify^j^ it Was to watch during the hight to'guard against the inroads of the savages, and to, enforce, in >the. day tioib, the military code established for the good order and well;heiug of the metropolis. TIIIB code conBÍBtédof nineteen articles, everyone of ^which "Was" a perfect blue law. ' Bread I and waler, boring tongues with a red hot iron, hanging, and such trilles, were the please a man had to expect in those -days. jThe. mildest infliction pf the whole code; ¿vas that pf riding a wooden horse for not .^appearing on parado at the ringing of a bell. The; town was always famous for bell-ringing. Jan had many a ride iu this way fdr nothing. Amongst the most rigid of these regulations wae one which denounced death for going in and ont of the fort, ' except through the gate ; and another/ ordering a similar punishment for entering or leaving the city by any way but the land- port after the mayor "had gone Iiis rounds in the evening and ^received the keys from the guard. ." One bright moonligh night, in the .month pf August, it fell to the lot of Jan Sol to mount guard, not a hundred yards -from the great gate. It was a ssene for poetic-inspiration, but Jan Sol was no «poet, although he often availed himself-of " the poetic science in his stories. He was thinking of something else, besides the beauty of the night and the scene. The truth is, hie nerves were very much out of order. "It was aboiit the time that witches made their first appearance in the world, whither they came, I suppose, to escape the pleasant alternative of being either drowned or hanged, proffered to them in . those days by the good people of England. But they got out of the frying pan into tho fire, as history records, particularly to the eastward of the Manhadoes, where some of them underwent the ordeal of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. ' Others fled to New Amsterdam, greatly , to the discomfort of the good citizens, who took such umbrage as broomsticks, ' that the industrious and cleanly house- wife's, vocation of sweeping the parlour twelve times a day, was considered naught. ? It it affimed that instead of a broom, they used the broad-brimmed Sunday hats of their husbands in blowing away the dust, for fear of being taken for witches. There was a universal panic and a uni . ? versal dust throughout all the city. "All these horrors now encompassed the imagination of Jan Sol. as he paced the little hillock, with slow steps, and from timé 'tb time started at his shadow. The half hoar seemed an age, aad never did anybody long so mtoch for the appear ence of a corporals guard to. relieve him. " He had not been on his watch more than ton minutes or so, when happening to look toward thé opposite «hore of Pavonia, lie saw something moving on tito waters like a canoe shooting abross the river. Five hundred Indians, with totuakawkes add scalping knives, all at once stood before the little- sentinel; whose imagination was ready cocked and primed tor the reception of all sorts of horrors. Ho had a great mind to fire his gun, aud alarm the r garrison,-, hut a little of the fear of his companion's jokes^ restrained him for that time. ; However,) he drow. a pistol,- aud- refreshed ,-his courage with a little of the genuine echiedam, after which he ventured-do ; look that way again. Hut the» canoe had disappeared in. a most miraculous manner,; and Jan was satisfied in his mind, that *-it ' was neither more nor loss than thé ghost of. a canoe. There: was not much cousola tioninthis; buf.it was better thari the ' SQO Indians, . with their tomakawká tjula scalping-knives.. , . "The,night'breeae üow sprung'np,with.' its chilling, dews «nd. cooled Jan's courage : till it nearly fell down to the freezing point. -The wind or some other, cause, , produced a sort of creaking and moaning in the old crazy windmill, which dre w, the eyes of the little sentinel in that direction. At that momtnt, Jan saw a head , slowly . rising and peeking over the wall, directly in a line with the windmill. Hiê eyes: became riveted to the spot; with'the" irresistible fascination '»f overwhelming error, Gradually the head was folroWpcfc; by shoulders, body, and legs, which Jatf swore belonged tn a giant, at least six-,r teen ells high After sitting a moment on the wall, the,figure,. according to Jaús relation before the governor «ext uiorning, put forth a pair of enormous wings, aud whirling itself roundland round in ia circle -while its eyes flashed fire, and its teeth j appeared like live coals-Actually flew, down from the wall towards the governor's garden, where it disappeared, or rather sank into the ground, close by the garden gate: " Jan fired his gun,' and one might haye supposed he killed himself; for he fell flat on his face, apparently as dead as a door nail. . . ' .,' " Here ho was fouud . hy the relief guard, about , five .minutes afterwards, with his face buried in the sandhill. Jan : tobi his story, and swore to it af terwards,; but alMie got was a tide on the wooden horse thé next morning. The story, how- ever,- took wind, and there was more liquor «old that day at Stadt Herberg, or | city tavern, than for a whole week I before".1' . ' . . . ? "Measures were taken the following night, and for several nights afterwards, j to detect this gigantic spectre,'but in vain. Nothing appeared to disturb'the] .quiet repose of the. guard of the city till the next Saturday Dight, when it came tb Jan Sol's turu to take his watch.ppon the ; saud hill, about the, same hour as before. They, say Jan. fortified himself with a double allowance of schiedam, and. put a little Dutch Bible in the pocket of one of his breeches. But all would not do,- for : many people were ready to swear after- ; wards that his hair stood on au end so, sturdily that he could hardly keep his tin' cap upon it. Ghosts, hobgroblius, and all that sort of thing have not only ; A pro- pensity to visit some one particular person, but are likewise extremely regular iii their habits, as well as in their hours, of appearing. Exactly at the same ho'nr the little canoe shot from Pavonio^he old windmill began to creak and moan the gigantic spectre peered Over the wall, at the same spot as before, and cautiously^ glaring round with his fiery eyes,; unfurled his mighty wings, and, 'after turning a few somersaults, flew towards tile gate of the governor's' gar-' den, where he disappeared as before.' This time Jan was too far gone to. fire his matchlock, but a few minutes after he was found almost insensible . with fright by the relief guard, who carried him before the governor next morning,- where he swore to the same story, and was . com-, plimented with another ride on the wooden horse. "But the repetition of a miracle is sure to make it less miraculous; and a wonder twice told is half proved. People began to believe, and from believing, to. be sure there was something put of the way, at least, in this affair. Miracles; like misfortunes, never come single; aud almost everyone had a wonder of his own to reinforce that of the little Dutch sen- tinel. At least fifty of them happened within less than a week, each more alarm- ing than the other. Doors opened at midnight by invisible hands-strange black cats with green eyes, and sparks of fire flying out of their backs, appeared at different times-theold mahogany drawers made divers strange noises, and sometimes wont off with a report almost as loud as a pistol-and an old woman coming into market with cabbages before daylight in the morning, met a black figure, she could almost swear it had a tail and a cloven foot. A horseman was heard in tho middle of the night galloping furiously towards the land-port, crying, ' Whoa 1 whoa !' with a hollow voice ; and what was very singular, .though several persons got up to look out of. the windows, no ona could see the least; oigu of horse or horseman. lu short the:whole city of New ; Amsterdam was iu a pau|c, and he was a .bold man that would not run away from his own shadow. Even the' big house,' where the governor dwelt, was infected, insdmuch that his excellency doubled his ¡guards; ¡ and slept ' with loaded pistols at his' bed-sidè. . One of -these 'madeva" voluntary^ discharge one .night, and the bullet passe'i right through i. the picture of admiral Yan Tromp, which1 j hiing up in the chamber, if it had been been;,the admiral himself he would have [ been killed as sure as a gun. [\ ." Accordingly, the next Saturday night ¡A ! party got in readiness of six picked men of-the city guard, under the .com- mand'of Captain Balthaster Koyff, of ihipiortsl meinory, who had faced more . ghosts in'. his generation - than any man . liVihjf., "The whole, band 'was equipped with' an extráorinary number of nether ¿garments for defence, and fortified with Houble allowence of schiedam, to keep up their .-courage in this arduous service. .The captain was considered a person of thc greatest "weight in ali the city, and in ^addition to this, he added to his specific gravity,' by stuffinginto his pockets' all the leaden weights he could borrow of a ^neighbouring grocer, for he did not know but the inbhster might'fly away with him. ¡His comrades remonstrated, that this ad jditipnal weight would impóde his pursuit of the foe; put the captain nobly replied, ' it was beneath "a soldier to run, either from; or after.an cuemy.' The most pre- served secrecy.was preserved in all these 'arrangements. : ,, . ,. . . .... ; " Thus equjpped,they took their station, about ll o'clock on the öunday night : following -the last- appearance of the winged .monster, under cover of one of the neighbouring houses; and there waited the coming pf the mysterious visitor, j Twelve o'clock; the favourite hour of spectres of all sorts; come and'psBsed, yet no spectre. appeared peeping over the' wçl). ., ßy this time ; they: feagan to he wearied wU.hplong watching ; and it wa¿ proposed that they shonhi take turns, one at a t}me, .while. the others .slept .off the fatigue of such pnheardrof servioe.. . Thc lot ¿eil upon.. Jan Sol, who being, ns it were,- a «ort of old- 'acquaintance of the: spectre, was supposed to he particularly qualified for th¿ honour.' Jan forthwith posted hiinself'at the corner of-1¡he house, upon «nô leg, to make sure bf keeping awake, aa y had whilome ëeon the NeVr Amsterdam ¿éese dp/ ère - èhey'wére banished from thé city, by tho inflexible patriotism of Dirck Smet, the great' law- giver. .; ?, .'"? '. "." .A* The, lijóle' Dutch sentinel stood for about half an hour, sometimes on one leg, sometimes on "the other, with his head full of hobgoblins, and his heart full of fears. The moon 'was on the fast decrease, and now exhibited an arch not unlike a bright Indian bow,'suspended iu the west, a little above the distant horizon. Gradually it sunk behind the hill*, leaving the .world to the guardianship of the .watchmen bf1 the. hi£ht, the twinkling stars. Scarcely a minuté, After, the heart of honest Jan was set .bumping against his trusty ribs, by the appearance .'of something slowly rising above the indis- tinct line of the city wall, which I ought Wi* observe, was made of wood. The spectre gradually mounted higher and higher, and rested on the very spot where he had seen it twice before. The teeth nf Jan. Sol chattered, and his knees knocked against each other-but he stood his ground manfully, and either would not or'could not run away. This time the spectre, though he appeared with' two enormous wings projecting from his shoulders, did not whirl them round, or expand them in the manner he' had done before. After sitting perched for a few moments on the wall, he flew down to the ground, and crept cautiously along, under cover of the wall, in a direc- tion towards the big house. At this mo- ment, the trusty Jan,with some,difficulty, roused his companions,and silently pointed to the spectre gliding along as before re- lated. Wether it was that it saw or heard something to alarm it, I cannot say, but scarcely had the redoubtable Captain Knyfl; risen, and shaken from his valiant .spirit the fumes of sleep and schiedam, When the spirit took, as it were, to itself wings, and sped rapidly towards the gate pf-vthe governor's garden. The party pur- sued, with the exception of the captain, who carried too much weigh for a race, and arrived within sight of the gate just iii time to see the spectre vanish, either ¿auder, over, or inside of it, they could not tell which. When they got to the gate, they found it fast locked, a proof, if any had been wanting, that it must have boon something supernatural. "In pursuance of their instructions, the guard roused the governor, his house- hold, and his troops, with tho intention of searching tho garden, and if necessary every part of his house, for the purpose of detecting this mysterious intruder. The garden was surrounded by a high brick wall, the top of which bristled with iron spikes and pieces of bottle* set ia mortar. It was worth a man's Iii to get over it. There was no .getting i .or out except: by the gate, on the outsid of which the governor stationed tw trusty fellows, with orders to stand little apart, and perfectly quiet. No all the governor's: household: was wid awake, and in a bustle of anxiety an trepidation, except one aloue, who did nc make his appearance. This was tb governor's only daughter, as pretty little Dutch damsel as ever crossed Kif sing Bridge, or rambled over1 the £ree .fields' of the Manhadnes. Compared t the queer little bodies that figure now-i days in the Broardway, seemiugly con posed of nothing but hats, feathers, an flounces-she was à composition pf re« flesh and blood; which is better than a! the gauze, silk, tulle, and gros de Naple in the world. ''The search npw commenced wit Îreat .vigour in the garden; .aíthpug! . an Sol openly declared it as his .opLdidti that they might look themselves blini before they found the spectre, who coull fly over a wall as easy as a grassliOppei fie accordingly kept aloof from th retired part of the garden, aud stud close to his noble commander, Captaii Enyff, Who, ' by ? this time; had come Ul with the'pursuers. All search; howevei proved vam; ïor, after a close investiga tiöu ' of more tháu au hour, it wa unanimously agreed, that the intrudei whether man,' monster, or ghost, coull not possibly be> hid ianthe .garden. Th governdr thea determined to have th' house searched.-and accordingly the who! party entered for that purpose, with th exception of tho two sentinels without th gate. Here, while rúmaging in closets peering under beds, and lookiug ii] chimneys in vain, they were alarmed by ; ßudden shout from the garden)which mad their hearts quake with exceeding appre hension. The shout was succeeded b; loud talkiug, and .apparent tugging an< struggling, as if between persone engagei in-hot contention. At the -same momeut the governor's daughter rushed into he; chamber, and throwing herself on the bei with a loud shriek, remained iuseusibli for some time: Everybody was sure shi had seen the spectre. "It appears that'while, the 'search wai going on in the big hpuse, and the attentiot of everybody employed iu that direction the sentinels outside~the- gate hoard thi key cautiously turned inside ; theo, aftoi a little pause, slowly open. 'A' face thei peeped out, as if -to take an observation, and the owner, apparently satisfied thai the coast was clear, darted forward. The first step, hp, unluckily tripped over, e rope.,,which these; trustly .fellows had drawn across the gate, and feU full.lengtl on the ground. Before he, jcpuld recové; his feet, the two sentinal?, were upon him, and, int spite of-his'exertions, iepfc him down, üutil their shouts drew the rest ot the guard to their assistance. Th« spectre was then secured with ropes, and safely lodged in the cellar under a strong escort, to await his examiuatiou the next morning. Jan Sol was one bf the band, though he insisted it was all nonsense-tc mount guard over a.spectre. " After the council met, and everything was -ready, the door of the -cellar was cautiously opened, aud Jau Sol at the head, that is to spy, iu the rear of allie of soldiers, descended, for the purpose of bringing forth this daring interloper, who had thus from time to time disturbed the sleep of the, sober citizens of New I Amsterdam. Jan offered to bet a can- teen of sçhiedam that they would find nobody in the cellar, but, contrary to all expectation, they presently came forth with the body of a comely youth, appar- ently about tho age of five-aud-twenty, which was considered very young in those days. Nothing was more customary there, than for a sturdy mother to bastinado her boys, as she called them, after they had grown to be six feet high. They were all . the better for it, and made excellent hus I bands.. " When the young man carno into the presence of the puissant governor of New. I Netherlands, he appeared a comely person, tall, fair-complexioned, and pleasant of feature. He was asked whence he came, and not having a lawyer at his elbow to teach him the noble art of prevarication, replied without hesitation " ' From Pavonia.' " ' How did you get into the city ?' " ' I dimed the wall, near the company's windmill.' " * And how did you get into the gover- nor's garden?' " ' The same way I got out.' "'How was thatP' " ' Through the gate P' " ' How did you get through the gate fr" " ' Bv unlocking it.' «"With whatP' " « With a key.' " ' Whence came that key ?' " No answer. " ' Whence came that key P" "'I shall not tell.' " ' What induced yon to scale the wall, and intrude into the garden P' " . I shall not tell.' " ' Not if you aro hanged for not tel* HngP' " ' Not if I am hanged for not telling.' " ' What have you done with the wings with which, according to the testimony of Jan Sol, you flew from the wall, and through thé street to the governor's garden.' . , «* » I never had any wings, and never «flew in the whole course of, my life." , ?' Here Jan Sol. was called up, and testified positively to the winga and the flying. There was npw, great perplexity ip the council, when the keeper of tile windmill' demanded - to be heard.. He stated he íeme'irtherédvp&rfectly; well/that ou the' two »ighls referrtíd,to, he had set his mill going about the hon* in which Jan Sol, saw the" spectre whirl round arid fly from the wall. Therehad been a ¿aim for several day« previous1, 'find tim citizens Wan to be iq want of flour; He had; therefore iakeh advantage pf the rising of / the; wind at.the time, io' set his milt going. Ai little/ further ; inquiry, led .ttf the' . facV that thé . place where !the spectre scaled the wall, was ex- actly in a line with the. windmill, rand , and the spot where Jan had his watch; It waV thus* thát thb spectre; became identified with the wings «f the mill. - This exposition marvellously quieted- thö1 fears of the good people ; but thero were--'' a number of stern believers-'who ëtuehf^y itie little sentinel,'and continued to-be-* Heve iii the winged monster. Afc for/ poor Jan, he looked ten times/more'' foolish, than when be used to be caught Emptying thé.cahteens.of His comrades W c his sleep. ¡TbU elucidation examination-proceeded.. ? ??" < Did you 'know pf the law. making, it "< death for anyone to .enter or depart, from the city,;betweea sunset and sunrise, «ic--, cept through the gate ?' . : "'Iidid.'.' ¡ ? v j " ' What induced you to violate it ?' ! *" l8háiroPttéll.' '"' Was it plunder F" . "«î^mhb'lhtëf.* ». « « \^as it tréasou against the state ?'"'!" "'I ant up traitor.' - v .' "'Wasit mischiefPV , . * "'1ajn*ot a cljiild.*, . «" Was it to frighten the people V I am not a fool.' , , .-" * What hs your name ?.' . ;.? "' My name. :is of no consequence-a mart can bo hanged without a name.'' And this was all they could get out of him. ; Various cross question were put-» tboutrap him: He replied to them ail with perfect freedom and - promptitude, untü théjr came *>á his name, and his motives for in trading into the etty in violation of a law so severe that none as yetliàd ever bjeeh known I» transgress it. Then.a«(boforè, he declined answering.' 'V ' ?"Ini these.oarly days, tinder thp DatçK dynasty, trial by jury was not in fashiop, [People .were too busy to serve as jurymen, if they ., had - been . waoted; . and the decision of most cases was left either to .the burgomasters, or if of great conse- quence, to the governor and -council. Justice was severe and prompt. - The young man"was sentenced to bo -hanged that day week, and sent to thé fort for safe keeping till tho period arrived. " / " That diy the daughter of the governor did not appear to grace the table of his excellency-nor in the management of those little .household affairs that are not beneath the dignity of the daughters of kings. Site was ill with a headache, and kept her bed. The governor had no child but her, «nd though without any . great portion ef sensibility, wai capable of all the warin'h of parental affoction; Indeed all his .affections were centred in this little blooming offspring, who was the only beiug in all the new world that carried a drop of his blood coursing in her blue veins: He was also proud of her-so proud, that bis pride often got the better of his affection. He had sworn a thou- sand times that his Catalina should never marry anything below a Dutch baron. " "This awe on tho part of the young fellows of.-New Amsterdam, and this well known, determination of the governor, kept all admirers at ah awful distance from the young lady, who grew np to the age of eighteen, loving no one save her father; now that her mother was no more ; and an old black woman, who had taken care of her ever since she was a child. The throne of her innocent bosom had remained till then quite vacant, nor did she know for certain what it was that made her sometimes so weary of the world, and so tired of the length of the livelong sultry summer hours. \- " About this time the governor was called by important political business to the eastern frontier, and the journey was expected to take up several days. During . his absence, a party was formed to cross . Í the river, and spend the day in rambling v about the romantic solitudes of Weehawlc, then a sort of frontier between the white man and the Indian. Catalina was pres- sed to accompany them, and at last con- sented,, although against the will, .not only of the governor's deputy, but of the governor* himself, who would certainly ave forbidden it, had he been present ; bat he was a hundred miles off, and in the absence of the governor, there was nobody equal to the governor's daughter. " Catalina had separated from the others, and wandered almost unconscious ly half a mile from the landing place by herself. Perhaps, when she set out she expected some of the beaux to follow, but they stood in such awe of her, that no one had the, temerity to offer his attendance.. .Each hoing occupied with his own .pursuits and reflections, no one missed the young damsel foi- some time, until their attention was« roused by a shriek at- « distance in the wood. Af ter h. 'momentary pause,' the ^shrieks werbt1 repeated in quick succession,; anidK almost immediately succeeded by 'the"report of a gun. The little' group of young people was struck with [dismay, án<} the first impulse was to run to tfie boats, and escape iuto the 'stream. "' But ,'fp do $h?mjustice, this , was only a momentary seTfishpess, for -the montent they, missed. Catalina the young men pre-' pared to : pursue du the .direction of : the shrieks and-the gun.i AJb ¿hjs crisis, a 'figure darted swiftly from- the1 wood,? bearing the young lady insensible ia his; arms, and, approaching the'groUp, placed, her with; her head in the lap of one pf-the jgirlswhuVhe ran to the; ri^er*«nd re-: returned with some water ib bis/hat., '?'-' ; yOatallnW soon/caméto herself, André-; lated .that /she %d bèo^i ^y^ci iby ab, Indian and: rèsciiéd ' by ;tltó yóu¿¿ ¡púm,i who all-.the ypuug, damselsjpr^senfly dis-; covered,! was' very handsome. He "wore! the dress of a gentleman, w^iich, sooth to] say, would^ hot'cut'ranch1 of * figure just; now, He was accoutered ai a sportsman; and^ftd Ih hw bk'g' sufiifeieñt evidence of iris ^IrHl^; - lt was'dâcfâed on áT| h>o^s] ttôtt l^e'stianjçer, Javjing saved, the* O^t&jhia;,' br at Je*st~ rescued]/; her frpm^ capbv'ity, ,jw^ her future . hnsband, and-that }i0r time was. now come. , Öucli^prppb^aieß ' are wry s.pt te be.ful , filled; i: .The stranger announced himself as the eon ^ of the ancient and honourable . lord of Pavonia, and twas blushingly in- vited) by Gataliiia to corné 'over and ' receive the thanks of hör father; when he; ' should return ^rom-lhe eastern -frontier. :- But he oniy shook: bis 1iea^ !aud*repKed.: withs dubious smile-'Ate you teure 'I shall be w*\cötaeT \a' : ; \- ^'^rom this time Catalina became.'mêlé the governpr .returned and heprd thpMory , af^er^TfLyisig iutp-the wopds^he sword ¡sVe: wouJÄ: reward, the :gallant y^uog man Ukp a most liberal and puissant .governor.' ; Bat i. ; when, afterwards, . on ^inquiring : his jname,* he .found - that <ít was the .sonic of? the lorflt bf? ¿Fsvbaiej he .cetractad his \ promise, and eworp 4hs( the-soo waa no better thatfithe f athel * Wholfwas an arrant splntterkin; The/ 'had duawellod about the -boundaries ; htá f excellency' 'cWuiing-iihe whole1' 'b]f: thq river of ,the west. side, np "to. the .hi¿h ^?witer jtnark, while; the |brd bf/^ay'pniai I ^^^^t^tMté^:)¿r'^^^. deposite the \ ~c$y.f¡|i.^1f;'4^te^^^ttw».' the, .teni-, erity to set . nets and batch shad in the very middle of the stream. 'Rumour, however, says thát the "young man found, imeans <tp renewrhis acquain-i . taupe with Catalina, and that.though,she roikht ?&0vfir mention hw. «ame .jo her 'JWWfoiMJ^QMA '<4Mk¡m,,4^ and dreamed ^fiqqnt, wm ^Urnight; «After a ^.WMP« ^.Vjmpoñr-.diea..away, and" the people began to think and talk of some thing else. ^, Some. pf . ¡the young meu, however, whoTiappehed to see the culprit thatfliàa'dtód fe leap1 btfir'%\& wall sgaîàst 'Afc ' '*hp^|Jb;t, ne .had^a ^to^j^j^f^ ib'tW; ypnthff ho., had/ 'PifP'^'Í^W,l,*. we rendían.;, Tho youj^.lady, as X said before, continued iii V day, *md ^pç several days aftpr' the; cont dpuwatiou 'of;> the spectre youth, who Sersevered obstinately in.-asefusing any isciOBure of his name, or his motive for sealing the walls of New Amsterdam, lu the meantime .the period'of his exe- cution approached, pnly twp days .'of his klfow\r?^ne&,:-jbD -'}$m,/*^¿... Cajoling ! ^with an effort, detérmined to/hriug bec "'fate to a crisis.at .pncè, She^rôsé from her bei pale and- sdroftping Jikeft lily, And ; tottering to her father, s study, sank at hid feet. -* ? ' j " < Father,* «aid she, * «iii you forgive} hha,»ndnieP,t.,;j , u Vw.rj V.." T . J "ti&Qzgiv;* thee jnyídang/hterííf I have; nothing lo forgive; so. that is settled-Aat «ho I*«%0:«tfai3-F'' : .'. ¡ - f i ? vt "SJA^Irasband.' ;?:?.?<: ?:.; . *M Thy; husband .'' exclaimed -"the puis san governor, starting np in dismay? 'and ^hWlshef^ i-M -5 >^r¡ . ,M^éybütfo~*who is sentenced to" die, "the dayifw'th'è morrow?; ***km 1ftiv ls bi^' tho fl- ? >1 name-I hud almost' said,'' exclaimed his. feOxceUenoyiu wrathfulramswmeati1, ^ f « . <. ' He,is the son of the lord-of^avoniai * replied ashe,. hiding her face: with her liantes :- .'' - ?" ?' "V *';?' . f « Amd ttiou art ^married to that splat » ^«*!l^.«BbjBr.»'.^-----;' ..r-ü'-'-Ä. -w f«=*Theh i;shall take care to:ñhmarry 1 the-thelcubtthë 'patton tie^' theihang b man sh^Uuunb ,tke day* after the mtörbw» 5qr I ani'nö governor.Bat whoi ' dared to Quarry tteè against my irMf' ' ,/ ¿ J\ ©mmhie .gnrj^ius. I[ . ; ' V . >'/^oiä-^|!ien^e Dpm]nieHßhall hang by-^'Ái^i^^-s^^iñ^rr-^ to.tby chamber, ito thy bad, to thy grave, thoa .rt nd daughter>of mine.' ' : , ' " Poor, Catalina crawled to her bed, and wept herself intoá temporary forget- fulness. The next day she was so much worse that the old nurse declared she would die before her husband. The; governor kept up a good countenance, ut his heart waa sorely beset by pity and forgiveness, which both clung weeping about him. He went so far as to sound some of the council about pardoning the I young man ; but one of them who was; suspected of looking up to the fair; Catalina, talked so eloquently about the safety of the city and the public good,' that he was fain to hold his tongue, and; shut himself up, for he could not bear to see bis daughter. "At length the day arrived big with the fal» qf poor Catalina and lier un- happy husband. She'sent to her father -for permission to see him before he died, 'bnt the governor after a ? sore struggle, ' denied her "request. ?'? '*. Then, indeed, he is no longer father; cried Catalina, arid sinking upon her bed; covered tier head as if to' shut put the wcirld. ' Presently the bell tolled the hour pt* the /sacrifice, and its hollow, vibration, ^penetrated | the ears of the mourning! fwife.. In spite pf. her weakness and thpi .endeavour pf the pjd nnrse, she ^tarted >«p, and rushing towards, the door of ^her chamber, exclaimed wildly, 'I .willi ?see him~rrl will > go and see him ? die.'j 'But: her. strength failed :her,-iand«-«he' «sank on the floor. In the meantime-a scene peculiarly interesting' tP the - for- tunes of Oatalina, was passing below. The. .proud . obdurate,, rich; old lord of .JPavonia, had heard -of the capture-the condemnation bf his only son. For awhile' his pride and hatred of the governor of New Amsterdam almost, choked ' the thought of entreaty of concession to his. ancient " enemy. Hut "as thé time "ap- proached, and he heard of the, situation Pf his son,. and of his unfortunate ' wife; -who had never offended him, his'heart gradually relented. When the'morping arrived, and he looked ,across the smooth' river, fjrpm the long, porch fronting ,his; ^stately ?mansion,, towards .the .spot where ijius son was about to suffer ignominious,' death, he could restrain his- feelings uo -longer. ?? ¡ 1 "Calling for his. boatmen and his barges and hastily puttiug on his' cocked, hat and sword, he embarked, crossed swiftly ; over the river, and landing, pro. Reeded'directly to the big house. He de- manded the audience of'the"gPvérnbr. ' ' " ' The old splutterkin is here too--bnt let him come in, that 1 may be .satisfied that tHè old dog is ashusérabWas myself,] said the governor, with tears in his, .pyes] ; "The lord pf Pavonia entered with ^ stately bow, which, ^yas re|arnpd.¿p..fisi statelya manner cy the governor, -., :'<."?'I come,' .said Pavonia, <Icome,'-' and his voice became choked, ' to ask the ; life of my son at your hafads." j ?, "'Thy son has broken the lawB, and the laws have condemned him to death j justly.* '"''?! ? *" I know it,' said the other ; . but what1 if I pay the price of his ransom P' ' ' " v /"lam no money higgler.' . : j " " ' But îf I surrender the right of tfie j river, to high-watér márkf' " * What Î' said ids excellency,¡pricking j up his ears, ' wilt .thou P And the sharp ! fishery, and the diabolical gill nets?' ? I " Yea-all-all !' said the other, .' to save the life of my only son.' ? '." WiJtlhousign, seal and deliver P" : ."''This instant--so I receive back my boy alive.' - \- ?** ' Stay then a moment.' " The ^governor then hastily directed his bell-ringer. to call the council to- gether,' and laid the proposition before them. The concession was irresistible, 'and the'counsel; decided to pardon thé son, on condition that the father executed the deed of relinquishment. ' He did so, and the ¡young man wai forthwith set at i Jiberty. ; It is time for me to retire," said our. good, grandfather, "so I must cut j short my story. The meeting of: the husband and his faithful wife took place j without witnesses, and none was operable j to describe it. Catalina speedily recover- ' .ed, and lived to see her -children's chil- dren playabout tho room by dozens* The-Lord bf Pavonia and the governor j of New Amsterdam continued a sort "ot grumbling acquaintance, and dined to- i g&her;_bn(;e' a yeaí): When they always j quarrelled about'the fishery and high "water mark. 