THB GENERAL'S ADDRESSES. Speaking at the BiliibiUon on Saturday night, General Booth said : -Brother officers, comrades, Christian friend*, and frirada of all descriptioDB, for tome friends it would be very difficult for me to describe at all. To-night has proved to me, if I had not been aware of the fact before, that tbe Salvation Army has friends who are mt actively enlisted in its ranks. For it is thus that I have interpreted the red-pUon given to me from tbe moment 1 s'ocd upon the shores of Tasmania to the present time. The great welcome given to me I take as a wtlcjme to the galv.itfon Army, -an-1 it proves to me that in this city there are a large number of friends outaide .ht barOeie of the army, and that tLese numbers will be lncnwed ae time rolls on. It will be bettar, perhaps, if 1 make Borne sort of ex planation as to why I am here. 1 have come out from the old country to further the great movement we all have at heart, to advance that great scheme in the interests of the messes of which you hav-* all heard. A great social scheme had been launched in Itngland, and if it could be carried to a succrssful issue it would be a far greater bleEStng to the human race than anyone dreamt of. I have beea termed nn enthusi astic dreamer by many people, and perhaps I am, but 1 am dreaming for tbe welfare and succor of humanity. When I was leaving England people had said, 'The General has got the mone.- and is off to Australia. * I was certainly tiff to Australia, and I have come b»re, but 1 have left the money behind. People have aektd me how it was that I could leave England when the great social scheme required my pre ' eence to mould It into shape, and so much depended upon direction. 1 reply that I have started it in its hnmanisinc form. which would set it going. On tbe very steamer that brought me here, acd which carried such a load of red-hot Salvationists as had never boen launched b»(ore in any Noah's ark, 1 was handed a cablegram which told me that the city colonies were prospering, and being worked at a lover rate of expenditure than had been expected, and the farm coloniw were prospering beyond expectation. If time were not eo far advanced I would like to have ex plained the beginnings of the Salvation social scheme. That was not possible jra', at the moment, but I may tell you that the scheme is launched, and that I have left the direction of it in tbe hands of capable men and women The scheme had had many bitter opponents, but need I remind you of the enemies the army hu bod and I have had t Many people could tee nothing in the Salvation Arm; but its General and a lot of vulgar people, but. those were people who looked at it from too great a distance If they came close enough they would see that tha army was not onlypowertul in wora-ing gooa, nut in inspiring Christian feeling. And now I will tell you what I have come here for. It required considerable effort for me to get away, but I ha-l pro mised to come. I had been expected for a considerable time, and I am here I think it is only right that you should see your general. I have come to share in your work, to help you in your schemes, to make better use of you. To Btir you up to etill greater efforts for the salvation of souls. That is what I have come for, and may God bless you all. I have come prin cipally to see my own people. I lova everybody, but I admit I love my own people best. 1 love Australians, and God please that they may have open hearts and pockets. (Laughter.) I love poor sincere, but again let me say I have be.n preaching salvation tor 46 years, and I lov» my owu people best. About my people I am aware (here is considerable difference of opinion. Many people thought they were a ques tionable lot, and others r«garded Lhem as a get of fanatics. 1 do not understand that, because I understand fanatics to be people who profess to have some revelations frum Jehovah that do not Kjuare with the word of God. I will not pay much attention to that. Holy men of old received inspira tion from the divine spirit, and were moved to a right life and to act in accord ance with the teachings of Christ, and 1 believe that spirit has come down to us, and *wiiwntnB holy men of modern timts (Loud cheers ) Two thousand years ago the Pentecost had fallen upon tha world, and I believe that it cm fall upon the people of Ualuoume to-day May God baptise you. I say to all who are lisuiiing to me that the only failh f&ey; c raid act upon was that contained in the Book of revealed religion. If the teachings of any one did not square with that they must go by th* board. Perish all regulations that did not square with those recorded in the Holy Book. leay to you, yon ore rsqnirnd to live holy lives, and whilst you are doing that I want to eee you turn the world up side down, for assuredly the world is wrong side np at present. H you want to drive sin away yon must work, sing, and pray. Ton must live under the shadow of the Hoi; Ghost, so that men should say they talked about things they did not under stand. It had often been charged against the army, that they wen enthusiasts, as if that were a crime. They were enthusiastic in pulling men and women out of sin and making thim true and noble, and after the liknees of Jesus Christ, flier were enthu siastic, and they needed to be — there were plenty of ietbergs to keep people cool. When I bear my people called enthusiasts I welcome it. When I hear them called fools I know that those who call thorn so are mostly foolish themselves I have heard us called disturber* of the peace. I must admit that the charge is true. Wu disturb false peace. Why should men and women live in false eecuriiyP Why should not the dangers before them be brought under their eyes. Why ohonld women live lives of shame ; why Should babes be brought into the world to die* why ehjuld sin and misery and -srlrikedneEa prevail, and the ayes of their fellow men not be opened f The Salvation Army bos been made the target to say a great many hard things about. False nations nave been put about. Why were the objects of the army misunderstood, and blot ideas circulated by the Press I do not say the Australian, of course— and plat fcmnf It was because people did not know |ib* troth. People who run thtm dawn could not get close enough to see the good work of the -rmy. fhe position of these people reminds me of a story I beard some time ago of a minister, lie wondered on to one of the Westmoreland moors and got caught 'In a mist. As he looked through the mist he tow what appeared to Mm to be a ghost, end he had thoughts of running away. Be looked a little longer, however, 1 end decided to go close to the apparition. i Y, hen he got mar be found that It was his own brother. It was the same with the Salvation Army. People looked at it tnrougu a muL rcup.o «w* k''' d' ™ I'1 to tsy that they we;e aevils, baitttbjiy aame dose they would find that they were brothers and el»tsrs. If they came still closer they would kiss them and Rive them a £6 note. (Lo-id laughter.) When people came to know the Salvation Army, people who lortd J«sus, and wauted htm to love them, tht-y would help it with all their might, although some p«opl« thtught tb.ey were devils, others thought they were angtls. Both were wrong, and, as usual, the truth lay SL-mewhere between. I admit that there are black sheep amongst us, bat in what body are there not renegades and tiaitcn ? Again I say to you tbr-t I have come to see you and your work, and to there it. 1 have had descriptions, but there is nothing like looking !or yourself. I say to Salvationist officers, 'Touhaveto ecve ttonlr-, and get them converted.' 1 want vnu to understand thai thai is the business of your liveB, that that is what you are bom for. These were tbe instructions that wen given to he tmests, who were like the officers of the French Revolution. If they were not Buc&Siful; they were guillo tined. I hope I shall not have to gdiUotine anyone. (Laughter) If they could not catch big flah they must catch little fish, and if they could not catch little fish let them get sharks (Lav ghter). Bj and bye I fhall begio to understand Australians. I begin to a little already. I will remind you t-nce again that i have come to see you, and hilp you 1 bave come so that vou may tat yuux Gtneral, and your chil dren may see me. I have come so that we may all ] in hearts and hands, and help in the work of receiving fatlen man. (Eoud applause ) Yeettrday, amid scenes oF tbe wildest excitement and bnthubiatm. General Booth lviivered tbreu addresses of a directly re igijue character. Th* text chottn for tha morning service was John. 1st epistle, cbapwr iii., ' Behold what Imanner of love the Father hath be itoiced iu ui,' end following verses. In ±« afternoon Mr Booth's address was taken from the first epistle of St. Peter, lit shapter, ' Peter to the Btrongers about Pontas, Gelatia, Cappadocia, Btthynle,' ate, which the General said meant ateo Australia and anywhere else, especially the people of Melbourne. The General at the evening service delivered an address, in «hich he exhorted the congregation to salvation thr ugh the story of Lot's flight out of the evil ciiiee of tbe Plain 