THE MYSTERY OF AN OPAL RING. ANEW YEARS EVE GHOST STORY. WAS NEW YEAR'S EVF., and we were sitting round the smokingroom fire at 11 Hall, and when the hands of the clock showed us that a brief half-hour was all that was left of the Old Year, there came a pause, everyone preferring his own thoughts to conversation. Nol everyone, though, for Charlie Selwyn sat for five minutes with a very depressed countenance, and then burst forth with : — 4 1 wish some of you fellows would talk, and not sit staring into the fire like a set of corpses. If I put out the lights perhaps this would'nt be a bad time for a ghost talk,' and suiting the action lo the words, he jumped up and extinguished all the candles, and then went on : 4 I'm sure some of you are thinking about them now, especially Gordon, who might have lived among them a!l his life by the look of his face ; and, besides, he has on that horrid opal ring, which I hate, and which is glittering now as if it sheltered within it a devil or a ghost' 4 Would you like to hear its story ?' said Clifford Cordon, looking up with a faint smile ; 4 it includes a ghost, so perhaps it i won't be too tame even for (:harhe.' 4 Let's light some brandy and make a green light, said Selwyn, ' I'm sure it would add greatly to the effect.' " No, no, Selwyn,' put in Captain Russell, 4 1 think we can dispense with the brandy, and I'm sure Gordon's story will be ghastly enough without that.' 4 Well, then, begin" answered Charlie, and if you don't make everyone's flesh creep, I'll tell you a ghost tale myself afterwards, and then I shall insist on having the green I light.' | 4 1 daresay you know,' began Gordon, j 4 that I am a relation of Sir Gordon, at least our fathers were cousins, but he has always ' been much more like a brother to me.' 4 Never heard of it before,' put in Charlie. 1 4 It has sent you up ever so much in my estimation, now, to think that yon are third cousin and like a brother to a Sir, and I should'nt mind lending you five pounds any day ; that is to say if I'd got it.' 4 Selwyn," said Major Roberts, 4 if you in- terrupt any more, I shall be compelled to put ! you out of the room,—which had the effect 1 of silencing Charlie, and Gordon went on— 4 George Gordon has always been exceedingly kind to me, and up to this time I have always spent Christmas with him, but that is all over now and he is living in England. , 4 You don't mean 10 say you've quarreled with him, have you ?' said Selwyn. * I'd never quarrel with my third cousin if he were ; a Sir, and if you have done such a foolish thing as that you will go down in my estima 1 lion directly.' The Major held up a warning finger and Charlie let Gordon continue. ' Last (;hristmas I visited 44 The Elms" for ihe first time, my cousin having always spent his Christmas up till then at his city villa, and as this was his first Christmas there, he • had an immense houseful of guests. When ! I arrived, his sister < 'larice- for I forgot to say thai George is a bachelor—met me in the • hall and with an anxious countenance told me that as all the other rooms were full, I and a few others would have to sleep in the noilh wing.' ' But as there will be several of you, I daresay you will not be afraid,' she said, and I assured her thai I had not the least objection to the north wing, and lhat in • lact that I preferred it—which sent her off to : greet some fresh arrivals looking a good deal eased. 4 An old man servant showed me upstairs, and after traversing about a good many staircases and passages we arrived at the north ; wing, which was, as I knew before, nothing more nor less than the original building, and said to be very old. This anyone would readily believe who saw the massive beams and queerly-carved panels, the figures on : . which were supposed to represent angels or ; dogs, but I don't know which, although I 1 have been told, for no one could readily make ! out a likeness to either. 4 Why don't people like sleeping in these rooms, Thomas ? ' I asked. It seems to be the most comfortable place I've ever seen.' 4 Well sir,' answered Thomas, 4 1 don't I think there is much against the room except that poor Lady Dorothy was kept here, but I'm sure I don't know anything about Lady Dorothy except that she was mad, and she escaped and got drowned in the river; but , shall I send someone to unpack for you, sir ? 1 As you see, I'm obliged to put every gentlean into his room is those other servants haven't lived here long and don't understand the ways of the house.' And with this he ief*. me, but relumed again about half-an-hour before dinner, and it was a very good thing he did, for I had found the sofa so comfortable that I was fast asleep and Thomas had some difficulty in arousing me. 4 For the next fortnight we were very.hard worked, for it is no easy task keeping thirty people amused in the heat of ihe country at such a time, but luckily the cool southerly wind held out till nearly everyone was gone, so that with lawn- tennis and cricketing in the morning, and concerts and theatricals in the evening, 1 think we managed to keep things lively. 1 At the end of the fortnight, when everyone except myself and a few other relations had gone away, ('larice asked me if 1 wouid care lo change my room, but I told her that I very preferred my own and would rathe; stay there, whereupon she said she would be very glad if 1 had sent away the ghosts and made the rooms habitable again. 4 for,' she continued, 4 the servants all say if anyone slept there fourteen nights running the ghosts would never come back again.' 'Well,' I answered, 4 I've slept thirteen nights and I intend to sleep there the fourteenth, so it is a bad look out for the ghosts.' That was New Year's Eve, and it was i very"much such weather as this, except lhat a strong soulh e rly wind blew all day. ' \\\' e were were all rather dull that evening, and Clarice ended off with hysterics, which did not surpiise us much after all the fatigues , Gf the last fortnight; so at eleven o'clock we separated and went to our own rooms, and for lhe fi vst t j mc 1 thought mine rather 1 ghostly, so I made up a fire and settled my- ; sejf on th e old-fashioned sofa beside it, not ; f ee ling very much inclined for the funereal bedstead, and began to read, But somehow j or other the book did not seem to interest ' me much, and after a while I gradually fell into a half slumber which must have lasted • quite two hours, as, when I woke, one candle 1 alone was flickering in its socket and the only light came from the fire, which, although it was very low, I did not feel inclined to dis- : turb myself to make up, especially as I had \ that peculiar feeling that someone else was in ! the room. Accordingly I determined to let it go out and try and go to sleep. But it was ' no good ; try as much as I would I could 1 not help keeping awake and as the room was ' by this time almost in darkness, I seized the poker and knocked the fire together, and at last succeeded in getting a small blaze. 4 When I looked up I was astonished lo see a figure in the room. After a while it turned and came nearer the fire. As il approached me I saw that it was a lady dressed in an old fashioned costume, and having on her hand this ring, which sparkled and sent forth bright red rays all over the room. Presently she came came quite close to me, and among other things which I must not reveal she implored me to wear this ring as long as I lived, 4 1'or unless someone will put this ring on his finger, never to take it off in his life, I shall have 110 rest. I will come and claim it at your death,' she said. 4 1 took lhe ring and promised, whereupon she disappeared through one of the panels, and I remembered no more until 1 woke in broad daylight, when I found old Thomas standing beside me and looking dreadfully pale and frightend, but he seemed greatly relieved upon my assuring him that I was all right, so I sent him to fetch George, and when he came I told him everything. When I pointed out the panel through which the lady had vanished, he crossed the room and to our surprised it opened readily when he touched it, and revealed a small recess m which lay an old brocaded dress and a pair of satin slippers which I instantly recognised as those the lady had worn. 4 But what about the ring, Clifford ?' he asked, and I held out my hand and showed him, but the opal was now as pale and lustreless, as a piece of cornelian. 'George turned pale. 4 She always appears before a death," he muttered, and then left the room, asking me to join him in the picture gallery as soon as I was dressed. In a few minutes I went and found him stand ing before a small portrait, which I at once recognised as my visitor of the night before, and on her finger gleamed the opal ring. 4 4 1 may as well tell you all I know about her," said George. 4 She was the wife of some relative of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement ring. One winter a traveller came and asked for their hospitality las his horse could go no further. He turned out to be a painter, and Lady Dorothy insisted on his painting this portrait of her, which he did, and in the meantime gained her affections to such a degree that a quarrel became lhe result, and her husband received severe injuries and died. What happened to the painier no one ever knew, b:ii poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in your room in lhe north wing, from which she escaped one New Year's Eve, and drowned herself in the river.' ' At this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming : 4 Miss Ciarice! poor Miss (.'larice ' I knew something would happen," and half dragged us off 10 Clarice's room, wheie we found my poor cousin quite devoid of reason. ' ' I saw her, 1 saw her,' she kept repeating, ' she cj'ue through there, and 1 saw her." ' Inexpressibly shocked I hurried from the room and Sent lor a doctor. But it was no use. l'oor Clarice never recovered her reason, and a month aftei wards 1 heard of her death. ' When we examined the recess in my room, we found a secret staircase and door into Clarice's room, and on one of these stairs an old cambric handkerchief and a shawl, which, it is supposed, Lady Dorothy dropped in her hasty flight. 'George shut up the house and has lived in New Zealand ever since. I am told he looks quite an old man and has white hair, but I have never seen him since that terrible day.' When Gordon finished a deep silence prevailed, and it was nol broken till we heard the church belis ringing in the New Year. We all crowded round the open window, and there were many shaking of hands and good wishes exchanged by all of us except Gordon, who had slipped out, unperceived in the general movement. 4 Funny thing,' mused Charlie ; 4 1 wonder if it's true ; must be, though, since he's got the ring. 1 always knew there was something connected with that opal; it glitters so much, and to-night it was quite red.' We separated soon after this, and when my man called me in the morning, he brought .t few lines hastily pencilled from Gordon, telling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would I explain matters to our host • * • * * * * * Ten years is a long space of time, but for ;o long I had neither heard nor seen anyhir.g of Gordon. I had left the Permanent Vrtillery in which Charlie Selwyn was now najor, and settled down in a very comfortible place that an uncle had opportunely left ne ; and I had just invited a lot of people or a Christmas and New Year's visit when ioine not very pleasant business obliged me ro countermand all my invitations and go to Yictoria. The tiains seem to think that welve miles an hour a teriffic speed, and the lotels, that in winter are always lively, are juile the reverse in summer. I had finished everything, and was hoping :o get home in time to see the New Year in ; but I was doomed to disappointment, and after the trains had been gelling slower and slower, on New Y'eai's Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter came ind politely toid me 1 must get out, as the '.rain did not intend fo go any further ' But where the deuce is this,' I asked, ooking about me in despair and seeing nothng but the Murray River and a few houses in its banks, which at this point are most ineresting. 1 soon learned it was Albury, and that the >nly place at which I should be likely to get ooms was the Imperial Hotel, which the jorter kindly offered to show me. Could I have rooms? Yes, certainly have • ooms and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, showing me into a private sitting room. And should they take hot water uptairs, and what should I like for dinner ? This sounded comforting, and it proved •o too, for after having had a bath and an exellent dinner, I felt better than I had done since I left Sydney. I was not long alone. The proprietor evidently thought he might as well come and converse with me, and he likewise gave me ills views on the politics of the day. 4 How many visitors have you ? ' I asked. 'Only a German lady Jand her daughter •vho occupy a sitting-room upstairs,' he mswered, 4 but if you wish sir, I will ask hem come and talk.' ' Not at all thank you,' I answered hastily, he idea of having to converse with two Gernan ladies being too much for me. • But 1 nsant gentlemen, you have no one else here I suppose ?' The landlord's face grew grave. 4 Yes, we nave one gentleman here,' he said, but he will oe gone be ore the morning.' 4 How do you mean ?' I asked ; where is he gc>ing to ? ' 4 Home,' he answered simply. He is dying ; peihaps you would like to see him ?' I did not much like the thought, but it seemed to be such an awful thing to die, away from everyone in a strange place, with no friends to say good-bye to, so I consented, and the landlord took me upstairs and showed me into a room, where round a bed stood a doctor and two nurses, watching their patient, for there was nothing else now to do. I went softly up to the bed and looked at the dying man, whose face was in the shadow, but one of whose hands lay upon the counterpane. On it glittered an opal ring. 4 Anderson," said a voice, and as he raised his head I recognised Clifton Gordon. ' Ask them to leave us for a few minutes,' he said. 4 They can do no good now.' I turned to the landlord and told him that this was an old friend of mine, and that he v.*isiied to speak to me alone, whereupon he bundled the doctor and the others out of the room and left us. 4 Anderson,' Gordon began, ' do you remember this time ten years ago and my telling you about Lady Dorothy? Well I have seen her again; she came last night, and I think she will come again for the ring.' 4 1 hope not,' I answered gently, although even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. 4 1 did not tell you all,' he said; ' only a little. I have always been afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarice, but I am not afraid now. Are those the bells ringing in the New Year ? Will you open the window a little, I should like to hear them for the last time. Do you think you could raise nie slightly?' I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. We remained silent for some while, and then Gordon said :— 4 The New Year has come now, has it not And I^ady Dorothy—He stopped, turned pale, and closed his eyes. I seized hold of the bell-pull, but it would not act When I looked at his hand the ring was gone. He W4s dead! " T H E ELMS"—NORTH WING. 