WILLIAM STOWS GOSSIP. DY LADY TEAZLE. The influenza is no respecter of per sons ; during the •week it has carried off the infant Olsen, Newport, which won the prize at the baby show, and Lieutenant Ulbrich, who was just on the threshold of a promising military career. The Argus, setting aside its usual gravity, this week referred to a Williams town auctioneeringfirm, which one by one had to abandon duty, until the management of the entire concern devolved upon the bill-poster, who aloneescaped prostration by the malady. That such a weighty matter should be left to the distributor of paste shows the democratic character of the firm of Messrs. Clark and Smith, who open up the highest positions in their gift to their employes one and all; and it is something to the credit of the bill poster that he manfully rose to the occasion. It is a wonder your audacious con tributor on Local Government in 1857 has not been dealt with by some in furiated subscriber for his unsparing reference to local celebrities of the early days, some of whom are yet living. Perhaps they thought the whole thing too ridiculous. The idea of a paid Council was sufficiently absurd, but the brochure further recom mended that they be paid weekly in advance ; that the amount be fixed by the recipients themselves beyond the power of appeal; that meetings be held four times a week (Sundays in cluded), with refreshments on a liberal scale at the expense of the ratepayers : and that the business of this august body be to levy the lowest possible rate and borrow the highest possible amount, and to let contracts to them selves alone, !i with a view to the sup pression of jobbery.’ The Premier was plain and homely in his remarks at the Sailors1 Best Piazaar on Monday evening, but the impression'he made was favorable none the less. He had come all the way from Narbethong (but as the ghost of William Colston, the murderer, had not repeated the theft affected by that person when in the flesh, he was able to bring his purse with him), and Mr Munro patronised the stalls freely. He was very much taken up with a painting of our Back Beach by Captain Press, and a bystander, in order to make him still more interested in the scene, reminded him it was the spot recommended by ever so many influ ential residents as a site for an Esplanade pier to be constructed by the Government. Mr Munro smiled. 