A LADY AND HER LOVE LETTERS. Before Mr. Justice North lately, Mr. Magsett moved in an action, in which the names were not mentioned, for an in junction to restrain the defendant from publishing letters written to him by the plaintiff, who is a yonng lady. Counsel said that it was a case where the lady had been engaged to the defendant, but- the engagement had been broken off. She defendant being entitled to the letters written to him, the plakitiff bad grounds for believing that tlw defendant would publish the lettereu"'*rhe young lady was 21 years of age, and the gentleman be tween 50 aBd 60. TbB plaintiff was at present residing in London with her, parents. Mr. Smith, for the defendant, said that the defendant had never threatened to publish the letters. Mr. Justice North asked him whether he would give an undertaking. Counsel, having consulted with his client, agreed to give an undertaking. Thuggee in Wfaitechapel.—When upper crust society was fluttered by the Scandal of Tanby Croft, another murder, oh Feb. 13, once more railed attention to the con ditions of life in the East of London. It was known six months ago that the wo man in question was marked for destruc tion. The gang of Thugs who ply their trade in Whitechapel have, still another victim to make away with i before their tale is complete. Such, at' least, is the statement of .those who six months ago declared that " Garrotty Nell" was doomed to die; and as they were right in her case, it is probably they may be -right in the other. Thuggee is a form of crime fami liar enough in India. It is Bomewhait | startling to find that in the capital of the I world, under the very eyes of the ubiquit ous police and the still more ubiquitous j reporter, it is enabled to preserve as im penetrable a secrecy as if it were in the midst of an Indian jungle. At Marlborough-street Police Court, London, Edward Pinter was diarged, on remand, with attempting to obtain £40,000 from Mr. Edward Streeter, jeweller, of Bond-street, by pretending to increase the weight of gold. ' Mr. Avory, who ap peared for the prosecution, said the pri soner actually succeeded some , years ago in obtaining £500 by . a similar trick at Liverpool. His method was to soak the | money in a solution for -eighteen .days, j then with certain chemicals to create such an abominable stench that everybody in1 the room had to leave. The accused, who seemed to be inured to it, remained, and decamped with all the sovereigns. Mr. Streeter gave evidence that Count Kear ney, on prisoner's-behalf,'had stipulated that whoever agreed to associate himself with the prisoner in his enterprise should undertake to discontinue making gold after a profit of twenty millions had been made. That would take eighteen months Mr, Abrahams (prisoner's coupse!): A very reasonable time to makeljt ita. Mr. Avory: Yes : he evidently did not wish to depfociate the value of the ^currency. The prisoner was again remanded for a \- V The Bishop's Ghost.—A tale of the late Bishop Wilberforce. So many tales of him have been current, but I do not be lieve that ibis bas ever before gone abroad. In early days he had a close friend, a school chum, a college companion; but about the time young Wilberforce took orders, these two bad a bitter and hope less falling oat. They never got over the disunion, and fell utterly apart. The chum beeame an extensive landowner,, and was master of a charming house in the south of Eugland. Time pasBed on,. and he grew elderly. He thought of making his wfll.1; Being a great man, not I only his solicitor, but the solicitor's son, arrived on the scene for the event. 'All three gentlemen were in the library, a long room,, with many windows running down almost to the ground. Suddenly the yonng man present saw a gentleman go by the first of these windows. The elder lawyer raised his head as the figure went by the second opening. Last of all1 the master of the house looked up.. " Why, that is Wilberforce," he ex- i claimed. " How many years it is since we fell out, and I dared him ever again to seek me out." So saying, , he ran to the hall door to welcome his gnest, to wards whom no bitter feeling now re mained in his mind. . Strange to say, the Bishop was not at'the door, nor could he be found within the grounds. At the moment of fiis appearance be had fallen from his horse in thia neighbourhood and had been instantly killed .—The Argosy. Russia puts inthe military claim for her army that she possesses the oldest soldier in the world. This gentleman is a Colonel Gritzenko, living at Pottawar near Odessa, who on 7th Febroary cele brated his 117th birthday. Entering the service in 1719, thus over 100 years ago, he received from the hands of the Em press Catherine, after the taking of Is mail, where he was serving under the command of the great Souwaroff, the military gold medal, which the old man shows with natural and pardonable pride. This medal bears the inscription: " For exceptional bravery at the assault of Is mail. December 11th, 1789." To those who are employed and busy, time flies with great rapidity. Life is tediouB only to the idle. ..Nothing is more monotonous than the ticking of thB clock to him who has nothing to do bnt to listen to it. Trnth is the foundation of all knowledge and the cement of all societies. 