ELDER EXPLORING EXPEDITION. INTERVIEW WITH MR. GWYNNE. On Thursday Mr. Aubrey Percival Gwynne, one of the late members of Mr David Lind say's party, returned to Adelaide by the steamer Bullara, from Albany, with specimens. In conversation with a member of our staff Mr. Gwynne said—" I arrived at Albany on Friday from Esperance Bay by the schooner Agnes, in company with Hadji, the late jemadar. I have brought a quantity of botanical and zoological specimens, including live lizards, which last are for the Zoological Gardens. I shall be glad when the poor reptiles are taken there, because they have been two months without food. There are also geological specimens. There is also a case of botanical speoimens I collected myself in my 100 miles' walk between Fraser Range and Esperance Bay." After re ferring to the death of poor Bowden at Warrina, who, he said, was delirious when he died, and who was a splen did fellow, of fine physique, he said they were first met with floods, which made it terrible work for the camels, as they slipped about on the wet ground as if it were ice. Asked about the behaviour of the Afghans, Mr. Gwynne said, " I would rather leave that for Mr. Lindsay to report upon." From the time of our arrival at Fraser Range we were upon two quarts of water per day, and lived upon jerked beef, which was very salt. We walked five or six hours a day to save the camels to the utmost, and it was very fatiguing on account of the weather and country. In the desert itself there is no animal life whatever, and with the exception of the black spinifex beetle no insects. It is a dismal solitude—no blacks, no emus, kangaroos, or any living thing. The blacks on the borders of the desert are a miserable, emaciated, dwarfed race. I have seen women amongst them so thin that their legs were not much thicker than my index finger—mere bone. There were very few children. About the borders of the desert the blacks are very small, the average height not being more that 5 feet 3 inches. That is the height of a full-sized man amongst them. When we got into better country , wo found finer specimens, some of the blacks being of really fine physique, and they improved in appearance as we went on. They differ very much in the various districts. Their weapons consist of spears, the dowak, a stick pointed at both ends and which they throw with marvellous precision. Only about the Fraser Ranges did we see boomerangs in the possession of the natives. They have a curious instrument, consisting of a flat stick with a bole in it, to whioh they attach a string and whirl round, similar to what the boys here call a bullroarer. This is used as a signal to women not to approach when boys are being made young men, and it is certain death for a woman to disobey, She is speared at once. The whole of the aboriginals were perfectly nude. In the Fraser Range district we saw in their possession " yabber sticks" used for carrying messages. The marks on these stioks are burnt in with hot flints, and the designs are very artistic. The sticks were sometimes carried through the septum of the nose or behind the ear. There was a very great paucity of natives in the country we passed through. We did all we could to get them to converse, but they were terribly afraid of the camels; indeed I never saw terror so strongly depicted on the human countenance before as I did when the natives first caught sight of these animals' They did not seem afraid of us, but even fol lowed us for days and camped near. We tried to get the natives to communicate with us, and made smokes in answer to theirs, but without much result. The aborigines appeared in telligent, and one curious thing which I have never noticed before was that they had words to indicate the cardinal points of the compass. We carefully tested them in this bv pointing in a different direction and using one of the terms, whereupon they would repeat the word and point in the right direction. We tried with other tribes further on with the same result, so there is no doubt about it. We tested by the compass, and satisfied our selves. With the wild blacks, known as Bar diks, we found that on the death of any of them they cut off some of the flesh, and each member of the family had to eat a portion raw. It seemed to be some religious ceremony. Their language differs from those in other parts of the colony, but there is a general resem blance Their word for water is " carpi," and they also use the word "gabbee,'' while others say "coota." Some use the word "mulga" to signify water, and I suppose it means the ] water from the roots of the mulga-tree. In reply to a question as to how he became severed from the party, Mr. Gwynne said— "I suffered from exhaustion and dysentery owing to want of water. I was the only one of the party taken bad. We had hard white frosts for a month or six weeks after the start. The mornings were clear and beautiful, and that is why we started at 3 a.m. most of the time. We came across country with magnifi cent giant gums after leaving Victoria Springs. Between the Springs and Fraser Range there were giant gums, yellow mallee, and the gimlet mallee, which Mr. Lindsay called the fluted mallee. I have brought back twelve cases of specimens, in cluding two tins of live lizards known as mountain devils. These are similar to the Moloch Horridias. There are also a few jew lizards and iguanas and some snakes, the deadly mulga snake, which is about the size of a cedar pencil and a foot long. I also have a bundle of weapons such as spears and womeras." In a private letter received on Wednesday from one of the members of the Elder Explor ing Party, and dated from Fnaser Range, • Western Australia, October 13, some interest ing information is given. We are permitted j to make the following extracts:—" Our trip so far, if somewhat slow, has been very successful j in many ways, and I trust with the approval of our friends. True, we have made no very I important geographical discoveries, but then we had to take the country as we found it, I and make the best of things. The ready] way in which the scientific men adapted themselves to the ups and downs of our some-' what rough bush living has been a matter of surprise. In fact, they were able after a week or so to knock about just like old hands. Could some of their friends only see them sitting round the oamp fire they would never recognise them—tanned faces, rough beards and rough, torn, and patched olothes. They have proved by their cheerful and un complaining manner in trying times, by their willing obedience to strict orders, and by their working with might and main to help and assist the expedition in every way, that they are men in the truest and highest sense of the word. A great damper was thrown over tho whole party by the very sudden death of poor Bowden. He was a splendid man with camels, very bnudy in camp, and generally what is known as a iiistrate bushman. Kound the camp fire he was always jolly, and had a great fund of bush anecdotes, which he related in a really clear and humorous style that was quite a treat to hear and a pleasure to listen to. Physically he was one of the finest and most powerful men I have overseen, standing 6 ft. 1 in., measuring 47 in. round the chest, and weighing 16 st 10 lb. He would carry a hag of flour under each arm with as much apparent ease as an ordinary man carrying two fifties. No wonder we have missed him so, poor fellow. Generally speaking our path so far has been through one of the worst portions of Australia, and the journey which we have just ended here at the Fraser Range, across the Great Victoria Desert, I am sure will stand unprece dented in the annals of Australian exploration —550 miles in thirty-four days, and our poor unfortunate camels had only three small drinks during all that time of less than one bucket each; even then between two and three sips they were eighteen dear days. And yet they journeyed on, some of them carrying heavy loads all the time over the tiresome sandhills and through the horrid spinifex, wbioh made their feet sore and weary; through the dense, black, gloomy scrub, which tore our clothes into tatters, and where at oue time you could not see more than 100 yards ahead, over flats where the vegetation was withered and the very earth seemed to cry out for moisture. On through a land of ghost like silence* where there was no sign of life in any form ; on through the desert guratree forest* whioh even the enduring and hardy native had learned to shun. Still on the noble animals bore ub bravely and well until we reached our haven of refuge in the Fraser Rancre." 