THE LATE REV. J. BARNIER. ; unveiling the memobial stone. JLne ceremony of unveiling a memorial atone erected by the Loyal Orange Institution to the Bev. Joseph Burnier, of St. Barnabas', Sydney, took place in the Anglican portion of the Balmain Cemetery on Saturday afternoon. Around the grave in which repoBe the remains of this earnest eloquent preacher, were gathered about 200 persons (including Beveral members of the clergy), Mr. Stephen, M.L.A., Grand Worshipful Master of the Orange Institution, addressing those present, said they were met to perform a ceremony of love, and although that cere mony was of a sorrowful nature, yet they ought to be actuated with joy in memory of the great and good man, to whose worth they were there to testify. From personal know ledge he oould say there bad not been a more Christian, God-fearing man or more sincere pastor in the administration of his church throughout Australia than the Bev. J. Barnier. He bad also been a great pillar to the Orange institution, constantly supporting the great prinoiple of religions freedom and liberty, which they advocated. He (the speaker) could well remember with what cogent argu ments the deceased gentleman supported him in the action be took in the synod of the Church of England, when a section of the olergy endeavoured to introduce into that church, the system of sisterhoods, which was a distinct step towards Romanism. The rev erend gentleman upon that memorable occa sion repelled the proposed innovation upon the Church with such eloquence and fiery indignation that the abominable resolution was defeated and the Ohuroh saved from a terrible incubus. It was with sorrow that he lamented the decease of suoh a friend as he was ; but if they all endeavoured as citizens, as fathers, and as true and loyal Orangemen, to imitate the example handed down to them by the noble life and aotions of their departed brother, they must necessarily be the better for it. The ceremony of unveiling the memorial was then performed. The stone, which waB of polished Aberdeen granite, surmounted by a draped urn, was the work of Messrs. Andrews Bros., of Elizabeth street. It bore the following inscription : — " In loving remem brance of the Bev. Joseph Barnier, who for the last 17 years of his life held the incum bency of St. Barnabas', Sydney. He dis charged the duties belonging to the sacred office with such ability, zeal, and love, as to win the hearts of all who knew him, and many a changed life bore witness to the sucoeBs of his ministry. His memory will long be cherished by those who through him learned to love the Saviour, whoBe teaching he so eloquently set forth in word and deed." On another Bide of the monument wbb an inscrip tion setting forth that the stone had been . erected by the Orange Institution. Bev. Bro. D. Allen, Grand Ohaplain, who was appointed by the Grand Lodge to deliver the oration, said. Brethren, the inscription upon this monument, erected to the honoured memory of our late beloved Bev. Brother Barnier, states that he wbb a preacher of the Protestant faith. It will be necessary there fore to notice what that Protestant faith is. 1st. As contained in the protest of the Reformed Princes, and Ministers, declared at Spires, on the 19th April, 1527, and largely detailed in the 39 articles of the Church of England, of whioh he was a faithful preacher, and in which he was a firm believer. In order that we may clearly understand what that protest is, and what those 39 articles are, we here beg dear brethren, to submit to your consideration just a brief outline of that grand and never to be forgotten protest, as given by a great historian. Dr. Wylie in his history of Protestantism, (vol. i., p. 550,) from which yon will cleaily see how exactly in accord with that protest, our late beloved brother was, in his godly life and faithful preaching of the gospel of the Son of God, in testimony of which we erect this monument as a witness of our high esteem and much affection, and great appreciation of his unfiinohing fidelity to the noble protest here following:— On the morrow, the 19th April, the Diet held its last and fate meeting. The Elector of Saxony and his friends entered the hall. The chair was empty, Ferdinand being gone ; but that took neither from the validity, nor from the moral grandeur of the transaction. The princes knew that they had for audience not the States now present only, bnt the Emperor, Christendom, and the ages to come. . The elector for himself, the princes, and the whole body of the Reformed party now proceeded to read a Declaration, of whioh the following are the more important passages. : We cannot consent to its, (the edict of 1526) repeal. . .. . Because this would be to deny our Lord Jesus Christ, to rejeot His holy Word, and thus give Him just reason to deny us before his Father, as he has threatened. . . . Moreover, the new ediot, deolaring the Ministers shall preach the Gospel explain ing it according to the writings accepted by the holy Christian Church, we think that, for this regulation to have any value, we should first agree on what iB meant by the true and holy Church. Now seeing that there is great diversity of opinion in this respeot that there is no sure doctrine, but such aB is conformable to the Word of God ; that the Lord forbids the'teaching of any other doctrine ; that each text of the Holy Scriptures ought to be explained by other and clearer texts ; that this holy book, is in all things necessary for the 'Christian, easy of understanding, and calculated to scatter the darkness ; we are resolved with the grace of God to maintain the pure and exclusive preaching of his Holy Word. Such as it iB contained in theBiblioal books of the Old and New Testament, without adding anything thereto that may be contrary to it. This Word, is the only truth, it is the sure rule of all doctrine, and of all life, and and never fail or deceive us. He who builds on this foundation shall stsnd against all the powers of hell, whilst all the human varities that are set up against it shall fall before the face of God. For these reasons, most deaf Lords, uncles, cousins, and friends, we earnestly entreat you to weigh carefully our grievances and our motives. If you do not yield to our request, we protest by these presents before God, our only Creator, Preserver, Redeemer, and Saviour, and who will one day be our judge, as well sb before all men, and all creatures, that we, for us, and for our people, neither consent nor adhere in any manner whatsoever to the proposed deoree in anything thpt is contrary to God, to his Holy Word, to our right conscience, to the salvation of our souls, and to the last decree of Spires. Beloved brethren in the Loyal Orange Institution, we raise this monument, not for the worship and adoration of a canonised saint, but to the memory of a brother once highly honoured, and muoh beloved in the grand old cause bo dear to our hearts, and so needful for the welfare of man. The word of God to whioh I shall direct your attention on this occasion in memory of this dear departed Brother, you can find in the 11th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, and at the 24th verse — " For he was a good man" I have never mourned so much before in Sydney over the loss, of a good public man, as I have over the Iobs of this good man. We have stood together, side by side, for 19 years, in all our oity institutions, in all our great Protestant struggles in this colony, in all the great movements of the Loyal Orange Institu tion in this land, in all the assaults of Borne upon our liberties, schools, and institutions in New South Wales, and in all our efforts for Biblical education, Lord's Day observance, and the eooial rectitude of the people in our midst of whom we have been called to reside in thiB our city of Sydney ; therefore, I can but mourn the Iobs of this fellow-helper in all these good things. We have often bowed onr knees together before the Throne of God to implore the divine blessing to rest upon our labours in the things before named, and to stop the fiood- tide of error and evil in this colony. We have sang the Lord's praises together before His Holy Mercy-seat with grateful hearts, and at timeB with joyful lips, fie has come to our House of God to select anti- Roman literature when I have received fresh parcels from London. He has also very kindly invited me to lecture in his large schoolroom upon Biblical education. We have laboured together at the large annual gatherings of the Loyal Orange Institution, and in the Lodges of the same. He has shown to me the kindest brotherly love and sympathy in my affiiotions, and there has never been one unkind word or act between us ; therefore I can but mourn over the loss of such a beloved brother. As a city, a country, a people, as Protestants, and as an institution, we have suffered a great loss in the departure from earth to heaven of this our beloved Brother Barnier. I wish to place our 19 years together in the bonds of brotherly love and sympathy in the face of the falsehood, " Ob, there is no love or unity, in Orangeism. ' As in the Churches— with the unreal there is not, but with the real there is. In this our humble tribute of affeotion to hiB memory, we may briefly notice — 1\. That he was a good man graciously. He was not so by nature , for God has spoken aloud upon that point, saying " There is none good, no not one." He was;bold to deolare openly that there was only one good man by nature — The Man Christ Jesus. That our brother Barnier was not a good man by birth, is evident, for the Lord has said, " Not of blood." And that he was not a good man by water iB certain ; for Bishop Latimer, of whom he lectnred so much, said, <( Who can believe that the material element of water can change the immaterial soul of man, but those firebrand Papists ? " "Not all the forms of men on oarth, Not rites that God has given, Nor will of man, nor blood, nor birth, Can raise a soul so heaven." How then was he made a good man ? We answer, by the Good Spirit of God. "Thy spirit is good," says David. Then the Lord says, again, "I will put my spirit within you." Thus he was a partaker of the Holy Ghost, and so he became a good man. The good things of Christ were taken by the good spirit of the Lord and put within his heart, and also the good love of God was shed abroad in his heart by the same good spirit of God. Thus he had some good things in his heart towards the Lord God of Israel like one of old, as Latimer said of Edward VI. As the Blessed Saviour said, " A good man out of the treasure of his heart bringeth forth good things," so did this beloved brother in hiB life within this city, as we have before noticed. AH the good that we saw in this good man, we trace up to this glorious fountain of all goodnesB — God in the grandeurs of His grace and love. 2\. He was a good man Truthfully. He did not take a solemn oath to preach, vindicate, and maintain the Thirty-nine Articles of his Church, and then go forth to deny, reproach, and defame them. No ; he honestly pro claimed the truths of God, and the Reforma tion as set forth in them, as we also aim to do. In this was our unity. 3\. He was a good man Fraternally, He true and faithful to every brother Orangeman ; he would never wrong his brother, nor know him to be wronged without giving him due notice thereof in his power. He loved the prayers, devotionB, Biblical lessons, and re ligious Bentiments of our noble institution. He was faithful unto death." 4\. He wbb a good man Charitably. The thousands of poor people in the locality of his church bear thiB witness by their presence at his funeral. Every charitable institution in the city bears the same witness to this great kindness of his heart and life.' ' " ' 5\. He was a good man Socially. Our societies for sobriety, Local Option, sooial purity, and the Lord's Day observanch, all had his laborious attention, end ' fetvant prayers to the Lord for all good. 6\. He was a good man Protestingly. He was not the self- contradictory thing', called "A Protestant without a Protest." Nof, in the cihf, or in tne country, he was always pro test against the errors, the idolatry, and the profanity of Rome. 0 that God may raise up more like him I 7\. He waB a good man Morally. He lived what he preached, the Holy Gospel of the Holy Son of God. No scornful- PrieSt of slandering Rome can point the fioger .of scorn at any spot in any conversational garment of his. No moral taint lingers upon his, beloved name. To God be all the praise. 8\. He was a good man Spiritually. He loved the Lord and His people, and His truth. He trusted alone in the person, blood, grace, and righteousness of the Lord 'Jesus for his salvation, in life and in death. Thus his spirit is now in the presenoe of God and the Lamb, with all the spirits of the just, washed in the blood of JeBus. Thus his flesh also sleeps in the Lord Jesus until he shall come and raise it up again like His own most glorious Body, and so shall he ever be with his and our most blessed Lord. Brethren, let us comfort one another with these holy words of God, they who sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. Dear Brother, thou are gone, Gone to a better world j Be the the truth was preached on earth, Its banner was unfurled. Side bv side for years we Btood, To face the Roman foe ; And often from our battle-field, In Bhame we saw them go. " In all good oity work, Thy aid was ever near ; In sorrows great, in thee we found . The sympathetic tear. .. > We saw thy love was great . : To those who loved the Lord, - We saw thy fate was firmly fixed On His most holy word. We saw in the the graee That none but Christ oangivo; . ' We saw in the the Spirit's power, ' " . By whioh our soul's must live. 'Twas thus our hearts were joined ' " In principles sublime, ' ' Which shed on earth a glorious light, And then in Heaven they shine. Sleep thou within the dust . v Till Christ our Lord shall oomo ; Then wake to see his glorious face Within thy heavenly home. With these designs, in much affection and great esteem, we unveil this monument to the memory of our late beloved brother, the Bev. Joseph Barnier. After .prayer, had been offered up the gathering dispersed. 