SPMMABT. Marvel is a wonder. Professor Tyndall is dangerously ill. The miners of Pittsburg (Penn.) have struck. . Tho signalman is blamed for the PotorBham blasting accident. Hp liad a lot of work to do owing to, the encampment. M Kinley is mentioned as President Harri- eon's successor. Honor to whom honor is due. . The Attorney-General will not proseoute in the case of Georgo Felton, committed at Goul- burn recently for larceny.' Lord .Tersoy is to see what our artillerymen at Middle Head can do with an enemy to day. Keseigh Martin's sentence is reduced from two years to 10 months. Ho comes out at the end of May. Tho signalman at Petorshnm forgot ho gave the order to blast. Somebody blasted all the same. Tho Technical College cookery girls gave an . excellent dinner at the Juvomle Exhibition yesterday. A valuable discovery of fire clay has been made near Launuoston (Tne.). The inter-university race to- morrow and sub sequent banquet will be attended by the Governor. Another case of child murder by- someone unknown has been brought to light in Mel bourne. 1 ,he Queensland Railway Commissioners will not recognise the 'employeos' association in tho matter of the dismissal of men for taking . sides m tho shearers' utriko. h said that King Humbert had his life threatened if he did not takeaotion to frighten the United States. The loss of Aifu in the Mampur insurrection was loss than, was at first supposed. The i - bookmakers' strike in Auckland is spreading. a J'joGe.rnmn barquo Ludwig, from Natal for Adelaide, has been burnt off Cape Xieuwiu. .. Spurious bank . notes on the Commercial ' —Banking Co. are in circulation. Sir Henry Parkes will not open' the Gosford snow to-day as promised. It was only a inivaolo that tho train was not wrecked through the outting of that bridge near Clermont. The Queensland strikers are xaad with the Government. The trial of the Queensland sbioarers oliargod With conspir acy is proceeding. Tile Uniked States authorities want tho . Italians to be'patient, and hang some of them selves — if they want hanging. Bradley, or.o of tho bank dofaultors, was remanded for sentenco yostorday. Ho will bo remanded to prison 011 Monday. The "steamer Wanuku is aground between Onelii'.nga and Tnrauuki (N.Z.). A searching inquiry is promised by tin? Ur.ited States Government into the lynching frivolity of tho Now Orleans mob. More rope . 'and gun shot for tho Mufiu will probably be re- commendod. Colston, the Narbetliong murderer and grim humorist, has beon committed for trial. . _ The gold discoveries in Mn-shonahmd, South Africa, will awaken recollections of the gilded past. Tlireo young ladies have just taken their vows of sisterhood at the Convent of Mercy, . Gonlbnrn. ' ' What's tho matter with Toohey ?" " He's all right. So is his Sparlding Amber Ale." Look out for the label on tho hotels. Tho Governor is to open tbp new Masonic Hall at M033 Yale. The jovial Jersey has in finite energy. Princo Victor is the recognised head of tho Bonaparte family, that is if the romnants have anything worth calling a head. Actor Whalloy, while playing Mercutio in 1 " Romeo and Juliet " at Manchester on Wed nesday, was killed in tho dual scene. £kage realism progresses. Frank Cotton is out for East Sydney, and he'll remain out. Pulsford had six peoplo at lirh meeting last night. Millionaire Burdekin will run him. . Both are men of figures. The nominations for the East Sydney As sembly Stakes are not in, 'but Pulaford will tail up tho field for a certai'nty. The Single Taxers will mot have Fede ration without a land tax. Haynos' meeting last night was more inte rested in the f jeo fights than in the land tax. Tho vintagfi at Albury this year will be up to tho average. So will tho wine consumed. An unfortunate woman was killed yesterday , in Melbourne, by a blow with some blunt instrument on the skull. A young man named John Finnigan, who reported the matter, lias been charged with the crime. It is growing monotonous. George Greig, clerk to tho Bank of Australasia, Kooramin (V), has been committed for trial on a charge of em bezzling £-150. Tho minimum of the Victorian £3, '000, 000 lias been fixed at £98, and it is expected that it will be placed almost immediately. The excitement when Carbino won yester- y - day was amusing. Coats, hats, umbrellas, Bticksand evoa field-glasses wont flying through the air. Two hundred and nineteen applicants for five blocks of land at Young yesterday. Tho people and press of Now Caledonia are said to be much .excited by tho importation of Chineso criminals as " immigi|antit" to Noumea. Sir Henry Pnjrkes kept the "batteries at Middle Head waiting for him for on houg and a quarter yesterday before he dist/overed that his presence at tfho Convention prevented hiin from going totyiiddle Head. The C'Onven tion got through the provisions dealing with, 'the specifio duties of the Senate and House of Representatives yostorday. To-night tho 100 Yards Professional Handicap of the Carrington Grounds pro prietary will be decided. One hundred l nominations have been received, therefore a capital night's amusement should result. The first heat is timed for 8 o'clock, and the final for 10 o'clock.' On account of yesterday's heavy rains the 250 Yards Nursery Handicap of the Lillie Bridge proprietary, sot dowti for last night, was postponed. Duo notice will appear in these columns of the time fixed lor the de cision of the event. Tho starts for the Marrickville handicaps, promoted by Mr. Donald Blyth, appear in this issue. These events arc to be decided i on Saturday next, commencing at 3 o'clock. In taking his jump from tho bridge in the \- ' 5th act of " The Lights o' -London" Mr.. Wilson Barrett recently sustained a nasty hurt by striking tho wooden water heavily with tho wrong part of him. Why doesn't W. B. employ the tnnk efl'ec); like George Rignold did, and then lie couldn't hit anything harder than watew? But ho might drown himself one nighk, as Stirling Whyte very nearly did once. Sarah Bernhardt has been giving to an intervicwor her opinions on Ibsen. " I admire him immensely," alio said, " but I would rather read Ibsen than isee him on the boards. But," she added by way of dis counting her judgment, " I havo only seen one of his plays- acted, and that was 'Ghosts.'" Mr. Punch, by tho way (says the- Pali. Mall), would consider that no ; disqualification for passing judgment upon them. That gentleman discoursed at lengtli j last week on tho defects of Ibsen's plays, i while confessing that he has never seen a single one oi them. But that, no doubt, is his fun. j Artificial teeth. Highest awards. Painless, i Moderate. Marshall, dentist, 169 Liverpool-st. Our readers cannot do better than cull at S. Whiddon's, Pitt-Bt. or Oxford-st. for best and olioapest boots. ' Finn Bros, and Co. (successors to Mr. E. F. \ Flanagan), Catholic Booksellers, Stationers, i &c.;, 586 George-street, near Bathurst-street. ! I . When vour watches, clocks or jowellery want I repairing try R. B. Smith, 10 Oxford-ec. Fair Play's Sydney Gold Cup, March 30, 1891\. 2000 at 1. No. 1 now open. Only i- address: Fair Play, care of Pbin Thompson, | 93King-street, Sydney." Adam Bode, tho original promotor. Hawks- ' . bury, lltli April, 1801. <1000 at 10. Address \ Adam Bedc, earn of H. N. Abbott, Post Office i Chambers, Sydnoy, N.S.W. I Tattersall's 'Monster Cash Consultation, i; Hawkesbury Handicap, run at llawkcsbury '< April 11th. 10,000 at 10. Address, Tatter- sail, care of G. Adams, Pitt-stroot. ! Tattersall's are the only genuinely successful I I consultations in the colonies. j! ' 