[?] Chaptku XI. 3IU. IIOELL HIIIXXILOW. ? This man was doomed to bo even less fortunate than his brothers and sisters in misfortune. If he had been hale and sound, no woman who had once looked at him would' have turned to look again ; no man would have spoken of liiin as other than an ordinary looking fellow. He had a bullet head, covered with sandy hair, closely cropped, brushed, and pomatumed to the last degree of smoothness. His face, small, insignifi cant and boyish-looking, though marked with the lino3 of habitual weariness and pain, wa3 covered with freckles as sandy as his hair. Under sandy lashes winked his sharp little brownish eyes ; his nose was snubbed, pert, and sagacious. He had a wide, thin lipped mouth, with a weak little fringe of sandy moustache trying to grow long enough to hide it. His ears were large, and his teeth, if brilliantly white, were ill- set and uneven. And yet, commonplace as the features of the crippled gentleman undoubtedly wore, he was yet an individual of re markable appearance by reason of his dress. It was early in the afternoon, the day was warm and oppressive enough to justify the most rigid conventionaliet in a cool departure from the rigid rules which govern the costume of the ordinary Englishman ; they stood to gether, not in a fashionable London park in the height of the London season but in the carelessly kept avenue of nil easy-going country gentleman's estate, and yet the crippled man, despite his privileged infirmity, was attired with punctilious care, and in the very height of the prevailing mode.- No tailor, not a London tailor, could have adapted the outlines of the stylish frock coat he wore to the unfortunate inequalities of the figure it covered. His linen collar guillotined the nearer into irreproachable agonies ; his necktie boasted a blazing diamond and sapphire pin ; his snowy waisteoat, — his trousers, — of some light grey material, in harmony with the frock coat, — and his brilliant patcnt leatlier boots, wou/d have done houor to ??Bond Street or Pall Mall. The cambric handkerchief he flourished was heavy with scent ; the boquet of bavardia that graced his buttonhole might have been made up that morning in Covent Garden. The sinewy, freckled hands that grasped his crutches were ornamented with several costly rings; from the slender watch- chain that modestly crossed the immaculate waistcoat dangled a pendant amulet, in the centre of which a hand . some brilliant was set: And the glossy silk hat which he now replaced upon his head — with a smile in which affable condonation of the stranger's rudeness in staring, and complacent conviction of his own value as an object of contempla tion were combined, — crowns the des cription of this extraordinary individual. ' Look as much as you like,' the smile Said, ' you won't find anything to find fault with. If you ever saw a well dressed man in your life, my seafaring looking friend with the white hair, yon see one now.' Ho drew -out a dainty little Russia leather card-case, and, with the air of fashionable negligenco that sat so strangely on him and was so plainly put on with the fashionable clothes he wore;' oxacted therefrom tho ordinary parallelo gram of pasteboard. ' The situation requires an explana tion,' he said. ' Permit me to make it, with the usual accompaniment. As an old friend of the family residing here, I am accustomed to make my way in or out of the grounds with, the little cere mony, and by various short cuts which render progression, especially in hot weather, easier and less laborious. Ad vancing towards the house ' by a path ? concealed in the shrubbery, I overhear a classical stranger, in a momentary diffi culty ; — even great Homer nodded some times, if tho ancient authorites are at all reliable— on the other side of the hedge. ? What is the result ? I hurl myself into tho breach. I supply the interesting stranger with the flag-end of a quotation, and I oiler him My Card.' Ho handed the white haired man the card. The white haired man took it gravely and read the name upon it aloud, — ' ' Mr. Hoell Brinnilow.' ' ' Of Kctton Manor House,' added Mr. Hoell Brinnilow. ' Supposing your road to have led you through the village, Ketton Old Church, as the guide-book people call it, though from time im memorial it has been known to the in habitants as plain Kctton, you must have passed the Manor House. A remarkable example oE Medieval Do mestic Architecture, some people call it : a tumbledown old ghost church, accord . ing to others, but the most appropriate residence imaginable for its present owner. ^ Why 1 Answer ! Because, like himself, it leans upon crutches !' With which pleasantry at the expense of Ilis own affliction, Mr. Hoell Brinnilow. ended, and the white haired man, lean ing on his stick, looked at him, not curiously or offensively, but more earnestly than before. ?' Mr. Hoell Brinnilow, of Ketton Manor House,' lie' repeated. ' A son of the old Squire's, I suppose, Mad ? ?' ''Mad Brinnilow,' as the people' hereabouts used to call him,' supplied Mr. Brinnilow, without a moment's hesitation. ' Quito correct. I see you are no stranger to the neighborhood, sir.' ' I have been a stranger to the neigh borhood,' returned the other, ' for years.' ' -'Many years ?' hinted Mr, Brinni low. ' Twenty years.' \- ' Twenty years I' repeated Mr, Iloell Brinnilow. ' Many changes in the place, sir, since you were a visitor here 7' ' I was born and bred here,' the old white haired stranger said, looking away. ' As to the changes — I don't know yet — I'm almost afraid to guess what they may be.' He looked back again. '? The old people — Sir and Madam, as tho Village people used to cnllthem— ?— ?' (2'o b« continued.), 