INTERNATIONAL NOTES. From Odr Correspondent. LONDON, Stii December. From tho tormB in whioh tiio nffnirs of Africa woro mentioned in tho Queen's spoooh it may bo interred that tiic territory olaimcd by Italy is of mtiah smaller extent than lias horotofora been supposed. Tho negotiations which wore ontcrcd into had rotorcnco only to the delimitation of tho frontier wiiioh separates tho territory undor British influence in North-cast Afrioa from that whioh belongs to tho protected Empire of Abys- sinin. This can havo no rcforoncu to England's area of influonco in Equatorial East Afrioa, or to tho Somali coast. Tho aroa to ho doalt with is in tho Egyptian Soudan, and especially that portion of it which lies botwocn Massowah and Sunkim. It is within thfs area that Kassala, which Italy wants, is situated. Thero is no ambiguity about the modus vivendi .between England nnd Portugal ; hnt it is strango that no allusion was mado iu tho spocch to tha agroo- mont witli Franco for a partition of tho Sahara, nor to tho determination of frontiers in tho neighborhood of tho Niger, and in tho vicinities of Gambia, Scnegambia and Sierra Laono. This omission may ho takon as a hint that tho Ministry ' do not wish to havo any questions on. tiio subject put to them, and that thoy reserve tho right' to rcfuso to givo any information until nn agreement has boon nrrivod at. An associa tion has been formed in Franoo having for its avowod object an encroachment on tho British sphcro of influcnco already delimited. Tho agreement gnvo to Franae the right to annox the Sahara to tho west of a lino drawn from Algoria to tho north-west corner of Lake Tchad. Tho association proposes to go round tho eastern shore of tho lake nud to annex Btighirmi, so that France should havo an uninterrupted lino from Algoria to tho Congo. TIiIb she cannot havo without encroaching on the German as woll ns tho English sphcro. Tho Fronoh Govern ment, howevor, is not responsible for tho pro- jeot. Fronoh diplomacy has boon sucaossful in tho passing year. The modus vivendi in Newfound land was devised by tho British Government out of regard to Fronoh susceptibilities at tho risk of alienating tho loyalty of tho colonists. Tho acBsion of Zanzibar to England was agreed to by France, in order to procure something for nothing. Tho acknowledgment of a FroncU protectorate over Madagascar was ob tained in a way which raises doubts whether thore is suoh a thing as inter national morality. England herself would not now do such a thing as to force her protcotion upon nn unwilling people, ,but she is quite loady to tolerate the wrong when iuflioted by others. And now Germany has done violence to Iior conscience in recognising tho injustice. Tho Gorman and French Governmonts have now conic to an agrcomonb by whioh Germany recog nises the Fronoh protectorate over Mndagasoar, while, oa the other hand, Franco acknowledges German 'supromaoy over tho torritory in conti nental Africa ceded by tho Sultan of Zanzibar. The negotiations were carried on by tho Fronoh Ambassador at Berlin, and wero, with very littlo trouble, brought . to a successful issuo. It may he doubted, however, whether Franoo can derivo muoh substantial benofit from tho com- plaisanco of tho two great powers, so long as tho Malagasies remain disaifcotcd. Noithor Germany nor England interfered while tho wrong was being porpetratod, and they will mcroly remain indifferent spectators should Franco bo so ill- advised as to provoke another war. Thero has, however, been a diplomatic triumph for Franae, although tho rosults do not materially affect the situation. The British and Gorman consuls will bo debarred from taking sides against France, and that is all. The red men of the United States scom to bo determined to havo a Messiah of their own color, and, of course, he is to be a great chiof who will work miracles on tha war path. It is said that tho infatuation is spreading, so that the apprehension of a rising prevails overy whero. Outrages havo already been aommitted, and although it is felt that a movement of this sort should be easily quelled, yet there is danger that if it bo arrrcsted for a time, it will bo liable to break out again on hut slight provooation. Tho matter .for surprise is that the Indians should be still strong enough to create a scare. As the whites when in a minority woro nblo to take caro of themselves there is not muoh causa for apprehension' now. From the description of tho ghost dances by which the movement is characterised it would appear that thoy are almost identical with tho Australian oorrobboroe. Peoplo wonder why the American Indians havo mado suoh littlo progress towards civilisation, but it should be borno in mind that even in tho most advanced of communities delusions not a bit moro excus able are by no means rare. Horo worship is freely lavished on objects whioh too frequently show that tbey are unworthy of it. Fetishes abound everywhere, Europe being only slightly moro enlightened than Africa. The information as to what is going on among the Indians is so fragmentary and contradictory that it is not easy to form an cstimato of tho importance of the movement, but ono thing is clear — that tho Indians arc not of one mind, and in this absanco of unity there is good ground for liapo that tho flare which has boen raised will spocdily subsido. The Government manifest indifferenoo in the prcsenee of seeming danger, and it may be that in tho end their apathy may be shown to be justifiable. Anxiety lias been for somo timo felt respecting the fate of tho latest Russian expedition to Tibet, but the fears that were entertained havo been set at roBt by tho news that tho adven- turcrs had arrivad at Kuldja. As that place is 600 miles north of tho nearest point on tho Tibetan frontier, it may bo inferred that the expedition is in full retreat, or that it has fallen back to obtain supplies or reinforcements. In oithor oaso the attempt muBt he set down as moro or loss of a failure. If the expedition were what it is represented to bo — a purely sciontifio one — this would be a matter for regret, but if it had a political purpose in view, tho re pulse may be regarded as a misfortune or a blessing according to tho point of view from which it is contemplated. Tho prevailing im pression is that Russia does not care much about the exploration of tho interior of Tibet, but is very anxious about tho discovery of a good military road thither. This is not easily found, as tho mountain range on tiio Mongolian boundary presents formidable difficulties. Princo Henri of Orloans and M. Bouvalot have returned from a succossful journey of ex ploration in Tibet, they having previously scoured tho oonsout of the Chinese authorities. Thoy report that although tho mandarins and lamas show a jealous distrust of foreign visitors, tho focling does not descond to tho common poople, who are vory reasonable. Thoy claim to havo discovered a chain of mountains to tho south of the Lake Lob-Nor parallol to the Hima layas and as lofty, some of the peaks roaching a lioight of from 25,000 to 3Q,000 foot. They were lor thrco months endeavoring to find a passage across tho range, whioh they eventually did. As tho Kuen Lun chain occupies tho position indicated, it docs not appear as if the olaim to disoovory can bo maintained. The Italian election gives a majority of fivo to ono in favor of Signor Crispi. This result is indicative not only of continuod confidence in tho individual statesman, but of approval of tho triple alliance. The explanation of this popu larity is to bo looked for in tho fact that Italy actually saves money by alliance with two stronger powers, for if she stood alone her pro- sent army would be inadequate for dofonco. The Pope has not removed his voto against Catholics taking part in the elections ; but thero is a large party in tho church who boliovo that thoy are losing ground by refraining from poli tical aotivity, and they point to tho German Catholics ns having profited mueh by tiioir active political polioy. As a matter of fact, tho numbers who tako part in tho Italian oleotions aro rapidly increasing, and as a rulo they sup port tho national policy, whioh is rogardad as inimioal to the cburoh. Tho ontire removal of tho interdict would thus, it is argued, really strengthen the position of tho Curia. Four out of tho ten South American Re- publics are reported to bo in a state of crisis, al though it would porhaps be tou much to say that thoy arc in a critical state. These four — Argentina, Chili, Brazil and Uruguay — have hither been recognised as themost prosperous and progressive of tho whole, tho other six being backward or stationary, with but sparse popu lations. It is thoir very progressivenoss, more over, that has brought troublo upon tho four. By tho fatal facilities for borrowing they wore led to imagine that the floating of a loan was a process of making money, whereas it is quite the reverse— a means of creating a defioienoy. ' The causes of the crisis' in Chili nnd Brazil aro probably inero transitory incidents, lint in Argentina and Uruguay tho troubles are llltoly to bo scvaro nnd prolonged. Thero has boon nn international oonferonco in London in order to rclioro Argentina, nnd to secure tho snfoby of its oroditors, liut tho foroign delegates left in dudgeon ns soon as they found that the Bank of England waa not disposed to run tho risk of sacrificing its own interests to benefit a foroign State. Tho English members of tho oommiHsion, navoi chclcss, porsovored in tho belief that thoy could do some good by nego tiating a modus vivendi between tho Stnto nnd its creditors, Tho oxpeoted rcsul' jns not yot been nrrivod at. A new feature of tho dispute respecting tho divided French nud British jurisdiction on tho west const of Newfoundland bus boon brought to light. Tho English residents on that part of tho island do not scom to havo any objection to tho continued presence of the French, whnt they want being separation from tiio eastern or St. John's half of the island. After gaining this point thoy propose to enter tho Canadian union. Thora is no overland communication betweon cast and west, nnd tho interests of tha two divisions are to a certain extent antagonistic. At Bt. John's the policy is favorable to contrplisntlon, while in the west the settlors wish to ho sot froc from oastom domination. As tho peoplo of tho wost havo no ohjeotion to tho continuanco of tho modus vivendi, tiio on9t ondcrs can havo littlo right to control an arrnngomcnb whioh does not directly intorforo with thoir interests. It is doubtful, howovor, whethor tho Government at Ottawa would consent to tako ovor tho half of tho island, even though Labrador were thrown in. Tho division of opinion among tho Newfound landers should, howevor, strengthen tho hands of tiio Britisli Government in coming to on orrangomcnt; hut it is not likoly that the separation policy will ilud favor oxoopt as a last resource. Tiio Irish quostiou lias to some extent become an international one, iiiusuiuuii tta tho Hulne Rule party invite tho intervention of American publio opinion. "What is of mora importance, howovor, is that whan Iruland becomes moro or loss of a nation through tho passing of a measuro-whicU seeks to rcoonoilo ecparato rulo witii tho integrity of tho.United Kingdom, tho strife, instead of being nliayod, willaaquiro fresh vigor. It may or may not ho right that this should bo tho caso ; but tho probnble contin gency Bliould ho looked fairly in tho face, and not mufllod up in tho hope that tho millen nium of peaco and goodwill must immediately ousuo. Tho dispute betweon tho British South Africa Company and tbo Mozambique representatives of tho Portuguoso Government in referoneo to Manicaliind is becoming better understood. After Portugal had foolishly refusod to ratify tiio convention whioh gavo it Manicalnnd, the tribal chief entered into a tronty with tho com pany, acknowledging their protcotion. Tho Portuguese now say that the treaty is in violation of the modus vivendi, but there they ore wrong, for the . docu- ment expressly stipulates that all existing treaties aro to bo upheld. Nor oau it bo said that tho troaty is in violation of the oonvontlon, for tho Portuguese thomselvcs rendered that a dead letter. Tho Portuguese farther declared that Mutaca, with whom the troaty was' made, is a mcro vassal of Lomogunda, but it is notv found that Lomogunda is a vassal of Lobengula, and to finish tho business Lomogunda himself has raised tho British flag. This completes tho obain of Portugal's misfortunos, and Manlea- lnnd is lost to hor, apparently for ever. 