RUSSIAN PERSECUTION OF THE JEWS. BY OSDER OF THE_CZAR [All Rights Reserved,] [Commenced in the Evening News of Thursday, Jane 25,3 PART IL CHAPTER V. — cCoNnmrED.) ' I have had one offered to me. 1 should like to go ; indeed, it is one of the dreams of my life that I would like to realise.' 'You have a good many dreams you fellows who paint,' replied Swynford. ' Yes,' said Phil, his mind running on the face in his sketch ' any fellow might be excused for dreaming over such cigars as Milbanke's, not to mention his claret. What a capital dinner you have given us. But your cook is a treasure.' Philip felt he must make an effort to get away from his picture. His work always took strong hold of his imagination, but ' Tragedy ' seemed to be taking full and entire possession of him ; he began to wish he had never seen the woman at the opera. ' Shall we join the ladies, Milbanke?' ?? By all means. Shall I tell them you will join -us in our Italian holiday ?' ' Yes, I think so.' ' Bull or bear in that stock ?' said Sam Swynfcrd to himself as the three left the room. ' I suppose he will take the pool j just my luck.' Mr. Swynford was a stockbroker, and he looked it. There was a certain city go and swagger in his manner which gave con fidence to his customers, and made Sam ?welcome both in artistic society and among his city friends. He was breezy and alive with animal spirits, dressed well, wore a flower in his buttonhole summer and winter, was always groomed ' up to the nines,' as some of the most slangy of his acquaintances described the polish of his boots, his waxed moustache, his close cropped hair, and his well-brushed coats. He was what would be termed a young man with a fair complexion, and accord ingly on that account Mrs. Jlilbanke was inclined to think that Philip Forsyth had had the best chance in the competition for Dolly, because in love like does not like like, but its opposite. Sam was of medium height, inclined to be what is called stout, was broad of shoulder, his hands of a generous type, and he had a fat cheery laugh. He wose tight coats, a showy watch chain, and carried a big silver mounted stick. On the present occasion his dress clothes were in the height of fashion — silk fac ings, silk collar, and white vest, with a single small gem in the way of a stud for his immaculate shirt front. His somewhat florid cheeks shone with health, his grey eyes sparkled 'with his host's wine. He had no peculiarities of manner, but was a type of a fairly bred young Englishman, in a big way of business, perfectly at home with himself except when he was near Dolly Norcott, with whom he was over head and ears in love ; and without, as he feared, the remotest chance of ever winning even her esteem, he yet thought of the possibility of making a heap of money for her, whenever he entered upon a more than ordinary large hazard either as a bull or a bear. He had never dared to propose to Dolly, because she had more than once given him to understand that any fainiiitarity of that' kiiid 'would 'foe fatal to their friendship j that she was not for him in any other capacity than one of friendship ; that as a Mend she liked hi™ better than any other of her brother-in-law's guestB, and she hoped he would not compel her to ask Walter not to invite him any more to Westbury Lodge. Although this had been said more or less jestingly, Sam knew that for the time being Dolly meant it $ but he had a lurking- hope that ill tile course of the chapter of .acci dents he might Have a chance. Possibly Ms city experiences encouraged Mm to think of his prospects in this way, because he had so of ten seen the unexpected happen ©n the Stofck: Exchange, .and he did sot see why the d6ctrine of chanceB which affected his ©peraliohB there should not also influence his epeculations in regard to Dolly, the one line of matriinoiiial stock which he desired... ib inscribe _in his book of optionB. . Somehow, libwayer, ^ on ^la^ ia^t J^cit Jiis Ja^Bt, little J^imer 'fo'''!i^''^ro^ecj^''::-^^b^t-V'^fia^ter'; but lie made it a rule to appear cheerful and happy under ill ciroumBtancesj jib he sailed Into the draw^^roomafi^r IjoMjpiTid. Wjalte-f ? with the emMe of apparettt confidence and , 'imc^ncern.-:%x.«- :?':-'?' V':- .4;-'v'(;'^';;'-;-; . ''?:'?' : i* .^Chetfi' Witts j'ust Siio^Ujpt; Jjb^fiecbrajfive '?, craze o£ the day in the arrangenieni of the MiLlbatike drawing-Toom to give I* an air of , aoMerti 3pf ettinea6r laiit apt s» anuou as to destroy the sense of comfort,- which is often sacrificed to artistic show. It -was neither -a harmony in yellowj nor' a symphony in pink; ii was not an inspiration from Japan, nor & copy of a Chippendale idea adapted to parquette flooring and Queen Anne windows j there had been no para graphs in the society papers aoout it; probably neither Mr. 'Whistler nor Mr. Menpes had ever seen it, and if they h.a-l they 'would most likely have condemned it. Nevertheless, you felt that the decorator had worked at it with artistic feeling, and that the hostess had supplemented his labors with ideas beyond the reach of art. There ?was a copper kettle singing on an old hob grate, a cluster of candelabra on the mantel, a sconce or two' of gas on the walls, a dozen or so fine examples of Cox, Halls welle, Herkomer, and Corot on the walls, a cabinet of Venetian glass, a many-legged table with a Crown Derby coffee service upon it, and a dainty liquor case ; the. floor 'was covered with Persian rugs'; there was drawn up before the fire a big much cushioned seat; and the general tone of the room was yellow, but whether it was the yellow of warm light or the yellow of curtains and walls one did not think of inquiring, though one might wonder about all this afterwards, reflecting on the pretty, comfortable, unusual kind of room it was. - ? i ? ' ' r, ? Sirs. Milbanke was seated at a pretty tea table, lighted, with a pretty copper lamp. Dolly 'was half buried in an easy chair with the last new book in her lap. Swyn ford hoped she -was enjoying her literature. She looked up with a mischievous smile, and said she was, though she must confess it -was full of sadness, not to say horrors. Stepniak's ' Russia under the Czars,' she continued, this time turning her blue eyes towards Philip, who, of course, became immediately interested. Her sister had suggested the book as a desirable one to have lying about since they had seen the sketch on Philip's easel, and they had driven down to Mudie's for it before going home after they had left the studio .that very afternoon. It had not taken Dolly half an hour, the half hour after dinner, to get at the tone of the work; and to know just enough to let Philip see that she was in terested in the subjects which interested him. ' Yes,' he replied, sitting down by her side, ' it is a painful subject, though one might be forgiven for expecting to find sometMng noble in pageB inscribed with such a title — but there is in the record of its martyrdoms.' There was something fateful in Philip's appearance and manner ; he Was pale, his black hair was dishevelled, it fell in a great shock over his forehead, his long hands were particularly white, and there was a poetic melancholy in the expression of his sallow face that suggested much thought and work. All this made him interesting in Dolly's estimation, and she was also taken by the* air of distinction which seemed to belong to those student like characteristics which were so opposite to the happy professional air of her brother-in-law, and to the smug city cheer fulness of Samuel Swynford, of Lornbard Btreet. ? - ' ' I have always been deeply concerned in regard to 'the fate of political prisoners in Russia,' continued Philip, ' and just now I am thinking of little else. I sup pose there is a touch of selfishness in this increased devotion, because I am putting my feelings and my imagination into com mission as it were ; I hope they will assist me to carry off. the Gold MedaL' ' Oh, that is the secret of the sketch we saw this afternoon ?' said Mrs. Milbanke. ' You forgot to tell us ; or perhaps it is a secret.' ' Forsyth thought he would not spoil a good subject for conversation this evening,' chimed in the host. ' Yes, my dear, 1 will take a cup of tea ; don't approve of tea as a rule, but to-night we'll merry be, as the song says, eh Swynford ?' Walter did not quite know what he was saying ; not that he had too much -wine, but his wife had been making signs at him, and he tried to hide his nonunder standing of them under a ripple of talk. *' A good old song,' he went on ; 'I re member my father singing it when I was a boy at a birthday — yes, my dear, Mr. Swynford will take a cup of tea, and by the way, Swynford, you are a judge of water colors. I would like to show you a little portfolio I bought last week — a collection of landscapes and figures — two little Turners, half a dozen David Cox's, a Caldecott, and a couple of sketches by Landseer j here it is, my.jjoy.' And. Walter, having suddenly caught the meaning of his wife's nod, had led Sam to the furthest end of the room, away from Philip and Dolly, and was soon deep in the mysteries of the portfolio in question, getting Sam's ideas of its valued not only artistically but financially, together 'with his views of the present inflated state of the money market and other matters of current interest. Meanwhile Philip- responded to Dolly's sympathetic inquiries, about prison life in Russia^ the high-handed character of what was .termed administrative arrest, and ?what he intended to convey in that sketch, in which the -woman's face -was so remark able as to have set' Jenny talking of noth ing else ever since they had seen it. Philip rode his hobby gracefully, with eloquence and with knowledge, and paused more than once to note how beautiful Dolly -was, and what a happy j contrast were her red lips, her bright genial eyes and warm healthful flesh, compared with the woman of the opera, ' the ghost of Madame Lapukin,' as Dick Chetwynd had styled her. TO BE COKTINTnED. 