The Indian Scare In America. Fears appear to be on the increase that th» Sioux in South Dakota will attack the troops of the United States, and considerable reinforcements aro being sent to the Pine Ridge agency. Colonel Cody, who is better known as .' Buffalo Bill," has been ordered to the seat of the troubles. He told an interviewer that the widespread influence of the " Messiah" movement was most ominous. The fanatical Sioux, who are now dancing from sunset to sunrise, believe (he said) they are serving the " Great Spirit." They believe they are celebrating the coming of the " Messiah." There will be trouble unless the dances are stopped. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war. It is stated that supplies are still being given to the Indians, except the ghost-dancers, and at Rose- bud Agency, m Nebraska, it is not thought that there will be any conflict unless the attempt is made to arrest some Indian cattle-stealers. Nearly all the repot ts, however, agree in stating that the troops on the spot are inadequate to repel an attack. According to intelligence received in New York on Nov. 26, from Pine Ridge, au engagement between soldiers and Indians was expected to take place almost immediately. Six hundred Indians» who were said to be on the March from Rosebud to Pine Ridge, are stated to have plundered houses deserted by the settlers, and to have killed all the cattle they came across. Fully 7000 armed with Winchesters are reported to have assembled at Cherry Creek. On the other hand, it is stated that the Secretary for War at Washington has received news that the Indians on the Cheyenne liiver have abandoned their ghost dances, and have come in for rations, and that the latest indications at Fine Ridge of the intentions of the Indians also appear to be more reassuring. Conflicting reports have been received from Dakota, Montana, and Arizona respecting the fer- ment existing among the Indians. From MiBsoula, in Montana, it is reported that a fierce battle has been fought between the Indians and the troops, although the truth of the report is doubted. Un- easiness still exists in Dakota, and General Mizner is said to have declared that if fighting once begins 100,000 troops will be needed to conquer the Indians, who would have to be annihilated. Buffalo Bill has been ordered to the seat of the Indian trouble. He started on November 23, his destination being Nebraska. The State militia is said to be ready for service at an hour's notice. The Sioux nation numbers nearly 30,000 mem- bers, and is the most powerful tribe of Indians in North America. Twenty-eight years ago the Sioux broke out and massacred the white settlers of Minnesota, where they were then located. Sub- dued, they ¡vere removed to their present reserva- tions in Dakota. But they were again in conflict with the United States troops in 1875 and 1876. The warlike agitation among the Sioux of Dakota proceeds from quite an exceptional canse, if the American telegrams tell the whole truth. Pre- vious risings have generally been due to short- ness of rations, and so many charges of malversa- tion have been proved in former times against the agents appointed by the American Government to look after the welfare of the Indians that (says the Times) a suspicion is apt to arise that the offending tribes have not received fair treatment. But the cause of the disquiet in the present case appears to be that the Sioux are possessed with the idea that a Messiah is about to appear, who will exterminate the white man. He has failed to make his appearance this month, as the prophets had announced. But the warlike ardour of the Sioux, having once been aroused, is not disposed to be exacting over trifles, and is quite satisfied with the explanation that the event has been postponed for the present. The New York Tribune Bays : No class of savages is more widely imaginative than the American Indian, and none is capable of wilder work under the influence of religious delusion. These facts are particularly true of the Sioux, and although this new dream of conquest is not con- fined to the Dakota tribes, it seems to have originated among them-, and is receiving its greatest power for harm from their belief in it. They are not only by far the most numerons body of wild Indians now living, but they are the bravest, the cruelest, the most fanatical, and the least tractable. They have the best leaders and the largest resources. They are, of all, the most devoted to their tribal customs. They are proud of their history, loyal to their traditions, and faithful to their chief men. A large body of them is still wild, implacable, and vicious. The Indians composing it rarely appear at the agencies, and cling tenaciously to their bar- barous waye. They entertain a vast contempt for the white man's civilisation, and keep their minds ever dwelling on the time when the Indian will again be supreme on the soil of which they con- sider he has been despoiled only as a punishment of the Almighty. The " Coming of the Ghosts" is not a strange idea to the Indian mind. In one form or another it is a common superstition, and, although large sections of every tribe have seemed, from time to time, to grow weaker in the faith they put in it, there is no doubt that con- certed action on the part of their chiefs and medicine mm might easily revive it. Fortunately, the red man haB only a feeble talent for organisation. Men like Joseph, the Nez Perces able to direct large bodies of savages and to com- pel obedience to bis will, are exceedingly rare, and when they have developed in the past our great Christian Government has generally succeeded in bribing them before they did much harm. But it is almost impossible to eradicate superstition from the mind of an Indian, and it is astonishing what silly things ho will accept, and what preposterous folly he will commit, under its evil influence. In many cases no amount of education suffices to break its spell, and Indians who have been taught in Eastern schools and have become familiar with the life of great cities have thereatter taken the most conspicuous parts in fanatical disturbances. Johnston, who murdered his wife and family at Ballarat, has again taken a turn for the worse, and is in a very low state. He is unable to take sus- tenance of any kind owing apparently to ulcérations ; Í the throat. Dr. Jordan is of opinion that John- ston is passing through a crisis which will 'early eventuate in death or bodily recovery. Johnston appears unconscious to all surroundings, and i» gain paralysed in the lower extremities. 