PROADBBIATS NEW YOliK LETTER. 'For several.yeara past there has been an honest effort on the part of the moat influen tial theatrical managers in all of our large jities to raise the character of the theatre to such a standard that the strictest churchman could reasonably bike no exceptions to it. That this can be done is beyond all question. During the management of the Madison squaro Theatre by the Mallories, clergymen and their families were nightly seen in the boxes and later on at the same place Mr. Palmer has so catered to the public taste as to earn commendation from those it ho on prin ciple were opposed to theatrical performances, and the same may be said of manager Edwin Rnowles , of the Ampliion Academy in Brooklyn! " The Old Homestead" might hive been played in a Presbyterian meeting house before John Knox and a congregation of Scotcli Covenanters, ,md;until Uncle Josh Whitcombe began to dance it would never have occurred to them that they were looking on a profane show. Seeing that many of the best niid moral plays have also been the most profitable, it seems astonishing that there should be a class of managers who should seek a living by prostituting a noble pro fession which it should be their pride and glory to exalt. The corruption commenced years ago when we began to transplant poisonous Frcnch exotics to the , American stiige, and. our people acquired a .diseased appetite and a vitiated taste, which like the gamey flavor that ^delights the palate of the gourmand is the loathsome tesub ofrotteness and decay. : Fathers and mothers took their \- ^nd da'ughters'to \veep over the woes :of • ' -tezan> and' in their hearts con inefEible •.ruin - atld tUs^L'aCi!, uuu. •k much to'cfeniot'ailiiid.usi but Safdou Ims- Vpn-, tured oh lleighfcs^ that Dutiias HcVef d/it'ed to tread. In ail iiiyexpedptitie I lie* er heafd SUcti | general cohcleitihation of iihf jji&jf; aS followed the pr0ddcfci^ 0f,iM¥o§ca:ny frHiiiiy ttotfeii; port. As originally' jjrestintgd tlie pieSS wtiS a shock tjitft prodticed a iiiOst iiiiligriiiiifc jiro tcst fi'ottl tllri public; and the press ; tut strange . to rehitti;, whfen a portion of the public understood that fhe pieco was abso lutely immoral and indecent, thby crowded the theatre for thirty nights, and tiie mana ger found .< Salvo for his' conscience Inl'the golden eagles that filled liis treasury, ;.Then came tho " Clemenceau case:" 'The story is simple enough, and as originally produced here, not .particularly harmful, ..but, a., Miss. Sybil, Johnson, who'took thd " principal part at the.Standard Theatro thought; she .would give her! patrons a treaty and' in the model scene in tlnrartist's studio; appeared in the ' costume of the Greet Slave, minus the chains. Before the audienco had.time to realize what they had,scen;.tho curtain bad - fallen, and the majorityef them felt as if they had been fooling with one of Edison's electric motors. As soon as it was noised abroad that the piece was so indecent that it was liable to be suppressed by the authorities, all the gamblers, rogues and bald-headed old sinners in town rushed to see it. Boston very , properly sat down on it, an^ now I believe it is.Barnstorming in tho west, running the gauntlet botween unpaid hotel bills and Police Court warrants with fair chances of the work; house or the penitentiary. ■' i Two weeks ago, at tho Union Square, a piece was produced with the suggestive title of ' Thou Shalt Not.' 1 WhatVin a name?! said Shakespeare. There was a greit deal in this name, and after the first ' night's perr fornwhce there was a general proclamation through the pross that; the. piece was off color. Then caino the rush. It ;vas so shocking that a party of respectable citizens waited bn the mayor and requesto'd him to suppress it. He did so, and Mr. J. M. Hill, . tho managor, who was absent in the West at the time,.heard of the character of the piece and had it taken at once off tho stage. He closed his doors for the rest of the week, though the loss'to him meant many thou sands of dollars. Now comes the Norwegian Ibsen, with ghosts and Sodom, etc., etc.", Bad, worse, worst—vile, viler, vilest. The prurient indecency of Sardou and Dumas is veiled ; if rotten within, it i3 decently clothed ; it is bejeweled and perfumed and flowered, so that it is fair to the eye and dangerously pleasant to the sense. But Ibsen's dramas have no excuse for living ; they should be strangled to death like venomous snakes or killed as savago beasts are killed on sight. I always have enter tained,and enteitain still,a very high opinion of the Norwegians as a people ; they, with the Swedes and Danes, are among the very best of all our emigration. Tliey are moral, healthy, clean, industrious and altogether desirable. But tho .specimen of their drama served up to us at the German theatre here is worse than anything that wo have yet seen in French or English. The general condem nation that has followed the production of these vile plays, proves that there is some conscience and decency left among us, and i? hopeful for a purer and a better drama which shall freo us from native or imported abomi nations. But if there has been an earthquake in the theatres, the churches have not escaped, and that, grave and grand institution the .Epis copal Church has had its peace of mind dis turbed by grave rumblings which have threatened its discipline and seriously shaken its most sacred canons. IE goes without saying that Dr. Rainsford and the Rov. R. Heber Newton are two of the most popular Episcopal clergymen in New York, liacli has his peculiarity, but so far both have contrived to keep out of the meshes of the canon law. Dr. Rainsford has the capacity for work of about a dozen men, and is never tired of doing good. His congregation adore him, the poor of his parish worship him, and no wondsr ; for he labors for them night and day. He can not only preach a good sermon, but he can bring down a mallard duck or a quail at a hundred yards, hook a trout, or clear a five-barred gate, as well as any professional in the land. In addition to his other accomplishments, he is said to be haiuty with the gloves and tho foils, and is indeed a most admirable christian gentleman, 'sans peur et sans reproche.' Dr. Newton is of altogether a different cast ; a scholarly, dignified priest, having a high conception of his calling, and an independence of thought which at times has brought him to tho dangerous verge of spiritual condemnation. Dr. Newton is a very brilliant man, deeply read, and thoroughly swayed by his con victions. No fear of personal consequences influence him for a moment; for he has the temper that could have stood beside Servitus at.Geneva, or John Huss in tho marketplace of Constance, and died without flinching if he imagined himself in the right. In the Lenteri season just p.ist, these two priests have boon guilty of a very sorion3 crime. It appears they invited miYiistets of other de nominations to address their congregations sn various moral subjects. It is^ not pre tended that the ministers so invited" were not very goocf nft'iisters, and that the sermons they delivered we?c not most excellent dis courses, but they wefe rtot in tho regular lino' of Apostolie'suceession, consequently they were heretics; and being heretics their place was among tho heretical goats Atod' not on the side of the Episcopal sheep, Potter WS3 appealed to, and although a ni.**^ rigid! churchman it did not seem to him that any ono Was- seriously hurt, and he let it severely iilobe: In this course he was sus tained by the grcast body of our city clergy, biit : tliis ' did not suit « few of the ancient fcs.'is who don't. believe with our coloured brothel1 Jasper down in V irginia, * l)at de sun do mW;' A few of these mischief i!inking busybodJfi.y got up a petition to the Bishop to. investig^' tho contumacy of Doctors Rrtiiisford anu ScWfcon. It was understood by oVbTJ signer Jwaf the matter Was strictly private aria intended for 110 eyes but those of Bishop Potter. InsfceiUi Of Keep ing'the sacred promise of secrecy giVttw to their brother churchmen, these worthy r£' pres'efi'triti^Cs of Ananias gave the whole thing to th'j ''f 5?ew York World," and on the list were the tiniritn- of dozens of clergy men who had not even sfc'eft the petition. No pne imagines that Dr. Kai'ns/bftt of the Rev. ii. Heber Newton will be hurt t>y the dis covery. It was a scandalous a flair all tiVfialgb and can onlyreflect disgrace onche originn?oi's of tho plot to humiliate two worthy clcrgy iueft. In nil the low concert saloons and disreput able places of tfmusement in this city is a burly looking individual called the Bouncer. His business is to get rid of disagreeable and troublesome customers, and lie does it in the shortest possible way. He is gerr;e?ally a re tired prize-fighter or a State prison g?adnate, his nose is a standing advertisement ei the excellence of the liquors retailed at the l»r where he is one of the most constant con sumers. Theatres and hotels have their bouncers, but they are not known' by that name. In these two lather positions they are recognized as officers of the law, iitfd in the case .of first-class hotels like the Hoffiuan House they are worth several thousand per year. About the office, bar or cafe of the .Hoffman may be seen afc almost any hour of tlioday or night, a small sized, quiet, little gentlemanly manj'who' appears to have no particular business. He moves about from place to place without any apparent motive,' and from the manner in which he recognizes everybody, you conclude that he has a very' general acquaintance; suddenly a low hist ltr heard from tho office and the little man has disappeared like a Hash. A well-known crook handsomely dressed hns entered the bar-room and ordered refreshments; instantly the little man is by his side, he whispers in the crook's ear, the crook' turns and looks at him and says,. '.Oh, yes, certainly !' and strolls leisurely ^towards the 25 street door. Ho says, tii, ta, and the little man says so- long, and the scene is ended.- There is no ntiise, no bluster, no blows, it is merely the meet-, ing of two gentlemen; who understand each other, and that's all. Who is the little man? Oh, I fdt'get to tell you that he is BillyUd ' wjirds who twenty years ago was the "chaiB pipnligtyf weight of America, and who lias long as ho remained in the prize ring Wfia never beaten:by n. man .of his class. Oh, no, no. don't fight now. He is the commissioner ofjtlfe-peace for fhe 'Hoffmah. ' He numbers as lils|ri6pd'8..^att'th'^^'l»nkoc8 and, brokers j iiijtpwri, andiis.as nice a little gentleman as you. would meet in auday's walk. .At the same time don't {jet drunk-nnd raise a dis turbance in Hoffman's when he is about. Why? 'Well,no'matter, "but don't. ' j(. Lasts ..week we had. a, now, ievelalirm in .bouncers which haslsefc; the town talking. •There is a cortain Brother Merritt on the west side, q£ town who is.a heavy' weight on revivals. Brother Merritt is an undertaker and a pillar.of strength, as well as beauty in Methodist Ghurch. Brother Merritt 'Grant' bbscquies, and since, l 1n'"ed down with ineffable ^ !^ t™;mnn,.^crtakcrs. Some HGtfrn on all mefe cmiitaon xi*- , f, „,.n. of the riictefc brilliant articles ill" i-- '-_n iiHd Shrotid' aso said to lirtVG irttlfiiirtttjcl liis p'erii iifid he'is filtogiitlier a mail <»f sub stance and pdvtU. Mb is uo~W iaiulucti'iig a revival 011 tlio west side,rtfld the ground is fallow the harvest has not beett gffcfib The biijk of. the converts scom to turn up jUat h& coffee.'and calces are served iu, the base ment of the church, and a nickel,or a ten Cent piece to get afi eyo oponer. in the morn ing is found more effectual itt deeurin# con .v^te, thp.n7an exhortation or a" m6f Si tract. .Last; week-when tho revival was at its height' a man entered and disturbed the meeting. ■One of the deacons approachcd and requested liim to desist. The intruder gave the deacon to understand .. that if he would come out on the sidewalk lie would do him up in two shakes of a lamb's tail. The deacon did not go,but he had'ambng tho late converts a man of tried'experience in' the P.U. He took the deacon's,place,and in less time than it takes to tell the:story the'unconverted sinner lay on the sidewalk with both eyes in mourning, his nose broken,arid" one-half of his left ear gone, for the" convert brother had .shewed it off. If my msmory serves ne right Peter clipped off .a; fellow's ear. ,in a scrimmage. I merely mention this to show that there is nothinc nfew under; thasun; ; AVe'arc pretty much j5bp same as we jvere 2t,00Q years ago. Brother Meri;itfc lias had'first-class,order in his revival ever since. 'Yours truly ■ BROADBRIM. 