THE YARRANGOBIILY CAVES. (By Telemachus in the Argus.) The Yarrangobilly caves are sixteen or seventeen miles out from Kiandra, easy enough to be done on horseback, or, with care and a good pilot, by buggy ; only indeed, a very easy and charming day's coaching (so far as the prospect goes) from the New South Wales railway at Cooma. For the first ten miles of our journey we ride over rolling grassy downs, boul- der-strewn, and very lightly stocked. Cattle bred up here, they tell us, will, fatten indeed we see evidence enough of that in the magnificent beef \- but if bred elsewhere, they will but languish, linger, and die, despite the plentiful grass. Some mobs of shep- herded sheep look well enough, and our genial and talkative guide finds topics enough of interest. George Harris by name, he was bred in these parts, knows every valley and mountain-head, has trapped dingos and hunted wild horses and cattle from boyhood, fossicked for gold in the most inacessible ravines of the hills, and always, while living a wild free life, managed to keep a few good horses and a few odd ounces of gold for a stand-by. We descended through the wood- land, we wound awhile along a narrow grassy valley, and came at length to human habitations of the most com- monplace sort. New wooden cottages of the neatest, squarest type, built by government for the caretaker and the accommodation, of occasional visitors. A few steps further, and the bared mountain side appears with the great cave entrance. Nothing so grand, so awe-inspiring, so eerie here, as in the great entrance-halls of the better known caves of Jenolan — the Devil's Coachhouse with mighty dome, and floor strewn with black marble blocks, or the great Cathedral entrance with high domed roof. And yet a speci- men of nature's architecture, and of no mean or puny sort. The entrance is by two great Norman arches, hewn by hands it might be imagined, out of the solid limestone. 'Twixt them, the earth roof is pierced, and a flood of light streams down on a moist rock floor, covered partly with pale and delicate ferns. Looking into the arches one sees, first, great shadowy ghost-like forms, becoming vague and mysterious even in a near distance. They are the stalactites and stalag- mites, and all the strange and beauti- ful forms the decomposed but recom- posing limestone assumes in the caverned bed of the old river. The mysterious naturally or usually attracts one even more keenly than the beauti- ful, and therefore, perhaps, the eye seeks first into these dim recesses. But in a little while a more careful look around wins enthusiastic appreci- ation of the beauties of the clothing, as of the form of the porch, of one of God's own houses. The painting is of the rare pale pinks and reds, borne down by metallic solutions, the draperies of tender and very pale green fern. The little ferns creep and cling bere and there, wherever they may obtain their fairy foothold ; they are out of the reach of all sacrilegious human hands, and the birds of the air, we know, will never touch them. We. should, not expect anything living to have dwelt within such a tenderly draped porch, and indeed we speedily find evidence that the only living creature to make to itself permanent abode here was one of those who in Australia claim supremacy in beauty, and with reason. A tall white pillar stands out well in the daylight, and in a little projecting ledge of its front, a lyre-bird builded her nest. The nest is forsaken, of course, since human occupation began, and 'tis difficult to understand how all the hands of all the Vandals who have since, entered the caves did, not harry it stick by stick and feather by feather, and bear away its fragments. There sat, there brooded the lyre-bird, alone in this weird and beautiful solitude, and its nest now remains strange as that of 'Golondrina,' of which the Emperor Charles. 'Bade vary curtly, leave it standing,' though fixed to his siege tent before the old frontier town of Flanders. Leave it standing still.' It is very appropriate, very seemly ; leave it and enter in. Then with the magnesium light reveal all the glory and the spoliation of these marvellous caves. The one is as apparent as the other, alas! Bound and round flashes the light on spire and pinnacle and pen- dant, on the delicate shawl forms which hang us tapestry of marble and alabaster from the roof, on glittering spicule and fairy forms, which seem woven of purest crystal, on more and more varied ornamentation than glori- fies any old gothic cathedral. And through it all you detect the wanton destruction and the trail, as its seems, of the filthy human finger. ' Shawls,' whose weaving may have required all the years of English civilisation, are rudely broken away, caps and tips are broken from pinnacle and pendant, great columns are bruised and broken, and worse than all, on the most deli- cate and susceptible of the surfaces, records are made in six-inch long charcoal stains, or smoke letters from the candles. The very great propor- tion of the very few hundreds who have visited here must have indulged in this deseration and pollution. It is a happy fate which left only the outer courts of these halls exposed. When, following our guide, we enter a little farther in, the effect of a useful restraining power becomes evident. The light flashes round on more and more undefiled forms. And very curious, very marvellous they are. There is a soft brown tint on some of the larger forms, which I think is peculiar to these caves. I at least do not remember it amongst all the terra-cottas, salmons, apricots, greens, and varying shades of reds at Jenolan. And indeed there is little doubt that much which is peculiar and wonderful as beautiful and strange, will by and by be discovered here. We walk, climb, creep, crawl through at least a mile of galleries and caverns, in the two open caves; we see in the strange light the infinite variety of beauty of colour and of form. We miss a good deal of the vastness and consequent grandeur which characterises Jenolan, but then it requires but a glance around to know that exploration is but at its beginning. For five and-twenty years, the inde- fatigable Jerry Wilson has laboured at Jenolan, and before his day large parties used to journey out from the old settled and thickly-populated dis- tricts. The outer chambers indeed were the bushrangers' lairs in very early times. But here the lyrebird nest seems to say, few have come till, recent days, and certainly it may be said there has yet been no practical and scientific system of exploring. The formation is very similar to that of Jenolan - the long limestone spur, evidently honeycombed by the river, and containing within its bulk vaults innumerable and marvellously adorned. One of these,a new cave, was opened put a few weeks ago, a marvel- lously great chamber, and strange and beautiful as vast. Wisely it has been closed against any further invasion till thoroughly surveyed and placed under adequate control. And, walking or climbing over the square miles of surface, unmistakable evidences of many another cave is found. The foot strikes often on the rock-roof of some gigantic vault; a stream of water disappears, but listening you may hear it, streaming and echoing along a great subterranean passage. Currents of air are driven out through rock fissures. Everything points in deed to another city of the Gnomes, in a future day to be all opened and revealed. Nor does the delight and oppor- tunity of the place depend on the caves alone. There is first the climate, the 6000ft. of altitude, easily accessible for residence, giving assur- ance all summer, long of cool days, cold nights, riding, walking, climbing weather, indeed, in which the prostra- tion of weariness so familiar on the lowlands will be utterly unknown. Objects of external beauty also, no less than in the dark mysterious gnomeland, are all around. Let us now climb up again to the heights, and overlook all this wonder- ful land, and endeavour to arrive at an understanding as to what should be done for its proper development. The cottages in the hollow I regard as a mistake. The same has been made at Jenolan, where the cave- house is set in a pit, hot and ill- drained, and thoroughly inconvenient, There is more of both room and op- portunity here ; but when all is said, the pit of the gorge is a mistake. Do we not see as we wind up the Glory- hole some evidence of planting on a very bold spur of a mountain, a good hill in itself, in fact, with abundant flat or accessible country about, for garden or orchard ground ? It looks right up the river ; it stands out bold in the sunshine and the breeze. That is the situation for the great hotel of The Caves, for one great sanatorium of Australia. It has already been fixed as a home site ; it is therefore accessible. With a little side cutting, indeed, a coach and four could sweep right about it. And that hill-point is not more than seventy miles from Cooma, and, as I hear, less than fifty from Tumut. Cooma is a railway station, and there is nothing to render a ten-hours' coach journey difficult even with the road in its present con- dition. Start at eight from the railway-station, spell for an hour at Adaminaby, a bright, pleasant little village on the road, and arrive at six or a half-hour later. It is but a pic- nic, or a pleasure trip, even for women and children. There can be no doubt of the service a really good well-kept hotel would render there, and Tasma- nian and New Zealand experiences seem to indicate that it would pay. Our folks cross the water to the little island by thousands a week in the summertime, and there is as much change, health, beauty, novelty in all sorts neglected at Yarrangobilly as in any district of Tasmania. The Farmers in Victoria. — The last branch of the Victorian Farmers Protection Association bas ' solemnly decreed its own dissolution.' The progress of disintegration among the various branches had been going on for some time past. Branch after branch had thrown up its attachment to protectionist principles, and not one now remains faithful to the false creed . tbat had promised, eo muoh for the farmers and done so little. The Minyip branch was the last to bold out. At the meeting at which it was resolved to dissolve, it was declared by the various speakers that proteotion ' bad been weighed in the balance .and fouud wanting; tbat it had put a tax. on all artioleB required by tbe farmers, and had given them nothing in -re- turn. The farmers of Victoria have thus been convinced of the fallacy of jha xeatriptive^priiuiple, not by one theories nor the 'argument*) of free-trade orators, but by tbeoonvino- ing teaching of experience; and - ex peridnee, after all, is man's most in-w fallible guide.— Eveaing Newa. . Valuable Metal. — Platinuib,, phioh has recently risen in value 'tb a/ prioendarly equal1 to that of £old, was originally discovered at two places 'in' South America — in Veneznela !a!nd at BarbacoaB. ' At the present 'time. it.1 is' ' obtained chiefly from the Ural Mbuin- ' ' taind and the United States. It id' a, . ' most useful' metal, being largely in1 ' demand in' obemicaV operations' and-lb electric lighting, and tbe 'gieat exten sion of the latter has been tbe cause, of ftd reoent doubling ih price. Plati num: i8 tbe heaviest body;in 'nitons,'- a'nd 'one of tbe hardest,' irnqt the ire#;! hatd est, of metals . ' In th'd masB it ''is! lustrous white; but it may lie so'fitidly : divided' that its bontiguoud' 'particlbs ' can no longer reflect bacV. the ligbt' to ' - the Pbserver, and itthen appeard in the.' '! ; form of a powder as' bladk-as'sppt, in which condition it is oommonljy kiiovrti - ; 1 as spongy platinum: Platinum ' can' ' ' he'dr&wn; out ibto Vire not morethah ^ three' - thousand th' of an inoh in1' thickness, and Dr. Wollaston, :thbi: discoverer 'of the rare metal, palla'' ' dium, proobred some only an' 18,000th ' ; . ; of an inch thick. ' ?' ?. ' ; ' * Applicant : ' So you think Ihavn't sufficient .'grounds to obtain a drvqrcd' '/ ' [ from my. wife?' .Lawvgr: 'I'ln ;',1 afraidnot.' App1iqant{,.4rat.ho^a!m ' /'You might die.' t;'~[ 