" PERSONAL Air. Bosiato has been orcated a knight — by tho Argus. - H.M.S. Cordelia, Captain Grenfeli, now serving on tho Auatraliau station, will shortly bo recalled. Rudyard Kipling "fetches the gushing young lndios of tho Austral Salon. See Kipling and die Tea Kipling and— ahem. Tho Lord Mayor's procession this year had a distinctly Welsh coloring, out'of compliment to tho place of birth of tho Lord Mayor elect. The Archbishop of Cantcrhnry has conferred upon Cauon Barlow, tho new Bishop of North Queensland, tho rare dignity of a Lambeth Doctor of Divinity. Mr. Balfour's nomination to the leadership of the House, of Commons is considered to be worth 25 scats to the Conservative party at tho gencial election. The Gorman Emperor will repeat his visit to England next summer.' It is behoved that his Majesty mny be inclined to accept a full State reception ou that occasion. The Hungarian painter Munkaczy is at present in Hungary on the look out for a subject for the largo pioturo he hi to paint for tho new Parlia ment House in Budapest. When tho Parkes Ministry resigned iu New, South Wales, tho London Times announced the information under the heading,, in large letters, , "Resignation of the Melbourne Government." ' Mark Twain is making a tour upon Frenoh rivers io a canoe, and has arrived at Lyons from Aix-lcs-Bains. Ho is accompanied by a courier, , a servant and a pilot, and is iu excellent health. . : Mr. Stanley receives the biggest sum ever- paid io a lecturer in the Antipodes. The agree ment oontaina a heavy forfeiture clause, which, will be operative if necessary against tho explorer. Mr. Henry Tudor Parnell, the younger brother of the late Irish leader, has been always ' distinguished as a quiet and reserved man, addioted to study, and distinctly Conservative in politics. On 21st Ootober, being the 86th anniversary, of Nelson's victory at Trafalgar, the Royal Navy Club of 1765 and 1785 held their annual dinner to -commemorate the battles of Trafalgar and' Camperdown. Lord Onslow is returning homo, it is sug gested to counteract the effect of tho position, taken up by Lord Carrington, who is now evi dently bidding for position and place among tlio Home Rulers. The 70th birthday of Professor Virchow, at Berlin, was celebrated infer alia by the presenta tion to htm by Baron von Mueller, of Melbourne, of a now plant dicovered in tropical Australia, and named "Tbo Virohow Plant" . Mrs. Bernard Bcere will make a professional - visit to Australia early next year. Mr. R. F. Cunningham, nu Australian tenor, is being very well received in the provinces. His Thadileiw, in the Bohemian Girl, created quite a furore at Manchester. i Poor Mr. Labertouche. Scribner's Magazine credits the Secretary of Railways with having last year showered among "distinguished visitors" alone as many as 10,000 free passes. Tia hard to bear the sins of others, and still worso to have them so grievously ex- ' aggcrated. In giving his ideas on what constitutes a good staff officer, Sir Frederick Roberts agrees with the old proverb that " an ounce of practice is worth ft ton of theory," and that Napoleons and. Wellingtons aro not modo by poring over books and working out abstruse mathematical problems. Lord Bute has received the gift of the freedom of tho otty of Glasgow. Lord Bute said civio honors ran in his family, for his grandfather and father wero Provosts of Rothesay for 50. , years almost continuously, while ho himself had been elected Mayor of Cardiff. - He had always been faithful to the land of his birtli and never ttifled with his Scottish nationality. Mr. John Wallop, second ion of the late Lord Portsmouth, who for a time belonged to the viceregal mcuAgo in Tasmania, was asked to . offer himself for the vacancy at Sonth Molton caused by the succesiion of bis elder brother, Lotd Lymington, to tho earldom. Mr. Wallop, however, decided to refuse the offer, and the . seat fell into tho hands of tho Gladstonian Liberals. Mr. Louis Brennan, or rather the syndicate of which he is tho representative, bos received the > last instalmcut of £16,000 from the Admiralty for his famous torpedo. The money given to Mr. Brcnnau was far in advance' of that recommended by Sir Andrew Clarke beforo that < officer retired from the Homo Guards, and it is : doubted by many persons whether the Brennan torpedo will ever uo as much as was expected - from It . . - Mr. A. Gordon-Brown, who some, years ago '1 held a position in the Brisbane branch of tho - Commercial Bank of Australia Limited, took a very active part iu quelling the Chinese riots at Icbang on the Yang- tse-Kiang River. Some accounts have it that Mr. Gordon-Brown de- fended tho British Consulate single handed, armed only with his national instrument of musio (the bagpipes). # Other narrations, how ever, grant him a particularly straight carrying rifle. According to the Oamaru ATail, Mr. W. Kitchen, late of Dunedin, is on his way to Vic toria to edit a paper there in tho labor interest. It will be brought out under the auspices of the combined unions, and afterwards merge into a labor paper for the whole of Australia, pub lished by a company whose capital is to amount to £100,000, £10,000 of which will be subscribed by tho shearers alone. Tho inimitable Barlow, whose topical songs aud Blue-tailed Fly, What's to become of poor Billy Barlow, Serious Family, Professor Pepper's Ghost, used to be reeeived with uproarious ap plause night aftor night three or four decades ago, is still in tho flesh. Ho retired from tha stage years ago, and has since given his atten tion to mining speculations and farming iu Qnecnsl&nd.; At present ho is taking advautago of New Zealand's cool climato to avoid Queens land's hot summer and to recover from the effects of a recent illness. Tho Premier of NcwZcaland has no belief in tho threatened withdrawal of capital from the colony, and does not enre if it is withdrawn. If the worst comes to the worst, the only capital which will go will bo that which is touched by the graduation tax. That can only go by process of sale, and so will result in settling population where now tho melancholy, silent "jumbueU" roams at largo. Tho withdrawal of that capital will mean the increaso of population, production and revenue. "Let it go, in the name of Hcavon," said Mr. Ballauco, "wo shall get good value for it. " The office of Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, vacated by Sir Jamva Furgussou's appointment to tho Post Office, has been given to Mr. James William Lowther, M.P. for the Penrith division of Cumberland. Mr. Lowther, who married a daughter of Lord Salisbury's sister, Lady Mildred Borcaford Hopo, must not be confused with tbo Right Hon. James Lowther, the protectionist, aud sometimo Irish Secretary. Mr. Lowther, though only 36, has au exceedingly good Parliamentary record, and a year or two ago was chosen by the Speaker as one of the Deputy Chairmeu of Committees, ft very high honor for so youuc a man. 