THE DOMINICAN NUNS, NORTH ADE LUDE. A NSW CHAPEL. On Sunday week, in the preseace of a lar^o gathering, Archbishop Reynolds blessed and laid the foundation of theChurjh of the Holy Ghost, ia connection with the Dominican Convent, MoIps worth-st-eer, North Adelaide. Among thos^ pre snnt were his Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Very Rev. Dt an. Kennedy, and Very Rev. Atch pn'e3t Nevin. The Archbishop delivered a short but impres sive address. He said the ehap 4 w is dedicated to the Holy Ghost, and was the first in Australia devoted to the perpetua1 adoration of J-su? Ohrict in one messea oacraineiic iuib auu ueeu uueui tha great objects of his life for the la^t th'ity five years. The siintly Archbishop Polling had established the devotion of the perpetual adon tirn of the Bleased Sacrament in New South Walep, but thi-3 was the first chapel specially dedicated to that purpose. He n^k^d tin co operation of those present to h»4p in the good work. As a result of the collpction .£193 was laid on the shon*. The n^w building, which is or Gothic architecture, will comprise a chapal 60 x 28, Banotuary, externs.aad sacriaties. The Iicv. P. Fruwirth, the newly elected General of the Dominicans, is expected in Rom ? almost nnuiediately. He is said to be a remark ably ctaver man. He is of short stature and has keen, penetrating eyes. Poor old Mrs. Parnoll ! For some day3, her servant 3aid, she had a premonition that some ching- was about to happen t) her son. It is a ourioua fact, and perhaps that may have had something to do with her forebodings, that P«r nell's father died at the age of forty-five— ju^ti Pamell's a?e. Mrs. Pdrnell's mother die i at the age of seven ty -five. She, herael£, would be that age on October 17, and she was looking forward to the event \vith many apprehension?. Her lot ia pitiable. The house i&. which oho lives (says rhe New York Hbiiald), the homestead of her diatiuguished father, Admiral Bfcewarb, is fast goiug to rack v-wk ruin. And sl\c} hcreclt'j t?eoms I/O be f riejidless in Hf r -M iisca \ 