*'' . F(JN WITH SHE 2P2OTKES. No. 120. \- ? By The Flaneuk. Last week I spoke of the ' Humoura of the School , room.' This week Zeno sends along a par. illus trative of the 'Dangers of the Figures.' It eeems a Eerious matter too ; for it teUs of an eminent surgeon who said to the wife of a patient, 'lam happy to say we have discovered at last ♦Via /-unaa r.P imnr hiinhp.nrl'fl condition. A small portion of the skull was fractured by tbe injury that deprived him of consciousness a year or more ago, and a splinter has been pressing upon the brain. I have found the fracture, and in a few minutes, with the help of my a?sistancp, tne ? splinter will be removed. You must not be sur . prised, madam,' he continued, 'at anything be may say when he returns to consciousness. It ha3 been maay a long month since the injury happened to him, but you will remember that to him, there has been no lapse of time whatever. If he was interrupted in the course of any reaiark he was making at the time of the accident he will fiaish that remark as soon as the pressure is re moved from his brain.' The surgeon resumed his place at the bedside of the unconscious patient, and the operation proceeded. It was a complete success. Tfte moment the splinter was removed from the man's brain a natural look came into his eye3, and his anxious friends in the room adjoining heard him say in a low, hesitating monotone, ' «===3heu and a half lay an egg and a half in a day and a half, how many eggs will six hens lay in seven, daya r In the way of brain-worriers the follow ing must have been rather a formidable affair when it was first written, and the key was kept carefully locked up by the writer. It is a relic of the stirring times of old, and is headed 'Lines dis tributed by a prisoner on. his way to Fort George,' and the lines are written in the form of a puzzle. If read according to the figures on the right hand, or in the ordinary way, it is loyal, aud might have earned the writer's liberty ; but if read by dodging from figures on the left in first verse to those on right of second verse, it is a very iteat litble rebel effusion indeed. The Kiania Ghost, or the leader of the Mafia Association at Peak Hill may find the notion useful — I. 1 The pomp of court and pride of kings 1 3 I prize above all earthly things, 2 5 I love my country, but the King ' 3 7 Above all men his praise I sing. 4 9 The Royal banners are displayed, 5 11 And may success the standard aid ! 6 II. .2 I fain would banish far from hence 7 4t The rights of man and common senst } 8 6 Confusion to his odioua reign, 9 , 8 That foe to princes, Thomas Payne. 10 10 Defeat and ruin seize the cause 11 12 Of France, it3 liberties and laws. 12 For the rebel rhymeq read thus : — ' The pomp of court and pride of kings I fain, would bauiih far from hence, &c.;' ; For Programme No. 118, the proper solutions are— ? No. 1. — 5 minute3. No. 2.— S IX. No. 3.-6 Ib3. at 3d, 3 Ib3. at lOd, and 3 lbs. at 12d. Correct solutions received from J. J. W., Pad dtngton ; Native ; Mary E. F., Glen Innes ; Zeno ; Alex. W. R., Carcoar; J. J. H., Werria Creek ; Ct J. B , Wheeo (very crodifcabie. Aa you have re leased the Princess, better marry hc-r now and live happy for ever aftorward*. The King and Page will have to skirmish round for a living, however, as monarchy is an almost bankrupt insti tution now); W. W. Redfern ; C. J.. Kiama ; Frank N., Ashfield; Libra ; Kenneth W., Waver ley, and Astra. To-day's sport begin:-! with a 'ringer' from Astra, who says :— -A solid sphere fits closely into the inside of a closed cylindrical box, the height of which is equal to diameter cf cylinder. Having given the radius, of the sphere, write down the expressions for the volume of sphere, the surface of sphere, volume ot the empty space between the Bphere and the cylinder. If the volume of this empty Bpace is 134.04.16 cubic inches, what is the radius of space ? . . No. 2, from C. J., Kiama : — A power of 68 lbs at the rate of 200 feet per minute is applied to pull a weight up an incline plane at the rate of 60 feet per minute. When the plane is 37 feet long and 12 feet high, how much will be the ?weight drawn ? And we cloae rath No. 3, from Native: — The amount of .£1750 for three months ia equivalent to the amount of .£1683$ for sis months. Find the rate pec cent. . ? - ' 