MR A. FOWLER AT THE MEOiANI`CS|i S .INSTITIT§. " The attendance at the Mechanics' Insti- t tite last evening was large, and Mr W A. t Solomon occupied the chair. t Mr Foeler, alluding to personalities which had been indulged in at his last t meeting, said the pirpular to which 1e had 1 referred a? "having beda issued' by tbd Invereek Improvement Aesqsiatjon was the work pfi three "pdlyiduals who arrogated to themselves the name of that body. lie denied the truth of several reports which he stated had been circulated. He was not running with Mr Lotte, and had ^ner:2 to allow his opponents to speak in the room engaged by himself at Invere.k i when he lepfrne that thpy had no othhr p'lice to eet't the eleptors. Proceeding, he 1 said, "When I took my advertisement to the Launceston Examinor I was just leaving the office when I met the editor, who said to me, ' Well, we will give you a fair field, and no favour.' I replied, ' That is all I want.' But you can judge for yourselves whether teat has been accorded me. owy is it that .they pepeotd ,e tp a certain point where I deal with Mr 1jette, and then there is no reference made to the other candidate P And when they come to deal with me in a sub-leader they say, ' He is a candidate who has been generally un derstood as a labour candidate, and as he has stated he is not a labour candidate, where is the • difference between himself gnd either or both of the 'other candidates I' .Gentle men, whoever authorised them to say I was a labour candidate P Did I evade the question when 1 was asked here on Mhonday evening The very first oppor tunity I had of meeting the electors, I was asked the question, and gave them the straightforward answer which I gave you on Monday evening last. Supposing our worthy citizen, Mr William Ritchie, had presented himself to you for your suffrages, I believe there is no man in Tasmania who would stand a ghost of a show against him -ho would rppeijv thp lbollr vote anmost to a man. But would it he fair, then, because he wan supported by the labour vote, to say he was a labour candidate ? If not fair to him, how is it fair to me ?" Mr Fowler then spoke upon a number of matters of public interest, dealing at length with the Chinese question and the Third Judge Bill, contending that the northern members should have made it a sine fua non that the judges should reside in the North. The candidate's views were a fayoqrably rFglivod, aqd a yota of tsanks to the 'hairman concluded the meeting. 