THE REV. MARK GUY PEARSE ON THE POWER OF A GOOD LIFE. On Friday morning the Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, preached at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, the Church being crowded. Air. PEARSE read and expounded two chapters '.from the Acts of the Apostles, saying that the book had no end. The last chapter was not written, but was left for them to take part in. Before beginning his sermon Mr. Pearse thanked those in authority in arranging that the collection should be in aid of the West London Mission, and said that he would give them two appalling facts oonoerning it. They had in London, outside their religious accommodation, a population greater than that of the whole of Australia. Three years ago they commenced the work among 400,000 people where there was 110 Methodist agency whatever. In the three years they had a Church numbering more than 1,500 members, and that was only a small part of the spiritual success which they had had. What touched London touched Australia, and he was sure that the London mission concerned Australia, for it would largely depend on missions such as this whether that surplus population which found its natural outlet in the colonies would be intelligent and respectable or otherwise. Mr. Pearse then took his text from Acts L 8— " Ye*shall receive power after the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto Me. That, said Mr. Pearse, was how Christ was going to restore the kingdom unto himself. He wanted to speak very simply to them. The ministers were going away soon from their labours to their various spheres, and he presumed that most of those present were Christians. At the time the words were spoken there were 120 Christian men and women, poor, simple, and homely—not preachers—very much like they were to-day. Into their hands tbe blessed Master gave the power to restore his kingdom of the world, to himself. What would the English people have done if they had had such 'a work put into their hands ?_ They would atonoe have said-^ " Well require a great deal of money." They could not have done without money. How was it that he found that they of old had a contempt for money 1 A man came to Christ with some £100,000, and Judas looked upon the money with eager eyes. But Christ bid the man to go away, sell his goods, and give to the poor. He (the preacher) would rather throw up Christianity than make such an ado about money. God did not use all his gold to pave heaven's streets, and if it were necessary the angels would fling down the paving stones. No good work of God's stood still for want of money. In the old times they did not go bat in hand to the rich men of their congregation bagging for subscriptions, and the rich man was not made more essential to the Church than the good man. If they desired money they should do as the Christians of old did, namely, go direct to God for it If they were set to do the work they might say, '* We will need a great deal of intellectual power," but he contended that the band of old did not depend on that power. The Lord did not say a word about intellectual power. He (the preacher) would not for a moment say that the Church could do without it, but he would say this— that less trust in intellectual power would be better. There were many splendid notions abroad, and be might give to a poor man some splendid notions respecting the large sum of a million of money. He could tell such a man that with such a sum he oould build a magnificent house, could stock it with fine furniture, keep a large number of servants, and indulge in many other pleasures. But he would say " give him a threepenny-bit to use as he liked. Who wanted the notions? Poor humanity wanted the grip of Christ's hand, and how did they mock the people with their splendid notions. They should not throw the work upon the preacher. Some people were apt to give him the funds and leave the rest to him. Christianity began with the Incarnation—tbe God in man—and had been carried on ever since. With the 120 followers of Christ there was power from on high. They first went among the Romans—men of great strength and authority. They took with them the power of goodness amidst the might of old Rome, and by that power subdued it Herod quailed under John the Baptist, was afraid of Christ when he was brought before hiin, and feared the superior power of Paul. This was all due to the power of goodness, which he was told was getting rare. They must take this power into the market-place and into the office. If they could not as Christians produce honest men and women they should shut up their Churches, let them as lunatic asylums, and send out the ministers to earn bonest livings. If they could not to-day pay 20s. in the pound they Bhould endeavour te do so tomorrow. If they did not do this what did God want of their Christianity? It was a sham. What of their theologies and their faiths if they could not be honest men? There was a time when men oould not be Christians and live. They were Christians and they died. Now they bad to choose between Christianity and business. The Greek was a dreamer, a philosopher. To-day they had the revival of the Greek spirit"; it was an age of enquiry and doubt. And how were they to meet it ? He did not believe much in the power of Christian evidences to save souls. There was but one work of which he knew that was efficacious, and he had occasionally met w'th it bound in cloth in secondhand bookshops. It was " five to six feet of humanity living a Chnst-like life." That was the only evidence of Christianity that people took notice of. Give Christianity goodness, and her victory was sure. Let them now see the influence of those 120 men and women on the barbarian. Caesar found in the City of Rome nearly three-fourths of the people dependent on public support. They did not wait to study political economy ; they did not wait for a patent remedy; but as Christ was their Master they lived a brotherly life. Nobody was looked upon as scum, or with contempt. Every woman was sacred, and every man was dear. He did not care about their Christianity if it was not brotherly. It was then nothing less than anti- Christ If they were to be Christians they must consider their brethren about them. He did not believe in the " smug" Christian, who sought to make his fortune and then tried to find a way to Heaven. Christ did not know such a man, and such a man did not know Christ. He would point out what the power of good had done. In the last century cockfighting andbullbaiting were common, and drunkenness was considered a gentlemanly attribute. Wesley and Whitefield went out into the country and effected a change, but it was not due altogether to their preaching. Here and there a man or woman, converted by their teaching, went to their village living Christian lives, and by force of a good life brought about a better state of society, making their neighbours reflective and meditative. Among the chief sins of the present day were the intense love of gambling, the curse of drunkenness, and an eager haste to be rich. If they were to overcome these sins they must do so by living good lives. They must pledge themselves to Christ, and pray for power from on high. The discourse was most attentively listened to. 