" PORTFOLIO. Every seventh day, if not oftener, the greater number.. of. well- meaning persons in England, thankfully receive from their teachers a benediction couched in these terms:-" The Grace of our-Lord Jesus Christ, and the Love of God, and the fellowship 'of the, Holy Ghost be with you." Now, J do not know precisely what sense is-attached in the English public mind to those ex pressions. But whatl?have to tell you positively is; that the three th?igs do actually exist, and can be known if you care to know them, and possessed if you care to possess them; and another thing exists beside these, of which ?eialready know too much. First, by simply obey ing the orders of the Founder of your religion, all grace, graciousness, or beauty and fervour of gentle life, will be given to you in mind and body, in work and in rest. Secondly, as you know more and more of the created world, you will find that the true will of its Maker is that its creatures should be happy;--that He has made every thing beautiful in its time and its place, and that it is chiefly by the fault of men, when they are allowed the liberty of thwarting His laws, that Creation groans or travails in pain. The Love \- of God exists, and you may see it and live in it if you will. Lastly, a Spirit does actually exist, which teaches the ant her path, the bird her building, and men, in an instinctive. and marvellous way, whatever lovely acts and noble deedsare possibleto them. Withoutit, you can do no good thing. To; the grief of it, you can do many bad ones. In the possession of it is your peacd andyour power. And there is a fourth thing, of which we already know too much. There is an evil spirit whose dominion is in blindness .and in cowardice, as the dominion of the Spirit of Wisdom is in clear sight and in courage. And this blind and cowardly spirit is ever telling you thatevil things f are pardonable, and you shall not die for them ;-and that good things are impossible, and you need not live. for them;-and that Gospel of his is now the loudest that is preached in your Saxon tongue. You will find some day, to your cost, if you believe the first part of it, that it is not true; but you may never, if you believe the"second part of it, find, to your gain, that also untrue; and therefore I pray you with all earnestness to prove and know within your hearts, that - all things lovely and righteous are possible, for those who believe in their possibility, and who determine that, for their part, they will make every'day's work con tribute to them.-.J. Ruski,t. 