Indian Rising. Buffalo Bill's Opinion. Secretary Proctor's Novel Plan A Priest's Interview with the Chiefs A Conflict with Ranchmen Reported. (From the San Francisco Bulletin.) New York, December 2. — The Herald has a despatch from W. F. Cody, at Mandan, Dakota, which says; "I have just arrived from the Sitting Bull and Chief Gall country. When I left yesterday they were still dancing, the men, women, and children. They said they were going to dance all winter or die, and if they did die it would be good medicine, as they would come to life in the spring and would not be cold and hungry this winter. In this part of North Dakota Sitting Bull is a great disturber and prophet. The situation is most critical If it were spring there would be war, and as the Indians are so well armed and mounted, many a home would lay low and many thousands of innocent lives be lost. Troops are arriving and getting in position, thus giving the unprotected settlers more confidence. If General Miles cannot handle this question no other man need try. The Indians are wait ing for the coming of the Messiah. The winter has set in, and if the Messiah does not get a move on himself the snow will blow through his whiskers so rapidly that he will forget to materialise. "W. O. CODY (Buffalo Bill)." Chicago, December 4.— General Miles said this morning he would go in a day or two to direct the military arrangements in the Indian country. The general said he had overwhelm ing evidence that the Indians have been suffer ing for want of food for two years, and one of the principal causes of the dissaffection is this fact. One of the objects of his visit to Washington was to urge the necessity of im mediate relief. An order was sent from the Interior Department to the Indian agents instructing them during the Indian troubles to obey the orders of the military officer command ing the troops in the reservation. PROVIDING FOOD. Washington, December 4.— The Secretary of the Treasury sent to the House a request for the immediate appropriation of 100,000 dollars for the purchase of beef and other provisions for the Sioux Indians. A NOVEL PROPOSITION. Washington, December 6.— Secretary Proc tor has a novel plan for determining the present Indian trouble and for preventing similar diffi culties in the future. The Secretary made an argument before the House Committee on Mili tary Affairs, and proposed the increase of the maximum strength of the army to its former quota of 30,000 men of all arms. If this is done, he said he would immediately enlist two full regiments of Indians, all for the full term of three years, and all to be treated in every respect like the white soldiers. The Indian force would consist of both infantry and artil lery. The Secretary thinks the routine of military life would be agreeable to the Indians and it is believed by the War Department officials that there would be a great rivalry among the Indians to be enlisted. It would also keep the department in closer touch with the Indians, and enable them to be more quickly apprised of any dissatisfaction among the redskins. The members of the Military Committee received the proposition very favourably, and it is thought they will act affirmatively. A PRIEST'S PERILOUS WORK. Pine Ridge Agency, S.C., December 6. — As perilous a mission as a man of God has under taken for many a day, in the interests of avert ing great bloodshed, was completed yesterday, when good Father Jute, tho Catholic priest whom General Brooke requested to go out and talk with the rampantly hostile Indians, re turned to the agency. He was the only white man who might even think of ever making the trip and living to get back. The reverend father was accompanied by Jack Red Cloud, who went by reason of being the widely respected son of the famous chief. Ten miles from the hostile camp they were halted by pickets and conducted to the camp under the cover of Winchesters. A conference followed. There were present: Two Strike, Turning Bear, Short Bull, High Hawk, Crow Dog, Kicking Bear, Eagle Pine, Big Turkey, and High Pipe. Father Jute opened the council by asking the chiefs to state their grievance. The replies were substantially as follow : " We object to the recent census returns made by Lee. His enumeration would not give food sufficient for us to live on. Lee puts us down many less for each tepee than the topee con tains. We shall starve. We will have one big eat before starving time comes. After that, we shall fight our last fight, and the white man shall see more blood and more dead than ever before. Then we will go to the last hunting- ground happy. If the white man did not mean to cheat us out of food the Great Father never would have sent soldiers. There is no need of soldiers if the Great Father intended to be fair with us. " The Great Father has done another wrong. He puts new boundary lino between the Rose- bud and Pine Ridge Agencies that makas many of us leave our homes and give them to others. The Great Father broke an old treaty when he did this. We can no longer believe the Great Father. He says to us : ' Children, you shall never be moved again, unless you want to be moved,' and then he goes right away and moves us. We are done with promises and now we make a promise that we will fight, and the Great Father will find that we must not break our promise " We will now be very plain with you, Christian Father, and tell you another thing, something of which you may have already thought. It is this : We are not coming in now, and will not lay down our rifles, because we are afraid of the consequences. We have done wrong, and we know it. If we stop now we will be punished. The Great Father will seed many of us to his big iron house, to stay many moons. We would die." Father Jute urged them to be peaceable, and explained that the soldiers were not present to harm the Indians, but to protect the agency ; that the rations had been increased, and if they came in, General Brooke would telegraph to Washington and get permission for them to stay on this agency, as they desired. So far as the depredations were concerned, the Father told there they had better stop committing them, and they would be more easily forgiven. Finally he urged the chiefs to come back with him. To this some of the older ones made favourable answer, but the young ones, who were heavily in the majority, said "No." But the old men finally agreed that they would come in to Father Jute's house, four miles north-west of the agency, this morning and there meet General Brooke, and tell him in person just what they had told Father Jute. This brought on a renewal of bitter opposition from the majority. Finally, the young chief cooled off, and Two Strike, addressing Father Jute, said: "Hold your hands up to the Great Spirit and tell us, as though you were about to start on the journey to the last hunting grounds of the red man, whether what you say to us from General Brooke be true, and that we will not be harmed if we come in simply to talk to General Brooke." Father Jute says he complied with the re quest. All the chiefs then extended their hands toward heaven, and with great solemnity promised they would come. THE OSAGES QUIET. Washington, December 6.— A despatch was received to-day which states that the Osage Indians in Indian Territory, who have been indulging in the ghost dances, have stopped dancing, and quiet reigns amongst them. THE CREES. Ottawa, December 6. — The Cree Indians are becoming disaffected, and are showing a strong disposition to join the Sioux on the American side in the Messiah craze. It is stated that some of the Crees have already crossed into United States territory. A SKIRMISH WITH THE RANCHMEN AND A CALL FOR ARMS. Chicago, December 8.— General Miles this morning received a telegram from Buffalo Gap, S.D., saying: "Ranchmen and Indians have had a slight skirmish. The situation is becoming serious, for the settlers are unarmed. Can you send 50 good rifles and ammunition, so that the settlers can defend themselves." The general will leave for the scene of the Indian troubles to-morrow. 