THE PHANTOM TRAIN. Mountain engineers are perhaps the most fearless class of men in the world. Journeys of po perilous a nattre that the blood of an ordi nary man would curdle at the bare thought of one undertaken aio'sneceesfully made by them, and under circumstances of so trying a charas. ter that cn reflection the average man would marvel at. Those men who ride hundreds of miles through the mountains are seldom frightened, but to-day there resides in Denver a man who would not pull a train over Marshall Pass for a cool million, and wb?.he name of .that famous place is mentions " voluntarily. clenches his hsnds and palesvislbly. : Several years ago there was a story circulated that three times a week a phantom train went steaming over the pass, and that ghostly forms could be seen through the car windows, and although the statements in regard to it were incoherent, engineersbegan to regard a certain portion of the traak with suspicion, and usually hugged the rails there as close as possible. One morning a freight "runner" pulled into Green River and informed the operator that he had seen the train, and so earnestly did he plead with the master mechanic that he was given an engine on the Salt Lake division. Other expe riences were related, and it became almost a weekly occurrence that some engineer would report having seen a train of which. the despatcher had no record and could not account for. In nearly every instance the engineers who complained were theose who pulled the night passenger, which reached Green River at 7 o'clock in the morning. One engineer who had twice seen the much talked-of train pulled up out of Salida as white as the snow on the ground, and the followina morning the fireman brought the engine into Green river, the brakeman firing, and the engineer in an insensible condition. He had seen the phantom train, and that wee his last trip on the road, The regular train was then placed in the hands of an old and tried engineer, by the name of Nelson Edwards, who had as a fireman Charles Whitehead. Both men were cool and calculating, well educated and generally con sidered the most fearless men in the employ of the Rio Grande-men who had caught runaway trains on the mountain side without so much as a flush suffusing their cheeks. For nearly two months they were on the train, back and forth every other day, and while the alternating crews had changed several times, they had not as yet seen the mysterious train, the sightof which had been the cause of so many engineers quitting that division. One evening, just at dark, while the fireman was lighting the lamp, the engineer, Edwards, expe-enced a strange feelingcreeping overhim, and as he pulled into the canon the eilence seemed deeper than usual, the night darker and the air cooler. Several times before they reached the grade the "popping" of the safety valve caused him to start. But soon they were winding in and about the labyrinth of small canons and over deep arroyas, andas his trained eye swept the glittering rails ahead he forgot his uneasiness. Engineer seldom speak to their firemen-as a rule they are too busy; the con. stant watching requires that their minds should bs on their work, and to-night Edwards was more like a sphinx than usual, for it was re ported that there was a bridge in danger of going down, and a defective rail in one of the canons, and ever and anon he slakened the speed of his train as a matter of safety. The engineer passed under the snowshed, and the strange roar so peculiar on such occasions followed. While in the shed far away there came the long, warning whistles of an ap proaching train. Edwards remarked to his fireman that No. S was following too close. Again when about five miles farther on. he re lt short inter ? the signal was' heard coming rapidly nearer. "It must be a wild train," Whitehead grumbled, as the engineer reached for the rope and gave two short, sharp whistles only to hear the long, dangerous answers. Again in a snowshed, it occurred to him that he had to "saw by" an east-bound freight at the next switch, 25 miles further up the mountain5 and as he left the shed the bell sounded three times, and he brought his train to a standstill as qmuickly as possible. He could hear the doleful sound of the followers, and the piston rods travelled back and forth in the cylinders in the crisp night air, but a sound more ominous than that was the long-drawn whistles of the engine that was so rapidly overhauling him. The con. ductor ran forward at this juncture, and asked: " What did you stop for?" " What did you pull the bell-cord for ?" re joined Edwards. "You're crazy," the conductor esaid. "Now, pull her wide open and light out for the switches, because we've got to pass No. 19 there, and besides, there's a wild train a-climb ing up on us. D'ye hear?" Edwards drew back the lever with a strange feeling. He opened the throttle, the wheels slipped on the steel rails, but as they caught the sand, the long, heavy train began to move forward slowly. Roth 'men in the cab could hear the sand grind beneath the enormous weight of the engine. The train increased in momentum as it moved forward, and in about five minutes was running as'fast as practicable on that portion of the road. The following train was approaching nearer and nearer. Again the short series of warning whistles was heard, which Edwards answered, but only to hear the wild train give the danger signal again. He lookedoutof the window as he was rounding a curve and noticed the other train rapidly approaching. Cold beads of sweat stood out on his forehead ts he pulled the throttle wide open. Faster and faster the speed of the train increased, and more dan' gerous was the track. They were now it the very worst portion of the pass, where the snow banks were the most treacherous, and just in this part of the track was where the broken rail was relort.d. Every time the engine struck a curve it seemed as though it was im possible for the sinmall flanges to hold the engine to the rails. The cars were rocking. violently. The passengers were rudely awakened from their slumbers ny the train striking a snowdrift. Te iospeed of the train was so great that the train broke the drift easily and was soon roaring through a snowshed. How the fire man laboured. Ills shirt was wet with perspi ration, for the hungry furnace consumed the coal so quickly that the stack belched fire. The passengers having been warned of the impending danger, haddressed themselves. The women were wringing their hands in despair, strong men were trembling, end the thought of every person on the train -was of the man whose hand rested on the throttle of the engine ahead. Would the rear train dash into the coaches and kill all the passengers? Who was their engineer? Wase he competent? Was the engineer in the rear train mad ? The cur tains were all thrown up, a few daring men clung on the platform and glanced anxiously back. The conductor started 'suddenly as he caught a glimpse of the driving wheels of the reartraen. They were fully ten inches larger than those on thea engine ahead. With hand tightly clinched on the throttle Edwards's eye rigidly swept the track. Ale .was a good engineer, for even under that awful strain he had the presenco of mind to shut off his steam in order to save is when running down grade without bralke presuare, and never once while running did he allow powerto take the place of speed, a fault of most .engmineers under excile meat. At this time theanow.began to descend, and in the peculiar light that settles on earth, caused by the snow, Edwards saw something in a backward glance he took that made his blood freeze, and almost caused his heart to cease beating. On the top of oneof the cars of the rear train wasa tall white figure of a man gesticulating wildly, while he could see a white -form in the cab. A terrible thought flashed through his miind-the train, the train, the peculiar condition-it was the phantom train. Without further parley, regardless of the broken rail, lie dropped the lever another notch, and then as quickly as possible, but cautiously he opened Sle throttle valve. His trained ear caught ev-erysnund his engine made, and under the intense excitement be once thought he heard the pistons grinding and the axle pound. It would beimpoeeible to pass a broken rail atthe terri€espeed theywere travell ing. Hewas'leadilngthe racebyabout 200yards now, and as his train approached a point where the track reversed and ran Farallel,il eonereed bhimself for the triaL He rosnded the curve afely and started, and was moving- backon the serpentine curve with the rpidity of lightning. As he pssed the other engne hesaw two aex tremely white figures in thee~ab. The -spectre engineer turned a face to him likte doungh, and laughed. The ghostly firemaq geached far the ,crer lad again a series of sehort, while soended. On the train plunged ito the niht, roaring through amow-sheds and s r i 4on bridges that trsmbled beneath the sudden I shock. So fast was the train travelling that the' rush of air could be 'heird?by.: the| paaers. Wherever their wee a ew drift' the train would break through it lie a hais.i sanoe. Faster and faster, for now they are mounting to the highest point of the pa., where the air was coldest, steam was not so plentiful, and soon Edwards had the lever in e the corner and the thrqttle wide open. The greatest speed his engineawas'capable of had been attained, and Edwards could but watch the rails in front of him and keep his hands on the throttle. The phantom train was gaining; he could go no faster, he was helpless. Around i the shelves of high mountains and along the 1 ridge of lofty hills, over deep arroyas, through long sinowsheds the race continued ; the very landscape was closing behind the train like a cloud ; the mountains seemed to recede rapidly, but all the while the spectre train was gaining ground. The wind arose and sighed, sad from the north heavy clouds began to drift, south ward. The pilot struck a slight snow bank and hurled it a hundred feet high. A terrific storm was soon in progress, the furies of which seemed to concentrate on tL. fleeing passenger train. On into the night the I trains swept, spectre and passenger, like bolts of lihtning pursuing one another. through the ky. Edwards sighted asbridge that was reported weak, passed it safely, and having by this time crossed the summit was now on the down grade. Steeper it became, and when one particularly heavy hill was reached, Edwards wasguilty of running the grade without applying the air brakee. Soon he t sihted the switch. No. 19 was not there, and, a omadnesasborn of excitement, he went tearing by like the wind. - Another series of short, sharp whistles and an instant later the engineer saw a red lantern swinging in the right-of-way. He was running, down grade,. I the thought of No. 19 ahead, the mysterious train behind, and a trained mechanic he in a stinetively applied the air. The wheelsstopped i revolving, but the train was still running over II the snowy rails. Far ahead he observed light, f shadowy, fantastic forms, and as the train drew nearer, be saw that they were repairing the track. They were spirits, and the. next d minute flying towards the ghosts on the track, t passed through the crowd of ten or twelve, reached the curve beyond, and Edwards ventured a backward glance. He saw the phantom train run to a broken rail, the engine ran off on to the ties, and one second later the y heavy freight pitched down the embankment; and a moment later vanished. Written in the a frost of the fireman'swindow was thefollowing,. d in a peculior hand: d Yeers agoafrate train was reeked as you n saw-now that yu saw it, we will never make .another run. . The enjine was not ounder a cantrol, and four seuhun men wor killed. If d yu ever ran on this road again yt will be e reeked." It E'ward passed No. 19 at the second switeb, -?reached. Green river. at' G o'clock the next a morning, an hour ahead of. tims, and left the t Rio Grands that day. The following evenisng he went to Salt Lake, and is considered one of s. the most trustworthy men in.their employ. The :e phantom has not been seei since that eventful a night.- Weeklg Balget. t1 