INTERCOLONIAL. Father Brennan, B.A., ono of tho professors of the Holy Ghost College, died at BaHarat on November 29, after a lingering illness. Cardinal Moran says that the latest heresy is that of tho Salvation Army, whose hymnbooks are fall of cant, and contain no reference to the Holy Mother of God. Mr. Sydney Black, tho evangelist of the Church of Christ, who was recently at Sydney, is now in New Zealand, having concluded a successful series of missions in Tasmania. Through tho death of Rev. Dr. Kclynack there will he no public speech day at Ne wing ton College this year. Rev. George Brown will act as president until an official appointment is made, and Mrs. Kelynack will continue to superintend the domestic arrangements. General Booth took his departure by tho 9.15 train from Adelaido ou November 25. A largo crowd of Salvationists and others assembled to bid him farewell. The General proceeded to Largs Bay, where lie joined the Valofcta, s., which immediately left for England. Ho was accompanied on board by" several. Salvation officers and soldiers. He received a tremendous ovation. Professor Gosinan, of Melbourne, who has jnst returned from. England as a delegate to the International Congregational Council, declares that a great deal of useless bosh was forced upon suffering and patient delegates. There were too many delegates and too many papers read. A great difference was noticeable, too, says the professor, in the theological thought of Englishmen, Americans, and Australians. An important meeting to consider the ques tion of a union of the Methodist Churches in South Australia was held in Adelaide the other i night. Some time ago committees were ap pointed by the Wesleyan Methodist, tho Bible Christian, and the Primitive Mothodist Churches, to advance this object. The prin cipal considerations ore questions of doctrine, polity, and trust affairs. Should this anion be effected the strength of the united church would be as follows : Ministers, 151 ; mem bers, 13,484 ; local preachers, 821 ; Sabbath school scholars, 33,839 ; adherents, 7G.719; church88, 528 ; other preaching places, 140. The Christum. Endeavour movement is mak ing good headway in Australia (remarks the Sydney Baity TtUgrapK). A year or so ago the organisation was scarcely known ; to-day there are at least 100 branches in these colonies, and three or four unions. The first annual con ference of the South Australian Union was held in the Stow Congregational Church, Adelaide, a fortnight ago, whenreportswerere oeived from 22 societies, representing 350 active members. A similar union was formed in connection with tho New South "Wales societies at a meeting held in the Pitt street Congregational Church a few days ago. Hie world-wide unkm of these societies represents an active membership of close on a million. Last year 82,500 persons entered into church fellowship through this agency in tho United States alone, where the organisation orig* nated. 