TUE "SCIEJfdÈ" OF TABLE-TUBXHTG. THE LATEST " RESEARCHES " OF THE PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. (From the FM Malt Gazette.) Tho Society for Psychical Research is at lastcomin to closo quarters with tlio pure unadulterated ghos Tolopathy, thought trausfcrcncc, and all manifesto tions, oven "pnantosms of tho living," forwhic natural explanations may ho forthcoming, havo b this timo bccorao a littlo tirosomo. But "who tables do tip in tho oddest way of themselves," whe chairs tako journeys wholly without assistance, an tho furnituro generally becomes unmanageable, w aro in a new region. Lares and Penates havo ro assortod their being in tho most positivo mannoi It is this romaneo of tho furniture which Ml F. W. II. Myers has collected and edited fo tho latest issno of tho Psycldcal Society's pro ceediiigs. Somo may object that it is rather an ol story. Messrs. Sludge, Homo, Slade, and all th others havo prcsontcd tho same " manifestations.' So they havo, but there aro two specialities in Mr Myers's narrativo. Ono is that Mr. Sludge is dechirei out of court, or, to bo moro explicit, " nil psychics marvels occurring in tho presence of a paid medium an oxcludcdfrom tho inquiry." All tho cases narrate! havo occurred in domestic "circles," where tin motives for imposture aro presumably less strong Tho other speciality is that in each case tho object aro alleged to havo moved without contact with onj living being. Thero was no laymg on of hands, 1101 any possibility of muscular action, couscion or unconscious. That, at least, is tho con- clusion which wo are askod to accopt. If it ii true, wo must either supposo a now principio 6; vitality in inanimate things, or tho prosonco of an in- visible spook endowed with muscular action. Mr. Myers's cases aro groupod and classified wit! an appearance of science which is quito botunicul. These classifications arc dear to th--- true psychist; hut as wo write for thc laity, wc may bo allowed te skip thom and go straight to tho stories. Most ol those havo highly respectable authority. Tho first wo will tako is deposed to by tho Rev. 13. T. Vaughan, vicar of Langlobury, lung's Langley. Mr. Vaughan had boon praying by tho bedside of a dying parishioner, and a woman was also in tho room. Mrs. Vaughan was downstairs in thc room below. This, in his own words, iewhathapponed: "As I was saying tho Inst words of tho prayer, wo (tho woman anil myself) distinctly saw a small tablo, which stood about a yurd from tho foot of tho bed, riso two or throe inches from tho ground and como down with a violont thump upon thu floor, so loudly that tho man, who was lying with bis eyes closed, started up and asked with somo terror what had occasioned it. On examining tho tablo I found tbnt n glass with medicino in it, which stood upon the tablo with several othor articles, hud boon so shaken that soino of tho contents were spilt. My first idea was that something bad been thrown down in tho room bolow. On going downstairs nnd inquiring, I found that this was not so ; that they hud all bcou sitting perfectly quiet in tho room, and thought wo had thrown down smoothing in tho bedroom. Thora was no ono oise in tho house. Tho mon died about a week ofter this took placo." The story is confirmed in writing hy Mrs. Vaughan, but it is worth noting that tho occurrcnco took place in ISSI, whorcas Mr. Vaughan's account of it is dated ISSI, or tliroo years later, and Mrs. Vaughan's confirmation comes in 1SSS, or four yours later still. Indeed, it is a peculiarity of many of these narratives that thoy aro put on paper at loast two or throe yours after the event. ' Tho noxt wo will tako is vouched for by Colonel Taylor, of tho Boyal Military Collego, Farnborough, It is a narrativo by ol"" : 18 of what took placo two or threo years earlier iwn home. It is too long to quote in full, and poi ,s of it, as bocomos a school- boy, aro somewhat flippant. Tho hero, or rather tho villain of the piece, was a' round spider-legged ladies' work-tablo about 2ft. in diameter. "Some- timos," wo aro told, " it would bo out- rageous in its behaviour, wallang round tho room, hopping on ono log, getting on chaim, and per- forming many othor curious evolutions. " But this, wo must explain, only happened when there wera hands upon it. Moreover, it waa in " tho dusk of tho winter afternoons," and there was a "younger brother" about. Howovor, tho whole party " firmly behoved in tho good faith of each other and of tho table," and mado up their minds "that tho tablo might movo without any contact with thoir joined hands, if they I could only obtain sufficient influence over it." And j sura enough one night whon tho wholo party were I sitting reading after dinner it did move a good Cin. 1 with a scraping noise along tho floor. Finally it occurred to the narrator that the table might be goaded into moving again if subjected to a < certain amount of indignity, " na it had always prove particularly violent wlion treated in any way uncccc monioushv' So ho picked up a terrier off tho flora and .hole! . it towards tho tablo in a mouacing mannci Ulis lind tho dosirod effect. Tho fabio jumpo towards him, rising off tho ground about six incho: and then collapsed upon tho door. " Soon after this, adds tho historian, " I left hume for school, and don't think anything furthor of tho kind describe took place " Wo should like to havo an interviui with that boy. After this comes a " spocimon of tho boll-ringiu class," wherein it is rolntod that all tho bolls in : certain house rang of their own accord, ns thoy will ii many houses. But thero wero othor manifestation in this house, of which tho following is an cxamplo : " They (tho serrants}' went upstairs to tho top Hoot and w*oro there somo minutes, I suppose, Hary keep ing.close to tho oook all tho timo. When thoy cuni down to tho flrst floor thoy found a chair tha had bo in tho bathroom (is always there},' a fow stop downstairs ; that is, it had got all along tho ¡and ing, about loft., down four steps, round a doubli corner, and down a fow stairs of tho main flight whoro it was loaning backwards on its ' bind Iog3 and rosting on tho stairs abovo it." This is vouched forby Mr. D., " a gontloman ii responsible position," and Mrs. IC, his housekeeper neither of whom appears to havo boon au oyo witness. Howovor, rho attitude of exhaustion ir which tho unfortunate chnirwas found af tor its tor- tuous journey is a truly dramatic touch. Finally,' wo como to üío astonishing narratives oi Profossor Alexandor, of tho University, of Rio dc Janeiro. Those relate to occurrences which took placo iu tho houso of a Mr. and Mrs. Davis at Rio. Iii this caso " tho instruments through which they were ovolvod woro siurplo English cluldrou of 12 ana 0." Tho furnituro was possossod; tho dining-room table would break into tho conversation at toa timo, expressing approval or disapproval of tho eonvorsation with sudden emphasis. In fact, it opted " like a restless living creature, endowed with human intelligence." Another tablo a light three-footed one-was inverted, and tho baby's chair moved backwards and forwards, taking tho baby with it. After this, raps and slate writing and clairvoyance, which also occurred in tho samo houso, sink mto insignificance. Tho phenomena oro duly nttostod in writing by Mr. and Mrs. Davis, as woll ns by Profossor Aloxaudcr, for whoso voracity and good faith Mr. Myors himself goes sponsor. Mr. Myers is well awaro that if these stories woro related of professional mediums they would bo voted fraudulent. But can it bo said that his confidence in tho domestic circle is more sciontiflc ? Thero are some who could o talo uufold about tho frauds which havo. boon practised ovou by simplo childron in t tho most priva to of spiritualistic circles. And, deception apart, tho domestic circlo is spocially favourable to thu growth of myths. Suspicion is disarmod, and tlicro is an unconscious conspiracy to discover marvols and bolster thom with ovidonce. To what lcngtliSvOf croduility tho amateur spiritualist will go, those know well who have soou him at work; It is itnpossiblo to disprove Mr. Myers's cases, or oven to criticiso thom seriously. For that purpose a much greater knowledj: > of tho facts nutt the people would bo required thaa tho narratives nfford. But thoy aro not proved because thoy cannot bo disproved, and the Psychical Society will do well to find modorn in- stances which can be submitted to tho same rigorous tests us havo provod fatal to certain other iniraclesof these latter days. 