THE SIGN OF THE CROSS. 8\. — Sign of the Cross in the Absolution. — 9.— Sign of the Cross in the Benediction. The 7th and 11th Articles charge that the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, in the administration of the Holy Oommnnion on occasions named, " whilst pronouncing the absolution conspici- ously and ceremoniously, having both his hands elevated and looking towards the Con gregation, made with his hand hands, Art 11 the sign of the OroBs, and also that he again in nze manner wnilBt pronouncing tne Benediction in the same service made the sign of the CrosB." In Article 13 it is alleged that this is an " unlawful addition and variation from the form and order prescribed and appointed." The Responsive plea allows (12) " that whilst pronouncing the Absolution he raised hiB right hand and made the sign of the Gross with it looking towards the Congrega tion," and (13) whilst pronoanoing the Bless ing . . made the sign of the Cross with his right hand." The Definition of a ceremony includes this aotion. It is a formal symbolic gesture of religious meaning publicly made by the Minister in his character of Minister, render ing the delivery of language more solemn, and not merely expressing his personal devo tion. The sign of the Cross made on the fore head of a baptized person is described in the Canon (xxx.) as a " ceremony," and again a " lawful outward ceremony." The sign of the Cross made as described in the act of ab solving In the Holy Communion oan be no less an outward ceremony. The point to en quire into is whether it is a lawful one, although not prescribed in the present Com mon Prayer Book or any former edition of it. It cannot be supported by the Canon on the use of the sign of the Cross in Baptism ; the reasons therein given are only in explana tion and recommendation of what is already a Law ob to that service ; and the solemnity lent to the ceremony in that piece by that ex planation is rather evidence againBt its litur gical use unless it were expressly enjoined elsewhere. As a solemn ministerial act this is not a mere continuation of one of those acts of devotion which by the " Explication" at the end of King Edward's First Book -were ex pressly left for a time, and possibly in princi ple, to the discretion of each- person. When it affirmed that " As touohing, kneeling, crossing, holding up of bands, knocking upon the breaBt, and other gestures ; they may be used or left as every man's devotion serveth without blame," it spoke of the acts of private persons. For example, the Minister's " kneeling" is not left to his own devotion, bnt prescribed. Nor is it like the Bowing at the Name of Our Lord, which the Canon, after the Injunc tions of Elizabeth, sanotions on the ground that it is " accustomed," and so makes clear that it is not an infringement of statute. The Minister in this case is affected only as one " of all persons present." The argument that the " Omission of a dir ection iB not a Prohibition" has no meaning except in cases where it is also shown that something has been omitted. To give it force in this case it must appear at the least that this gesture was prescribed in the Eng lish Church up to the time of the Reforma tion, and that her - Bishops and Clergy continued to use it in giving the Absolution or Benediction, as it were traditionally and without correction. Before the very word " omission" becomes applicable or requires to be considered at all, it mnst at least be shown in order to uphold a ceremonial practice in the English Chnrch Service that the practice is one continued from our own earlier services. An observance however widespread, if borrowed and intra- dnced from foreign usages or from a liturgy or rubric unknown to this country, cannot be treated as " omitted." Both before and since the Reformation, English Service Books and their use 1 have been framed on the prinoiple laid down in onr Article xxxiv., " that every particular or national chuich hath authority to ordain, change, and abolish ceremonies or riteB." Two cases of the nse of the Sign of the Cross come under the consideration of the Court. I. First, of making the sign of the Cross in giving the Absolution. It must now be pointed out that -whilst in the Roman service the priest is desired to sign himself, bnt not the people, with the sign of the Cross between what may be called two parts of the Absolution (whioh begin with the words " Miseratur" and " Indnlgen- tiam") we find that \ in the corresponding English Uses, of Sarnm, whioh prevailed before the Reformation over most of Eng land, as also in the uses of York and Here ford, there is no direotion"for even this, as it were private, crossing of himself by the priest — in that which Maskell; supposes to be the use of Bangor-there ib. In none of them is there a ceremonial signing of the people. (Sarum, Burntisland ed., p. 58 ; Maskell, Anc Liturgies, p. 12, Surtees, Hereford, 114, Yorl, vol. i. p. 166.) r If we go so far as to consider sources whioh might conceivably be supposed to have influenced English tradition at one or other period, we still find in the Pontifical of Egbert, in the eighth century, no CrosB at the Absolution in the Liturgy, nor yet at the Absolution of the Sick. In the order Litur gies which our Reformers chiefly consulted, that of S. Ohrysostom and the Mozarabio, in each of whioh there are many such signings, there is' no Gross at the Absolution. ThuB there is no ground to allege that to make the sign of the Cross at the Absolntion in the Communion Service is in any sense's continuance of old prescription in the Obiurch of England, or a complianco with prescrip tion which could historically affect our service. This ceremony is an innovation which must be discontinued. II. Of making the sign of the CroBS in giving the Final Benediction. What was before said as to the sign of the Gross in the service of the Ohurcb being still promised, there are two distinct points to be observed. The first is this (1) Our order for Holy Communion ends with the Rubric " Then the Priest (or Bishop if he be present) shall let them depart with this Blessing," and the form follows which is commonly called the Apostolic Benediction. The words " or bishop if he be present" were introduced in the 8econd Book of Edward YI. The Roman Missal ends with a shorter Benediction ( ' Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost bless you?') whioh is given with the Gross signed thrice |over the people by the celebrant. Bat in England before the Reformation the Eucharistio Office had no Benediction at the end. In the Sarnm Uee the Priest, after re ceiving the elements and ablutions, said the sentence of scripture colled " Commuuio," crossed his forehead, still looking eastward, then turned to the people saying " The Lord be with yon," and again to the altar to say the Post- Communion, prayer, and as before crosBed himself looking eaat. Then he turned to the people and said, "The Lard be with you," whioh was his last_ word. They answered, " And with thy spirit," and were dismissed by the Deacon's saying, " Benedi- camus Domino," or else " Ite Missa Est." There is no analogy between this close of the service and the last blessing of our own. There was in the older English Bervice no final Benediction with the sign of the Cross. (Sarum Miss., Bnrntiel., pp. 628 630 ; MaBkell, Anc. Lit., pp. 136 ff ; Hereford , York, iand Bangar ; cf. Henderson, p. 135.) This is even attested by an abortive attempt to introduce it in 1539 (See Strype, Mem. Hen. 8 c. xlvii. p. 354, Appo. no. cix. p. 289.) Now it is evident that the different Roman Benediction with its triple crossing (whatever the time of its introduction) could not and ought not to have any effect upon ours. It could only be by continuance of an' English Uee that the sign of the Cross over the people conld here be used in concluding onr Servioe, and in Engtand the Service prescribed ho dismissal of the people with that sign. So far there is no justification for using this ceremony. (2) There remains however a second usage which might be alleged in support of the use of the sign of the Cross in Benediotion. There was an ancient special episcopal ceremony of Benediction onoe almost univer sal in the Western Church oalled ' Benediction episcopalis super populum in Missa." The custom had been long dropped in the Church of Rome, but it was continued in the Church of England np to 1549. (Maskell M.R., i. p. exlvii. ed. 3 ; Warren, Leofric M., p. lxiv.) When a Bishop then celebrated in England up to the Reformation there was interposed in the course of the servioe, after the Conse cration, before the eelebrant took the Com munion, a solemn form of Benediotion by the Bishop, whioh consisted genarally of three long sentences varying like the Collect and ending with a fixed clause. Collections of theee prayers formed a separate service book. This Benediotion was pronounced simply with a lifting up of the hand — manu dexter a super populum elevata. There ib no direction in Sarum, York, or Exeter books that he should make the sign of the Gross — none (except on Holy Gross Day) in the ancient Pontifical of Egbert (Surtees, p. 59, 89). See Bar. Man., lxxxii. ; Miss. Btisl,; p. 622 j Surtees. Ycrk, Mis. i., 195, Pont : i. 176 ; Barnes, Exon. P., 4, 152 ; — Bangor1 MS., see Wordsworth, Pont. S. Andr. 75—83). It is directed to be need on other occasions, but not in the Eucharistio Benedictions in England. In the Ohurch of Rome, on the contrary, and in other Foreign Ohurohes where these forms were in use, the 'fixed clause was directed to be pronounced -with crossing ; when they were dropped, a similar fixed clause with crossing was added at the end of the service (See Pont Rom. Venet. ap. Juntas, 1543 (1520), 244). The Book of Leofrio, which has it bo in the time of Edward the Oonfesaor is a Romano Gallic Book (Warren, Leof. M. 63). Roman writers themselves have pointed out that their gesture was not primitive, and that simple lifting of the hand was Soriptural (Durand., iv. 58, 7, referring to Lev. ix. 22 ; Pascal, Liturg. Cath. 153, Migne, 1844), and it may be added in confirmation of this that' St. Augustine, mentioning occasions on whioh the sign was used in public service, does not inclnde Absolution or Benediotion; (loan. Em, Tr. 118, 5.) " . - a v i If, lastly, it is asked whether such crossing may not have been suggested by other .principle sources which contributed to form our Prayer Book, . the answer is that neither the .two more antient liturgies studied by our Reformers, nor the Deliberatio of Herman (C eeno Dni., xovl. B., Bonn, 1545), have any sign of the Cross in their corresponding Benedictions. ;> It has been thought worth while to follow rup this minute detail to make it clear that no argument can lie for the use of crossing in the final Benediction when given by the . Bishop in an English Communion Service, on the ground of its being the continuance, un- prescribed bnt unforbidden, of some earlier appointed usage. The result is that (1) there was no final Benediction ordered with or . without crossing at the end of the pre- Reformation Service in England; and (2) MThe Benediction" which was given in the course of the service by bishops only, and not by presbyters, had in England, so far as can be traced, no crossing in coaneotion with it. : But though it is well to note this second point (2) as an illustration, it its noted ' ex abundatti,' since that special form of blessing has no real relation to any part of our service. It was wholly dropped by the English Church at the Reformation, and a final Bene diction added, just ob had been previously , done by the Roman Church; and our final Benediction is historically no revival of that ceremony, inasmuch as this final Benediction was assigned to the Priest in the First Book . of Edward VI., and only in the Second Book was ordered to be said by the Bishop if he were present, being said by the Priest if he is not. . The Court therefore finds that there is no justification either in direction or usage for making: the eign of the Cross in giving the final Benediction ; that the action is a distinct ceremony, "not retained," since it had not previously existed ; and that therefore it is a ceremony additional to the ceremonies of the Church " according to the use of the Church ' of England." (Title, o. p. b).; The ceremony also is an innovation which must be discontinued. 