RELIGIOUS HYSTERIA. The great particular "lion" at the otherside just now is General Booth, of the Salvation Army, and as it is probable the great " head ccntre" of the most remarkable modern development of Christianity may pay us a visit before his return to England, it may be as well to prepare ourselves for a similar dose of that hysterical commotion which the Melbourne Argus of the 22nd September thus chronicles:— THE SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. Unless it were for the title, and perhaps an,additional infusion of excitement into the proceedings, there was little to distinguish the special holiness convention held yesterday in the Exhibition Building from any other of the meetings of the Salvation Army. The same shouting and singing, the same efflorescence of gesture, the same exhorting and testifying and baud playing, the same utter absence of any fixed order —these were the prevailing features of the convention. And like all the gatherings which have marked the advent oi " General " Booth, it remains a practical impossibility to tell with any certainty when the convention commenced, whether it did or did not continue without pause for the whole of the day, or that, but for the necessity of closing the building, it would ever have left off. Nominally, it should have started yesterday at 3 o'clock, but for at least an hour and a half, and possibly longer before that time) the place was crowded to suffocation point, the sale of tickets was almost discontinued, and the tide of songs, prayers, and exhortations was in full swing. "That "General" Booth came in at 3 o'clock and left again shortly after, was, so far as anybody could see, merely an incident in the history of the convention. The " Generalhad another tremendous reception, and at once the vast audience broke into Psalm 45, ending with the favorite Salvation chorus— Let me, Jesus; let me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Puller know redemption's plan. Fuller know redemption's plan. They sang it possibly half a dozen times, each time with greater strength of lung. But loudly as they chanted they could not satisfy.the "General," who, standing in front of the platform, marked .time with oatstretched arms, abandoning "himself entirely to the excitement of the moment, in striking contrast to his demeanour of the previous two days. This was hot the " General" Booth of Sunday or Saturday. For the first fifhe'the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in his at-ra- Salvationist mood. "Again, again," he shouted. " Let me fuller know redemptions plan ! Sing it 'again, but not ' redemption*—salvation 1 . ' Let hie fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to trust the blessed Christ this evening—if you bUrn to have liiui blot out your guilt—sing it again." And the audience, obedient to-the cry, took up the burden again. "No, no," the "General" cried, "I am not satisfied. Everybody wants to know about Jesus this evening and to have more salvation than they ever had before. If you don't, what did you come here for ? Why else did you leave your business and your shopa P Who could ever have expected that anybody at all would leave their homes on a Monday afternoon. If anybody had said so a month ago you would have said ' Monsense.' Some of you havo travelled miles, and you're going to have something for it, or else you've thrown your fare away, you know, and you'd better go home again and look after your business. You want salvation or you'll never enjoy religion. There was an old woman once* who said, j'What; 3niQ enjoy religion! Why* I never..ki^w what it 'was to bp miserableuntil i^>6t-religion.* Abe reason was she didn't get enough of it. Let's have more of it. ('Amen.') Everybody wants more of salvation. ' So sing ijt again, sing it again, and everybody hold; their, right hand up." They sang again after this, and they sang.it with the loud pedal on, every right arm Extended at length, ~nd every foot in the lull keeping time to the thunder of the big drum. Then says the "General," " Let us all pray/' and as the audience fall on their knees, h6 adds; with a keen glance that< sweeps the building from floor to galleries, "Pray—not look about. The devil always looks at. a. meeting, when it iB praying, and sees how) many are helping him,! and how many are helping Jesus Christ. He takes notice of those that keep their eyes open. Shut your eyes or else he'll put you down in his pocket-book." Then a hymn, "All the way to Calvary," and the ^Geheral," atter reading from St. John, 12tli chap., 23rd verse, plunges into a characteristic address on the Christianity of Christ. " I don't think mneh of people who are not musical and not excitable—they may be vary good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the Salvation Army. (Laughter.) I like a man who can fire up —a man who has got a temper—a good temper though. (Laughter.) . I believe in excitement, and I dolike* to get up the excitement here. ('Hallelujah.') Talk about the excitement of Melbourne—What is it to the excitement of saving souls? ('Glory.') Talk about Eight Hours Day ! I'd like to make it four-and-twenty hours. I'd have an excitement that would shut upthe shops and stop the factories, and close Government House, and put the Governor down to the humblest individual in thestreet. (• Hallelujah.') I'd like to have one great, blessed, glorious excitement that would sweep over everything—(Glory) —and that would take every man and every woman and sweep them away beforeit, away into the Kingdom of God. ('Hallelujah.')" By this time the excitement is nearing its tension point. Women are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men, with the perspiration rolling off their faces, are following every second word with hoarse murmurs of "Bless the Lord," "Glory,"' and the like. The "General" himself has altered the pitch of his voice by half a tone, and is talking now not in the even monotonous drawl of the earlier part of his address, but »vith a rapid and nervous utterance—harsh, almost metallic, in effect. The " General" goes on anew and as ho proceeds the excitement grows more and more intense and the "Hallelujahs" fall thicker and f aster. " Are you a Christian ? Is He the ruling purpose of your life ? If' you have got the spirit of Jesus Christ you are a Christian. Are you a follower of the Bleeding Lamb ? Are you on his side ? Then you can call yourself a Christian. Everybody who thinks so say ' Amen.'"" And the audience unite in one mighty "Amen." " Here is the proof," tho "General" goes on, "in tho Bible—your- Bible. This is not a Salvation Army Bible—yes it is; it is my Bible, blessed thing"—and the "General" presses it affectionately to his bosom. " This is tho Biblethat you read, and swear by, and quarrel over, and which you expect you are going to be judged by on the last great day. This is your Bible, and I ask you to listen to the words that yon knew from childhood. This is what it says:—'The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, although Ho. was rich—a millionaire—yet for our sins He became poor that we through Hi 3 penalty might become rich.' ('Hallelujah.') Hive you got that spirit ? You may be a- member of a church. I believe in being a member of a church—a good member, and a working member and a paying member. You may have got a creed. I belive in a creed—I believe in what I believe in.. (' Hallelujah.') That is my creed. ('Glory.') You may have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have a ceremonial; wo belong to the High Church. (Laughter.) I be- lieve in a ritual and vestments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is on tlie- Lord's side. You may have excitement—I believe in excitement. I do. (' Glory.') Now comes tho climax. The audience have lost all; control over themselves. They hang on- the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the " General," with both hands uplifted, high above his head, goes on—" The time is now. Now, now, now. The time is now for the salvation, for the baptism, for the purifying flame. Burn out anger and envy and temper. ('Yes,') Burn it out. ('Amen.') Everybody who wants it say amen. ('Amen.') Say it again. ('Amen.') All this is going to be. Everybody who> believes it say amen. ('Amen.') And may the blessing of the Father and the Sou and the Holy Ghost be upon every man and woman here." THE PENITENT FORM. Hour after hour the nervous excitement of the afternoon has been steadily worked up. The songs and choruses have passed by, the collection has been made, tho " General" is approaching tho climax "of his speech. "God," he says, "is like a confeptioiie^'' He preserves you, and he sweatens -y<?u;„ iflory 1>b' to God. What you want >td> do is to go into partnership with Him; but you want to share the rofits, and . take none of the risk. God SoeBn't do business that way. You can't go into partnership with him on the limit- Gcl habimy principle. If you want power, if you want glory, if you want love, if you want the blood of Christ, you can have it a thousand times over, but you must pay the full price. You can't beat it down or cheapen it, as you would with a tradesman, from £5>fo: £4>. • When you ask what the price is, the answeir comes, * All you've got,' and you must pay it or leave it alone. "Let us pray." There is a silence and every, head is bent. The "General" goes 09 again, " Some of you want to come to Christ.' Come now. Come to the penitent form. Rise in your places and remain, standing, and close your eyes, while wo sing tbat hymn that is always tny favorite, ' Jeaus is calling.* We are going to sing it very softly." While we are singing it say to yourself, 'Jesus, I give myself to you.' Do it. ' Now we will go on. Jesus- is calling. That is what you tnust think Of. Never mind your feelings^ Remember nothing except that Jesus Christ is offering you that salvation which you want. Now, now, Jesus is calling. Open your hearts wide ; He is coming now." Tuttle & Co. have reduced their prices Fifty per cent.—ADVT. 