THE DAY OF REST. PROFIT AND LOSS. [A SERMON by the Ber. C. H. SPOBQEON.l 11 What shall it profit a man if he "hall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?"—Mark viii. 36. Many men hare been made bankmpts through in attention to their books. No man ever loaes any thing by counting the cost, knowing his own expen diture, and beeping his debtor and creditor pretty I closely up; but many men have been ruined by ' attempts which have been suggested by a spirit of I speculation, and fostered by a negligence of their J own concerns, combined with absolute ignorance of their real financial position. Spiritually, man is a j great trader—he is trading for Ids own welfare; he is trading for time and eternity; he keeps two shops; one shop is kept by an apprentice of his, a rough unseemly hand of clayey mould, called the body; the other business, which is an infinitely more vast concern, is kept by one that is called " the soul," ' a spiritual being, wbo does not traffic npon little things, but who deals with hell or heaven, and trades with the mighty realties of eternity. Now, a merchant would be very unwise who should pay all attention to some small off-hand shop of his, and take no account whatever of a large establishment. And he would, indeed, be negligent whoshould very carefully jot down every trifle of the expenditure of his own household, but should never think of reckoning the expenses of some vast concern that may be hanging on his hands. But the most of meu are just as foolish—they estimate the profits (as they conceive them to be) which are gained in j that small corner shop called the body, but they too I seldom reckon up the awful loss wmch is brought I about by a negligence of the soul's concerns in the [ great matters of eternity. Let me beseech you while you are not careless of the body, as, indeed, you ought not to be, seeing that it is in the case of believers, the temple of the Holy Ghost, to take more especial care of your souls. Decorate the tenement, but suffer not the inhabitant to die of starvation; paint not the ship wbile you are letting the crew perish for want of stores on board. Look to your soul as well as to your body; to the life as well as to that by which you live. Ob that men would take account of the soul's vast concerns, and know their own standing before Qod. Oh that ye would examine yourselves. If men would do so, if all of you would now search within, how many of you would be bankrupts? You are making a pretty little fortune with regard to the body; you are doing tolerably well and comfortable; you are pro viding for yourselves thiucs as you would desire them. Your mortal body, perhaps, is evenpampered, and has no fault to find with its owner; hut ask your poor soul how that iB getting on, and you will I find it not a gainer, but in many instances, I fear, a ' loser. Let me solemnly tell you, that if your soul be a loser, however much your body may beagalner, you have not profited in the least degree. Let me ask you all this question in the name of Jesus Christ, " What shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul ?" We shall divide our text, and consider, in the first place, the gain a man would get if he gained the whole world; in the second place, the fearful loss if a man should lose his soul; and then, after wards, we will try to finish up by some practical lesson. 1\. In the first place, what is a man profited if he should gain the whole world? Many Christian peo ple, who do not exactly talk commonsense, sum this all up by saying that to gain the whole world is to gain nothing at alL Perhaps they are right, but I question if they believe what the? assert. They j sing just as we nave been singing—' 1 "Jewels to thee are gaudy. And gold is sordid dust." And so they are compared with Christ; but there ore some who find unnecessary and absurd fault with (the things of this world, and call jewels "gaudy toys," and gold "sordid dust." I have often admired some of my friends when I have heard them talking about gold as sordid dust; for I wonder why they did not give it to the dust man the next lime he came round. Many who affect to despise wealth are the gieatest hoarders of it. I suppose tliey am afraid it might injure other people's hearts, and thereforetbey put it away very carefully, so that others may not touch the dangerous thing. That may be all (very kind of them; but we do not exactly appreciate their benevolent intention, and should think it fully as kind if they were every now and then to distribute some of it. You bear them saying very often that " money is the root of all evil." Now, I should like to find that text. But it is not to be found any where from Genesis to Revelation. I found a text once which said, "The love of money is the root of all evil;" but as for the money itself, I can see very little evil in it. If a man will bus rightly use it, I conceive that it is a talent sent from heaven, be stowed bv God for boly purposes; and I am quite sure God s talents are not bad ones. It is all cant for a man to say that he does not really care for these things, because every one does in some degree. Every one wishes to have some of this world; and j there really is, in possessing a competency in this world, something considerable with regard to profit; and I am not going to deceive you by striking off all the profits, and saying you are losers on everypoint. No, I will go tho whole length whichany of you like to go with regard to the profit of this world. If it be considerable, I will admit its greatness. If you think it possible to make a fine thing of this world, ! I will grant it if you like; and, after having ad- i mitted that, I will ask you, " Will it answer your purpose to gain the whole world, in the largest sense of that word, and yet lose your own soul?" Now, I will try, if I can, to add your bills up fi you, and strike a balance. We will suppose a case which must very seldom occur—in fact, which never lias occurred. There never was a man who gained tlie whole world. Some have been monarclis of almost all the bnown globe; but it is remarkable, if you look at a map of tho ancient world, liow little their territories were compared with the whole globe—indeed, they had not much greater than those of modern monarchs. It is but a small portion of the world that was known to the ancients, and even then no man possessed it all. _ But to put this question somewhat in a point of view wherein j the thiDg might be possible, 1 think there are three ; or four cases in which a man may be Baid, with some reservation, to have gained the whole world. I 1\. In the first place, a man who has power over extensive empires may be supposed, in some mea sure, to have gained the whole world. Take, for instance, Alexander; I cannot bring you a fairer specimen of a man having possession of the whole ' world. He could say of his dominions thatalthough they bad tlieir lira ts he did not know the nations who were able to bound his territories. He could tra,vel thousands of miles without arriving at the boundaries; he bad at his foot millions of armed men, ready to avenge his quarrels and uphold his banner; when be rose to fight he was invincible; when lie stood in his Council Chamber his will was < law; in his service thousands were slain, but at his summons an equal number gathered ronnd his stan dard. Alexander, I summon tliee! What tliinkcst thou? Is it worth much to gain the world? Is its sceptre the wand of happiness? Is its crown the security of joy? See Alexander's tears! ho weeps! Yes, he weeps for another world to conquer! Ambi tion is unsatiable? the gain of the whole world is not enough. Surely to become a universal monarch is to make one's self universally miserable. Perhaps you think there is very much pleasure in having power. I believe there is. I do not think any man who has any power over his fellow cre&tureB; will deny that it is gratifying to his fallen nature; 1 or else why is it that|th« politician seeks for it so continually, and toils for it days without number, and wastes the sap of his life in midnight debate? There is a pleasure in it. But mark you, that pleasure is counterbalanced by its anxiety. Popula rity lias its head in the clouds, but its feet are in the sands; and while the man's head is among the stars he trembles for his feet. There is on anxiety to in crease his power, or else to maintain it; and that anxiety takes away much of the enjoyment of it. Lord Bacon justly compared those who move in higher spheres to those heavenly bodies in thefirma raent which |have ranch admiration but little rest. And it is not necessary to invest a wise man with power to convince him that it is a garment bedizened with gold, which dazzles the beholder with its splendour, but oppresses the wearer with its weight. I do verily believe that the winning of the whole world of power is in itself so slight a gain that it were fair to strike the balance, and say there is little left; for even Alexander himself envied the peasant in bis cottage, and thought there was more happi ness on the plains among the shepherds than in his palace amongst liis gold and silver. If I were to compare all this with the loss of the soul, indeed you might be startled. But I leave it to strike its own balance. I say that to gain the whole world is but little, and especially when we are sinners against God. And, moreover, if an empire over the world entails that fearful responsibility which will not allow the eyes to slumber, or the heart to cease its throbbings; if it puts into the band the power of committing gigantic crimes, and if those gigantic crimes like ghosts haunt men's midnight slumbers, the gaining of power over the whole world is a loss instead of again, even considered in itself. 2\. There a another way of gaining the whole ! world—not so much by power, but by something next door to it—namely, riches. Croesus shall be my specimen here. He amassed a world of riches, for ms wealth was beyond estimation. As for his gold and his silver, he kept little account of them, and his precious stones were without number. He was rich, immensely rich; he could buy an Empire, and after that could spend another Empire's worth. Perhaps you think that to be immensely rich is a great gain, but I believe that to be enormously rich is in itself far from desirable. Ask Croesus. Dying, he exclaimed, "Oh, Solon! Solon!" and when they aBked him what he meant he replied that Solon had once told him that no man could be pronounced happy until death, and therefore he cried, "Oh, Solon 1 Solon!" for the misery of his death had swept away the joys of bis life. Such is the j slavery of great riches; such are its anxieties; and such, too often, is that miserly avarice which wealth doth beget that the rich man is often a loser by his wealth even apart from the loss of his soul Many a man would be happier if he had walked the pavement in rags than if he rode through the streets in his chariot. " Many a heavy heart rides in a carriage" is an old saying, but a marvellously true one. Well said the poet— " If thou art rich, thou art poor; For like an ass, whose hack with ingets bows, Thou bear'st thy heavy riches hut a journey, And death unloads thee." Suppose a man's wealth to have been gained dis honestly, then I pronounce it a terrible and infal lible curse to him; in itself it consitutes a plague, apart from a world to come. My friends, estimate that gold at what price you like, I say if you were to put the soul as a debt against it you wouldfind that there would be a fearful loss. But, even apart from that, I believe that to gain a world of riches would be a loss in itself, at least to most men; there would be few men living who would be able to steer the boat of pleasure through a sea so thick with weeds. The less a man has ths better, so that he comes within the moderate competence which every man may desire. Aigur was right when he said, " Give me neither poverty nor riches." Groat wealth is certainly no great gain. 3\. But there was another man who gained the world in a higher sense; his name was Solomon. His treasures were not so much those of wealth or power—though he had both—as the treasures of wisdom and the pleasures of the body. Solomon had ail tbiDgs that could delight the mind, please the , eye, and charm the body; ne had but to speak, and ] music chanted the sweetest air that Israel's psol- j mody could give; he had but to lift his finger, and noble armies followed him, and treasures were ] spread beneath his feet. The wines of every vintage j were quaffed from his bowl, and maidens gathered . from every clime awaited his command; he was | master over men—he was lord. He enjoyed all kinds of delight, every sort of pleasure; he mingled in his cup all that flesh calls paradise, all that men ! dream of happiness. There was nothing which , Solomon did not try; he ransacked the world to find joys. He was a wise man; he knew where to search for earth's happiness, and he found it. Solo mon, what didst thou find? Ob, thou preacher, i open tliy lips and tell us. " Vanity of vanities, all is vanity"—thus saith the preacher. Oh! if we could have all the pleasures of the flesh we desire, I question whether they would be in themselves a profit; but of this I am certain, that compared with the loss of our soul it would indeed be a dreadful loss. I think that if many of us could iudulge all the pleasures of the body we desire we should destroy our bodies, and actually waste our hap piness. Many a man has hunted his pleasures too fast to win them; many a racer has lost the prize by overstraining in the contest; and many a man might have had more pleasure, even to the body, if he had been more moderate in seeking it. He is a fool who grills a pound of butter; the rake does that; lie grills himself away by too fast plea sures, and wastes his life till it is gone, and there is nothing left of it. Ah! if ye could have all the world of sensual delights, and if ye had all the j wisdom of men, apart from the grace of God, to re strain your pleasures, I believe you would find it then to be a dead loss. Even in this world you see these great winnings are but little gains. They are great to look at, but they are very small when you get bold of them. This world is like the boy's butterfly—it is pretty sport to chase it; but bruise its wings by an over- 1 earnest grasp, and it is nothing but a disappoint ment. But if there is little profit in this world by these magnificent gains I have mentioned, and in these extreme cases, what shall it profit a man if he does not gain the world and should lose hie soul? Put the question in this way: What shall it profit a man if he lose this present world and the next too? What shall it profit a man if he gain but a small portion of this world—and this is the most that we may expect—and yet loses his soul? Ihave sometimes thought with regard to the rich man, "Well, such a man has a portion in this life; but I with regard to the poor man I cannot see what there is to make him happy if he has not something j better to look to when he dies." Mow, I have only cast up accounts for this life; but what will it profit a man wlieu he comes to die if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul? There ne lies dying. He has noGod to console him. Bring to him his heaps of gold. What! do they not still the throbbings of thy heart? What! cannot thy bags of gold ferry thee across the Jordan? What, man! thou hasthved for thy heaps of glitter ing wealth. Will they not live with thee? Wilt thou not take them with thee to heaven? Mo, he shakes his head, for boarded wealth is but of little use to help a man to die. You have heard of a sailor who, when the ship was sinking, rushed into the cabin, broke open the captain's chest, extracted ail the money he could, tied it in a belt round bis waist, leaped into the sea, and sank, thus hurrying himself before liis Creator with the witness of liis sins about bis loins. Oh, it were a bad thing to die with gold so gained. And do you think gold will do you mucli good, however you may have come by it, when you lie on your last couch? Mo, you must bow to inevi table death, in spite of all your riches; and if you gain the whole world's applause or fame, can that help you on your dying bed? "Jesus can make a dying bed Feel soft as downy pillows are." But bow little will the applause of man seem when you come to die? I sometimes think what poor fools we are to value ourselves by what our fellow creatures think of us; but when we come to die we shall not care about the din and noise which have followed us all our lives. What will fame and 1 honour be when we are in the last article? Bubbles! Can souls feed on bubbles? Mo, we shall then despise such vanities. We shall say, " Fame, cease thy trump; let me die alone, for alone must I hear the trump of the archangel. Thou babbling fame, I bate thee, for thou dost but disturb my slumbers and wake me in my bed." There will be no gain in wealth, or power, or pomp, or fame; when we come to die they will profit a man nothing if he lose his own souL And what will it profit a man in the day of judg men if he has gained the whole world ? Suppose he comes before God's bar clothed in purple, with a crown upon his brow, for there the diadem attracts no attention. I see whole hosts of men gathered before God's white throne; but monarchs and their slaves are mixed indiscriminately; princes and peasants stand upon a level there, and I see no dis tinction. God says, " Depart, ye cursed," and the monarch is damned; or He pronounces, "Come ye blessed," and the monarch is saved. But the same voice speaks to each alike. It they be saints there is a voice of joy lifting them to their home; and if they be lost the voice of denunciation sending them to their appointed doom. Ah! there will be no profit to man in all he has achieved when he comes before God's judgment bar. Suppose him standing up to tell his Maker, " Lord. I bad a deal of faiueon j earth; they stuck me up on the top of a column, to bear all weathers, and they called that glory to be gazed at by fools, or tobe admired by the populace; and, O Lord, wilt thou send such a man as I am to I perdition?", " Oh," says Justice, " what care I for thy statue? what care I for thy fame? If thy soul be not saved, if thou art not in Christ—with all thy statues and all thy fame—thou sbalt sink to perdi tion." For these things avail not in the day of judgment; men shall stand alike there; allshallbe on a level. If Christ hath saved us we shall be saved; but if we are out of Christ, great and mielity may we be, but the sentence shall be as impartial to the rich as to the poor. II. We have summed up, then, the first point; it is hut little to gain the whole world; apart from religion there is very little in it. But now we come to the contrast; that is, the losing the soul. I shall request your attention for a brief period while I endeavour to dilate on that. To lose the soul, my friends, to lose the soul! how shall we tell what it is to lose the soul? You can conceive how : fearful is the loss of the soul in three ways. First, from its intrinsic value; secondly, from its capabili ties; and, thirdly, from its doom, if it be lost. 1\. Ton may tell how serious it is to lose the soul {rem its intrinsic value. The soul is a thing worth ten thousand worlds; in fact, a thing which worlds on worlds heaped together like sand on the seashore conld not bay. It is more precious than if the ocean had each drop of itself tnrned into a golden globe, tor all that wealth conld not buy a son! Consider! The sonl is made in the image of its Maker; "God made man," it is said, "inHis own image." The sonl is an everlasting thing like God; God has gifted it with immortality; and hence it is precious. To lose it, then, how fearful! The soul is precious, again, we know, by the pries Christ paid, for it. "Not with silver and gold," but with His own flesh and blood did He redeem it. Ah! it must be precious if He gave heart's core to purchase it. What most- it be to lose your soul? 2\. But it is precious because it is everlasting, and that brings me to note that the soul is precious on account of its capabilities. Do you see up there yon starry crown ? Do you mark there that throne, with the palm branch at its foot ? Do you see that pearly-gated city, with its light brighter than the eun? Do you mark its golden streets and its thrice happy inhabitants? There is a paradise which eye nath not seen, which ontvieth dreams, and which imagination could not pictnre; but if the soul be lost that is lost. We see many lost things advertised. Now, it a man's soul be lost, let me advertise what he faaslost. He has lost acrown, he has lost a harp, he has lost a throne, he has lost a heaven, he has lost an eternity! When I con sider how happy a soul may be it appears to me to be tremendons thing for it to be lost even though it should gain the world; in fact, I cannot set the world in contrast—it ia as though I should measure the Alps by a molehill. I cannot tell you what size the world is if you give me for its standard a grain of dust, nor can I tell you heaven's worth if you only allow me to value it by a world. Oh! sirs, becanse the sonl is capable of heaven its loss is a dreadful and terrific thing 1 HI. What, then, is the practical lesson with which we finish? If, as most certainly is the case in the most favourable circumstances, a sinner loses fear fully by the gain of the world—if he loses his soul then how absurd it is for a man at any time to sell his sonl for a little! I remember an anecdote—I believe it ia true; I had almost said I hope it is. A minister going across somo fields met a countryman, and said to him, " Well, friend, it is a most delightful day." " Ves, sir, it is." And having spoken to him about the beauties of the scenery, and so forth, be said " How thankful we ought to be for our mercies! I hope you never come out without praying." " Pray, sir!" said he; "why I never pray; 1 have got nothing to pray for." " What a strange man," said the minister. "Don't yonr wife pray?" "If she likes." "Don't your children pray?" "If they like they do." " Well, you mean to say you do not pray," said the minster (as I think not very rightly; no doubt lie saw that the man was superstitious), " flow, I will give you half a crown if you will pro mise me not to pray as long as you live." "Very well," said the man, " I don't see what I hare got to pray for," and he took the half-crown. When ne went home the thought struck him, " What have I done ?' And something said to him, " Well, John, you will die soon, and you will want to pray then; you will have to stand before your Judge, and it will be a sad thing not to have prayed." Thoughts of this kind come over him, and he felt dreadfully miserable; and the more lie thought the more miserable he felt. His wife asked him what was the matter. He could hardly tell her for some time; and at last he confessed he had taken half a crown never to pray again, and that was preying on his mind. The poor ignorant soul thought it was the evil one that had appeared to him. " Ay. John," said she, " sure enough it was the devil, and you have sold your soul to him for that half-crown." The poor creature could not work for several days, and he became perfectly miserable from the convic tion that he had sold himself to the evil ono. How ever, the minister knew what he was about, anil there was a barn close by, and he was going to preach there; he guessed the man would be there to ease his terror of mind, and sure enough he was there obe Sabbath evening, and he heard the same man who gave him the half-crown take for iiis text these words, " What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" "Ay," said he," what will it profit a man who sold his soul for half a crown? Up gets the inan, crying out, "Sir, take it back! take it back!" "Why, said the minister, " you want the half-crown, and you said yon did not need to pray." " But sir," lie said, " I must pray; if I do not pray I am lost-." And after some testing by parleying, the half-crown was returned, and the man was on his knees, pray ing to God. And it came to pass that that very cir cumstance was the means of saving his soul and making him a changed man. Now, I cannot do any thing so eccentric as that; but I send some of you away with this in your mind, that though you think you could not do so, yet actually there are many of those whom I have here who have sold themselves to .Satan, by doing something for their worldly profit which, in the end, must lead to the loss of their souls. Do any of you desire to know howyoursouls may be saved? Here is the answer—"Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and be baptised, and ye shall be saved." And whosoever among you knoweth himself to be a sinner, let him take this for his con solation—1"Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners, even the chief." Go away with that thou chief of sinners, and rejoice, for Jesus Christ cams to save thee. May God add His blessing for Ciirist's sake! Amen. 