THE MELBOURNE SHAKESPEARE SOCIETY. The ordinary monthly meeting of tho Molbotirno Shukcspeuro Society was hckl last night hi the Assembly Hall, Collins street. I)r. Neihl presided. Two papora wcro road eovoraffv by Mr P. D. Phillips nnd Miss M, J. P. Farroll. Sir Phillips Bclootcd as tho subject of jiis 'essay, " Tho Ghost in Ilamlot," which he trcatod with much skill, ingenuity and humor. Ho collated this supernatural visitation with tho apparitions In other Shakespearian plays and snowed with what good dramatic reason it had been differentiated from thoso, and how noceseary were its ob jective attributes, in ordor to glvo co herency and reasonableness to the plot of tho play. At tho same time, Mr PhllUps pointed out the indications in which oxcop- tion might bo takeu to U on tho scoro of critical exactness aud comistoacy, but showed nevertheless how these de partures from ideal exactness were essential to lit tho sapornatural charac ter for tho nrociso noes for which it was required in working oat tho story. Tlio humorous light he oucasksally threw upon portions of his subject, which, in no respect diverting attention from tho main argument of tho theme, relieved it from tlio overweight of seriousness from which it might olhcrwho havo suffered. Altogether tho physiology of tho character was very ably demonstrated, and the somewhat novel modo of treatment adopted, showed both thought, research and much penotration, beside evidencing a thorough acquaint ance with the whole Shakespearian text. A very animated riiscusokm followed, in which Mr Potta, Mr i'utc, Mr Long, tho Iter. Mr Rcid, Mr Ducgan, Mr Goldntcin and others took part. In his reply, Mr Phillips de fended hifliflulf against the fault imputed to him by eomo of tho speakers, trint ho had dealt with thn sub ject in a spirit less serious than the tragic profundity nf tho drama warranted. Ho claimed that oycu gravo truths might bo occasionally proposed in a olnylul manner, mid protested that ail he hud said was meant in serious carnestues. The paper by the lady (read by tho Rev. John Itcid) wuu on tho somewhat familiar subject ol Portia, in Tho Merchant of Vonico ; and was apparently intended to demonstrate tho especially womanly attri butes ol the character. At the same timo, to show that Portia, besides boing a true woman, was not unpossessed of a good dcalofworldly wudoin nnd practical shrewdness. Between tho roadlnc of tlicso two papers, Mr II. M. Marie recited Tho Closet Scene in Hamlot, and showed in its delivory both a good understanding of tho text, aud a more than ordinary comprehension of tho obliga tions of offectivo olocntioii. Thu Chairman announced' that it was pro posed to introdnca recitals as a part of the husiucu of all tho ordinary nicotines in future, and hu invited thow members who were willing to assist lu this portion of tho proceedings to furnish their tiatnea to the honorary secretary, who also would bo glad to recclvn oarly notifica tion from tlMHa who proposed to road ropers. Tho honorary socrotary read a | letter from Mr Tato,of tho Training Collcgo, ' informing himthat.encouragcd by tho success of tlio readme of Mneh Ado About Nothing, at tho last mooting of tbo socloty a Shakespeare ReaaingClass had boon formed in that lustUutlon. It was also aunounccd tlwt tho Ballarat Shakespeare Society was last ovouitig giving a performance of Romeo aud Juliot. 