A FRENCH GIUTIC ON ITAMLET. (From " The Speaker.") A brilliant and somewhat audacious criti cism of Hamlet lias recently appeared in the columns of the "Figaro" from the pen of M. Henri Becque. The critics have, M. Bccrjiio holds, failed in their analyses of the character of Hamlet, because they have perpetually beon search ing for a consistency and a unity which the character doe3 not possess. They have ap proached the subject psychologically like Goethe, comparatively like Taine ; they have neglected the positive treatment which would have led them to a sound conclusion. Goethe's famous dictum was that the explanation of Hamlet lay in the effects of a groat action imposed as a duty upon a mind too feeble for\ its accomplishment. In this sense he finds1 the character consistent throughout. Taine explains Hamlet by paying Hamlet is Shake speare himself—thus and thus would the man of Shakespeare's epoch have acted. - All is consistent if you take account of a given type of character biassed by the conditions of the age. The specialists in lunacy explain him by inquiring whether there may not have been an hereditary tendency to insanity and whether his pretended madness was not combined with something of latent lunacy. Away with such subleties ! cries M. Becque. Let us consider facts, and call to mind that Shakespeare was not a psychologist, but a dramatist writing for the stage, thinking more of his action than of his abstract per sonage. V hen we have fully realised this, we shall understand Hamlet, inasmuch as we shall cease to demand a psychological con sistency which the play cannot be made to yield. Shakespeare, as all the world knows, did not create Hamlet out of his own brain. The story of ^mleth had been told by Saxo Gnmmaticus in tho twelfth oentury, and had been worked up by Belleforest in his 'Histoires Tragiquos' in the sixteenth. Shake speare almost certainly had before him the old English version of Belleforest. M. Becque's contention is that while Shakespeare lia3 conceived in Hamlet a character inapt for carrying out a great revenge, he has as signed to Hamlet a series of actions inconsis tent with such a character, merely because the actions were those of the traditional Hamlet of the chronicles. Shakespeare, M. Beoque boldly says, is not master of his plot. He is inventing here, he is borrow ing there ; and the inventions and tho bor rowings do not harmoniso. Ho substitutes the man of action of tradition and man of contemplation, but he leaves the action un modified. No wonder that Hamlet has been an enigma to posterity. Why is Polo nius slain 1 It is so recorded in tho chroniclo. Why does Hamlet depart to England and scheme the death of liosencrantz and Guil denstern 1 It was part of the original story. Hamlet has thus two faces, and the Hamlet of Shakespeare's creation finds himself re sponsible for crimes which are not his own. Where the chronicle does not bias the aotion Hamlet is neither inconsistent nor enigmatic, His attitude face to face with Claudius is per fectly intelligible. He so far shrinks from killing him that thp Ghost returns ' to whet his almost blunted purpose,' a reproach which still remains ineffective. Murder is repugnant to Hamlet, revenge distasteful. But the most important element introduced by the earlier tradition into the play was Hamlet's madness. In tho 4 Hystorie of Hamblet' his assumption of madness is justi fied ; in tho play it is not. When Hamlet rejoins Horatio and Marcellu3 after his inter view with the Ghost ho proclaims his inten tion ' to put an antic disposition on;' but his reason for doing so i3 made clear neither to them nor to the audience, nor in the sequel is it easy to discover how the character of madman has contributed to his security or his revenge. Nor is his madness even well counterfeited. We hear much, see little of it. In tho ' Hystorie' he ' rends and tears his clothes, wallowing and lying in the dust and mire, his face all filthy and blacke running through the streets like a man distraught, not speaking one worde but such as seemed to proceedefrom madnesse.' The play contains nothing of this, and the audience would not know that he had carried out his declared intention of playing the madman except through the declaration of others, and especially Ophelia. Yet how groatly Hamlet's assumption of madness, though not contributing to the accomplish ment of his purpose, does contribute in other ways to the development of the plot is plain. Shakespeare has not only adopted it, but he has made good use of it. This mad ness, so much criticised and studied, is in M. Becque's view ' un moyen de theatre,' a dramatic convenience without which the play could not go forward ; and of a real element of madness in Hamlet there can be no question at all. If, however, our critic declines to accept a psychological solution of Hamlet as a whole, he is quite prepared with an analysis of that side of Hamlet which he traces to Shake speare's brain—Hamlet the inactive dreamer. Goethe quite wrongly sees in him one who would have been an excellent prince if he had not been overpowered by too heavy a burden. On the contrary, lie has been a peovish, fragile child, and has grown up a misanthrope. He represents a reaction from his father, the valiant warrior, and admires him to exaggeration because he lacks his strength. His excellent fencing no doubt presents a difficulty for this view, but it is ingouiousiy suggested either that caprice has led him to cultivate one manly exercise, or that Shakespeare may. have inconsistently given him this endowment to bring about tho denouement of the piece. Tho act of ven geance is not, as Goethe urged, above Ham let's powers, but, fin de siecle personage that he is, he does not in his heart of hearts think it worth carrying out. Ho is really satisfied when he takes a rhetorical vengeance upon his mother. His real heart is laid bare in the chuichyard. To this favour must we come at last; courtier, jester, conqueror, beauty. Then, since to such ' base uses' we must return, what is the good of effort 1 Hamlet is thus, to M. Becque, iibove all a talker. He is the hero of a dramatic action, yet tho action scarcely engrosses him at all. He talks about everything—love,, literature, questions of the lime, questions of all time. He is for every age the typo of ineffective ness, the ineffectiveness whip!) fl!\u do nothing but disclaim in presence of evils. Ho was created an Englishman ; tho Germans have claimed him as their own. M. Becque finds him to be a Frenchman, and one destined to have many successors. 