GENERAL NEWS. THE LAND REPURCHASE BILL. — The Government will not consider what they will do with the Land Repurchase Bill until Monday or Tuesday. The Treasurer will probably consult his supporters in the House on the situation in view of the advanced state of the session. HANDBOOK ON VITICULTURE.—The work of compiling a handbook on viticulture stands in abeyance at present, as the Agricultural Bureau did not take kindly to a suggestion which the Treasurer made on the subject. Mr. Play ford considers that a small book pithily de- scribing what vines to grow in certain soils and climates, and how to treat them, and giving general information on vine cultivation, would be of great service to intending planters, and he is anxious to see a publication of the kind distributed. DEATH OF MRS. DAVID TAYLOR.—Mrs. Ann Taylor, aged 85, widow of the late Mr. David Taylor, who was so severely burned at her residence, Edward-street, Norwood, on November 6, succumbed to her injuries on Thursday night. The Coroner held an in quest on Friday afternoon at the Oriental Hotel, Norwood, and an open verdict was returned. THE SHARE MARKET.—There was another heavy reaction on Friday, Proprietary shares going below £7 at midday. A flight improve ment took place afterwards. On Friday a gentleman in Adelaide interested in tlie Broken Hill mines telegraphed to Captain Warren, of the Block 10 Mine, asking if there was any truth in the report that the mine was looking' bad, and he received the following telegram1 from himRumour is false; mine looking well." The same gentleman also sent to Mr. Howell, of the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine, and received reply to the following effect:— "MineiBall right; new system cf working surface is progressing very satisfactorily." Conscience Money.—Mr. George Riddock, a squatter of the South-East, has received a draft of £-1 from a Salvationist who many years ago was in his employ and confesses to. having stolen two sheep, which he valued ab £1. Since joining the Army he lias realized: that the proper thing to dc was to " repay the value fourfold," hence the draft for £1. The Brindisi Railway Accident.—Mr, James Marshall, of Marshall & Co., who returned by the Arcadia, and who was ot> the train which met with an accident near Brindisi about * month ago, has given thei foliovwng description of the accident to a member of our staff;—"Everything, wend right on the way out until we. reached Dover, where we were told that something had happened to No. 3 sleeping oar, and that we would have to take the club train to Paris and then take the mail train, which we did. About twenty-five milesfromBrindisi we were going ab a terrific pace, and I prepared to get my rugs. Afterwards I went into the lavatory, and- had. just started to wash myself when the train, seemed to Bhoot off the line, and it knocked; me up against the side of the car. I clutched hold of the basin, and expeoted every minute to be smashed to pieces. About half a minute's grinding sensation followed, and then we settled down. We hurried outn to see what had happened, and it was then that we saw what a merciful deliverance we had had. On the mam lino there was a lug gage train which overlapped the siding by fous or five vans and the engine. I was told tbab our driver was to have stopped at the station to let this train pass, but for some unknown ■ reason he kept on at the rate of something like sixty miles an hour. The first shake I ob served was caused by our train going off the line; We went straight through the luggage train, which, as I have said, was on the line atjthe end of the siding. Two or three of the cars were smashed to atoms. Our engine was thrown on its side, and fortunately for us the fire was put out. The baggage-van, which was the first off the rails, and the car which I was in next, and our buffers went straight into the baggage- van. There must have been a lob of paraffin on the luggage train, because it was lying about.iu large quantities, and tbetina were scattered in all directions. Only one man was hurt, but not severely, because in five minutes he was walking about smoking. We were all more or less shaken, but were willing, of course, to do anything to help each other. The French guard and other officials were standing aboub smoking, laughing, and jumping about like apes. I never saw such fools on such an occasion. Time after time I asked. them to keep back with their pipes and cigars for fear of setting fire to the paraffin because if that once took fire all our luggage must have been destroyed, and the passengers would have had nothing bub wkab they wore to come to Australia in. About a dozen of u"_ went to the stationmaster and offered to carry our luggage away, but could, not get satisfaction, as he refused to sanction anything until the Customs officials arrived. We therefore had to wait. Some time afterwards a train came to take us back, and by this time it was dark—the acci dent happened in broad daylight. Instead of carrying safe lampB the officials carried' torches and went in amongst the paraffin debris with the certainty that the inflammable material took fire in the ditches on the side of the rails. Several of the passengers happened to be there at the time, and they induoed the officials to put the fire out by putting earth on it. Eventually we got away and contiuued our journey. This was my first experience with railway accidents, and if ever it is my misfor tune to be connected with another, I hope ib won't be on the Continent." River Bevels,—The following figures show the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations on November 13:—Murray—Echuca, 12 ft. 6 in.; Euston, 19 ft. 7 in.; Overland Corner, lr> ft. 3 in.; Morgan, 18 ft.; Benmark, 14 ft. Murrambidgee—Hay, 8 ft 8 in.; Balranaid. 16 ft 1 in. Dsriing—Bourke, 9 ft., falling; Louth. 21 ft 9 in., falling; Tilpa, 19 ft. 6 in., falling; Wilfeannia, 29 ft. 6 in. ; Menindie, 27 ft 4 in.; Pooncarie. 25 ft, failing; Wentworth. IS ft 10 in. Bar won—Mungundi, 4 ft 9"in.; Mogil, low; Bre warrina, 11 ft. 6 in. Culgoa—Ghodoga, low;. Naomi—7 ft. 6 in. 941 OUR Postmaster-General.—On December 6 next Mr. Charles Todd, C.M.G., F.R.S., Postmaster-General, Superintendent; of Tele graphs, and Government Astronomer in this colony, will have been fifty years in the Imperial and oolonial service. He entered the Greenwich Observatory on December 6, 1811, and was appointed to the position of Superin tendent of Telegraphs in South Australia in 1855\. It is very probable that a fitting testi monial will be made to Mr. Todd next month in recognition of his long service to the colony. Influenza.—Mrs. W. B. Hooper, an old colonist, and a resident of Mitcham of upwards of twenty-five years, died on Thursday morning. The deceased, who was seventy years of age, came ont in 1837 with the family of the late Mr. S. Payne, the owner of what was known in the early days as the Australian Arms, but now the Exohange Hotel. Mrs. Hooper was well known and muoh re spected. She leaves a husband, two sons, three daughters, and fourteen gran "ldren. The oause of death was bronchitis following influenza. Adelaide Chahber of Commerce, In corporated. At the committee meeting held on Wednesday th« Vioe-president (Mr. A. L. Barium; occupied the chair, and there were present—Messrs. Roland Strachan, G. .Boot v R. J. Phillips, L. P. Law renoe, W. Norman, A. S. Chapman, J. E. Thomas and R. Smith. Letters were re • ceived from the President (Mr. J. Darling, jun.) and Mr. David Murray, apologizing for their absenoe on aooount of illness. It having been pointed out that great annoyance and inconvenienoe were caused to travellers from this colony to Melbourne by the express train through the delay arising from the exami nation of the passengers' luggage by the Cus toms on arrival there, the Secretary was instructed to write to the Melbourne Chamber asking them to ose their influence to get a better system adopted. With reference to the matters brought up at the half-yearly meeting by Mr. W. Heroert Fhillipps as to income tax on oversea vessels, the use of moorings provided by the Marine Board, and the 'acceptance of ■wool weights at the Fort Railway Station, a sub-committee consisting of Messrs. J. Darling, jun., A. L. Harrold, A. S. Chapman, and R. J. Phillips were appointed to draw up a report for next meeting. The Corn Trade Sectional Committee reported that the j matter of this colony being represented at the Kimberley Exhibition had been considered by them, as requested by the General Committee, and that the following resolution had been carriedThat owing to the prohibitive tariff in force in South Africa it is not likely to be of any advantage to this colony to be represented at the kimberley Exhibition." The reoort of the Corn Trade Committee was adopted. The following new member? were elected:—J. Napier, of Farina; M. Duffy, of Pekina; and Harrold, Colton, & Co. ■ Sale of South Australian Government Bonds.—The Mercantile, Marine, and Fire Insurance Company of South Australia recently called for tender for. South Australian 'Government bouds to *he amount of £5,000, repayable on January 1005, and bearing in ■ terest at 5 per cent, per annum, payable half- | yearly at the Treasury, Adelaide. Tenders were received on November 11, ranging from ' par to £3 2s. Cd. per cent, premium in addition to the accrued interest to date of delivery, and at the latter price the whole amount was allotted to one tenderer. Sheep fob South Australia. — Messrs. Philip Charley & Co. are importing from England a highly bred Lincoln ram and a number of Shropshire ewes and rams. They are in the steamer Strathclyde, which is now due, and may arrive any day. The Slirop shires are, so far as we know, the first in ' traduced into South Australia. The Lincoln mm took first prize at Norfolk in 1891, and his sire tookfirst prizes at Plymouth, Lincolnshire, and Leicestershire in 1890. The sheep on arrival will have to go into quarantine for three months, but when they oome out the owners intend to show them, bo that those in terested may have an opportunity of seeing them. Hugh Gilmore Fund.—At a meeting of the committee held on Thursday, November 12, it was reported that donations to the amount of nearly £450 had been received or promised, in addition to which about £100 was mentioned as having been already collected amongst the various Trade and Friendly Societies. Arrangements were made for collecting-lists to be taken by lady friends, and for others to be sent to sympathizers in country townships. A proposal was made for reprinting a series of Mr. Gilmore's Bermons, and it was announced that a lecture on his life and teachings had been arranged for, to be given before the DemooraticClub. Samaritan . Fund.—A sale of useful and fanoy needlework,, pot-plants, and produce in aid of the Samaritan Fund was opened by Her .Excellency the Countess of Kintore at the residence of Mrs. Walter Duncan, Villa Brandt, Gilberton, on Thursday. A great variety of artistic needlework, produoe, &c.;, was on offer; and although satisfactory sales were made there wus an ample sufficiency of pretty and useful goods left to tempt buyers next day, when the sale was resumed. The Mayor of Adelaide.—The main mission of Mr. A. MaoOormae appears to be to hand down to posterity the counterfeit presentments, in imperishable colours, of men who have achieved greatness in South Austra lia, and probably he will reach in time those who have had greatness thrust upon them, not to speak of those who are born great. He has just completed a portrait of Mr. Lewis Cohen, i M.P. (the Mayor of Adelaide), which is the outcome of the esteem entertained for His Worship by his tellow- citizens. Those who know Mr. Cohen can quite understand that he is a difficult subject to pamt, it being so seldom that one can catch him in Tepose; but whether Mr. MacCormoc hypnotized or not, he has managed to produce a lifelike portrait of our energetic Chief Magistrate sitting down in his Mayoral robe and the S chain. The treatment of the silk robe with the fur collar, cuffs, and border is an excellent example.of the colourist's skill. The softness of the rebellious fur is so well done that it looks as if one could bury the hand in it; and although the artist oould not be trusted with theciviogoldchain apparently, but had to paint it from a photograph, he has eucoeeded to admiration. The peculiar tones of the metal in the links -and the dead gold in the broad plAte' bearing the front elevation of the Town Hall are highly artistic, and there is a skilful touoh where the chain is half Bunk in the fur of the collar. As for the expression of the Mayors face he looks as if he had just ruled a rebellious Councillor out of order and . the artiBt has straok the general average of His Worship's complexion with consummate judgment. In ishort the portrait is good, a credit to. Mr. MacCormac, and will he a valuable addition to the City Council gallery. The Railway Commissioners and the Moonta Mines Directors.—The Chairman of the Railway Commissioners (Mr. J. H. Smith) left for Wallaroo on Thursday after noon for the purpose of interviewing the Managers of the mines and the Smfeltmg Works on the spot on .matters affeoting the railway facilities the e. Tnn English Press and South Australia. j —Many newspajiers in tbo old country ore so fond of seizing upon the slightest pretext for j disparaging the Australian Colonies that it js : only fair to acknowledge the fairhess of journals which show themselves ready to pre sent the other side of the shield. In the Daily Nevet appears the following paragraph upon South Australia, inserted at the instance of men connected with the colony, who think it their duty to do what they can to correct misrepresentation:—"Various correspondents lay stress upon certain facts stated by the Treasurer of the colony as a counterblast to what they persist in regarding as efforts here to throw discredit on this, amongst other colonies. Acoording to South Australian papers, dated August 21, the proceeds of J loans, so far expended, amount to £19,900,000, of which, however, £14,432,000 has been laid out on reproductive public works, the profit on which is £704,023, equal to 3J per cent, on the whole expenditure from loans. One paper takes a somewhat amusing tone,' and says it is obviously absurd to speak of this as a debt in the same sense as we speak of the English national debt, for the indebtedness of South Australia is the result of an expendi- J ture on reproductive works. Australian 1 colonists consider the recent fall in oolonial stocks as the result of an ' attempt to get up a scare.' The decline is due to the same reason as the decline in Consols. There had been an excessive rise in recent years, and the con version of British 3 per Cents, for a time sent up colonial stocks too high during the rage for alternative investments. The recoil is not surprising, and its effect will not be unhealthy, because the colonies have lost some of their illusions in regard to the market value of their stocks. Obsolete methods of issue will perhaps be cast aside in future." Accident to the Beoken Hill Express.— On Saturday morning we reoeived the follow ing telegram from our Petersburg correspon dent:—-When about four miles from Peters burg this morning the engine of the Broken Hill express became disabled, being unable, to get over the range to Tetowie. The train had to return to Petersburg, where a fresh engine was obtained. No time was lost by the officials, and the accident only delayed the train about au hour. Nearly Bgbned to Death.—At about 8.30 p.m. on Friday Mrs. Ann Taylor, aged eighty five years, widow of the late Mr. David Taylor, residing in a three-roomed cottage off Edward-street, Norwood, was nearly burned to death whilst in bed. It appears that the old lady had been laid up for several days. She lived alone, but the neighbours were attending her. Miss Crow hurst, of Stepney, gave the woman her tea, and then went home, and returning with her mother at 8.30 p.m. they found the bed on fire. The candle was left burning near the bed, and by some means it came into contact with the bed curtains. Mr. Gooden, the Town Clerk, j and others extinguished the fire. Dr. Ewbank was called in and attended the patient, who i3 suffering more from shock to the syBtern than from the burns. Metal Markets!—The Smolting Company at the Dry Creek Smelting Works, have re ceived the following cable advice from their London agents, dated NoveniberG:—"Standard silver. 3s. 7M. per oz.; soft Spanish lead, £11 12s. per ton." I Adelaide Children's Hospital. — The | monthly meeting of the Board of Management was held on November 5, when there were pre sent Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C. (in the chair), Lady Morgan, Mesdames J. Colton, J. A. Johnson, A. T. Magarey, and I. Sim mons, Drs. Curtis and Lendon, and Messrs. W. Isbister, L. P. Lawrence, C. S. Leader, and H. Mildred. The financial statement read by the Hon. Treasurer (Mr. Mildred) showed ! the receipts to be £176 0s. 6d.;expenditure, £218 lis. 3d. The House Surgeon (Dr. Hope) reported :J— Admissions, 20; discharged, 21 I present number, 42; average for the month . (the highest for about five years), 40'5; death, I 1; cause of death, diphtheria. The Secretary (Mr. Howch'in) reported 271 attendances at the | outdoor dispensary, including 98 new cases. , A discussion was initiated on the advisableness ; of providing greater aocommodation for i patients by erecting new contagious wards on the hospital grounds and a sanatorium in the hills. The matter was adjourned for further consideration at a special ineetiug of the | Board. In the meantime it was resolved i to try the experiment of sending a few cases down to the Augas Wing in connection with the Convalescent Hospital, I Semaphore. It was resolved that " in the case of a (inn or Company contributing a sum , equal to a life Governor or life member's | donation, in the absence of any partioular I nomination by the contributing firm or Com pany, the senior member of the firm shall be recognised as the representative of the firm in the exercise of the privileges pertaining to the contribution." A list of gifts was read and thankfully acknowledged, and monthly ac counts were passed as follows:—Housekeeping | and wages, £1024s. 3d.; general accounts, in cluding tho sum of £4S 18s. spent in alteration to basement so as to give greater accommoda tion, £140 18s. 5d. Blind and Dkat and Dumb Institution.— ' At the annual meeting of this institution, which this year was held in the Adelaide j Town ilall on Saturday afternoon. His | Worship the Mayor (Mr. Cohen, M.P.) pre j sided over a good attendance. Several of the inmates by an exhibition of their acquired powers gave a good account of the teaching staff. Satisfactory reports respecting the i i progress of the work done during the year j were presented and adopted and votes of | thanks carried. j The South-Eastern Railways.—The Rail 1 way Commissioners returned to town on Friday i week, after their tour of inspection of the j South-Eastern Railways. They inspected all ! the stations, and found everything in first-rate order. i The Blrkchmobe Arbitration Case.—The j i evidence in the Bleechmore arbitration case has been concluded. On Wednesday next Mr. J. H. S.vmon, Q.C., will address the arbitra tors on behalf of the Insurance Companies, and Sir J. W. Downer, Q.C.. will reply on behalf of Bleechmore Brothers. The arbi trators will then retire to consider their award. It is estimated that the expenses in connection with the arbitration will amount to nearly £2,000. Circuit Court.—The following prisoners will be tried by Mr. Justice Bouoaut at the Port Augusta and Gladstone Circuit Courts on November 18 and 20 respectively:—Port Augusta — Tote _ Khan, indecent assault; Arthur Degoumois, larceny; Thomas Roper and George Clifford, stealing from the person; Tommy, murder. Gladstone—George Don nelly, larceny, &c.; John S. O'Donohue, steal ing in a dwelling-house; H. Euthwhistie, alias John Enthwhistle, horse-stealing, &c.; Edward Casey, assaulting a peace officer; Charles Wickham, assaulting a peace offioer. New Book on the Aborigines.—The manuscript of a new work on the aborigines, by Mr. Worsnop, Town Clerk of Adelaide, bas been purchased by the Government, and the volume is being prepared in tbe Govern ment Printing Office. The Chapel of the Holy Ghost.—A large number of people .gathered in front of the Dominican Convent, MoIm worth-street, JSorth Adelaide, Sunday weektofiM Archbishop Key nolds lay the foundation-stone of a Chapel in connection with the Convent The congregation included, besides several of the clergy, many of the members of the 8t. Lawrence Branch of the H. A.C.B.S., who marched tn procession to the Convent. After the ceremony had been impressively performed His Grace, asoending the stone, gave a forcible address, although he was not very well. He said the Chapel was the first of its kind in Australia. It had been asked where was the need for having the oratory, considering that St. Lawrence s Church was so near at hand. For the last thirty-five years he had had the one-absorbing idea of seeing a Church established forthe per petual adoration of Jesus Christ. The idea was looked upon as Utopian by many of hiB friends, especially in a country where missionary effort required so muoh hard and patient labour. That day nineteen years ago epiBoopacy came to him, and then h© vowed that he would leave no stone unturned to achieve the work. The success of missionary effort depended upon the abiding spirit of prayer, and the idea of the Church was to have some one in every hour of the day and night before the tabernacle entreating a blessing, and also forgiveness of the sms of a fallen world. The venerated saint, JohnB. Polding, had quietly established perpetual adoration in Sydney in connection with monasteries and convents, but no special Chapel had before been erected. When lie found six years ago that the Mother Prioress of the Dominican Convent held the same views as himself he hoped to see the speedy fulfilment of his wishes, but the hand of Led had delayed matters. Now, however, he rejoiced that the building was commenced, and he dedicated it to the third person in the Blessed Trinity—the Holy Ghost. The contractor for the work is Mr. J. J. Leahy. The building will consist of a chapel in Gothic architecture, 60 ft. by 28. It is intended for the use of the Nuns of St. Domunc a Priory, and is to comprise a sanctuary, a chapel for the nuns, a tribune for boarders, and externs and sacriBties. This portion of the edifice is all that will be completed at present, and the probable cost will be from £3,000 to £4,000. It will ultimately form one side of the quadrangle of a future priory. The collection on Sunday amounted to £193. The Main-road Schedule.—Noticeshaviug been received of the intention of the Govern ment to make certain alterations m the schedule of main lines, by which vanons roads in the South hitherto on the list would be taken off, and placed under the control and in the care of the District Councils, instead ol being kept up by the Main-road Fund, a meeting of delegates from the interested Councfls was held at tho Institute, Strath albyn, on Thursday, November 5, when Mr. F. W. l'aech. Chairman of the Echunga Council, was voted to the chair. Representa tives of the Strathalbyn. Bremer. Onauuga, Echunga, Kondoparinga, and Fort Elliot Councils and of the Strathalbyn Corporation were present. After discussion the following motion, proposed by Mr. B. Smith and seconded bvMr. U. S. Kirkham, was carried:— Ihat delegates be appointed from the various Coun cils interested to wait on the Treasurer to oppose the proposed schedule, and to ask the Government to reconsider their action in the matter." It was resolved that the resolution be conveyed to the members for the district of Mount Barker, asking tliem to arrange with tlie Treasurer to receive tho deputation of delegates. „„ . , r « Month's Aiibivals.—'The arrivals for Octo ber at the Semaphore kept up the average, there being a total of 73 vessels from oversea, besides the squadron of eight war vessels. There were 46 steamers of a total register ton nage of 75,421, and 27 sailing vessels of 19,90b tons, making a total tonnage of 95,327. There were C full-rigged Bhips. 15 barques, 2 bar quettes, 1 schooner, and 4 ketches; and there were 2,356 passengers on board steamers route, and 1,183 passengers landing here. JLhe ports of departure were:—Twenty from Mel bourne, 8 from London, 8 from Western Aus tralia, 5 from Newcastle, 2 from New York,.> from the Baltic, 4 from Hamburg, 7 from Tas mania, 3 from Calcutta, and units from Rotterdam, Marseilles, Liverpool, Vancouver s Island, Algoa Bay. Gottenburg, Mirrimichi, Bremen, Glasgow, Java, and China. Personal—We take the following from the Christian Weekly of November 6 The Key. James Biekford has returned from his stay in the North much invigorated by the ohi mge.— The Rev. W. B. Mather is suffering from an attack of influenza that threatens to lay him aside for a few days. Mr. Mather was to have gone to-morrow to Kangaroo Island to conduct service on Sunday and during next week. If possible, the President will now make other arrangements for the island work. The Rev. J. Guinness Rogers, the eminent Con gregational minister, is, we believe, still alive, notwithstanding a telegram to the contrary which appeared recently in some of the Aus tralian dailies, and was copied into other papers including our own. The telegram really referred to the death of the Rev. George Rogers, the well-known Principal of Hpurgeon's Pastors' College.—The Rev. J. R. Bradburv has suffered bereavement m the death of his father, which occurred after a short illness on Tuesday last at Mitcham. Mr. Bradbury, sen., had only rejoined his son in Australia a few years.— Mr. J. Hood, Home Missionary atDimboola, Western Victoria, is at present on leave of absence on account of ill-health, and, after a short visit to Mount Gambier, has come to Adelaide, trusting to find restoration to physical vigour in the drier cltuiatfi of the city. Mr. Hood, who is suffering from a chest com plaint, is spoken of as a young man of con siderable promise, and we hope that the change may prove beueflcial to him,—Dr. Watkm, of ' the Victorian Conference, left Adelaide for Melbourne by Wednesday's express, after ren dering efficient and much-appreciated service in connection with the Pirie- street anniversary.— Mr. Pearse's third article in the Hclhocbft Times, entitled "Melbourne," is to hand. _ In it he savsBetween the Australian cities there is much rivalry. My own opinion is that Sydney, with its beautiful harbour, is the oiieen: Melbourne is the king ; and Adelaide is the fairy princess." Of the latter he writes: —" It was with great regret that we left Ade laide. As the host of friends gathered about the railway carriago for the farewell it really was hard to tear ourselves from the place and people that we had learnt to_ love so quickly. MrPearse advocates the Episoopal Methodist system for Australia, and designates such men as M r. Burgess and Mr, Newman for the office in this province. Return of the Governor.—His Excel lency the Governor (LordKiptore) and Lady Kintore returned to Adelaide o Tuesday morning after a visit to the Governor of Vic toria (the Earl of Hopetoun) They were acoom panied by Captain Henniker. iLD.C. The Prpmier (Hon. T. Playford, M.P.) and tbe Chief Secretary (Sir J. C. Brav, M.P.), Major Gordon, Mr. Commissioner Peterswald, and Mr. Colin Campbell, Private Secretary, met His Excellency at the station, whence a body of troopers escorted the viceregal party to Government House. The Licensing Bill and the S.A. Alliance. —A meeting of the executive of the South Aus tralian Alliance was held m the office, Becha bite Hall, Grote- street, on Friday November G. Encouraging reports of the general work of the Alliance were presented. The Rev. W. H. Evans, the Alliance -lecturer,' referred to his hearty reception wherever he had visited. Afterroutine matters had been attended to the Licensed Victuallers Amending Bill -was considered, and the following resolution and addendum were unanimously adopted "That in view of the fact that the Licensed Victuallers Amending Bill now before Par liament creates an absolute vested right in licences for the sale of intoxicating liquors for a period of fifteen years, whereas such vested j interest was previously a matter of doubt; I fuither, as the said Bill requires that one-fifth of the ratepayers should sign a petition asking that a poll be taken before the looal option clauses could be put into operation (which would mean about 1,000 signatures in the City of Adelaide of persons who would thus lay themselves open to persecution from those interested in the liquor trade); and retains the objectionable and anti-democratio one-third clause, by which the whole professed purpose of the Bill will be frustrated; further, as the Bill does not contain the absolutely necessary cause giving the power to the people of any locality by a two-thirds vote to say whether any licence or none shall be issued, this execu tive of the S. A. Alliance, while recognising the advantage of the clause absolutely determining any claim to a vested interest in the licence after fifteen years, considers it would be injurious to the interests of the temperance cause and of social reforminthecolonyif the said Bill were to become law, and therefore asks its friendB in Parliament to do all in their power to prevent the Bill from passing in its present form. This executive hereby desires to record its conviction that the Licensed Victuallers Amending Bill, as introduoed by the present Government, was never intended to secure true reform on the liquor question; and further expresses its astonishment at the statement ot the Hon. the Chief Secretary, made in his place in Parliament on Mr. Holder's amendment to give the power of full local option to the people, that the country had never asked for such a provision, seeing that at the lost general elections such demand was fully made, and was promised by a majority of those elected; the Hon. the Chief Secre tary himBelf having declared in favour of local option with compensation, and without any qualifying statement that he only meant partial local option; the fact also being that the Hon. the Premier (Mr. Playford) had declared himself in favour of full local option." It was resolved to do eveiything possible to I prevent the Bill from becoming law in its ' present form. Licensed Victuallers Amendment Bill. —A meeting of the Parliamentary Committee of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was held at their offices, Lome Chambers, on Friday, November G, to consider what effect the clauses already passed of the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Bill would have on the trade, and to decide the best course of action to protect their general interests. The Parliamentary debates on the Bill and the various divisions on the most important points affecting the publicans were reviewed and noted. Regret was expressed that the Government and some members who had pledged themselves to support liberal laws had not voted for the amendments introduced by Mr. Scberk. Reference was made to the manner in which Mr. Gould had argued in Committee when clause 13 was under discus cussion by stating "that 420 ratepayers at North Adelaide had recorded their votes in effectively," without showing what proportion that number bore to the number of ratepayers on the rolls of the two wards, and also that 240 was the number of votes recorded at two separate polls, and that a great proportion of those ratepayers had voted at both polls, and were thus oounted twice. General sur prise was expressed at the little the majority of members of Parliament seemed to know of | the working of the Licensed Victuallers Act, which rendered the trade liable to have laws enacted at haphazard or influenced by extreme agitation. It was resolved—"That the com mittee closely watch the discussions on the remainder of the clauses while passing through Committee, and urge upon members to support Mr. Scherk in his amendments to the Bill." The President said, while watching the progress of the Bill he was surprised at the apathy shown by some members of the House, who on the hustings had promised support, while opponents were ever active. Riding Accidents.—Mr. P J. O'Driseoll writes calling _ attention to the danger of I using small riding stirrups. He says:— "It appears that the horse Mr, Field was j riding fell and threw him from the saddle. The rider's feet, however, had not got clear of the stirrups before the horse reoovered himself, and, frightened at the mishap, dashed off at a furious pace, dragging the unfortunate young fellow along the rough street. Within the past few weeks the Company has paid two claims where death was the result of this sort of accident (the other being that of a promising lad at Port Pirie), and I venture to say that if people could only be induced to use large instead of small stirrups the great number of similarly caused deaths that are yearly recorded throughout Australia would be considerably diminished." On icapa ring A Watkiuvorks.—With regard to sinking shafts in connection with the Happy Valley tunnel, the Commissioner of Public Works has given the Engineer-in-Chie[ in stiuctions that the contracts are to be so pre pared tliat tenderers may send in prices for one or more shafts, and thiB is being done. Drawings and specifications will be ready on Monday next. Mr. H. M. Stanley.—Mr. H. M. Stanley,who I is accompanied by Mrs. Stanley, arrived by the R.M.S. Arcadia on Monday. The great 1 Afrioan explorer, who was unable to visit Ade laide, was met on the steamer by several mem bers of the Geographical Society, Messrs. S. New-land, T. Gill (Hon. Treasurer), J. W. Jones (Hen. Secretary), W. B. Wilkinson, and W. P. Auld. When the latter gentleman was introduced to Mr. Stanley as a memoer of the great Australian exploring party that journeyed across the continent Mr. Stanley evinced considerable interest, and listened attentively to a short account of Stuart's great trip. Apologies were made for the absence of | Sir T. Elder and Sir Samuel Davenport, and 1 Mr. Stanley was informed that these | gentlemen had their carriages in wait ing at the Adelaide Railway Station to convey him around the city and suburbs. Mr. Stanley said he was unable to go on shore then, having made preparations for continuing his voyage to Melbourne, but would be glad to avail himself of the kindness on his return. Mrs. Stanley was also introduced to the members of the Geographical Society. A number of people were on the jetty and at the railway stations waiting to oatch a glimpse of the great explorer, and were, much dis appointed that he did not land. Mr. Stanley will visit and lecture at Adelaide before his re turn. An interview whioh our Special Re porter had with Mr. Stanley on board the mail steamer appears in another column. The Mayor ov Adelaide's Banquet.—His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. Coheu, LLP.), who is retiring from the position at - tho end of the municipal year, entertained a largo representative gathering of members of the Legislature, members of the City and sur rounding Corporations, and of the citizens of Adelaide at a banquet in the Banqueting-room. Town Hall, on Saturday evening, the occasion being his second annual banquet to celebrate the birthday of the Prince of Wales. The affair was a pronounced suooess. The toast list was limited to three sentiments besides the loyal expressions, which were honoured at the instance of His Worship. Alderman Willcox proposed "The Ministry and Parliament,'' which was acknowledged by the Chief Secre tary (Sir J. C. Bray), the Speaker of the House cf Assembly (Hon. J. Coles), and the Hon. E. Ward, M.L.C. The Hon. J._ Hj Gordon tendered "The City of Adelaide," to whioh replies were made :by His Worship, Alderman Bullock, and Coun cillor Robertson. The proceedings closed with the toast of "His Worship," given by His Honor Mr. Justioe Bundey. His Worship gave an encouraging statement respecting city finances. Mr. Rudyaud Kipling.—In the course of a Hew Zealand interview Mr. Kipling Baid he was four years in India, bat - went to England at five years old to be educated, and remained there until he was sixteen, when he returned to India, and soon went into journalistic work, which he had seven years of before he went to England again for two years. At the end of that period he started on his tour, going to Cape Town in the mail steamer Mexican, and coming on thence in the Doric. He was im mensely struck with South Africa, and deeply regretted he could not stay longer than a fortnight there. "It is a most fascinating place, he observed. "There is an Empire behind Cape Town. Already they have a rail way line a hundred miles into the interior. There are almost unlimited future possibilities for that South Afrioan Empire. Ho one can say what its future is to be, but it must bo something big." He then went on to speak of the difference between India and all other British dependencies. "England cannot colonize India," he said. "The pure white race always dies out in three generations. The only chance of survival is inter marriage with the natives and then you can get a race that can stand the climate. The pure English blood cannot. India will always be bound up with England. The colonies may grow into new nations and separate in time, but India never." Our chat veered in the direction of the Australian Colonies " I never was in Victoria," he said, "but there were some Melbourne people on board the Doric, and I was amazed at the extent to which they did ' blow' (to use Trollope's word) about Melbourne. They seemed convinced there was nothing like it in the whole world. Why, you might drop the whole population of Australia into one of our river beds, and nobody would notice that the river ran any thicker than usual. . . . Colonials seem to me much more like Anglo-Indians or American than English people. You are used' to bigger things and more rapid progress, except as to your railway travelling, and 1 see ypu. don't hurry in that respect. Mr. Kipling-said he wanted to see all he possibly coula of the Maories, their habitations, manners, and customs. "I want to see natives and wonders, and to keep myself warm and quiet. I expect to leave Wellington in a few days for Auckland overland, thence shall I go on to Auckland. I have a great wish to see the South Sea Islands, and to meet Robert Louis Stevenson, to whom I shall gladly take off my hat, for I have a hearty admiration for him. I shall stay a short time in" Samoa, and then make for my real home—India. I may touch at the Australian Colonies on the way, but my great desire after visiting Samoa is to do Africa thoroughly. I must be baok in England, if possible, by next February or March." Ingenious Imposture.—A device, by means of which a number of solicitors in various parts of England have evidently been imposed upon, has been brought to light. Some years ago Mr. Brown, a well-known Ranger of Rose water, left for England with his wife, a woman not unknown to the polioe in this colony. Hothing further has been heard of him, but his wife appears to have been earning notoriety. In November of last year Messrs. Dempster, Webb, & Dempster, solicitors, of Fort Ade laide, who had acted for Mr. Brown, received a communication from Messrs. Carlyon and Stephens, solioitors, of St. Austell, Cornwall, stating that they had been consulted by Mrs. Annie Brown, who had informed them that Mr. W. Dace, of Yongala sheep station, Yarrowie, North, had recently died and left her a legacy of £3,000. Her pecuniary position was not good, and they were desirous of obtaining particulars of the will among other matters. The Fort Adelaide firm made enquiries and found that no such person as named hod died in the colony. A reply to this effect was sent to England, and in June a letter was received stating that the woman had been convicted of obtaining money under false pretences, and that she was an impudent and clever impostor. Nothing further was heard _ for some time, but last September a similar communication was received from a firm of solicitors at Liver pool. In this case the name of the lady seek ing advice was Mrs. EUcn Howard, who had received a letter from a Mrs. Harris to the effect that her uncle, Mr. Harris, had died on July 31 and left a legacy of £2,500, whioh she sought to recover. Since then twenty letters have poured into Messrs. Dempster, Webb, and Dempster from all parts of England. All have been replied to that the attempt is a fraud. The Chief Secretary and the police have aUo been acquainted. The Frauds on the Federal Bank.— Although there has been no startling develop ment in connection with the clever frauds' and the daring robbery at the Federal Bank of Australia (says the Melbourne Standard of November 7), Deteotives D. G. O'Donnett and C. Wardley, who are in hot pursuit of the olerk Fourdrinier, hope shortly to discover something concerning the absconder's present whereabouts. Enquiries at the Bank tend to show that the defalcations are not more than £1,417, the amount first published. In what ever way accused may have utilized the large sums of money he appropriated from time to time, it is tolerably clear that he has dissipated his ill-gotten gains in turf ventures and other rash speculations. The detectives are of opinion that, being without money, the ab sconder will find it very difficult to make good hiB escape, and his capture upon an early date is looked forward to. Yongala Water Supply.—Messrs. C. Giles and L. O'Loughlin, members for Frome, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works on Tuesday and presented a letter from the Clerk of the Yongala District Council calling attention to the spring waters from the Menin Creek, and suggesting that an examina tion should be made as to its quality for domestic purposes, locomotive supply, and irrigation. The writer stated that the creek iu ■ question drained a large extent of country, and the water could be turned to profitable account. The Commissioner promised to get a report. TriE Hu.ts Railway Viaducts. — The late Engireer-in-Chicf (Mr. H. C. Mais) was in Adelaide recently, and he has written the following letter from Melbourne to the Treasurer with regard to the viaducts cn the Hills Railways:—"Be the viaduots (Nairne Railway]—Under the above heading I note a letter written to the editor of the Advertiser which was published in the issue of the 5th inst. I don't know in whose interests the writer desires to see the viaducts filled in with earth, but I do know that he is an alarmist, and what is more knows nothing of the subject upon which he has offered bis advice. I say unhesitatingly that as regards any danger that may accrue from a train leaving the rails any where between Adelaide and the Murray, there is no place on the whole line of railway be tween those two points ovet which it is safer to travel than over these viaducts, and there is further no other point on the line where it iB next to impossible if a vehicle does leave the rails where it would be less liable to turn over than on these viaducts, and any one who has ever inspected the appliances placed on tbem for that purpose must hold the same opinion. It is also a matter of indif ference whether a train is ascending or de scending the grade leading to those viaducts; j in either event it would be carried safely across, and I hold that the plan pursued is far preferable to making a bank 96 feet high on eloping ground liable to subsidence from time tp time after it is made, and to slips at any time, and if by any chance a train left the rails at this point I do not think it would make much difference to the unfortunate passengers whether they rolled down a long slope such as this would be if it were a bank, or falling ver tically over the viaducts, which I state to be next to impossible. It is an absurd craze which some persona possess, who know nothing whatever about, the subject^ and are con tinually pressing to have tnese iron structures filled up. Why .don't the Victorian public clamour to have the Werribee Viaduot filled in oh the main line to Adelaide, it being an en larged copy of . the Nairne Viaducts, being higher, longer, and wider? Or why do the people of New York travel daily by hundreds and thousands on their iron skeleton elevated railways running through their city ? 1' can assure you that these structures on the Ade laide and Nairne Railway are absolutely safe, more so, in fact, than any other portion of that line, provided of oourse they are properly maintained, and I have every reason to know that more than ordinary care is given to all 1 the iron bridges on this line, and the public need not be alarmed by such writers as he who signs himself 'Public Safety' in the Advertiser of the 5th inst. _ I must apologize for writing you onthis subject, knowing that you have a professional adviser upon whom you can rely; but I have not yet lost my interest in the works in South Australia with whioh I was -connected for so many years, although not now residing in the colony." ' Loans to Distbict Councils.—On Wed of several loanB being granted to District Councils' under the vermin-proof Fencing Act. This Act was passed during the present session, and this is the first batch of loans granted under it. ; Onrafaiunoa Waterworks.—In the As sembly on Wednesday Mr. Horn asked whether ] the Government intended to resume the water shed of the proposed reservoir at Happy Valley, because people who intended to plant vines were anxious to know if their land would be taken from them. The reply of the Premier <Hon.. T. Playfordj was that there was no necessity for the resumption of the watershed. He understood that the local drainage conld be kept out of the reservoir by drains without much expense, and that course would be adopted in preference to the purchase of the ] watershed. ] An Honest Act.—A young man called on Wednesday afternoon upon the Secretary of i the Stock Exohange of Adelaide with scrip : which he had found for shares in a big Broken Hill Company. There was nothing to prevent him selling the shares, but he preferred to give I the rightful owner a ohanoe of reoovering his property. Notices announcing the find were duly posted by the Secretary of the Exchange, and Sir. E. D. Davies. the owner's broker, laid claim to the scrip. A fitting reward will be paid to the finder. Okfheus Society-.—On Wednesday evening a meeting of members of the Orpheus Society w as held in the Albert*Hallto consider the posi tion of the Society. Sir John Bray, M.P., occu pied the chair, and stated that owing to the sudden departure of the Secretary (Mr. F. W. Maudsley) the affairs of the Society were not in such a flourishing state as they had hoped. It would be well not to worry over the past, lout to face the future. Mr. R. J. Coombs (Chairman of the committee) read a statement which showed that the Sosiety was absut £«0 to tho bad, including coining claims. Mr. C. 1 J. Stevens moved that steps be taken at once to trips off the liability. It was useless to 1 indulge in recrimination. Mr. Coombs inti mated that Mr. Maudsley's aocounts were deficient to the extent of £5119s., and there were accounts outstanding for nearly the same amount, which the money missing would have met. After some discussion it was decided that tickets be issued at three for half a guinea available for any concert during the season. A fair number of tickets were subscribed for in the room. The Telephone as a Weather Prophet.— The telephone is about to have another appli cation, namely, that of foretelling storms. According to the Optician " a new discovery has been made as to one of the properties of this means of transmitting sound. By placing tvvo iron bars at seven or eight metres dis tance: from each other and then putting them in communication on one side by a copper •wire covered with rubber and on the other | side with a telephone, a storm can, it is said, be predicted at least twelve hours ahead through a dead sound heard in the receiver. According as the storm advances the sound resembles the beating of hailstones against the windows. Every flash of lightning, and, of course, every olap of thunder that accompanies the storm, produces a shock similar to that of a stone cast between the diaphragm and the instrument." . > Another Australian Medicine.—Judging by a testimony from Mr. David Lindsay, tho explorer, there- should be a great future for -wattle bark as an -Australian medicine. Mr James Just, of Parkside, who haB taken an in terest in collecting the dnst from the machi nery which grinds the wattle bark, and after dissolving ft in water distributing the same to friends, gave Mr. Lindsay a quantity of the preparation. From Esperance Bay Dir. Lindsay wrote with regard to it as follows:—"I was enabled to give it a very practical test, as Mr. Wells, my surveyor, was suffering from chronic dysentery. His diet consisted entirely of farinaceous food. Any water but rain would upset him. He was very thin indeed. Well, he took a dose of wattle bark, and the dysentery was almost immediately stopped, and I believe be has quite recovered, although he has to pay strict attention to his diet. He has gained a stone in weight, and is quite fat and well. His friends would be astonished at the difference in him." 11 might be added that Mr. Just took the idea of using the wattle bark as .medicine from the natives. The GorKBKon Musbbave.—The steamer w'T\or Musgrave returned to Tort Adolaicie on i n day after an absence of eight or nine days, during which she1 towed six pontoons,1 carrying a Pnestman's crane and other dredg ing material, to Port Broughton. The vessel first went to Port Victor, and after attending to some of the buoys in tlie harbour towed a Muple of pontrons which had been in use on the Murray to Corney Point, where the other plant was taken on. Dredging at Port .Brough ton has been lately authorized, and it is intended to take off some lumps which still in the middle of the channel. A number of lighthouses were also visitod and stores dis tributed. Public Schools' Flobal and Indbsiuzal Exhibition.—This Exhibition, which is always looked forward to with widespread interest, was opened at the Jubilee Exhibition Building on Friday week by the Minister of Educa tion (Bon. J. G. Jenkins), 'throughout the afternoon and evening there was a rood atten dance. The Show was quite equal to a.nv of its predecessors both as to entries and the quality of exhibits. During the afternoon there was a singing com2»tition between the schools In the evening the Sturt-street and North Ade laide schools pave a concert. A musical drill was engaged in by infants from the North Adelaide School, and physical training exer cises were performed by children of the Grote street School. Newspamse Postage. — Owing to South Australia having joined the Postal Union the rule with regard to overweight news | papers is being strictly carried out by the i Post-Office officials. All newspapers for | foreign countries that weigh more than 4 or„ must carry extra postage. The rate for the united Kingdom and the colonies remains as before. It is unfortunate that the authorities at the Post-Office should have brought about so important a change without giving sufficient public notice. The Adelaide Observer weighs considerably over 4 oz., and many copies have been posted without the proper value in stamps. In the ease of those sent direct^ from the office an opportunity was given ofaffixing the additional postage, but it is certainly an extraordinary thing that the postage should be suddenly doubled with ' ,Pr0Ifr Notice. It was understood that the Postal Union conferred considerable advan tages upon the countries joining it, but the imposition of an almost prohibitive postage upon the larger papers which penetrate into all corners of the world and make the colony known in out-of-the-way places ean hardly be considered a benefit. The action of the Post Office authorities in this matter, especially iu not making the public acquainted with the cnange, is another instance of the policy fol lowed by the department of allowing the public to find out changes for themselves a policy often to the disadvantage of the service as well as to individuals. The Gilmoue Memorial Fund.—On Friday afternoon a meeting of ladies interested in the Jdugb Giltnore Memorial Fund was held at Jackmans Rooms. The matter was warmly taken up. Several points requiring immediate attention were dealt with, and it was decided to hold a further meeting on Friday, Novem ber 20. The ladies are hoping to render practical assistance to the family by means other than those adopted by the General Fund Committee. Death of a Diver.—On Tuesday morning the adjourned inquest as to tlie death of the diver i rank Tietz, who died while engaged in diving work, was, held at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, The Jury returned the following verdict:—'"We are of opinion that the deceased came to his death by gradual suffocation, accelerated by phvsioal unfitness for the work, and that no blame is attachable to any one." ' An Insolvent Sent to Gaol.—On Tuesday morning, at the Insolvency Court, His Honor Mr. Commissioner Russell delivered judgment in the case of Robert Frederick Bates, of Booleroo Centre, storekeeper. The ease has occupied the Court at different times since June last, and the solicitor for two firms who were creditors laid charges against the insol vent. His Honor found that some of the charges were substantiated, and ordered the insolvent to be imprisoned for three months; at the end of that time a second-class certifi cate to be awarded, but to be suspended for six months, . Death of Mil H. L. Du Rieu.-TIio death is announced, at his residence, Maylands, on November 10, of Mr. H. L. Du Rieu. Tlie deceased was well known in connection with municipal affairs both in the city and the eastern suburbs, and was always au energetic and capable officer. He was an old colonist, and was about sixty years of age. At Tues day's meeting of the St. Peters Corporation, which he served as Inspector of Weights and Measures and prosecutor, reference was made to Mr. Du Rieu's decease, and it was decided to forward a letter of condolence to his widow. The Chief JtxsTrcE.—The London oorres pondent of the Perthshire Journal writing on beptember 28 last respecting the Chief Justice says;—"The Chief Justice of South Aus tralia, Hon. S. J. Way, has for some months been a conspicuous figure in London society. On the other side fie is generally regarded as the most perfect host in the colony, ana few Englishmen of any position at all who have i visited Adelaide have not exiiorienced bis hospitality. As a Chief Justice lie is regarded with a good deal of favour bv high legal autnoritice, but no one seeing him for the first time would even guess liis profession. His presence is everything rather than dignified, liis unrest and fidgetiness are eternal, while as a dandy be is equalled bv few. Yet some bow in spite of his quaint little vanities the Chief Justice is ono of the most popular men I know." Glenklg Railways.—We understand that the G'°ne.Ie Railway Company have made arrangements with Mr. H. C. Mais, C.K., late Engineer-in-Chief of South Australia, to in spect their lines and rolling-stock every two or three months and report to them. It is not their intention to apjxiint a permanent engi neer. As we have before stated, Mr. Babbage will undertake tlie duties of Secretary and Traffic Manager. The Commissioner of Public "Works.— The Horn W. B. Rounsevell (Commissioner of Public Works) is suffering from ft severe attack of influenza. Accident to Gekkbal Downks.— As the infantiy were marching back from Dry Creek on Monday the Commandant (Major-General Downee, C.M.G.) and bis staff were riding at the front. Just as they were about to break into a canter the General's horse tripped and fell, throwing its rider to the ground. General Downes soon had attendance, and although be had a nasty shaking he eventually sufficiently recovered to mount his horse again and ride home. The accident which befell General Downes on Monday is more serious than was at first supposed. Dr. Giles, who is attending him, states that a small bloodvessel in the lungs was ruptured. Some time must elapse before the General can resume his duties. We understand that on Thursday morning the Commandant was not bo well as on the pre vious day. The accident which he had on Monday has evidently seriously injured him, and< he is now confined to his bed, pleurisy having set in. [ Hugh Gilmobe Memoblai. Fund.—We have received the following additional amounts at thus officeJames Telfer, £1; Juhn K. Telfer, 10b.; Janet W. Telfer, 5s.; Lizzie B. Telfer, 5s.; Agnes Lily Teller, 5s.; Janet W. Farrant, 5s.; James W. Farrant, 108.; S. Toms,-£5 5s.; Edward Spicer, £10. Amount of subscriptions previously acknowledged £270 6s. Further amounts£5 5s., Strathmore; £4 4s., W. K. Thomas & Co.;£3 3s., Donaldson, Andrews and C6., C. Temby; £2 2s., A. W, Silver; £2, G. Homan; £1 Is., Revs. W. Howchin, J. WcEwin, Messrs. J. Trev&ills;, A. & W. Woodcock, P, Le Cornu, E. Davies, W. Silver, J. Roach, J. R., A. Loutit, A. H. H., J. Moss's Employes, Alex Melrose; £1, J. Bnrdsley, N. T. Simmonds, D. Nock, C. Kdgcumbe, M. Patrick; £5 5s., G. F. Gardiner, W. H. D.; £3 3s.. P. Crank, W. J. Brook; £2 2s., William Gilbert, James Bath, J. W. Gonell, James Odium, James A, John son, H. Bower, D. R. Goldsmith, Trebla; £1 Is., H. Cotton, C. H. Kile, E. N. Wigg, M. E. Jones, M. Miller, Hon. G. W. Cotton, James Cumming; £1, C. L. M., G. S. Cotton, H. D. Gell, F. J. N.; sums under £1, £713s. Gd.; £5 5s,, D. & W. Murray; £2 2s., Win. Diment, H. J. Secomb; £2, W. H. B., John Wyles; £1 Is., C. G. Gurr, Mrs. C. Aubery; £1, H. L., Mr. Jesse Ridley, H. W.; per Register, £32 13s.; total, £418 12s. Gd. G. Homan should have been G. Sloman. The public are requested to notice that all the funds raised are- to be devoted entirely to the benefit of the widow and family. The follow have been raised by Mr. W. Parry, of Caltowie5s.—Messrs. W. Parry, Reignold, S. Wenham, J. McCann, R, Martin, T. Murrie, J. A. Leahy, Hancock, Macdonald, Swearse, Hill, A. McCallum, J. H. Ferry, J. L. Whisson, W. B. Pepperell, W. Basedow, J. Kelly, and Mrs. Lee; a friend .(2); 2a. Gd.— Messrs. Horn, Kranz, T. Leahy, Steickly, E. Eoremem, T. Dunstan, A. Larson, J. M. Bundle, Boehem, and O'Dea; three German friends, 3s.; small sums, 3s. Gd. Total, £G13s. Sensational Shootikc Aitair.—At about G o'clock on Tuesday evening a man named Charles W. Smith was found lying near the railway line between Peterhead and Largs Bay j in an insensible condition. A Permanent Artilleryman named Duffy, who was in the vicinity, saw the man and informed the police at the Semaphore. Constable Considine went back with him, and they removed the man to the Port Adelaide Police Station. Dr. Toll made a hurried examination there, and finding a bullet wound on the head near the right ear ordered his immediate removal to the Casualty Hospital. There he was thoroughly examined by the doctor, who found a wound G in. deep. He probed it to that depth, but failed to find the missile. The man sufficiently recovered to be able to say that the affair was accidental; but that statement is considered doubtful, the circumstances pointing to attemp ted suicide. A search of his clothes produced a five-chambered revolver loaded in ail but one chamber, and the supposition that the affair was not accidental was founded on the fact that the wound was a straight one for over six inches, the bullet having entered the brain.- fhe man had evidently been drinking. Late on Tuesday night he was in a very critical state, under the charge of the police. Smith is an unmarried man oif about thirty-five years of age, and is believed to be a miner of Manna liill. He has been living in Adelaide recently, and came from Philadelphia about seven years ago. The bullet has not yet been found, and there appears to be no change in the condition of the man. Education in the South-East.— Mr. Cock intends to move in the Assembly on November 18—"That provision should be made for the education of all children of school-going age, whether the children of those engaged as line repairers or not, who are living between Cook's Plains and Mount Gambier." The Tasmaniapr Exhibition.— Mr. H. J. Scott, the Commissioner for South Australia at this Exhibition, who is at present in Vic toria, remarks, in a letter to an Adelaide gentleman, that the Exhibition Building is a pretty little permanent structure, resembling the Adelaide J ubileo Exhibition Building. It includes a Concert Hall with excellent aeousfie properties, and attached is a pretty public park. The whole of the expenses of buildings, annexes, &c.;, has already been liaid from space-money. Mr. Scott further says that he has arranged to have a special bar, at which Adelaide wines will be sold, and also for the disposal of the wines iu the dining rooms of the Exhibition. Bi.ytii and Gladstone Railway. — The Government officers are making progress with the preliminary work connected with the Blyth and Gladstone Railway so as to facilitate its sjiecdy completion when a practical start is made along the route. The Government have not decided whether to call for tenders'for the construction of the line or to undertake the work themselves. The Conciliation Hall.—There is nothing fresh to record with relation to the Concilia tion Hall movement. The Employers' Union and the Trades and Labour Counoil have written to the Chief Secretary, who called their attention to the resolution agreed to by the House of Assembly, stating that they are considering the matter, and will communicate their decisions later on. The Destitute Sick.—Mr. Butler placed upon the Assembly Notice-paper on Tuesday the motion—" That in the opinion of this House better provision should be made for the destitute sick." Belaih Baptist Chapel.—On Sunday and Monday last the anniversary services were held. The Rev. R. Woolcoclt, of Mitcham, preached on Sunday morning, and in the I evening an evangelical service was conducted by the members of the Baptist Association. The usual tea and public meeting followed on Monday evening. All the services wore well attended, and the proceeds were satisfactory. Gkneuai. Booth's Approaching Visit.— The programme is being mapped out in con nection with General Booth's approaching | visit. Amongst other events already arranged it has been decided that the General will j address a select meeting in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Tuesday afternoon, November 24. During his stay in Adelaide the head of the Army will receive a deputation of ministers from the Wealeyan Church, and also will address the Ministerial Association. Major | Jeffries left for Melbourne by the express on Wednesday, in company with 100 officers, to take part in the great meetings and Coun cil to be held by tbe General in Melbourne. Railway Returns.—The railway revenue J for the week ending November 7 was £22,687, that for tbe corresponding week of 1830 being I £23,817, showing a decrease of £1,130. The Late Mrs. John Stephens.—Our i obituary notices contain tbe announcement of 1 tlie death of Mrs. John Stephens, widow of the late Mr. John Stephens, a former proprie : tor of tbe KA. Register and Observer. Her ] death occurred on Sunday afternoon at the residence of her son-in-law, Mr, C. J. Fenny, at the Semaphore. The Fobgkd Banknotes.—The Commis sioner of Folice wishes it to be notified that after the publicity which has been given to the fact of the forgery of Bank.of Adelaide notes, and the intimation given by the Bank as to presentation, any one found attempting to pass counterfeits will be liable to prosecution. The Pope's Encyclical on Labour.—On Tuesday evening Mr. E. Pariss Nesbit initiated a discussion on " The Pope's Encycli cal on Labour" before the Australian Natives' Association. Mr. Nesbit remarked at the outset that the Association had no connection with any religious body. The Pope's con clusions must be taken as a decided deliverance by members of his Church. Mr.1 Stead had thought that the encyclical was of 1 such an important character that he had not only devoted to it a great deal of space in his magazine but haa issued a pamphlet on the subject. It was clear that the ency clical was a reasonable and fair consideration of the interests of capital and labour. Mr. Nesbit then referred to the definitions which 1 orthodox political eoonomists had given in relation to wages, and the axiom that they put 1 forward that wages were regulated by the ratio ' between the amount of the wage fund and the ! amount of labour available. This doctrine threw no light upon the matter. What they wanted to Know was as to the causes which determined the amount of the wages fund. The tendency, according to these writers, was, and must necessarily be, for remuneration to be reduced to such an extent that the workers would be simply in receipt of starvation wages. By this orthodox political eoonomy human beings were simply machines for making money. In the encyclical the Pope was careful to be so disinterested as not to favour any particular class, but his ideas were in exact | opposition to the views of the old political economists. Mr. Nesbit parenthetically re ferred to Mr. Kingston's Conciliation BiU, which had been very carefully prepared, and he thought the thanks of the community were due to him for the service which he had rendered to the State. He then dealt with several clauses of the encyclical. Speak ing of labour disturbances Mr. Nesbit said he sympathized with the labourers, but peace must be kept without considering any par ticular class. His Holiness was in favour of the preservation of the law, and he was Btrong in his opinion that disputes should be pacifi cally settled. Whethbr tbey were Roman Catholics, Anglicans, Dissenters. Unitarians, or Agnostics, he hoped all would agree with the Popes noble reference to the brotherhood of man. _ Mr. H. S. Taylor thought the one discrepancy in the encyclical was His Holiness's reference to private property in land. His argument that land whioh was bought belonged to the urchaser might equally apply to slavery. The remainder of the encyclical was a fair and able review of the labour question. The President of the Trades and Labour Council (Hon. A. Kirkpa'rick, M.L.C.) said he had enjoyed Mr. Nesbit's remarks. There was a lot of theory about the subject, but what they wanted was practice. They recognised the beautiful sentiment of the brotherhood of man. What they wanted was honesty among men, and lie was sure if they had that society would be righted. He agreed with Mr. Nesbit as to the suppression of law lessness, and he could only say that lawlessness only injured the cause they had at heart. Ho referred to difficulties .which were , caused by the reduction of wages. A man who. worked for the reduced remuneration not only injured his fellow- employes but the employers of other men. This led to buying in the cheapest market arid selling in the dearest without any consideration to the interests of the community. He admired Mr, Kingston's Conciliation Bill, but if it was tc be effective it must be made compulsory. He favoured Christian State socialism. Under that system* people would not be so wicked as to used discord between classes. The Hon. ' R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C., agreed with what Mr. Nesbit had said, but he could not see how conditions were to be bettered unless unlimited competition were done away with.' He could not see the use of Mr. Kingston's Conciliation Bill while there was such unrestricted com petition. The panacea for the existing evils was State co-operation. Mr. J. Z. Sellar thought the Pope either did not understand the question, or being in the position he was he could not give expression to his views. Mr. J. F. Conigrave also spoke on the question, and a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Nesbit for initiating the discussion, and to Messrs. Kirkpatriek and Guthrie for their attendance. The Frenchman's Rock.—Great interest has often been aroused (writes our Shipping Reporter) over the Frenchman's Riock, Kangaroo Island, which was inscribed by Admiral Baudin in 1803. A short time back Mr. F. Sanderson, being on a yachting cruise to Hog Bay, took a photograph of the rock, and sent a copy to the Agent-General, who forwarded it to the French Ambassador in London. The following letter was received from the Embassy:—" Sir—I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of the letter in which you have been so good as to enclose the photograph of a French inscription made upon a rock in South Australia. I beg of you to accept my thanks for the interesting descrip tion, which I have transmitted to my Govern ment. Accept the assurance ol my considera tion.—'WaiwingTON." It has been suggested that some steps should be taken to protect the inscription from the ravages of time and the elements, and if Mr. Sanderson's photo only has the effect of calling the attention of the Geographical Society to the rock his task will not have been in vain. Deep Hoi,kr in the Earth.—We have some very deep colliery workings, in this country (says an English paper), but the deepest of tbem is far excelled in venturesomeness into the bowels of the earth by several of the shafts on the Continent. Ashton Moss Colliery, in Lancashire, has a depth of 2,850 ft. below the surface, and the celebrated Monkwearmouth Sit, in Durham, lias a depth of 1,800 ft. In iohemia there are two shafts which, measured from the surface, have a depth of 3,04(1 ft. and 3,509 ft. respectively, but the commencement of the sinking is 1,700 ft. above the sea level. In Prussian- Saxony there is a boring which has been carried down to the prodigious depth of 5,736 ft. In Belgium a shaft has been sunk below sea level 3,084 ft., and this is supposed to be the deepest penetration of the earth's crust yet effected. At these depths the .work men are always perspiring. They have a uni form temperature a trifle too high for comfort. Unpensionkd Heroes.—A gentleman resi dent in this colony, who is on the retired list of the Indian Army, lately noticed bytheEnglish Parliamentary reports that there was a proba bility of Eome additional aid being given to necessitous soldiers of Her Majesty's foroes who had passed through the Crimean campaign and Indian mutiny. He wrote to the Secre tary of State for War, pointing out that there are in this colony several of that class. A reply has been received from the _War Office, stating that on a representation being made to that office of the cases of the soldiers referred to their claim to the special pensions to be awarded to a limited number of necessitous old soldiers will be taken into consideration. All documents relating to their armyservice should also be forwarded to the department insupport of their claim. Mr. Wyberb Reeve, the Cap tain! of the Corps Commissionaires, has kindly undertaken to assist applicants in representing tbeir cases to the authorities. University Examinations.—In the Theory of Mnsic—Junior Public—Herman A. Gemy , (not Gerney) should have been described as of St. Peter's College, I 