A GHOST IN A PALACE. Ifl -csr totollmy friends and acquainances otthispracticaT. age feat t lived fir ome'jcara'jno palace, at my ease, had free, 5ghfc to wander over itB magnificent apartments, to disport myself in its tennis courts nd pleasure grounds, with 'Vassals —or. ather, a. vaBsal—at my side, they would «ink, shake their knowing leads, and probably ask me if I had started a new edition of "fairy tales." Bat such is, nevertheless, a fact. I not only lived in a palace, but drew my first breath, and opened my round and probably wondering eyes upon scenes of past glories. Ins word, 1 was bom in a wine of the celebrated palace, standing on tie river Wensom, at Norwich, owned by the renowned bnt ill-fated ni_f«WI TlnVn Duko of Norfolk, who went to Ub srava without to kead for attempting to establish the power of the no less ill-fated lady Jane Grey. JIacaulay grows eloquent in describing the loading. He speaks of ite splendour, iiow the drinking ^vessels were of una the commoner kinds., of .sterling, flfoer. He also: informs a?-reader that Itdian arfastB were employed tb decorate tie panels with beautiful pictures, and_ that Duke's PaJace " was the finast town house oitt.of.London. : •„ , wth jegard to the gold and silver vessels, I-oan8ay nothing, as I- never taw _any, or heard ofany bang found. - My •'•ohnstening mug," i feiuywas nothing better thauilectroplato, andthjat of "-a third-claiE quality, for we were a "poor lot^ lut I can speak as to the woAs of the Italian masters: On the' landings—on some of wiucb n coach and four ought have stood comfortably—the panels ore traces of byegone art. ' • • o a My father followed ttp craft of » goldeater, and overs, carved yorch was suspended c he insignia of his calling—a., brazen arm, Uiamallet poised aloft inithedendied fist. - ' , kect one servant (my vassal), named Matilda fledges, a damsel who borrowed oldstyle books from the circulating library, and •went to bed replete with honors every night. • Occasionally I would creep down to the kitchen—it bad been a servants' hall in former dayg—to give Matilda a scare. The scene is plain enough before me now. A small table —which looked as if it had lost its way, and wandered into the crypt of a church—a guttering candle, and a small fire in a vrafce at which a sheep might have been misted. Poor Matilda! My parents trade her as comfortable as circumstances would allow, bnt I have often wondered that amid the .gloom and shadows of that dismal region she did not conjure up plenty of ghosts without the aid of " The Castle isf Ontario"' and "The Seven Footsteps m the Dungeon." Whenever I announced my presence with a goblin-like yell, the circulating library suffered. One portion-of it went clean over her head, detrnncntal to its binding and general arrangemeiit, and Matilda, who was, perhaps, absorbed in a thrilling episode, would turn very white, and utter strange sounds in her Ihrost isuggestive of the energetic winding-np of the kitchen clock. _ But ehe forgave me almost immediately. The girl loved me. She had held me in her arms as a baby, put up with my. childish ways, petted and spoilt me, and I believe that she would have cot up in the middle of * wtnter'-s jiight and trudged on her bare feet ten miles over a stony road "to do me a service. One (night—1 think it was in the middle •of GeWber—a mighty storm of wind andrain •swept rrer the ancient city. The gale howled and shrieked like a pack of fiends let •loose upon a tortured world. Windows rattled, signboards creaked, huge stacks oi •chimnevs rocked, and every now end then •csme n" crash telling of destruction of property, and perhaps injury to limb and life. My father was «t work in a room at the topof the house, but he could Etand it no longer. He came downstairs, looking very •pale, and said that the air was full of sounds such as he had never heard before, the flutter- •ing of thousands of huge' wings, hoarse, un- • earthly cries, and occasionally a loud thud, >«s"if something had fallen from the clouds. My grandmother, whoresidid withuB at 'the time, referred him at once to Banyan's '"•Holy War," and to improve the occasion, fished that most excellent book from a book- \- oase, -and began to read from it in as solemn tones as though she were refreshing our memories -with the Service for the Burial of the'Sead. • "Not far from our house—palace, I sK.iiff" -fiay—was the ancient church of.Si--I£&y-inthe- Mareh;, and above the storm we thought heat -tbo-homning of "the big bell from time to time.. ««Heaven .preserve us said my father, who was pacing the room like a caged tiger. " We flhaU have 'the house down about our ears presently." ' It is a jodgment- on the wicked," responded my grandmother. "Woe to the unrighteous - vEhis was rather an unkind thing for a mother to eay to her son, who charged her not for board and lodging; but my father passed it over, and observing that fright was driving me fast to the borders of idiocy, sat at my side and spoke words of encouragement to ine. • He told me that such conflicts of the elements were all sent to fulfil the laws laid down at the Creation, and without them the air would become so fall of impurities that we could not live. " Lightning kills blight and olears the at- "moBohere, 1 ' he was saying, when the raom. beame filled with s horrid quivtring glare of steel blue, and the next instant s terrific peal of thunder drowned the voice of the hurricane. ' • I cannot sit here and know that Matilda is alone," cried my mother, starting up. " Matilda '. Oirl! Matilda, -come up here and sit with ns." MnfiMn came up very slowly. She was trembling in every nerve, and her face was as white as if it had been bleached and powdered with Chinese flake afterwards. My mother gave her a few teaspoonfuls of brandy, carefully hoarded and kept only for medicinal purposes, andMatflda, after throwing her apron over her head, and giving vent to afew spasmodic sobs; waanble to speak. Oh, marm," she said, " this is more than a storm. The ooals and cinders flew ont of the grate just now just as if somebody had caught them up in their hands. And then down the chimbley—oh, good gracious me!— I heard Bounds like people fighting and cursing." " A judgment on the wicked city," declared my grandmother". " Well, I have led a good life, and I am prepared to go." *' That must console you immensely,'" said my father, testily. " What nonsense is this? I. was wrong to mention anything about strange sounds. Of course there would be no. end to them in such a storm as this. There, there! the wind if dropping, and the. storm cloudBarerolKng away. Ideally believe that my .grandmother, fdt -disappointed at fiiis Satisfactory state of afiaua,**nd that ehe would have liked at least one«able of .the house to come down •with ft rattle, but' whether she would have cured to be tinder it »s another quesUop, . Jie fltorm ^ased aipay.- and ihen the streets land courta became'full of people. Ifcn-J and women^kliknas>K&3J& x>&,er anlniBlliiij ilnlli) liiiTjTiiiliiil%ii «f1he 7 Grpat JSsgue'Of M o » Tmt on Te&nng; ionie lux rather «uiprisel,1!at heartngJniy ^randmtther.-whohad been dooming the city to destru^ion, *sk my father to «mg All nnmd myiiat I weara green willow*. (hen inuGh in vog-ce s :• Batmy Isthec wis He ordered me to Bd, nod I started on the dark iouiney up Etatrs. and finally found myaelf in my«.5oustnmedbedroom, r-- i contained no leu than five Tfmdowe, snfhv^iamond-shapei -^panes. -eaii being •opened w>tb»niron bar drilled with holes, !to3w fitted to a p^gOB oooaaion aemanded. fOnr loBefBthew. wB are iol3, were meavy iafankerH,«na jnoue respect .i_*un certain fhey .vnsefond of draughti^Whoi those «mdows wwepartJ v-open-^t was afightljetneen oold in ththtad and SrastitaUoii, and the ftttjner generally gained the masteiy "There^rere talltvroboa^? too In that toOm «i which menitafcwtlugh could "fceve *tood ^upright withost ifc^r of inockmg tiiiar heada ^ui hugsiieams jRuchasjrpoW jpjike * "jerry . £Sdef»'^io-day Btarccnwang the ceiling ' It M e liea «tood ^natr the ooor—a «nassive oakjfflan-fitted with «a iron latofa, ocally Rented « * anatrih —mA man. « i3ght '|trhen"the moonbeams play«d «t iude Sue«kw?thifce AadowstrffiMwy/rhave »ort \- ... . ..„ . i raua^yjbat ofgeuden: a? -s, 3 jwntmg X «ras stead of setting nil .for the h» hour of Shadonlanda few minutes after going on board, as was my usual cus'om, I Isy wile ' Heard the clockof St. Mary-in- the-Msrsh strike ten, eleven, and twelve, but there J lay staring at the celling, or, . rather, in the -direction j, i: of c:. it. X.. for 44.« the night was Be as Klaot blact ae as pitih, and listening to the fretful sighing of S»mnd, which seemed inclined to tune up ^on'theslig^t p«,«^on J O W i tilt l rubbed my nose until it was sore, and pulled Xft' ^ not belong to the wind. It was the patter, ing of feet not far from my room, and the owner of these feet was singing. It was not such melody as an ordinal; person would indulge io, but a -weird kind of croning, "with no time or tune in it, but prolonged- notes, then short gasps, and then long-drawn, mournful ectrs I bad more hair on my bead than;I . have now—a fact of which I am often reminded by An exasperating hairdresser, who.-^itb a shilling's worth of lead, oold water,, and sulphur, implores me not to be " thin on the top.'" • ' •Well, I felt BIT youthful. looks vise and a^tter. Every crop of Tjlood in my veins tingled, an3 w&n; eoigealeJ." I was conscious that I was trying to _cry 1 out, but t was tongae-tiei, Mid as. helpless as if chained hand and foot. Suddenly reaction set in, 1 leaped from my bed, threw pen the door, and sainted; for there, within few paces of me, and stalking down the orridor, was a white figure—grim, ghastly, horrible, and distinct in relief to Hie jet-like .1 awoke, cold and shivering, and. crawled ' back to bed just as dawn broke. Jly father was an early riser, and as soon as I knew that be was About, I went to him and stated what I had seen and heard. He reasoned with me, argued with me, and rebuked me, but all in vain. _ ' 1 Vou were dreaming," he qaid, dismissing me with an impatient sweep of his strong arm. 11 Don't siy anything of this outside, as people will call my son a coward." But it so happened that my grandmother, who slept som=where in " the parish," as the house was facetiously termed at times, joined me in the ghost- seeing line. On f l o w i n g ni^t she, routed ] ^"^P 4 her righteous slumbers by light toot'al.e j ana singing. , . , First, 1 ' explained the old lady, " I thought that somebody wa^ singing « hymn, but as I listened i tu^de sure that the voice belonged to some uuholy spirit, and unhuly spirits are not giveu to biugiug hymns. '.Veil, my dears, 1 opened the dour and peeped out, and there Stars above ! if ever a women saw a ghost, I am that unfortunate women." My father grew perplexed, but at the same time he was inclined to tre-it the matter in a eatiriral manner, " Perhaps," said he, " the ghost dropped down one cf the chimneys during the storm. If so, poor thing, we must lay a trap to catch it, but we must use it very irently. I should suggest a srlass case, where it would look well on the parlour table." It was a dreadful thing to live in a haunted house. I begged to have my bedroom changed, and tsy requeet was granted. Grandmother burnt a light all night, and laid in a stock of texts to frighten the restless spirit aw^y, and, strangely enough,. it departed. But only to return. One night my father opened the door of my room, and announced himself in such a style as not to cause me alarm. ' Get np and dress yourself," he esid. " I want you to come with me." Whereto?" I asked, naturally enough, as I rubbed my eyes. "Over the house,"he replied. "Somebody is playing the fool bece." Now, as there ware only five of ns to play the fool, the question was, who could it ber Not my grandmother, who was snoring as loudly as if she had sot been te bed for a month ; not my mother; and as for the faithful and gentle Matilda, ehe was the last creature on earth to play practical jokes. "I have seen something, and I tare heard something," my father said.,'' Was—wasitjettin Vfhite V I faltered. ifSSffhTTEave been clothed in white, or grey, or striped," my father replied.; "but ithad certainly something white on -its head. Listen!" From the region of *the kitchen came strange sounds, the -fender, fire-irons, chairs and tables seemed to be holding carnival, for they were moving about -one after the other. Then the cups, saucers, and dishes began io rattle about; and "then somebody (and we could hear the words as we crept lower down), singing: Six da^s I work with ioj- micbt To keep the pots and kettles bright. But I V:ll.have my Sunday. " Why—why" " Don't speak," said father, -interrupting me, p in 8 r whisper. «4nanpr. "Fnllnir Follow im me. " Down the stairs we stole, my "father shading with his hand the oandle'he had brought, until we reached the kitchen. And there was Matilda, in a meat .print dress, -cap, and apron, sound asleep, and .going through a semblance of her work es cheerfully as possible. She made no mistake, <no -slip ; -everything went off in apple-pie order—at least, apparently to her tnind—for, after giving a vacant stare round the .plaee, she swept lightly past os, end went-strsightto her own room. Early the nest morning my father did the wisest possible thing. He sent for a doctor, who, concluding that the circulating library had proved*, little too much forMjitilda'fcbrain, advised the " eold water care.'' That night when "MfltiMft was fart asleep, my mother placed on each -side of -the bed two bath towels steeped in<wster. Whether Matilda in her asleep stood and pondered on this dampness of the weather I cannot sav, but she did not disturb the household, and was affected the next-day with what Ehe was pleased to call ";the snuffles." The *' cold-water cure" wbb repeated for several nights, feut-it-wagsoon dispensed with. Matilda did ber work at the proper-time, and we never had another ghost in the palace.— Weekly Budget. 