LITERARY COINCIDENCES. (Daily Neu».) While it is acknowledged that all jocular stories or chestnuts are as ancient as the everlasting hills, the world is slow to acknowledge that other repetitions in literature may be chance coincidences. Everyone knows that scientific discoveries are often mode separately by different persons. The case of Mr. Wallace and Mr. Darwiu is familiar, and, if scientific critics were as foolish as many reviewers, both gentle- men would have been accused of pilfer- ing from Lucretius or Lamarck. There are only so many possible combinations of ideas in the world, and different peoplo must often hit on the same com- bination. It is familiarly known to the Psychical Sooiety that two persons may, at the same moment, dream the same dream. Much more then may wits jump, when in search of a plot for a story. But the basest sort of critic liover can or never will believe this, and it would be hard to (ind a success- ful author who hos not been branded as a plagiarist. Tho unsuccessful author escapes condemnation on this score, Sonte years ago a young author, who had made a great success with his first book, had all the dead oats nnd rotten eggs of cheap reviewers hurled at him, because the plot nf his second book resembled that of an older novel. Tn his book, and in its predecessor, a man tried to make .wealth and fame by publishing the MS. of another os his ' own. Now, the elder of the two romances, though not, perhaps, very widely known, was a common object on the railway bookstalls. ' Was it very likely that a young author,, on- the threshold of his career, would be such a fool as tb steal; from a very accessible source, a novel about stealing, a novel? It was not in nature that any man, short pf being a born idiot, should do such a thing. The. fundamental idea was one that might have occurred to any mind ; it hud been used by a third person, Mr. Grenville Murray, and was, indeed, so obvious that it may have been employed a dozen times. Who first used the notion of the person lost at sea, believed to be dead, and taming up again ? It is as old as the Odyssey. It occurs in Chinese ; yet it is always being discovered by fidvelists, as Mr. Gundiah discovered the tale of Alfreil and the burnt cakes. Then there is the uncle who makes the very will that he should not have made, with the exact provisions which act as a dam on the stream of true love. Mr. Hardy em- ploys this elderly device in " Two on a Tower," but only nn embecile would accuse him. of having. stolen it. The notion is conspicuously obvious. No- body who thinks it worth picking up can miss this glittering jewel of fancy. Occasionally the coincidences are not coincidences at all. Two men go to Africa in search of a very old woman, and find her. This was declared to be plagiarised from a novel of Moore's, in which an Athenian goes to Egypt in search of immortality, and' finds a young lady who converts him to the Christian dogma. The shadowy resem- blance here does not even amount to a casual., concidence. Again, if two persons have to describe the same event, and describe it well, they must tell much the same story, must "be in a tile " together. Yet one of them will call , heaven and earth ; to witness -that he described a submarine earthquake in the Peckham Rye Gazette before the other described it in a novel, and. that the new earthquake must bc "his"old earthquake, stolen and mutilated. The resources of spite, ignorance, and vanity are endless. Very pf ten, when a book or play succeeds, some foolish person- declares that' it is plagiarised' from a play or story of his own, which not only did not succeed, but was never even acted or printed.. On the face of things it is hardly improbable that an inventive and popular author will go about stealing from the waste-paper baskets of those who 'have been tried and found wanting. It is easier by a great - deal to invent than to pilfer, though, in: the nature of . things, the same notions may occur to him who fails as to him who succeeds. The notion is not all. the battle, nor aa eighth of the battle: success comes from tho treatment of the notion. Mrs. .'Burnett wrote , a. popular tale about a small boy in a velvet tunic, and somebody who had written a oale, not popular, about another child in a velvet tunic, wjent about claiming the tunic, and averring that the infant had been kidnapped. Charily believeth . all things, spite believeth anything, and probably many-very dull , persons believe all this kind of nonsense, and 6ome of the mud sticks. In Byron's letters Ave see that he was always fbrseeing charges of plagiarism, and making himself anxious about them. Nobody who is fortunate enough to become known can avoid the rotten eggs of envy. Edgar Foe, who should have known better, used to try to prove that Longfellow was a plagiarist. Cretins may still be found who think that he "stole" " Hiawatha " from the Finnish " Ksle wala." Poe himself was accused of "cribbing" a book on conchology or botany, or some such subject; for attacking Longfellow, he deserved to be made uncomfortable. There are coincidences t hat seem too close in detail to be accidental. Thus an Irish American wrote a good tale of an invisible but palpable ghost. So did M. Guy de Maupassant. So far all might be. coincidence. But .when an English author in a story took a cast of the ghost in plaster of Paris, and when the American had done the same, the theory of chance coincidence had to be worked very hard. And, indeed, there was no chance in the matter. The American tale had won its way into legend and chance conversation without name of author, or knowledge that it bad ever been published. Any writer may blamelessly adopt, witli certain limitations, any " mnsterless " floating anecdote. In the same way, an American and an English story about the marriage of a certain Sally have lately exercised the pursuer of plagiarisms. Apparently both tales were independently founded on the same facts, on the same anecdote. Where many authors are lying in wait for good and useful anecdotes, a kind of coincidences must occur which took very like plagiarism. But the real crime of plagiarism is as rare as charges of plagiarism are common. Neither Milton, nor Moliere, nor Shakespeare, nor Bunyan has escaped the imbecile assaults of ? the impotent and incoai pent 