CONVIGT DAYS IN VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES. [aij. bights reserved,] No. 5. A STBASGE STOUT. in the first incident described in these Chronicles, " The Wreck of the Panther," it •was mentioned that when Chief-officer E;pinasse went into the hold of the fast sinking ship to rescue any probable survivors, he was about returning on deck when he saw a band thrust out of the dark water, and seizing it he found that it was tbat of a '. yonng woman, who, with the other hand, had tight hold of a young man. Both were taken -out'and placed in the boat, and after great c.ffijulty animation was restored in both the nearly drowned persons. • Toe man was a convict but who the Woman was no one conld tell. She was not atransportee, neither was she a free passenger, and the only conclusion that could 1)3 arrived- at was that she was a stowaway, but how she got on board and conoealed her- \- self bo long was a mystery. r .. - The sadden sinking of the ship revealed one of the strangest stories of woman's demotion it is possible to conceive, and it is >here given just as it happened, except,_for -• obvious reasons, the real names are with- : held. In the County o! Galway, Ireland, there lived, in the beginning of the present century, titled family named O'Gormon. Certainly the title was not recognised by Eaglish law, \- 'lor Baron O'Gormon prided himself that it ."had been in the family before the English set . foot in Ireland, and that his ancestry dated " •back to kings, and long anterior to the .proudest families on the oth°r side of the '- channel. In short, the O'Gormon, of the i-y&i;' 3800. was infinitely more prond and '-^p'or. than his ancestor of a century or two -. previously. : • 1810 hie had a daughter born to him, HMmwb he christened Nora, and this girl, -*-'-thirngh the had the courage and determinal he* father, had a good deal of her mother's mild and lovable nature. She was \- ijroBght up, as beseemed the heiress of the old line of the O'Garmons, for, as the \- jearB rolled on and no farther children were ?tiorn, it seemed probable that such would be 'viier destiny. He father never failed to im- ^jrinva on her the pride of ancestry, but, as re- IsuItB showed, love had a stronger influence fUpver Nora than a genealogical tree as high as < the giant gum cf Mount Baw Baw. V^'At- eighteen years of age she had editors -'ifor her hand, but she cared for none of them. Her father had selected as her future busband a young squire named O'DonnelS, but 'jhiaiadvanceswere very coldly received. -in 1829, when Miss Nora was in her nine- ^••Vteenth year, a young fellow named Paul Midden, the son of a produce merchant in feijDnblin,«ame to the distriat as assistant to a Et : Jeuryeyor, who was teaching him that pro- ^lf^eSion. There was nothing particularly ^i^ttkiiig about him. He had a frank faoe fe -ahdiblue eyes, -was above the medium height, .and fairly well educated. He certainly was f^lstiiaiiidBome, but when Nora (who was the il@iiaie ii 'the county) saw him, she met her >.As young people will, they found opporl^usSties -of-meeting, and soon it was whis- ? tpfflred ibout that "Madden was the man.' ' esewhiapers reaahed the ears of O'Gormon iself.and the old man nearly went frantic Yrage.That this eon of a potato hucktwy or pork batcher, or whatever be was ISie! jsgftoi Siould-marry the last of the O'Gormbns was l^lriis^weU, IV was something so outrageous ^hat-Nora'e lather oould not find an ap- PlprSpriate expression for it. ^.JHb threatened his daughter with all kinds ^oi lerrible menaces if ehe did not at onoe her mind all thoughts of the iSfldWIchqrl. Bat Nora had a heart as well as ^^^ead^ and do what ehe oould—for she P§gglia$e9 to obsy her father, if possible—she ^idpuldnot efface Paul Madden's image from '^L-lierjbeart. Mrs. O'Gormon wisely told her /daughter to please herself, but the parish ^^jprieisfc-was called in to. counteract the !fpxno|her's lukewarmnees on the important ; wibjeot. Itmust-he admitted that he did not back s®^p jthe.?0'Gormon with much zeal, but be iput that obedience to parents was the v rl-iirst «taty pf a child. "p-v^'-Then, can't I obey my mother, your jreverence?" naively asked the young girl. f^'Ahemi" coughed Father Donaghy at £tjnB.> ?" I hope, my child, you will be able to SjaTbey both oI them." v-There was very little hope of that, and so matters went on for six months without her feeing Madden. At the end of that time she Splost herbest friend on earth—for her mother ^passed :a way in/her forty-sixth year. iS:^3t«dden -was etill in the -neighborhood, ^An'Ji' as late would have it, she met him acf^fiidentally.; all the old love returned, and she '^jpfomised to marry him when of age. The f suooflssful suitor had many enemies, and one o! these conveyed the news of the meeting to j 'O'Gormon, but he was too late, for Nora had told him ail herself, and the scene thatenBued ->: : . -may be better imagined than described. SSv-.:flquire O'Donnell and himself decided that Hhe marriage must be etoppsd, and the male- -f Tolent young man laid a wicked plot to get ^ JiidJof his rival. • * - : '..;- At that time there was a Btoret sooiety in '''. >Xreland called the Bibbonmen. It partook \- .something of the character of the Fenian ^organisation of latter days., Acoording to • British law membership of the Bibboners' /' Society was a capital offenoe, and many of were executed. jQ^snindl to a prominent member, and Re determined to weave a web round Madden -^fi ahd denounoe him to the authorities. It Ib not our purpose to enter into the datails of Cf5the plot here, sufficient to say that by means i \- . ot paid emissaries sufficient evidence was | "jf- oblleoted to induce the young squire to de- | \- j.nonnce his rival as a Bibbanman. He did so, ' j »nd Madden was arrested. The trial came i -oj at -the following assizes, and though Madden had the bast of counsel he was found guilty. A doubt lingered ia the judge's .;: mind, and the yonng man got the benefit of \- ' it in' the aentenoe, which was seven years' '. transportation to Van Dieman's Land. Next dayfae waB taken away to Cork, where the "Panther was to call for him ana many other ^convicts. • ; The trial and its results nearly broke Nora O'Gornion'sheart, for she knew that Madden \- was innocent. : . Two days after the trial her father was v-handed a letter, signed " Nora," in whloh the /writer stated pathetically that Madden had y iiakenherbeartaway to Van Dieman's Land, and she was going there to find it. „.';As the choleric old man r£ad the note and comprehended its significance his faoe grew purple, he staggered a fewsteps, and then fell Sheavily on the floor. An attendant ran in, .' hut it waB too late. The last of the O'GormonB was dead. A stroke of apoplexy had smitten him, and Nora was heiress of his ; lineage and property. If he had lived another day it is quite certain he would have altered hiB will. Meanwhile, Nora, with her Blender stock , of money, was speeding towards Cork as fast as she could in those days of stage coaches. .. She had no fixed idea in her mind, only that ehe wanted to see her lover once again. As •she journeyed along, however, the idea entered her head that it might be possible to go to"the penal settlement in the convict ship. \- She little knew the horror of auah a voyage. The dreary voyage to Cork at last eamq to an \ «nd, and then she learned that the prisoners ..'/-'were confined at Spike Island, in tbe harbor, ' and that the Panther had iiot yet arrived. ':. 'She .pondered over her course of action : r nntilher brain was in a - whirl, an ehe made -enquiries without eni abjuS cocvict ships, . -the discipline and arrangements on board, and everything perlainirjr to I'-em. This ^afterwards stood her in g.iod stsaO, and ^fe facilitated. her plane. She jeatned that the |jl , anther :would'-stay eorasTdayi in harbor, ::',and^t laBtshemade tip^liir raicd to try and the.6hip,- She worked | ^'xiut-her-plans to'a nicety, and one old tir. { swh^m^nejinst onjiifi qaayj iiad once served | ' ^q itie-Panther. . ' This garrulous old fellow took a delight in telling the handsome young lady all about the veEsel. He described it from sterm to stern, and Nora drank in every word until she had a mental plan of tbe ship. She knew where the convicts were placed, and most important- of all, where the provisions were kept. She made up her mind that if ehe could not get food a few days after the ship sailed, she would show herself, and ask the captain to bring her on, which he most likely would do, as it would be very awkward to land her. She bought a huge carpet bag, and filled this with clothing, cordials and food until she could scarcely carry it. The Panther arrived in a few days, and all was excite ment. It waa understood that she would remain three days, and then resume her voyage. The evening of the second day, the young girl was on the quay with her well-filled bag. There was a number of people passing to and iro from the Panther. The vessel looked gloomy enough, which was in keeping with her oargo of sin and misery, and many a heart she carried on board, whose owners were weeping and sorrowing in England, Ireland and Sootland. At length a well-manned boat of blue jaokets put ofi from the ship, and Nora saw it was bringing the captain and one of the officers on shore. Her time had now come. With palpitating heart she hailed a skifi that was plying for hiie, and asked to be taken to the Panther. This was soon done, and the girl's heart almost failed her as she was assisted on board with her heavy parcel; As Bhe stepped on board, an officer came to her and politely asked what he could do. " I wiBh to see the captain, if you please," she answered, with a smile, (women are champion deceivers, if they please.) " He has just gone ashore, I am sorry to say." " I am a friend of his, and have brought him some things," she went on, pointing to the bag. " He will not be long, I am sure, as he expectad me. Could I not wait in his cabin until his return." The speaker was handsome, well-dressed, a lady without doubt, and & friend of the captain. " Oi course, you can. I will conduct you there," was the ready answer. Left alone in the cabin, she at once started operations. Guided by the knowledge ehe possessed she made her way to the Btern end of the ship, and, descending a companion way, found hereelf near the store-room : the door was open and an immense quantity of provisions and caBks were in tbe place. It was an unusual place to stowaway, but as it turned out she selected the best possible quarter of the ship. She had no difficulty in finding a secure hiding place, and by means of canvas she made it fairly comfortable, although ehe was not thinking much of that. The upper part of the ship appeared to be deeertea, as moBt of the men had gone on shore. The excitement and fatigue of what she had recently undergone overcame her, and, sinking iuto a deep sleep, she did not awake until the dim light told her it was morning. Her heart beat with joy, for she knew by th9 motion of the vessel that it was under weigh. Days went by like this, and then she began to feel the strain of the close confinement. Getting bo.der as time went on, she took all tha exercise she oould within her narrow limits. She lost count of the days, but she thought two months had gone by, and one morning Bhe heard the purser in the store-room telling someone that sickness had broken out amongst the convicts below. This almost drove her mad, as her firsc thought was of Madden, and she would have given the world, if Bhe owned it, to know if he were really sick. More weeks passed, and then she took a desperate resolve. Saveral suits of sailor's clothes were in the store-room, and one of theee she donned. Certainly, ehe did not look much like a sailor, but, if not scrutinised too closely, she would pass muster. For several nights she was baulked of her purpose by the door being locked, but at length it was left open, and she passed out. She went along until she came to the companion way, and then boldly descended to the lower deck. . Faint lights were burning at one end, and &he; went timidly towards them. It was, as she had suspected, the hospital. She peeped in. Two or three conviot attendants were the only moving oocupantB. The orew and officers did not care to visit this plague spot. The rough attendants ecarcelj looked at her as she walked along the row of stretchers seeking the faoe she wished, yet dreaded, to see. It was not there, and with a joyful heart she returned to her hiding-plaoe. Time flew on, and something impelled her to again visit the hospital. This time she found her lover in the crowded lazar bouse, raving in delirium end calling fcr Nora, and Bhe was standing by bis eide. She never forgot the anguish ot that time. Night after night she visited him, bringing him little drinks from the cordials ehe had in her bag. No one noticed her; they seemed dazed. She was in her hiding- place attired in her proper costume, for she had heard it said the night previously that land would be reached Boon, when she felt the vessel quiver and next moment she was thrown on her face. Bising instantly, Bhe rushed out ot the store; room for the hospital, and as she went along Bhe knew by the indescribable confusion that something serious had happened. The convicts were rushing madly about as Bhe entered the hospital. " The vfessel is sinking," ehe heard on every hand. Standing at the bedside of Paul Madden, she prayed that he might yet be spared her, and there she stood until the water came rushing in. At last, endowed with a-strength, not her own, ehe lifted the wasted form in her arms and carried him out. The rising waters soon overtook them, but she still held to the man she loved, and how they were Baved has already been told. When they were brought ashore, at Sullivan's Cave, Madden was taken to tbe convict barracks and placed in the hospital attached to it, whilst Nora O'&orman; was taken charge of by the kind-hearted wife of the captain, who commanded the vessel which saved them. It was a hard battle with death that both of them fought. The terrible strain which followed the committal of her sweetheart in Ireland was intensified by the extraordinary voyage which the girl had made as a stowaway and its disastrous ending. She waB within an &c9; of being drowned when she was rescued, and that, added to the other hardships, brought on a violent fever. Tbe fine climate of Hobart Town, however, assisted her, and after weeks, hovering between life and death, she gained the victory and gradually regained her health. Paul Madden was quite as near death. The immersion he bad reoeived after his long attack of fever brought on a relapse, and the treatment of the gaol hospital was not of a character to assist him back to health. The bedding, medicine and attendance were of the vilest, and it was little short of a miracle that he rallied. The thought ihat the girl he loved so dearly was near bioL.Beemed to give him superhuman strength to combat the disease, however. When Nora O'Gorman was able to get about, her first thoughts were ot Madden. The captain made enquiries for her, and found that be was alive and working at the coal minep, and a week after the girl went to ess him, and nearly fainted when she beheld the wreck he was. Through the captain : s aid she managed to get an interview with the governor, and told him the whole history. When Governor Arthur heard her Btory he obtained a free pardon for Madden, who recovered. The couple were married at-Hobart Town, and their descendants still hold the ancestral heme in Galway, Next week "The Ghost of Deadman's Isle" wiil appear, and will continue the series of Convict Chronicles. 9his lovely i?le was, and is, the burial place of Port Arthur prison. It is the last quiet restingplace of many of the worst Ecroundrels the old country ever produced, and also of many v.ho really were sot scoundrels at all. .'• 