New Detective Stories (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED) . (By SIR GILBERT .CAMPBELL.) , 7 AN AUSTRALIAN GHOST, (Continued.) . "Well, it all seems very strange," ansYvered Mrs. Marker, "to come to gether after so long an interval. Hoyv did it happen 1" "tWlmns softer feelincs flowed in." replied Morgan, Yvith his habitual sneer, " like' \ve read of in the story books, or perhaps it Yva3 owing to Mrs. M. coming into possession of a bit of money, most likely the latter." "Well, good morning," broke in Marker, a little annoyed at the man's manner, "I wish you luck in youi new start in the matrimonial line." "Can1 Morgan bo speaking the truth 1" asked Mrs. Marker, Yvhen the two vehicles werQ a little distance ajiart. " I am sure I don't know," re turned hor -'"husband ; "all I khOYV. is that I pity Mrs. Morgan from the bottom of my heart. Fancy a woman Yvith money of her own going to -live -Yvith such a brute, when she was once free of him." " Perhaps loved him," observed Mrs. Marker, sentimentally. " Love sucli a felloYv i Bah ! the idea makes mo sick," ansYvered her hus band, Yvhipping up his horse. "But whatever may be tho reason, evil will come of it. Perhaps, however, after all, Morgan Yyas lying," he added, and this after thought appeared to give him considerable satisfaction.. : In this case, however,. Morgan had told tho truth; and in a "fcYV days ho and his- Yvife, a buxofli-looking woman of six- and-forty,. were to bo Sqqn driv ing to market and elsewhere in tlie shabby- looking buggy, draYvn by the big chestnut horso. . ! Morgan, however; Yvas no more com panionable -than ho had ' been, and . Mrs. Morgan ' Yvas not, the kind of Woman, to invite sympathy. Rumor asserted that she drank hard, and that sounds Yvere heard from the farmhouse occupied by the Morgans, as if violent quarrels Yvere taking place. . Morgan's face, however, Yvas inscru table, and he made no allusion to domestic difficulties of any kind. .The valley between Richmond and Windsor was frequeutly inundated by the rising of the river, and some months after the return of Mrs. Mor gan one of theso floods took place. lilUUH bill? 1UIUU Ui. YVO-LUl WUD JIUU sufficient to tear aYvay the bridge, yet it damaged one of the, piers, a portion of which YY-as dislodged, leaving a gaping fissure. Finding, however, that the .bridge still remained Arm, the local authorities, with that sort of happy-go-lucky mode of acting which distinguishes corporate bodies in the Antipodes, adjourned the repairs until a future dy;-'rtnd the bridge continued to bo used as freely as before. The destruction, hoYvever, caused by tlie flood Yvas soon merged in a fresh sensa tion, for Morgan Yyas hoyv seen driving about alono in his buggy, and tlio rubicund face of Mrs. Morgan was conspicuous by its absence. At first no one thought of question ing tho surly farmer, but after a time curiosity overcame prejudice, and Mrs. Marker, meeting him one day on the Yvay to market, boldly attempted to solve the vexed question. " Is Mrs. Morgan ill that we see nothing of her now 1" asked she. "111! Iioyv should I lcnoYV Yvhether sho is ill or well?" answered he, sulkily. "Not know whether your Yvife is ill or Yvell 1" repeated Mrs. Marker, in accents of profound astonishment. "No," retorted hej "is there any thing wonderful in a man not knowing Yvhat is going on somcYvhero else 1" "I don't understand you," stam mered. Mrs. Marker. "I don't seo that there i.4 any need for you to do so," snapped ho, "but if you want the whole truth, here it is : the jade has left mo again." " Left you ; and pray, whon did sho do so ?" demanded Mrs. Marker, more interested than ever. "Oh, about a fortnight or three weeks ago," ansYvered ho. " That is impossible," remarked tho lady, decisively, " for the floods were out, and no living soul could have left the valley.'1 " What do you mean by talking to mo about living souls?" growled tho man savagely. " I don't charge , my memory with facts about a-Yvortliless woman, and I can't see Yvhat people Yvant to go ferreting out information which docs not concern them." ( And Yvith theso Yvords he applied the Yvhip vigorously to the chestnut, and in a very brief period was out of sight. Mrs. Marker lost no time in dis seminating tho startling intelligence of the second separation between man and Yvife, and many guesses Yvere hazarded as to the causo pf thO flight of Mrs. Morgan. By degrees, hotvever, it began, to bb remembered that the floods were out at tlie timo of the disappearance, and that no ono had soon the departure of tho Yvife— nay, more, no one had set eyes upon her for some time before. At last the talk became so loud,- and tho suspicions of foul play rose to .such a magnitude, that the police officials thought it necessary to take thamatter up, and accordingly a domiciliary visit Yvas paid to tho farm of tho deserted husband. He .received the troopers with- his usual sullen demeanor, but offered no opposition to their researches. He lit his -pipe, and throwing himself into a chair, told them they might search every nook and corner of the house; "but mind," he added, "if you do any damage, I shall hold you responsible, and you and my laYvyer will liaY'e to settle tho matter." The police availed themselves of tho charily granted permission, and pro ceeded witli their perquisitions. The missing woman Yvas certainly not immured in any part of the house, a fqct concerning which there had been very strong suspicions ; but, on the other hand, trunks marked with her initials, a large stock of wearing ap parel, and various essentially feminine articles were discovered. After a long and Yvearisomo search, the police returned to tlie room Yvhere the master of tho house waB still seated, lazily watching the wreaths pf smoke as they curled up to the ceiling from the botvl of his pipe. "Well," said he, with his habitual sneer, " have you found the old woman?" . "I- want to know hoYV it is that Mps. Morgan,. Yvhen she went. away, left all her clothing and belongings behind her V answered the officer. " Do you really noYv ?" retorted Morgan. "It strikes me that you want to know a great deal more than I am going to tell you." " Look here, Morgan," remarked the official, " it will be better for you in the end to make a clean breast of it, I can assure you." Morgan started to his feet and dashed his pipe fiercely upon the ground. " How dare you speak to me like that?" cried lie, with a volley of oaths. " Am I to consider myself in custody ?" " \yhy, you knoiv well enough that you are not," returned the officer. " Then get out of my house, or I Yvill have you indicted for trespassing," shouted the angry man, as he flung open the door, nnd motioned to the troopers to leave the house. There was no help for it. Nothing had been found which Would causo suspicion, and the crest-fallen police had to do as 'they Yvere ordered, and leave Morgan to his own devices, And now a change came over the farmer, and from a temperate man he became a frequenter of :bars and liquor shops. 7 Day after day he Yvas to be found in one or other of those places, indulging treely ; and had not the old chestnut beon one of the most sedate of animals, and taken matters into his own hands Yvhen he found his master incapable of directing his move ments, Morgan must certainly have broken his neck after some of his debauches. . It Yvas noticed, hotvever, that there Yvas a cortain amount of method in Morgan's alcoholic madness. He never remained out after dai-k, or if he did so, and had to cross the bridge on his return homo, he would make arrange ments for sleeping where he Yvas, and not make a start until tlie next morn ing. By degrees, the gossip relating to tho disappearance of Mrs. Morgan died aYvay, and fresh topics cropped up, which afforded food for conversation. to be concluded. 