MERCURY JUNIOR. CLEARING HIS FATHER'S NAME. [In Seven Chapters.] CHAPTER IV. THE DWARF. A month earlier, Kent's mother would have regarded his proposition to set out on a long and perilous journey; as sheer madness ; but now she welcomed it, and began the next day to pack his knapsack, weeping and praying silently as she did it. She was stunned by the hopelessness of the whole calamity. When Kent told her his plan, she said that God had put it into his heart. She would send the boy out in faith that God would help him to prove his father's innocence. In order to travel independently, Kent must go on horseback. " What íb your plan ?" his father asked. "I suppose, sir, the money must have been stolen between here and Cumberland. You say you have confidence in the three passengers ?" " Perfect confidence, my boy." I " Then the money must have been taken by the coachman or by some way-passenger. I Bhall go to those who were with you all the way, and tell them the story. Perhaps they may have observed something which will be a clue." " Very good ! very good !" Mr, Hampden's spirits roie with this gleam of hope. " You will not tell any one that I have gone, father ?" "Not a soul ! I ¿id mention it to Congdon, but I charged him to keep it secret. By the way, Tom Congdon wants to go with you." "Tom Congdon!" exclaimed Kent, dismayed. " Yes. His father thinks the adventure will make a man of the boy. Do you object ?" "N-no," said Kent, who on second thoughts found the idea of a companion not unpleasant. " If Tom knows about it, it will be much better to have him go." Tom was delighted with the prospect of adven- ture. Besides, his going as Kent's comrade and i friend, would, ho knew, prove to the boys his contempt for the scandal aDout Wetzel's cave. He still kept the note-book, but he would not add to Kent's trouble by -telling him of the suspicion 1 resting1 on Lim, Colonel Congdon consented to Tom's going, " becamse," he said, " if Kent should find the money alone, the town would say his father told him where to look for it. They would quote the old saw, ' Risers are. good finders,' But no one Will clare hint that Tom is an accomplice." It waB a cool October morning when the two boys started, Tem riding his frisky mare Bess, and Kent his father's black horse, Coaly. Each boy carried a rifle, a change of clothes in a knapsack, and saddle-bags stored with provisions, and sufficient money to pay the expenses incurred on the way. His father held Kent's hand, his mother prayed that God might be with him. Carey laughed, and threw an old shoe after him. He looked back at the corner of the street, and saw Carey perched on the cherry-tree, watching them. "How she does want to come!" said Kent. "That baby has a heart as big as Jack the Giant Killer's." " What a shame she's a girl !" said Tom. The fields were covered with white frost, which disappeared as the Bun carne up. The road climbed up the sides of the hills, which now wore their royal autumn robes, gold and scarlet and crimson. There was a measureless splendor and silence in the forest that would have awed any one but a boy with a gun. The only interest Tom and Kent had in the woods was tbe hope of seeing wild game. If they could bring home a bear-skin with the money, their glory would be almost too great to support. The road was not a very lonely one. Sometimes they met a traveller on horseback, with pack and gun like themselves ; sometimes there were great freijfht-waggons from Philadelphia going "West and South. Twice they passed huge emigrant waggons, with high canvas tops, and drawn by eight horses, each carrying his arch of chiming, bells. One of these was filled with emigrants going to " the Ohio," which waa then the West. They were from the Austrian Tyrol, and wore their pictures- que costume ; the women with their white sleeves and high red velvet caps peeping out of the huge waggon, and the men marching outside, each Bhouldering his gun. Kent drew a long breath. " It's a fine thing to go out and see the world," he said. The trouble at home dwindled and sank on the open road. He became absolutely certain of success in his task of clearing his father's reputation. " I have no doubt the driver robbed father while he was napping. It will be easy to find him by inquiring in Hardscrabble." "As easy as treeing a coon!" shouted Tom. " Then seize the money, hand the thief over to the sheriff, and march home. That will be a great day ! The whole town will turn out to meet us !" He whipped up Bess in his excitement, and just at that moment one of the men with the retreating waggon uttered a shrill Tryolese jodel. Bess cooked her ears, danced wildly down the hill, and then changing her tactics, stopped and threw Tom clear over her head. " Oh, she's done it before !" he sputtered, as Kent pulled him out of the mud. "But I-I don't want to keep you back j I'll mount." With the word, ho reeled and fell senseless. The blood was oozing from a deep cut in his head. Kent brought water from a neighbouring spring, sprinkled his face, tied up the wound with his handkerchief, rubbed his hands, and shouted in his ear. But Tom, for almost the first time in his life, had nothing to say. He lay still and white, the blood soaking through the handkerchief. There was a rattle of wheels behind them. " What's the matter ?" said a squeaky voice. " Don't yell that way in the boy's ears !" " He's dead !" said Kent, looking up, the tears rolling down his cheeks. The man gave a perplexed whistle. " I reckon not, sonny," he said. *' Hold on a minute." He hurried off to his waggon-a queer structure, built like a little canvas house in front, with a square box behind. The canvas was painted red, and the box striped brown and yellow, like a tiger's back. The man was as extraordinary in appearace as his waggon. He was a dwarf, not moro than four feet high, with a heavy chest, thin legs and a round, babyish face. He climbed like a cat to the box, opened it, and iii á minute Wft3 back with a sponge, plaster, scissors, and a bottle. " Wet the sponge, my boy," he said, taking Tom's head in his lap, and expertly clipping the hair about the wound. "It won't need a stitch." Kent watched while the dwarf, with the skill of a surgeon, dressed the cut and bandaged it. Tom opened his eyes. "Take this," said the queer little man, pouring a few drops of the medi- cine into a cup. " Aha ! That brings the colour ! Take his legs, and we'll carry him back into the shade." " I must push on-push on !" muttered Tom. " I am keeping Kent back." "Yon mustn't push on for an hour or two. Give your blood time to cool. It's dinner time, anyhow. I was just goin¿ to have my coll repast. Will you taße a bite with me, gentlemen ?" "Thank you, sir. You've been very good indeed to us !" exclaimed Kent, wringing the hand which his new friend held out. " I'll bring our saddle- bags." Tom regained his senses rapidly as the cold tongue, buttered biscuit and chicken were spread on the grass. The dwarf whistled and sang as he hopped about, bringing at last from the waggon a tiny stove, in which he set some chips burning. " Coffee!'' ho said. " And sausages !" He pro- duced a miniature pot and pan. The savory steam soon rose through the trees. " I'm sound as a trivet !" said Tom. " I never was so hungry in my life !" " Set to, then, gentlemen !" The dwarf himself ate little, but beamed down on his companions thoughtfully, running to the waggon to bring knives, salt, mustard, and what- ever he fancied they might want. Suddenly he stopped, drawing himself to his full height. " I have not introduced myself," he Baid. " I am Nero Fife, at your service ¡ peddler, travelling dentist, and mediciner. I can furnish you with stuffs, hats, pins, tapes, and jewellery ; can apply dry cups and leeches, 'cure «ancers and corns, pull teeth, and play the fiddle for the dances of the hong tong." Tom laughed aloud, but Kent roBe and shook hands with him gravely. " This is Tom Congdon, Mr. Fife. My name is Kent Hampden," he said. " Hampden of Wheeling ?" said the dwarf, with a keen glance at Kent's face. " He has heard that my father stole the pack- age !" thought the boy, his blood hot in his veins. The dwarf was silent for a minute ¡ then he began to chatter with fresh energy. " Yes, sir ! This is the famous Nero Fife," he said, clapping his hands on his breast. " Known throughout the Alleghany Mountains ! My mother was the beautiful Miss McJilton, celobrated for having been stolen by the Indians when an infant. Not rescued until she was sixteen ! She taught me the great secrets of the red man in the healing art-cancers, cornB, -" " Well, you worked a wonderful cure on me, Mr. Fife," said Tom, pulling out his purse. " Mr. Fife to the world," said the peddler, loftily. *' Doctor Nero to my friends. Put up your purse, sir. Pees from indoor patients ¡ but hpre in the woods we are all jolly good fellows." Doctor Nero would not allow Tora to mount until the heat of the day was over. Seeing their im- patience to be off, the little man sought to beguile the time by playing on the fiddle and singing, in a high, cracked voice, the ballads of " Lord Lovel," " Barbara Allen," and others, and telling stories, to which the boys listened with great interest. " The salt in my stories is that they're true," he said. "I've been twenty- five years a-travelling these mountains in Pennsylvania, Maryland and Virginia, visiting the same house twice a year. Nothing goes on in these houses-marriages, murders, or ghosts-but Nero Fife keeps the run of it. " I know some secrets. There are tales I could tell of men now living that would make your blood freeze at your heart ! But Nero Fife knows how to hold his tongue ! I carry news from house to house the year round j but no man can say that Nero Fife ever made mischief. About three o'clock he permitted the boys to go on, forcing a bottle of medicine on Tom. With all his chatter, he had not questioned the boys as to their destination or errand. When they were ready to mount, Kent said, " We are going to Cumberland. Shall we meet you again ?" " It's likely, I keep fcho road kHAv o1ôso- tula ¿Hi.. ^ trip. I'm sold out, and am going to Philadelphia to lay in stock. I made some heavy sales in Wheeling 'fcother day. So you're Colonel Congdon's son t" he said, turning abruptly to Tom. " Do you know him ?" " Know him ? I knew your grandfather and . why I could tell you a story of your grandfather's /uncle that-but no matter? Wbo is there that I don't know ?" The dwarf's face, when he laughed, broke up into the countless wrinkles of old age ; the next minute he had the vacant, smooth face of a baby. He came to Kent when he had mounted. " And you're Ralph Hampden's boy ?" he said, peering shrewdly up at him. A sudden wild fancy rushed into Kent's brain. Could this strange creature, who had been going up and down the hills so many years, know any- thing of his father's early life ? He shut his teeth to keep the question back. It was not for him to pry out his father's secrets from strangers. I The dwarf's blue eyes were on him, "You don't ask me if I have any stories about your grand I father ? No ? Well, good-bye, and good luck to you, Ralph Hampden's son !" He reached up and patted Kent's knee, 'and then turned and trotted off to hie waggon. " There's something almost scary about that man," said Tom. " Sometimes he looks old enough to bo the Wandering Jew." About sunset they reached Hardsorobble. Kent's pulses quickened. Here he would find the first clue ! He rode up to the inn-door, " Can you tell me where I shall find Mr. Armi- tage ?" he asked of the hostler, who sat lazily on the end of a mossy trough by the pump. " Blind Peter Armitage ?" "Yes." "Went to Pittsburg last week. Comin' home Thursday. Light, boys ?" Kent and Tom looked at each other in dismay. They consulted in whispers. " We can't follow him to Pittsburg ; we've no time," Tom counselled. "A blind man, anyhow, would have been the least likely to see what was going on," said Kent. " Let us push on to find Mrs. Digby in Washington, and if she can give us no clue we 11 go to Cumber- land to the clergyman." "Takeyerhosses?" drawled the leisurely hostler. ."Supper? Bed?" I " What do you say, Kent ?" | " I say, let us cover more ground before night. We've lost too much time already !" Tom trotted off, and Kent followed. The wind was chilly and damp. The boys were disheartened by their disappointment. A couple of miles farther on the stage-coach dashed past them, full of drowsy passengers. The driver lifted hiB whip by way of salute, and the guard blew a single note on his bugle. " Those fellows will sleep in Wheeling to-night," said Tom, dolefully. Kent said nothing, but he felt suddenly that his back was turned toward home, and that the world into which he was going was big and cold and unknown. "I wish," said Tom, "we had kept with Nero Fife. He waa a good fellow !" " You called him the Wandering Jew just now !" said Kent, crossly. Tom laughed, but prudently made no answer. The road now wound through thick forests. It dipped between two little hills into a gorge. At the side of the road in this gorge or hollow was the bed of a dried stream, thickly overgrown with briers and high grass. As the boys passed this point the briers moved. " Sh !" whispered Tom. " Did you see that ? A bear!" "It can't be! It's too near the farms. A wild- cat, probably." They unslung their rifles in desperate haste, looked to the priming, and cocked them. All the chill and ill-humour were gone. Each whispered *' Sh !" and " Keop back !" and pushed his horse closer. " It stirs again ! Fire !" cried Tom. "Foh beben's sake, massa, doan shoot pore nigga !" a man cried, scrambling out of the under- growth up to the road. He, too, carried a gun, and his hat was slouched over his eyes. " What are you hiding there for, then, like a wild beast ?" _ said Tom, angrily, letting down the hammer of his rifle. " I had almost put a bullet through your head !" The mau eyed them sullenly, but said nothing, and the boys rode on. When they were out of hearing, Kent said, "Tom, there was something queer about that fellow. He did not talk like a real negro, and while bis face was jet black, his hande were white." Both boys turned and looked back. " Kent, there are two of them !" said Tom, shading his eyes. " Don't you see ? One man is sitting on the road, and the other is creeping up out of the briers. What rascality can those fellows, be up to ?" " I'd think they were runaway slaves, hut I tell you that man's hands were white," said Kent. " They've broken gaol, more likely. Look there ! Come back in the shade, or they'll see us and send a bullet after us. There they go, creeping down into the thicket again ! What shall we do ?" " Nothing ; what can we do ? They are in hiding for Bome reason, but they've done us no harm, and we've no cause to meddle with them. Besides, we've lost so much time already. Come, let's ride on." " Just a minute !" pleaded Tom, trembling with excitement. " I want to know what they re up to. They're back among the branches as still as death!" The boys waited in silence. There was not a sound to break the stillness except the drowsy lapping of a stream in the woods. The sun had sunk out of sight, but the red shafts ot light still struck up from behind the hills, while the hollow lay in twilight. " Well, we may as well go on," said Tom, reluc- tantly. " They seem to have settled themselves with the snakes and frogs for the night." They had hardly ridden twenty paces when the rattle of wheels behind them broke the silence, and a shrill voice piped out : " And out of her grave there grew a red rose. And out of his a brier, And tbey grew and grew to the ohurch steeple top Until they could grow no higher. And twined at the top a true lover's knot, For all true lovers to admire-mire, For all true lovers to admire!" " If s Nero !" the boys exclaimed in a breath. " He is behind us. Let us wait for him to come up. " He must be in the hollow now," said Tom. They drew rein and waited. The sharp lilt rang out naarer, as the pedler's waggon began to descend into the gully. "Tom!" exclaimed Kent, "Nero said ho had made heavy sales. He must have his money with him. Those fellows in the swamp !" Tom gave a smothered cry. Both lashed their horses into a gallop, unslung their rifles and loosened the pistols in their holsters. As they reached tho top of the hill, the dwarf's song stopped. A wild shriek rent the air. Below, in the hollow, was the peddler's waggon and a con- fusion of black figures. "They're on him," muttered Tom. " We're coming, Nero !" shouted Kent, as they went thundering down the hill. (To le continued.) 