"ffiovcilst. 1 ■ In love's Crucible. By BERTH A If. CLAY. CHAPIKU XXV. • *! AM SIC KICJIAltD's DATJGHTEH.'' She looked -about her with half-fearful scru tiny, and seeing nothing ghostly or human, went to the gate. As she-pat her hand upon it she heard somethingmove, - and looking up saw a .fignre advaucing guicklyioward her. It was no ■ Vision, however, hat Caryl "Wilton. He peered at. ■ ^iigr;hti<^ir3iiiy":foi^jnb§ient,;. and then.-; with .a gesthrh'of'feli^'a4yahcffiJq;Uerrside.s. ■ i-. ' Is jt yon ?' slie §aic£ forcing a smile. * Why areyouh-Te—why do" you stare so? Do Hook ike a—ghost?' . 'Forgive ine,* hedsaid, ln-a low voice;I conld not remain in the house while' you were out here alone.' ' How.long have you been here ?' she asked. •Notmore thana'few minutes.' ' No more than" a few minutes!' she repeated, j Did you see anptfcgggffY ' • ■ .1 And she glanced back at the church with an ir- j repressible shudder- . ; ' ■' Yes,* he replied." - ' Tes 5' and sUcstarted, and-un consciously laid her band on his afpi, hokiug at him-wi'li eager; | alarmed ryes.. - . . . ' Yes,' lieaaid r ' I saw JIr.- SIiles Barton.' . Her liand would havefallsnfrom his arraagain,; as she tQrned.a w4yyrith a sigh of mingled relief j and disappointment, but lie laid his hand on hers •and drew it closer to him." ~ Mrl-MiiSs barton,'^iie»rejrcatcd." -* He-?.was~, ; lounging about . the path, -v.ith .a cigar in his 1 .mouth. Did you see him?,-: Did he frighten you? ! Because, if so^I-jwill avail . myself of the -oppor tunity to eaprSss rnv antipathy to that gentleman by administeriiiff'toliiiriu soaiid'kicking.' 'No,' she- said. ' Why should you ? What ■ harm doesithe man do? You saw- noone' •No one. "else," lie'answered, looking at her earnestlyO Hare .you seen any one or been frightened'? Yofir'ba'hdtrembles—' 'You weftTighc,"after oil,f she interrupted him, with a little laugh. "'lam nervous and fright ened at shadows. It was kind of you to wait for ine. Arc they still, singing and card plav ■ ibg?'. ' Host of theih are/gone;" he replied; 'and 1 am supposed to hays gone." -SirHichard thinks you are in your rooms.' . • ' And Guy?'she asked. ' 'Gay!' he said, with gi frown. ' Guy 1 passed oh the terrace; He look&d-;^.weU; to put it mildly, ■tired, and'-was splasheiFwith mud, as if he had been riding hard. P?).or Guy!' • Why do you pity him ?' she asked. ' Because I have a fellow feeling for him—we "are in the same boat.' ' You do not look tired,* she said, with forced lightness. * Do I not! Look at me,' he retorted, and stop ped short. She raised her eyekand looked at him in the moonlight. He was no more like the indolent, nonchalant man who had sauntered into the theatre in San Francisco than a man working hard for his life is like a lounger in Pall Hall. ' 1 am a changed man,' he repeated almost I bitterly. ' You know what has worked that 1 change; yet 1 will tell tou if I may. Great | Heaven! why do you not trust- me ?' I She faced him, white and panting, her delicate ! nostrils inflated, her lips apart, like a beautiful animal at bay. ' Why should I ?' ' Because,' he said, almost sternly in his earnestness, ' because 1 love you.' She attempted to draw her arm away from bis, but he prevented it. - , ' No, do not take y .-ur hand away, do not affect surprise. My love is no new thing to you. You have kuown.it now for months. For days it - \- has been at least a cause of peace for you. You ; have known that my love would shield you. Con- : -stance—Maida— which name shall I call you?— : •1 love you by eithername.' She panted and looked at him with a half- i frightened, half-defiant gaze. 'My darling he murmured, stretching out bis hand appealingly, ' did you think such love as mine could be blind ? 1 knew you the moment Z j eaw you in England. How could it be otherwise, ! seeing that 1 carried your face with me night and j day, since the night you sent me from you with I scorn and contempt? I knew you, but 1 hid my ■ knowledge from all save you. And 1 would have : eaved even you the trouble of knowing that your j secret was known, but I was mad with love for ] you, and 1 conld not do that. I could not risk losing you. But if I let you know, I have kept others from the forbidden knowledge. Have 1 I not stepped between yon and the prying eyes of , envy and malice ? And I have not even sought to : penetrate that past which you have kept so closely i hidden; why I do not know.*' " i "You do not know?" she murmured, as if that was all of his passionate speech she had heard, though in truth she had been thrilled by tbe nager words. »'As Heaven is my witness I di not know—I do not care to guess. I love yon too dearly to seek to pry into your secret—if you have one; but still I ask—why do you not trust me?" • Trust you?' she murmured. •' Yes,' he went on earnestly, his face pale and working; 'why should you not? Do you fear vhat I would betray you ?' _ ' No,' she murmured. ' What is it you sus pect ?' 11 suspect nothing,' he responded, almost passionately. 'I will not even conjecture, why yon, once Maida Carringford, are now Constance Hartleigh. I love you, and at times I have a presentiment that you are in danger ; that id enough for me. I am your slave, and would be your protector. Give me the right to protect you. I love you ! 1 love you ; be you Maida Carringford or Constance Hartleigh, it matters : not to me. It is you yourself, who stand here that 1 love. Let there be no barrier of mysterious reserve between us—to night, at least. It is no idle fancy, this love of mine, born to flit a fickle hour and then to die, butterfly fashion. See what it has lived through 1 Your scorn that night—which you would forget, but you cannot— was fierce enough to blast any unstable passion, mme has lived through it. Constance—Maida— wbat have you to say to me?' Ans as be stood before hot in his i.asst&nato; entreaty, be clasped her in his arms with nervous energy. She had stood and listened, the color coming and going in her beautiful face,the light rising and. failing in her dark, eloquent eyes. And' as his passionate appeal had proceeded, a strange look had crept over her face. It was not scorn this time. • It was as if herbark were finding its way out of the troubled waters into a peaceful haven. A response as passionate as. his appeal was on her lips, and she yearned to throw herself on his bosom and rest there like a tired child. Then why did she draw hack from him with a shudder when he circled her in his arms. Why did she draw the mask of coldness over her features? Alas ! the name of Maid a had recalled her to herself—recalled to her the fact that Maida Carringfdrd would carry a taint into any home, while only Constance Hartleigh conld hide the shame which Sir Bichard had of his own act en tailed on one of his daughters. ' You do- not know what you ask,'" she breathed. ' Dp I not ?' he said, moving aside that the ^moonlight mightfall on her- exquisite loveliness. I'Dol not 7 he repeated,:.gazing at her signifi cant ly, with a world of loving admiration in hik eyes: . ' ... •. ....... •No,'she retorted, with sad-bitterness'. 'Which woman is it that yon love?—is it Maida Carring ford, or is it Constance Hartleigh ?' ' I love you,' he cried, hotly, - called by either name. It is you that I love with all that is good within. me. ' -You speak mysteriously—there is more mystery which I cannot solve. I will not ask a question; if you do not care to trust me, 1 am indifferent. Yon will learn to irost me iil. time, to trust me vitii everything. She shuddered slightly, hut not so slightly as to escape him. ' Do you doubt roe ?:, he hoarsely cried. * No," she said, with an infinite pathos; but there is none whom I can trust—none.' 'There is-soma strange mystery which stands as an intangible barrier between us,' be said, almost fiercely. Yes,.I will ask tou ouequestiou," hebroke out as if with.-a sudden resolution. ' I know that yon are Maida Carrihgford; I wiH you if you are Sir Bicbard'pdaughttr?* A spasm seemed. to:pass over her face,' her lips quivered, and her eyes contracted; but these ' signs of an intense emotion passed in a moment, and, looking him steadily in the face, j I she sadly said 4 . .. '7 am Sir Jlidcari's daytjlder!" -t'Thank'Heave j! .--he said- -Then with swift self-reproach he seized her hand, 'Constance— ; 1 will not call you by that other name again— forgive me!—1 have been a fsol. Let me confess | how stupendous has been my*folly ! 1—forgive me t—knowing y.on had concealed somethmg of j your past life from Sir Bichard—1 was fool enough to imagine that there was some other and greater motive for that concealment than the natural one-—and it was only probable that you should dislike to have y nr stage life chattered j and slandered about Vjr the .friends of yoar new life. You were right, quite right. But why did you distrust me ? Why did you refuse to show j ma your mother's picture?—why avoid all mention of the part with which I was acquainted? Could you not trust me ? You knew I loved yon —tell me that, Constance—yon knew I loved you?" ;• ' Yes,'she faintly murmured. * You know 1 love you, know most truly, most ! dearly, with all my heart and soul ! Answer me, my love, my darling 1' With a low sob, she dro.w her - hand from his arm aud covered her face. . Gathering courage from herweakness, Ji? .put his. asm around lier.J andd re whernearer tob int. -• -.'i | .. .' Constance, my, love?7^my,only love !!• he mar- -1 mured. V • - . For a moment the tired head 'rested gladly, -contentedly on his shoulder.' Then the re-; membrance of her tainted name came to heir, and, as if stung, she started back, aud putting out her hand to keep bim from her, said, brokenly: * -No, no! Do not speak to me—do not look at me 1 H—if you love me, leave'me .now,. without. another.word—go! Oh, go, go.' Leaning toward her, white and troubled, be held out his hands. '' If I love you ? Do you doubt it, Constance ?' and his-voice.grew suddenly stern in its intensity. ' Can yon look at me and tell, me you do hot love ' me-^an you?' j She faltered, for a moment, and then raised her | eyes to his.- • -■ Go! she said, in a hollow voice. * I do—1 do | not love you.' Be satisfied.' , . j S. -His arms fell to ..his sides; jmd hejurned his J head, with a .smothered groan. "* ;,j ' Heaven "forgive yon,' he muttered hoarsely. 'A moment ago I would have sworn that you did love me:' . . . . ' . .' No, ho I'.slie cried, pitoously. ' I—1 did not -I know what 1 was doing. I ought not to have j listened. I—oh, pity me,-and go!' ' No,* ho said, In the sharp tone of a great ! agony - suppressed; 1 cannot leave you here. Come !' and he held out his arm. Slowly, falteringly, she put her hand within it, aud with averted head, ai lowed him to lead her to the terrace. Within the light that streamed . from the open door, he stopped, and allowed her arm to fall to her side. ■ Then he raised his hat, ; and was going without a word, bathe could not: resist a last look, and as his eyes fell thirstily on j her heautiinl face, so pale and sad, his anguish . came rushing to his lips. ' Constance 1' he hoarsely said, ' do not send me away ! For mercy's sake, do not! Let me stay near yon I See what a pitiful fellow my love makes of me. Let me keep near.you, like some ! faithful dog, to be made happy by a cold smile c? a meaningless word. Do not send me away. Let j me stay, and—who knows—tine barrier that divides U3 may be broken down.' She shook her head, aud though there were no tears in her eyes, her voice was full of them as she murmured. ' Never, never ! No power on earth can bridge tbe gulf tbat divides us. It is best tbat wo should part. The time will come when you will thank me for letting you go—will be grateful to me for saving you from the pitfall toward which I have drawn yen. Go, now !' and she held out her hand. He took it eagerly. It was hot and burning. He passionately clung to it. ' I will go,' he said, his dark eyes fixed on her face. ' Yes, I will go. 1 will prove my love by obeying this crueleBt command you ean give me. 1 will go, but my love cannot be slain or set, aside so easily as I, myself, am set aside. If in ' the coming time you have need of me, do not believe that" my love may have waned, or doubt that I will come as quickly as J r.ow leave you. That time may never come, but if it should, remember that t word, a look, will bring me to your side. The last words were almost inaudible 1 y reason of his emotion, , With a sigh, lie raised her hand to his lips and kissed it twice, slowly, passion ately, and he was gone. 