Ladies' Lore. tiettfe? from Paris -r-- .. AngrisS iS\ .) _.The Academy of Halrdremers is at daggers flrowu with the faahlovable world. Hitherto the ouillafy artists led the ladlee in the matter m eoS&ire; ;.,at pregent the ladies aryindepen qSjiV for .t^p pre^a|Uo^; Greek coin ate istho outjpnt of toe'ic anil taet^Vqhft xartifo, they' hare no difficulty ia dree sing their Heir them-: selves, for the style Greek ie andalatorf, trry Simple, most oonTenient, aed salts all ladles. Natnrally the temple of Ephesas is in danger, tBrtaomuoh from diminished dtesiing servloM, -: Jmt frodhthe fast that so little false hair can be , - Pf^loisd In W ruling tttode. 'Whsn the head qnyinous with a MafltoWuij}, ialse ' looks had to Hi employed In tofajton: . One t -(hairdresser honestly avowed trat he aid not Jose • fcby the change; the Greek plan was tfid opyo '. rfte to the seaSolding, and he made it lower by means of postiohes, pins, end frisettes,so that M iSTtr spld more false hair than now. ' That did flot 'ooagole .the fraternity, who ■ ' negotiated wi'h the jewellers dad florists, and i' drew np a petition to Parliament, praying that that a law be voted compelling every lady at tending a theatre to remove her bonnet before entering hot box. This wonld foroe. ladies to have their hair artistically dressed, and wonld -' ■naturally involve the wearing of jewellery in '"-the ooiilare as well as of ..flowers. The Farlia ' 3fnent did not take the petition'iiito considers c-yriMjodtUddering that the ladies knew always -n'what stilted them best; .jf Jtorioe Wat sedreidiy to {Be Doti de "•yOambaoeree, the' grand ohamVetlalc tif the ' ' Beeohd Empire from 1863 to 1870; during that :-rperiod he kept a daily reoord of all the State ceremonies and of the persons present The ' municipality has purchased the mannsoripts ' Thl desotiptidh of the golden rose presented ' la 118? by the Pope to the Empress is interest :'ing. It odaiiita of a golden flower visS fall of ''full bloom roses in gold, dominated''by the eonseorated'flower. The vase has a stem in {lapU-laznU, bearing the names ia -mosais in . ernitstions both of the Fopo and the Emperor. ' On the vase are two bas-reliefs representing • -thaibirth of the Virgin and her presentation at -thstemploi. On July 16, 1870, when war had -. '.been declared against Germany, Napoleon reoeived a letter fom King William, later etaperor, announcing tho birth of a grandchild. vh.Onthaday-.of the battlo of Sedan n. similar -•filatter .was reoeived front another cousin, the *c®nparoref Bussla, notifying the birth of an arehduohess'. .Kapoleon Hi. recast many of citto oldebnrt hsages, thus: Whoever desired \- admittance to his room was to knook at the (u dooi,-instead of the ancient ouatom of "scratoh ( lagiiks a bat." TJnlikehis predecessors, he never ■ drew the bolts of the doors, when in his apart meat. He abolished tha onstom of haviiig specisl spoons, goblets, plates, 4o., looked np precaution: 'enveloping hls'plete," &o;„-with a napkin, till he ."Vaaaeated. - He took hlsbhanoa to be poisoned, \- like his gnesta, and tha risk existed,, as he gave " the'-worrt dinriera in Faris. The best dinner ' 'gtrth'under the'8eoahd:Emp!re was General "Henry's, that whloh sSoored him the embassa • dMshlp'toBntela. - The first Napoleon told his [-visitors that wheu they wanted a good dinner -fhey shohld'dihe with his generals. J \- r;.'tFhe n'ow'fi d'olook tea ia not a modern insti \- -^itimit Jaa I find.tHe Frinoe de Oonti,.in 1763, * "'give teas that aoqulred notoriety. . When the ssrvanU laid the tea table they withdrew. The Bfinoa looked ,the: doors, the lsdiee made the t$»,tho gentlemtn hahded it round, - the Kin^ . presenting the first onp to the hostess. One of, : ytbe gigatestplassuMa of Louis XIV. 'was to \- ~)make tho opffee for his gueete. . ' . . Xhs tlniyeraity or Cookery Sohool will not [only tie empowered to grant diplomas, bnt to reoaiva Jntem pupils irrespective of nationality. ' Ko latter isan unexpected piece of liberality, 'OS the. .Frehoh authorities are closing every dooeegainit the stranger. No sohool, whether foe young ladies-or yonng gentlemen, will be alio wad to- oxiet'lnFranee from January 1, ; 1893,, unless the priooipal be French. The ; professors of every living langnage must be ;,;ilib-Bnmch. The Hoke de H is langhed at as a .'IhhaUe, bsoadse be eats bis meals in the *..kitchen; "tha.latter is really only a part of the ' "Brionial hall. Tho duke Indulges in no innova " tioo-Upte the seventeenth oentnry, there was ho : spealal roomlet dining; the meals were served ' swier iabed chambers or the kitohen. TheOon \- rotable of Kbntmoreaey maintained that when ] t.W young noble with an income of 1,600 francs, prefers to dine In a speolsl room instead of the fatehtt, he most be in an nnsonnd state of asiad. ! The doctors are protesting that the worst plaoe people can go to, after leading a fast ulife in the capital, is to a fashionable watering place. Their counsels are disregarded , ItS judge by the mountains of baggage at the railway termini. The favourite trunks are in wicker-work oovsred. with - oilcloth, and the tagtfc of a jnpon. In the bottom the personal linen; at top the most fragile articles oi toilet. A special portmanteau in American linen ia , devoted to night dresses and toilette neoessaries —in a word to aitioles that will be immediately required without opening the trunk. j Striped flannels and bine serges, are the do minating drees materials for travelling the sea \- ride or the country. They wear well and look the same if simply made. The staffs mast be good, and sen be enhanced with silk omamen ■Mtap*- Ifo* evening wsar, foulards, satthsttci, ■-ud innsUns, Bobes still retain the tendency to with a ghost ol a train, and a sort of Bmbraila expansion. Sleeves oontirne to be worn high, and tha ehonlders square. Finks Mid blues are the reigning oolonrg. .'Tho polerine, iq .blsok lace, ia a. general favourite, at onao light and elegant. For ladles no longer yonng nor yot aged, the Jaquette Is the mogt suitable, and it suppresses fbemqntle. The yellow or blaok leather belts are at last being out-rivalled by loose ribbon sashes. ' Bailor bata are in great vOgtlS, trimmed with ribbon, having a tip of a wing at the tide. Large bata are thickly,trimmed with feathers aidnbgers. lhe.briina are soft to enable bh&g; tnrned nprfa th« wearer desires.. Ospe ltiei ahd eapotes appegr to be made of nothings —SI B't'tre dolohrdd stratf,- roses, ribbon, and long striigS. Tbe attempt to dithfoinj the black Stocking by the white silk has failed: For seaside Mid oonntry, the yellow shoe; for dress rfear, the nraliere in patent leather. Gold neok cbainV, with "pearl atops, have a tiny looking-glass dttdShea.'iv 