The Picture of Bad Luck! [By ' Smiler.'] [Author o£ 'Wanderings of a Simple Child,' ' On the Barrier,' ' Partners,' ' Big Dick's Mate,' &c.;, &c.j; (Specially Written for the ' National Advocate.') Chapter X. ? THE HE GOAT OP THE FLOCK.! , He was told later on that if a man should draw a gun on any of those creatures, even when attacked by a dozen or more of theru armed with lumps of road metal or broken bottles, he would be tried for his life on a charge of wilful murder. So fond are the Sydney authori ties of the greatest curse that ever left the breeding pit ot hell. Asthorath stood meditating upon the sccne of savage lawlessness, smoking his cigar; until at length he was noticed by a girl of about fifteen years of age, dressed in very giddy attire. This female fiend at , once called the attention of her friends to the solitary figure standing calmly upon a slight eminence, looking as un concerned as if he'd been watching the antics of a herd of buffaloes away in the wild west of his own native land. In a moment, fifty yelling, gibing, shrieking animals, male and female, caiue capering up towards the American. Their attenu ated, stunted figures, were clad in many hued vestments, and soon bottles began to sing through the air and glance past his head. Then he stirred, and his right hand sought his hip-pocket, and the next instant the blue, cold barrel of a Smith & Weston revolver was pointed fair at tho centre of the gang, and they stopped in open-mouthed amazement. ' I'll send an ounce of lead clean through the next cur who throws bottle or metal my way, hit or miss.' The cold, stern voice, with its peculiar twang, steadied the gang, and without an effort to show fight, they took to their heels and made off to the far end of the ground, and the American, with a much puzzled look upon his countenance, moved slowly homewards, and a few days later took train for the Broken Hill silver fields. Chapter. XI. THE LONELY HORSEMAN. jSitting beautifully in the saddle, the ' Picture' rode on io meet and betray Dick Graham to his foes. Little did she care for the soft sweetness of the dawning. She saw the lazy-looking kangaroos rise up and stare at her for a few seconds as if uncertain what course to persue, then spe?d off like ghosts, with their long, noiseless bound on two legs, looking like half-finished creatures whom Dame Nature had stinted ; but she heeded them not. Now and again an emu with its dark drab features, long neck and stiltlike legs, would stride across her track, not seeming to be moving at a great rale, and yet covering the ground at a speed that would try the metal of many a thoroughbred horse and liound, and she wished that sire liad big Jim Wilkin's hound at her side, because it was her instinct to destroy, but she never once pulled bridle until she made the trusting spot. Then she looked round, but could see no one. After, waiting awhile she placed her two small hands trumpet fashion to her ; lips, and sent up the shrill coc- ee:coo-ee of the bushman, and as its echoes .enmo back to her she smiled, for she felt certain , that Graham would hear that summons and obey it to his own destruction. She waited fully five minutes, and again the strange sounding coo-ee-coo-eee rang out ' shrill and high, and went floating on the morning zephyr over the saltbush . plain, but it did not reach the ears of the reckless outlaw who was ? holding his horse well together, and yet covering the ground as a man only does when he knows that his life will pay the penalty of tardy riding; The ' Picture' ? began to feel that somehow her scheme had miscarried, and that' she had been fooled. She rode carcfully round in a wide circle spreading every time she passed a -given .spot, until at last she struck the trail she sought — it was only a horse lioof's print, but it was enough. She was not well enough versed in bush craft to tell anything particular regarding it, but dropping her handkerchief on the spot to make it an easy matter for her again to find the trail she wheeled her horse round and rode off homewards; nor did- she spare her horse until she came to the patch of timber in which the troopers had camped waiting for her to give tho signal that the quarry was at hand. As she galloped up, with- her eyes sparkling angrily, and her small mouth looking hard and cruel, Trooper Bolster, tho young fellow whom she had charmed the night before, slipped up and caught hold of her bridle rein, laughing as ho remarked— ' Well,. sweetheart, is the dingo wait ing for the hounds ?' ? 'No he's not,' she replied savagely; 'He's been there though, and lias left recently. , Let your black boys get on his tracks quick or you'll nover seo Dick Graham again.' 'Bah!' replied the trooper, ' It's merely a matter of time. ? He's bound to be run to earth before long — to-day or 1 to-morrow, it don't matter much, does it, pretty one ?' 'I believe you're afraid of: him,' sneered the woman. ' You've heard that Dick Graham has sworn he won't be taken alive, and you aro afraid to try to get him though you have all this crowd with you.' The trooper never said a word as ho tightened his saddle girths, looked- to his pistols and then vaulted into tho saddle, hut there was an ugly devil in his face, . and a cruel light in his eye when lie beckoned the oldest of tho black trackers to his side, and said some words in the aboriginal tongue. The black imp grinned until every tooth in his head showed white and clear, then bonding his supple figure forward ho sent his horse at a hand gallop on tho ' Picturo's' track. (To be continued .) 