LORD BERESFORD'S RESCUE OF A FRENCH WARSHIP. The Daily Chronicle says:—A private letter from H.H.S. Undaunted, at Jaffa, dated the 4th of May, and received in London on Wednesday, brings the news of a splendid feat performed by the vessel the command of which Lord Charles Beresford has had for about 16 months. Jaffa, the port of Jerusa- lem, has an evil reputation among mariners. "Vessels of any bnrthen have to lie oS in the roads, and the coasting steamers are often obliged to carry on their passengers to Beyrout or Port Said according as they are northward or southward bound. In these roads arrived and anchored on the 23rd of April the French cruiser Seignelay. On Sunday, the 26th, it came on to blow hard from the westward. The Seignelay had no steam op, and the gale increasing^ first one anchor parted, then the other, .and the gale drove the vessel ashore on a eandbank about half a ""1ft from the land. The catastrophe, as it appeared to be, took place at nightfall, and the Seignelay'e captain, evidently fearing the worst, lowered a boat, which, before it readied the shore, lost. two oars and its rudder. Messrs. Cook's chief boatman, Suleiman, who greatly distinguished himself by saving life from a liussian steamer three months before, plunged into the surf with hiB brothers, and brought the boat and men e&fely; ashore. The Arab then swam off to the Seignelay with a letter offering asostance, and got back to the shore at half an hour after midnight, having been in the water some two and a half hours. He reported that there was no " hole" in the ship, so that there were hopes of saving her. Bat in the morning she seemed so firmly embedded that the attempt was thought desperate. So the brave Suleiman swam off again through the heavy sea, tnfl brought ashore, hanging round his neck, the captam's wife. In the ootuse of the 27th the Austrian. Lloyd steamer tried to render help, but was obliged to abandon the attempt. Than Captain Lord Charles Bensford appeared on the scene in the Undaunted, accompanied by the gun-boat Melita, Commander . Sing-Hall. They found that the heavy sea bad driven the Seignelay into shallow water; and the Mdita, which iB of 970 tons and 1,200 horsepower, could not get nearer than 300 yards from the Frenchman, while the Undaunted, which is of 5,600 tons and S,500 horsepower, could not get further in that 450 yards outside die " Łrgi1;f * t In other words, the Undaunted was about half a mile from .the Seignejay. However, eays the letter, " withnebennined work night and day, a steki wire haweer, fifteen ehiujklee of cham table, and the help of God, we floated her in S2 hours. TSie French and "English worked like Trojans together." ' Xhs Skaxx. Bot Tklis she Tboth.—It is tiie boy who nsually tells Dungs, and at the dinner table is his favourite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into the dish'at the head of .the table, and exclaimed, "What a little<&kken; forsomany peoplel" -Tha^ompanyjemilsd eumeptilioply, and his mother endeavoured to quiet him. he mas like Sanqno's ghost. After they had all been helped andwere eating, hisfaoesuddenly lrt upland, .uUppinghis hands, he shouted: "OhJŁyes, I know now, mamma. This is ihe little Thicken that was iU so long in the yard, aint it!" > 