ALt, BIGHTS BBSEBVBD.j mammon. Br MBS. ALEXANDER. " Aotiioji of "The "Wooing O't," "A False Scent," " Mona's Choice," ho. Chatter VIII. — Expulsion. J ho Sclby family were highly delighted at having scoured Olaudo even for a short visit o£ two days. She was a great favorite with tbem alL Her quietness was so far removed from inertia or intiiffcrcnuo that every ono told their Bccrets, their troubies, their little griefs against each otlior. Though her counsels of moderation wero often ovortiy rejected, she was uncon- sciously to herself, a strong, influenco. ""Ask Claude," "Just listen to what Claude says I" " I am sure Claudo agrees with me," were son-' tencos very frequently heard in Major Solby's house. Sho bad been rather delicate when sho first went to live with them, and looked so whito and sad and wistful, that Kate, conscious of her own strength, her abounding joyous vitality, took tho poor little waif under her generous affectionate protection, and remained her fast fiiund through life. It wns like iimorging from tho arctic regions into tho glowing sunsldno of a southern spring, to como from Lichfield-terrace to her uncle's Xilcnsant well ordered house. Oh 1 if without negleot of duty she might stay there, and re fuse to return oven if her father asked her ! Was there any chance of his doing so. " Why, Claude, you aro a capital girl for coming so early !" cried Mrs. Selby, who bad just sat down for a moment's recreation, and to peep at the Times , after a severe scrutiny of the lower regions, and issuing general orders for the day, when her niece arrived. "Kate and Janet will be delighted ; they are dusting the drawing room, or attending to the conservatory- My dear !" — breaking off and looking closely at her guest aftor bestowing a kiss of welcome on her — " You look like a ghost 1 What has gono wrong ;» " I have beon obliged to contradict my father," returnod Claude, with rather a watery smile, " so ho was very cross ond said uupleasnnt things, but I havo been foolish to fret myself so much. However, I may" stay a little longer, which atones a great deal. Now, do not let us talk about unpleasant things, I do want to enjoy myself for a little whilo !" She was de termined not to toll the whole truth ; sho felt curiously, perhaps foolishly ashamed of being turned out of her father's house, and profoundly averso to let her aunt and cousins know that hor refusal of Brandon wbb the cause of it. She specially wanted to kcop that chapter of tho history dark. Mrs. Selby perceived that Claudo did not wish to continue the subject. "Tory well, my dear ! you shall enjoy your- self if wo can manage it." Then going to the door sho called " Katie, Janet, come down, here is Claude I" Immediately there wac a joyous cry, a soft rustling, rushing sound, and tho two girls came flying down stairs. " Oil 1 Claude, I am so glad, how did you manago to como so soon ?" " "What fun, Claudo ! Have you only that littlo bag ? You must dress, you know, to night, wo have a grand stago box. Isn't it a pity Sir Phillip is going somewhere else abroad, and cannot como with us !" Thus, Janet. " My dress is coming. Tibbotts promised to send it by Carter Patterson early." " And Claude has leave to stay a few days," .'added Sirs. Selby. . " That's jolly?" from both girls. "Why, " you are lenrning to manage your fathers! last! But, Claude, you are looking as if you had cried your eyes out 1 " Never mind my eyes, Kate dear ! I an ' ready to laugh as much as you like this even ing.' " You are quite an object, Claiido," snio Janet uncompromisingly, as sho gazed steadily at her cousin.- V Don't bo rude, Janet," cried her mother "Take Claude up to her room, and let her s ei all we have done to the druwingroom since sb( was here. Kate is getting on rapidly with thf mantel border ; it will bo beautiful !" " I want to make something pretty for you' room, Aunt, if Kate will help me to begin." , " Come along, Claude 1 we have a delightfu now duet. You must como and hear that hefori anything else !" and Janet slipped her arm insid-' Claude's and carried her off. Kate stayed behind for a few minutes. ' "Does she not look wretched, mothoc?" ; " Miserable 1" faho must have had a tremendous row wit! the ogre. I hope sho did not knock under b him." Claude is not of tho sort that caves ij easily." ; " What, poor quiet little Claude 1" "Yes, poor quiet little Claudo!" " Won t dad be vexed when he sees Claude's fnco ?" "She will look better by lunoheon time. Your father has gone to Whiteley's for me, and he will not bo in till 1 o'clock." I wish I bad known. I should have asked him to buy me some moro blue silk and gold braid. " My dear Kate, you must not spend your money on that border !" Indeed I do not. You know I had saved up a lot beroro wo came over ; so I havo a right to do what I like with my savings." I trust and hope thcro will be no real split between Claude and her father," said Mrs. Selby as alio resinned her paper. "There is so much in his power ; why, I should be ready to tear my hair if ho left his inonoy away from her," which ho is quite capable of doing 1" "What an appalling old sinnor 1" cried Kato as sho ran off after the others. The three girls enjoyed being together. They had so much to talk about ; recollections, anticipations, projoots of work and play. "Wo are going to a real patty to-morrow night," said Janet, when Claude had boon fur nished with a duster, and they hnd setdiligently to work to liuish regulating the conservatory. " You must come and see our drosses. Mine is now or nenriy new, and Kate's has been dono up beautifully. It is tho white one with fresh wild rt-dos." " That is delightful. Where are you going 1" , " You remember General Bolton and his wife at Dresden ? Well, thoy aro living iu In- vernesS- terrace how, and as it is to bo a mixed juvenile aud grown up business for Geraldiue's twulflh birthday, I am to go." "I do wish you were comhig, too, Claude," cried Kate. "But it is rather a sudden affair. Father met tho General three or four days ago, and then Mrs. Bolton came aud in vited ns." "I could not havo gone if I had been asked, Kate. I have no evening dross excepting my old pink frock, and I have quite outgrown it," and poor Claudo was thankful for tho occupation which enabled her to turn her haolc on her companions, as- she thought how little heurt she hnd for pleasant things, outcast as she was 1 Heir cousins were too full of their own antici- pations to notice hor. " It really is a jolly shame, ns Tom would say," exclaimed Kato, "to sec how tightly you are kept. You nro too soft, too meek, Claude I If your father wore mine, I— I don't kuow what I should do." That is exactly my ease, Kato," returned Claude. There is to be musio first, and dancing after," resumed Janet, who wns very full of hor London party. "Kato and I nro to slog a duet, and she says she feels rather nervous about it ; hut'I do not believe hor I" Tlinuk yon," returned ' Kato, laughing. Then after a pause alia added, "I wonder if— no I don't supposo he will." "What do you mean ?" cried Janet. Oh, nothing. Only it would be vory nice if Sir Philip Brandon were to bo there, but I don't supposo lie will." "-Not he," said Janet decidedly. "Hois a very big man, I believe, and goes to quito tho aristoarntic and distinguished .houses, Captain O'Harasnys." Well, General Bolton is a distinguished man." " Yes, but in a different way." " Why, Janet, how havo yon learned tho difference ?" asked Claudo. "Your ferns aro comingon well, and I fancy you will haveagood show of hyacinths, I wish wo had a littlo con servatory, but — " sho paused abrubtly, remem bering that perhaps she might never return to hor fathor's house again. " I do wish yon were living with us al together, Claude." oried Kate, suddenly bo- , coming alive to tho nnuaual dcisroo of mulan» ehoJjrln hor cousin V voice" and boirfng, and she pat an arm tenderly around hor. "Como, this place looks all right now ; come and hear our duet." " " " ' Tibbots was faithful and sent Claude's dress, eo all woro ready by tho appointed time. ' Tlio party started in high spirits, full of inte rest in their first theatrical experionco in Lon don. ' "Going to tho theatre is a very serious undertaking in England," said Mrs. Solby, at ttoy jolted Drury Lnne wards. " it is ovi- ontly not a familiar, congonial amusement, or people would simplify matters. Think of tho worry of dressing, the cost of cab Jiiro in addition to onuV places i You need not ox- poct mnoh' playgoing, young ladies, unless you . are satisfied with omnibuses and tho ' h'upper suckles.'" ' " Ofi I I donft mind," cried Kate, " where I go, so long ns I have dad with me, and so long as I soo the play." But it is good of Sir Phillip to got us a box. I wish Tom could havo come." "Ho would havo bcon one too many," said Mrs. Solby. "I wish tho drivor would go faster. Wo shall kocp your father waiting." They were rathor oarly, and wcro much struck witli tho immensity of the house ; niso greatly interested in watching ' tho nudienca assemble. At last tho ' curtain drew up, and then everything save tlio stage was forgotten. The beauty of the scenery, the perfection of tho appointmonts, called forth great ad miration ; but npart from tbo' gorgeous deco rations and tho good looks of tho ballot girls thoy saw little to ploaso. indeed tho jests niid tricks of tho' blown," tho pattor and topical songs of tho comie oharncter, tho " gags and allusions to political and social oronts seemed to them vulgar and incomprehen sible, wbile!tho musib was of a very low order Indeed."' " How much moro charming tho Marchonspielo were in Germany," said Claude, "i wisli that horrid olown would go liwny, though ho is very funny. " Horo sho remarked that Kate's bright eyes' grow still brighter, and a faint color rose in her olieok as sho bent her hcad.to someone in the stalls. v Following tho direation of lier consin's eyes, Cidudo recognised Sir Philip Brandon, who was standing' rip during an interval between the acts arid looking toward their box. Besido him was a gentleman, riitlier below middle height, slight and spare, with a short shrewd face, that looked Ds if sonie giant hand liad squeezed it in its Infancy.' His complexion was weather beaten and rnssot, his somewhat scanty rod liair, a good deal powdered with grey, was divided in the middle and brushed into a fiorco looking upstanding fringe at cither side, while a pair of wiry moustaches wore trained and stiffened into a rigid horizontal lino right and left of his mouth. As Clnudo observed him tlirongh her aunt's glnssos, lie looked up and bowed with a smilo which showed" brilliantly whito tooth arid twinkled drolly in 'his 'light grey laughing eyes! " There's Brandon witli O'Hn'rs," said' Major Sclby, who had 'j itst discovered them! "Didn't expect to soo thoso "fellowh nt such n juvenile entertainment." ' " ' " How much nicer Captaiu O'Hara looks in evening dress," said Kate.' ' 1 " Fine outliers, hey ?" said her fathor, "You ought to see hint in his jockey cap rind gay silk jacket! 'He is the smartest light weight on tiie turf;" ' ' ' ; " : " Why ? is he a jockey ?" " A gentleman1 jock." " Are gentlemen jockeys ?" asked Janot, in a wondering tone. Before hor father ' could nnswer, the door of tho box opened to admit Sir Philip Brandon and Captain O'Harn. " I thought you wcro. to be in Paris to-night !" observed Mrs. Sclby as she shook hands with tho former. v . "Yos, I had intonded to start yesterday, but somo lingering reluctance has kept "mo horo ! ' I hope, Miss ' Sclby,- - you havo not boen bored with our -somewhat gothio 'enter tainment." "Oh, I am never bored?" returned Knto,, looking up with a sparkling smilo that soothed to flash forth from somo inner fount of sun shine. "I am very muoh amused and so much obliged to you for getting us this delight ful box!" "You' return the pleasure with compound interest," said Sir. Philip, with an admiring girinoe. "Later on you must see something bettor than this," and he passed on to greet Claude,' which 'lie did with more formal polite ness and less irrepressible joyousness. " All ! Miss Traoey, this is ahUHoxpooted pleasure. Is Ralph Brandon' 'with you Though Claude was a very solf-possossod littio woman, tin's question, coining sosoon after tlio events of tho last two days, disturbed her, and to' Iter infinite annoyance sho foit the color stealing up into hor ohook. " I think Sir. Bran don is out of town." "Well, I mot him in tho Strand to-day," returned Sir Philip, " so you must riiako him explain, Miss Traccy." "He has returned then," said Claude, with animatiori, as she thought, " ho will persuade my fathor to send for ma ! If he doo3 not I will never return." ' Sir Philip placed himself behind Kate's chair, after a' polite word or two to Janot, 'while Slajor Selby and O'Hara talked and laughed together at tho hack of tho box. " And what do you think of the London stage, Mis3 Selby ? " "'This is riot quite a fair specimen ! I must sec more. The scenery is very beautiful, but — " Ah ! I know all that is meant by that dis paraging 'but.' Toll mo, do you still find London dull, as compared with Dresden and ita wild dissipations ? " "Oil no'! Wo aro actually going to a dance, a sort of dance, to-morrow." ' "A sort of danco ? Tho Carmagnole or what ?" asked Sir Philip,- Biniling, as ho gazed into the bright oyes uplifted' to his. . - "A mixed Bort of dance, childron and music and all that." ' f ' Aro tho children served for supper ? " asked Bir Philip gravely. - , . -ii' "I hope not ! - They are to dance with tho old people."; "Yourself amongst them ?" "Yes! Then Janet and I arc to Bing." "Ah I there. is an attraction ! la Miss Traoey going? » . .. .. , "No, poor dear ? Her father is such a dread ful ogre. I fancy ho has been' particularly detestablo just now, for Ciaudo looked' -so miserable to-day, but don't say anything about it." - .." "Not for a kingdom ! You can trust mo with any amount of secrets, Miss Selby. Backs and thumbscrews would not foroo them from me. I must try and seo this ogre that llalph keeps nnder lock and key. Ralph. Brandon lias appro priated him and his daughter. By' tho way ho is some relationship of yours ?" "Ho is my undo, because ho married my aunt, poor soul I I don't wondor sho died young!" ; "Is that the way you would slip out of an uncongenial marriage ?" i . " Oh i dear no, I should murder tho disngrce- aMo husband in Bomo delicate kindly way; and live happy ever after." .. . ; "By Jove I I believo you would, and to dio by your hands in a kindly way would' hot bo an unpleasant ending. ' > .1 .- > .1 "Pooh ! nonsonse," said Hate, but sho blushed and turned her eyes towards tho " box opposite! them. ."Do you think you could got me an invita tion to this fascinating entertainment ?" ' "Pam afraid you- would bo bored at suoh a party." . : . "Not if you promise to do a littio kindly killing.!! .... . n \ r.<, "Tory well," said Kato saucily, "I will ask mothor," and bending forward 'sho attracted Mrs.. Solby's attention with— "Mummy " dear, could you get Sir Philip Brandon : an invitation to the Boltons?'.' \- " Donit you know Goneral Bolton, Sir Philip ?" asked Mrs. Selby with a smile, a 'rather wintry smilo. .1 > >' " ) :"No, unfortunately mino is not a military olub you seo, and— i "I am afraid the time is too short and my ac quaintance with Mrs. Bolton is too ' slight -to permit my asking for any invitation;" said Mr3. Solby. "But if you say that tho young man recom mended ia'nctivo, industrious,- rospcotablo, will ing to dance diligently 'for bis ' supper;' &c.;, aha might seriously incline to your petition."-' '- ' " I daresay she might, but I s'oircely liko to make tho experiment.1 -Moreover,' I am quite suro you would not eare for a milk rind 'watery semi-juvonilo festivity." ") " Your mother is too severe," I10 whispered to Kato, as Mrs. Selby turned to ariswrir an obser vation from O'Hara, " Does she insinuate that T prefer brandy arid witorrirglos T I feel droaf fully wearido'd l ''Howovor, wo will see" what a littlnxesolution may do. Will you promise me first waltz, Miss Solijy)" "" . 1 Kato looked at him surprisod and amused. "How can you manage to go thorc? I don't' oxp'cct t'o seo you, and I am not going to loso my waltz." ' " I promiso yon shnU not !" oried Sir Philip eagerly, urged on by Mrs. Solby's rofusal o ask for an invitation. " - - " - ' "By Georgp, Mrs. Solby, you and your charming daughtora light ' up this" sido of tho house. That 1 husband ' of yours is in clovor, witli tliroo 'charming women to tako out !" cried O'Hara. ' - ' "Perhaps Major Solby finds it an cmlarrasde richcsse to 'bivo "so 'many on liis bands,? said Sirs. Solby, laughing at O'Hara'a flattery. ' " Afi ! you aro an' awful infidol. It's dis tressing to'seo tlio tnbtlier' of a couplo of'riuoli danghfors givon" over to unbollef "—lowering his voice— " who is that palo littio girl in tho corner ?" ... . .. . "My niece, Miss Traoey." " Ah ; 'now — yea I havo heard Sir Philip men tion her, she is— or hoi fntlior is B friend of Balpli Brandon. Do you know him ? Ho's a man in'tbo moon of a fellow, but dotiood clever, and not a bad sort. He was quito a society man,' a groat ally of Lady' Elmslie,'who is in I the first flight you know. Lovely woman too ! They say old Elnislio is going off, had a stroko of apoplexy or paralysis, or somothing. Brandon liad a paper 111 tho Atliis on Indian riffnirs which mride quito a soiisation soriio timo ago. Didn't read it myself, hritc'those kind of con tributions. Facts and figures, you know ; two oonfounded bores, but Brnnilon's lioad is bard crioiigh to knook against such a cairri." '"I can scarcely say I know him, Captain O'Hara, but'Iic seemed rathor au attractive men, though A-ery quiet arid grrivo." "Oh! exactly, butter 'wouldn't molt in his mouth ; still I shouldn't like to bo tho buttor, ho might bolt it oven in a congealed condition if——" " Como, O'Hara, tear yourself away if you can," interrupted 'Sir Philip. ' "AVe must got back to our ' places, tbo' oiu-tain will' bo up in ri niinute. AVe have got'to got through a "lot of gorgeousncss in tlio noxt scone.'' With a smilo and a bow ho loft tho box followed by O'Hnrq. Claude in hor corner had overheard most of tlio talk; and her thoughts'ilow away from her surroundings. Had Brandon returned AVould he interfere on her behalf ? ' AVould I10 savo her the pain and slmmo of tolling Aunt Selby that sho was turned out of her father's house bccriuso she refused to marry a rntin who wa's ready to take hor B3 an unavoidable encumbrance on tier father's money 1 She always tried to make her father appear better than he was, and to con fess he behaved so brutally would have liecri'n great mortification! Then to admit that Hi-'rin; don was an ordinary fortune huntor was 11'ot to bo thought of. Though 'Aunt Selby had a profound sense of tho value of money, "she ki>ow what it could arid could not buy, and Ciaudo had an intense dread of subjecting the curious passnges between her- self and Brandon to her aunt's sbrutiriisirig eye. '' ' ' ; Would Brandon como to -hor resouo?. Why should he trouble himself about people who could be nothing to him ? If he really meant toi-cnbunco all pr'otorisiohs to her" hririd and alt hopes of' her father's "hibii'oyl' ho might simply'drop thoir ab- quaiutancc. If he contiiiuod it, lie could only bo actuated by a disinterested desire to help her self! Another motiv'o ' might have bcon sug gested by deeper worldly wisdom, but Olriudo had the higher wisdom of instinct, and believed that if Brandon was anxious to secure tho advan tages of wealth, ho was also capablo of disin terestedness. " - The stage claimed ber attention, and sho was glad to' turn away from tho contemplation of hor own troubles. ' It was all ovor at last. Sir Philip Brandon and O'Hara awaited them near tbo' door of the box and assisted Major Selby to find a oab! His last words to Krito as he handed her into tho vohiclo wcro " Romombor the first waltz to morrow night !" Kato laughed, but made ho reply. " Tbo next day was one of delightful oxoite- ment. Ciaudo could not find timo to worry liorself, for Kato and ' Janet's 'frocks lind to bo completed, arid the 'buiidrod and one siriall accessories of evening' dress, which aro raroly ready for those who go but seldom to evening parties, to bo prepared.' So the three girls worked and chatted gaily togethor in Kate's room, Sirs! Solby occasionally looking in to counsel and exhort. " Mummy !" exclaimed Kate on one of tlicso occasions, "why 'did you r'ofuso to ask for Sir Philip Brandon ! Ho dances so woil." ' "I did not care to put myself out of tho way for him." " "Don't you liko him ? I think ho is bo nice !" " YoS, 1 nice enough," roturncd her mother carelessly, "but wo' aro not likely to see maoh of his nicety ! I hear bis place is to ho let, and he is going off to retrench abroad. I have no patience with spendthrifts who throw away tho advantages of their position for the sako of vanity or absurd 'self indiilgchoo. Come along; Janot, I want you to help me in tho store room." Kato looked rather thoughtful when sho was left nlono with Claude. " I nth rather sorry for Sir Philip," ;sho said- presently. " Ho is very pleasant if he is thoughtless." Then after a pause she cxolaimed with a alight blush, and ri littio laugh, "I wonder' if ho will iiucceod ill ' getting an invitation to Mrs. Bolton's party ; it would.be great fun to meet him, but ho will very likoly'forget all about it." . "A'ery likely," echoed Claude, placidly. "I supposo ho lias heaps of places' to go to. Mr; Brandon seoms always engaged "in the even ing." Kate was silent for a minute or two, then sho said, "At all evcntB my father says we shall havo plenty of partners, ns tlio general knows lots of Indian ollicers, and thcy dance well. '"I hop'o thoy have good large' rooms." "Yes, I hope so," said Claude with hearty sympathy. ... < "I do wish you were coming, Claude, I am sure you would enjoy it." ' " "I should like' to go," with a sigh. " I begin to doubt if I shall over go to dances or anything pleasant. It seems to me that to' livo in Lich- field-terraco is enough to cut me off from the world and fun of any kind." 1 " I am suro you arc miserable about somo- tliing, dear Claude.; you might tell mo ?" coax! ingly. ' . "Yes, I am protty miserable, and I may tell you some day, but not now." " : ' ! " It is Mr. Tracey's fault I am suro." "AVcll, lio is very disagreeable;" said Ciaudo heartily, " but " Tlio entrance of tlio smiling housomaid carry ing a basket full of lovely hot bouso (lowers, arid ferns, interrupted thorn. "They aro for you,' miss," she said, presenting thorn to Kate, who perceived licr own name, writton in a clerkly lmnd on a card, attached ' to tho handlo of the basket.' 'i "Oh ! liow beautiful, how delicious," cried Kato bending over tho blossom in high delight' " I am suropoor dear dad has sent thoso. How angry mummy will be with'him for spending his money. But they aro' so lovely ! and quite enough for Janet, too ! Seo! what ! exquisite ferns. It is almost a sin to wear them in -hot rooms. I will ' give' you some to take home,' Claude ; I know how you love! flowors. : 1 "Oil I shall enjoy them here, ' ICate, I hopo to stay a littio longer." I 1 1 " That's right, dear, it looks as if you had got the best of it with' your frithcr."' . ' : i "I rather think I havo had the worst," said Claude, and then blushed- at having so-far fori gdttbfi herself;" ' >'«>"'! ' '»< ; 1 ' -i,)-' ) -Kato lauglled heartily, andboforo thopleasant sound died away; ' there was ri knock, at tho door. " Como in," cried Koto. Major Selby entered.' AYell, my dears," I10 begani then interrupted liimsolf. " AVliy, Kitty darling, what -a fine posy ' I" ' ' ' " Don't protend innocence, you doar old im postor, you know all about them;-" "Poii - my vsoijj ;'!' do-HAjt; 1 haven't the ghost of an idea wherq < thcjriii'coriio from, 'haven't you?" - - "No dad ! I should think it a mistake, only there is my name and address on tho card." I would give them to -yon with all my heart if my pockets were a trifle bottor lined." " AA'ell, you shall have a nice buttonhole for 1 yourself, dad." ' ' ; ' 1 " Thank you, dear. Now I am going to the club, and your'mothcrwantii'to Mow what tiirio we ought to dine." 1 " Ob, at 7 as usual. AYe need not atart till G ; we are nevor loiig dressing."- - Kr. » i i "Voty woli," said'tha Major, and left tho room, while Kato busied hersolf putting her floral troasurea in water. Then she stood gazing at them, tho bright color slowly maritling'ori her, check, at sho murmured, "Who can havo sent mo theso benutiful flowers?" " 1 qllaptkr- h;. — rkoonoiltatiqn. Claude had played Cindoroila to iier oousins and liclpod them to 'dress with tho heartiest good will. Sho was quite proud of Kate's beauty and becoming toilette, and glad to seo Janot look unusually woll. she had assisted to wrap thom up (for it was a chilly February even- ing) and kissed hor hand to 'tliom from tho nail door, tlieri hor " occupation h'oing o'er, " slio .wont hack to tho diningrodom, whore a goetl flro glowed and oraoklctl. Taking up a volumo of Travels, whioh had supplied iiio ilajor with literature for a ' considerable period, sho looked at tlie clock. "Only iO' minutes past 9,j' eiio said to iicrseff. ' ' I cannot go to bod yet awhilo, I should lio awake.'.' Tho wholo family, inolnding Tom, had beon biddon to hlrs. Bolton's' festivity, 'and' their early attondanoo specially roquostod, so Ciaudo sot- tlod liersolf for an hour or more of quiot road- ing. Ilor oyos, howovor, onjy followod tho linos, sjic oould not fix hor wandering thoughts. If her fathor porsistod in bnnishing hor, what waB she to do ? Sho could not bo a burden to her annt, and oven if sueccssful, it would be some timo before Bho could earn enough to pay for hor board, Mrs. Sclby would bo just and, kind, but not quixotically generous, if Horo tho, sorvant ontorod with a card, and sai'l " plonse'm will you seo tho gontloman ?" " Rajph Brandon," cried Claude, rending the namo on tlio card.' "Oh I yos, yes, shovv him in,? and sho wont forward to moot him with outstretohod hand. "Lato as it is, I thought I must try and seo you, ' said Bianduu, huldiug it kindly for a riiomcnfc ,'f I havo'corao from Lichfield-te'rraco with a flng of truoo I'! "I know yon would help me. I folt you would come 1" oried Clnudo, sitting down again in her uncle's capacious choir, whilo Brandon drew otto besido hor. 1 " Y03, of course, yon oountod on mo, I liavo soldom been so profoundly annoyed as I am now, at being made a sourco of injustioo and positive injury to yon.' You must let mo toll my story from tho beginning. I 'could hot manngo to call on your father yostorday, but' I sent a lino asking permission to dine with him to- day. I found 'him exceedingly moody, nnd then I asked for yon, and ho said you wore pay ing a visit to lira Selby. I was glad to' hoar this, for the monotony of your lifo at' homo must be rather oppressive. It was riot till'aftbr dinner, and wo. wore nlono, that Mr. Traoey in formed me of his displeasure with you,' and I must say his extraordinary, his rnosf unjusti fiable, conduct. I was right, you'soo, in warning yon against letting him' know your objection to his matrimonial soherao until I had prepared tho way." ' ' - ' v ' "But I could not avoid telling him, Mr. Brandon. Ho asked mo distinctly if yon had asked mo to marry you, and if I had said 'yea! AVbBt could I say ? Then ho was so- dehporately angry that— it makes my heart boat to think of it." ' ' Brandon murmured somothing to liimsolf. " I need not tell you that I was exceedingly angry," too. I told him what I thought very plainly, hat I found liim harder than I oould havo expected. Finrilly I told him that if lio' did notreo'all you, and make rin apology > I would nevor enter his doors again. Ho saw-tbat'I was in'earneBt, arid after a littio further argument ho wroto this"— taking a rioto from his breast pookot, " whioh I hopo'is satisfactory." ' ' Ciaudo opened' the onvelope, and glanced at tho contonts,1 whioh wore briof. fit 'does not exactly road liko tho outpouring of a roperitririt heart." - 'Brandon smiled, too. " My dear Clnudo," it ran, ' I wish- you to 'return ' hrimo.' "I -havo perhaps. boon too hasty, though tho provocation I received was groat. Your affeotionato father; J. Tiiaokt." ' < " "You' will accept this?" asked Brandon, looking earnestly at her. - " I will. I shall get nothing bottor, and it will do." Sho Bpoko very quietly, ' but hb saw that her lips quivered. ' ' — ' " Believb mo I havo beon extremely distressed and scandalised by- your father's oonduot. I fear you will liavo such unpleasant associations with my urilubkly self that you may not like to ioo riie at your father's table."' ' ' - ' - "You' are mistakon," said Claude, looking candidly and kindly into bis eyes. -- "-Now-- that we thoroughly understand oacli other I am glad to soo you ; perhaps selfishly glad, tori feel that yonr friendship is valuable to me; and' I 'thnnk you'henrtily'for your help! It has beon- a horrible time altogether."' ..i -> 1 1 ' "I can well believo it, Miss Traoey." " Oh, pray call mo Claude,- Miss Traccy puts me so frir away. Yes, it has all been dreadful.' I 'havo been' so angty; so ashamod. Right' or wrong, ' it -is a dlsgraco to ho' tarried 'out of my. , father's - liouso.v 1 could; not 1 go -about explaining the -reason, whilo. tho fact would bo indisputable. I haye felt such an impostor these trirb- Wretched days, for of 'oonrse my good aunt and unelo liad no idea why I' waB ablo -to stay on. here.) I: could not explain -everything to,, them." - A soft , color -roBe in her check whilo she spoke., .- "Noi of course not. I understand," said Brau'don, hastily.' '"It Was' very discreet' bf yoii -to-keep-your cxptilsiou- dark. It simplifies matters,!' : :v-v r, "It. was not disoretion, it was instinct," re turned Claude. " Now I shall riot- go liomo until the day "after 'to-morrow. " ' Yery woll ; take as long a holiday as you can. By tlio'way, xMr.'Traccy ''said' ho hoped' -you would return as if nothing , had happened," - i ., 1-- . , -"Docs my fattier fancy I shall fair on his neck" nnd woep?" asked -Ciaudo with' a con temptuous eurl on her lips. -"Ho is a- good deal 'mistaken.',' Then with a suddon-ohange of tono. "Poor old'mani- I would- givo -tho world, I would give all tho fortune he. may leave m'e, if he would let mo love him. Oh! what an arid" desert that house- is;' or ratlibi' would ho, but for -poor- dear -Tibfiots. 1 -I"do lovo-.Tibhetri.''- i"' vi. - " Yet I can see that your fathor misses you', Clnudo." (he brought out tho name very softly 'and"' kindly), "I think lie likos you as well- as lie can liko ' anything outside his money." - t . v .. ; \- " Faiicy being second to filthy lucre 1" " Filthy luore takes preoedonco of most things and sentiments with most pouple," saidBraudon,- smiling. - ' ' Yes,' I Mow you think so." "Is that. not an unnecessarily nnkind out, and an infringement of our oontraot into tho bar gain?" . ' 1 " Perhaps so. I bog your pardon." " I will grant it if yoa proriiiso nrivor to up braid ma again.-" A < . ... ..'.'I did not mean to upbraid,'! said Claude, and then paused abruptly. t, 1, " A'ofy well, wo will bury the hatchet. Now pray writb -a few' lines to 'your father,' stating that you are willing to roturn to him."' -->- i '-" Can you not: tako a mossogo- from riio ?" " It is rather Into ; L could- post.-a note for him." '. , - . . , . ..... - Claude thought for a moment, then sho said, " I will wrlto," and, going ' to hor aunt's sacred- writing table, traced -a -few lines aud took them to Brandon for inspection.'-. Ho looked over them and said,- " All right, no gush here, ocrtninly." . Ciaudo put tho note in an envclopo, enclosed it and gave it back to Brandon. "I 'suppose I ought to go now," bo Baid, rathor discontentedly; ; "Are you all alono here?".-, " I am ; my aunt, unelo and cousins havo gono to ri dance.". ' . "Don't you liko dancing? AViiy did you not accompany tlicrri J" t " You sco I- had no dress, and, worso still, no invitation." - " That is too bad. AYhen you return toLicli- fiold- torraoe, you must tako-oommand of the es tablishment ; iuvito your young friends and enjoy yourself;" , ,, ; Claude shook her head. "I do not think I should over, attompt such a font. There are somo things I. doro not do." : " I begin to.,tbink you do not know tho ox- tont of your own pluck. Now what shall you do whon I am gono ?" . "I shall go to bed and sleep, because you have removed the onusa of my sleeplessness. I groatly dreaded having to toll everything-to my. aunt and unolo. iTboy judge my fathor rathor severely.!' ... ; . " AVolI, it is all right now, so I will saygood- night;" ' . : . '.'Good- night," echoed Claude, "and thank you heartily," . .. . . \- They shook hands in a friendly fashion, and Brandon started to walk towards his own abode j- until I10 found a hansom.- - -r i-.-t v- . > " I shall not again beliovo in my own pene tration," I10, .thought, as lie- pressed on steadily, " after . sotting down tliis keenly observant . 11a- tured little girl as too mild, too unemotional, to earoformoiothnn a quiet, well .ordered home, and n polite friendly ihusband. AYho knuws what fires lurk under . that calm exterior.: Sho is tho revcrso of all I imagined her to be and, had sho accepted me, would havo ledino along-a thorny path.: Yet I fancy' thoro is a touch of nobility, in liar nature. Sho is so frank and fresh; I hope some Prince Charming may turn to- woo and win tlio dainty littio lady, and that she may live happy over after." - _ .- Meanwhile Claude, with a sonse of doop thankfulness, stulo away to bed, her .last thoughts being a prayer to God for the enlighten; meut of hcr-futhor,. lor tho-happinoss and sua- ocssof her good friend Ralph Brandon. bofore sho passed into: balmy dreamless uloep. t "f-To be continued;) 