THE DAY OF REST. •M FEEL LIKE SINGING ALL THE TIME." (A Sermon by ihe Rev. John MoNkill.] Text, 103rd Psalm—'" Bless the lord, O my soul." There are sire things here, you will notice, for which we are called upon to bless our God. We uiiebtmahe this, without being fanciful, into a directory, not exactly for public worship, nor ' altogether for private worship either, but for that element in private worship which belongs to praise and thanksgiving. The worship of God, either in public or private, is, as you know, complex. Wo have to adore Him; we have to confess our sins; wc have to ask for guidance aiul help; we have also I continually to give thanks. And here in these detailed items, as given from the Psalmist's heart and experience, and from the teaching of the Holy .Spirit behind that experience, we have something to inform and direct our thoughts—something to help 11s to rise to the height of this great argument— blessing tlie Lord our God for personal grace and mercy in the midst of abounding sin and suffering. Our Lord was never asked by Bis disciples to teach them how to praise. He was once asked, "Lord, teach us how to pray;" and in choice and particular language He led out theiv hearts and ours in plain, express, worthy petitions. But if Be had been asked to teach them how to praise, I do not know that even he—remembering the fountain from which tills psalm c mes, He would only have been using bis own—I do not know that even lie would have answered otherwise than in the language before ns. "After this manner praise ye—Bless the Lord, 0 my soul, and all that is within ine bless His holy name. Bless the Lord, O my soul, and for get nob all His benefits; who forgiveth all tliine iniquities, who healeth all thy diseases, who re doemeth tliy life from destruction, who crownoth thee with loving kindness and tender merries, who satieSetb thy mouth with good tilings, so tliat tliy youth is renewed like the eagle's." Verity, here is surely on every ground a safe, and worthy, and most excellent ground for ordering our thoughts—and i our words coo—in this great matter. | I fain would go into the whole psalm, but it is too vast, too broad and deep. It seems to me to be somewhat like a great arch spanning a ravine or chasm that otherwise there would be no getting across; a great gulf, fixed, filled with all manner ot things awful, and gruesome, and destructive. Here is one of the sides—this side of the arch—personal grace and personal mercy; and the spring and span of the arch—the real bridge of it—is found in the middle part of the psalm—the covenant Lord our j God, tlie covenant God of Israel—" The mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting, to children's children, to Buch as keep His covenant, and to those that remember His commandments to do them." And this, again, is the far side—the heavenly side—where the spring of the arch grace fully falls to the eternal shore; when we are called npon, as tbongh we stood in the midst of the heavenly glory, had left the earth and forgotten the | howling ravine—" Bless the Lord, ye His angels," , the redeemed sinner of the earth leading the heavenly choir—'' Bless the Lord, ye His angels, that excel in 1 strength, that do His commandments, hearkening unto the voice of His Word. Bless ye the Lord, all I ye His hosts; ye ministers of His, that do His pleasure"—as if, standing on heaven's heights, we saw back through all time and snare, through the ! finite and the infinite. " Bless the Lord, ail His ; works in all places if His dominion; bless tbe Lord, O my soul." I, who came on the bridge at the earthly end of it, am still "I ' at the heavenly end; saying at the end what I said at the beginning, and I never forgot all the way across, " My God and me; I iny need and His fulness. Bless the Lord, O my soul." I Now, let us come back to notice a few particulars, j "Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me"—within me. That is the prelude, the overture, i Here, like some mighty musician, the Psalmist sketches in tbe two first verses the theme tliat of for wards is to be worked out in detail, in symphony, and melody, and harmony. He reminds us here, then, that the praise of God is essentially an inward thing. This is the secret of it—its inwardness. I do not think he is discounting, I do not think he is op posing and renouncing, and denouncing these out ward forms it takes. It wouldhavebeenmconsistent | for David certainly to have done so. He calls for the outward in many a. psalm. He asks that God may be praised with a loud voice. He asks that the timbrel, and harp, and psaltery, and organ, and I don't know what—all, that the full orchestral baud may help the soul in swelling out its hymn of praise to liod. But herehe just forgets these, and by for getting them, put them in their true, accidental, or merely secondary, place, that he may fasten atten tion on the pcrsanainees and inwatdness of praise— "all that is within me." , Then each one of ns might sing this psalm. J.t depends not on voice or instalment. We are ail in- \ vited, and tbB materials lie at hand. It only de pends on this—I will put it almost to the verge of , grotesqueness to emphasize it—have you got a "witinfi,','orarejron all."outside?" Are yon truly ! a living soul'/ That is the touchstone—that is the test—have yon got an "inner man?" Have you an ' inner life that no eye can see but your own and God's—that no person can touch after all nor un derstand save yourself—a secret chamber unknown, unobserved—the vulture's eye hath not seen it, tbe keenest critics know nothing about it ? The Holy Spirit behind,-the Psalmist goes to that door. He gives a knock, a ring, to rouse, to call, to evoke the real" you" inside these muddy vestures of decay: behind this stout framework of walls and windows he speaks to the inhabitant within. " All that i3 wKInn me bless His holy name." I might call in the aid of mental philosophy, but I won't, in a kind of partial attempt to describe a11 that is within—the reason, aud the will, and the conscience, and the memory, and the affections and desires. What a great lifets inside?—whata. wonderful organ I And the Holy Ghost wishes the breath oi thankfuluess to breathe through nil its stops. What a harp with many strings! And every one can be thrummed by Divine fingers—can be struck with the plectroa of Christ's own hand—can vibrate with this sweet, in imitable spiritual music, " O, my soul, my soul, bless God; forget thyself, thine outward self, aud that clamorous outward world: dismiss it all, and come inside and draw the curtains rioso, and turn up the light and sing thy psalm of praise to thine own God;' As we might put it in our braid auld Scottish tongue, " Sing your aiu sang." That is what Ilavid is thinking of; only he says it in Hebrew, not in broad Scotch—"Sing your ain sang, your ain psalm, to your ain Redeemer." " Ail tliat is within, bless His holy name." Is there another point, or am I over emphasising it, when he soys, "His holy name":" I would see that before mine own mind when I atu engaged in this heavenly exercise; as if the Lord would have ute i understand tliat praise lias a real " objective,'' just ' as prayer has. There is really One there before yen, whom you ore praising. Asl have a naiue. and that name deuotus, and connotes, and shuts me off froiu yon, and you from me, so is It with tho Highest. I am speaking to One as personal as myself, One who i has a name, with all that a name deuotes aud eon- j notes of personality. The Maker shall surely have : what He lias nntiume. He tliat made my eye,shall | He not seo? He that made my ear, shall there not i lie hearing in llim? He that made my heart, iny i inward heart, that loves, and hates, aud throbs, and I swells, shall there not be in Him a heart of love and hate? All things that are personal are in Him. Go ■ that when we are praising the Lord, anything that would make us feel misty and hazy is taken away from ns by this word—"Bless His holy name. Thou art beside thy God as beside a living friend, who just a moment before lifted thee out o£ deep waters, aud has set tbee wet and shivering, or warm and dry, en the shore. Thou art at the feet of thy Saviour, thyself and he, as if, besides thy self, nor man nor angel lived in earth or heaven. Por you know, in these metaphysical, refining days, we nead this little preloae to these few notes touched to put us right; to give us the key tones, to show ns the lines and spaces of the stave on which our song is set, that we may be sure and certain, and ring out tbe notes like those who " know their music," and are delivered from falter Ing and uncertainty. Modern srienne is quite uncertain, cithor about me myself, or Thee, Thyself, my God; quite uncer tain—dumb and dark. It- is quite dons with our hymns, either ancient or. modern; and hasn't, as yet, at any rate, published a collection of its own. Professor Huxley will be in no danger of getting into a whirling excited, nerybantic state over" such "songs without words" as Agnostics ring. " Bless the—(Blank), Oh, my (blank)." is rather tliinnish, I abonld say; qnite too utterly blank infach But something like that gets into re- ' ligion, and it seems to be rather more sublime to be ' hazy and uncertain, to make God so big aud vast that we cannot name Him. That kind of teaching never call Him "The Lord my God. That kind of teaching calls Him tbe Great Unknown—capital G and capita! U. That kind of teaching drifieelllin with capitals—the Infinite, the Immense," the Un. s*en. That fcindof lea'diing says, " Prav; but after all, the blessing or prayer is in its reflex action. The prayer goes out of your mouth, and comes back into your ear again, and docs you some good that way." But the oid teaching of the Bible puts God before me, and makes Hiui objective and real. I am not shooting at nothing. I am [speaking into an ear that is connected with a heart, that is connected with an arm that moves the world. " Oli, yes," says the modern, "pray, but it is reflex. Ask, seek; but yon will never find." As one has said, " You have lost your child and you go looking font. Look for it, and look for it diligently. You will never find your child, but it is a pleasant exercise. Seek, you will never find anything; but it's grand to be seeking; and by-and- by you will not want your child." Not m David; not so, I trust, with you and me. We seek, we knock, and it is opened unto us. The Living One comes forth and says, " I hear you ringing the bell; what do you want?" And soinpraise, which in many ways is soakin to prayer, we will come with our souls filled with gladness, and tell Him, knowing that He listens, and is de lighted with the incense and pure offering of a grateful heart. One other note that the Psalmist strikes in this prelude leads roe right down into the substance of the matter—" Forget not all His benefits." O my believing friends, the trouble with us lies there. Our best servant tohelp us in this inward work of bless ing and heaping praises on the name of God isagood memory. 1 think we arc sadly defective there. If you arc forgetful, yon will be silent. Has any soul here been getting dumb towards God in praise? You have been getting careless in the exercise of memory. " Forget not all His benefits." For we do forget. Partly it is sin—black and base; partly it belongs to the limitation of our faculties; nut too surely it happens that" Eaten bread is eoon forgotten." We need to take time, like David, place and space, in which we shall, by means of memory, ransack and explore the ways-of oar God to onr own selves, and thus get fuel to put on the fire that otherwise begins to burn iteelf out oven in redeemed bearts. " Forget not all his benefits." Oh, how many of ns must charge our hearts to-day with forgetful!ions! We would not so forget what any human benefactor bad done for ns. " How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child," and God has many of them, and some of them, I fear, in this very Chuich this morning. And the reason is not a reason of desperate wickedness, or of any great malignancy. It is " Evil wrought from want of thought as well as want of heart." We do not re member. Familiar with tbe effect, we slight the cause; and, in the constancy of God's gifts, think it iB all a matter of the "reign of law," and this element of throbbing thankfulness dies down in the human heart. The vox humana stop of the great organ of Divine praise gets faint ana uncertain for want of living memory. Now, I ask you to remem ber. Bemember, first of all, thou wast a bondman in tbe land of Egypt, and the Lord thy God redeemed thee, Bemember all the past years; let memory bring out of its storehouse all your former blessings; remember that you are a miracle of mercy, you are a monument of redeeming grace. Why are you here with all things as they are round about you, and the prospects you have ahead of yon; how has it come abont? God is the explanation; the cove nant, is the explanation; tbe eternal purpose which He purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord, that is tbe explanation of thy life, with all its blessedness in hand, and its infinite blessedness in prospect, through the ages that are to come. Oh for a holy memory! We need to use memory as the divers use the diving-bell. There is a vessel which has gone down beneath the sea, bat not in such depths that it cannot be reached, and tbe divers coma; they go down into tbe dark, sullen waters to that Tessel, and they explore tbe hold and fill the chains with whatever they can pile into them, and those overhead draw them np. Haro you ever been there? It is a strange experience to be on board a pontoon where divers are working. The direr comes witli all his peculiar dress; he steps on to the ladder, and away down be goes completely out of right, and I cannot express how your flesh begins to creep as thero comes np there from be neath—from the mysterious, from the hidden, from the unknown—up there comes from his hand, work ing away down there in the depths, treasures which were sunken,'hidden, in one sense lost, in the hold of'that sunken vessel. And you remember what the diver needs—that those op above should con tinually send down to him currents and streams of fresh air. Ah! let me nob recklessly ask you to remember. Do not go down into the diving-bell or memory unless you are in continual communication with tpe fresh " caller" air of God's grace and mercy; for there is danger down there—there are Blimp things away down there in the depths, bad, mephitic odours. It is quite safe, it is grand, it is is helpful if you go down carrying the upper world with yon—the love of God and the indwelling of the Holy Ghost Then remember even the darkest scenes through which you have passed. It will not bann you—ibwiil' "beef the heavenward flame." To " forget not all His benefits" is part of the exercise of heaven. That is why I call for it. This psalm has gottobesungoveryouderin very much the same substance by the Universal Israel—all the people of Qqd. And it is time, therefore, we got ourselves furnished with it down here. The spring is to be a living, purified memory. Eveu while I am speak ing are not some hearts saying, "Woli, but, preacher, shall I remember youder?" Oh, yes, the the olcht-oiy of grace will work that for us. In tbe eternal glory it will be safe and good for us, it will make the fire in our hearts roarlike the blast fur nace when We are stirred up with " the long pole of memory." " When we reach our quiet dwelling On the strong eternal hills, And our songH His praise are telling Who the whole creation fills— "When the paths of prayer and duty And repenting ail are trod, And we wake up in the beauty Of the Holy Lord our God; " It will never dim tbe brightness To look back on earth to heaven, It will never mar tbo whiteness To remember rius forgiven. " With life's glittering track behind us, And the glory stretching round, Still a tender link shall bind us To tbe hallowed pilgrim ground. And that liuk is memory. Therefore I call for uicmory. Go down, down beneath tbe surface; down into the depths of that Letliean stream, that forgetfulness, at the bottom of which arc lying whole sunken Argosies of grace. And now notice the six particulars: "He for giveth all thine iniquities. Ho healeth all thy diseases. Ho redeemeth tby life from destruction. He crown etii thee with loving kindness and tender mercies. He stilisfieth thy mouth with goad tilings. He reueweth tby youth like the oagle's." I .some times like to put it that there is something here foe every day next week. We will begin, it we are spared to-morrow. And here is the programme for Monday:— ' He forgivutb all thine iniquities." That will take yon the whole of Monday. It will? Oh, yes; the whole day Monday; Goa thinks it- will, "lie forgiveth all thine iniquities." Tuesday: "Be liealelh all thy diseases." That will take a full winter Tuesday; though some of you, perhaps, think you will run down in ten minutes, if you don't fait asleep. It wilt take a good day. It will not hinder your clerking, or any outward work; it will.rather help it on if you are busy the whole day long sing ing this psalm. "He healeth. all thy diseases." Wednesday: "He redeemeth thy life from destruc tion." A grand exercise for tbe middle of the week, half-way away from last Sabbath, and only liaM-way on to the Sabbath coming. " Never fear," it says, " He redeemeth tby life from destruction." Thursday: "He crowueth thee with loving kind ness." Try on your crown brother. Doesn't ic rib softly, and fit well your erewhile dishonoured head: Friday: "He satisfleth thy mouth with good things " You will understand that when it cornea tbe length of Friday. You will be able to look back through the week and say," I bave never wanted since Monday, and it opened pretty darkly. And now He luu done so much for roe, 1 think I may take it for granted for the rest of the week—" lie satisfleth tby month with good things." And then for Saturday: "Herencweth tby youth like the eagle's." Tbe ending day, tbe Saturday, with its weariness, is God's mending day; He reueweth thy soul with his unw earied strength. And then slump them altogether on the Sabbath, and say, "Bless the Lord, O roysoul, amlfoiget notall His benefits.? 11 will make a round, a holy glee.- one part- chasing the other, and never after overtaking it—no begin ning and no end, but delightfully round and round, ringing from day to day the mercy of the Lord out God. Verily, tbe children's byinn is right—'"1 feel like ringing all the time." " He forgiveth all thine iniquities." My friend, it isput in die present, tense, for it has presont sense. While I- was speaking of memory, perhaps, too much, I suggested the idea that God's blessings lay in the past. There is not one of these that belongs, to the past. Our text does not read, " Who foe guve all tliine iniquities." That would hardly ' cause reinlcing in the hearts gathered lime Ui-iiay; ior your (sins are fresh and recent upon you, and God's forgiveness I had need to he as fresh and recent as your sin.' Here, where we sit, and as we are gathered, tell me the date on which yon think it would be safe for God's mercies to be expressed to you in the past tense, as j being finished. I do not ever want this word here ; below to be but as itis; " Who forgivetli; who for giveth." I feel inclined to come to you tins morningas Moses came—only without Moses' sinful anger—and say, " Listen, ye rebels. Listen, listen to the present nearness of God's forgiving love to sinners such as ; we are." " Who forgiveth ail thine iniquities." All i of tliem. Not a few of the biggest of them, the roughest of them, the blackest of them, the dirtiest of them, but them all; and not tentatively and experimentally, to see how it will do; but in the largeness and ravishment of his boundless love and mercy forgiving them all. You cannot take a wife and many her for a week or two to see how she and you will suit. It is " for better, for worse;" no parting, bo God in His grace and mercy has taken you and me—not experimentally, to see how we will get on together. But knowing what we are, know ing t he drain and strain we snail be upon Him, He I lias run the risk, He has looked upon us in all our nin, and corruption, and rebellion, and by Himself He lias sworn; unto Himself he lias said it, " I love them, and I will never leave them, never forsake j tbeui. Freely will I forgive them all their offences. My forgiving love slialt first pardon, and finally extinguish their sin. This shall be My name and memorial to everlasting days: 'Who is a God like unto Thee; tliat pardonetli iniquity; that delighteth in mercy.'" Aye, He forgives thee all thine iniquities. Let us pause for a moment that the meaning of it may get into our dull and thank less hearts. " He bealeth all thy diseases" is the second thing. Justification is the one, if you like to put it theo logically; and sanctificatiun is the other. He has Jiardoned us, but He has done more than that; He las come to sanctify us, to make us new creatures obliterating every trace of sin; and that is coming steadily on with the dawn of every day. That is present also—the persevering, persistent energy by which God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost are making or is making—for He is but one God—out of the wreck He took in band when He took as in hand, a holy perfect, sinless, human j soul. But still, it has a natural, physical sense; and I ask some ef you to remember the sicknesses God has taken you from. I ask you to remember tliejiaging fevers that cut off others, but did not cut oft you; I ask you to remember the galloping consumptions that went off into the grave with others, and you were spared; I ask you to remember how to your children trouble came, aud your children still survive. 1 put it naturally, temporally, physically. Of course, it has a higher and a farther reaching sense; hut alas 1 as we for get our doctor, so we forget tlie Great Physician. We put our fee into his hand and bid htm good- bv, thankful we will see him no more. It will never do everyday; for it will be a dark dayfor yon and me when the heavenly Physician does not call. And you may so treat him that He won't.' You may so treat him that He will leave you for a while, and then when old sins and lusts come back, aud old fires and fevers burn in heart and flesh, then you will he brought to your senses. May it not be so. We are in a bettering way, and t hat is a great deal. We are in the convalescent ward of the infirmary. And oh, how well we lookl How well we are looked after! " He healetb all thy diseases. "See the white bed He lias made for you; see the nurses attending you; taste the medicines that He gives you; see tn« everlasting arms that turn you in your sickness. Were you ever very sick? Let me speak to some of the strong and re bust among you; and let me remind others to re member that, when sick and helpless, one of the greatest blessings is thatastrong person should turn you, and make your bed for you. Here is God, the Great Physician, Jehovah-lloplii, the Lord that liealetli tbee. Again I ask you, remember how He has laid you; Bee how beautifully he suggests to you tliat your case is inside the reach of His skill and care. I do believe He will cure me. citretch yourself this morning like a man coming out of a delirium or wasting sickness. Stretch yourself, open your poor eyes, see the brilliant light coming in. andsay to yourself—"lam going to live. Bless Gcd, 1 am going to live. My spring is coming. I was meant for death. I was meant for destruction. An awful venemous poison possessed me. I thought I was gone. I went into madness and delirium; but what is this tliat has happened?" A friend wrote to me the other day:—"After I left you," he said, " the other evening down in the Strand, the first thing I knew was that I was lying in Charing Cross Hospital.!' And the devil came to you and me one ■lay. He leaped upon us, ho rent us, and left us for dead—and he made a big mistake. The first thing we knew was, we came to in the heavenly hospitaL lying clean and white, and washed and dressed, and all bandaged and splinted, and angelBand ministers of grace and nurses all round about us; and I do believe we are going to get better. I believe we shall yet be as well as ever—we shall be better than ever we were. I believe we shall get out of this convalescent ward, get rid of the splints and bandages, lay aside our crutches, and make a pile -of them to the honour and glory of Jehovah HophL f believe we shall step out into the streets of the New Jerusalem, and the angels shall gather round us—I had almost said with envy—and say "Who are ye? Tell us your tale." And we tell them our tale as the soldier bares his arms and shows tlio scars and is not ashamed; indeed, his eye lightens and lie fights his battles over again as lie shows his wounds, now glorifying scars. So we, when God has healed us, the angels will gather round us, and tilings nbout us that would be marks, that would be scars to the glory and praise of God's grace, there will he a glittering glory about them. We shall point to them and say "Angel, that was a lust." They will say "A what V" "That was a lust—that was a foul cancer, a corrupted affection—and grace has made it glo rious);" which things the angels will desire to look into, and won't we let tliem? He heals my diseases—He makes me better than ever I was; praise be to His holy name! There will be some thing left; but just as a scar is to a wound, so will be these things in tho perfect health of the days that are to come. Oh that even now our health might -spring forth speedily; meantime "let us hope continually and praise Him more and more." " It is the very thing the doctor ordered," as they used to say in our part long ago. But my time is gone. You will need to do as I told you, and take up these notes to-morrow and all through the week. I will not.keep you longer, as I have a.somewliat heavy day before me. 