A STRANGE STORY. CHAPTER 1. ; THE PERFUME OP VIOLETS. Snow everywhere. Out over the low lands a pure whito mantle, covering the hills, save where the wind had whirled into wreaths, leaving dark brows patches, clothing with myriads of sparkling crystals lltAn.WnpL' ftf VilnAts ?nfnslnmnn KmtnUa Nevertheless, the scene was by no means a dreary one, for the sky was blue, the sun, if not warm, still golden, while the healthful north wind brought brighter roses to the cheeks than summor itself could have done. Don't you think that winter's Flsiuanter than all ? The words were hummed in a soft, musi cal whisper, but they carao from Florence Maythropo's very heart as. she skimmed, light and gracefnl as a swallow, over the ice-bonnd lake down by the plantation in her grandfather's — Squire Ms.ythrope'a— grounds. She was not the only skater. There were Borne dozen other young people of both sexes, who, the last touches having been given to the church decorations, had de voted the two hourB before twilight to Bkating; for Tommy Thornbury— having particular reasons for the assertion, not a. all founded on weather knowledge, but rather on the bright eyes of Effie Wynn lmd declared that it would be sure to thaw before morning. Ho and the said EfSc, the rector's daugh ter, had been performing wonderful evolu tions on the iee, when the girl came gliding across to Florcnco, too occupied by her own happy thoughts to care for company. "Isn't this a glorious Christmas eve, Flo ? " she remarked. " Old Susan Briggs says there hasn't been such a one for ten years. It's all in honor of you and'Captain Durroll." "I'm glad the clerk of the weather is'so kindly disposed to us," laughed'. Florio, the delicate color on her' cheeks heightening— a brighter light in her eyes. "It's no wonder ! You are, 'I think, the most fortunate girl out, dear. First, you are the squire'B heiress, with not a! soul to share the honor ; then you fail in lovo with the right person, everybody gives consent, and all goes as merrily as a marriage bell." . "I confess, Efiie, I ought to be grateful for so much happiness, and I think — I hope lam." , There was a genuine seriousness in the voice— a shade in the brown eyes that proved it. "Captain Darrell arrived thin evening?" " Yes, by the 4.30 train." "Then it's nearly due; so you will be getting back to the hall to receive him like a devoted fiancee. You'll cousiderme an enemy if I detain you. Good-bye, Flo. A merry Christmas and a happy New Year, though, as that's certain, the wish is much like sending coals to Newcastle." "Is anything certain in this world?" laughed Florie, uttering words, as wo ore apt to do, without considering them in her heart. Then, with a merry nod, the friends parted, nover again to meet ? After that Florie Maythrope did not re main long on the ice. Her pulses had been throbbing u little impatiently for Effie to be gone, she having caught the whistle of the incoming train, which she hoped brought Captain Darrell, as it rushed round the bend of the hill. She skated to a distant part of the lake among tho leafless willows, un buckled her skates, and carrying them in her band, passed swiftly and unperccived into the plantation, a path tlirough which led to a small private gate giving on to the road. What is Bweeter than the sweet impa tience of love ? Florie was impatient to make suro that Captain Darrell had arrived, and from tho cate she know she could see the station, not a milo distant, aDd tho car riage that was to bring her lover to tho hall just before it would disappear round tbe base of the hill. This had been Captain Darrell'a last voy age. She was no longer to lie awnke of stormv uigl-ts trembling for him— no longer — — ... j to shudder with drear heart-sickness when she heard- of foundered vessels,, wrocks, and : ships mysteriously ;lost nt sea. Edtly id the new year they wore' to be married, then — never — never again to part ; xyhile wljat a merry Christmas the. Squire, who adorod her, his only son's child, as though she had been his own, intended this to be. Boxing day was to bo a fete indeed. " How delightful if this weather con tinues 1" ' reflected Florie, bb, opening the gate, she stepped into tho road. " Oh ! kind Luna," addressing the moon just rising, "if you have any influence, us sorao people be lieve, witli the clerk of the weather, do speak a word for mo !" Then she bent her eyes on the station, for the thud of the train was close at hand. Through the twilight she could Bee it with its two feeble little oil-lamps and tho carriage waiting on the stretch of road in front. Now there was a whistle — a rush— a stillness— then a rnsh again. The train had come and once more Btartcd ; yet the car riage remained stationary. No, it moved — only to a little inn, though; then the station lamps wore put out. No train now until 9.30. Had not Captain Darrell come? Sick with disappointment, Florie leaned against the gate. What could it mean ? : He had promised so surely to come. He had never broken his word to her yet. Florie couldn't quite make up her mind to return to the hull yet, but leaned against tho gate, her eyes on the carriage; the coachman of which she saw was drinking \vith the land lord outside the inn,. : . " When will not those men ' drink ?". she thought impatiently. " Why doesn't he .re turn and tell us Robert hasn't come ?" : Abruptly she turned her head. There was tho sound of a quick, light step coming up the road, accompanied by a clear voice singing with much vigor, though not quite in tune : Three times round went our gallant ship, And three times round went she. Tlie singer was a young man of about 2S, with a tall, square-shouldered figure, a handsomo bronzed face, blue eyes and thick waving fair hair. "It is lie ! He haB como ! I thought he would not break his promise on this day !" mentally ejaculated Florie, the roses ouce more in her cheek, and resting against the gate now from a revnlsion-of feeling. " How handsome !— how happy he looks !" Should she wait for him, or escape into the planta tion ? What excuse could she give for being there? Could she set to the hall before him ? Those who hesitate are lost, they say. Fiorie's mind was but half made up. Her hand was only on the latch, when the oppor tunity tor flight was gone. Her own namo arrested her. "Flo— my dear Flo !" Captain Darrell had seen her. Not a minute after he was by her side, his arms around her, and — the road was almost a privute one, while it was dark it must be remembered— ho was stealing a kiss from the lips of his beloved. " This is kind ! This is like your own dear self ; and no better is there in the world !" he exclaimed, and she saw tbe love shine in his eyes, despite tho falling dark ness. "Of course you came to meet, me? You knew how impatient I should be to see you ?" he added, gazing down at hor. " I fancy I was imputiout, too,-- Robert," she laughed, all thought of excuse gone out, of her head; "but I fancied you' wonid come in the carriage." "What, Flo ! just for a distance that nowadays is hardly more than a quarter deck walk ?" he responded, gayly. " Not I ; I gave Jackson something to drink merry Christmas, and used my legs in lieu of the horse's, intending to make a short cut by this path," for they had entered the planta tion. "I did not expect to see you, though, darling, but everything seems to bavo gone well this year. As to the next, I've no doubt that Sir Morton, the pater, has sent no end of pretty speeches ; but his presents he'll allow none to give but himself. He comes three days before our wedding." ' They were standing in the path, with the shadows of the winter evening around them, when the girl gave a sudden start, and looked quickly around. . . " What is it, Flo?" he asked. " Anybody eavesdropping?" . "No, it is nothing; that is but fancy," she responded, merrily. "The air to me appeared full of tho pcrfumo of violets." " Voilots at this soason?" he smiled. "No; I am aware that could not be," she remarked, her tones hesitating and strange. "But— but don't laugh at me, Robert.. I have smelt them like that twice before out of season, and each time some trouble lias always followed— the first time papa died." ",Why, Flo," and his arms stole around her waist, "what thoughts for Christmas Eve ! and, too, for my return I Darling, isn't it ungrateful' to talk of trouble amidst such happiness as ours? There, I'll not hoar it ; aud this for a penalty." . He bent his head to steal the kiss, when through the wintry stillness rang out the first dinner bell, and Florence broke away. ''It cannot now be paid," she Bmiled. "Fray go on, Robert, or you will not see grandpapa before dinner." " Go on !— and you ?" . "Oh! I. couldn't put in an appearance with you," she rejoined. " What would Mrs. Dobson, the housekeeper, say ? Most unladylike behavior!' No; please go on, Robert, for really I have a message to leave at the lodge. But let us see who will bo first in tho drawing-room," and before he couid stay her she lmd darted away among the trees, the twilight closing around hor patn. 3 Tho message was not a sudden creation of Florcnco Maythorpe's brain, but truth ; and for aomo few minutes she Btood chatting to the pleasant wife of tho lodge-keeper in the bright, cosy little parlor, with the rosy chil dren clustering about her skirts. Then she passed up tho avenue to tho hill quickly, for she know . Captain Darrell would take the hint about tho drawing- room. Hardly, however, had she gone many paces when she became - aware of two figures before her proceeding in the same direction. Both were women, and both shabbily attired. The elder, who must imvo been over 70, was almost of gipsy as pect, with tawny, wrinkled skin, and bright, dark eyoB, and walked with a slight stoop. The othor was not more than Fiorie's own ago ; she walked erect, oven with a sort of quiet dignity, while from be neath her shabby shawl gleamed rich tresses of golden hair. " Who could they bo ? And how," thought the girl, "had they managed to pass tho lodge ?" That last question was easily answered. They must have done so whiio she was talk ing inside. Perhaps they wero geared singers. She determined to accost them. At that same moment, hearing her1 step, they turned, and Florie was struck by the loveliness, the refinement and delicacy of tne girl's face. As the old woman dropped a humble courtesy she stepped back, hor large, handsome oyes fixed on Florence with a proud, but — as it Seemed— a pitying sad ness. "May I ask what you want?" said Flo, kindly. " Aro you going to tho hall." "Yes, miss," rejoined tho old woman, again courtesying, " it's tho squire I want to see particular, " " I fear you will find him engaged at this hour. Shall I not do as well?" . ' "No; miss, thank you; no oiie but the squire, and I fancy he'll see mb miss. At least, I must see him!" ' There was a tono of qniet. resolve in tho -woman's voice that was not without effect- Flo wondered, butsaid : r ' "I don't know; yon must take your chance. Still, if yon come with mo, I'll let the eqnirc know. VYhom shall I say -wants, to sec him?" "Janet Smithson, miss.oplease."- Flo led them up the broad stops into the spacious hall, where a huge fire sent red, rich lights on the ChristmaB decorations, and disturbing a fine deer hound to make 'a place for them on the rug bade them warm themselves while she was away. Looking back as she left tbe hall she saw the old "woman crouching down, her withered hands spread to the blaze; while the girl stood erect, her oyes, still with that proud, sad expression, bent on tho fire. It was a strange picture in that place. Where had the squire got to? Nowhoro conld Flo find him. Growing impatient, remembering Robert Darrell was hastening his dressing, ahe returned to the hall to in form the two, who were no doubt there for charity, that they must wait. Entering, however, she found the . deer hound onco more the sole occupant of the rug— the two women were gone. "Not run away, snrely .1" sho thought. " Perhaps one of the servants lias put them, in the ante-roomm, I'll see." Crossing tho oak floor, she opened a door, then stopped abruptly, arrested by the Bound of the squiro's voice. It was full of pain and indignation, while the words he uttered were : " Woman, do you know I am a magis trate, and there is a gaol for impostors ? What mad story is this you wonid have me believe ?" Over the timer 'side of, the doer fell a' curtain. Putting out her hand Flo pulled it. slightly, aside and looked beyond. The squire stood by the' fable erect, yet leaning oh it as though for support; his 'aged face .displayed ra'gc and suffering. Fronting him was Janet Smithson, resolute, determined ; a little back, the girl, silent, motionless, but her beautiful head bowed on her breast. "It is no mad story, squire ; it is truth ; and I don't come here without proofs," said tho old woman, firmly. " Dojyou recollect Susan Welling, tho wet- nurse your son engnged for his little baby daughter? Well, sho had a brother — my son Jem— who your son had convicted of poaching and manslaughter, though he was as innocunt as the babe unborn," " Ho was guilty, woman. He was more — an ntterly worthless fellow, safest, best in prison. I remember now — my boy was too lenient to him !".exclaimed the squire. " Yes," laughed the old woman bitterly, " and pitied the sister in her widowhood, so took her as a nurse to his own motherless child. He thought Susan all sweetness and humility ; but she entered your son's house, squire, with the resolve to avenge Jim. I have it hero '' — her hand on her bosom— "in her own writing, and she succeeded." " Woman, it is false 1 You cannot — dare not — say that this— this girl with you — " cried the squire. "Is your son's child, and your grand daughter, while tho girl who has been called so, Squire Maythorpe, is mine — my Susan's offspring. She changed the children." With a cry tho squire dropped into his seat ; but Florence neither heard nor saw. With dilated, horrified eyes, a stunned, dazed feeling, she had fled — fled, white as a ghost, through the Christmas-decorated hall, up the oak-stairs, along the corridor to her own room, whero she fell, too horrified to lose consciousness, upon tho floor. She not the squire's grandchild, but that old woman's — ahe the niece to a poacher — a convict 1 "Oil, it cannot be— it cannot be 1" she wailed piteously forth. "Oh, Robert, Robert— my dear, my darling — you could bo nothing to me then 1" She stopped, listening. It was his step. He was going down to tho drawing- room. He was singing in his great happiiieBS. Oh 1 it was too terrible 1 She could not bear it ! And Florie dropped down.again,- weeping as though her heart would- break. -. CHAPTER II. FI.ORIES FLIGHT. It was not to bo believed 1 The Bquire could not believe, then how could Florie ? Still, Janet Smithson had her proofs, which there was no gainsaying. A letter, or rather confession, of Susan Welling on her death bed, written in her uncertain hand — made more uncertain by the chill of death — and signed by her ; this could not be refuted while there was tho beautiful,' delicate girl to prove it. That was a wretched Christmas Eve to all at- tho hall thatevening. The second dinner- bell rang, but no one responded. The grey headed bn tier was porplexed; while Captain Darrell, who had dressed in a miraculously short space, paced' the drawing-room, wondering what could keep Flo — his darling, his betrothed. The squire, leaving Janet and the girl, ordering them refreshment, and bidding them at present breathe their secret to none else, had, in great 9orrow and perturbation of mind, gone to his study and sent for Florence. How was ho to tell her? How oould he ? The messago brought back sur prised him. Miss Maythorpe was in her dressing- room — sho was not very well. Would he come to her? Not well I All tho day he had never seen her look better. Neverthe less, he complied with -her wish. He oould not have thwarted her that time. "Come in;" how faintly tho words sounded — in a voice ho would hardly have recognised as hers — while on entering it was almost as difficult for him to rccoguise his bright, merry, winsome pet -in the pale- faced, tearful-eyed, sad-looking- girl who was advancing towurds him. "Florence!" he gasped, in concern. "What is it, my darling? You are ill indeed." "Grandpapa,' oh, grandpapa," sho cried, throwing herself upon his neck with a burst of grief, " tell me it isn't true — that it's a mistake— that it's false— all a cruel decep tion I" "What is not true, my pet? What a mistake ? "That which that woman, Janet Smith- son, declared," answered Florie. " That— l/UUls— UiJ| lb la b'JU LUlllUlU, IUU IIJIJLUUUUV1C"> I am not your grandchild, but hers!" As she ended she lifted her head, and with eager oyes guzed into tho squire's face. The old man could not meot her glance. "Oh, Florie, Florio, my darling," he murmured piteously, with bowed lieail. " Then it is true— oil, it iB true 1" bIio cried, " I am Susan Welling'a child." "Sho says so — sho says so I" exclaimed the squire, quickly ; " hut to say is easy, Flo. She must prove it, dear." "And, grandpa — let me call you that until ahu does." " Florence, you shall always call me so." "Do you think she can prove it?" in- quired Flo, suddenly growing calm, " My darling, it is difficult to say," was the evasive response, " The story Bho tells is a probable one. Susan Welling," added the squire, indignantly, " was a vile, ungrate ful — " " Husli, grandpa 1" interposed Florence, gently. "You may be speaking of my mother. Tell me, havo you not already had proofs of Janet Smithson's statement ? Had she not them to give? Oil, hide nothiDg from mo now; it would not ho kind." He knew that she was right and told her. Flo listened in silence. Only a spasmodic quiver of the small lips Bhoived her suffer ing. "Grandpa," sho said in a low tono when lie had finished, " this story is true. No woman, howover wicked, would writo down a falsehood on hor death-bed. She had her revenge in life ; as death approached she repented. Rcvcngq is BeJllsh ; my— mother," with an effort, "never thought of me." Her voice failed ; alio bowed her face on her hands. The squire sat helpless— over whelmed. Then Flo looked up, but with her IaslicB drooped, and said, in an unsteady voice : "Captain Darrell is in the drawing-room, please go to him. - Please tell him every thing ; let him ktiow all." \- "Why ot present, Flo?" he . hesitated. " TIiTb Btbry moy bo'false." " No,' grandpa ; ' you ' klibw it ' is not. Robert has a right' to be informed," Badly. "I am- sure it will bb as bitter for hitp as for me ; because— because there . can bo nothing between.nstwo now; of course." '"Nothing botween you two?" cried the squiro indignantly. ''He loves you for yourself, Flo, darling, ' as ' I do. I know Robert. Even this he will not let come be tween you and him;" "It is not he, graudpapa," she said, with a' wan smile, " but me. I am Janet Smith- son's grandchild. Do ynu'thiak Sir Morton would givo his consent for such a anion for his sop? - Do vrtu think I would -bring such disgrace on Robert; that I would let him wea- tbe niece of a convicted poacher? No, I love him too Woll.' "Oh, Florio 1 Florio 1 my poor, brave girl !" sobbed the squire. "Let US' all be bravo; ask Robert to bo >eo, dear," sho remarked, "then wo shall 'bear this trial better. . Go to Robert ; lie must think it strange left so long alone." Gently sho. urged him to the door, and when she had closed it' upon him Bho tottered bock to the couch and dropped upon it weeping. 'She had road, more by tbe squire's manner than Mb words, that Janet .Smithson had proved hor statement. It was bitter tho thought of giving up her position— of leaving the dear old hail — her homo from childhood ; but it was- tho bitterest (he giv ing tin Robert ; yet she know it inust be. " No wonder I smelt the violets this even ing," ahe sobbed. " What trouble could it portend worse than this?"- Meanwhile the squire had carried tho sad news which on the — this fostiye season of all times— h-.d descended upon tho hall, to Captain Darrell. It isullj ,trjia'; it can't bo I" ejaculated the young -sailor, . indignantly;' - " I will' never believe it. My Florie, so pretty, so graceful, the child of sucii patents ? Impos sible. It's nil a trumped up tale. Put the miserable old woman in the stocks. Threaten her with the gaol, squire, and you see she'll confess it,". " My.dear boy, it's no good to regard it in thaylight," said the squire, "the woman has proofs , ones I fear we cannot — though wo may try to — gainsay. Jim Smithson was a bad fellow ; why should his sister be belter ?" " Your son thought her so, squire, or he would never have taken her as a nurse to Florie," remarked the young sailor. "Yes, and in his kindness of heart took pity on her in her widowhood." " But look here, squire, this Susan Wel ling died over six months ago. Why hasn't this wretched old hug come to you sooner witli her tale ?" exclaimed Captaiu Darrell, halting in his pacing the room, " Let her explain that." " She does, Robert. Her heart has clung as firmly to her supposed grandchild as ours to Florie. It ha9 been difficult for her to give hor up, and she looks a gentle, hand some girl, but her oath was given to her daughter. Besides, she heard of your and n lorie s approaenmg marriage, and telt she must speak before then." "Why?" demanded tho young sailor, almost fiercely. "Tho reason is evident, Robert: our poor Fiorie being of such low parentage — " " Do you think for a moment, squire, that will make any difference with me?" cried Captain Darrell, his handsome, honest face flushing with indignation. - "I love my darling for herself, not for her parentage." " I am sure of that, Robert, but there is Sir Morton to be considered." "My father will hear reason." "Theu there is Florie, herself. Robert, ahe will never bring disgrace upon you." " Do you mean — do you intend — " ejacu lated Captain Darrell, his cheek losing color, " that Florie " " Yes, I see you understand, my dear boy. She says all must bo ended between you if Janet Smithson's story be true." " By heaven, no," said the sailor, volio- mently, "Florie, too, shall hear reason. Tell her, squire— but no, I'll tell her myself. If she loves me, she can't do. this. She, -my_durling,_w(iulcL.nc.ver break' my heart — and — and — this way she would." His voice iailed. He quickly averted hie face Co conceal his emotion, but by tho quiver of his frame the squire saw how poignant Was his suffering, "My poor, dear boy, bear it bravely," said the old man, placing his hand kindly on tho sailor's shoulder. "That is Fiorie's request." " When may I see her ?" asked the cap tain, huskily. " Not to-pight. I do not think - she will leave her room. But to-morrow — to-mor row," and the Squire sighed as he looked ot the festal decorations Florie had helped to arrange with so light and huppy a heart. " What a Christmas for all of us." , And who l the bells clashed out at mid night, proclaiming the holy day, no three sadder hearts listened to tbem than those in Graybcech Hall. That week, what .had been intendod to be bo gay, was devoted to testing Janet Smith- son's proofs, which wero unfortunately sus tained. The squiro, even Captain Darrell, was convinced Florie had indeed played the part of an usurper, unjustly holding Mar garet Maythropo's place. " It shall make -no difference," said the squire. "The hall shall bo your home." "No," answered the girl, with a quiet resolve, " it would not do. I could not bear it. Besides, were I to remain you would never give that afl'ection to your real grand daughter which is iier right, Margaret has been the most cruelly wronged. Remember she is you bou's daughter, not I. Indeed— indeed, I must go." " Indeed, you shall not," rejoined the old squire, resolutely. Fiorie's severest trial was parting with Captain Darrell. No reasoning nor argu ments she couid uso were able to move him. " Florie," ho rejoined, and never had affection looked moro strongly out of his eyes, "it was you . I loved, not your posi tion. Do you imagino your being cliis woman's grandchild makes any difference in your sweetness — in those charms that won my heart? No, I love you now, darling, us well— nay, better, for pity is blended with it. Of all women I have loved you alone ; and, hear me, Florie, never will I call other than you wife." "And your fpthor, Robert? You know he has withdrawn his consent," ehe said, mournfully. "Yes," rejoined the captain, gloomily. "Of course lie does not look on matters as I do. But my love, my darling, shall over come his opposition ; for though you refuse mo now I'll wait years, until my devotion shall win you. But, Florio ; you'll not refuse mc ; you will not be the cause of such misery ? I could not bear it, dear, I could not." The sight of his face, so precious to her— convulsed by sorrow— his eyes so full of ardent supplication — severely tested her resolve. Sho dreaded her own strength, " Robert, dear Robert," sho murmured, "let us both be patient. Let us trust to time. I promise this — never will I wed other than you." In his wretchedness this seemed a great concession to the young sailor. He caught tier to his breast in a passion of gratitude, and Florie rested there, unable to deny her self this one little joy in her grief, for she knew it was the last time— that this Was thoir parting for ever. Then she drew herself away, gave ono fond, liugcring gaze at the handsome face sho was, she told herself, never to see again, murmured some words, she hardly knew what, and leaving him hastoncd to the house, for they had keen talking in tho grounds, Tho next morning Fiorie's room was found vacant. She hud fled away in secret, leaving no clue to hor future dwelling. "I thought it bost, kindest," sho wrote in the letters sho -left for the squiro and Captain Darrell. " When timo, the gentle healer, has accustomed us to the inevitable wo may meet again. If I be in need or ill bo sure I will let you know." . "She is braver than us all," remarked the Squire, brushing tlie tears - from his eyes. " Youth can bear separation hotter than age." He little knew tho poignant agony poor Florio had suffered, as, stealing away across tho snow, through tho chill, grey, unsyni- pathotic, wintry morning, she looked back at tho dear old hall she was leaving, to bo | her homo no more. All, sweet Christmas bolls, when you ring so jubilantly forth would there were no sad hearts among your listeners I CHAPTER III. THE CONFESSION'. " I certainly may consider myself fortu nate." Tho speaker was Florio, who sat at a small table drawn near tho window, which commanded an exquisite view of tho vales and woods, changing iuto the vivid autumnal tints of reds, browns and yclloiva benoath the breath of September. Two years almost have elapsed sinoo her flight from the hall, and tnough her ex pression is that of calm content, the girl's cheek has lost it3 freshness, her eyes their merry, light-hearted sparkle. During those two year.s she has, by means that defied her letters being traced, written to tho squire even cheerful epistles, bidding him not worry about her, u3 she wus liappicr than she could have hoped. It was true, for tho calm, peaceful exist ence with a Mrs. Graham, whoso engage ment as companion she had obtained, had suited her well. Mrs. Graham had been an amiable, gentle honored old lady, who in- tuitively divining her young companion had a sorrow, had respected and in silence sym pathised with it. One morning, however, it wa9 found that Mrs. Graham had passed quietly iu her sleep to the better land, and Florio wus out of an engagement. A week after, though, she had seen an advertise ment in the Times, whero a companion wns wanted for a young lady iu delicate health, whose education ha I beun neglected. Florie had written, and on this bright September morning the answer had come, while she sat at breakfast, accepting her services and stating that they would prepare for. Miss Thornc's immediato arrival. Thome was tho name Florie had taken — she had dis carded Welling — first, because sho wns nshiiuv-d of it ; secondly, that Captain Dir- rell might bo less able to trace her. Rend ing tile iottcr Florie had commented on Iter good fortune in not being a fortnight nut of an engagement. Then, consulting " Brad- shaw," packed up hor trunks and started for Sourii View Villa, Torquay, wheru Mrs. Russell, with whom the young lady was staying, resided. Fiorie, oh arriving, found it a charmingly pretty villa, surrounded by a well-tended garden, and with a wealth of flowering parasites trained about tlie French and lat- tico-windowa that commanded a view of the bay, glittering under tlie red- gold rays of the setting sun. M.s. Russell was a motherly, ladylike woman of GO, who received Florie "very kindly, and spoke with lowered voice of her young charge. " She is very delicato, Mis3 Thome— nay, she is ill ; far worse, I feur, than her friends think. I will introduce von. " ' She led tho way into tbe drawing-room, whero tho girl, attired in a light muslin wrapper, lay on the couch by the window. Florie advanced, then stepped quickly back, as she exclaimed : . " Margaret I" " Florence !" and the girl, in surprise, rose on hor elbow. For a moment there was silence. Fiorie's pulses were beating fast. Thero was a ring ing in her ears ; theu, with another back ward step, she said, huskily : "1 never expected this— I 'never heard .your name. It was never mentioned, or I would— I would have spared this pain to both." " No pain to me, Miss— Miss Thornc," ejaculated the sick girl, cagcilj. "Oil ! I am so glad to sec you 1 I havo thought of you so much. I have wept for you. Oh 1 you.are not going," piteously, as Florio yet moved away. " You will not leave me?" " How can I remain?" murmured Florie. "You must understand — it is impossible." " You aro offended with ine," remarked tio i girl, humbly s " yvt.it was not, my fault, "Miss "Thome. Hiid it'beeiiTu my power it should uover have occurred. Riches Imvo not brought rnc happiness. I am very, very ill. Take pity on me. Yes ; I seemed to have wronged ybu. Chance has brought us together— do not go. If you remain it will bo as if you forgive me, and I need every body's forgiveness. Will you not be my friend?" with a sadness that went to Fiorie's heart ; ' I imvo so few." " Pray do not thwart her," whispered Mrs. Russell. "Do you not see she is dying?" Florie started, and glancing at the hand some, thin, delicato countenance, saw it might bo true. Riches hud not brought her happiness,, All her sympathy was aroused. Approaching she took tho slender, wasted hand in her own, and said : "Chance has strangely brought us to gether, and if you wish it, Margaret, I will remain — that is',' if you promise not to make my being here known to the squire, nor— to anyone." " I promise— I promise gladly," exclaimed the girl. " How good you are. They all said you were at Graybcech, and I believed it. I have so longed to know you — oh, so much — and now I shall." Putting lier arms around Fiorie's neck, sho drew her down and kissed lier soft warm cheek. So Florie Thome, as sho designated her self, became companion and nurse to her who hud taken her place. At first there was a feeling of repugnance at tho idea, but it wore speedily away as she saw more of Margaret and knew her better. The sweet gentleness of tho girl's disposi tion won her as it lmd all who liud come in contact with her, while Florie felt this more as sho remarked tho real joy her presence gave, the dying girl. Often as sho sat by her in tho falling twilight, gazing out at the bay, she would forget her own suffering in indignation 'against Susan Welling for the harm she had done Margaret, who no doubt had contracted the chest disease of which sho was dying in the wretched life and dis comfort and privation. she had in childhood led. So tho week stole by, and Fiorie proved tho tendercst, the gentlest of nurses. Once the squire cume down ; but he hud given notico of his coining. Thus Florio lmd timo to uliHnnfc hurstilf. and Mm. RiisbgH and Margaret kept her secret, It was not tho squire she dreaded to see, but she had heard from her friend how Captain Darrell was still seeking her. It had been hoped after three months Margaret might return to the hall ; but tho doctors forbade her removal, and she her self did not wish it, as theu Bhe would lmvc lost Florie. One evening, as Florence was returning from the beach, a gentleman, coming from an opposite direction, reached her as she had just passed through tho gate. " 1 beg your pardon," he said, " but does not Mrs. Russell reside here V" Florie turned with alow, involuntary cry. The next moment strong, fond arms were around her ; the words uttered by tho dear, familiar voice sounded in her ear: "My darling, imvo I found you at last— my own brave Flo?" For a space she abandoned herself to that ardent embrace — her brain dazed ; then sho strove to free herself. " Robert, lot me go, I pray you to !" she entreated. " Never aga;n, Florence! As the miser his gold, I'll never let you out of my sight," ho answered. " Do you live hero?" Before Bhe couid answer Mrs. Russell's voice called ooftly : "Is that you, Mis3 Thome? I am glad you Imvo returned. Our poor Margaret, I fear, its worso to-night." " Ah ! " whispered Captain Darrell, with shining eyes, "I guess the truth. You are Margaret's companion." " Yes," she answered, too wonder con fused to Bay more, and hastened to the koUBC. f Tho captain followed; but in the sick room—for such, indeed, the drawing-room was — words of love died ou his lip; and ho kept his joy at finding Flo in his hoart. "Ah \s Florie," whispered Margaret, when a littib better— sho heard how they had un- expeoiodly met— " it is tho hand of fate. Surely-you will- wed him now ?" "No!" rejoined Florio, quiotly bnt firmly. "Yon do not understand, dear Margaret. - I could bring but disgraco to liiin in the world's oyes. His father would be at enmity with his son. It can nover be." _ As firm was she when, nt his earnest re quest, she walked nlono with Captain Dar rell on the moonlight beach by the murmur ing sea." "Florio, will you drive mo mad?" he cried, in his sorrow. "Have you no com passion? T nover before believed you selfish ; yet you give no thought to mc." "Ah! Robert, lam not that. It is bo- cause I do think of you — that I would not bring ruin on you 1 " "And, Florie, a littlo pride, too." " I own it. 1 cannot enter a family where I should be regarded as u disgrace," sho re marked. as she moved to leave the beach. " Florence," ho said earnestly, as ho fol lowed, " my darling, 1 will win you yet." Had Florie contemplated flight again she would not have had the heart to leave Mar garet, who so clung to her — more nnd more as the end appronehed, and it was very near, indeed, now. December had arrived, when the girl grow restless and expressed a long ing to get back to the ball ; but only if Florence accompanied her. Florie could not refuse ; so ono bright, clear day, when the bay wus flashing almost us if under a summer sun, the little party started for iiomo under Captain Darrell'a escort. Fiorie's feelings on returning to the dear old hull, aud being once more in the squire's embrace, Were beyond description. She had to hasten to lier room — her own old one — where she found relief in a hearty cry. Though it was, Bho told herself, but > transient coming back, it made her very happy. Cnristmas came, and to please Margaret, who was sinking fast— fast— the hall was decorated as on that time of her arrival while on Christmas Eve hercouch was moved by the blazing log fire in tho hall, that sho might see and sptak to the carol-singcrs when they came. They wero all gathered abont her, when one of the heavy leaves of tho grout door, which was not fastened, wub pushed wide, and an old, bent woman, snow flecking hor shabby attire, staggered feebly in and peered wildly around her ; then, with a ery that rose nnd died away among the oaken rafters, sho rushed forward aud fell by Margaret's couch— one withered arm thrown ubout lier. "My child ! my darling !" she cried ; " could I not save you 1 Oh 1 must you fade away and leave mc, after all I have done 1" " Woman !" said tho Bquiro, sternly, noting tho change ou Margaret's face ; " this is no place for you 1 You havo done barm enough. Go !" " What !" cried Janet Smithson. wildly, ns he put ilia hand on her shoulder, " would you separate mo from my child — my dying child?" xuu ure uugtuKcij, wnispercu r lone, gently, to her. " Come with me, mother." "Mother! Yron aro no child of mine!" ejaculated tlio old woman, fiercely. " It was all false that I said 1 I have sinned, but it was to save her— my darling 1 Tho doctors told me alio could not live without ccnifoits and luxuries I could not give ; and I brooded, and brooded, until Susan died ; and the idea came to mo to writo that letter and say it was hor confession. But this is my Susan's child— no other. Do. with me what you plcnso. I am old, but can bear it. Only you shall not tako her — my darling — from mo !" She flung herself on the sick girl, kissing her dress, her hands. Captain Darrell stepped quickly forward, and bent over the two. " Hush 1" ho said, gravely, as he rose. "She has gone from us all !" At that moment tiio sweet voices of the carol children arose outside, and the ball was filled with music. # The bell rang with hearty goodwill by tho ringers, for alroady the neivs from the hall has reached tho village, and tho known handsome largess will como from tho squire. The bellB send their clear, vibrant notes over the snow, heralding in Christmas. On tbo tor- race Florie stands listening to them, muffled iu a fur cloak, that Captain Darrell finds it necessary to hold around her, for he says the night is very chilly. " My happiness has come so suddenly," ho whispers, "that I could almost deem it un real, my Flo !" "It is greater, Robert dear, and tho purer," she rejoins, "for tho trial through which we both have passed." " That's true j and, love," he smiles, " wo must have no moro odors of violets out of season 1" "Oh, no — pray heaven, no!" sho ex claimed, fervently, ncailing closer to him. And tho prayer floated upward with the Christmas bells to tho Btars— and was grau ted. 