PUSEYISM, OR THE OXFORD TRACTARIAN SCHOOL. Lord Macauley.) Continued,') ) : V 3\. Another signal characteristic of this » School is its disposition to vilify and traduce reason. They do well to hate it : for, as Hobbes well said, " when reason is against a man, a man will be against reason." Reason, they feel, is their im- placable foe, and blinded indeed it must De before it will admit their pretensions. " My Lord Understandings's -house," says John Bunyan, " was too light for the 'Prince of Darkness, and he therefore built a high wall to darken all the windows." In inviting us to lay down our reason, they remind us of the wolf who counselled the sheep to get rid of their watch-dogs. Their constant plan is to inveigh against the' sin of " rationalism," as they call it, in relation to the " mysteries " of religion —by which they mean any tendency to question their dogmas. They thus avail themselves both of the prejudice against the first term, and of the awe inspired by the second. That there are " mysteries " both in philosophy and religion about which it is irrational to speculate; is true ; but we receive them, though not on intrinsic, yet on sufficient evidence ; and reason is still the judge as to whether that evidence be sufficient to justify their reception, though it be not able to specu late on the mysteries themselves. The existence of God is a great mystery ; but if we' do not admit it, we must admit manifold contradictions and absurdities : —the permission of evil is a great mystery : but it would do us no good to deny its existence as a matter of fact:— Christianity is itself full of mystery ; but we receive it on proofs so manifold and various, that we feel it impossible to resist them. Give us similar reasons for be lieving "apostolical succession," and we faithfully promise that it is not its being a ifiystery that shall startle us. But to hoodwink our reason, and receive any absurdity without examination, because some piece of solemn inanity shakes his head, and assures us it is too awful to reason about, is not to be tolerated. Tet this is the continual artifice employed to protect " Church principles," and imposes, we have no doubt, upon thousands. We have already adduced some remarkable specimens of this species of logical artifice. "Beware how you rationalize oh these great truths," is the constant cry — " how much better is it to obey than to speculate — to believe than to reason ! " A plain understanding would say — " Both very well in their place, reverend sir ; what God hath joined together let no man put asunder: I think it better to believe than to reason, when I have reason to believe that God has spoken : I think it' better to reason than to believe, when I have reason to believe that it is only Dr. Pusey or Mr. Newman." In fact this artifice is itself the highest insult to reason, since it involves a quiet assumption of the whole question in dispute — namely, whether the mysteries of the Oxford Tract School are supported by the evidence which proves that they ore worthy of being believed in spite of their transcendental character. Of course the Papist uses the same plea for his transubstantiation. Doubtless even the Egyptian priest of ancient times often used the same plea, when he had to defend the divinity of " cats and onions " against the rationalists of those days, at whom he would unquestionably shake his head, and tell them how superior after all was faith to logic ! About as reasonable is the defence which the Oxford writers employ, and about as reasonable the dbginas for which it is resorted to. " The first principle, or universal axiom," says Mr. Taylor, " of the modern revivers of Ghiirch principles, is the abjuration of that integrity of reason to which the inspired writers always appeal, and of which they enjoin the exercise and culture.* * * To doubt is a sin. To adduce evidence, given in relation to common facts of history, and to judge of it according to the common rules of historical enquiry, is to be a " rationalist." To distrust the pretensions of St. Dunstan, or the genuineness of the " True Cross," is an offence as grevious as to reject the Trinity ; both are disobedience." 4\. Amongst other characteristics which belong to these writers in common with the Romish Church, we must reluctantly include a tendency to the use of " pious frauds." Let not the reader be startled. We do not charge them with such whole sale forgeries, such magnificent crimes, as those which were perpetrated and justified by some of their venerated Fathers. As their whole system is Romanism in miniature, so is it in this respect also. They do not, as the ancients did, write books, and inscribe them at once with some venerable name to make them pass current. They do not draw a bill of doctrines, and indorse it with the name of Cranmer, Ridley, or Hooker. Neither do we charge them with actual interpolations of ancient works. Such things cannot well be managed in these days of " unreserved communication of knowledge." There is ns much difference in point of andacity between the " pious frauds " of ancient days and the humble imitations of Oxford, as between open burglary and petty larceny — between forgery on a large scale and passing a bad sixpence. But with the little arts of fraudulent mis representation, they do in our judgment stand chargeable. They are we'll skilled, as Mr. Taylor expresses it, "in packing their evidence," and in "schooling their witnesses." They can leave out, if they do not put in— insulate a plausible sentence or two from a qualifying or refractory context, and manage commas and colons to admiration.. Some ingenious examples of this literary joinery may be found in M'Ilvaine's work, (p. 232.) For instance, they cite a passage from the homilies, which appears not unfriendly to a doctrine they affirm ; but on reference to the original, it is found that they have taken only the beginning and end of the paragraph, the intermediate part which they have omitted, being altogether against it; but no breaks— asterisks— dots — or other indications— are employed, to suggest that there has been any solution " of continuity " in the citation on the contrary this disjecta membra are re presented as so immediately connected, that they are separated only by a semicolon ! Similar traces of unfairness are most conspicuous in their construc tion of those curious things they call the Catenœ Patrum, by which they attempted to prove something like a Catholic consent of " testimony, on the part of the writers in the later English Church," to their peculiar doctrines. Some of these citations are absolutely nothing to the purpose ; others most vague and in distinct ; others, rent from their context, are made to convey a meaning never designed by their authors ; others may be confronted by citations from the very same writers equally or more explicit the other way; while in many divines of opposing sentiments are passed by al together. Such is the argument from consent. On the same principles it would be the easiest thing in the world to construct a Catena on the other side — and in fact we have seen more than one equally conclusive. But we need say no more on this point, Mr. Goode having so effectually exposed the attempt that even his reviewer now abandons it. " In whatever way," says Mr. Goode, " we may be enabled to account for it, certain it is that truth has been sacrificed, and the authority of great names pleaded in behalf of a system in no respect entitled to such protection. Of the unscrupulous use by these writers of the vulgarest arts of sophistry, we need say nothing. Enormous examples of petitio principii, suppressio veri, and almost every other species of logical delinquency, have been given in pre ceding articles, or in the present. But examples of all will be found in Number Ninety itself; that singular monument — not tere perennius certainly, for it is " brass " itself — of logical pettifogging. We question however, whether these writers have not derived still more service from .that obscure, imposing, and truly Delphic style, of which, as Archbishop Whately says, the " effect is to convey at first to ordinary readers a striking im pression, with an appearance of being perfectly intelligible at the first glance, but to become more obscure and doubt ful at the second glance, and more and more so, the more attentively it is studied by a reader of clear understanding ; so as to leave him utterly in doubt, at the last, which of several meanings it is meant to convey, or whether any at all." * * * This is especially the case with the tracts on " Reserve " and " Mysticism " of which it may be truly said that they seem to have been written after preferring, and obtain ing, a plenary answer to that prayer — Of darkness visible so much be lent, As halt to show — half veil the deep intent. The one writer is most " reserved on reserve," and the other most " mystical on mysticism." Seldom is anything said plainly and absolutely, but with a perpetually tortuous and guarded expres sion. Scarcely two sentences are found together without a " so to speak," or "as it were," or " if so be," or "it may be after a certain secret manner," &c.; Thus, endeavouring to prove our Lord's systematic concealment of his miracles, the writer on " reserve " says of the feeding of the five thousand, " even here it would appear as if there was somehow a sort of secret character about the miracle." Another specimen. "Not withstanding that a spirit of true charity has a natural desire to communicate itself and is of all things the most expansive and extending, yet in all such cases of good men we may still perceive the indwelling of Christ in them, still seeking, as it were, to hide himself; for I think they are all marked by an inclination, as far as it is possible, of retiring and shrinking from public view." "The Fathers," he tells us, " supposed that our blessed Lord is, as it were, throughout the inspired writings, hiding and concealing himself, and going about (if I may so speak reverently) seeking to whom he may disclose himself." There are number less passages of this kind, which may mean anything the interpreter is pleased to imagine; although in reality they contain nothing but very pious-sounding, nonsense, which would have been quite in character in Jacob Böhmen or Emanuel Swedenborg. Thus, " so to speak," and " as it were," the author often seems to say something, when in reality, and without any " so to speak " or " as it were," he says nothing. His style perpetually reminds us of Bardolph's explanation of the word accommodated. "Accommodated; that is, when a man is, as they say, accom modated ; or, when a man is — being — whereby — he may be thought to be accommodated ; which is an excellent thing." Should any be disposed to charge us with treating grave subjects over lightly, we have to reply, first, that we sincerely believe that this is just one of those cases in which the maxim of Horace applies, Ridiculum acri Fortius et melim magnasplerumgv secat res ; secondly, that we recommend the objectors to a careful perusal of the Eleventh of Pascal's Lettres Provinciales, in which he shows, Qu'on petit réfuter par des railleries les erreurs ridicules ; thirdly, that amongst the Christian privileges of which our opponents would deprive us, we trust they do not intend to include what Ben Jonson calls our " Christian liberty of laughing " at what is laughable ; fourthly, that if they would have us repress our mirth, it must be by exhibiting a system of doctrines less irresistibly comic ; and lastly, that we are perfectly aware that the artifice of inculcating " an awful and reverential manner " of treat ing absurdities such as those on which we have animadverted, is the approved re ceipt, as the history of all superstition shows, of sanctifying, in the estimation of the timid and the credulous, the most enormous deviations from truth and common sense. Nor is it amongst the least causes of the disgust we have felt in perusing the writings of this School, that their authors, even while propounding doctrines which are equally insulting to the Bible and to human reason, and de fending them by methods which are dis graceful to morality, have yet been able to maintain that sanctimonious air, that pious gravity, that distinguish certain writers of the school of Loyola. We must not conclude without point ing out to the reader the works which, in our judgment, furnish the best confuta- ion of the tenets of the Oxford School. These are Archbishop Whately's Essays on the Kingdom of Christ (a truly admir able work) ; Goode's Rule of Faith, which is learned and full ; M'llvaine's Rome and Oxford, and Taylor's Ancient Christianity — -of both of which we have already spoken ; and Mr. Lindsay Alexander's learned and able work, just published, en titled Anglo-Catholicism not Apostolical. Meantime we await the progress and issue of the great contest without appre hension. Terrible as are these hurricanes of controversy, pernicious as may be their immediate effects on the faith of some and the temper of many — they serve from time to time to purify the atmosphere and render it salubrious. Let us but be true to ourselves, and we have no fear lest we should be " re- involved," to use the strong language of Milton, "in that pitchy cloud of infernal darkness, in which we shall never more see the sun of Divine Truth again, never hope for the cheerful dawn, never more hear the bird of morning sing." Let us never forget that Ohristianity was planted, and has grown up, in storms. Discussion is always favourable to it, and has ever been so. Let the wintry blast come. It will but scatter the sere leaves, and snap off the withered branches ; the giant tree will only strike its roots deeper into the soil, and in the coming spring time put forth a richer foliage and extend a more grateful shade. The Church and Its revenues. — The Times says: "In the present day every institution is on its trial, and the Church of England mast not expect to be exempted from the common rule. A cor porate body with a gross in some of nearly six millions a year is a tempting prey for the spoiler. To the public robber gross income and net income are much the same thing. The defenders of the Church are thus bound to show that the money is not ill spent, and that whatever the amount, large or small, the connlry has a fair eqnivalent for it." The Spiritual Life.— Meetings have been held at St. David's, Sorry Hille, nnder the name of a conference, oh the Spiritual life. They have been well attended notwithstanding their speculative and not plainly understood object. The men who have led them are earnest, pious, and trusted ; and we wish them all success in their aspira tion after a higher spiritual life. Our own idea of the spiritual life is just that of the secular life— daily duty— done under the spiritual sanction and influence of religious motive. We cannot divorce things secular from things spiritual. We are to' glorify God in our bodies and spirits which are His." Secular duties thus done are the spiritual life : as Herbert has it— " Who sweeps a room for Jesus' sake Makes that and the action fine." Six Richmonds In the field. - — The desire for Parliamentary honors must be very ardent, whatever its motive may be. For one seat at Central Oumberland six can didates were nominated. Of these three are freetraders insanely perilling the chances of. any of the three succeeding. On party lines or on the line of sincere desire for a freetrade policy for the bsneflt of the country, such: division of interests is unaccountable. And ' yet the personal interest' one would think is not very great. The life which a member innst lead must to a sensitive man be a kinfi of purgatory, whose endurance is very badly compensated by the honorarium of £300 a= year- More troubles. — The shearers hav ing composed their difficulties with the' Pastoralists, the Ronseabouts take up the ball; and keep it rolling at Louth. Are they not' well named rouseabouts? A New Pope.— A New York corre'« spondent states mat Herr Oahensly has appealed to the Pope for assistance in cement ing the Roman Catholic elements in the United States. He desires to establish paro chial schools, which, being all Roman Catholic, would undoubtedly in the course of time exercise a vast influence in the politics of that country. This scheme is not new, but the boldness and audacity of the proposal has attracted wide attention, as the purpose of ' the Roman Catholic Church in this proceeding is undoubted. The aim is to get hold of the children, and thus control the next generation. Cahenely's scheme, should it be seriously adopted would lead to a state of affairs which would be practically revolutionary. We trust our American friends will realise the import ance of offering an early and resolute resist ance to all Jesuit schemes which threaten the liberties of the great Republic. We under stand that an opinion is entertained that the idea of Herr Cahensly is to keep foreign Roman Catholics nnder the influence of their own countries, and thus preserve their lan guage and their religion at the same time;- That may be one of his aims, but Americans rest assured that he has also other objects in view which will not be for their benefit. . Rome and. the Salvation A'Ttny. — At the Roman Catholic Oouferenoe in Westminster Town Hall, the proceedings of the Sal va ion Army were somewhat severely criticised, though their method of open-air preaching was recommended for adoption by " Catholic priests." The " Bishop of Salford'' read a paper entitled " The English People and Blossed Peter, and the Authority of his See." No saint, he said, had entered more deeply into the life of the nation than St; Peter from the eleventh century. This was shown by the number of churches dedicated to St. Peter ; in the diocese of Lincoln alone there being 263 such churches, in Nor wich 159, and in York 82. The methods for rous ing again devotion to Peter were publicly to honor him and to place in churches statues of St. Peter, to address prayers to him, to work for the independence of the See of Sk Peter, and to propagate its teaching. Let Ritnaiists beware bow they trifle with idols ill the restoration and decoration of churohes. The Homily Against Peril of Idolatry shows how dangerous it is to set np statues in churches. Dr Vaughan evidently understands his hu Congo and tbe B.V- A specfal despatch from Roma to the Irish Roman Catholics states that by a decree of the Sacred Congregation of Rites, promulgated in the form of a Pontifical Brief, the Pope has con secrated to the Blessed Virgin Mary the Free State of the Congo, which owns tbe suzerainty of the Belgians. The dooument renders high testimony to the efforts of the King to pro mote Onristianity among the populatiou, of whom more than forty millions are Pagans, rba step has been taken in rasponse to petitions of eminent Belgian Roman Oatbolics, both clerioal and lay. The Brief has been sent to Brnssels with an autograph latter to King Leopold from his Holiness, coached in terms of warmest admiration. The Virgin has not hilhdtto done muob good to these states which have been pat nnder her proteotion. -They seem to have bien most unfortanate. Perversions. — According to the ' Catholic Times and Catholic Opinion of Fri day, June 12ih, " the number of oonversions ' i e., perversiona to the Ohnrch of Rome in the diooesa of Salford iaet year amoanted to .717.". Aienmiog tbis Btatement lo.be correct, 'we ebonld like to know bow many of tbeee ccnverte " were prepared, for tbe final step by Bitnalietic priests. If , tbe etatenQent be tree, it is tine for tbe Proteetant Cbnrcbcneb to awake and to consider the work tbe enemy ie'doing. Bcw many converEions from Bome have taken place in that time? We fear not many. . friie Kilbnrn Sistere.— Tte Eil- born Sisters are seeking to estabiisb tbem- adves in Canada, and, tbbngh anzipne to obtain tbe patronage of tbe Bishop of Toronto, they ignore bis episcopal antbority. ,It is instrnctiTO to observe bow the advocates cf the " historic Episcopate" despise their own doctrine of Apostolic Bnccession isben the "Snccessor of the Apostles" thwarts their plans. Tbe Bishop of Toronto made a vigor ous protest against tbe pecnliar cbapel services of tbe Sisters, and ordered bis clergy "not to attend the services wearing their snrplices." we presnme that means, not. to cfiBciate in tbe cbapel. We regret to learn that several Toronto clergymen have disregarded the .spirit, if not the letter, of the Biebop's orders, by giving their aid to tbia Bomanieing sister hood. At tbe opening service the Vicar of St. Mary, llagdalen's lent a processional cross, and himself took tbe service and addrees. , Ur. Webb read the lessons. Canon Gayley, Dr. Langtry, and three others of the city clergy were present, bnt we are not told wbetber they . wore forplices. Tbus tbe spiritnal antbority of tbe Diocrran istrsmpled nnder foctby Bomanisers in Canada, jnat as / He antbority cf tbe Privy Conncil isdeBpiied \- in England. Verily, they may well be called / " the lawless party." . Proteetant l>itcrfiture for Canada. — Tbe eecretsrics of the Pro teetant Book Bcciet for Toronto present ns with a very interesting report for their firet year. .The society was formed in March, 1890, "for tbe circolatron of dietinetively Prctestent and evangelical literEtnrefcr both .iclergy end laity," and they have "met with ' loyal response frcro all parts of the Dominion, in. their applicstion for finsncisi help." There has been a wide disfribntfon of mere than . twenty thonsand tracts and bcoklets, free of charge, dealing directly with present con- ticversicB ; and larger works of more per- V manent interest and value have been ,,;dlttrihnted at very low pricep, and in some instances gmtis. In all, some 17,000 volnmes have been handled during tbe year, including 600 volnmea of Matthew Henry's Com mentary, 200 copies of Bishop Lrgbtfoot's " Christian Ministry," 300 copies of Dyson Hagne's " Protestantism of the Prayer-book," &o.; The work cf tbe society has so de veloped that more convenient premises are being secured in a central part of tbe city, and an organizing secretary appointed. The \- accounts show that the money received from sobscriptiona and donations has been 742.95 dels. ; eales of books, 806.70 dels. ; or a total of 1,049 65 dels. ; expended for books and tracts, 1,029.51 dole. ; leaving a balance in . hand of 20.14 dole. Saved— We nnderstsnd that tbe instrn- . ments ot torture used in tbe Inquisition — which were, we believe, lent for exhibition at Tuseand 'a waxworks — were in an underground . chamber, and thus escaped injury from the fire. The Pope will not sing a "Te deum" for . their preservatiop. I<'ailure — The secular PiesB has celled attention to the fact that the Ctmbridge Miseion to Delhi is tbus far a , failure. It has been ten years at work, it is ctmpoeed of thoroughly educated men, who live as a Brotbeibcod, who are fired with oli . the enthusiasm which Chutth diguitaiies at home attribute to that style of life, and who enjoy from tbe Indian Governmeni a practical monopoly of tbe higher education in that capital of Indian Manommedauism. Yet one of the Mission clergy confesseB that they can not show a single convert. There is no vitality! Observing that the meeting at which tbe confessioD of failure was made was beld at tbe Church House, we presume the mission has been conducted on tbe most ap proved "Church lines." That really means on lines of man's invtntiin. Let them tiy to work on Gcd'a lines, and note the result. To this ecd tbe mission must begin rightly. The men must le " sentfortb by ttc Holy Ghost." They must preach— not. the Church, and the sacraments, bnt, as St, Paul did at Antioch in Pisidio, Jeens, the Saviour, slain, raised again, declared thereby to be the Son of God, with . power to forgive sins. Rome & tlie Public Scbools. —The piicsts are everywhere sei king to get control of tbe public scbooip. Tbe Mayor of St. Paul, Minn., has appointed a priest, the president of tbe Boman Catholic. Scnrinary, a member of tbe School Board, and two priests bsve been placed on tbe committee of tbe School Board of Hew Haven, Conn,, to pre pare an order of religious services for the use ot the public Bobools. Tbe result is what might bo expected. The order of Eorvioes / contains prny era to the Virgin Mary, wlich Trotestaut children must repeat or leave the Bcbt olp, The Roman Catholic vote In maty of the Hew England cities is such a potent factor In elections, that public men who are ambitious do not hesitate to barter the rights and privileges of their cbtldren for office. Tbis is deplorable. But as tbis is a free ccnntiy, Bonce is making tbe most of its freedom to poison tbe minds of American children. If the American people like tbe teaibings of Bome and prayers to the Virgin Mary lor themselves and their children, they can have them, as, we repeat, tbia is a free conntry, and eacli one can worship God or the Virgin as be please s. Bot if the people who worship the Virgin ccnld.be taught how mnch belter it is to worship God in spirit and truth, they woold not bother the Virgin Wfitb their petitions that shd cannot answer, as she kas not divine power, bnt they would go directly to Jetuej tbe Son of Mary according to tbe.flesh, and obtain from Hiin what their souls desire, for all power in heaven and on earth is His. The American people must awake, for (here ra danger ahead. ' Renan Ansvirered.— Fre Didon has just issued a popular edition of bis " Life of Obrist." It is a volume of 896 pages, with maps, and is published by Plon Bue Garano'ere, Paris, at the price of 5fr. Twenty- five thousand copies have been sold of the earlier edition of 16fr. The eloquent monk has, like Benan, spent some time in the Hcly Land. His book professes to be a direct reply to tbe author of " Vie de Jdsus," from the orthodox standpoint, and in elegance falls little short of that famous work. Ten years ago the burning oratory of the young prieat made even fiippsnt Paiis panae and listen. For some reason, however, the Churob thought it best that tbe orator should leave tbe pulpit of St. Philippe de Boole for the ssclusion of the Convent of Carbara in Corsica, and it was there be first conceived tbe idea of nndertaking the task which he has since accomplished. — Echo. Her Hajesty tbe Queeii and Pope L,eo XIII.— Mr. 0. H. Collette writes to tbe Echo upon this subject as follows : — " Compliroentary letters have passed between her Majesty Queen Victoria and Leo XIII. The Qneen by her coronation oath, is head of the Church of England — a Church Cardinal Mannirg has publicly de clared that the Bcmisb mission in England is 'to snVdue and subjugate '—and she is also bound by every sentiment contained in the Tbixly-nine Articles. Our Qneen, therefore, on every Roman principle, is an heretical Sovereign. How, Cardinal Manning bas in- formed us, in his ' Temporal Miseion of the Holy Ghoat,' third edition, 1887, p. 87— 'Do- finitions and decrees, speaking ex cathedra, or as Head of the Cbnrcb, whether by Bulls, Apostolic letters, or encyclical, to many or one person, undoubtedly emanate from a Divine aasistance, and are Infallible.' The late Vatican decree, which establishes this theory, is an Article of Eaitb, and retrospec tive. 1 desire to draw altention to the Bull cum ex Apostolains offlcio) iisned by Pope Paul IV. in 1558, and which was signed by II the Cardinals. By this Bull he deposes all heretical princes, and passes sentence of death oh them. Ho one may venture to aid or give them the services of mere humanity ; any monarch who does so forfeits his domini ons and property, which fall to tbe Pope, or lapse to princes obedient to him, whom he may invite to tske possesaion of them. " Semper eadam is engraved on the Boman escntcheon. We have a right to ask Cardinal Manning, as head of the Boman Church in England, and as representative of Leo XIII., whether that Bull is still in force, and, if not, when repealed ?" Tbe Osseryatore RomanOf the organ of the Vatican, publishrs two articles against tbe Triple Alliance, which it describes as disturbing tbe public mind, instead of insuring peace. The journal declares that "clericals" condemn the Alli ance on the gronnd that it guarantees to cosmopolitan Freemasonry the violent ma terial possession of Bome, the city of the Pontiffis, and makes Italy the gendarme of Auatria in the Trent and Trieste territories, and the gendarme of Germany in Alsace- Lorraine. Bow strange it is that the Pope and the " clericals" do not discern that by thus hankering after temporal power they disclcse the truth that the authority they seek to establish is not that of Him who said before Pilate, " My kingdom is not of this world I" Cburcb Revenues. — An instruc tive Pirliamentary paper has jnat been issued, giving in as complete a form as possi ble an account of the revenues of tbe Cburcb of England, and tbe sources from which they are drawn. It shows that the total income of the Oburch amounts to £5,753,557 of which £6,469,171 is derived from ancient endow ments, and £284 386 from private benefac tions since 1703. That of the parochial clergy from all sources, except private bene factions, is, in round figures, three millicns nine hnndred thousand pounds. This, divided between some fourtetn thousand benefices, and subject to many deductions, does not represeut more than the average pay of a skilled artizan ; it only gives an average income of two hundred and seventy-eight pounds per annum for each beneficed clergy man. Including private benefaction, the average for each living is £300 per annum. Of course, we all know that the money is not equally divided, and that, whilst some of the prizes are rich indend, some ot'the starvinga are very poor. A Scbigmatic Cburcb.— A Bishop In tbe highest auilioiity has pronounced that tbe Cbntch of England in Hatai is a " schism." Unfortunately tbe same idea is apparently held by many other persons ; whereas the fact is that the Church of England as known in Hatal, has existed intact (minus a Bishop since 1883) since its creation by Boyal letters patent a tee "in perpetuity," with its cathedral, ohurches, clergy, endowments, congregations, &c.; The real stbismitic Church is by its own title "Tbe Church of the Pi evince of South Africa." Ttis has been recognized and sup ported by tbe Bisbops of England, from the Archbisbop of Canterbury downwards. Hot- withstanding, it bas been declared by tbe highest Court of the realm (the Privy Conn- oil), that it has separated itself completely from the Cl utch oi England. Tbe Snpreme Couit of Gape Town has also declared it has separated itself " root and branch " from the Church of England, and tbe Supreme Court of Hatal recognized tbe same fact by securing tbe property, belonging to tbe ChuTch of Englnhd against attenapts of tbis nsnrp- ir g and would-be dominant Chdrbh to get pcBsession of it, as it has of nearly all tbe Cbnrcb of England property in South Africa. SclsniatlCB. — TheBlRbopof Liverpool, Dr. Ryle, in his late adnaireble work on the " Men and Times of the Reformation!" which sbonld bo studied by every Proteetant In the land, says : — " There is between ns and oitbodox Protestant DlFBeDters but a tl in partition ; betwc en ns and Rome there is a broad and deep golf I ' "The Puritans stand at tbe bead of English divines; they alone prevented Land's inoliDstiops from carrying England back into the arms of Borne " in the reign of Charles 11. " And when James 11. sent the seven faithful Bishops to the Tower to compel them to give way to his Popish proclivities ; at this critical junctiire the Honoonformists, to their eternal bonoor, came forward and helped the Bishops to a right decision, who were kept In the Tower for a week. A deputation of ten leading Non conformist ministers went to express t> eir sympathy with the Bishops, and when upbraided by the King they replied "that it was a solemn duty to forget ppst quarrels, and stand by the men who stood by the Proteitant cause.' What a contrast may be drawn between the condnct of tbose seven faithful Bishops and that of the Ritualistic Bishops of tbe present day, who are winking at and encouraging tbe advance of Rome's preten sions to destroy England | jjen James was. scheming to make Popery supreme, witness bis savage, brutal hatred of the Honconformisls and Dissenters, because they were the most zealous advocates of Protestant ism ; and when ChnrchmeD, nnder Archbisbop Lands mischievous mflnence, bad become lukewarm, HonconfoimiBts were tbe enemies of Popery. Knowing this, Jamea began bis reign by attempting to crnsh the Honcon formisls in tbe most crnel manner. Bnt ameiDgst the Honoonformists, and, tbeir ministers, are at this day some of the most fatihfnl Christian Evangelical Protestants in the 4and. And amongst all their diffierent sections and denominatioLS, where is there an instance of their pretensions to priestcraft or sacrifices anth as that of the Mass, or any imitation of the andacity of Ritoalists in the Evangelical Church of England, in attempt ing to imitate it ? 