Willi! Ik II THJ3JNFMJKNCK THAT 80MKT1MKS GUIDES US AOAINST OUlt WIIjIV. " No, I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, " but I do believe in the ministration of spirits.11 This is not the age nor tbe country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest ccntrcs about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great diffi culty, if the laudlord is willing to knock oil a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at tiuiCF of some peculiar inlluenco bwaying our odious. We are led to do things we should not do of our own volition-the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we came to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that guides into the wisest course. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in what they 6co ; the " evidence of things not seen " is to be weighed in future. When a mail is sick he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon be* gins to doubt the skill of the physician, nnd inquire into hie methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondeon, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1890 :-" During tbe past 10 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized witil stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged hcadachce, the resultof liver disorder. For yearB I thus Buffer ed, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I tried tbe effects of Waracr'6 6afe euro, and not until tben did I cxpcrience any amelioration in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Londsdele Street, Melbourne, says :-" 30th October, 1890-For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organB were out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of tbe liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner'n safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in tbe right side, caused by tbe congestion of the liver, oeased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action. 