Crumb*. Sharp. _ . Breaks. Theatre. RobertB. Cannons. Bil'iards. Parliament. Both Houses. Bullets and billiards. Education wrangling. Cuzco on Wednesday. Mayor's Ball to-night. Late trains and trams. "Old Time Memories." Bravo, Sergeant Sharp. Dear old Dr. Mayo is ill. Barometer at Koon to-day, 29*80. Musical Ghost Elusion still open. War cloud gathering over Europe. Something to keep the ball rolling. Two and a half bobs to Bee Roberts. Are the Natives on the down grade? Telephone torture is on the increase. Victoria has its Star of Greece disaster. Congested labour market in Queensland. Sad official negligence at the wreck of the - J"iji. No late sitting to-night except at the Howm Hall. 6\. Sharp IB the key to whioh our crack 6hota perform. Thirteen drowned at the Fiji. Seamen and strangers. Private Marrson made the second best feoore yesterday. The over-worked telephone operators deeerva sympathy. Sir Henry Ayen has a reoord uniqne in all Ibe colonies. Selector Wilkinson was a hero and gave "his life for strangers. Trams and trains early to-morrow for Port, Glenelg, and euburbs. South Australian riflemen 1,644, "Victoria 1,621, Tasmania 1,496. A loyal labour leader in Melbourne needs to be a good chucker- out A Standing Match will be also fiied tliis afternoon. Prizes, £30. t Now, Tom, let the Legislative Council aee and feel your foot to-day. Four Natives and one Pressman turned op at the meeting last night. One man, one vote, one district, one. wife, one destiny, and one coffin. Match between teams of five will be find this afternoon. Prizes, £45. J. Miller is nearly as bad as G. W. Cotton used to "be at wi.ting letters. Lieutenant-Colonel Penno was voted a firstrate fellow and a true rideaian. Shakespeare on "SbfUupuare^ before NortH Adelaide-Young Men to-uigiit. The Commonwealth lull has killed the Natives—no quorum last night. - . Lot of Port Darwinians want the doors opened to admit John Chinaman. The Victorians and Tabiaauians were very courteous in waiving those eluiga. Canadian members -.vant, mure salary and the country wants less corruption. Lieutenant-Colonel P< GQO, of Victoria; was the best shot amongst the v is:tors. Portonians will have ciiismer growl about the Barrier trade to-morrow night. Port Caledonians will h-ar all about Queens' land by Rev. Sutherland l- night. Sun rose at 6.11 u.in.; at 8.44 p.m. Moon rose at 8.38 a.m.; Kia at 10.11 p.m. No one will object to oar boys visiting ~ mines, but don't take tL-ui io the Exchanges. On an occasion like tc.a the Telephone Department should have I OT A wire to the ranges. The good old days vhon reporters played marbles in the gallery of the Council have gonefcy. New Zealand Brioe h.-i triced himself up outside the House for tLu wuipping be got inside. There are fifty-three branches of the Agricultural Bureau, the cv.mLtera aggregating over 600. It is to be hoped that the Arabians will not excite the tEamhorses, for if they increased their speed. In New Zealand are 373 parsons holding land of the unproved valog of £16,310,083. Hon. A. R. AddiscQ bta satisfied many - Wallaroo people that lr; tm beau a consistent capitationiet. It is as hard to geb viii-iaiity about the Chinese Secret Sociutka ai ^Dout the educa- - tion question. Challenge trophy, v.-lie £10 presented bv Sir fi. T. Smith, is being fe-i this morning. Prizes worth £110. Is it according to Cc:V r 11 suppress from a report an amendment ^-.ported by a respectable minority ? The Agricultural E'lr^n is a powerful institution, with ramifications through all the country. Women in Japan L'-w^te with men in many branches of j jast as they do ia America and Australia." Very undignified f ;t fr':" wlony to go begging abroad for inforrsat.ir £ to save the salary of a vegetable pathoio^st. Mercantile Loan auo G-u.h sntee Company's' shareholders are in the mcjd vo lynch certsia. Directors for sooopiag too ;>JOL It is time Mr. Todd ecqiarcd whether soms- " thing could not be don» to ameliorate the miseries of telephone euoscritors. Mr. J3. J. Clark, foriotuy Sub-Editor in this office, has been elected a member of tbe ftartma Branch of the Agricultural Btiibiiu. Many church ohbira te'jia to consider the - test of efficiency to be the number of new tunes they can introduce per annum. Sonth Australian rifle team ahot well yesterday, beating the redoubtable Viototfcl* and the plucky Ta&muu;&as.; Next? Because the A.N. A. oould aob get a quorum to discuss federation thftt is a sign the thing i* dead. The A.N. A. is everybody you koow. It would be well if some temperance advocates would stick to theix test, aud not look sit every other question through felie narrow .seek of a bottle. The Minister of Education's bbthd)&y.; Greetings to Mr. Jenkins from the Orumbmaxt. The " member for America" was born September 8,1851. Women's Christian Temperanoe Onion is stronger in South Australia than in aa? of the - colonies. That's owing to our high inteUigence - or love of fad. A countryman who kucvj will take his affi- Davitt on the portrait iu Saturday's Journal, and testifies to the appropriate oo louring of the letterpress. Man with large overcoat, with his noee well down in the neckhole, chile his wife batf no • overall at all, is a specimen of many who fancy they run this country. The late Marcus Clark said loousts were aa excellent substitute for shrimps. Painted red and sold at 6d. per class sh .-uld be a good investment for the trade. P.M. Pater practically talis na'er-do-wells to - go and hang thenwelv.-?, &r.d; winebibbers to - get drunk in private Won't he be brought up some day as an accessory before the faot? The fourteenth Sc-jtli Australian Ministry was the Hon. Mr. Ayeti', which lasted from September 20 to October 23, 1865, and comprised the following :— Henry Ayers,. M.L.C., Chief Secretary; S. B. Andrews,. M.P., Attomey-GeEerai;' Henry J. T. Strangwajs, M.P., Cjmmissioaer of Crown- Lands; P. Santo, H.P., Commissioner of Publics Works. FAX.—ARE you fond of riddles? Inooarse you am if you have sufficient intellectual capacity to comprehend their import, their. uses, and their salatn-ry tendencies in stimulating the intellect and reusing into activity every dormant facility of tha mind. Thousands of years ago thf>7 were the favourite-'- pastimes of the of earth's sons and daughters, and tbey doubtless will be thousands of jvirs h^nee. Archimedes, the famous Syrac~ts:.i3, rushed ; from the battle crying "Eureka! Eureka!" on bis solution of tLe problem of Sling Hiero. A similar problem may bo solved in a similar way, viz., two balls of equal dimensions, colour, and weight are mado of materials very different in their t, .-ri gravity, say ef oork and clay, thelattci hollow. How oould you tell which is win_i! Then the ancient Greeks propounded tl-ia po-plexing puizle. "If Archilles, racin? with turtle, give the reptile 100 yards, and ^is* '-pju it one-tenth; of the diBtanoe ber- fc.-nuheci every minute, how long would i:" V^ overtaking the: turtle?" (Certainly i^orc :5.an seven yean.) 