MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1891. The Federation Convention at Sydney has had a remarkable effect in stimulat- ing interest in constitutional questions. In several of the colonies attention has been particularly directed to flaws in the local constitutions the removal of which is demanded by the democratic party. It will "be remembered that the framers of the Commonwealth Bill, in spite of the strong protest of Sir George Grey and others, decided upon following the American precedent of making the franchise iii each State for the House of Representatives the same as that for the more popular branch of the local Legislature. In Canada this system does not exist, the federal franchise being uniform for the whole Dominion. A fear of awkward complications was undoubtedly the reason why the Sydney Convention refrained from essaying the task of pre scribing a uniform voting qualification for the Commonwealth of Australia. It is evident that unless the local and federal franchises were assimilated there would be a costly duplication of electoral rolls and machinery, and as an attempt at such assimilation would have involved inter ference with the State constitutions] the Convention, having no instructions to ex tend its labors so far, preferred to leave the matter severely alone. Had tUe task of fixing a uniform federal franchise been undertaken it would have been necessary to deal with a number of inconvenient questions, such as a property qualification or manhood suffrage, plural voting, aud so on, besides which an elaborate electoral law would also have been required. Probably it was not foreseen, however, that opposi tion to federation itself would arise on the ground that the constitution in these respects is insufficiently democratic. The objections that have been raised against the establishment of a Federal Legisla ture, to be constituted in part by the plural^vote at popular elections and by the influence of nominated second Chambers in the Senate elections pro posed to be left to the State Parliaments, nevertheless interpose a formidable ob stacle to the success of the federal move ment. As we fully expected and predicted, a solution of these difficulties is likely to be afforded by the action of the several colo nies themselves in reforming their local constitutions. The proceedings of the Federation Convention have had the result of severely shaking every nominated legis lative body in Australia., and it appears, as if the death-knell of the plural vote had been rung. So far as this colony is concerned there is nothing .to reform, or at any rate if reform is needed it is not required in any way as a pre paration for federal union on a democratic basis. Both our Chambers are elective, and we eujoy the boon of manhood suffrage in the most complete sense of the term. In New Smith Wales the one- man one-vote system has long been demanded by the great mass of the population. Tiie constitution of the senior colony divides electors into two classes—the resident and non-resident. Theresidencevoteisacquired by six months' residence in die district, but the elector has also one vote for each dis trict in which he has a freehold or lease hold estate of the clear value of £100 or the annual value of £10, or holds a Crown lease or license for pastoral purposes. Sir Henry Parkes has included the abolition of the plural vote in his programme, and the forthcoming elections are probably the last in which it will be exercised. In New South Wales it is asserted that this form of property voting has a marked influence in determining the results of Parliamen tary elections. It is said, for instance, to have been found particularly useful by the conservative party in Sydney to strengthen the free-trade vote. If this be true Sir Henry Parkes proposes volun tarily to surrender a weapon with the aid of which he has thus far been enabled to keep in some check the advancing forces of protection. In Victoria, where the plural vote also exists, its mischievous effect has been greatly minimised by the simple device of holding all the elections on one day. Nevertheless it is justly regarded as the relic of an illiberal system which ought to be finally swept away. Mr. Munro, of whom, curiously enough, the story is told that at one election with the aid of a railway pass he voted no less than fifteen times, has promised a deputation of the labor party that he will intro duce a Bill for the abolition of plural voting as soon as the federation question is disposed of by Parliament. The Premier's only concession is that a voter who has property in more than one place will be left at liberty to choose the place in winch he will exercise his franchise. To this proposal alarmed con servatives rejoin—Thank you for nothing; and falling into the ludicrous blunder of supposing that die Victorian constitu tion is a sort of social contract as unalter able as the laws of the JHedes and the Persians, they assert that "when man hood suffrage was conceded the plural vote was continued as a part of the bargain." On the other hand it is alleged that the principle of property representa tion, bo far as the Assembly is concerned, is not only not the result of a compact, which in any case would not be binding for all time, but was actually never con templated by the founders of the consti tution, Itaving crept into the elec toral system of Victoria simply by the accident of the ratepayers' rolls having used as a convenient mode,of obtaining a list of voters. Suuic considerable time after the introduction of universal suffrage the plan was brought into operation of utilising the ratepayers rolls, leaving the non-ratcpaying electors to register their names with officers ap pointed for the purpose. It was adopted merely to obviate the heavy cost of the compilation of electoral rolls by collectors, and was never intended to confer a vote on account of the possession of property. Sir Samuel Griffith, notwitlistand uig his zeal for popular rights in theory, is much less courageous than his brother Premiers in practice. Although eager enough to secure an abstract and unprofitable statement of the natural rights of man as a part of thelaws of Queensland, he hesitates to take the practical step of conceding to the people equal rights at the polls. He has pub lished the statement that while personally in favor of the principle of one-man one vote its introduction would involve such radical changes in the present system of representation that be does not care to tackle the question. It is impossible that such a timorous attitude can be main tained for long. All over Australia a wave of democratic opinion is sweeping which will inevitably remove an institution that is everywhere felt to be out of date. Even in England the movement against plural voting is gradually acquiring strength. There the plural vote—one of the abuses of the old 40s. freehold franchise—con tinues as a relic of the former electoral system which Mr. Gladstone's last Re form Bill left untouched. Under this system votes can readily be manufactured, and in former times their manufacture was caried on to an extraordinary extent when the occasion was considered sufficiently important to warrant it. Lately the question has engaged the attention of the House of Commons, and Mr. Gladstone is now distinctly pledged to the cause of reform. From Canada the news has recently come that a measure for the abolition of plural voting has been rejected by a majority of 32. In a House containing over 200 members this majority cannot lie considered large, and the longer the agitation is continued the smaller it will become. The plural property vote stands condemned as an offence against the principles of popular repre sentation which all democracies recognise as the true basis of government. It is not even' logical. If property is to be specially represented in the people's House, why should the representation be confined to real property 1 Why concede a vote for lands, or shops, or houses, and deny it for shares or bank deposits ? The system is essentially absurd as well as inequit able, and the sooner it is abolished in the other colonies the better for themselves and the cause of Australian union. The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. W. Copley) visited and inspected certain lands near Angaston on Saturday. They are the pro. perry of the Hon"J. H. Angas, M.L.C., and as they are believed to be well suited for work ing men's blocks, it has been proposed that the Government should acquire rinwi in exchange for State lands in the neighborhood. Mr. Copley returned to town on Saturday night. The Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. W. B. RounseveUC.was absent from his office on Friday and Saturday owing to a slight attack of bronchitis. The headquarters of the police will probably be shifted during next week from the old watchhouse behind the General Post-office t their new quarters in what was formerly the liocal Court. The Adelaide Money-order Office was tem porarily removed on Saturday from |the General Post-Office to Tort-ens Chambers, on the west side of Victoria-square. It will remain there until the additions to the Post-Office axe. complete, which will probably be some 18 months hence. The Government Geologist, who has hitherto occupied offices above the Minister of Crown Lands will also move into Torrens Chambers. The insolvency case of Messrs. Solomon and Griffiths, of Port Darwin, after numerous de lays and adjournments extending over the past three months, was concluded on Saturday, when Mr. Commissioner Russell awarded the insolvents a second-class certificate VAn attempt was "made by the opposing creditors (the Commercial Bank of Australia and Mr. H. \V. H. Stevens) to obtain a eusijension of tbe certificate to be awarded to the insolvents, but the commissioner did not consider there was any justification for such a course. Mr. V. L. Solomon, who resigned his seat as member for the Northern Territory in the House of Assembly in March last and was re elected by his constituents, will probably take his seat daring the present week. The Stockholm Academy of Sciences has been informed by cablegram that Sir Thomas Elder's contribution of £3,000 to the Antarctic expedition of Baron Nordenskjold can still be had if an assurance be given that the amount of £15,000 will be enough to equip the party thoroughly. A reply is daily expected. Baron Dickson, a Scotch merchant living in Den mark, has, as our readers will recollect, pro mised another £5,000, and the Hon. J. L. Parsons will move in the House of Assembly that provision (should be made to aid the expe dition, and will suggest a grant of £500 from South Australia. The vessels to be chartered for the expedition will visit the various Austra lian ports before leaving for the South Pole. The Smelting Company at Dry Creek Smelt ing Works have received the following cable advice from their London agents, dated June 12: —"Standard silver, 3s. Bfd. per ounce; soft Spanish lead, £12 13s. per ton." The Inspector-General of Roads (Mr. C. T. Hargrave) returnedj from the north on Satur day. During his stay he examined the site for the bridge asked for from the Government for the Burra Creek at Bon Accord ; inspected the main roads at Jamestown; the Wirrabara and Melrose and Port Germein main roads; the ford at the Rocky River near Crystal Brook ; Gulnare- road; visited the site for the new bridge at White Cliffs, Koolunga; the Auburn and Cndalya, Manooiu and Hal bury roads; the Port Wakefield and Lochiel main road; and the large bridge over the Light, near Lin wood on the North- road, which will be ready for the steel and iron superstruetuiv iv a fort sight, the masonry being on the i>oiut <>f com pletion. On Saturday, at the request of Mr. H. C. Mais, C.K., who iv now in Adelaide, a trial was made of Frost's " Dry carburetor system " of railway carriage lighting. A carriage lit by this method was attached to the Port train on Saturday evening, the experiment being conducted under the supervision of the chair man of Railway Commissioners (Mr. J. H. Smith), and the traffic inspector (Mr. J. B. McNeil). Tbe result was not satisfactory. The review of the defence forces of the colony will take place on June 20, and in order to gain a little practice in the evolutions to be gone through on that occasion the troops re hearsed them on Saturday afternoon. The three battalions of Militia Infantry fell in at the parade-ground, North-terrace, and then proceeded to the foot of Montefiora Hill, where under the command of Major- General Do? nes they were exercised in a number of review movements. After being drawn up in line the Infantry fired a feu dc joic and then advanced in review order, afterwards going through the form of attack. One battalion was posted on the hill, the remaining two ad vancing by half-battalions, firing blank ammu nition. The men moved forward to the attack slowly, were reinforced, and then in good order they gradually retired. The movements were well earned out. We regret to announce the death at his resi- dence, the Olives, Glenelg, on Saturday, in his 70th year, of Mr. E. Amand Wright, an old and highly esteemed colonist. He arrived in the Fama, in 1844, in company amongst other passengers with the late Mr. E. I. S. Trimmer, and entered into the mercantile house of Messrs. H. W. Phillips & Co., of Hindley street. Later on be became secretary to the Princess Royal, Mount Remarkable, and other mining companies, and subsequently entered into business on his own account as land and estate agent, and established a firm which became known as Wright Brothers. He was well known in commercial and general circles, but did not enter into public life. Of late years, owing to impaired health, he had been living in retirement from business, but his death, which was caused by heart disease, was quite unexpected. He has left a widow and three children—one son and two daugh- ters —all unmarried. The surviving brothers are Mr. Arthur J. Wright (general manager of the Imperial Insurance Company in Mel bourne) and Mr. Frederick Wright, of this city, and the sisters Mrs. Prankerd and Mrs. Hicks, both now in England. A service will be held at Christ Church, North Adelaide, at 3 o'clock this afternoon, before the interment at the North-road Cemetery. In our obituary column we record the death of Mr. George Shorney, who was for very many years connected with the firm of J. Dunn & Co., millers. The deceased gentle- man retired to the bathroom on Saturday even- ing intending to have a warm bath. After he had been there a short time strange gurgling sounds were heard to proceed from the room, and when an entrance was effected he was found to be dead. Mr. Shorney was about 60 years of age, and had been recently under the care of Dr. Archer for heart disease. Some few months back so severely had he been suffer- ing from this complaint that he was ordered to abstain from business, and upon the advice of his medical attendant took a long holiday, which he spent at Victor Harbor and Mount Barker. His health having im- proved he returned to business, and shortly after took a trip to the north, from which he had only just returned at the time of his death. The deceased gentleman in his early connection with the firm was manager of the Bridgewater Mill for Mr. John Dunn, sen. After he had been working there for several years he was taken into partnership. Shortly after this the Hon. J. Dunn joined the firm, the Port mill in Lipson-street, at the rear of the railway-station, was built, and when opened Mr. Shorney took the manage- ment. Soon after it was opened the mill was destroyed by fire, but it was rapidly rebuilt and restarted, and continued working for several years. Subsequently the new mill on the Port river was erected, and the old one again destroyed by fire, but Mr. Shorney still retained the control of the Port establishment, which was left in his hands up to the time of his decease. He was brother-in-law to both Mr. John Dunn, sen., and Mr. John Dunn, jun., the three gentlemen marrying three sisters. Like Mr. Dunn, Mr. Shorney came from the south-west of England, Taun- ton being the place of his nativity. He leaves a family of five daughters, all single, and three sons, two of whom are married. The eldest, Mr. Edward Shorney, is proprietor of an iron- mongery business at Port Adelaide, and the second is manager for Messrs. J. Dunn & Co. at Brisbane. As a business man Mr. Shorney was highly respected, not a man in the milling trade being held in higher esteem than the late gentleman. He was respected by all for his integrity and reliability. He was con- nected with tne Wesleyan body, and wor- shipped at the Semaphore Church, being one of the main supports of the local assembly, although he did not fill any important office. The Orient Line R.M.S. Orizaba left Albany on Saturday morning, and is expected to arrive at Largs Bay at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morn ing. Some heavy showers of rain fell in Adelaide and the suburbs during Saturday night and Sunday morning. The German barque Meridian, which arrived on Sunday, experienced thick weather in coming up the gulf and ran aground near Glenelg, but with the assistance of the tugs Stanley, Jessie Darling, and Yatala came off with the flood tide and was towed to the roadstead. Both disappointment and surprise were expressed by several of the visiting team of Victorian footballers on finding that the telegraph authorities were unable to afford an operator at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday afternoon, as it was thus rendered impossible for a report of the match to be smartly transmitted to Melbourne where news of its progress was eagerly awaited. It is scarcely necessary to say that at all the principal recreation grounds of Victoria every tele graphic facility is provided during the progress of cricket and football matches alike. The omission on Saturday is all the more regret table as a telegraph wire is laid on to the ovaL On enquiry at the telegraph-office we were informed that it was impossible to provide an operator owing to the shortness of the present staff, due largely to the recent dismissal of four of the best telegraphists in the Govern ment service. On Saturday evening the market gardeners appointed by the delegates' meeting and the respective branches met at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel as a committee to consider the advisability of forming a co-operative society and the erection of a new market. There was a large attendance, and Mr. J. j .forming voted to the chair. The follow ing resolutions were carried: —" L That this meeting as representative of the gardening and producing interests of this colony form ourselves into a co-operative union, its objects being the establishment of a new market, sup plying stares, &c.;" "2. That the following gentlemen be a committee, with power to add, to carry the above into effect:— Messrs. A. Hendry, J. Mack, A. W. Lewis, J. Jennings, E. D. Hanson, W. Rowland, and T. Oliver." "3. That the committee be authorised to take immediate steps to invite offers for a block of land for market purposes." The annual dinner of the S.A. Gardeners' Society was held at Jackman's rooms on Saturday evening, Mr. J. Laughton (vice president) occupying the chair. Between 30 and 40 gentlemen were present. After the usual loyal toasts Mr. O. Tepper gave "The president and officers." In doing so he ex pressed the regret which all present felt at the absence of the president (his Honor the Chief Justice). Mr. Edwin Smith responded. The chairman proposed "The South Australian Gardeners' Society." The society was pro gressing satisfactorily and had an excellent librae, good officers, and practical men among its members. It was a source of great satis faction that it was proposed to irrigate the plains of Adelaide and no doubt gardeners would greatly benefit from it. Ij was also a matter of congratulation tliat the Government Farm was not to be cut up for working men's blocks. (Cheers.) Moiv of these were not needed except in places when* the men could get work. (Hear, hear.) It wnh v ith much pleasure that he proposed the toast. Mr. E. Smith replied. The society had been in existence for a good man)' years and had been very useful. Many practical papi>i« had been read and the exhibits had also been highly interesting. The memory of Mr. lugleby, a former president, was duly honored, and the toast of " The press" was also pro jKwd. Various songs and recitations were given during the evening. The relaying of the Wallaroo and Moonta tramway line for the purpose of carrying a locomotive is being vigorously pushed on under the «upeiiiitendence of . Mr. Mann. The heaviest work at the junction with the yards at the new jetty will (toon be completed so far as cutting and forming the track an.- concerned. Gangs of men are aisd #t work widening tli9 embankments and making .ill necessary altera tions preparatory to the laying1 p( the rail*. The work, which it was thought worild take sue months to complete, will probably be finished in a much shorter period. The local ploer writes that quite a canvas town baa beeir erected about two miles south of Wallaroo by the men employed. In view of the probable agitation for a further supply of boring plant for South Aus tralia the Port Augusta Dispatch suggests that Parliamentary economists should find out tha extent of our "drilling" possessions, which are at present lying idle in different parts of the colony as well as two diamond drills belong ing to Government which are not being u*ed. The fine plant which has been so successfully worked at Richman Valley has been shifted to Port Augusta, where it will possibly find storage accommodation for an indefinite period—a kind of supplementary asset to that already possessed in the thousands of pounds' worth of scooping machinery which lias lain on the west side for the last couple of years. The Port Augusta paper publishes the sub joined letter which was recently received by- Mr. J. Holdsworth, hon. secretary of the losal School of Mines committee from Mr. J. J. East, assistant-director of the Adelaide School of Mines and Industries:—"fan instructed to inform you that your letter of June 2 was duly considered at the meeting of the council of the South Australian School of Mines and Industries, held on Monday, June 8. Tha council approve of the nominations for local committee of management, and have allocated out of the grant-in-aid. for the establishment of branch schools the sum o £25. This amount will be paid into such bank as the committee may authorise to collect the same by procura tion order in usual form." The Port Augusta people are Very anxious that a start should be made at once to con struct the telegraph line from Point Lowly to Port Augusta. The local paper states that all surveys have been completed, and that a num ber of the condemned rails lying in the Pott Augusta railway-yard have been bored with a view of utilising them for telegraph, poles. If a little energy is shown and operations com menced without wasting further time ship captain? who visit Spencer's Golf during the coming season may be enabled to avail them, selves of the'advantage of a coastal telegraph station. Some agitation has been going on relative to the advisability of laying a cable across the gulf to Port Pine, butlto carry a cable across a channel where vessels of aU. descriptions are in the habit of casting anchor by night and by day would simply mean in viting breakages and consequent periodical in convenience to shipmasters. Considerable interest is taken in the Hind march handicap chees tourney. On Thursday evening there were sixteen persons at the local institute chessroom, including Mr. V. J. Pavia, of the Adelaide Chess Club. Theresulfcj of the play were 'as follow:—Mr. A. Vardon won for Mr. F. King, Mr. EL Hun wick from Mr. C. Johns, Mr. H. J. Day from Mr. T. Harkness, and Mr. R. Hindley from Mr. J. E. Mitton. The members of the Holdfast Bay Yacht Club, by special invitation from Mr. O. G. Millar, visited the steam yacht Saide'at Larg* Bay on Saturday afternoon. The visitors were escorted by Vice-Commodore Luxmoore, and were accompanied by some of the members of the Royal S.A. Yacht Squadron, to which fleet the Saide belongs. The beautiful lines of die vessel, her tapering masts and taunt smart air, were greatly admired by the yachting critics, who after examining her qualities as a vessel went below and partook of luncheon in the saloon. The sixth round of the winter tournament in connection with the Norwood Chess Club was played off on Saturday, the result being that Messrs. Hawkes, Henderson, Hilton, Kerr, and Sibbald defeated Messrs. Henderson, Latblean, Lathlean, Hilton, and Brooks respec tively. The games between Messrs. Armitage and Watt, Belcher and Vaughan, Harrison and Weiss, and Cashmore and Mander were adjourned. Inconsequence of the wet weather the attendance was not so great as it would otherwise have been, and only ten additional games were got through. The pairings Mr this week are as follow:—Sibbald v. Ayliffe, Hilton v. A. B. Cashmore, Armitage v. Weiss, Belcher v. Mander, Vaughan r. Eimer, Kerr v. Watt, and Armitage v. Latblean. Several of the adjourned games will also be played off. On Saturday the V.M.C. A. Rambling Club held their^ usual gathering. Paradise was chosen as the spot to be visited, Mr. W. EL Ind having kindly invited the ramblers to in spect his grounds, &c; At 2.30 p.m. the party leftjthe rooms, Gawler-place, and walked to Mr. Ind's residence. That gentleman met them at the gate and conducted them over his garden. The ramblers then availed themselves of the hospitality of Mrs. Ind, and after singing grace sat down to a sumptuous repast. Having done full justice to the provisions an adjourn ment was made to the drawing-room and ringing and music were indulged in. Mr. G.M. Hender son proposed and Mr. A. S. Wilson seconded a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mis. Ind for their kindness, which was carried with cheers. Mr. Ind replied, stating the great pleasure it afforded him to be able to entertain the young men. "God be with you till we meet again" was sung and the ramblers left for die city, which was reached at 7.40 p.m. Half tha return journey was madeon foot, the remainder by car. Despite the rough weather there was a muster of 25. A sale of useful articles of clothing took place at the Day Nursery, Gilles-street, on Saturday. The goods wore from the willing workers of Port Elliot and North Adelaide, and the ladies of both places, who are led by Mrs. G. H. Hussey and Mrs. Thompson, de serve great credit for the really useful lot of clothing especially suited for winter weather which they supplied. Owing to the web weather the sale was not so successful as it otlienvi.se would have been, but during the afternoon and evening the creche was visited by a number of women, who were able to pur chase at a cheap rate some most useful articles. Mcsdamess Gall. Tyas, and Underwood, the Misses Kell, and Nurses Tunney and Daley, and the ladies mentioned above rendered assis tance at the sale. Mrs. Corbin, who has always manifested such a deep interest in this excellent institution, is away in England, but she did not forget the creche, as she forwarded a parcel of clothing, and her sons, Mr. C. and Master H. Corbin (hon. secretary and hon. treasurer) attended and gave their services. Some sis months ago the nursery was removed from King William- street to the present com modious premises. The building comprises seven rooms, and at the rear is a fine yard, which makes a capital playground for the young sters who from day to day visit theestablishment. In Kurses Tunney and Daley the creche has two excellent ladies who take great care of tha little ones who are sent there whilst their mothers go out and work. As many as 25 children have attended in one day, but tha number varies according to the employment obtained by the mothers. The Local Court offices have been removed to the old Police Court buildings. The buoy which has been returned to its position on the coast of Ceylon was given in •Saturday's issue as the " Grudewah."' It should have been the Guidurah buoy. We have received £1 2s. Sd., which was col lected on Sunday afternoon at the meeting of the Total Abstinence Campaign in the Botanic Park, in aid of the Gooley fund. We have received from the local agents of the company, Messrs. J. Rawlings & Son, an excellent colored man of Northern Queensland, issued by the North Queensland Insurance Company. The map is a very complete one and shows the various steamer routes and the railway lines running through tne northern portion of Queensland. It is announced elsewhere that the partner ship hitherto existing between Mr. P. McM. Glynn and E. Heuzenroeder, as solicitors, is dissolved, and that Mr. E. Heuzenroeder and Mr. W. K. Heuzenroeder have entered into partnership as solicitors. Mr. W. E. Heuzen roeder took his degree as LL.B. at the recent University examinations. At the Democratic Club on Sunday evening Mr. A. Variey delivered an address on " Thoughts on democracy and its workl" Mr. T. W. Allen (vice-president) presided over a good attendance. The leading features ani iH-inciples of democracy were explained by Uw U-otiuvr, with s-|Kvial regard to the question! of the incidence oi taxation and the settlement ot imputation ou tin- land, Ihe lecturer was well received and at the conclu-siun of lil-> adJiv^-i was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Yet another family magazine ha.* been addcJ to the long list of those which an? published every -week for the amusement and instruction of English-reading people. The new- penny worth is called Golden Oatf/, and its editress is John Strange Winter (Sirs. Arthur Stannard), the author of "Iiootle"« Baby" and other popular works of fiction. A copy of the first monthly uumber, which contaiu-> four of the weekly parts, has been sent to us •by Messrs. E. S. "Wigg 4 Co. Kach of these Weekly issues is complete in itself, and the con ductor promises that two tales "by the moit popular authors of the day" 5 sliall bt? presented regularly, that there bhall be no ghost stories, and that the whole magazine shall be " bright, Ijreezv, and thjJKwguly wholesome iv toae." The opening volume hi? an autograph portrait of Mrs. Stannard as a frontispiece, and the reading" matter fully confirms the yroati^e of the introduction. At about a quarter past 1 o'clock on Saturday morning Charlotte Jones, wife of Satuuel Joues, of OsmondJprrace, Norwood, re|X>rted to the Korwood police that her little .son had ju*t found an old mas named John King, aged 7<5 years, dead in bed in a three-roomed house situated on Osniond-tei-racv. Mrs. Joluu stated that she was in the liabit of sending a cup of tea to the deceased by her son every morning, as he was very feeble. Lance-Corporal Overington, of Norwood, reported that he had visited the house and esuunined the body. The man had*evidently been dead several hours. He was last seen alive between 7 and 8 o'clock on Friday evening by the little b3y Jones, who gave him & cup of tea and lit a fire for him. The house was entirely destitute of furniture, with the exception of an old bed and a box. lie found some letters and from these it appears that there is a daughter of deceased's living at Broken Hill and a son at Mount Ryan. They have been telegraphed to, informing them of the decease of their father. The corporal also found is. <>d. on the mantle piece and a post-office order for £1 enclosed in & letter sent him by a nephew addressed from Bondi, ?w South Wales. The coroner was informed, but deemed an inquest unnecessary. Mr. G. H. Buttery will give an address before the members of the jL'nited Kurniture Trade Society at S p.m. this evening on the SaUaiat Conference. The fourteenth anniversary of the Loyal South Australia, No. L, 1.0.0. F., will be celebrated by a dinner to be held at the Sel borne Hotel this evening. The firvt meeting of shareholders in the Leigh's Creek South Coal 3finin? Company •will be held at the Exchauge-rooin, Towu Hall, this morning. ■ An extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Adelaide, Unley, and Miteham Tramway Company, Limited, will be held at the offices of the company, Uni versal Buildings, Grenfeu-street, to-day. 