AMUSMENTS Dramatic Gossip. BARRY SULLIVAN. The death of Mr. Barry Sullivan this week [says the Saturday Review of 9th May) removes from the stage perhaps the last exponent of the old-fashioned school of histrionic art. Mr. Sullivan, like most of his contemporaries of forty years ago, was apt to tear a passion to tatters . . . still, in Shakspearian parts ho undoubtedly preserved many important tradi tions handed down through generations of artists from Betterton. Mr. Sullivan, who was born in 1821, made his first appearance in Lon don at the Haymarket in " Hamlet" in 1852. . . . Barring his Shakspearian parts, hit repertoire consisted of pieces which a Jin dt s&cU; audience would most certainly "guy"— 11 Love's Martyrdom," "The Gamester," "Re tribution," "The Stranger," and "Bolla," for instance. . . . Our recollection of Mr. Barry Sullivan's Richard 111. is » pleasant one, although to be sure he made Richard uncommonly and loudly dis agreeable, and was totally lacking in that subtlety which is so necessary for the perfect delineation of the part. In the tent scene, in which Richard sees the ghosts, Mr. Barry Sullivan was impressive enough; and in the death scene, on the Field of Boaworth, he was terribly intense. He could boast that he had played Hamlet 3000 times, and Richard 2500. . . . As a man Mr. Sullivan was an orna ment to his profession, and he leaves behind him a pleasant memory as a distinguished artist and gentleman. The first of the English critics to recognise the talent of Barry Sullivan was the late Edward Whitty, who at the time was on the staff of a Liverpool newspaper. Years after when poor Whitty was dying in Melbourne one of his most constant and his very kindest visitors was the actor whom long before he bad befriended. Whitty was the guest of relatives to whom he was dear, and who bestowed upon him every oare and attention, but Sullivan would not be satisfied without himself bringing all sorts of delicacies to the dying man. And when the end came it was Sullivan's generous hand whioh raised to the memory of the gifted journalist the beautiful white marble monu ment in Kew Cemetery, whioh bears in letters of gold the dead man's name and the tribute of the grateful artist.—[Ed. Dramatic Gossip.] 