shipp:pi&. Wednesday.— High water; 0.41 aitn., 10p.m. i Sun rises 7.6 a.m ; sets, 5.3 p.m. ; Moon ' rises, 8.52 a. in.; sets, G. 40 pan. Thursday.— High wator, 10.18 a.m., 10,30 p.m. ; Sun rises, 7.0 a.m. ; sets, 5.4 pan. ; Moon rises, 9.2Sa.m.: sets, 7.40 p.m. Friday. — High water, 10.53 a.m., 11.10 p.m.; Sun rises, 7.6 a.m. ; sets, 5.4 p.m.; Mcon rises, 10 a.m.; sots, 8.3G p.m. ARRIVALS.— July 7. Ardthore, bqe., 1091 tons, Captain R. White, from Adolaidc. Janut Nicoll. str., 779 tons, Captain II. M'Luan, from tho Bluff, Frod. W. Jackson, agent. July 8. Electro, str., 395 tons, Captain E. Farroll, from Maoleay Rivor. Passengers : McsdiunoS Bond, Lewis, Miss Perrin, Messrs. O. O. Danger, M.L.A., A. Verge, F. M'Caffroy, J. Buenbold, Musters Verge (2) ; nlso II in tho second cabin. C.I1. and M.R.S.N. Co., agents. Rosedalo, str., 274 tons, Captain L. Paul son, from Manning River. Passengers : Mrs. Powell and family, Mrs. Nicholson and family, Mesdamcs Bradbury, Lynsay, Misses Lynsiiy, Thomson, Messrs. E. Brewer, J. Lynsay, A. Bull, Hooper, Master Gilbert ; also 7 in tho second cabin. John Soound Co., agents. Lizard, H.M.S., Oguns, Captain G. Bremer, from Brisbane. Karaweern, str., 1477 tons, Captain W. B. Blown, from Adelaido. Bega, str., 5U7 tons. Captain W. 0. Hersee, from Eden. I.S.N. Co., agents. Allowne, str., 505 tons, Captain G. Walker, from northern ports. I.S.N. Co., agents. Mnitlnnd, str., 880 tons. Captain R. E. Mannigol, from Newcastle. H.ltN.S.N. Co., agents. Boomerang, str., 655 tons, Captain R. J. Skinner, from Newcastle. N.S.S. Co., agents. Coraki, str., 326 tons, Captain Evnns, from . Newcastle. C.R. and M.ll.S.N. Co., agents. DEPARTURES. -July 7. Rotokiuo, str., for Auckland. Bareoo, str., for Melbourne. Rodotido, str., for Melbourne, Adelaide and Port l'irie. Konoowarra, str., for Brisbane and northern ports. Coriuna, str., for Eden and Launceston. July 8. Island City, bqe., for Noumea. Tekapo, str., for Newcastle. PROJECTED DEPARTURES, The steamers announced to sail to-morrow aro i — For Tonga and Samoa : Lubeok, 7 a-m, Wellington and ports : Tekapo, 5 p.m. Hobort. via Eden : Oonah, noon. Betry : Brinnwnrn, 9 p.m. Maeleay Ilivor: Electra, .10 a.m. Claroneo River: Australian, 9 p.m. Port Mncquario : Wellitlgtou. Nambucca River (transhipping at Port Macquavio) : Wellington (cargo only). Newcastle: Sydney, 11.30 ; Uwydir (cargo only). IMPORTS. Ardmore, from Adelaide : 13,810 sks wheat. EXPORTS. Rotokino, for Now Zealand : 14 cs fruit, 360 bgs bones, 1050 bgs bonedtut, 23,000ft timbor, 71 piles, 45 cs sewing machines, 2500 tons eoal, and sundries. Rodondo, for Molbourno, Adelaido aud Port Pirio : 500 hides, 282 brs iron, 200 drms 10 brls 15 hhds tar, 80 stones, 340 cs fruit, 58 tons shalo, 60 tons salt, 60 tons coal, and sundries. Elingauiite, for Adelaide : 20 cs sheep, 1800 tons coal, 400 sheep, and sundries. Bareoo, for Melbourne : 351 es tobacco, 1987 cs fruit, 21 pkgs tea, 3814 bnebs bananas, 264 pkgs dental goods, 22 bags rice, 200 rls wire, 40 bgs apples, and sundries. Konoowarra, for Queensland ports : 1000 cs candles, 320 sks flour, 283 ingts copper, 20 bgs turnips, 1.025 bgs potatoes, 187 bgs oats, 195 bgs bark, 150 cs 10 csks spirits, 40 legs 12 . bxs butter, 127 plcgs tea, 50 tus coal, and sun dries. PASSENGERS BOOKED. Per A.U.S.N. Co.'s steamship Wodonga, leaving at 4 p.m. to-day for Bris- bano and northern ports : Mesdamcs Strokarck, Gilfillan, Albert, Tunnor, Royce, Grundy, Cotton, and Holmes, Misses Healey, Cobb, Everett, Dale, Osborne, Caseliis, Ward, Clifford, Do Llssa, Jones, Russell, E. Leo, Taylor, Caldwell, Wiseman, J. Drano, Miller, Mylne, Gurnor, Box, A. Bede, Rinnard, Vernon, K. Follor, M'Kay, Torrance, A. Pottor, M. Pollard, Lewis, Franks, Bacclnis, Peatty, Gwynue, May Pollard. Eluio Cameron, Lovol, Flora Gnmpnor, M. Melrose, F. Young, Violet Varley, Hartigan, and M. English ; Rev. A. Miller, llov. J. T. M'lntyro, Rev. A. Sutherland, Rev. Dr. Steel, Rev. R. A. Steel, Rov. James Cook, Jliv. A. Doctor, Mossrs. Henry Bracy, W. Elton, E. Rylcy, Albert, Frisco, Briggs, Ambrose, Aus tin, Lissant, llosmer, Neilson, Granmnnu, Beainont, Eosovier, Cane, Grundy, Leslie, Gresbam, Sidney Deano. H. Vernon, Leon Caron, W. J. Holt, J. Brook, Garson, Wors- ley, J. Cook, H. Wiseman, Frank Baths, E. Merrillees, J. S. Merrilleos, F. Dixon, E. Mansfield, W. Hardil), Salisbury, Campbell, Shcphord.Rchau, Inguiro, Crane. Jlingott, Wat son, Ilumph, Lupton, Connelly, Hardy, Pollard, Costello, Baliuour, W. Ford, Graupner, F. S. Small, E. Griffiths, A. Rowley, G. Wise, W. Green, F. Meredith, W. Todd, Floggart, W. H'Naughton, W. T. Fisher and W. Mon- toith ; also 25 in the second cabin. Per N.G.L. steamship Lubeok, leaving at 7 a.m. to-morrow for Tonga and Samoa : — Mr,', and Miss Symoqds, Rev, J. G. Moulton, Messrs. G. Woehtmeister, and V. W. Chris tian ; also, 1 in tho second cabin. Per A.U.S.N. Co.'s steamship Rockton, leaving at 8 a.m. to-morrow for Noumen, Suva and Lovuka : Mcsdames Lamburn, Solomon and Robbie, Misses Irvine, Marks and Thompson, Messrs.' F. G. Carter, S. J. Solomon and J. , Lamburn ; also 23 in the second cabin. ' TELEGRAPHIC. Newcastle. — Arrivals, July 7: Verillamy, bque, from Wallaroo; Agenor, ship, from PortPirie. July 8.: Sydney, Gwydir, Neme sis, strs, from Sydney. Departures, July 7 : Lottie, , sell, for Kiuuia; Ellen, bque, for Noumea; Norkoowa, str, for Melbourne. Mkluqckne. — Arrivals, July 7 : Pateena, str., from Launceston; Killton, ship, from Livorpool ; Loch Vennaoher, ship, from Glas gow. Bkisbake. — Arrivals, July 7 : Kingswcar, str.,- from Townsville ; Ranolngh, str., from Rockhamnton. Departures, July 7: Durham, str., for Newcastle ; Viotoria, str., for BurUe- town ; Murkara, R.M.S., for London ; Dicky, str., for Townsville. Adelaide.— Arrivals, July 7 : Barrahool, str., Lady Ruthven, ship, from Middles- borough; Ballaarat, R.M.S., from London ; Bancoora, str., from Calcutta. Departures, July 8 : Ballaarat, R.M.S., for Molbourno and Sydney. MARITIME RECORD. Provision for Poor Jack. — Burgled Passengers. — Tho British Underwriters have extended their business from risks on ships and freight to tho indemnifying passengers for Iubs or damage of their luggage uv burglars. Some very nice questions will no doubt lie raised by tho philanthropic insurunco men as to what constitutes a burglary of passengers' effects en board ship, and how tho fact is to bo proved in cnHo the goods disappear, say on the voyage from London to Sydney, and no evidence bo forthcoming on behalf of tho unfortunato pas senger as to tho existence of tho burglar. This is ono phase of marino insurance, no doubt of importance in certain circles, but tlioro can bo no question of tho effort which is being made whereby seamen may bo collec tively brought to participate in an insurance fund. Hithertoat was impossible for a sailor to elfcct an insurance, either on his lifo or to furnish a retiring nllownnco in his old age, owing to tho heavy fees and the natural objec tion that blue jackets, as a rule, have to con sider tho future. Tho uowiy-forinud and powerful British shipping federation, in which tho groat Australasian linos aro included, aro now promulgating a scheme by which seamen in all tho vessels may bo onabled to participate in an insurance fund. This, it is hoped, will be brought about by tho federation assisting tho seamen by pay ing a portion of their premium. The co-opera tion of tho Seamen's and Firemen's Unions is now only required to bring tho scheme into operation. It is worthy of record that tho Union Steamship Co. of New Zealand have already initiated a similar movement for the seamen and firemen under tho Union flag. "Missing" Vessels Safe.— "Fairplay," by yesterday's mail, set at rest a good deal of uneasiness regarding tho snfoty of the qhip Dumfriesshire, from Newcastle to a South American port, and tho ship Selkirkshire, from Sydney to London. Tho Dumfriesshire arrived safely at her destination on May 29, after a passage of 83 days, and, after tho in surance premium on her had advanced to 76 guineas por cent. Tho Selkirkshire was being done at 5 guineas per cont. when the vessel turned up safely. English .underwriters, in ordor to turn tho proverbial penny several timed in a business way apparently havo no hesitation in causing widespread anxiety by thoir cry of " missing vessel " when tho vessel did not havo more than time to roach her destination. Money-making by honest means can be carried a step too far, and making a fleet of missing vessels each year will soon carry a very effective remedy— no one will believe the report. Broken Uf. — It appears that tno ketch Moses Flotcher cannot innko an overland trip across tho breakwuter at Moruya ih order to retrace the course forced oh her by the reeeiit gale when she was cast nsboro. Her keelson is sprung, keel and sternpost gone, timbers broken, deck started, rocks through the bot tom, and bilgo stove in. An Australian Vessel Under the Russian Flag. — "Fairplay" announces the sale of tile Anglo- Australasian Co.'s steamship Port Augusta to the Russian Steam Naviga- tiou Co. of Odessa, and will be employed by the company in cominoreiul purposes during the time that the empire remains at poaeo; but tile fast, handsome vessel will lie utilised for war purposes when tho Government re quire hor services. To replace tho Port Augusta and also auglnoilt tho fleet to the strength shown requisito for the Australian trade, the celobrated "Port" linors will be increased by three improved Port Carolines. The vessels are now on tho stocks, and if the intention of tho owners aro carried out tlioy will bo fast enough for mail purposes, and for passenger re quirements will bo simply unsurpassed. Mossrs. Dalgety and Co., tile managing agents of tho lino in Australia, aro to bo congratu lated on sucli huccoss having attended their management of the lino. Improvement to the Harbor of Port land.— Richmond reBidonts when tlioy think of their bar-blocked rivor turn green with envy when tlioy consider the barber improve ments that are being effected by tho Vic torian Government m many places along tho const where nature never in tended to lecnto a port. Geelong lias been scooped out to sucn an extent that the largest vessels can now load there with snfot-y, and Portland has been rondoretl aSsafe for sliippiug as its English namesake. The boat liarbui', which has been in courso of con struction during the last two years, is now finished. It provides excellent shelter for a largo number of fishing boats. Tho design of tho work is that of an open viaduct, extending f from tho shore for a distanco of 700ft. This is to all- -w free movement for the shore current, at timos very strong, and to prevent tho scouring which it was feared would take place on both sides of tho structure. At the extremity of tho viaduct the solid work begins, and consists of a break water of close pile work filled in with rubble stono. On the outer side is an apron of heavy stones, tlioso in the tup layer weighing two tons oacli. Tbe_ whole work forms a coinpleto breakwater, but it is not, as in the cose of the Warrnnmbool work, designed for the double purpose of a breakwater and pier. The resi dents whilst admitting tho boat harbor is sufficient to meet tho present requirements of the port, point out that tho fishing fleet is rapidly increasing, and that in a short time there will not bo sulfioiont accommodation. In .these circumstances an agitation is ou foot to get tho breakwator extended unothor 100ft. The Boomerang.— The N.3.S. Co.'e steamer Boomerang, Captain Skinner, loft Newcastle at 7.10 last night and arrived at tho Sydney wharf at 3.10 this morning after a fine weather passage. Her cargo com prised : — 30 drms wood oil, 50bgs pump kins, 120 bis bay, 250 scks potatoes and turnips, 8 tns castings, 50 bides, 7 calves, 80 cs fruit, 30 csks butter, empties, 7 bis skins, 110 pigs, 1 pony and 27 pkgs sundries. Tub Union Co.'s Intercolonial Fleet.— The Rotokino left Sydney yesterday for Auck land : tho Manapouri, from Sydney, arrived at Auckland yesterday and returns to Sydney to-day ; the Pohorua loft Lyttolton for Sydney yesterday. 1X.M.S. Lizard. — This gunboat, from tho Queensland coast, returned to Farm Cove this morning. A Strange Wreck. — A Bega correspondent reports that the discovery of tho charred re mains of a schooner, 50ft. in length, bedded in sand, has been made on the coast between the mouth of Bega Iiiver and Nelson's Lake. No ono remembers a wreck to have occurred at tho spot. Tiie Clitus, from Calcutta.— The steam ship Clitus, of Arehd. Currie and Co.'s lino of Calcutta traders, is to arrive hero to-morrow morning with a full cargo of Calcutta exports, the leading lines being juto goods, tea ana castor oil. The Clitus continues to do good work iu tho Calcutta-Australian trade, for which sho was specially constructed, and sho perseveres in the accomplishment of successful passages. Tho Clitus left Calcutta on May 31 at 3.30 p.m., and landed tho pilot at Band Heads at 10.40 a.m. on Juno 4. Strong S.W. monsoons and a high head sea were encountered down tho Bay of Bengal, and af tor crossing tho equator strong S.E. winds and a heavy nead sea were mot with to lat. 20deg. S. From this parallel until arrival tho winds were strong from S.W. to N.W., and with them there was a nasty cross sea. Tho weather also was thick and rainy, and altogether as disagreeable as need be. lort Phillip Heads were entored on Thursday morning, and proceeded up the rivor to tho wharf to discharge tho Melhourno portion of her cargo. When she had comploted this she was taken into dock for olcamng and painting, and yesterday she continued hor voyage to Sydney. Imperial Tax on Seamen.— Tho Imperial Inland Revenue authorities havo published a notice drawing. tho attention of shipowners, masters, broker's and others to tho fact that seiunen'B advance notes issued under the autho rity of section 2 of tho Merchaut Shipping Act, 1889, aro liable to stamp duty under tho head "'bill of exchange" in tho schedule to the Stamp Act, 1870. Sueh notes must therefore be drawn en paper bearing an impressed (not an adhesive) stamp of the propor amount, viz., whore tho amount or valuo of the money for which tho note is drawn or uiado does not ex ceed £0, Id.; exeeetls £5, and does net exceed £10, 2d. Evory person who issues, endorses, transfers, negotiates, presents for payment, or pays any such note not being duly stamped is iiablo to a penalty of £10. From Port Macquarie.— Mossrs. John See and Co, 'a steamer Rosodalo arrived in Sydney from Port Macquarie at 11.30 a.m. to- day. Resumed Her Voyage.— The barque Island City, which put in hero on Juno 27 in distress, when on a voyage from Nowcastlo to Noumea with coal, effected repairs aud resumed her voyago this morning. Berthings and Removals.— Tho American ship 1'iussia, after discharging hor Puget Sound lumber, has gone to tho stream, pre paratory to proceeding to Noweastle to load coal for San Francisco. Tho Norwegian barque Emerald, with timber from Fredorick- stadt, lias bortlied at Ellis' Wharf. The British iron barque Baroda, with breadstulfs from Adelaide, lias berthed at Dalton's Wharf. The Richmond Bar.— Should the time arrive for tho Richmond residents to see a week elapse without ono of thoir trading steamers piling up on tho bar or crossing it will bo a period of surprise and an omen of some surprising change in their affairs. As mutters aro now the bar carries ono, and somotimos two and three vessels per week— each piled up with every prospeot of becoming a hopeless wreck. Tho attention of the Government has boon directed in vain to the matter. Tlioy voted a largo Bum of money for the breakwater, but there their responsibility ceased, and a portion of the breakwater was constructed in suoh a manner as to. bring about tho almost immediate olosing . of tho river. Scarcely a day passes without tho news flashes along the wireB, " Anothor steamer ashore on tho Richmond bar." So much has this been the ease lately that little or nonotico is taken when a steamer is cast ashore. Tho Wyrallah, speciuily built for tho trade, went nsboro on tho orossing a few days ugo. To-day she is reported to bo ashore again. Under the French Flag.—1 Tho barque Ousuri, of 372 tons, built at Armistod in 1863, which lias done such good scrvico in tho Aus tralian trade, and more particularly of Into under hor Adelaido owners, has gone over to tho French flag. Mossrs, Ghost and Jewett, a Sydney shipping firm, havo disposed of the vessel to tho Now Caledonia Co., a company which recently purchased tho old Aus tralian packet Hero, and is doing so muoli to advance tho trndo and prosperity of tho French colony. Tho vensel is to leave Newcastle to-day for Noumea, under tho French flag, with a cargo of coal, and on ar rival sho will outer on her new trade. Alono the Coast This Morning.— Tho steamer Endeavour is ready for sea in Bruns wick Rivor. A Retail pa sxl Moruya north at 6,20, and the steamSb Taglinforro at 9. A skin gamo is ono where the other man makes the money. Give a fisherman an inch worm and he'll take an o.ol. Tho evils of tho tobacco hubit liavo been forcibly illustrated in the case of a woman 110 years old, wlio was burned to death while smoking a pipe iu bed. Had it not been for this unfortunate weakness she might have lived to a ripo old ago. 