HE !kyi'v/ By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY and HENRY HERMAN. [Published bv special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTEB XI.-TContinued). Mr. Morton'drew the clumsy three-legged stool he sat on close to his companion's side, and stooping over him laid a soothing hand upon his shoulder. .. . " Tell me all about it, WynnQ, ho said in a kindly sympathetic voice. "I tliiuk J know in honest man when I see one." . ' The story was rankling in Harry's unnd anew and it was a relief to tell it. . " About nine months ago I lost about thretf hundred pounds at ecarte one night at the Five Year-Old Club. I am not proud of myself now for having played beyond my means, arid' I suppose I pretty well deserved everything that came out of it. I found a man who did a bill for me at tlireo months, and when the time came I couldn't meet it. I tried my honest best, but he was in an awful hole himself and j couldn't wait, or at any rate he said so." ? "Who was your obliging friend?" asked Morton smiling^-. His companion was talc ing him on to familiar ground. " A man named Whale. Herbert Whale." " Oh !" said Morton, smiling more broadly. "The fellow they call Hump? He's a very nice man. Champagne and cigars, eh? Five hundred-per cent, per annum." - "You know him?'cried Harry. J i "I know of him,", said Morton. "Who has knocked about London who doesn't? Shall I ! finish your story for you?" . | " Do you think you cansaid Harry. ! " I can try. Let us suppose that Mr. Whale is very desperately pi-essed for money. He knows a jeweller who will sell you anything, and wait until the crack of doom for payment. A most obliging fellow. :Your uncle .will take the jewels, Butterfield won't ask more than thirty* per cent, over their value._ And when you've been innocently guilty of illegal pawn ing Mr. Whale and Mr. Butterfield will put the screw on your noble relatives. . Was i Captain Heatpn in it ? Ah ! I thought so. He's: ; got the. whip-hand of the other pair. It's an old i trick, 'my boy. It's been played over and I over again, it seldom fails. _ They seem to have made a hash of it in your case, but they did very well with young Lascelles and young Crawford last year, and I suppose they have somebody else in tow by this time." Harry did not stop to enquire how this in timate knowledge of affairs fitted with Morton's earlier aspect of wounded coldness. He was ! mainly occupied in savouring a new bitterness. He had been gulled by a device so stale that a stranger hearing half the story could fill in the rest for him. He had known himself .a .victim, and had now to confess himself a greenhorn, which, /or a greenhorn, _ is as un-. pleasant a thing as can be well imagined. I "You should never have come aM'ay," con [ tinued Morton, working towards his own pur ; pose. "A clover solicitor would have pulled you through in safety. They dare not have fought the case. But in running away you have thrown up everything. If the case went before a jury now .they would convict to a certainty. You're expatriated for life, and that's the plain English of it. You dare not show up again." "No ?' said Harry. " As soon as ever I can cross a hoise again back I go. I'll have it out with these scoundrels and tell the truth whatever it may cost me." ; "That's all very well," said Mr.. Morton, pursuing his role of man of the world, "if you had any witnesses to prove anything for you. but I'll warrant that Messrs. Whale and Butterfield were too smart to give you that chance. You saw them alone. You have no evidence of their complicity, and I'll bet what you like that Whale asked you to tear up the . bill when it came back into your hands. Did he?" . "Of course he did." " Of course he did. And you obliged him ? ! of course, again. Tliat bill was your only bit of evidence, and you threw it away. ; Before you talk of going back again look things in the face. Youul go into the dock to be tried for ; fraud. The witnesses against you are of [ course the people who bring the charge, i You have no witnesses to call Your, own I nioutli is closed, by the law, and you are. not i allowed to say a word.. Whatever your solici . tor says for you is tainted and not worth a | straw. You get at least a year, and probably | two. You have completed your ruin, and the . ! prison brands you for life. Stay where you are,: Wynne... Stay where you are." ' There was no doubting that the advice was . eminently practical and wise, and there was little doubt, if any, in Harry's mind that the programme his companion laid down would . be fulfilled't,o the letter if he returned to Eng land. He made no answer, and the theme. Was allowed to drop. Morton stooped and ^ patted him softly on the shoulder, and went away with aii admirable delicacy into the open air. . . The theme was buried, but its ghost walked in broad daylight. Morton turned cynioin his speech and railed against the world. The worthlessness of reputation became a favorite theme with him.. . "If I were wrongfully suspected and pro scribed as you have been,' he.said, ".I believe I,should be tempted to turn adventurer. I'd take it out of the beggars somehow. It should go hard if I didn t better the things they brought against me." _ , This, as a mere explosion of sympathetic wrath was passable.: Harry had no dream of its being anything more than that, and so let it go by without response. Morton let the seed lie, but he had no idea on how stony a ground it had fallen. Even his most friendly sympa thiser could hardly deny that Harry Wynne had been a fool, but a conscious temptation to dis honor had never so much as presented itself to him. He was honest to the bone and could no more help it than he could help being six feet high. The subtle Morton plied all the tools of his agrioulture, threw his seed broadcast, and watched for signs of growth. . None came. . He was extremely open and confidential, as he could very well afford to be since he care fully'eliminated all truth from the statements he made concerning liimself. He described familiarly that airy Kekewicli in Cheshire which Harry Wynne could not remember to have heard' of. Harry grew intimate with the place and with its inhabitants. He made acquaintance with the excellent Morton, senior, a model country squire, now lying in the churchyard of quiet Keke wich by the side of his admirable wife. The narrator could only just remember his mother, and their common early orphanage was a bond between the historian ana the listener. All this time his devotion to his suffering comrade ' was really surprising. He manufactured a rough but stalwart crutch, by the aid of whioh iii a week or two Harry began to get about again. He drew his. comrade out in the long dull days, and found a hundred devices for passing the time. He marked a square of the old newspaper for a draught board, and they played on it. with gold and silver.coins. He in-. troduced another amusement which Harry found attractive. He was a remarkable pen man and could imitate the signatures of scores of eminent people. He set his companion to work at this, and in that way they wiled away :many an hour wliicJii wpuld otherwise have been . listless and unoccupied. Napoleon's tremendous .autograph, Captaiii Man-yat's copper-plate signature, Carlyle's grim crabbed fist, Byron's < sprawl, and Dickens's self - proclamatory flourish, 'tTie&e.; aiicl coiihtless others appeared upon paper at the bidding' of 'Mr. Morton's . 'skilful fingersJ The invalid's fancy was quite enchanted by this new art. He numied it , vigorously and to his own astonishment dis co vered that he had great aptitude for it. Ronald Morton began to have hopes of his pupil, and if he could but once have broken through that unconscious hedge of natural honesty would have congratulated himself ino3t highlv. . He wanted a gentleman for his purposes, and was judge enough of what he wanted to know that he had found it in the youngest represen tative of the house of-Bridgebourne. The boy had an undeniable air of distinction, and it" was a pity to waste suoh . material' as he owned on a career of honesty. . It was a pity too that the look of honor that he wore should have been actually accompanied by the real thing. To disarm suspicion is the rogue's best game, and Mr. Morton himself was always conscious of a little difficulty, in it. Harry . Wynne would have found Ins own ingratiating airs superfluous. ?When the two companion* got to imitating each other's signatures Morton grew facetious about the business value of the art he taught. Harry met hi3 jests with an honest laugh, which never failed to disconcert him, though he always.hid his discomfiture. They had been together nearly a month before Harry's stolid, stupid honor finally blunted such implements of moral agriculture as Morton dared to bring to bear upon him. Mortou gave him up at last,-seeing clearly that thero was no hope of a confederacy between them. In the meantime war and the rumors of war were thickening about them, though lying off the one main road of the country tliey .saw nothing. Morton had al ready had enough of warlike experiences to last him for a lifetime and was eager to find a safer hiding place. He talked of pushing, across country toDalmatia,'and induced Harry to give him a half promise of companionship. The . sprained leg still made movement painful, but its uses were" rapidly returning, and'in a day or two-he hoped to be quite himself again. H ' .They woke up one morning to a scene of great'excitement. The surviving. score 'of; villagers were ,wild; with joy at the arrival of ' a- handful of Cossacks, who naturally and Wisely proclaimed themselves the advance7 guard of the main body, though as a matter of fact they were playing, the rashest roving game and bad uo supports withia seventy miles. Goucko'a cavalry was rather fond of, fcWa sort 'of knight-errantry, . and " peifkapa (..found it; e0fii£S. i^nd safer to practise in a -;'-Q<Minfcry which L"ws but one road in.it than -:dt w{)uld be-iri any btfre civilised land- Thera a Was fa the village tior a child, but the residue of the inhabitants turned out in clumsy festal style, their bearskin hats ? ornamented withribbons and cbd&ldei;* of rag»" pinned to tljeir sheepskin breasts. Ths pew arrivals ate and drank of their best, and bonncefl and swaggered as only this kind of military, ad venturer can bounce and swagger. Over whelm ing forces were] olose behind them, the wholo country was in their hands. Suleiman had been swept away at the Shipka; a . hundred thousand of their men were massed atTelicho; the war . was practically 'and gloriously over. . Bulgaria was free of the Turkish yoke, the. treaty of peace would be signed in a fortnight, ana the little father was coming down the road in' peaceful glorious military procession in a day or two. Every Balkan villager heard . thewi . fine tidings at one time or other doringthn war, and most of them lived to wish; that tim ' jjewa liad come later'and when it wsw near ful filment. (To he continued., 