Our Tuesday's Tale. THE HAUNTED BEDROOM. AMONG the number of cases upon re- i cord of a strange kind of in ischie v y ous prankish haunting, that given _ .j below is one of the best authenti ■■cated. Other .eases rest upon solidfound ationa of evidence, notably the case of*he Wesley family, that of what was called the " Stockwell ghost," and the Bingcroft c«use. But few have beeu as carefully ex amined, although, indeed, little in the way of explanation has been brought out by the process. These instances of what seems to.be the cranky mischief-making of some - waggish goblin are saiiTby the German enqtHrers into the subject to be the work of the Poltergeist. Signed de clsrations have been made of the accuracy of the facts as here given. There lived in the earlier part of the present centuiy, at Ingelfingen in Ger many, one Augustus Hahn, a man of education and philosophical learning; Jobann Gottlieb Fichte had been his tutor, and he had read deeply the writings of the* great Banl,< becoming,- as a result, a strong materialist. ■As Councillor Hahn he entered the ser vice of the Prince of Hohenlohe, and took an active part in a civil capacity in the great war between Prussia and France, which endeiLw***1^1'0 ^ ^ •dBflJI—In the course of the war, after the campaign pf lSOG, it became necessary for him to stay some time at the Castle of lieignitz, in Silesia. Therehe was glad to welcome his bid friend and schoolfellow, , Charles Kern, who, having been taken prisoner by the French, was allowed, .to ■stay at .Leignitz upon parole, pending bis exchange. 5 . The two friends occupied one room ion the-firsfcfloor of the castle.. It was,in an i angle of the building, with wihdowsiook- : ing from each outer wall north and east, ; and communicated wiflr only one other room by a glass door, tlus room co mmum- I eating with no others. . j About these two rooms, thus en suite, 1 thereisvefe no openingS^pr'fpther means by which-strangers might ientteE^ unobserved, ; or which woul perpetratioi^ b^ hutepn means of any of I the remarkable tricks which afterwards disturbed the%enants.\ Prince Hohen lohe'e two coachmen and Halm's own | valet were the only two other occupants ' of the' building. Hahn and Kern them- j selves were certainly unlikely persons to give themselves bp to ghost fancies, and less likely still to allow such fancies to frighten them. Some «days.passed quietly, and the even ings were occupied by chess and reading, until at about half-past 9 one evening, as tbey ;wece «itting at the table in the mid dle of the sroom, the caatle being perfectly quiet, several pieces of plaster struck them about the head, having apparently fallen or been thrown1 from the roof. They exarottied the .ceiling, but it was perfectly smooth ^.andi unbroken, the piepes of plaster, oa the other hand, being -quite cold, as if from out of doors, although tbe windows were shut. The occurrence was ratber-eiugulat, but failing to find any thing to account for it, they went to bBd, forgetting'it. On their awaking in the morning quite a quantity of lime was upon tbe floor,.although neither wallB or ;iling showed signs of damage. The next evening more lime was thrown,, some of -it striking Hahn about the Head, and singular sounds, as of drumming and banging, made themselves heard from walls andCeiling. This kept them awake for some time after they went to bed, and, each Relieving a practical joke by the other to be in course of perpetration, they were onlj^ convinced by getting put of bed and standing together in the middle:of the room that the noises were caused by some dutside agency. Then a noise as of a distant drum washeard. These circumstances seemed sufficiently strange to warrant an examination.of the adjoining rooms. Accordingly, the keys were procured, and the two friends care fully inspected every part of the 'apart ments, mostly| empty and always kept locked, above, below, about their own : room. But^he most minute scrutiny failed to detect anything which might account for the nhgjses, andqp means were visible by which any unauthorised person could have gained access to the rooms. Mystified, hut, upon the whole, rather enjoying ;the joke, and exchanging " chaff' in regard to the responsibility for the mystery, Hahn and Kern locked the doors and returned to their own quarters. That 'might they were for a long while kept from sleep by a sound sb of a tlip pered man walking to and fro in their room with a heavy stick. The next evening eaw fresh surprises. A pair, of slippers belonging to Kern lay on the floor near the fire. Suddenly, without -any visible agency, they- were dung clean over the table, across 'the room ; and even while the friends were marvelling at thiB astounding phenomenon a knife and. a pair of snuffers lying a foot or eighteen inches apart on a shelf were gathered together, as if by an unseen hand, and flung at Hahn, veiy narrowly missing his head, This had scarcely happened when the whole room went into utter confusion, every object apparently acting as a thing of life. Boots, brushes, books, pieces of lime, tin pannikins. aod candlesticks with candles in them flew in every direction. The servants, the castle guard, and every body else in the place were called to wit ness this manifestation, "which lasted. for more than an hohr, dad, of course, no one could offer.the sligotest^xplaoation. These events were Only the beginning of along aeries q|E the most extraordinary manifestations, extending over nearly three months. For two or three nights after the tovents last recorded the tossing about of articles continued, and then' ceased, giving Hahn and Kern three or feurnighterest. Then the disturbances were renewed with redoubled violence, and continued - incessantly for three weeks, so thoroughly depriving the two | friends of all rest that they removed their beds to the room above. But in this room stranger things Btill i happened. The noises continued, and they had scarcely settled comfortably into the ' room when a heavy padlock, which both knew to have been left in the room below, dew through the air and fell at Habit's feet. Then other-articles were thrown. But the occupants of the room were worn out with want of rest, and determined not to be driven away from this second room. " Sleep I must and will have," said ! Hahn, " whatever happens." ' Hern began to undresB, walking about I the room as be did so. Suddeuiy he | stopped, as if petrified, gazing earnestly | into the looking-glass, which stood upon a table in a corner of the room. He stood {so, making scarcely a movement, for quite | a minute and a-fealf, and'then turned to wards Hahn with a white face and in a | state pf trembling agitation, j -Hahn took this for an attack of ague or something similar, and hastened to | cover his friend with a heavy cloak. But I very shortly Hern recovered his nerve and told Hahn what kid caused its tempor I ary loss. In passing along the room he | had casually glanced at -the glass, and had | been rooted to the spot by the sight of a j white figure looking o«t of it at him. He was not an easily frightened man, and j,ic lOrisdme little tiiiis, Ci | peering to detect an illusion. It was a female figure very old in ap pearance pf feature, all the head yxcept the Face ^being wrapped in linen cere ments. It seemed to be. in front of his own image, which he could 'see' in ~ the glass behind. While be gazed the figure moved, and the eyes turned full on bits, aud it was then, convinced of the truth of what he saw, that Hern's nerves failed him. Habn determined to see this vision for himself, if possible, and with that view stood before the glass for nearly 20 minutes, calling at intervals upon the spectre to show itself. But nothing what' ever appeared. It was now early morning, and anything ! like Bleep was out of the question, so it was decided to take to the lower room again. They went downstairs therefore, and. knocked up four servants. These j men they sent to bring down the beds. Presently tbey returned. • " You have locked the door, Here Councillor, and we cannot get into the top room." " Blitzen, but I haven't locked . the ; door!" replied Hahn. "You are not properly awake yet. Go back and. try again." . They did bo, but came back with the same report. They bad set their whole united .weight against the door, which re fused to budge in the least, It was not as if the door was bolted or locked, in ; which case the force,would have caused it to spring a little in the parte furthest from the fastenings, but the entire door was ; simply immovable, as though it were a , part of the wall. , j Then Hahn went up himself, and in the ; presence of Hern and the servants opened j it straightway without the smallest diffi culty. The beds were set back in the : lower-room, and the annoyances, from noises and the flinging about of movables i went on just as before. • - I The story of these extraordinary phe ; noruena got abroad, and friends and ac | quaintances of Hahn and Hern made I small }okes about them. Among others, < Captain Cornet and Lieutenant Magerle, of the M?nuci Regiment of Bavarian Dra- j goons, expressed a wish to aee the thing for themselves, and they were invited to [ I do so. i Lieutenant Magerle went- into the room | I alone and shut the door. He had scarcely j done so when a handful of lime struck < ; him, and a boot-jack, a pair of snuffers, j and a candlestick came flying in his direc- : tion. He looked carefully about him, but ' could see nobody, pnd could find no pos- j sible means of accounting for the incident. Then other missiles came from all sorts of ' unexpected directions, and Magerle, who I was a (pan of violent temper, flew into a ' a passion, and, whipping out his sabre, j slashed about him so madly as to bring j bis friends in a hurry to find the cause of ] the disturbance. 1 Cornet and Magerle stayed during the eveuiug and became convinced. They watched Hahn and Ksrnoarrowly to detect any possible hoax, bnt without success. Articles were thrown,., and table-napkins i rose, seemingly of their own accord, to j the ceiling, then opened out and flattered j slowly down again. , Two evenings after this Hahn expressed; j | his intention of shaving. Immediately all (the'shaving implements— razor, soap, | brush, and tin basin—which were kept to- I ' gether on a sheU, .flew towards him and | fell at his feet.* He filled the basin with hot water, and was abont to commence «tp. lather his chin, when, lo! the basin was quite empty, though still warm from the hot water. A man named Dorfel, who acted as a 1 sort of servant to the castle, was himself . more than once a victim. His hat was once missing from the place where he put it on entering the room, and while he waa looking for it in other places it returned to its original position, Hahn made a private resolution to in vestigate the secret for himself, choosing times when Herri was. absent; bnt all without effect. - At this tfipe another fea ture was added to the manifestations. Hahn was frequently awakened by the feeling of water sprinkled over his face, but could find no moisture there upon feeling with his hand. Some time towards Christmas Habn's business took him to Brealau for a few daya, and in his -absence his servant stayed with'Kern in the room. Now occurred, perhaps, the strangest incident - of all. One evening Hern lay in bed chatting with Hahn'a man, Johann, who j stood near the door. On the table near the centre of the room stood a jug of beer and a glass. There had been no noises j and no other disturbances for some time, I when suddenly the jog of beer was slowly raised in the air, by no visible means, tilted, at.d the beer poured into the glass until the latter was more than half full. Then the jug sank back to the tablets though carefully set down again, after which the glass was actually'lifted, tilted, and emptied as if by an invisible drinker, and not the Bmallest quantity of beer was afterwards found upon the floor or table. " Gott in Himtnel!" cried Johann, " see, see, it swallows!" . For some time after this the disturb ances went on, and it was only at last, when dangerously struck by a flying fork, that Hahn consented to shift his quarters. Kern would have gone long before, but Hahn was anxious to make a discovery, so stayed. They , took a room in another part of the castle, from which they could frequently hear nofees from their old quarters^ although fney themselves ex perienced no farther annoyance. Aftera time these noises seemed to stop alto gether. Nothing to reasonably account for these things was ever forthcoming, but some years afterwards the.castle was struck by lightning and destroyed, when, on the partly ruined walls;"of the room which i Hahn and Kern badoccupied being pulled j down, there was found the coffinless skel I cton 8 maD with the skull split and a 