The Rajah's Vengeanrce. A STORY OF1N'EIA* BY FREDERICK M. DEY. S ctl.rrEn I. "A STPRA;]G EXPF:n"(El E. IT sas just tell oclock on the ig't of Novem or 30, 187.- whein I arrived at the front door:of the old Cogswell mansion-a night when the most tardy and venturesome rroul only app ar out of oors on errands of the utmost necessity. The uind was blowing a gale, laden willthifinitesinal particles of razor-edged sleet, which often drew blood on my face as I toiled through the darkness against the fierce and violent tempest. Iwas more than glad when I closed the great oaken door behind me, and for the first time since I had been its inhabitant, the old Ccgswell man sion seemed cheerful: for before goisng out that evening I had built a'fire of huge los?in the mss. sive fireplace of the great hall, placing the screen carnfully before it for safety, and as I siut oat th roaring, hurtling, venomous wind .upon regaining the house, the welcome blaze seat a thrill of warmth through my half-frozen body, and the flickering, eddying shndowos creeping and dancing back and forth along tie caken wainseoting for a moment saeetd like companions in the solitude of thal great house of whichiI was the solo inhabi tant. Quickly diresting m)ys?f of my outer garments, lighting a long-stemmed pipe, and placing my slippered feet where they could feel the warmth of tihe ruddy blaze, I sank li-tlessly back upon the cushion of a reclining chair, and gave myself up p reflection. I had a great deal to thilnk about that night, and sleep was never farthtr frou mny eyes and senses, for I had just met with a disappointment which lfll like a crushing blow upon omy ambitions hopes, blotting out the sun of my future, tearing ruthlessly down my 'airy castle in Spain,' and filling my pathway to happiness, which I had thought so clear and unobstructed, with impass able rocks, ddbris, and driftwood. In short, I had gone out in the early t vening full of life and hope, flushed with suce~ss and prospectively a rich man, and 1 had returned laden with deslisir, cast down by a weightof circumstance through which I could see no vista of light. Though not at all subject to nervousness I yet had so unexpectedly thrust myself upon a scene of horror in my journey that snight that even as I leaned back in my cbimney corner, puffing clouds of smoke over my head-Sea picture No. 1-I could see the agonised features of old Aaron Prime as I had seen them but an Ihsr before, with the ugly blue hole in his forehead where the ballet had entered, lying upon his back in theIothco of his mill, dead. I had gone there to keep an appointment-to secure Aaron Prime's signature to a paper which was, at that moms nt, reposing in the pocket of my greatcoat worthless, wssle but a few hours before it had setmed to valuable to me. I, John Douglass, inad baesn, at the age of thirty. one--one year before-made the heir and sole exe cutor of .11 the earthly estate which lhulsn Cogs well hadlift behind him at his death. That all was not much, so far as apparent or negotiable property was concerned, for it consisted of only two things-the old masnsion, which stood at thel rdge cf a deep wood, a little overa'milefrom Aaron Prime's mill, and three acres of ground with it, two of which were swamp, and thertforo worthless-and a rqcuest. Nio. 1-' 1 leaned back inmy chimney corncr, puf fing clouds of smoke over my head.' I had immediately taken up my abode in the ghostly old house, which had held a strange in tcrest forme ever since I had played around it as a boa ad iasjI possesse da small income, just suf deient for my absolute needs, I would have gpnd smoothly and evenly on through life, devoting my time to tlhe philosopls'cal' stadies of which I was passionately fond, had it not been for the request. It was that which had led meout of the even tenor and metliodical habits of m'n' 1 f, conceiving in me a thirsty ambition to attain the great wealth 'it promised. At firstI had gonoabout my task as the si?iole fulfilment of a duty imposed upon me, but ?as obstacles, one afteranother, arose in my path, tc'i citung my perseverance aid eliergy; I had dreari?ed about it when alone, untll I had made my airy castles not only inhabitable, but in a measure mneessary to my existen e. The request, which had made such a radical change in my whole nature, was simple enough in itself; but by reason of many unseen obstaclem, exceedingly complex in .its attahiment. Briefl it was as follows : .,0.Aý!Iparticularly and especially resiceat' that tou said John Douglass, my heir and sole executor hereunder, will secure the Elgatoures of Aaron PIrime and Jacob Hurley-both townsmen of mine -to the document which he will find in a yellow envelope i my desk, a:dressed to' iihn, the nature of which is fullyexplained by, the several papers inthepcs go 'wills said envelope, all of which are tied with red-tape, and are in the upper right hand corner pigeon- hole of said desk.' Siinple euongll I felt tihat I had but to search for the papers, post myself thoroughly as to their contents, and then place the document before the two men to secure their signature to it, and I little foresaw the surprise and hIour that were before me. The surprise came alhen I read the several papers, but a week after lioubeu Cogswell's death. Among them I foutnd one in the old man's hand writing,giving mc a history of the case, and asI resd my eyes opened in wonder. It told me, methodically and in great detail, the strangeand complex story of his life, wild and *weird enough to exait- the Isncreduhity ( the most easily impressed. le was a very old man lhen he passed away, and aged men in thse niglhbourhood said that he had been old when lte came among them searly fifty yearsa bfore atd purchased the place after known by his name, where te lived the life of a hermit, rec. iving no one but myself into the "shadoewy mysteries of hIis house. To me lie lhad, in my early boyhood, taken a lasting fancy, and i used to sit with him hsours st a time, imlbibing depths of knowledge and phlilosophy such asl ':could not procure lerewhlere; and when be died everything he possessed was left to me. r nostoryoi whsicht Ibecme possessed, 'upon _ reading the papers, toll -briefly, was as fol. lows: I In early life Rben' Cogswell had been'a fol lower i.f the sea, and from the forecastle had risen to tlit cabin. Still advancing, he haid become the owner first of the ship he commanded and thlen of others, .until at last they grew into a fleat of tradcrs, 'which annually brought hinl in a magni-. kfeiit iirome. ;rading mosily with. the Eastern cotintrigs, lio had many times visited them, cstablislnng branch houses in dil'erent places, and thus spend ing much of his time abroad. Occasion ally he took a 16 ig ti:p int tilhe inte rior, purcashing articles for export to his native land, and upon one of those excrsions,, when in tie heart of India, hie had met with a strange ex perience.whiech ad turned tile smooth and even coursoof his life into a rocky and precipitous channel which had finally ended in a solitary dia:h. .BeBng entertained overnight by one of the rich' and powerful ItR jas, he had by the merest acci: dent mset and spoken with one of his daughters, a beautiful girl, with great, dark, languid eyes and soft white sakin, just tingod with the olive of thoi South. lie immediately created an excuse for lingernng longer in the palace of the Rajah. seeking only an opportunity of speaking withs the beautiful cras' ture again. It came, and many thereafter, for the girl hlad fully reciprocated Iris fancy, and one night, having bribed some of tire servants to assist tlhem, they escaped from tire palace anid lied to gether to the coast, where they were soon em barked in-one of hi? manyia5t esayl, sqiling as fass. as the wind could drive them for America. Tii wedding took pleace aboard the ship, the witncesses beingAaro. Prime, then master of the vesstl th y were on; and Jacob Burley, the mate. For two years all went well with thie happy couple, and they lived a life of calm cantent. A daughter bad been born to thenm and reached the age of one year, when Cogswell, for the first time since his marsiage, was compelled, through eust ness matters, to absent himself from his Boston iome for awhile, but when, on departing, hie iado his wife and child good-bye, it was for the last tilne, for lie never saw them again in his pleasant home. lie had been absent a week when, on returning, he found the house strangely quiet. The Indian servant brought with them from the Rajujh's do main had disappearel. Filled with dismay, lie had dashed through the rooms to his wife's apartments to finld them racanit. Nothing was disturbed; not seign of a struggle or commotion was apparent in tihe room, or indeed in the house. Everything was in the most perfect order, and yet his wife and child were gone. They had mysteriouslydisappeared. Skilled detectives were engaged, and every known expedient for tracing the lost ones wans re sorted to without success. N eone had seen strangers about the place; no one had seen the people of the house depart from it. At length hegaveup in aerpair, abandoning all hope of ever recovering his loved ones; but one night, as ihe sat brooding over his troubles, the glass in the window near him crashed inward, and a hand and arm were thrust thmrough the onpeing In tile hand was a folded shlip of paper, which heo grasped as it fell fluttering towards tie floor. It read: ' Your wife is with her father, tihe Ilajah, where you are also commanded to go. HIer life and tlat cf your' child depends npon your speedy obe dience.' Cogswell did not hesitate, for on the following morning he sailed for India, and wvithout ddlay presented himself at thao palace of tile Ra. jah. Immediately on his arrival ihe was seized by the Indian servants, and without cerembny plced in a room divided in half by a double iron grating, the other half being occuipied by his wife. Thus they were again in full view of each otheir, enablod to converse, but so far apart that it was impossible' for one to touch the other. The poor mother knew nothing of tise child since she haI arrived'in her' father's palace, whitlier she had been brought by his emissaries, sent out from India. 'It sooeer. became evident that they, were placed there to starve in sight of each other, for as day after day went without food being broughtto them they began to grow weaker, and they were forced to realise what was in store for them. - Either might have borne the terrible suffering better alone, but to becompelled to witness' tim agony of one whom we love tears the' heart-strinig in trlin. There for many days they lingered on witlh not a soul coming near tliem to whom they might pray for food. On t:le fifthiday tilhe beautiful young wife -ex pired. Not once during the long hours of agony had shl complained: not once had slho!regretted tlhe:act which?lhad bronght her,fate upon her. Through the whole of iher suIferings she ahad borne up, and at last lt she died with words of lorve mingled, wilt? the name of her husband upon her lips. Who shal'tdesdribol' l tortures ho' dared as ii; bls" her grow, ourly weaker and weaker bo?ore his 'yes,finilly fading awayas thls lily'fides when blighted by thle bitter' frostt ? 'Il too longed to die, but'thb hard training he had received when a lad hald mdoel him so hardyr and, strong that he did not succumb as rapidly as his wife :',Slhe had bean dead bit'a short? time when the door on her side:of the grating opened, and her body was borne away. IIe never saw it again. An hourlater his own door was thrown ajar, ad tnd R ajah, accompanied by a guard, estered ha cell. Y, oa may go now,' he esaid, Sternli ; ' for as by 't'aling a?way my daughter you tangilt miii how to suflr, so hiave you now, througih her, learnerd tihe same lesson. Yau would rathler die this momoent than hlave life regiven to you; but you cust live that life that you may still sutoir iu remelabrance of what your folly brough about. G ; but remeim ber this-your child shalll never look upon your face again; and if, through any accident, you are brought together, she shall die as hier mother died. Go !' Cogswell, after a long illness, finally reached America again, t hes hie speedily sold ont his vast posscsseious, asnd secluded himself in thle old house whilch was now mine. With hinl he to:,k Auron Prime and acab IIonrley, placing the former in charge of a woollen miill, lwhich every one supposed to be hIis own, tie latter being establilshed upon an immense stock farm, and beoaring tihe reputation of being a very wealthy His reasons for thlus providing for the two men cho ihad witnessed hIis marriage I cai olly set down as a strange whim-the vagaries sf a minl hisch in every other respect was well-bal anced asid sound. Ile that as it may, hie hIsad so established them. leaving tie townsfolk to thisks them rich in their own right, and inr return tlhey tad managed hiis aiieirs for him, making deposits, drawisg hiis various interests, and once every month cosmig secretly to hIis lhouse in the night to render their accounts, leave with Ihim what money hre n:iht require, and rhear hiis wrishes regardiug hIis allirs generally. It appeared from tile manuoscript I read that the uling influence in the old man's life was his fear of tlie lnjah, tar tejItls descendant', cecry. thing, even to his minutest affairs, being governed accordinigly Once, some twenty years lbefore his death, he had found a letter upon.his tablo .which told him that his daughter had wedded with one oi of licr own race. The old Itjalih was dead, but his son and successor had sworn to carry out tiio wishes of his father, and ho (Cogswellj was warned to remain in seclusion for the remainder of lis lifd, and after that hoe lecamo more of a reclose thai It rias tlhen lide conceifcd tri idea "i;i nl??ti mately wvhirlad mai itiio aiiha chaos of troul?o and despair, to b .linilly crowned witll ah happy ness which fl.ly recompensed me. rlT caused his entire fortune to be made over to Aaron P'rimonand Jacolib rley, trustces, the it ture of the trnut to be determined by tl:'presentas ti:n, after hii deathll of a docuiment creating ' thirid trustee, 'whom he would duringlhis life select; when the tlire iwere to unite their several Ifforts to discover if there existed a lineal descenlJ ant of Cgswell's,to whom tihe were tomd~ne over one half thl estaciestn tli otlier .lialf to be divided (q-mally among them. The tliree trustees were to agree among tliemselvv;s as to the best mode rf e.uducting thelsearels, but if any ? oe fIiled to carry out th' conditiois of trust hie was to forfeit his entire ilterest in thie cstnatne About a week beforo his'death the old mainhad added to his manuscript the particular. rcquest th'at I, John Douglass, whom 'he had loved and edenated franm early' boyhood, would purchase from the other" two trustees (for I was. made the third onei all their interest in tht mattEr; and although hi had created me the third trostee, he w.hied ie to act alone and naiided in thie mtter nmra prlticulasly becanue Plri me aid Ilurley:wero oldmen. Es-^closed with the request was a letter toeach of .them, and a document properly: ind I-gally drawn for them lo igon. fin had always placed the ufmostconfi.nlenc in each of themr bht he ivas shrewd enough to know that th.y hand grown into a. position where they conudd, fy him if they chose, so flr as the piro perty ia th tlli mii diite possessioh was -con cerncd; although they could draw none of tlie trust money without the signature of the third trus tee, to which ho wouhld append a certification by himself. 'Such certification hInloid prepared before his death, leaving a blink spacein which I was to put my name. It was a trangely c onglomerate tranaction' and yet so sys tenmatic had the old gentilemian been that every groun;i was thoroughly covered, and with the exc:ption of the property held personally by the two men, everything was pecfectly straight and binding. Ite had evidently depended much upon thi irt cupidity to hold them constant to the trust created, and that ihe had not been amiss my efforts to bargain with thenm had proved. I ihad lost no time in placing the facts nad docu'. ments before them, for we wvere enjoined partieu" larly to conduct everything with the utnost secrecy, and had. at first been met with a flat refusal to bargain at all. Finally they Ihad consented to sign thf piper, provided I would pay them the amount they would have received if thly canrri:d out the trust to the end, together with my own share. Gradually tiey had been brnought down by my importinitii s until the night of nhiech I speakk when they consented to meet me at nine o'cloeeh at the ollice in Anron Prime's mill, for the pipemse of sig ing the docu ment in consideration of one-quarter of tlit trust to them and thlir heirts for cver, thI property wthich they then controlled to bhcomo theirs, in fee, in addition. Full of the prospect of speedily being putin pos session of the rest of tlio trust, I had gone to meettthem. Gone with my wholo ambiti,li to be gin the search atonceforemost in my mind, feelinlg certain thati there existed a lineal descendcnt of Iteuben'Cogswell I coald filid him, or lier-ngone to find dcathl,'grim niand terrible, avaitimig me on the part of onre f them,! and unquestionable guilt and flight on thln part of the other.. nCIIAPlIi II.a : u wS.ttccou.or.tntE visoe.:{ SOne murdered by tlio other, and that other flown,' I iauttred; as I leaned back in iimy calir, and thought h~a I hadlioiled through tlue terrible storm to the mill that night. :: I had gone there full of halipe, elated: with the certainty of sncess; but whenh I had opnencd Prime's oflico l dor: I started hbick e iith'i cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat upen his back, was Anron I'rimo, with a bullet-hole in hlis forhead.-See pictrne 2'' Chairs wrei overturned- pipors were scattered aboat the floor-confusion 'and signs of violence prevailed. I. find bent over him, pflaciig my lione lunpon his heart in Ith hope of discovcring some sign of life; but althfough the body was, still: wrm, -ife was utterly extinet. :Upon thIl floor inaln the doorway was 'a fiat, I picked it up and iookel at it carefully, aild recog nised it asbelonging to Jacob Iurley, noticing at No. S.-' Stretched in tlhe middle of the floor, flat on his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullet hlol in his forehead.' the same time that there was a bullet-hole through its crown. Glancing hurriedly around me, I realised if I should by chance be seen thrre I would be ac cused of the murder, and I went hastily out, at lerst intending to arouse tile neighbourhood, and give what ilformation I could regarding the crime. W\e:a I again reached the open air, however, all that man's death mleant to nse became obvious, and by a seeming paradox, the crime itself sank iuto insignificance before the utter failure of my mission, and I hurried homeward through the driving sleet. As I Cat by the fire thinking, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alone. I klnow not why or how, but the feeling came over me so strongly that I arose and looked about me among the Ilickering shadows made by thle blazing log. in the tircplace. ' Pshaw t' I exclaimed, re-reating myself. 'I am a dunce to allow the sight of a dead body to urn roe me. It can't be that either,' mused I, ' for I have not thought of it in that way since I first made the discovery.' I could not, however, shake off the idea that I was not alom-. I felt no fear, for, especially re garding the- supernatural, I was nerveless; but every time I raised my eyes I half expected they would behold some companion in my solitude, alltough, on the th her hand, I knew positively that I was aline. As the fdelirhi forciblj poeses* sini of me, by a strange danrtithesis xperiditeced a drowsy sensation, and then I fellisleep:'::':". I say(s4leep, for that is the only jay, n which I can explain what trainspire, for I mast have B3 fore me stood tho old ms", as I had en often ea him with his bcto tfie and his hands behind him i under hli coat.tailstSee picturo N,. e-aiid I arosed nieclenic ly'and 'olr.red hima mqycomfortable?hair":.?' ' a!c r ?T : Julon,: uaid lIeas1ha Isehted himself piulmyi place, whilelleaned myar c i up tlihe antel over the fire, Pirime and Harley lave aid t :'Evidently,, I commented. L'l S'-Vell,'lie; contionued in;his sunal.albrupt way you will have to get their signatures to-iight or not all, for by moring thoe will both be beyodd signing anythiig. 1 1 .;_' Why," I exliaimed, Prime is' already. dead and Hurley has flown.' lsH , my boy, bosea They are bott ther now awaiting vou, and iwondering wily yu ar so late. Come, start at 'once. I have seees them; and. they Accustomed from childhood to obey himiin almost myself in my storin'clothingl:deb inoro'set'out through the bitter tempest towards 'the.woollen mill. I ias completely exhausted when I reached it, No. it.-' .fore, meo stood tle old man,,a I linad. so often seen hIinl, with his back to the lir eand his hands ballind him under his coat-tails.', and rested for a moment on. the steps outside. Then entering I found the two men, as had been tated, awaiting me. 'You are ltte enroghl, surely,' said Prime o'nd as I apologised, he tookithe douinmet froam my hiand,. .:woent to. hisdesk, and, sentiong.liimself, signed it. IHurley followed his exanmpl, and I lhiI passed over to thlem respectivetl thie papers bearing nsiy signature, which made 'the bargain conipletei,and, took my departnre. . , While insido.it had not once occnrred to me to look at tie floor where, earlier in the cvening; 1I haod seen the dead body of PIime, but as I left the 1 oficeo I steeooped and peered back ttrongh the sindow. - . What was my horror to see the room in pro cisely the same condition in whicI lIn d fist I discoiercd it- that -night,; the niurderl kbody of Aaron 'rima lying upon the floor,with the blue I bullet-hole in tim forehead. Shocked beyond:dCscripdtiofit , 1 hurried : uipidly away,and in due course d time once more reached the mansion. The old mnn mJt me at khe door; his faco radi ant with smiles. '" ' ' Got the ?' he asked;, sid when I replird in the afirmatio,-,he said : 'Good I : Now I am going to sleep again. Dry, yonraclf off-attheafirs-here,-ait - thcn -you had better g:t some sleep also.' -. Steep I'; I must have instantly awakened ead, for I suddenly becaeno conscious of i to foct tht h jt I fire iand burned donii 'considebl,; andI"that I was standing!before it' in the vain ffoit.to warm my, benumbed fingers and dryi the soaking' gar ments which were upon me. SSeizing the tongs I poked the fir vigoroslyy for a momenit, throwing fresi? wood upon it, and soon I had a warm and clheering blaze again. ' I was dazed by, the inexplicabl circumstsn'ces grouped before inm. 'Itinszt hare been a adrii,'ot hoie balound; 'and yet how came tliosa wet elothes uponi me ,Where did I get the mtidupPn my bots?' i ly recollection of t what" had passsed was as pcrfect as I lave described it, and wa-s so ivid: Othat st eem~ ni part oft the SregalsroCecurrencesn of the evening, notwithstandiog1thelfact of the sudden reantsation of my surroundings nsici had come over i ash I slool byf tes fire. '"lBah' I cried, iti disghst. I 'am growing nervois. ! Th?l experieneso;of lto-nighti iav'e worked upon any mind, and I ,have not ?ly dreaCdtied, but I have walked in my seep.' Feeling great fatigil, I religlited my pipea ndd after duo preparation again threow mysellfinto thd easy chair befored thefire, when -it, suddeily oc: curred to me to look at my watch. 'It Wti nearly twso'olock. : r Startled by thei lapi of time, and the length of my unquiet nap, I' arose and' crossed, to the pdg whoreon my greatcoat was hanging. . ' I will settle this thing here and now 1 I mat tered, pulling the packag, frnt tho'pocket'and re turning to my chair at the fire. !,The papers will prove that I have had a nightmare.' With a quick movemelt I undid the string which bound the package together, and selecting the all important document, spread it open before me on my knees. Uttering a startled cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering the many papers broadcast about on tshe floor, for there before me on the white page, plainly and legibly, were the well-known signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob HIurley. I trembled with excitement. For the first time in my life I know what it meant to be afraid I The room seemed filled with uncanny shapes fluttering about in shrouds and blood-stained gar ments. There stood thi signatures before me, plain and incontrovertible in their authenticity, in the faco of the fact that when I had gone at nine o'clock to get them one of the men was already dead and the other had disappeared. Suddenly I began wildly gathering the scattered papers together which had fallen upon the floor, looking through them in search of those I was to have given up to the two men in exchange for their signatures. They were nowhere to be found. Long and eagerly I searched, but without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that they were not there. Where, then, were they? Halod I indeed met those two men when I went forth the scond tilm ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron Prim' to be dead ? Could it be thai I hsal not seen aright, or were they both dead, anid had I met and bargained with their ghosts? Or was it sotm fantastic bewildernment of dreamland, lwhich, following the Shakspearian theory of 'dreams are result of a foregone conclu sion,' hlad shaped my slerpmg thoughts some what into the form of what I had been thinking while awake? But, tno ! my eyes had certainly not been closed in sleelp. I tore my hair in perplexity, forI could not rea son the occurrences out into any logical so lquince. j" I1 [To us CosTxrIo.] 