HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST, I On the niglit of October, 27th, 1842, the- I good ship " Mary . Coinpton," of Bristol, I England, was struggling with a fearful gals I off tho coast of -North America. Tho- wind! I blow furiously, but' tho. weather -was : clear, I and the Captnin expected every mnmeat to - 1 got sight of tho light in tbo lighthouse on I the Iron Rook Shoals. This lighthonso I marked the entrance to tho harbor, Cn» I there, and thoy wcro safe. Sure of his tssi. I tion, he sailed on confidcntnlly. Fire I minutes later the ship struck with a foarfnl I shock and wont to pieces. Four men, inclnd- I ing tlio Captain, were saved. On reaching I tho slioro they found a strange tiling had I happened. An oneroy of the lighthouse- I keeper had bound him hand nnd foot, and cx- I tingnishod tho light. _ I . SouIb, as, well as ships, Btoor by tho light-', I tlopo is tho most important lighthouse in tho I world. What shall be said of tho man who I darkens it in the faco of a storm-toisel I spirit ? I " You aro beyond human aid." The» I words were said by a physician to a womsn I who had como to consult him. Admitting I that l'.o thought so, had ho the right to sij I so? No ;for ho might bo wrong— and in I nny case ho had no business to put out tbo I light. I This woman bad been ill for snmo tunc. I In June, 1889, sho was greatly a'nrmcd hr I her 8yniptonis. Her her heart palpitated, I and slio was so giddy she could scarcely I stand. Her bead whirled " and," Bhs Wjd, I " all objects seemed to go iuto a cloud.' ho I bad to hold herself up or sit down for fear of I falling. She broke on t in a sweat nlthougn cold as death. A dreadful cough racked ner I frame so that she could not lio down ana I sloop. $ I " I could scarcoly crawl about tlio house,- I she snys, " I was so weak. I tried different I remedies nnd medicines without avail- j I went to tbo Disponsnry at Now Briggate I asked tbo doctor to tell mo tlio worst. '!' I answer was, ' I have mtxod' you sonio inaa) I oino ; you con tako it or lonvo it. I to>'f , I for tbveo woeks, tlion gavo up iiwtopnif. I " I talked with two other physicians- 1 . I lost ono said, You are past human aid. I " My b art sank within mo, for I bad » I little obildrei), and my death would 1W I thorn without a inothor's lore and car e- I wont home and cried till I was sick. 1 I appotito and had lost flesh till I was thin | a ghost I My mother onmo to sec mo » J did not know me. My skin was of a B' I and yellow colour, and whon I nlo anytn - I it seomod to Rtiok in my throat. About I tim'o I e.ommoncod vomiting, and » . I throw up was tinged with blood. _ I began to vomit at 9 o'clock on a Sntn morning nnd scarcoly got rest from it n l Mondny morning. «- " At this time I remembered that I Wilton, with whom I . formerly worked l Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Lceduiy ,,, I I li"o), bad been cured by Motbor Scg I Curative Syrcp. So I siint to Mr I tbo Chemist, in Qroat Garden Street, I got n bottle. L. fow doses stopp' 8 a-rI I voriiitihg, and by degrees from day to " ' j I felt bottor. Soon I could o-it a dry cru j I by the timo I had finished the second ho I had got over all my bad svmpton s, a"0 t I fast getting my strength back. I I (April, 1890), in bettor health then over I fore in my life. I , 0 .„,v. I "I should linvo ' takon .Motbor S 8 I Curative Syrup sooner, but my hn»b»® . . I out of work and we had only a trills e . I in from his elub, but I thank God IdW k I it at last, nnd it cured me, bad off I All my friends and neighbours knowtl V I have related, and I will reply to any, I of inquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Jb ' I Bread Strset, York Road, Loeds. I This wns n easo of indig- 08 , far dyspepsia, with symptoms showing u it hod affeotod the nervous system. months, or possiidy weeks more, an Mills would ha 'o had no talo to tol I. wrong to wnit one hour for any rea ' ,i,j having known what Mollior Scigel a Syrop had dono for htr friond Mrs " Anxious Mother at midnight— io hc'?ft band : " Oh for heavens onko go at 0 j„»— doctor or baliy will be dead before mo Husband . "No fenr Mary. I've R.ot '"8. of Kaiwni that willcnro it, it's tho o cino in tho world for dysontcry P comfort onoe more 