(?encrai News. The rice crop this Be:ison at Port Douglas will amount to 150 tons. ^C'ï' \ : * ! ,..' Mr. Archibald Meston and' his - Dalian friends are passengers by the " Wodonga; arriving in Cairns t->-uiorrow. Herr Licht, owing to adverse climatic conditions, has reduced his estimate of the quantity of beet root : for this season from 3,750,000 tc 3.650,000 : ons. - ' Since the opening of the Brisbane Soup Kitchen fully 600 people have been supplied. Daily abnat 50 attend, and fully 50 more take soup to their bornes. An article "showing the;>great injustice entiiled on the" residents in the townships between Kuranda and Biboohra is crowded out of this Usue. It witt tie published in our next. As will. bo seen by advertisement pas- sengers by Cobb and Co's. Boyal Mail line Croydon and intermediate places. Cairns appears to be in a particularly healthy. condition just now, the Hospital contninining ouly 18 patients. Tom Halpin, the well-known miner who lost bis arm by a iish-dyuamitiag-accident. is doing well. Mr. Robert Craig finds, the agency he accepted from Mr. Lazarus for suiting weak eyes with spectacles on scientific principles works successfully, and the institution' comes to Cairns like a boon and a blessing to men. A Brisbane telegram s".iys'::-Sir S. AV. Griffith leaves on Saturday next for Cook- town, where on December 12th be will tranship to the steamer Merrie England for New Guinea. He wijl.be absent three or four weeks. Crushing is expected to finish at Hamble- don within the next sixteen days. It is hoped the output will exceed 1300 tons, whii-h will be above the average and fulfil the sauguine anticipations of the Messrs. Swallow Bros. The Railway Department has arranged for an excursion train on Separation Day to Kuranda and Myola. Tickets will be issued for the return journey at single fares. The train will start at 8 o'clock and return at 5.30. Time-taMe will Le published in our next issue. At a meeting held at Validity's Hotel at Blackwater Creek on Saturday evening last, presided over by Mr. Casey, a number bf workers on the third section decided to amalgamate with .the A.L.F. The Sons of Toil Union is to be disbanded, the balance of funds to be collected and devoted to the new departure. ' The Railway Department iu Brisbane has we understand, been requested to allow a ten minutes stoppage of the trains at the Barron Falls, to' enable sightseers, visitors from the sfrnuiers Sm., to enjoy the magnificent view. As ordinary passengers would not object to the trifling delay we expect the Department will grant the request. The Muldiva correspondent of the Wild River Times w*rites as follows :-" The mines owned by the Muldiva Silver Mining and Sm>ltùw - CompwiT jtre , iàiprovinir "with "OVveloptnent, amt tue news rio in Redcap U highly satisfactory, indeed I can see noth- ing to stop either Muldiva or the whole of the Chillagoe district from booming when smelting operations at« commenced, which it is confidently stated will be in full swing in January next." On Saturday night the house occupied by Mr. M. J. M'Cartby near Minnie-street was completely destroyed by fire, not au article being saved. The house was empty at the time the whole family being absent at Riverstone, and DO reason can be found to a-count .for-the .fire. The house w:is . the property of Mr. S. R. Shambroofc anil was insured forjEloO. The furniture and effects wer.- insured by Mr. M'Carthy for £100, but this amount would not.cover the value of the property destroyed. Ti It is reported that even the limited number of men who remained to work on the Freshwater Creek Goldfield have now deserted it. In the meantime it is said that one of them, a man-named Carl .(known aa Yank) has discovered payable gold mt Gray*» Pocket ne»r Kuranda. There is, however^ little known about it as the land is selected, and the selectors are not desirous of publicity. At the Clohesy River a fair number of men are making wages, and perhaps more"; but: it is . very difficult to acquire reliable information.' In connection with the long talked of Rifle Club in Cairns a meeting was held in the School of Arts yesterday evening. About twenty gentlemen interested ?? in the forma- tion of the Society were present,and the result of the proceedings showed that the matter was accomplished. j Mijor Fanning was appointed president ; Messrs. Berthon and Taylor, vice-presidents ; J. H. Short; trea- surer; T. J. M'DeruiotV secretary ; the committee being Messrs. Morley. Uowden, Mayers, Duffin, Fearnley. Sayers and Allen. The meeting was then adjourned for a general meeting, to be held in the Court House on the 17tb inst. A telegram from Charters Towers re- ceived yesterday evening states that the recent disastrous collapse in. .mining securi- ties, caused by the over speculation of financially weak operators, has received a check, and that the bottom hj^b^ea jenyA»j? Wt inTnafana ¡a no eaoee ridiciilnas than * the rapid mah up. ba*.'probably: just. a» rarely as abares were rushed too high or too quickly, have they now been depressed too low. When the feyer of fear Bubsides shares will undoubtedly bound ;op'.agä)h^\ even if they da not altogether 4 reach ; tW\ point they touched before the panic set in._ A Brisbane telegram says:-Sir S. W. Griffith has caused a letter to be sent to the Australian Labour' Federation in reply to their letter denying complicity with the recent attempt , to promote another shearers' strike. Sir S." W. Griffith'," while accepting the denial, sincerely hopes that their Labour Federation, by publicly expressing its dis- approval' of the actions which gave rise to the present distrust between employers and employed, show their earnest desire to aid in terminating this feeling of distrust. The Labour Federation has replied that it is not their intention to afford additional cause for ill-feeling, aud they are prepared to let by- gones bc bygones. - . .Whether it is"thefanlt oí" the M., «ir th* fauHfof the policé, «re do not-know, but that there is .something radically rotten in the state; areli say of Denmark, we are con TinuetjU., We ,hear ;of ghosts frightening arotueü imtpÉù. analnothinjpis doue.? The Cnatom-H-amse w.i»bkièd.«*aawràl boxes of opium, and nothing" is done. Mr. John' Anderson, of Lake-street, "robbed long ago,: had no redress, .and was robbed again a day or so ago; but noth- ing is done or likely to be done. A few years ago the editor of this paper was robbed of some jewellery. The police by an accident managed to capture some of the stalam property-and. they; hare it yet. Owing to a deadily spite the P.M. has against this individual the police retain the spoil. , ? - \\.. : ' _j 