ENTERTAIN MEATS. I THEATRES, The finjfc ^Kxlncthwi of a new «trav» 8®nza by the Loadozr Gaiety Burlesque Com* paoj attracted a crowded audienoe to tf'e I'rinceas's Theatre on Saturday nigl»t» Tlie composition (the libretto by Messrs. A. & Torr and Wr. T. 'Vincent, pad the music by Meyer Lnte) is called' "Cinder Ellen Up Too Jjftte." Tlioughthe name suggests a P°P?'ar soraeiy Woiy, there is iri reaiitr P'ot-" ^ represenUHvWof the Priuce, <SHdere|te, her twosiatera are yeiymuch ^nsn^w®1* and a variety of comical incidents, ff", f6ai»ro» of feeing te their iirelevanc/i'or9 - thrown in. The entertainment depends for jte success on some catchy music, the bril liance of the spectacle, some clever dancing and acting, and a constant succession of jokes, many of which are formed from tbej doable meaning of words suggested by some jVimilinr object under attention at the \--""lent. As in this class of performance the AS incuiH wuo° * moment..MI {rom ft continuous story is interest der , iiu.own upon the lead eliminated, the With and resourceful exponents of such artistic # and jjjb8 Farren, buriesque m .Qf ^ ^ yery happily kept however, th compo8ition, as presented »>«»? ' SgTm obviously too long onSaWrdM pr0ijBction WM lafgely art * _h |B plenty of material to Eltoi-aU «b.t » work upon judicious application of w knife is the enlivening of a few H^.Cac^'and tile giving of some of the f u-hi'ch by themselves appear nieanmg fnCft8'dtrect connection with the story. At .SS' the stn"e is filled by numbers of U who have nothing particular to do, i There is therefore a palpable absence of Eructiveness and finish in the work done Se writer or writers of the piece, and were it not for the business invented by fr-Lffhe he action would often come to a dead atop. Most of the songs, good as the music is, go liPAvily because they are undramatic, and the words are difficult to hear, the fault not being with the singer. The representation is a triumph of stage lighting and costuming, and it is certain to achieve a large amount of popularity. Among the attractive stage effects may be mentioned the rapid laying, in presence of the uudience, of handsomely- ap pointed supper tables, with electric lights in the chandeliers; a fountain "which, as itplays, seems to throw into the air the personage who has slipped into the basin 5 and the final tableau, in which about 40 girls, holding huge bridal bouquets, form a pyramid of flowers, which are suddenly illuminated by electricity which gleams in the hearts of the roses or camellias, and Bhines in the bells of the fuschias. Mr. Goatcher's prin cipal scene is that of Co vent Garden market; when, setoff by the crowds of gaily-dressed frequenters, it is a very pleasing picture. Miss Nellie Farren, who is allotted the chief character, thatof Cinder Ellen, is an important member of the dramattsper&once.; She has a large share of the dialogue, as well as several amusingditties to sing, and dances to execute, and it is needless to say that she acquits herself with unflagging vivacity, and a senBe of enjoyment of the situation, which re-acts upon the audience, whether she is appear ing as a maid-of-all-work in love with the prince's valet, as a costermonger wheeling a barrow in which she has her admirer concealed among the fruit and vege tables, or as the show girl of a fashionable boarding-school. Mr. Leslie impersonates the Prince's valet, a nobleman in disguise, who eventually marries Cinder Ellen. He is veiy effective with laughable songs, and shows an inexhaustible fertility of resource in the matter of Btage business, upon all of which he contrives to put the mark of artistic finish. The incident of the fall on the stairs, in which the footman, heavily laden with bandboxes, is precipitated down the whole flight, hie parcels being pulverised and his gorgeous outer clothing torn off, exposing to view the poverty of his previously concealed under garments, while he receives a shock to his system as though he had passed through an earthquake and been pelted with thunder bolts, is especially mirth-provoking. The fidelity of Mr, Leslie's mimicry of a popular comedian was also quickly recognised. Some ff the jokes introduced in his professorial address in the boarding-school are new others are of an antiquity calculated to raise [lie ghost of the late Joe Miller. Miss Fedley is allotted some agreeable musical Jiumbere, and the graceful dancing of Miss ey and Levey is introduced with uuusaal liberality. Their first pas de deux fr Si '8 their most attractive Danbj . who appears as Sir Lud f 011 °ld English fox-hunter, leads some of the choruses and has a fair share of be comic business. He should endeavour 0 remember, however, that mere boisterous menUflnnt,LUm0l!r' ?nd t,mt want of re6ne h'^l », -'8l! ltutefor wit Much of wkhawonr mthI6 piece is decidedly vulgar, nsefal 8. ea.as tlie boneless dancer, and Mibs'fiS0618 £v5n i" small parts by the Smvll,eheim' WiX°U' EhV^' Norton' Ihe'Th^m ylierac°mpany, performingnt substitute i «wUe,y decided to Cazaran'sromflf?raf|ma 80Ciety tracts a version /!# Celebrated Case." one h Melbourne ?reviott8,y played vas pinL derothe 08016 of "P«>of," ^mCTlL0n SfltUrdny niSht- The their several Si mPany were a* home in fully -?d a8.the ^eoe is Bkil and has n w a v'ew to stage effect, dialogue, with som^ satisfactory tt,. ,CgeneTO' effect was more thefon»« 6oeneof thPhU . ® P^eut wason. The of Louig XV A IN DURING ** Renaud, Vj,0 i,a ' A ®°Mier named Jean m at the bftttlHf p f d,6tinSui8l»ed him ^Bed of the JlrlV' wron8J«Uy Jemned to the r and c011* y five-year-oid dn< £?°n tlie evidenoe of ^ the room ^6!1 !er' vAdrienne' who« cr"ae was commit , *at in whicl» the !? ^ ter father 1 ^ved the assassin death. having been" moth,er' und« fear of child that 2 comPelled to call out }><! had fouirSS" WftS her father' J>Ul8 on the field !!f l f Count de Moriiay itt,Amily papers1 *ewete bl 8 0wi house ' tT secreted sS Renaud is still a convict, and his daughter has grown to womanhood, bat the eham count refuses to say a word on behalf of the condemned man. Eventually, however, some of the stolen jewels in his possession are identified, there is other evidence against him, and the murder of Madeline Renaud is sheeted home to him, when the love affairs of Adrienne, which have been interrupted by the discovery that her father is a convict, are allowed to resume a smooth course. The play contains many scenes of strong melo dramatic interest, and it is well costumed and handsomely mounted. Miss Villiers appears as Madeline Renaud In the prologue, and as Adrienne in the latter portion of the drama. Her performance of these characters is more satisfying than either of'her two previous efforts. She throws some feeling into the death scene, and also that in which the daughter meets her father after a 12 years' separation, while there is evidence of a dramatic instinct, and of sustained effort throughout the performance which enable the character to maintain its lead ing position in the story. Miss Floyd plays Valentine de Mornay very intelli gently, though without making the most of her opportunities. The part of the little girl is very cleverly represented by Violet Aston. The Jean Renaud of Mr. A. C. Alderson was a careful and effective per formance ; Mr. Julius Knight did the rascally camp follower, assassin, and masquerading Count very well; Mr. A. Boothman was in his best form as the Duke D'Aubeterre ; Mr. F. P. Stevens presented a pleasing portrait of Viscount Raoul; and Mr. A. Bernard suc ceeded in extracting some amusement from the part of a conventional stage Irishman, who happens to be the only representative of the Irish brigade at Fontenoy. Various ladies of the ancien rigime were depicted in the approved stage method by Miss Stafford, Miss Fordyce, and Miss Millard. The programme at the Bijou Theatre during the week has comprised the comedietta " Twenty Minutes Under an Um brella " (oleverlr played by Mr. Sass and Miss Gwynne), and Mr. Boucicault's romantic drama " Devotion." The principal charac ters in the latter piece are taken from the court of Louis XIII., though their historical reputations have not been adhered to. Marie de Rohan, the wife of the Due de Chevreuse, has had a lover in the person of the Comte de Chalais. During his absence from the country in quest of fortune, the lady has ac cepted the Due,and when the Comte returns, the husband of the Duchesse is in the Bastille in consequence of having killed the powerful Richelieu's nephew in a duel. Upon the solicitation of Marie De Chalais, after much persuasion, obtains the release of her hus band. A wicked Abbe having assailed the fair fame of the Duchesse, a duel is arranged between him and De Chalais, De Chevreuse acting as the latter's second. Preparatory to the fight, De Chalais in his own apartments writes a passionate letter to Marie, en closing her portrait, and instructs a servant to deliver it into her hands in case of his death. The Duchesse enters masked and implores her lover not to expose his life to the chances of a duel, offering to accompany him to Paris if he will refuse to fight Occupied with this exciting scene, the time for the duel slips by, and the Due, taking the Comte's place in the encounter, is slightly wounded. Richelieu being restored to power, De Clialais is proscribed; and the former dis covering the latter's love letter to Marie, sends it to the Due, who attacks his wife in un measured terms for her presumed perfidy. The lady admits she has been indiscreet, but strenuously denies her guilt. De Chalais, who has been shot by Richelieu's musketeers while escaping from the grounds, is then brought in. With his last breath, for he is fatally wounded, he establishes the innocence of Marie, and the drama ends with the reconciliation of De Chevreuse and his wife. "Devotion" is an eminently actable composition. The dialogue is well enough written, though without any distinctive quality of excellence in the direction of either humour or epigram. The story might also be strengthened by the removal of the doubt which exists as to the real feelingB of the Duchesse towards the Comte, with whom, in a moment of excitement, she offers to elope. The play, however, experienced a very friendly reception on its first Melbourne production last Satuiday night, and there wob a Bpecial call for the author at the end of the piece. All the members of the com pany engaged in the drama exert themselves to do it justice, and the play is evenly and vigorously presented. Mr. Lyndol is ex ceedingly good aa De Chalais, and Mr. Bou cicault's portrait of th6 satirical Abbe de Goudl, a youthful Talleyrand without his wit, is also an acceptable impersonation. Mr. Lawrence presents De Fiesque with an effective accentuation, Mr. Titheradge is a Bhade heavy as the Due de Chevreuse, the Duchesse of Mrs. Brough is interpreted with notioeable strength, and Miss Spong makes an agreeable appearance as Genevieve. The characters are well costumed, and the drama is mounted in excellent style. The drama "Honest Hearts and Willing Hands" has been played at the Opera-houw during the week. The entertainments at the Waxworka have been well attended during the week. Mr. Davis shows himself to be a clever ventrilo quist and conjuror, and Miss Ada Fitxroy's shadowgraphs and illustrations of second sight and ghostly phenomena of spiritists' sdancee have met with much appreciation. The variety programmes at the Victoria hall and the Gaiety Theatre continue to afford satisfaction to a considerable section of the amusement-loving public. Mr. Snazelle's entertainment of "Song, Story, and Pictures," is prospering at the Athenamm. A matinee performance for the benefit of Mr, John Wallace will be given in the Opera house to-day, Assistance is to be given by the leading- members of die musical and dramatic professions ia Melbourne 