f i t t i n g B u U a n d ffi& S o n K i t t e d i n a S h o r t S h a r p ^ t y h t . 'Qnrato B u n and hit son lave been killed. A. dispatch from Standing Bock W tion of tbe ‘ Indian " " camp with the object of arresting Sitting Boll, H having been reported that the Sioux obief intended to leave for Badlands at once. The police were foliowed by a troapof United States cavalry, nider Captain Boole, and a force wf infantry under Colonel Dana. When gfee police retched Sitting Ball's camp they found the Indiana n&df; to march, their ponies painted, and many of the tavagei were stripped for war. The police laade a dash into the camp. They seized Siting Bull, and were returning to Standing Book Agency, when Blackbird, (She tafl, athletic eon of the famous chieftain, urged hit comrades to woarture the «old The women and children Were %£iden away in the bushes, and then with 'yells .the Indians charged the police, (firing inocesently as they oame Up. A •hand-to-hand straggle ensaed, daring 'which Sitting Ball, who was not ehaokled, usould be beard giving bis tfcoere in a flood voice. For several minutes the tiring was heavy ted well direeled that Demv every van who w»s hit was killed. When the fusilade was hottest Sitting Boll fell out of his saddle pierced t>y % bullet, bat whether the shot was fir/4 by the charging Indians or by the police is not known. The son of Sitting Bnll was si rib almost at the first volley fired by the police. The Indians fired with dreadful accuracy, and sloWJy drove the police from the field. The rictoVy was still doubtful when on# of the Iodise police, riding back to the tgency, met the force of otvriry and infantry en route, and urged them to hurry sp to the support of their comrades. Tbe soldiers were quick to enter into actico. 5 1 ekirmrso line Was throws cat, nod •thee, kneeling and firing as they ad wooed, the troops, with two machine ’guns playing over their heads, poured a withering fire into the ranks of the •wages. Within a few minutes the Indians were beyond range, and were tearing at a furious Tate On tbeir ponies in the direction ef Badlands whjre Start Boll is entrenched with 200 Ugallala Indians, all in fighting ordi Bull’s body, which had been by the police, was recover/d by the white troops, as well as that of bis sou, Black' bird, Another chief named Catch Bear, and four other hostile Indians were killed. Seven of tbe Indian police, under Captain Feeht, also fell. All Bitting Bull's followers show thempelves destitute of fear. The fight was •short and determined, and they faced 4«teth firmly, believing thst when tbe summer comes they will be restored to life under the new Messiah, sod enjoy tbe Usuries of aueient times, when tbe buffalo and game abounded, and white men were unknown. Some time hetore he died Sitting Ball ztid to General Miles: *' God Almighty made me. God Almighty did not make tte to Agency Indian. Til fight and die fighting, before cay white man can make tne an Agency Indian." This now seems to have been a prophecy, .iii or e-witnesses agree that tire final trag dj was one of the moat picturesque incidents of American history. It was felt that Sitting Bull imprisoned woull be a source of • endless ^troubles, whereas should he feU a viotim to the nfie, the ghost dances would realise by this medicine, which he ssid would make them bolJefc proof, yet which could not save their chief, most be worthless. The Pine Bidge Icdiaua will not talk of tbe death of Bit. ting Boll. They do not appear to b e ! * noted, but they are closely watched, and no unauthorised person is allowed to converse with them on the subject. Tbe Fort Keogh (Montata) officers are divided in opinion respecting the killing of Sitting Bull. Seme think hiB death will end tbe troubles, while others look upon it as a prelude to a great Indian war Colonel Porbia, acting Adjutant* General of Division, Missouri, says that orders have been issued to every Agency in the Indian country to send swift runners to notify to the Indians to report themselves at their respective agencies immediately, for the purpose of being disarmed and dismounted, and that eii Indians failing to respend to the summons wi 1 forthwith be treated as hostiles and without mercy. General Miles says that the campaign must .come to an. end within a month's time by the absolute surrender of the Indians everywhere, otherwise there will be simply a war of extermination, i he United States troops now completely encircle Badlands, and it is simply a question of lime when the Indians will ba compelled to surrender. 