The Wesleyan Church. The Annual South.Eastsrn District Meeting. i jfublic services in connection with the f annual meeting of the representatives of j the various Wesleyan Churches composing j the South-Eastera District of the South I Australian Conference have been held in i Narracoorte this week. The District Meeting was held on Tuesday and Wednesday^; and on Tuesday even ing Mr. B. Dorman, of Kingston, conducted public (service in the Chureh,. preaching a trial sermon before the Dis trict meeting. Mr. Dorman preached as interesting and impressive discourse from the 19th chapter of Job, verses 25,26, and 27—"For I know 'hat my redeemerliveth, and that he sh;and at the latter day upon the e" ' and. though after my skin worms «. jefcroy this boay»yet.in my flesh I shall see' God: whom 1 shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another," On Wednesday there were meetings for J the promotion of holiness audi thework of God. At the afternoon session, besides praise and prayer, Mr. McKinnon engaged in Bible-reading; followed by testimony and discussion by ministers,, the members, of the congregation, and Christian friends. It is usual at these gatherings, for the ladies of the congregation to entertain, the visitors and Christian friends,at a social tea. •This custom was adhered to, and the ladies who had the arrangements in hand pro vided an excellent repast on Wednesday afternoon, which was much enjoyed by the large number who availed themselves, of the kind invitation. There was a good attendance at the evening session, the Bev. J. Leggoe,! Chairman of the District Meeting, pre siding. After praise and prayer the. rev. chairman gave a practical address on " The Baptism of the Holy Ghost, the great want of the Church." He remarked that there was at present a lack of power in the Church, though there could not be said to be a lack of faithfulness. Many old adher ents of their Church seemed to yearn for the old times, and thought there was more faithfulness and consistency in Christian character than there was to-day; but he did not think that was the case. What they required was power from on High, which was the peculiar gift of the Holy Ghost. He asked Christians to fervently pray that this power might be given to them abundantly. The Bev. W. G. Clarke spoke on " Power from on High, the great qualification for successful church work." They heard from the Chairman the necessity there was for power from on High, and he had to speak more particularly on the qualifi cation for successful Christian _ work. Christian work was simply witnessing for Christ. This was the essential qualifica tion in successful church work. Of pourse there were many other qualifications, brrii without this oneall otheK^ould be use less. They Had been** " endowed "with talents, andit their duty.to cultivate th«n^iid^ise them in God*S;vrork.^;.8efflae had gceat jraasoamg powers, and others the giftpof eloqaehog, wit unlate they had power'from omJpugh'iihose qualifications alopowoiii& nsfet man. Tl» speaker gaye^eyeral instances of ministers of great abiKtyJtiwhose work never prosf pered until they found that they could not. succeed unless it < was accompanied by the power ,of the Holy ? G-host. He counselled Christians, td seek tod pray for this power, and if they did thfey would I findGod's work prosper.. The Bav. A.& J.Fry,of Border Town, spoke.pn "The; Holy Ghost being God's gifh to the Church for alt times," and made a fervid and eloquent address on God's promises to' mankind. Mr. B. Dorman. of Kingston, raade acoQcisa and;excellent"adiafrefife Oil "Holiness id rdatLonto.Ciiii^ianWoik.^ He defined holiness s'as-JtViO, ao^n^inpttrfc, of themselves from sin and the consecra tion to. do God's work. They had to put aside every ,unclean thing, and to cultivate; a constant seeking after good. Hewarnedi Christians; of the great mecessity of bang: discrete; in their daily walk and con versation, - because; the world knew they had set ..themselves. apart -fait God^ work, and their every action ia word and deed was being watched. At. the- evening-service Mr. J. Lambert, o£ ; Border '" 5-*-J ; 