T H E JYSTERY OF THE ABBEY. t M CHAPTER LYIL—(CONTINUED.) And where is my niece ?" inquired her ladyship. Meeran Informed her that Ellen had retired to her own room—that their ference had been interrupted by the appearance of her maid—and added a strong desire that the latter person should be dismissed. " Not BO !" Bald Lady Mowbray, with a smile which was intended to convey the eonviction of her own superior shrewdness; " she is devoted to me 1" " To her mistress, yon mean." " She detests her! Ellen has somehow wonnded her vanity—for the creature, like all of her class, imagines herself pretty. Rely upon it)" she added, "should more serious means be necessary to bring tbe foolish girl to reason, that SuBan will be found useful. I know her—you do not;" saying, her ladyship quitted the apartment, leaving her husband and his taskmaster to arrange their affairs alone. The visit of the artful woman waB directed to -the chamber of Ellen, whom she found suffering from the recent agita^ tion she had endured. So well did her attendant contrive to act her part, that whilst she rendered every assistance in her power to the suffering girl, she contrived to impress upon the lynx-eyed aunt that she did so with distaste or indifference. Susan would have made an excellent actress. " What has occurred, my sweet girl ?" inquired her ladyship, at the same time imprinting on the pale cheek ot her victim a kiss which might have rivalled that of Judas. " He—he has been here t" "Hei Who?" "One," replied Ellen, "who was the Mend of my youth—whom I once loved with the affection of a sister—but whose presence is now so hateful to me that I cannot look upon him without abhorenea and terror 1" "Is it possible," said her aunt, with well-acted surprise," that you mean Meeran Hafaz ?" "Even he J" replied her nleoe, with burst of tears. " Ob, madam I do not, entreat you—-do not permit him to visit here—his presence again would kill me!" " Certainly not, my love, if you desire it although I confess I do not comprehend yonr motives. Knowing, how much yon had been together as children, I thought his visit would have afforded you pleasure, and invited him here. Had you been litjble more confiding with me it would not have occurred. How provoking 1" she added, with an air of vexation ; " I en gaged him to dine here on Tuesday next 1 «I can keep my room 1" observed Ellen. " You must not be agitated," replied the lady, " by knowing that he is under the same roof ! I have it," she continued. " I have an ol£-fashioned country house few miles from London—we will drive over in the morning—the colonel must make what excuse he pleases for our absence and we can return—let me see—on the Friday."' Ellen, in the unsuspicious innocence of her nature, was all gratitude for the considerate kindness which, as she supposed inspired the arrangement. As she em braced her aunt, to thank her, Susan noticed the half-suppressed iook of triumph which lit her features, and instinctively divined some, danger to her young mistress, *'J>o not go!" she Bald, as soon as they were alone. ''Pray do not go to this house in the country!" "Why not?" inquired the astonished orphan, who felt overjoyed at the opportunity of escaping from all risk of meeting with the young Indian. Susan was silent—she had nothing but her suspicions to offer against the intended journey. . » "At least," she said, "you will take me with you?" " Certainly, if you wish it" " I do wish it I" replied the honest girl «I should never know a moment's happi ness if yours were destroyed 1 lam young, and not very strong and courageous—but I have one at my command who is both!" "There is little need/' replied Ellen with a look of gratitude. " I shall be safe —quite 8a fe. What harm can possibly happen to me under the protection of Lady Mowbray V Not to alarm her, Susan kept her sue picions to herself; but that vety day she wrote a long letter, and took the occasion of delivering it feereelf to the postman { vhilct the family were it dinner. We scarcely need inform our readers hat it was addressed to Joe Beans. " You seem moody," observed Colonel to his guest, whom he had conducted to the library on the departure <>f his wife from the drawing-room; "disheartened," he added, in a sarcastic tone, at the first repulse!" " Not so," replied the young man; " the means may revolt me, although their success is certain.". " You are resolved, then, to proceed ?" "More than ever," was the answer. " She has stung my pride by her scorn, as well as wounded my affection, which is unchanged ! Strange," he added, fixing his eyes upon his host; " but she has by some unaccountable means connected me in some degree, active or otherwise, with the murder of your brother 1" " Ridiculous!" replied the colonel; "you were an invalid at the time." " True 1" " Confined to your bed!" " True I" " And never, to my certain knowledge, left the house till after the perpetration of an act which I still regard as a suicide, and which we all so much deplore." "True once more," repeated Meeran, emphatically; " none are better able than yourself to clear me from this foul suspicion 1 Speak to your niece; reason with ber on the subject; point out to her the injustice, the utter folly of her suspicions. Once convinced that she has wronged me, I know her generous nature too well not to anticipate the happiest result from her regret." " Before she leaves for Mortlake ?" said the colonel, with a meaning smile, which the young Indian perfectly understood, "Before," replied the youth; "but it need not prevent her journey. I think," he added, " that you said you would have no difficulty in procuring a license ?" " None I" " Or a priest?" ." Still less. I know a convenient fellow in Orders, who for money would marry the arch-fiend himself." Meeran smiled bitterly. He duly appreciated the compliment. "There is a subject," continued the speaker, " which gives me more uneasiness than this weak, silly girl's resistance to her iness, or the difficulty of your marriage." "Name it r " The Khan." At the name of his former confidant, the hitherto impassible features of the young man changed. He knew, better even than the colonel, the character and resolution of the man. " And what," he inquired, in a tone of affected indifference—which did not, how ever, deceive—" do you fear from him ?" " For myself nothing—for jou everything." "Formei" "Listen," said the colonel; "when left a few days since, to engage the old house at Mortlake, I encountered one of those vulgar, prying, curious women, who, having neither mind to cultivate, nor tastes to study, pry into every one's affairs, whilst they neglect their own. She was driving a pair of reBtive ponies. I was fortunate enough to render some service to her, which she repaid by retailing all the gossip of the place." " Proceed." "She informed me that a stranger, who was sometimes dressed as an Indian, and sometimes as a European, had lately taken up his abode in the neighborhood. His means appeared ample, yet he lived alone. She added that she bad compelled the hen-pioked thing she called her husband to write to the owner of the house, which he inhabited, to make inquiries respecting him, and had learnt " '• What 1" "That the landlord knew aB little about him as herself; even his name was us known to him. There was something in the woman's description of the stranger which struck me; I watched him,and dia covered that it was the Khan." Meeran made no reply, but appeared absorbed in meditation. The conduct of his former friend and guide had alarmed him; not for his safety —for he had little fear of his betraying him; but lest he should counteract his designs. He was one of the few men he feared. " Are you engaged to-night ?" he said, after a pause. "No—yes—that is, not particularly, 1 replied the colonel, who did not much reUsh the idea of a meeting with the Khan, " Will you ride with me I" continued the young man, moodily. "Where?" " To Mortlake," he added, with sudden resolution. " I cannot live in. doubt; I must see this man; he must be mine—or nothing!" It was finally arranged between them, that the colonel should dine with Meeran Hafaz, and that in the evening they should tide over in quest of the Khan. CHAPTER LVIIL His mind, like Time's repository, stored With scraps of curious knowledge, gleaned In the strange nooks and corners of the world, Where solitary Wisdom hides ber gems. Science to him was a familiar thing ; The only mistress which knows no deceit, —THB BOSICBUCIAV. The village of Mortlake has frequently been noted for the singular characters who have taken up their abode there. In the reign of Elizabeth, it was celebrated as the residence of that learned charlatan, Dr. Dee, the alchemist, scholar, mathematician, and astronomer, respecting whom tradition has handed down so many curious legends. The bouse which he occupied, in the early part of the present century, was used as a school; in fact, it has only disappeared within -the last twenty years. On more than one occasion, Elizabeth rode from her Palace or Sheen to consult its owner there. During her long reign, she manifested a confidence in the arch impostor which would almost lead us to question the masculine vigor of a mind which procured for its possessor, not only from her courtiers and flatterers, but from poets and grave historians, the epithet of " England's Lion Queen." In an old mansion, which is still standing, Colonel Ireton, Cromwell's son-inlaw, resided—there is even reason to sup* pose that the Protector himself had occasionally inhabited it; for the house still goes by his name. It is a singular old place; an oak-panelled room is shown as the bed-chamber of the great regicide; leading from it is a secret staircase, or rather the remains of one, whieh communicates with the vaults below; from whence a subterranean passage—part of which we have explored—is reported to extend to the opposite side of the Thames. This was the house which, by the direction ot Meeran Hafaz, Colonel Mowbray had taken, and to which it was intended to remove his niece, for the furtherance of their unprincipled design against their happiness. The place waff well suited for such a purpose; high walla surround the gardens on either side, and the wings are joined by an iron grille and gates, which extend the entire length of the main body of the building, of which several of the upper rooms, judging from the grated windows and the massive bars still remaining of the outside of the thick oaken doors, have been used as prisons. Most of the localities in England, which have been rendered remarkable by traditions, either of superstition or crime, influence in some degree the character, feel* ings, and opinions of their inhabitants. Thus the Protestant citizens of Glastonbury are devout believers in the miraculous thorn in the ruins of the ancient abbey of that city—which thorn iB said to put forth leaves and flowers on the anniversary of the birth of the Saviour; the country people near Bury St. Edmund's still think it unlucky for a bridal party to pass over the bridge under which the patron saint of the town was slain by his pagan enemies, and frequently go miles round to avoid it; the Cornish miners retain a peculiar Veneration for St. Michael, who has given his name to their picturesque mount ; and at Durham, many will be found to assert that St. Cuthbert, who was so capricioqs in the choice of his burial-place, keepB watch over the stately pile where his ashes finally repose. It iB not, therefore, to be wondered at, if the inhabitants of Mortlake, who retain many confused traditions of Dr. Dee and his marvellous stone, even at the present day areslightly tinctured with superstition. It 13 a common opinion amongst them that Cromwell House is haunted ; and' even those who affect to laugh at the supposition, prefer, at night, walking a considerable distance out of their road, to passing near it. The arrival of so singular a person as the Khan set all the tongues in the village in motion. The house he had taken waa detached from the street by a large field, at the bottom of which it stood. He received no visitors, employed no servant, spoke with no one; twice every week the Riohmond carrier deposited at his gate a basket, supposed to contain his provisions. The only thing positively known respecting him was, that he had a cage with tw? enormous eerpents in his room—some said he worshiped them; others, thai, by a compact he had made with a certain dark personage, he was doomed, as the price of his Bervices, to nourish them with his own blood—and an enormous tortoiseshell cat, as they styled the hunting leopard. From their error respecting the cheetah, we may imagine that, forty years ago, a menagerie had never, or very rarely, visited the place. Bo - great was the curiosity and excitement, that the rumor of Cromwell House being about to be inhabited scarcely caused an inquiry as to the name -of the new occupant; nothing was talked or thought of but the Khan. The renegade was seated in his lonely chamber, near a table on which were several skulls, which, to all appearance, had but lately been the seat alike of life and reason,' for the hair and flesh still adhered to them; beside him were scattered Beveral surgical instruments; whilst in the centre of the room was a singular-looking frame—consisting of two semi-circular piecesof wood, lined and padded, capable of being opened or shut by means of eerews ; : the height of the machine was just sufficient to inclose the head of a person of moderate height seated in the chair to the back of which it waB attached. The cage, with the two serpents, stood by the window ; the cheetah, with its chain and collar was attached to a staple at the opposite end of the apartment. With a thoughtful air the solitary inmate rose, and, taking one of the heads in his: hand, placed it iu the frame, and screwed the machine till the skull was so firmly held that, had it been attached to a living body, it would have been impossible for the owner to have moved it a single line, or shrunk from any torture or operation which the Khan might have thought proper to inflict. He next seized a large wooden mallet; just as he raised his arm, with the Evident intention of striking a severe blow, there was a gentle tap -at the door of the cottage. • Throwing a cloth over the machinery, 1 he replaced the mallet upon the table* and quitted the room; but returned almost immediately afterwards, accompanied by a thin, weather-beaten old man, with sharp, prying eyes, and frosty-looking features. The visitor carried a faded, rusty-black velvet bag in big hand,- which had all the appearance of having bBen made out of an old pall. He was the sextoo and gravedigger of • Mortlake.:. You have kept your promise," observed the Khan. << Ay 1" replied the old man, " although I am far from being assured that it is the part of a prudent man, or even of a good Christian, to do eo; were it to become : known in the village, I should hot only lose my 1 office, but run the risk of being torn in pieces by the women and boys of the place I" . 1 << Fear not!" said the Khan. 1 1 shall not betray you 1'' The sexton eyed him with a half-terrified, half-serious air, as he proceeded to open his ; bag, .and place'three heads, recently severed from, their, bodies, but evidently not: till after death, upon the table. " There is,little danger of ybur betraying me l" he replied; "since the consequences would be as fatal to you as to myeelf;they would burn you alive in your .retreats.. They already say-r " He paused, as if fearful of offending, and'hesitated. i" Weil!" said the- Khan, " what do they say? Speak freely! Think yon I have •lived to these years to feel eithe'reurprised -Of «ngry at the gossip of a set of ignoh&t; villagers?'-' •'•' k- • i^BitPvisitor looked round Ihe room, afe if he feared that the echoes of the lotaely chamber : would < repeat his words> &nd;, 'lowering ;his : voice,' demanded if iha^had evj^r heard <oT the famous Dr. Dee; V ,F*eqttently/V-was the reply; "-he was .pne pfihenaost learned men.of the age in iwhich he lived, and,' like myself, devoted Jtxiiuself ^o this pursuit of natural science/' . .^JJaturaljstaenoeJ'f repeated the man. j xenegade; " he was One of those enthu-: siasts who deceive others, being themselves 1 deceived- r But what of him?" be added, in - ia 'tone tdf sarprise—for he could toot comprehend how- a fellow Hke the sexton ehould- ihave Over heard, of the mystic charlatan. - - ••'•'•' . : , 4 fie diedanMortlake!" said his visitor, witha knowing air. ' ' f tff-Oh^MtrtM)''8tme|>- I'tjecoiledt^it was hae tbat Queen ^Elizabeth uBei to visit ijiildSlv-Ax « . . * ' " '•puff fylcQttW'y^r^Uect^t^-yoH mm f' exclaimed the terror-stricken grave-digger, who considered the wordsbf the Khan as a confirmation of his suspicion. " I have read bo," observed the renegade. "No doubt!" continued the old man, " perhaps you can tell where he was buried? No stonemarks the spot; and I have heard the rector say there is no mention of it in the registers." He to whom -the questions were pat, and observations were made, looked up, bb if to ask why the burial-place of the rehowned alchemist should be a point of interest to him. " I know 1" continued the speaker. U You ?" " I! And if you would like to see yourself again " correcting himself, he added, "that is, if you have any curiosity to visit the old church, I will point out to you the spot where his body is concealed— for it can scarcely be called buried. I made the discovery years ago, bit never had the courage to raise the lid of the : wizard's coffin. Is there any gold in it i" " I should think not," replied the Khan, with a faint smile; for he had heard of a ridiculous idea, broached by the gossips of the parish, who had taken it into their heads that he waB no other than Dr. Dee himself, returned in spirit to haunt the scene of his former achievements. "Of course you must know," observed the sexton, with an air of disappointment —for he had entertained an idea that the renowned philosopher and alchemist had been buried with his treasures. "At least we can ascertain," said the renegade, who felt curions to see .the last 1 resting-place of a man respecting: whose place of interment so much mystery had. been observed, and inspecting his remains., " But whatever the coffin may contain, I promise not only not to dispute the prise, but to reward you for yonr. compliance with my request." At the word "reward" the eyeB of thei old man glittered, and he glanced at. the three cadaverous-looking heads which he. had so lately placed upon the table. The; Khan understood him, and counted several pieces of gold into his eager hand, the fingers of which were lean and crooked as the claws of a vulture. " Are you satisfied ?" said his employer. A reluctant "yes!" to which the hungry looks still fixed upon the bag from , which the Khan had drawn : the-coin, gave, the lie to the old man's assertion. ' \ Will you want more heads 1" he. demanded. ';' '. " Bring me as many as you can proenre; but I should prefer them from aged was the reply. " No doubt 1" thought the sexton—who fully believed that the speaker employed them, as Friar Bacon is said to have employed the brazen head of bid, to draw oracular responses' from them—" the older the wiser.'* Speaking aloud, he inquired when the singular personage who had eo profitably employed him would like to visit the churchy adding that it must' : be at night. The Khan advanced towards the window, and noticed that' the heavens were overcast, and .the distant thunder gave warning of a coming storm.' ' Few persons, on such a bight, were likely to wander near the churchyard, or notice their entrance into the sacred building. * This night,?? he said.- • The old man trembled, but avarice mastered his fears. He assented * "but added, that his visitor taust come alone. "-Who : should acedmjjarijr 1 nie 'demanded the Khan, bitterly". • J loain'friendless—Jthow no one—love no one—and am •belcived by riofonel ^ The blasted elm,, at the end of the f . cemetery, is not. more wiiheredthan my heart 1" ." And most likely not half so.- old 3". thought his visit6r^ " Probably lie planted. it himself." As it wanted rather more -than an, hour to the time, the sextpn toQlc-hip, departure,' oA^i^l^^^'^^^^WM^fJ'iit in. reality ttf' avoid' remaining longfijr beneath, the'roof whicb ,hp firinly t>elieyed to .be "occupied by,n^ wrthiyih^ater' ' ".You haye f iwCice.d^'^he, paid, as,he, was leaving; 0 "^sMaU*oaken doprin,thesidepf the old church tower?'' The renegade, nodded,. to intimate : that: he bad.'; . , " „'..' •. ' j.' " Ms Boon as the clock hasstruck'twelve, I fihfcll te continued spe&ker; " you need ohly piisli it—it will be un^ locked* . f mount to. the,first - chamb^, , , , there I will await on—it ls ^nbt^far fiorn the place we seek." 'After promising' that he wcUld not faili; hls-ajipoliptment, the Khku ^ohdtipted 'M& t'mtM i tte-cotS^ep and : 3rew"itifei heavy bolt athwart the strong oaken doj>r after "him. When, be returned > he removed the cio\h from the framework on whioh the Bkull wan flxe8, and was about to proceed, in; flomei extraordinary, texperiment, .ceremony,. or incantation,; when he suddenly changed his intention. "Not now I" he murmured; 'f the^e will be time after my visit to the .wizard's grave J" CHAPTER LTX. . . . Do not all charms fly At the mere touch of'cold philosophy.? • There was an swful rainbow once in heaven— Now we know its woof and texture; it iagi've^, lo the dull catalogue of comtndn things;" J '- Philosophy will dip au angel's wiogs.i—KbMS. It is an established and somewhat melancholy fact, that philosophy and 'science have destroyed much of the poetry of life; tor every truth they ha\e disclosed, they have at least deprived the world of one cherished article of superstition—one poetic illusion j driven from townis and cities, the wild and marvellous took refuge in their stronghold, the villages and retired nooks of England ; but evfcn there they are being gradually assailed and defeateji in detail. The lover of the mysterious and terrible, at the present day must travel far from the busy haunts of men, before be will- meet with one tolerably authenticated ghost story. No sooner have boys and girls escaped from ihe nursery, than they laugn at its traditions; superstition ie cultivate^ more as a taste than a religion; there are but few right-down believers. Pocklington Hall, which, thirty years ago^ it was thought none but a priest could sleep in, would not now remain tenantless; since the trainB,. have run five times a day to Windsor, thp inhabitants of the place have lost much of their faith id Heme the Hunter. Our country cousins laugh at tb'e idea of the lion on the top of Northumberland House wagging its toil when it hears the clock strike twelve. We remember Once to havjs, met a Scotchman, who pronounced thp stains of blbod in-the apartments of Holyrood House humbug. From that moment we looked upon the return to the ancient belief in ghosts,'everburning lamps, trea- sures guarded by dead miser?, and benefitcent genii, as hopeless; and endeavored tp school our faith to mo'dern opinions. Aftep all, we-fear that we have but partially bacceeded. : In an old house in the C6un| f try, on a cheerless winter's night, the' impressions xrf our earlv ^ears returb ; ana: we are'once more devout believers;^at leasf, till niorhing. How often have we wished^ as the; sunbeams Streamed through the windows of our hermitage,' that we coul^ for "awhile live under the poetic influence of fear and superstition! - ! How much that is magnificent in poetry and painting dp we not oWe to it I Milton^ Dante, Ca'rayaggio, and ShakeBpeare: " | Oh I thou whose 6 pi ritmo Et p oSset ap'd The tecredbeat ot Shftkeepeate's breast; By all that frpm thy propnet broke, In thy divine iemotions spoke, Hither:again thy JEury deal; . Teach' me but once like him to feel; Hit cypress wr'ebth my meed debtee, And t ® Eear I will <iwell with thee. The~storm, : ns the Khan had,.foreseen; broke, long before the hour of midnight ove* Mortlake; the Wind' moaned 1 'ant shrieked aB it fl'wept round the gables, o: the houses, -and swelled into a perfect hurri cane when it broke against'the tower-of the Church-^-which tower, par - p'drbithese, much' "older than the ' rest 'bf the sacred edifice. 15 : ' ' - • '. j Despite r =the inclemency of the wektheri he 1 sallied forth- to' keep his appointment, frith' the sextob. : He could n6t rest; not that his mind, was disturbeclhy the war of th^ elements,' btit-liis blood'was feverish: Lik^ mpatnatureo yhich have been-crushed,- ! ot Secluded 3 from' their kindj'. bis' heart had preyed upon itself; h»s wisdom was of the chai»'oter which analyses the igranite-^not the flowers ^of the earth^and dwells upq4 the phases of death, rather than the beasties of existence;^ he'prefe'tred the r morbid to 1 the joyous. . ! As he adva.nced 'along the' narrow patb which conductedtoiBe place ofrendezvous] be'paused' more' than' once under 'the impression that he beard footsteps follow ihg him; -but the raging of the stiorm abcj tbe heavy ; splashing ; of the rain he con] Cltided had deceived him. At ' last he reached ibe toVrer 'of the 'chuiihl butnot till, he had bnce or twice fetdmblei over the lurf-boupd hillock^ wMoh proBBed his -path at every fetep he tpolc.' Pushing tlfe door as tbe sextbrihad directed him, he mounted the narro^ sMir-i %Me, and' entered a' eorji of bslliioft or! j%Hmbelr, where, ^by^'ftie dim lY^ht of 4 solitary luitern, 1 ie"fouS^!"iihe 'ttd ibatf awaiting bis arrival. The last stroke- o< twelve struck' as he made his appearanpe. " You are punctual!" ohserved fhp grave- ^? As death J" replied his visitor. " If I Waste' my own boors in dreams and; idle fancies, I have no right to ro|,^hers of their time. Few, pe%ps, M fo.^nch upon th^r bands ap myself. J, . ; ; His listenei^huddfewd j abr the words of the speaker confirmed in his mmdUha TOgne,.superstitious idea he had «q?c«5ved concerning him. ' ' ^ ; . 6 8 I ^ It must, indeed be a ;sad,| thing,f he thought, "not -to be ible to rest m Ones ^Arined with his crow-bar and a lantern, the sexton-descended.the stairs, rolpsely foliow(5d by theKHan. At tbe/hotfom of the descent, he pointed to £ small mound of earth, which.had evidently been recently scraped aBide, discovering a snjail T flaken door] studded;with\nfuls, atadilas^ed by a bar of iron drawn across. " Where do&s;\tIii8 Jfi&d; tqf'.demanded the renegide." • V- - 1 church} covered:;. .... ybut^for my fathpr held th^j'< sexiont 1 before 'me j and, I have heard the rector say, my .grandfather before hiriii." " And yoii'ha^p kept the secjet',?" , u " !Religiously^' said tfae,»oId man. In fact, .I^iiever^^sawhowIiouidjM.u.anjthing by revealing it. Many "have; asked xiie for the resiingrplace of Dr. Dae, but my'finger refused to point it out till it t was . touched by gold."' With; a look of contempt^.thc. Khan motioned him to proceed. -rSly their ^ni^d efforts "they Raised ihe door, which opened from the floor of the tower iike-a trap, disovering a second '"flight' of 'stone stairs similar to the first," terminating in a low, arched vault, which vas evidently of- very ancierit'date, "the groining being'exceedingly rude and massive^ The orily aftempt at oriiament in'' the architecture was in the key- stone of the arch, directly in the centre of the chambpr. It represented the head of 'an"angel,~ wiih the wings furled .at the,back. The features had been sculptured by no apprentice hand. They were cold and paseioaless as death, and yet possessed that terrible style of beauty which appeals to the imagination rather than the reason. As the Khan gazed upon it by the light bf the toiph— For he had "brought one with hito—khd'reflected that, by the accountf ffhich hi?,companion gave, his were the only human eyes which for half ajcentury-^'afl plated the spot, hexould have fancied that the angel of siience had been transformed into a stone, and transfixed there as the guardiati geniuis of the place; •"•'• •' • 1 ' {To be continued.) 