THE GHOST OF THE TRAIN ING STABLES. (Continued.) " The Captain's been stony broke this thre9 year," put in -Vicary. " How did he come by tho colt ?" " Picked hiin up in the tlales, from what I gather (he'd always a ruro oyo for a horse had tho Captain), and fancied him bo that be got young Atick to take half- share, and loud tho purchase-money into tho bargain, . I reckon. The Coulsons always thought a lot of tho old family. It wouldn't bo tho first time ono of thorn had helped a Berkeley out of a tight place." " That's true," assented tho landlord. "Markham told me old Alick hold onougli of the Squiro's paper to cover a room. There wasn't anything ho'd have stuck at to keep him on his legs. I remember him saying once in that very bar there, ' I'd come from hell,' he says, ' to stand by one of the old Etock.' Fifteen years ago this very day it was, just before the Ebor, and tho Inst time I oversaw tho old chup alive, for Blue Ruin kicked the life out of him in his box at Malton on the morning of the race. Nothing would servo the Squire but. tho horse must be shot tho same night. Lord, what a shindy there was ! And if it weren't like one of old Jierkeloy's fool's- \- tricks to put away AJ 1200 like-that, and him not knowing where to turn for tho re.ady ! But about this colt ; if he's such a clipjier, how is it nobody's heard of him before this?" ; : " Coulson has kept him dark. He's boon trained at Boverloy, and they only brought : him to Malton three woeks back. The hul tells mo ho has been doing very good work, and he is to be tried iu tho morning with Creaui Cheese — that is schoolmaster to the Leger crack. Now look here, if tho colt can beat Cream Cheese at a stone, he's a moral for the Ebor. Oil a heavy course ho'll walk -right- away foom Ghoul, and put usdn the cart." Tho landlord whistled. " Y&u; are sure the lad's square ?"' . " I'd peel the flesh olf his ' ones if I thought lie was putting the double on me, but he daren't try it. Coqlson's as good as . swore the boys over to hold their tongues, - _ InifcToui says the stable is that sweet on', his chance they'll put their shirts on tho ' colt at starting price." " Who's to ride him ?" " Alick's .-head lad. The brute lias a tempo r, and won't stand much toutling about ; but Jovons aiid ho understand each - other, and his orders ' aro to get him off well and sit still." _. \- " I siippose now," suggested tlie book maker, "this Jovons ain't a reasonable1 sort of chap ?'' Downey grinned. "As well try to square Coulson himself. He is one of your S imday-school and'L'en Com mandments sort is Jevons. Besides, his father was the old squiro's second horseman, and the lad was brought up in the stables. He swears by tho Borkeloys, and would never lend a hand to pub a spoko in tho captain's wheel. " Do you know what timo the trial is to como off ? "About six. I reckoned on Sliminy's being within call, for there is precious little time to lose. It is light by four." " I'm game," said the tout, " if Mr. Vicary will lend mo something to tako mo over." Thelandlordconsultedhis watch. "Half- past, ono," he said. " Let's see ; ifs closo on 15 mile to Coulson's. I'll drop you at the Pig and Whistle. You can get over the 'fields from Gunny's corner in twenty minutes." " You know your way ? " queried Davis, uneasily. "Every yard of it, guv'nor. Coulson and mo is old fricncls so long as we don't happen to moot. There .is a nice bib of covor at tho ond of tho ground whore I can lie snug. Will you wait for me, Mr. Vicary ?" " Aye, I'll be on tho road by Gunny's at seven. What for you, Downey; can wo ' give you a shakedown here '" " No, thank you ; I'm off," answered the jockey, laughing ; " you're altogether too warm in this corner for a nice young man liko me. I'm putting up at the Great Northern, and shall see you and Davis for the first timo on the course, and not moro than I can help of you then." The rain had cleared off, and tho first pale rifts in the eastern sky were broaden ing into grey dawn boforo Mr. Slimmy, from the convenient elevation of a friendly elder-busli, caught sight of a line of dark spec moving across tlie wold, and gradually resolving themselves into a string of horses. " Hero they como," lie murmured, pocketing the flat bottle from which ho had been refreshing his inner man, and' working himself cautiously forward on the stout bough, while he partod the leaves with his left-hand to command a better view. " And liore's young Alick and tlie captain. I . thought as' much," ho added, triumphantly, for the trainer and Berkeley had cautered up and reined in their hacks within ten paces of his hiding-place. In a very few minutes tho horses woro stripped and got into lino. " They will start themselves," said Coulson, and take it easy for tho first half mile. Then you'll see. Captain, that there is very little to fear but what tho colt will give a good account of himself to morrow. There they go, and a good start too." Tho horses jumped off together, a big clicstuut, which evou iu the half light Slimmy had recognised as Cream Cheese, coming to the front, with a clear lead. The soft drum' of tho hoofs on the moist ground died away, and tho two mon stood up in their stirrups, following with keen eyes tho dim outline of tho horses as they rounded tho curvo and swept into tho straight, the chestnut still showing tho way, with his stablo companion and a powerful-looking bay in closo attendance. "Thcvelie goes! " was the tout's mental ojaculatiou, for, at tho bead for homo, a dark horse crept up on tho inside, and, - taking up the running a.t half distance, came oil aud finished easily with a couple of lengths to spare. (to j1e continued.) 