How a Good Ship was Lost. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship ' Mary Compton,' of Bristol, England, was struggling with a foirful gale ft the coast of No-th America. The wind blew furiously, bat tho weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on' the Iron Rock Shoals. .This lighthouse . marked , the entrance to the harbour.; Once there, and ' they wero snf o. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. On reaching tho shore they fouud a struuge thing had happened. An enemy of the light house keeper had bound him hand and foot aud extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse iu tho world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? ?' You are beyond human aid.' These words were said by a physician to a womiu who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some timo. In June, 1889, sho was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she eould scarcely stand. Her head whirled 'and,' sho said, 'all objects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat slthough cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that sho could not lie down in bed and sleep. ' I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she says, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it,' I took it for tbrco weeks, then gave it up in despair. ' I talked with threo other physicians. Tho last one said, ? You are past human aid.' ' My henrt sank within me, for I hud five little children, aud my death would leaves them without a mother's love and care. I went home and criod till I was sick. I hud no ap petite and lmd lost ilcah till I toas-thin as a ; ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a groen and yelloTv colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at uino o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday rooming. ' At this timo I rcinombcrcd that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, iu East Street, Leeds (whero I live), hud been cured by Mother Soigel's Curativo Syrup. So 1 sent to Mr. Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could oat a dry crust, and by tho time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strengcu oacic. i am now ^Aprii, loau;, in better health than over bofore in my life. !? I should havo takon Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a tritlo coining iu f rani his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, aud it cured me, bad off as 1 was. All my friends and neighbours kuow the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry.' (Siguod), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected tho nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. Sho did wrong to wait ono hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. I20s 