HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of tbe 27th October, 1842, the good ship Mary Coiuptou, of Bristol, Eogjknd, was struggling with .a fearful gale off the coast of Korth America. The wind blew uriously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to tlie harbour. Once there, and they were safe Sure of bis position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including tlie cap*11 'nt were saved. On reaching the sbore they fouud a strange thing Itad T'BTffwnpJi A*i enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by tbe lights. irolid. What shall be said of the loan who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit*: ** Ton are beyond human aid.' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult bun. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so t No ; had no business to put out the light. This wtfnism bad been ill for some time. In June. -889. she was ereatly alarmed bv her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and ghe was bo giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled ''and,*1 she said, 'all objects seemed io go into a cloud.' She had to bold herself np, or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame, so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. ** I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she says, *' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, * I liave mixed yon some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks tlien cave up in despair. 'I talked with two other physicians. The last one naiii * You. ore TMWf Jtamuui aid.' *' My heart sank within we, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till Z was sick. I had no appetite and bad lost flesh till / was thin as a. ghost I ily motjier came to see me and did uot know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in iny throat. About Ibis time I commenced vou, .ting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I l-egan to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. Wilson, vrith whom I formerly worked in -?raw- ior.lt Mill, in Hatst-strect, Leeds (where I live), had been «ured l»y Motiier tieigel's Curative Syrup. So I scut to Mr Jessoii's, the clicmist, in Great Uarden Street, and got a bottle A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by decrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, aud by tbe time I Iiad nnUied the second bottle I had got over all my bail symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. X am now (April, JS90} in beuer licaltli than ever before in my life. ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had ouly a trifle coming in from hie clnl-, bat 1 thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friende aud neighbours know the facts I Iiave related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry.' (Sigued), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York Uuad, Leeds. TJjii was a case of indigestion aud dyspep sia, with symptoms chowing how far it had Affected tlie nervous system. A few woutlis, or posssibly vve^ks more, and Mrs. Mills would lwvc had no Lale tu tell. She did Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. WiUon. ** Wo understand ~ says tlie 2lticltty £t«,iriart{ of last wuck, ' O*at Mr. MoraJi, Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions here, received a telegram from the chief of the Civil Service^ Boatxl, asking him if he uill accept the clcrkslup at Clcnnout if offered to lum. Mr. Monui 'uirvd in the affirmative.' It would thus appear that the Clermont people nit.- not tu be deprived of tlie services of u. (.'Jerk of lYuy Sussions. 