CORNISH MUSICAL SOCIETY. On Monday evening last, the musical society in connection with the South Australian Cornish Association gave a New Year's entertainment in the Port Town Hall. The programme was somewhat of a novel one for Port Adelaide, consisting principally of old Cornish carols, and as the prices for admission were exceptionally low, a good assemblage was the outcome. The attendance, however, was not as large as might have been expected, which was probably due to' the holidays having only just passed. The society, however, has do cause to complain at the attendance, nor can those who were present complain at the performance, which was undoubtedly a cheap musical treat. Mr. John Cleave, J.P., who is, a prominent member of the Cornish Association, presided, and made a few introductory remarks. He had hoped to see a crowded attendance to welcome the Cornish Musical Society on their first appearance at Port Ade- laide. "Curr'l" singing would remind many others, as it did him, of the old home in Cornwall, and many of the carols to be sung by the Society that evening were thn same as used to be sung when they were children, and he was sure they would all be glad of the opportunity afforded of listening to them again. (Applause.) The chorus, which numbered about fifty voices, rendered their portion with plenty of spirit, the enunciation also being very distinct. The voices were exceptionally well balanced, the various parts, therefore, being heard to great advantage, which fact added considerably to the harmonious effect of many of the carols. An efficient orchestra also rendered good service, and gave the choruses a tone and finish that they otherwise would not have had. Mr. Harvey was very successful in his bass songs "True till the last," and "Simon the Cellarer," for both of which he was accorded rounds of applause. The Rev. G. E. Rowe, whom the chairman introduced as "the beginning of the Cornish Association," gave an amusing reading, entitled "a Cornish Ghost Story," which evoked roars of laughter from the audience. Miss Matthews was heard to great advantage in her renditions of "The Song that reached my heart," and "The fisherman and his child," the former piece being so well appreciated by those present that they would not be content until she repeated a portion of it. Mr. Thomas favored the audience with two recitations, both of which were well received. The whole of carols were heartily applauded, and the conductor, Mr. Youlton, has cause to congratulate himself upon the success of the entertainment, and the perfection to which he is fast bringing the society in chorus singing. Before the last number on the programme was sung, Mr. Harvey, on behalf of the Cornish Musical Society, moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Cleave for presiding. The Rev. G. E. Rowe in seconding the motion, said that he had been informed that Mr. Cleave intended to leave Port Adelaide on a visit to the "Old Country," on the 18th of next mouth, and he was sure that on the occasion of his departure Portonians would give him some substantial recognition of the many services which he had rendered to the town. He asked those present to join with him in wishing Mr. Cleave a pleasant trip and a safe return. Three ringing cheers wfere then given for Mr. Cleave. Mr. Cleave thanked them for their kind wishes. Although he would only be away for about eight months he was sure he would be glad to get back again to Port Adelaide. He intimated that a meeting would shortly be held for the purpose of forming a Cornish Society at Port Adelaide, when he hoped the Cornishmen would attend in sufficient numbers to form a branch worthy of the parent Society. The proceedings closed by ing the National Anthem. :W<&DVILLE; DISTRICT COUNCIL, P/eBent-7-AU. Overseer's report on the Jwprks .oi district, and that the timber for Henley Beach jetty had arrived,,and n»n';had put steps on Grange jetty, and were, tarrin» same, was received. Letter frpm York Political Association, calling attention to..the ticket.box at Kilkenny not being removed.— Clerk to write Commissi} ner of Railways about it. In answer to Council's letter to Railway Commissioners, aiking lor ticket-box on North side of r.Woodville platform, that they could not do ItJ as the.', traffic would not allow of the eitra expense. From Queenstown and 'Alberton District Council, enclosing report from Mr. Hargra^jps, in respect to flood witers at Queenstown, and asking Council's opinion of same.—Clerk to reply. Tenders accepted—For Port-road crossing, W. Fry, £8 7s. 6d; per chain ; Torrens-road, A. G. Jenkins, £7 10s. ,per chain; Findon-rnad, W„ Fry, £6 7s- 6d. per chain ; ca.rtage'stone, district, 'W. Fry, aundry prices; Henley B$ach, W. 1 Pry, #27 10s, per chain j road LeFevre'a Peninsula, J. Routledge, £50; plin of district, R. G. Gardner; survey of Beverley, A. J. Barnes & Co. Receipts, . . . . . . f£1843s. 7d.; payments—Main Roads, £342 94 10d.; district accuunt, £6119s. lid. 