Welsh United Free O&uroh..; T ho services hold Inst night in oonnootion with tho Welrh United Free Ohnroh poBaoraed rnthfr a painful interest, inasmuch SB they marked the Boverame from tho oburoh of tho junior deaoon, Mr. David Thomas, Oaxton street, who has been idontiSod with the oaaso from Mb inception, in February, 1885, up to tho present time, and whose deportnro fron the oily (" Brython " writes) will bo a great loaa to tho Welsh community. Mr. Thomas, who is a nephew of Mr BJokurd Edwardp, J. P., oame to this colony scinn seven years ago, and outored tho service of tho firm of Edwards and Chapman, and bos remained in it until within a few duys ago, when ho onterod into partnership with the old-established firm of drspois and grco-rs, Messrs. Thomas Roberts HL-d Co , of flhokaiono. Cho senior dtiicm (Mr. John Cardigan Jones) presided )>t last night's service, and tbo young draoon delivered what may bo oniled hia valediotory address, choosing as tho basis of bis observa- iionk the words in St. Mutbow's Qospbl, ohap. 2", v. 5 'I, "Truly thin was tho Son of God." By way of intri duction Mr. Thomas explained the ci-'roimstauctB existent shortly prior to tho mating of tho declaration by tho oenturiou, th it tho Jewfl had been looting forward for tho ct ming of tbo Mvssiuh, as an earthly hiug, who wan to bo ever with them as an eurthly ruler, ratter than as the I'rnoo of L'.uae. Tlioy were dieapitoiuted iu thoir oxnoutitions. they began to doubt, and instead of socking to Iinvo that feeling of doubt mat .vet from their hearts Ihey nursed it, fondled it, a9 it were, until eventually it took oueh a hold upon tti m that tley ntsolntely deniod Christ's MiFBit-liiliip. Alt tbo indigcitios that ouuld bo offered to Ilia vilest of matctsotors wcro heaped open His hoed ; and while Ho was petting through tbo Inst throes of tbeorual crucifixion, with Bis orown of thorns, with hia In nt t pierced, and tho blood courting from his riven side, His hands and ftiot nailed to tho no- eurtcd cross on Oalvury's Mount, tbeso pimple steed around, utooktd Hiui, and jeered at B:m njiug, " If thou bo tho son of God, oomo dosu from tha oroas." But presently all was over. " Ho yiolded up tho Ghost," aid iu His ignominious death was acoomplishod the gnat work of human redemption And what happened? "Behold, the vail of the Tomplo wns rent in twain lrom tho top to tho bottom ; and the earth drd quake, and tho rooks rent ; and the gruveawere opened, uudmony bodies of the saints which slopt uro,e, and osma out of the gravis after His resurrection, and went into the holy oily, and appeared nnto many." All nature wua convulsed by this awful revolution, i-i.d it woo the witnessing of tho terrible scene which tho apostle hi-d so graphically de pictured that led to the words, "Truly, this was the Son of God." Closing on oifeotivo diicunec, Mr. Thomas oounsellod his hoarurs to guard against doubt and uaboliuf, ord to be b'lu-g in the faith, continuing in love and g- nth nets, assisting one another in ovory prrribie wuy, and thou they might yet Had that the Welsh ouuto in Bridbauo would net bo without its good itfi'ot upon tho community. Subsequently Mr. Ben Jouen, Brynuwnl, and Mr. William Evans, WestEiid, bore testimony to the deep regret which the ohnroh felt at Mr. Thcmas'a approaching doparture fr< m tho city ; spoke of tho valuable koi vices he bud rendered since he bad born ebwen to the denconato in succession to tho >Htt< It minted Mr. Thornac, Lattvyoho ; and of their carntst hope that ho might be spared very mm y years to develop a life which was so full of prendre. Mr. Thomas, who was n little liiliuttd, iron, iced to pay tire oburoh oasaslonal, t-i.d as fn quint visits as ho possibly oonld ; di-claud that he felt that whatever of usoful- ui-rt; be hod been ablo to show for tho benefit »f ilio Welsh canto was the result of hia iiBKciation with this ohuroh, and thut therefore lie should feel bruud to do whatever lay within bis power to farther its interests. Mr. Thomas lii.vrs lo-duy for Blaekstono " and " (adds our coriebpoudett) "I have no doubt that his ki i.whdgo of business, of tho morul principles by which it bhould bo oonduoted, whioh he has imbibed from his late employers, a»d his pem-verance and zeal will cuaura for him not a! cue worldly aucco's, but tho rospeot of tho row community with whom ho will henuoforth isrugio. Mr. Thonina Thomas ( Blacks tone) will oouduot tho service next Sunday, when dc vibllesa tho initial stops will be taken to elect u now doacon." 