Crumbs Pay. Fine Clear. Greed. Bribes. Rotten. Theatre. Braoing. Garner's. Rapacity. More pay. Corruption. Retaliation. A charming ghost. Middleton penitent. Cake Fair still open. Budget oh August 18. Parliamentary squall. Dog and Poultry Show. Fasting man fading away. We have.400 mounted rifles.. . Hugh Gilmore has returned. Flippetty-fioppetty Gfrainger. Milking the Government'cow. A tale unfold about AHerdaie. Tom threatens to unfold a tale. Barometer at noon to- day, 3014. •'. : t City.Gouncil junketingatthe HilL ' --}• .<. Generous with other people's money. Victoria Racing Club wants a judge. St.Bernards in^greatioroe at the8how. • , Sa.voiy dishes /or the French fightit^tteQ. Pharmaceutical Society is a Hvs iwftitntian; • Hen Convention at the Exhibition Building Midwife Taylor's conviction of murder is a»- held. Fitzjames purchased by powifijg men 'for £130. The Fitzjames has left the Government service. ' 1 '' Argentine building np paper banking houses* • -'i • Plenty of crowing and barking on Northterrace. Is a strike being worked np of Moonta miners? Admiral Stephenson is to be onr Lctrd High Admiral. The English cricketers will play first , m Adelaide. . There's a'good deal Of human nature in the Assembly.. . . What a tale of joy and woe the Fitzjames could tell. It appears that the warrant against Davidson was illegal. Theophane crew refuse to do the work of stevedores. Rev. Hugh Gilmore rejoices again in the air of Adelaide. "Members by receiving direct fees forfeit their seats." What Mr. Gfundy thinks is a good'deal to tbe chemists. Dog and Poultry Levee commences at 1 o'clock to-day. Four vessels of the new squadron are off Thursday Island;- What has become of the money subscribed for a Trades Hall? In competing for business men .-must keep cleat of the lawyers. Superfluous for winegrowers to exhibit in the " tight" little island. Fasting man at one end of ihe town and a skeleton at the other. It is alleged that there are Italian aiave children in Australia. Young Tuckwell apologized for libelling a rival insurance agent. John L. Sullivan is considered to be a complete frost in Sydney. . Lord Kin tore is not willing t3 be merely a figure-head Governor. Brace Middleton got off with & light sentence of twelve months. To talk about the privileges of citizenshipnowadays is a good joke. The tiny worm, Tom Vlayford, turned agsiasfc the huge foot of Allerdale. Vote of censure on the Governor without notice—too bad, Allerdale. Another complaint of the way theWtllshir* prosecution was conducted..:... A scheming old forger, got ten years from. His Honor the Severe Judgfe. Treasurer is displaying ignoranoe already on Marine Board administration. What does Hop think of Treasurer's makindly shortening explosive staff 1 Judge Boncaut 'is on the right: track is cautioning Magistrates and policemen. Canada is very much troubled abotit. m^ ciprocity, outride and inside the-colony. • '' Sun roee at 6.50 a.m.; sets at 5.20 p.ra. Moon roee at 8-28 a.m.; sets at 7.36 p.m. Nestor Hawker brought smiles to the jolly face of the Commissioner of Public Works. No more reformatory discipline -for the Fitzjames. Jovial times in store with tbe rowing men. Sir Henry Parkes is perturbed about Lord Eintore'e despatch on the Asiatic Labour question. The complaint is that members cannot make any profit out Of sums voted by themselves for expenses; It is about time Parliament let the -general public share in the generoeity manifested-fo members. The Magistrate whom Anting Chief Justice Boncaut wigged has shown that he was-on* justly attacked. That the appetite grows with what it feeds upon has been proved sinoe payment of members became law. , 1 Attorney-General and Mr. Gillen havefomad some one to eay a word for them in oonnectioa . with the recent murder triaL Mr. Armes Beaumont, the popular tenor, will arrive by this morning's express to sing at Saturday's popular concert. Was Allerdale afraid of the Governor that he wanted to rush that motion when His Excellency was out of the oolony * Agricultural Department of New South Wales is givinjt a revelation of what earnest men can do, snpfortcd by the Parliament Mid the pc iple. The old order passeth away in which a maii • gloried to give service tothe State in kind; and the new oometh in which the State must pay himtin hard cash. Edison, says an Americas jounnJ, reports that his latest invention , will enable a man to remain in the circle of his .family and twitness a prize fight at the same time. Mr. Meckan, who disputed'bis ancle's will, fought a tough battle, for his cousins. The result is that half-a-dozen nephews and nieces get £10,090 each instead of four. receiving £30,000 each. Catchy phrases are the nge of the day with "advertising writers" in America. It begdh with, " We press the button," and yon know the rest. But it has reaohed the cUo?ax, for in an out-west American oitjr j«j undertaker has hung otot a sign on this wiae^ ** Yon kick the bucket, we do the rest." ..' A gentleman gives a melancholy acconht of his experience of the pfobate and legaaydntie* in England. He says that oa the death of his brother, he came, jointly with his mother, into an estate valued at £4,700, and was afe once compelled to pay a probate duty ofijlil, A few weeks later he xeoeived a further mand for legacy duty to the amoum>of £68; As the yearly inoome from the .tttjkte .dtdy amounte to£115, he has been oompdled to pay down at cmoe nearly tob.JMn'inioiiVMd being a poor man, helms 'hBid tofatirrow money. .His estate certainly lnokn unmawW; of * damnosa heredita* at preseot. Bnt : should he tiot sell the eetote, pay the dutie andpociket'the surplus 1 FAX,-Our indefatigable Antiquarian Otndir man has, after any amoont of clMSeal rMeUch, spotted August 7, B.e. 480, aa the date'of V* famioue Battle of Thennopyla. . Tb» natM itself signifies "hot gate." It "is a pnpte the eorth-eaet of Greeoe, oon5sttng of a passage, between high cliffs'on on the othex of an' impassable marsh itemed by alluvial deporits^-^rith—k>ts--«f • hot springs in tbe. vio»ity«- Need I xelato to you, my boy, how Leonid as,' at the bead of only 300 Spartans, pithstood thenhde fon» cf tbe vast Persian army foe three dAe. •nd how, when Xerxes sebt a messenger mending the Greeks to give m Leonid as returned for ansyw, «Infc „ and teke them," and 3»w $Q,0<» Xftsi perished in "the. conflict, -and VBnfrfr _ perfidiously led the enemy by a secretpathup the mountains to the «ar of the Greeta^toe how .the noble.300 patriots perished gloriously on heaps of their slaughtered tow. uiamtir only one cowardly fellow psaabed j . WjffJZZ dear boy, all this was fawim hp joarmmSh tors sixty generations befcm ynB 'were' ten. and will not be forgotten ^ 'twwMaia.; hence, yon bet. Fa*. * * ' ' * 