I spaari_T€K T THE TURF. STotestor 'Marfindifle.' It ooold not be said that the action of TattersalTs com j— tttee in jpostponin g tEeif last Saturday's race — iee_ ng met with _ ie«pproval of the general public. Though Tjattersall's is not a proprietary club, they have lately been under a heavy expenditure over. their new club rooms; consequently the committee are ntp-ViTi- every effort to husband their funds. Quite Tight too, but' racing is not sow like what it was some years baek, and a eo_ _ lifctee when post ponii iff now should look ahead. As the 'matter now stands they are clashing1 wrth a pony race meetinsr to be held by Canterbury Park, and shoul d thevsecure the coarse for next Saturday they clash with three meetings— ^those to be held by the Kewo&Btle; 3'ookey, BoseMll, and &? Driving Park. Had the committee left their decision an honr later on Saturday, they would have had a splendid day. The well-known writer ' Ta~~_t' states that strangles tms year have been very bad at Tocal, and I regret to hear that three fillies succumbed to its effects, vie., by The Dr_ mi uer from Young Emily, by Sweet William from Vera, and a daughter of Batler _ ad A lgflrine. One very bad eaeo was suocessfully treated by the Newcastle vet, Garrara, and I ain glad to be able to cbioniole that all the yeanlings are flow qtdte reeovared, aud. are doing remarkably weU. . ' , Komms _ic~s for the Pukes Jockey Clnb Sixes Produce Stakes, to be run at the annual race meeting in 1892, close on October 31. The winner of this xaee wil; rscsive 70 sovs. Visitors to C&nlfield; have frequently disputed the official time, sod with good reason too. 'It is now re ported that an electric timing apparatus, simitar to that is vogue at Mem ington, ia to-be erected. It will bs an impro~ ement, as _o end of people are very parMo— iar as to having it correctly taken, they basing their calculations upon it, not with always winning results I believe. The sprint? race meeting in connection with the Walgett Turf Club has been fixed for November. V... and 12, when they will give away 400 both in added money. The following are the foaJings at Tocal up to date : . Auguat— 9th, Vera (by Kelpie^ — Blink Bonny), colt by Sweet William ; 11th, Happy Thought (dam of Tom Brown, Screila, Merriment, &c;), colt by Golds brough; Ifiih, Sophietina (imp.), purchased at Mr. Town's sale for 400gi 1, uily by Splendor: 19th, Min gera (by Yattendon— The Fly and dam of The Oaks, Muscatel, &c;), filly by Goldsb rough; 19tk, May Qneen (by Gfoidsbrougb— Mermaid), filly by The Drummer ; 24th, Colima (dam of Spiendide), filly by Splendor. The crop of youngsters is eaid to be au es pecially fine one, and some metropolitan sportem en who have seen them are greatly in love with two colts out of Thomar and Minuet (sister to Melos), by Sweet William. The imported horse Tregeagle, wfro came to Aus tralia in 1869, in company ~ith Tajk-o'-the-Hill, died a few days ago in South Australia. Bred by Lord Falmouth in 1865, Tregeagle was by Wild Dayrell from Silverhair, by Kingston from England's Beauty, by Birdcatcher, and was a good performer on the English turf. Among the horses sired by Tregeagle may be mentioned Device, Spectre, Wattle, Umslopo gaas, Ghost, Delamere, Symbol, & c. : The many frieDds -oi the bookmaker, Mr. John Cannon, will be pleased to hear that he has success fully undergone a second painful operation at St. Kilria Hospital. It will, however, be some time before he is able to resume b_dness. According to a cable message dated London, August 28, the French authorities have rescinded the order addressed to the English bookmakers at Calais and Boulogne requiring them to quit the cou_try. After thinking the matter over quietly, the authorities have come to the conclusion that their expulsion would be hurtful to the local trade. No doubt Messrs. Valen tine, Hardaway, Toffine, and Co. assisted the authorities with their advice to arrive at this opinion. The newly erected building in Pitt-street, which will in future be occupied by Tattersall's Club, will be officially opened to-morrow at 3.30 p.m. v Last Saturday at the Victorian Trotting Club Meeting, held at Ebrternw iek Park, Glenlotii, who held a great reputation about the southern part of New South Wales, was sent out twice favorite, but failed to get home in either races. In the August Handicap, 5£ furlongs, with 7st, he was made favorite at 3 to 1. Leyland, 7et 31b, won by two lengths from Pretender, 7ai 91b, who beat Glenloth by a length. The lime was lnrin 12£seo. Not satisfied with his defeat in the above, the Glenloth party backed their horse down to 5 to 2 for the E_ ternwick Park Handicap, which was won by Eedfern, 8st 101b, by three parts of a, length from Clonard, with Golden King third. Eedfern is a son of Mr. W. Kelso's favorite ssare Stella. To-morrow afternoon a pony and trotting meeting will be held at the Sir Joseph Banks Grounds, Botsmy. Special trams will run to Botany as usual. The usual, weekly pony race meeting at Lillie Bridge had to be postponed on Saturday night because of the rain in the morning having made the course rather heavy, and it will be held this evening, when in consequence of the fine weather experienced on Sunday the track should ba in excellent condition. Entries close at 4 o'cloek this afternoon for the various events provided fox the Lillie Bridge pony race meeting to be held on Saturday night next. The following are the items which require, attention : Midget Handicap, of 10 sovs (12.1) , 3 furlongs; Forest Handicap, of 10 sovs (13.3), 5 furlongs ; Tox teth Handicap, of 10 sovs (13), \ mile ; Time Handi cap Trot, of 10 so~ s (harass), 2 miles; Novelty Plate, of 10 sovs or trophy, for Shetland and other small ponies (11.2 and under), ma.idenst catch weights, amateur riders. 