NADJA : OR, A BATTLE WITH DEATH A Love Story Founded on the Mysteries of Theosophy and Transmigration. By FREDERIC M. DEY. Author of " VrSi ; or, Reuben Cogswell's Testamentary Request. " CHAPTER I. THOSE EYES OF BLAZING FIRE. The story which I nm nbnnt to relate is so filleil with mystery, en replde with those things which the world calls impossibilities, that I can often fiml myself wondering if it can he I too. On it be that I hnro dreamed it all, and by reason of its con stant Association with facts, hare thns tangbt myself to believe it ? No, no I By tny side s\ts Nnrtjs, and from Viirlips come the repeated assurance that it has been no dream. In the wonlrMis deptb of her midnight eyps I sw that all has Iweii reality. I know that I now dwell in the perfect bliss of her love, and that. I have only obtained it hy arising, Phfflnijt-like from ihenshwof lhn blighting, consuming fire which scarred me, body and .sonl, be yoml rwofiiilion. 1 can hear now the hissing of the flume, and can yet feel the scorching, withering lioat th«t shot mil from the ironisti with the bnniing eyes, her NpmwiR and mine. ' No, no ! It has hwn no dream. It wrr all too horrible, tno terrililc, ton real I t have lived it through ; I hare home the tests j I ha«e IhurM the dread haltle with dark mystery for a foe, and I have been victnrimiR. From nnt Hi' maze of smoke and heat, the terror of the dread i!uel to the death, wherein the woman-fiend was so often, for a time, the victor, I bate issued unscathed ; and as I look back nnnn that strange chapter of my life, and bring to mind the Vfondcrfol power of my steadfast friend, who fo magically penetrated the mysteries that nnnlil otherwise have engalfed me, bb I recall the almost impossible achievements of his occultism, his knowledge of the black arts nf Hiudoo lore, I start yet acain with tromler and alarm, and it is not till I feel her arms twining around my neck, until her «»nu, red lips are pressing mine, that I am injured that 1 dn not sleep, that I have not bwn drcitiuin:; that I may nnt soon «pen my cjv-s t.. fim! that I am still alone in my sunlio, in the 'ailing light nf day, nnlmetl, Ffid, anil with passing hours becoming more mul more a confirmed dreamer. But I will tell the story in detail ; I will unfold it, page by psg'S incident by in cident ; and perhaps the recital, the carefnl retrospect may help to drive away the fancies which the terror and the horror of it all have so firmly impressed npon me. I sot alone In my studio us day wan merging into mghl — aloai- with the ghosts which my fancy wrought npon each half finished canvas, us the eddying light of that dying day became with each moment more uml more elionllied in shadow. 1 bos rapidly becoming a viciim of melancholia ; my gaiety had turned, during the past few months, into morosencss, my high spirits into bitter dissatisfaction and petulance. The day, which was jnst drawing to a close, had been one of bitter disappoint ment to me, for I had seen the honor which my ability had rightfully wnn deliberately awarded to another. Out wardly I remained calm, bat npon re turning ib my studio 1 had thrust my hand and arm through the canvas npon which my gnwtest effort had been grow ing day by day for weeks. I had mined the painting effectually, and then, with a grin ot satisfaction, I had lighted my pitie anil thrown myself into the loung ing chair before I he window, nliere 1 sat watching the sunset tints and bitterly wondering if those, same ronnoiswnre who bad condemned me won'd not also have ( passed by those golden clonds with which Hatnre's brush had so grandly decorated thesk). As I watched the gorgeons coloring, the strip of goM-huert cloml, I beenme in) bned with the idea that fate had placed it there as a promise for my fnlure ; hut 1 langnen aionn, ironically, at tlic ihnnght, while I muttered surngely : ' Although it is gnhl vow, should I but touch it, it would turn to brass on the instant.' Still Iconid nnt drive nway the thonghl : it was plensant to dream npon, anil so 1 allowed my fancy to hnild its ensiles in the air. Snddenly there was a smart rap npon the panel of my dmir. 1l came so un expectedly and broke in so rudely npon my dreaming that I had leaped to my feet before i realised the nature of the alarm. For a moment I thought thnt I wonld make no response I was not in the mnod to entertain, «nd still lees to hear the pity ing condolences of some artist friend, who had probably called for the purpose .of mourning with me over my defeat. As I stood in the centre of the floor, undecided whether to admit my culler or not, the rap waa repeated, «nd thnt alarm wob so mnch londer than the preceding one had been, that I lirsilated no longer, but stepped qnickly forward and threw open the door. ? With o londcrj I staggered baek.-ojiil stood staring affrightedly into the black darkness of the 'irnnioti for there, before ? me. were two bnllR of living fire, glowing, sparkling, hm-nina, as though somo wild ? '? beast of the jnngle. wen crouching there, ready to spring upon and devour me. : 'Indeed, that was the first sensation of which I wa» contusions, and the next one came when a »oiee — a woman's voice — ' addressed me ; J ' la this the studio of Mr. Cong-lonT-k | ? It is,' I replied, in a law tone, nnt yet having recovered my wits, and mentally chiding my own fnlly and stupidity. ' Will yon wnlk in ?' She entered— n tall fignre habited en tirely in hlnck — mid I rould nnt help shud dering as she drew near to me, jnst as tbongh her very presence hud bronght n drend with it — a premonition of coming evil. 1 hnrriedly lighted the gut, fooling that' the darkness was the cause of my fancies, and then hirned to offer my visitor a chair. 'EBnt again I started violently, for the face that I saw before me was so strange, so nnnntnral in its dmih-like liriJness. Her complexion, though dark almost to swarlhiness, had absorbed a pallor which reminded me of a sheet of parchment buried for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to be at last exhnmed, yellowed by a thonsnnd years of time. The coloring of her face vras as nothing, however, and I wonld hare speedily for gotten it had not her jetty hair set it off bo strangely, so vividly. Bnt when my glance met hers — when I looked into her eyes I stood appalled. They literally burned, and with a fire so intense thnt 1 involnntarilv pnt up my hands, ns though to bar ont the heat that mast be emitted from them. I was re pelled yet fascinated. 1 longed to fly from the blazing frry which seemed ever ready to dart ont npnn me, and yet I frit irresis tibly drawn nearer and nearer. I was terror-stricken, yet charmed. I did not spenk — I could not. The room grew suddenly hot and stifling, my breath came with difficulty, and I had the feeling that my senses were in some nnncconnt able manner being stolen from me. Summoning all my energies with one mighty effort, I turned to the window and pnt downtbeenrtain. The diveision relieved me, the oppressive sensations were gone, so that when I acsin faced my gwst 1 lielieved that my imagination hud played me a trick, for the 6 re had died ont nf her strange, dark eves, leaving them dim and almost expressionless, while aronnd the corners of her month there pliiyed a peculiar smile, us though in the brief inter val daring which she had been with me some query that hnii'beeD npon my mind was effectively answered. I was impressed with the idea that, however she might state the object of her call, there was some hidden intent behind it, of which I was to become an nnsnspecting, perhaps union scions victim. I felt a strange, sudden chill steal over me — that shiver which chil dren say iB csnsed by the act nf somebody in stepping npon one's future grave. ' Mr. Congllon,' she said, ? I Ure come here opera the recommendation of one of your artist friends, a Mr. Jules Delortne.' ?Ah 1' I replied, ahmptly, for I sud denly remembered thatas I was leaving the Academy that afternoon Jules had thrust a -bit of folded paper into my hand, which I, in turn, had consigned to my pocket without reading, being loo mnch occupied by the bitterness of my own thoughts to to think of it again. In all probability, it referred to this call, and I' wished that I had read it. However, I ceold do so as soon as I should be again alone. ' I want yon to paint a portrait for me,' she continned, sinking into the -?osy chnir ngftinst which my pipe was still leaning — ' the portrait of one who is so heantifol that yon have bnt to sneceud in making a perfect pictnre to become at once fsmons.' I bowed in reply, for I dared not apeak ; my heart was bounding with too mnch ex ultation. It was the very opportunity for which I had longed. 'Yon will have bnt little time in which to accomplish the task set for yon,' she went on in a low monotone which seemed peculiar to her : ' three days at the must.' ' Impossible I' I exclaimed. 'No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, and I least of all.' She shrngged her shoulders. ' Nothing is impossible if the will be bnt strong enough. True, ynn will hare yonr model for only three sittings, bnt they may begin early and end at yonr own pleasure. May I depend npon yon to paint the portrait, Mr. Congdou? Will yon do it f ' ' Bnt there are others who possess mnch greater talent that I,' I began with some hesitation, bnt she interrupted me qnickly. ' For my purpose,' she said in a low tone, ' believe me, there is no one half as capable as yourself. Will .von do it 1 ' She leaned forward as she asked the question, and again for an irtsfnnt her eyes blazed with that strange fire which render ed the atmosphere 1 breathed so hut and stifling. ' Can it be a portrait of her own face. ?' I thonght, for with all the weirdness which seemed to be a port of her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her features, 'Bnt no,' I half muttered in reply to my own thought, and then 1 answered her alond, 1 1 will attempt it,' T. said ; nnd a strange, exulting smile illuminated her face for an instant ' Tell me, now, who and what is my model ?' I continued ; and us I asked this question my visitor's facelightened np yet once again with that incomprehensible smile. 1 Yonr model,' she replied, in a low tone which thrilled me, ' is one who since she firat breathed the hrenth of life has been my constant care. She is henutilnl, the perfection of creation. Were yon gifted with the imagination of the gods of art and with the brush nf Gnidn, and conlii yon sit here alone in yonr slmlinand transfer to canvas a portraiture of the acme of beauty, the perfect ideal of loveliness, yon would have no need to see yonr model, for her picture would grow before your eyes.' Sbc'rose from her low seal in the easy chair, nnd laid a card npon the table, and tlien glided rapidly towards the donr. PrwAinc? br fthe was nbont tn no.ss throneh it, she said : ' We will he ready lor yon at nine in ihe mnming. The address is npon the card.' The door closed behind her ami she was gone, while I still remained seated npon Ihe stool in front of my easel, conscions that I had shown her but scant courtesy, and yet, for some reason, powerless to move. For a long time after she had left roe I remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant ; why Iharl been selected as the artist for this work when there were so many with ready-made reputation who were certainly more capable. 1 wondered who my caller could be, and why her presence had moved me so xtrangely. I marvelled that I, who believed myself so strong, had been so easily swayed by the will of a strange woman. My head throbbed with new Retention long after she had gone, while many mis givings presented themselves to my fanci ful mind as thu possible consequence of her visit. At last I reached forward and took np the card which slie hail left npon the Islile, hnt as I glanced at it I felt a thrill of dis may. There was no nnme. npon it — nothing but the address. The street and nnmber were there plainly enough, bnt that was all I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor could I learn until the morrow. She did ant give roe her name ; I had not thought to ask it. In fact, the more I pondered over the occurrence the more I became convinced that in some way of which I was totally ignorant my visitor ha-i compelled me to remain satisfied n-ith the little she chose to tell me, and thnt my natural zeal for learning all that conld be learned regarding the appointment had been forgotten. Hud I been made the victim of a hoax, or was my caller insane 1 Snddenly I remembered the note which lilies hud thrust inlo my hand at the door of the Acn-lcmy, and I drew it forth eagerly, thinking that I wonld there find some explanation of the chain of circum stances. ' But a new disappointment awaited me as I read the note. It ran ; ' Dejb Blakely,— t hove taken the liberty or rucormnenaiog your name to a person who wishes a portrait of the most beaalifol crea ture lever saw. I deolined the task for reasons which you will understand when you »w your model. I eould not have doue the painting justice, bat I am convinced that you can. Yon know what a dread I have of any thing ont of the beaten track. I wonld say more if I oonld, but I have broken my word even now, for I promised to say nothiug, and I »m obliged to -confess that I do not even know the name of the person to wnom I have recoinmou ied'~ your I hope that you will ndertako the portrait »nd euooeed well with it _ 'Jules Pelorxb.' For a lone time X- pondered over the words which Jnl^Jiad written, nnd then I tore op the nuti iud forgot it. Bnt I had decided to keep the appoint ment I had made, at all events. The morrow will revealthe mystery to me, if mystery there were, and I could wait. . I turned out the light, aod, taking tny pipe once more, »at for a long time in the easy-chair before the window, thinking, doubting, wondering — ' dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before,' nntil at last-tny eyes closed, and tben I dreamed indeed. I fonnd myself snddenly in a brilliantly lighted room, standing, brnsh in hand, before a monstrous ease), which was draped with long festoons of crepe. The very walls of tbe apartment were hnng with the symbols of monrning, while the bnsh of death rested upon tbe silent air. Before me stuod my model, a creature so perfect, so superbly beautiful,. that I felt my own utter inability to comprehend the loveliness ofhet exquisite face. For many moments it seemed as though I' sat staring, enth ralled and speechless, npon that vision of wondrous beanty, until at last, in despera tion, I touched my brush to the canvas. On the. instant the entire vision changed, and instead of that form of magnificent splendor and perfect beanty, I saw before me the face of my late caller. But, in sornn way, even that was transformed. The latent bennty or nobility which I had seen in it had fled, and in its place was the face of a woman-fiend. The burning eyes seemed, in my dream, literally to blaze with 6re, until the flamea shot ont of them and filled the room with a stifling heat. I gazed! npon her, fascinated, for with every instant the face before me more and more reassiimed the features of the face that I bad seen first, nntil at last the radiance of that great beanty shone npon me again. Bnt stop ! and in my dream I seemed almost to hold my hrenth for an instant. There was a difference I What, waa it? The face which my vision pictured . before me, and which I was to portray npon the Cftnvas, was that of my model : but even though I admitted that mncb, I felt ns snred that her son] had snmebow gone ont, and that the personality was that of the woman with the bnrning eyes. The face was there, hnt the sonl seemed to have departed. Again I lifted the brush and essayed to pnint, bnt, as the pictnre grew, I saw that I was depicting the livid pallor, the parch ment-like skin, and the burning, firy eyes of my caller instead of the face of my model. I cast the canvas aside, and tried again. The result wns the same. Again, and yet again 1 renewed the attempt; bnt with every effort that terrible face grew more and more hideous, more and more frightful. It became a meuance ; it ap palled me. I worked as [ hnd never worked before. I strove with all my might to paint the counterpart of the face of my model, bnt it ever seemed as though that hideons soul burned through the beautiful features, and I conld could depict nothing else. At last in utter despair, I threw down my palette and brneh, as wilb a paroxysm of rage, I tore the canvas into strips and stamped ojion them. ' Bring hack the sonl that once dwelt behind those eyes, and I will paint the porirait!' I cried in my dream; ' bnt I cannot, cannot dn it now !' Then the room resounded with a laugh which filled me with horror— a laugh of triumph, a laugh of menanoe. . ' That sonl has flwl, hat mine is here,' I heard the voice nf iny caller say, in piercing tones. ' Paint that.' ' No, no !' I cried ; ' I cannot ! I will search for the other ! 1 will find it 1 Even thongh it has been carried across the Styx into the regions of darkness I will find it and bring it back 1' ' Fool !' returned the woman. ' In searching fur that ;on will loose yonr own. Slay and paint the picture as you find it.' But I paid no heed to her words. I darted away bnt of the room, followed by her derisive laugh. ? She is a fiend,' I cried — ' flend 1* as I hurried on. And there my dream ended, and all once more became a blank. I slept. CHAPTER II. TITE MYSTERY DEEPENS. When I awoke it was broad day, and the sun was shining brightly upon the fountain, which gushed in living streams into the air in the park opposite my studio. I started and robbed my eyes con fusedly, wondering for a moment where I was, and why I was not in my bed as nsnal. ' Ah,' I said, ' so it was a dream after all and my picture is not even commenced ; the work is yet to be done. I have not even seen my model ; she remains to me nnknown.' I threw off my garments and sprang into the bath tnb, feeling a delicious con viction that the water wonld effectually clear away the cobwebs of my excited fancy, and that Blakely Congdon wonld soon again be the prosaic artist prepared to go about with his day's work with a genuine Best, once more free from a host of unseemly fancies Bnd weird imaginings. The dream and all that it had rerealed to me I dismisBod from my mind as nothing more than the conseqnence of folly, whereby I hod allowed my mind to conjure np all sorts of shades and pictures after the departure of my visitor, and jnst prior to my falling into the deepslnmber hrongh which I had passed. Bnt later I remembered it again in ereiy deiail, and wondered. Soon I began to collect the necessary paraphernalia for my task, 1 had resolved to moke a rapid bnt thorongh stndy ol the portrait reqnired, and to perform the major part ot the work at my leisure in my studio after the three days of ' grace' had expired. Then, when the honr drew near, I set ont for the addresn written npon the card which my visitor bud left for mo on the previous night. , - . In the course of half-an-honr I reached it, finding myself before a large sijnnre honse which jstood bBck from the Uriel half hidden by the trees which grew within the yard. I was obliged to pass through a massive gateway in the huge iron fence, and then along a winding gravel path, which finally brought me .to the marble steps thnt led up to the great' front door. 'Certainly they are people of consider able wealth,' I mnsed, as I noted carefully the evidences of affluence upon every hand, mentally shuddering when I felt my artistic senses outraged by the frightful distortion wronght in the figures of two conchant lions done in iron at either side of the portal. I hnd do need to annonnce my arrival, for one-half of Ihe great door was open, and just within, as thongh awaiting me, stood a servant, whom I at first mistook for a negro, nntil a sharper glance proved to me that be was rather of an Asiatic cast of countenance, and th--t bis hair was as straight as mine. ' Carry that to your mistress,' I said, authoritatively, extending my card towards him. He took the card, and after leading the way into a - small reception-room, bowed and left me, without having tittered a word. Presently ho returned, and, still without speaking, extended n solver npon which rented a delicately-folded note. It was brief and to the pnint. It apolo gised for the apparent hick of courtesy in not receiving me in person, and said that theservnnt would conduct me to the apart ment where the lady whose portrait [ was to paint was waiting to receive me. Evi dently it vras written in great haste, for my employer hod again neglected to 're real her name, having signed the com munication with two initials only, and they were ' M.D.' — To be continved. 