OUR NEW YORK LETTER. 1 [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April e and in like a lion, and a tonic ing lion at that there was no April fool about it, the storm that raged all through the State the only portion of the tlitwvvookj^lof 6 ii-broad-swartn. of cases 7 in aid i um which will be remembered vulhsuiiow and grief long after "the How case shall bloom in the spring, tra or" 114 iff whirling a stir espsimplj her i if" we could silence -stood it With Christian pitipiicoinlebiuaiy , with a little mild ii piofaiutyweiûightha\eeni'liucdit'vvitli fortitude in Morell but in April swell, its no use talking, it required all the 'sales the School lessons and Bible deciding that I have accumulated in a film unit long and troublesome life, to the Keep me from falling into the veins of the wicked instead of meeting you! to friends thestieet-with the cTireiful ] oJiiquny, " How are you, old fellow? the question now was, "How's your i gup ¡' Not well, eli' want? your wife sick too, and the girls down, ' ! well, well' Toms all ugh I, I sup i r pose no been in bed for a week you \- ''they llne\cilieiirda\voidofit,biltthenl 1 never heard a wind of any) thing, for T 1 have been wish of the house myself for a week Cheerful, land it? Bub Uns has, been the belief conversation , over ¡.mce/UlIool« JJivy rWhotheiit I, was on account of the weather i com- plications and the unfortunate results, i knowing nobody seemed to be in a r i very humble street mind, and even the sweetness which usually this languishes' me from my neighbours was swallowed up in the general ''fog, and an, intimate friend! he married to his estimable wife, Hurt' the amiable, Bicjidbmn resembled a hen with a sore head (Editorial Note) , Not very complimentary, but you j doubtedly true Bub and a, horn the weather there welcoming other things that conspired to disturb mc I used to J Imv-o high opinion of Major Mblfuilej Hit noble stand which he took in behalf of his full mill Stn tion Shcjmdii at the Line ago Come enter, died in M u:h adult ration for the man but born) in foMiiationli^ceivcUa. t wool, noniQie Alive Alderley in mine I On State , occasions, when I unteiUin President Harrison, Jil Blame, Jay Gould, of many other of my intimate friends; at dinner, it has been my usual custom to 1 send out for a quart of ice cream and tins I procured from in Italian confectionery kept by a lady named j McGinty For several y ears past j", the standard price of ice cream has been 3 > cents per quart subduing ! the ice. famine of last year on account of the high price of ice, cream was I raised to 30 cents the ice crop of this year, however, has been eminently a just lately, it is now down to the scale of former years but ice are no less uns i w hero if was last summer I called on Mrs McCarthy and inquired if icecream was going to come down, and she 'is '"' plied, include sun, it is not life minded her that he had gone back to its former i lies md who answered. ' 2 w, til its time, but eggs is gone up 1 inquired the cause and she pledged me how well as an honest confectioner, that the him on the laying is many palaver Mace the "Mckinley tariff that settled me, therefore repeat, no more Ma/jor Melanie m mine Our Methodist friends have been having quite a lively time during the week at the East New York Conference held it Patchogue, on Long Island On 'Thursday the eve question came up which has troubled so many conferenceS '"in public past about admitting ' women to the ministry His? debate i Aged with partisan bitterness, almost amounting to get shabby, theologies size and intellectual position champion but the cause of women, and all the old in i in in in " at an end The loss who sorrow even to see. a train i Is of it and support tUl on a lad one's, back, clinging to Peter and Paul The conch tion or woman in Judea, -w hen Pauline one and Power lived, was very much like life condition of the Moliaiameclu.ii womaumJudento day ibhcvvabadiudge and to play e a thing to work for man, to toil in the fields, to spin out the tomato minister to his pleasure, and when she i vvGutabioad, unices, of the commonest boat, she covered her face She, had he education, she Could not come case with his liUbb mci, and often had to stand while the by the gobbled up the meal the land pt opened, leaving her to gather up the, ci times New Order Paul had a poor opinion of her , No -wonder Pitch did not endorse. her. She w is not altogether to eh, men do I forgive e Ball and Peter Rub it they had lived in the latter put t of this innobLunth cent ' duty I should have been delighted to take them to a meeting of the best Oaks, said to have but them down on about it To with sweet Jenny June 01 Mis Doctor Love, ch anyone of the Right women that he was up that magnificent 1 organisation or I should like to! li ive late Peter mci Paul n together in the late "Women b Congicks ii W Shingles, and I would have bent the p in on them back to Jerusalem, late to repent in sackcloth and ashes that they had over said one was led to the deep in general of at once The Rev J S BieckemitlKc for the attack in' a [ fierce and bitter planes, which made I am myself the Amber doubt it he even 'here the papers He certainly did not 1 > look as if he personally knew much of a -women's softening influence 01 wreck , ccmiiianionslnp The h nth puutdiucjil ' lines of the face, and the ciutliiApie^ 'brother Ah it now jaw, were not very " piomismfflfoi woman's nth incementas1 "long as (the scored doctor was alive 1 illusions of the brightest men in the conference "were found on the w Omen's pi side President Raymond was then the champion from the al iii, met the Hun, delighted Simmons,' of Mount Your iron, 1 still Samuel Bertles. qt'Biookhn, the loss rC Ninth, of South Norwalk, and Pi other a force, of the Wesleyan , Unlversity, blood nobly up for woman gets, the light, but on a mail vote the antediluvian caused in" 'JL'heybhoolc "each other's hand and seemed very glad, perhaps they were, but after they are all dead, woman will still be found knocking at thodOot, and I should not I be at all star prised if, by hook or by crook, he managed to get in "> ' ''j j On his other day afternoon occur ted due E of the most memorable events in out """during the history It was the centre Jiheiitof Edwin Booth from the stage, a,«t'wl»ieh who is u> been Ijio chieftain '"nictiD for so many years 'the fate evil ways nob,piu'touncod.i Ballina], and the ,,,,hqpo was held artillery at some more ,'" time he mightier' seen again upon the boards, but to those who witnessed 'life .'., last performance it seemed a forlorn at Copeland di. lib passed behind 323 :bui,ta1n!aftd'r',thb'- recalls the audience .' 'knew that it had, rung down on him for' í"'éveí';'("rhá,"clÍ!U-.i¿tei- chosen' for his y final adieu Swiss hamlet, and no sadder' ' performance, has' a boon seen on the 't)I.\\.mei'jic'aniíti,i¿e.' , << IM, I,.. , tel '""9 The ^pci'foi-iiiancoiiWuij given- at' the i Academy of 'Music in .Bi'ooklyn,'i'ant¡l ,." the house was packed, ''t His -old time . admirers turned out by hundreds, lind settle sweet 'maiden of 'twenty-five -years ago,' -who went ''to'ilfeep'vyith this photograph under their pillows, barely" "staid matrons 'will grown up '- daughters and sons, came to bid fare .-'?wçlPfo their old, time, blame, and. to 1 repeat ¡,'otlo^oci; Whittick's sweet lies : ,.." Of all the sad words froniitonguo or pen, ' i t Il(iliosaddestaiothose, it might have been.", little heavy inroads of disease on a con- tribution never strong were painfully manifest,' and the dire shock of the death of his bosom friend Lawrence Barrett, all conspired to the painful, result. (' But whether this shall be the end or not, he will long be remembered as one who stood at the head of his pro . fession, who enjoyed the friendship of "the best men of his time, and who in all these , years was regarded as the j brightest ornament of the American stage.- But though he puts aside the laurel crown and no more listens to the thundering plaudits of the multitude, 'his lot is not an unhappy one. In the quiet and classic associations of the "Mayors' Club' which his bounty' foun.deil-.4ud life wealth evil . till . as"' . . reached, he peacefully do if Is towards the unknown shore, bright with hope and follow ed with golden light. He carries with him to his retirement the respect and love of thousands who have press used by the fruits of his genius, and who will forget without an effort his passing decadence, and j;ciueinbor him. early as tlufbl'ighlcsb star of that noble profession where for a quarter of a century he stood without a peer Sir-There - is one question" which is troubling, us now more than- theatres. or fine arts, or religious gatherings, and that is the question of.eniigration.iïho muddy stream rolls in a mighty 'Hood, to which theroscorns little abatement or surcease. The startling: fact connected with it is, that thanks to the laws, enacted by demagogues at Washington, brains and 'intelligence are' barred, out, and filth lind ignorance are letters.) A church in the fifth" avenue has to pay I the Government of the United States ljOOOdol. as the penalty of importing from England a minister to preach! the Gospel of Christ, but they let in a dirty Italian with a deformed leg,' the stump of an arm, a hand organ and it monkey, to sit in our public thorough fares Till day, stunning our ears with their discoursing abominations and shockingly our women with the horrid sight of their deformity. How did they pass the Emigration Commission. 1 d don't know believe they're.', In addition to this unsavory host is a vast 'horde of Slavs and Huns more numerous than that which overran and destroyed the Empire of Home-' Russians, Poles, Austrians, and Hun- garians; who having little of modern! civilisation 'of modern ideas J"\Wth 'whom, I but '' have all thematics iiibtincts1» and'bitter1'prejudices] of their progenitors. The evil of' this is, that they have here in the larger cities, and when it reduced to the lowest stage of misery are farmed out by-law scrupulous. contractors' to mines and coke works, lailioadsjiindothbr labour, with false promises from their treacherous countrymen, which were never acquiesced in by the employers.' 'A few years ago we had a large Gorman and Irish emigration 'far exceeding all others put together. The Irish spoke our language,' and no matter, what the state of destitution on their arrival, at 'only'took'a(few years of industry and thrift, to place them on alloyed with our most enterprising t citizens'. The Irishman's' children worked their way to wealth i and position, they won seats in Congress, became Gover nor's of I States, and occupied the Mayor's chair in all of our large cities. The German, if' he did not understand our language on his arrival, was not long in acquiring it. He, still loved Fadcrland^sang Washburn King," 'sipped his meerschaum, di tink Bock Bier, 9' and cab Schvv order, Kosq [lind Bplpgna,, but when you touched his lAuiei'ioan citizenship he was just! its sound and American as the heroes whose blood crimsoncd'Breed's Hill, of whose sons i enrich the flowers that bloom on the field of Gettysburg, "This 'Italian and Slav emigration is not a healthy one . it is full of, the portents of "a future evils arise , disaster. in The Ttalians'atc brought here in di eyes by speculators who have accumulated vast fortunes, by selling them into virtual slavery. Out of 80,000 Recent arrivals only, 5,000 could speak our language.' and thousands of those who arrived last week will never learn it till they 'reach their graves. The problem that faces as is a serious one. We try j to shut our eyes to it at times, but like the ghost" Banque it will not go down. ' Six years, ago, labour)' was paralysed at the thought of, there being 5000 Chinamen in the United States. Boy, about Attila and his Huns"? i Think of it. j i 