THE WEDDING RING. AN INTERESTING SUBJECT. Its History and Associations, Originally an Emblem of Betrothal— Its Use In the Marriage i Ceremony. It Is an incontrovertible fact that every woman feels a certain interest in the subject of wedding rings. And, indeed, it is natural enough that this should be so. Type and symbol beyond aught else of tho most important crisis in a woman's life, the wed ding ring must necessarily bo fraught with fascination for wifo and maid, for old and young alike. Hcnco it is likely that some matter of entertainment may be found iu the study of its history and associations. rings in bible days. Every one knows that rings were worn in old Bible days, though what part they origi nally played in tho nuptial ceremony is not so clear. But at any ruto tliey form an im portant portion of tho wedding service among the modern Jews, the regulations in force among them on this head being very strict. The ring must iu every case be examined and certified by the officiating rabbi of the synagogue, to make sure that it is of the prescribed value, and tho simple operation of placing it upon the finger is so binding that tliis alone, apart from any other portion of tho ceremony, is considered to constitute a legal marriage. derived from the romans. In point of fact, however, it is not from the Jews, but from tho Romans, that tho nations of modern Europo derive their wed ding ring. Among tlio ancient masters of tlie world rings wero commonly used as part of tho right of betrothal. But it is worth while to notico that chore was ono special difference between the ancient and the modern use of rings in this respect. In their original employment they wcro really not wedding, but betrothal rings ; that is, they wcro given and taken as tho public expression of a man's promise to a woman that ho would marry her. As a learned writer has told us in regard to the early Italians, "A man who wished to pledge his faith to a woman placed a ring upon her finger, which is at the prcsont day preserved for tho benediction of marriage." two ceremonies. Two points arc thus to bo remembered — that in old days tlioro wero two distinct ceremonies, the betrothal and the actual wedding, both of which were equally essen tial to tho full solemnisation of a marriago ; and also, that the ring was originally used, not for the second ccromony, bnt for the first. Such was tho custom during the pagan era, and so it remained throughout the early centuries of Christianity. Mar riago even then, and for a very considerable period afterwards, was regarded in tlie light of a civil contract only, and was en tered into before a mrgistrate, while the ring itself was used as the symbol of pro- miso in the preliminary rite of betrothal. Gradually, however, these ' two ceremonies hf.came merced into ono by the loss on tho part of the be trothal of its first formal character. For some -time after this, and in conscqiienco of it, thero was no small uncertainty in the use of the ring, which was not infrequently left out of the business altogether. But after a while it reasserted its iinportanco, and once moro came into general use. More over, it now began for tho first timo to limit itself habitually to the single hoop of plain gold — a form which has become in separably connected with all our modern notions of what tho wedding ring should be. It will thus be Been—to the surprise, doubtlesa,of notafewof our readers — that the wedding ring is not a Christian institution at all, but rather one which we have in herited, along with so mnch clso in our ceremonial, directly from classiealuntiqiiity. This loads the writer to mention a curious point in connection with its common employ ment. In pagan Rome the betrothal ring was worn on the third finger (the one next to the little finger) of the left hand, as it is to-day. This position is said to have been chosen from tho bolief — un founded, of course — that thero was a vein or norvo running directly from that finger to tho heart, a bcliof which was accepted, not alone by tho ignorant masses, but also by tho learned men — the doctors and philosophers of tho timo. Rut in early Christian days a good deal of oonfusion seems to have prevailed upon tho matter, as a result of which tho ring was often placed ami worn upon the woman's right hand. In tho old Salisbury Manual is found specific reference to this fact in a very singular fiassage, which throws some interesting ight on tho subject of tho wedding ceremony in general. From this wo learn that tho bridegroom was to receive the ring from the priest, who liad blessed it (and this blessing, it may be remarked, is still hinted at in the marriage service of the English Episcopal Church) ; and then hold ing the right hand of tho bride in his own left hand, ho was to recite tho wordB, " IVith this ring I theo wed." Then ho was to place the ring on the right hand thumb, saying, " In the name of the Father"; then on the first finger with tho words, " and of the Son" ; then on the second finger, adding, "and Holy Ghost"; and finally, with the closing " Amen," on tho third finger, where it was to remain. But in course of time uniformity was established in favor of the left hand, and there is no longer room for question concerning this important point. Of course, no ono acquainted with the marriage service of tho English Episcopal Church needs to be told that it is absolutely necessary, accord ing to the rites of that church, that a ring should bo employed. But beyond tlie simple ordinance that a ring there must be, tho church makes no specific conditions, so that, curious as it may appear, a ring of any size or weight, material or pattern, will serve tho purposo perfectly well. It is naturally enough not often . that ono has to chronicle any departure from recog nised custom iu this regard ; but such de partures do from time to time occur. A story is told of two paupers "who camo to church nnd requested to he married with tho church key, as the parochial authorities had not furnished them with a ring." The clerk, it is said, not unnaturally, felt " some delicacy" about this, and finally found another way out of tho difficulty. He fetched AN OLD CURTAIN RINQ from his own house, and witli tills extra ordinary article the loving couple were duly united in the bonds of holy matrimony. But, though this particular clerk saw fit to hesitato, the church key has been employed, and that more than once, in placo of the ring during the last hundred years. Even the Duko of Humiltou "was married at May Fair witli a bed-ourtain ring." Nor doeB this by any means exhaust the list of eccentric makeshifts. To givo my ono other instanco, it is a matter of history that n lady was once married with a ring of leather out transversely from the finger of tho bridegroom's glovo. Thus the plain gold hoop now sanctioned by long usage and surrounded as it is by un told associations, is by no means so essential to tho marriage ordinance as most poople suppose. Indeed, it is only during moro roccut years that it has keen accepted as the only proper form of wedding-ring ; for in former days rings used for marriage wore frequently chased, or set with stones, or inscribed on the insido or out- sido with names, iuitials, or mottoes. Ono might give a long list of theso mot toes, or posies as they were called, but it would hardly be found interesting or in- ..... structivo ; for they were sot, as arnle,:dis- tinguished by great poetic ability or marked originality of thought.' Tho. following; . picked out at random, will do very well aa -'/i samples:— \- " Our contract Was Heaven's act." ; " My promiso past " Shall always lost." " As long as life : ')!- Your loving wife." - , j; "Godunito 1 Our henrtsaright." vi'-'-j; "This has no end My sweetest friend) , . Our loves bo so . No ending know." ' i . .And then, of a moro purely person. , character, such as this : ' . ' \>; ' I did commit no act of folly . ' When I ttiarried my sweet Polly." The abovo are neither better nor worse v than the average'of the innumerable mottoes of common use ; but others were sometimes employed, which, if more original in their conception, wcro also of a less, innocent character. Tho old poet Herrick, whose verses are ' often so fresh and beautiful, once suggested - an extremely pretty posio which, though of course too long for actual use, is also too 'i; good in mattor and form to be passed over - here ; "And as this round Is nowhere found To flaw or else to sovc-r, So may our lovo. As endless prove. As pure as gold forever ! So it appears that tho wedding-ring, likft ; all things human, lias its history arid romance. Nowadays it may indeed Ee said that its adventures are well-nigh over. Per hups so. But, be that as it may, the writer feels Bafo in prophesy iug that so long aa hearts beat in unison to tho samo hopes, the same nspirations, tho same desires, - so long will the wedding-ring keep its hold riponalC ' as the enduring symbol of faith and sacri-'.' -v flees and love. V X 