Helen Benton's Story. When I took passage on the Castle Clifford for Australia 1 went, like the boys in the story books, to seer my fortune. It was a comical thing for a girl to do, but I was alone in the world, and the pros. pect of being a goveuness, or a companion to a lady, which w.s all I could be in Engluud, made me desper.te. There in the New World, I said to myself, I could set to work to make my fortune. I lould, perhaps, with what money I had, buy a little land and cultivate it-- had a talent for that sort of thing, I believed, and, with the help of a few laborers, I could have a model farm, a beautiful dairy, raise fruit, and live amongst the greenthings growing to the end of my days. Oddly enough, the thought that I might marry never entered my mind., At twenty-five I considered myself "set tied." and expected to be a spinster. Of1 course on ehipboard one alwayu maies acquaintance with some of the other pas eengere, and the captain, seeing me alone, introduced me to a good many. T herewas one gentleman, an Australian, Mr. Chester, whom I liked very mch,. lie was a man of forty, well-dressed, and handsome. Somehow he got me to talking of my plans. which he thought very eeneible, indeed, and told me his own story. He had been a poor boywhose widowed mother found i: hard to earn bread for her family, Now he was a manufatirer',whoseo name was known throughout ,Victoria. . Ile was a little proud of his succora, and it seemed to me he had reason to be If I desired to lie 'in his pnit of the country, he told me lie could give me a great deal of valuable information, and eave'me money and trouble. It was very pleasant to have some one with whom to talk my ideas over, and who saw nothing odd in a woman utriking out for herself, as an Englishman would have done. . . .. Oh, those plans I How little I thought I should never attempt to realize them. After the days of sunshine, clear night skies, and a brilliant moon; came a heavy fog. One evening we were irrapped in it, and it seemed oe thick and palpable no though ii had been wet wool; not puoseongerremained on deck. In the saloon, we :.wre all rathere dull, and I heard one or two men say that we wets: going at too great di speed forsaeh weather, when another steamer-could not be seen until it was upon nus. But I think none of us felt any terror until suddenly there was a crash that sounded as i though the end of the world had come. The ohrieking of whistles, and roaring and ocking sound,, and the ecreams of umany voices. That which had been prophecied had happened: and I can tell you neothing more about it save that, shortly,.I found umyself in a boat with many others, that Mr. Chester had helped me to escape from the rinking steamer, and that he was still beside Ime. ie'o were upon the ocean in that boat for five or six hours, and eventually were cast upon some bitof land; of which we knew no thing. When the fog lifted and we could see about its. we counted 'our' number. There were five of us still living-the rest had been lost-Mr. Chester. an old sailor called Jim Pell, a clergyman of the Church'of England, en elderly woman who was going toAuse tralia to join her son, and myself. :We were all wet to the skin, hungry, and horrified at the prospect before ue; but the clergyman had eaffered most sadly. His wife and child who had been in the boat with us, had been drowned. In the darkness which prevailed, when we were cast upon the land, he had felt the waves tear them from him. He had been severely injured and was unable to stand; but. when we had helped him as well as we could to a sheltered spot under a tree, he: bade us forget him and do what we could for ourselves, 111r. Cheater anndstlhagialnr 'ent:n p thio mr cisckt- 'exporc dthe placeýTrey',rsurnea with tidings of comfort. There was a spring of fresh water on the island. and any quantity of berries which the sailor pronounced healthful. There'were shell.fish in abundance. .. The island was small, but we should not begin to starve at once, and no doubt would be reEcoed very speedily. Ilcpe lives eternal in the human heart, and estangely enough, though all my earthly poestreions had been swallowed by the sea, I did not despair. The hot Hur soon dried our garments, and we were all well rind strong enough to hear a good deal, with the exception of the Rev. Mr. Archtr. About sunset, Mr. Chester took me by: th arm and led meo t0" a portion of the benaeh which was smooth and selarkling as if the sands were powdered silver. " We are in a curious pcsition, Helen: Denton," he said. "How little we expected to have anything of this soit in ouir lives. This is the end of your hopes, 1 am afraid. You can't buy that land now,. my dear-you cannot be a lady farmer. 'eYou will have to change your plane, and I want to suggest something--in fact, I brought you hero for that purpose.': f '"I listen." said I. ' Well, Heles," he said, " I can put it into a very few words. Marry me. I've always had that idea for the future, always, since the firat day'we met ; for I fell in love with you on sight ; but circumstancees alter cases. If you can like me, let us take tims by the forelcek. Mr. Archer will not live long. If you will allow me, I will ask him to marry us at once. As yet, we have two witnesses -Heaven knows what may happen. What do you say, IHlelen I" I thought a moment, and then said: "I like you. Do what you think right and best." And so it come about that we all gathered about the poor bed of ruess and leaves which we had gathered for Mr. Archer to lie upon, anid that he maurried me to MIr. Chester, re peating thie ervice from memory. It was a strange and solentr wedding. Afterwards, my Ihusband and thie sailor went to the edge of the water to light fires made of the drift wood that :ay upon the rceke, in order that any passing vessel might know of our distrecss, and the old widow and mysel ret betide Mr. Archer. In tha dawn he cloeed his eyes, bappier to die, eince it was God'e will, than to live bereft of thos he loved. Two days after this we were tuben from the island by a bat sent to us by a Nor wegian ehioover bound for Melbourne, where we arrived safliy. The widow went to her eon's houce, the sailor to his friends, whoever they were. Miy husband, aiter providing me with some necessary garments, took me to his home. It was a curious place-a handsome house surrounded by gardens and a farm, eet upon the top of a hill which hadbeon leveled for the purpose. Below in the valley stood the factory of which Mr. Chester was master. Thither he went daily, busy in the labor atory for many hours at a time, handling dangerous cbcmicals--doing work which mist be done by his own hands and no otrher. Not an accident had ever occurred in the place-the master raw too well to overy thing. While at work he always wore a white woollen suit and a white cap with a vizor, leaving his usual garments in a ward robe cutside the laboratory. In the evening wo were at home together. Our life was very quiet, for their were literally no neighbors; our most frequent vieitora were Mr. Chester's brothers and sisters. From the first 1 felt that none of them liked me, nor-mere they people that I could like. They had not trken pains to improve and enlighten themselves as their brother had -they were narrow.minded and illiberal,liv. ing principally on his generosity-they, in my opinion, imposed upon him. They were, however, his kine-people, and I had too much respect for myself and him to express my views. When they came I feastedthem, I played and sang to entertain them, 1 took pains to be civil, knowing all the while that they were not my friends, but feeling safe in the knowledge of my huslband's otter lov sad coODfidente. oliS we lived together five happy years. Two. h tlI girls wore born to us, and so assured: ad I become of my husband's caution that' I no longer felt any anxiety, as to his work in the laboratory.' Fron this calm security and happineeo I was awakened by a sudden blow. I had beern to the nearcst great city to do so0me shopping, taking my children with med, and returned home at euonset. As I alighted at tlheo depot, two men whoso faces I know approached me. "'The carriage is wailing foryou, madam," one said, "but do not get into it yet. Tnere is news for you." " Bad news, madam," said the other. " Very bad newe," continued.the unn who had first spoken. '" The only very bad news that I can hear is that seoething has happened to my hus band I"I gasped. . The iman bowed gravily-the other iburst into tears. "Tell me the woret, while I can listen to you I" said ' T ? " There has been an exloEion in the lab. iatiory," ensaid the calrner maiil. "Not .killedl not ,killed I"' I shrieked. Wounded, but not killed !" " "They 0only knew hiin by the diresahe nlways wears,' Esaid Cth older man. "I know what yoh aro beariong; I've ieen through the same thing-thing nk e of he hiidren-yours- hip." '-uet T thltiglitiio longer of trilthing. IMy senses dederted me, and they took me to my desolate lioue unco?t?cour. There I opened myeyts upon the faCes of mny sister-in-law and her two brother--they liorrfind me. In their expr~ci:r: .1 re a n real grifC(-nly an IrI c?a?tnol ofit. . Thley hatl desceaded on ie place lke larpico, lioig to profit by their btlli, re' death:. Ti:y began tyh, ir attack at once. On the morninr bfore the fmneral, the elder of the men, \Willian, came to me al my servant was clothing main my blaink gcarmente, and without waiting to diemes the girl, stool before me, his fi;ug, r interhtced autl his thumbs pressed together in a fashion all!his own, snd inqnired : " 'Well, now, what are you going to do?" " To do ?" raid 1. " 1 do not know what you uloan." "You've got to go semewhbere, you know," said my brother.in-laR,: " you might as well Sthink of it." "There is no time to tall to me," said I. "I hope I shall go into my Crave. IHow cnn I live without my husband ? Oh. Charles, i *sy darling I "Charles, my darling!" " Anyhow," aenid William, "you can't nconte ownn stairs, the men folks will be enough. fister Ann will stay with you, not to be toe pointed --bot consfiderig you can't appear. i I will make an effort," raid I, thinking tlint after all he lihad only expressed consid -ration for my health in an awk;ward man. "'We can't disgrace the family at ouch a time," raid William. "We've always been Irespectable. The bind of relation thlere has beren between you and him were his affair while lie lived, now they're ours." " What do you mean?" I gasped. " That we don't think that you can prove that you were ever his wife," said William. The servant etared at him in aetonish ment. , " Not hIis wife !" I gasped. Then the rememberanco of our matricgo on the desert island, by a clergyman who died that very night, in the presence of witnesses who bhad vanished from my ken, "occurred to me. 1 never dreamed my wife-hood could be doubted; but 1had no proof, no proof what. ever. Ann entered shortly, loching the door bc-I bind her. I was forbidden to tffer the last token of respecti to the man I loved on fondly. My children came to me. Cast upon my pillow I held them to my bosom,and we wept together. Ann, grim and cold, maintained her com posure throughout. ::The nest day: I heard that no will had been "ore? n, ag?ot'in??ny'slyliiple eitst-ment"thnht - had been married to Charles Chester, was of no avail. The only thing that could have established my position is his wife-his introduction of me by that title-failed me. My husband had sbme detestation of ceremony, and got over his introductions easily. His usual form being: "IHelen, thin is Mr. cr Mrs. So- and-So." He had even introduced ice to his family iri this way, saying : i?WeIll, HIelen, here we are altogether. This is Ann, that is William, and that young fellow there is Jim. He was poor mother' baby." , . :Oh, they know well that. I was his wife. It weas their greed of gold ltd'them to deny it. One day.theystood before me-threeflinds they seemed to me-and bade me rice and leave the house,- and take my children with me. . ," We've Ieen very good to you," said William, " considering what you aro. .Wa've got a proeentof £150 for you, and you can earn your livirig 'if:, you are willing to' be honest andbehave yourself. Wo'rogoing to move here to-morrow, and of course Ann couldn't haven a person like you in her house. The carriage is at the door." And with these words he tendered me a large roll of bank notes., As he ceased, I I arose in my wrath and flung the money back into his face. "Man," I cried, "you know I am your brother's widow-you know that you are robbing his orphans. Could the-dead return lie wouldripe before you this instant to con found your falsehoods. Oh, my husband my husband-where are you I-where are you I Oh, my love, can you not come baok tome l" And to this wild cry-a cry that mourners utter so often in thie madness of their de. spoir-an answer came, a ringing " I am here I" in a voice we all knew. A tall tigure dashed through the open door of the great hall and stood before us Charles Cheoater and no other. He stood motionless--one arm uplifted and drawn backr, and the other pointing to ward his brotiher William. And at the presence of the man they believed to be lying in his gravo, of his ghost evoked by my prayer, abject terror fell upon them. Veil liam sunk upon his knees; James. in his flight, fell over him and sprawled upon the carpet; Ann went ol inco iysetrica; but the little children at my side knew no ufear. They rushed to'ard him, clasping in their arms, crying gleefully: "Papc is not dead any longetr. Papa has come back 1" And as ,his eorms encircletd me, I felt thal, he had Icemr back indetd--whereo and how I ccarcely caked mryelt. i He was there. i, his bloved wife, was in his arms. ,ly woe had ochangId to joy. Tits swas what he told me afterwards. WVtilo I ;was from home, a telegram reached him which rendered his prerence in a mining district at a great distance, im peraltive. Hie could not await my returu, but wrote a letter to ome 'xplaiing the matter, which he laid upon my little deek. Meanwchile cie:rtain work remained un. ftinished in thI laboratory, and the only man bhe knew in whoso chargo he ed.rcd to leave it, was an encentriei old chemist of the neighborhood, who lived by himself in an out-f-the-.way cottage, and was nuppo·ecd to be eindeavoring to invent an elixir oi Mie. To this man he sent, put matters ii his charge, advised him to exchanoge hi well raved suit which was upon the body when discovered, and led to the belief that it was that of Mr. Chester, In my utter misery, I had not read any of my letters. That which he had left for me, and thoee he had sent from the mines, lay in my dest: among the unopened condolences which I had ordered my servant to place there, and only when he arrived in his native town did he hear of the events which had occurred there. His wrath was great, and his vengeance might have been terrible, for amongst themn his relatives had destroyed a will which he had made on the very day our first child was born. But I implored his elemency. I waso too happy myself to wish even my enemies to enffer more than they needs must from the pangs of conscience, and their knowledge that by their own deeds they had deprived themselves forever of their brother's affeetlon and the peeuiary drvantage? whieh it otsed them. 