1 ,', ' flovetek AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, BY ! '. IVAN DEXTER. \ Author of 'Mount AfacedoiLJjfysleryp, , ' ' '' '' ' ' ' &-(?, &*?. , i fiix, ntaUTB nesenvEO. | , „ FROM Prison to Parliament. CHAPTER V1II.-(Coniikdf».) Aa Bottlcmont incensed, tho Fqualtcrs foil bnuk mid oponod up froali country fur ilocka nnd liorda, until to-dny tho Stntion mid ita Ilomostcad ia to bo found in Oon trnl Australia, What right-minded man can grudge tlioao hardy pioncors or thoir descendants llio reward of thoir tobours nnd thoir dan gora? In 1819 ono of tho finest stations in Victoria was located about two hundred1 miles— no amall distnnco in Uiose dnya— from Melbourno, in n north-westerly di rection. A flno river ran through tho property, on a iiigh bunk of wliich stood, tho homoatoad, a commodious woodon strucluro, from which a lino viow of tha winding rivor could bo obtninod as it; swept away in tho distance liko a silver; streak. ' Tho country around was slightly undu lating, and woll adapted fur pasture land. About thirty miles away tho blue outlines of tho Grampians, from which Iho river derived ita aourco, could bo plainly; aeon. Thero wero amplo signs of lifo around. In different directions men were engaged; in various occupations pertaining to sta tion lifo, whilst ingido tho liouso unusual bustle waa apparent, as if something more' than ordinary una taking plncc, ' It waa not difficult, ntter n glance in side, to judge from tho numbor of trunks and boxen which stood around, that a journoy was at the bottom of I ho com motion, for indeed Sir, Sirs and Miss Rut land wcto on tho morrow's dawn to leave for Melbourno, whore the squattor's wife and daughtor usually spent tho summer,1 so that they might cacapo tho heat of their inland resilience. This noblo proporty waa, in fact, owned by Mr Rutland, to whom wo havo nlrondy introduced the reader. Tho day aftor tho blection proceedings in Melbourne ho had leit for his station, in which district ho had boon nominated for a seat in the now parliament, and, being a man of groat local influence, it waa probablo that he would bo elected without opposition. He was not at all anxious about tho re ault, and instead of remaining until tho day of nomination, ho decided to roturn to town with his wifo and daughter. , The throo wero now sitting in tho par-' lour, whioh did duty as tho drawing-room, discussing various little household mattors which had to bo arranged before their de parture, i ; Mrs Rutland was a woman apparently about fortylivo years of ago. with a sin gularly resigned, though sweet expression of countananco. Her hair was much grayer than her years Bcemod to warrant, nnd n atrango pathotio look occasionally stolo into her blue oyea, especially whon regarding lior husband. j Hor daughter, who looked about twenty flvo, although not classically handaomo,1 had ono of those interesting faces which attract ovory beholder. With lior mother's blue eyoa sho possosBod a contour of face, which spoko of sweetness and good na ture, whilst her comploxion wns moro suited to tho softnoss of an English clim ate than to tho dessicating inlluenco of an Australian summer. Her figure, though ?light, was perfectly formed, and an in tellectual head did not mar hor attractivo ness. —????? I 'Did you boo Mr Dacro in town,' father 1' she asked, aftor a few moments ailon.ee. -,,. . . , : ? ? : ? ' No, my . child. I did not meet him 1 this timo, and I beliero he had not arrived in'' Melbourne: boforo I loft. In fact, I .waB bo busy that I did not onquiro at his ?club;'; ??????.?'?????'- . . j ; 'I suppoao tho elections were engaging ?pooplo's attention in tho city,' said Mra Rutland. ; (( i ,'f Ye« J thero was a good deal of elec tioneering going on, nnd, do you know, Nblllo, I heard a candidate speak, whom I am suro I havo met somowhoro before, i although I do not know whoro. Tha man has haunted mo ever since,' hu laughingly added.' ; : ' One meals so many people as they go through lifo that it Is imposalblo '. to re member every faco,' rrjolned his wife. : ..(? ' Yes, true ; but thero are times whon htrango meetings take place botween poo ' file which, from no apparent cause, learo ?an impression that can never tie effaced. Whon I looked into that man's faco I [tould have sworn that ho has somohow «omo across my lifo.' ' 'Don't allov each' foolish fancies to tako possession of your, ipfnd, my dmr?* said his wifo,-looking niulounly nt him. 'Novprmlnd your ghost,' but liolp us to fix up things for pur sunnnrr vacation,' Tho. conversation ended here, and next morning tho (qnattcre par)y doparled on their woarlsomo journoy to Molbourno in a lumboring old voliiolo— a cross botwoon n Btngo coach ind a drny, . . 1 ' ; Aftor a week's journey thoy 'wero. safoly located in a snug ; mansion ii, tho arlsto crnllo siiburb'of Toorak,' where, tl-a 'now governor hnd just taken up his reeidenco, Tliosb wore tho driys whan oven the wealthy (qunltor hnd lo Irayol by monns whloh tho poorost poraoiis In iho colony— who can find money to travol at all, that Is— would now turn up thoir noses at. ! In' hot, tho present gonorntlon has nl moat everything superior to what thot'r fnthora and mothers had. „, ,.'; '.'.' ' ,;,' 