NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. A robbery ia reported to have taken place at Ktnchela post office on Thursday night, about j£30 being taken. A tree-climbing pig has been discovered on Tiaaaa Creek, Queensland. The flesh is said to taste like veal and ham pie. It has been found that the training Bhip Yernon is leaking badly, and the Government are fitting up the Sobraon to replace her. The Narandera Labor Electoral League has passed a unanimous vote of confidence in Mr. Arthur Rae, M.L.A., who voted for Mr. Raid's motion of censure, Mr. Dibbs, Mr. See, and several members of Parliament have accepted an invitation to visit Tumut on the occasion of the Governor's visit to that town. The Journeymen Tailors' Union has issued another manifesto, appealing to the public aod to the other trades unions for assistance in maintaining the present strike. The National Observer says :—" Australia holds some two hundred miliious of ou money, most of it repayable witbin the ncx 30 years. But her solvency is beyond attack." "When I took office in January, 1883, I found plans and specifications approved by my predecessor, Mr. Suttor, for school buildings amounting to £127,000," said Mr. G. H. Reid. The Colonial Sectetary announces that j£l,000,000 must be raised before or during the month of January, and a secondBum of j£l,000,000 will be required before or during the month of April. The first bag of flour turned out at Mr. Oliver's new roller mill, Ioverell, was presented by him to the local hospital. It is to be disposed of by art union in aid of the funds of the institution. At Warren they know what they want, and they have a manner of speaking which other people will call unseasonably cool. At Warren it is felt that the Estimates should be passed before Christmas, as public works are wanted at Warren. The Water Conservation Department is having all the Government tanks in the Bourke district fenced with rabbit-proof wire, The rabbits are too much in evidence there, apd it is anticipated that the action will result in the death of thousands. " My statement at Armidale, as reported in a freetrade paper, was that at the end of the year there would be a deficit of £200,000; and if any honorable member tells me that I exaggerated the facts, I shall tell him he don't know anything about it," said Mr. Copeland. A youth named French, the driver of horse and cart which ran over and killed a child named Deae, at Newcastle, has been arrested by order of the Attoiney-General, and charged with manslaughter. The coroner's jttry acquitted French at the inquest held last month. Thtee merchants at the Bluff (N.Z ), named Roberts, Waddell, and Bradshaw, have been charged with aiding Andrew Newton to commit a felony by stealing 287 sealskins, valued at £1000, the property of Joseph Hatch, the owner of the sealing establishment at Macquarie Islands. \- There is something fn a name. For here is our Mr. Cotton, who earnestly desires the single-tax partly as an end in itself, partly as an instrument to close land monopoly. And the South Australian public man ot the same eurname modestly calls for " bursting up" the big estates too. After some considerable experience the East Orange council has discovered that it is useless for that council to cut down thistles unless the Orange Council and the Railway Commissioners follow euit. It was resolved to make this remarkable scientific discovery known to the delinquents. Hairdressers are among those who are exempt from the action of the Early Closing Bill, while tobacconists are not. Tobacconists' shops with hairdressing-rooms behind will be kept open, while a respectable tobacconist who confines himself to one trade will be forced to close. Liverpool is determined to have a share of the Australian wool trade if po-sible. It will take a long time, hpwever, to dislodge London's purchase. That is not only the British market, but the world's market, and, when London cannot manage to sell our wool, we shall sell it within Australia. . Dr. Ross intends to ask the Colonial Secretary to take steps to prevent the sale of cool ice creams in tbe streets of Sydney during the bot weather, as they are dangerous to life and health. From the wording of the question, it would appear that Dr. Ross would not otject to warm ice creams being sold. ' At s meeting of the Fruitgrowers' Union, held at Gjulburn on last Thursday night, several letters were read with regard to the export ofapples to the United Kingdom. The feeling of the meeting was tiat it would be better for growers to sell to Sydney shippers, and not ship on their own account. . The Danish butter-shippers are uneasy about competition from Australia. Of the result there should be no reason to doubt. We have all the appliances and means to boot, and a climate such as the North of Eigland cannot boast,; But by Denmark the loss of this market would be severely felt. : Epernay champagne connoisseurs (says a London gossip) do not appear to think much jMutralian-made champagne. Those who opportunity 9i tatting m sparkling wine produced iu the colonies hold it to be lacking in many of the essential qnali ties peculiar to the best wines made in Fiance, A flockowner at the Cape asked Messrs. C. Balme and Co., the well-known London woolbrokers, in what state be ought to consign his wool to London. Messrs. Bilme replied :— " Where you have a thoroughly well-grown combing flock to handle in good condition, the wool is beat marketed unwashed in the grease." The excitement in political circles still con tinues, but it is felt by most people that protection has now obtained a firm foothold in tbe country, and that despite whatever eff jrte mty be put forward by freetraders at the next general elections, there will be a larger majority than now in favor ol tbe fkcal proposals of the Government. "If the Civil Service of the country has become an incubus, surely members will not think of establishing a national bank, and thus increasing the Civil Service, besides placing euormous powers in the hands of any person who may be pitchforked into office, and who may be utterly unfit for the trust," said Mr. M'Millan last week. Complaints are numerous amongst the selectors in the Inverell district at the delay of the department in not completing the surveys of additional conditional purchases after being ordered for survey by the land board. At a meeting oi those interested last Thursday it was decided to address the member for tbe district in order to have the grievance remedied. The Yass Courier naively concluded its report of the local council meeting by saying that the Mayor made some remarks about the gasworks, and Aldermen Nichols and Thomas spoke in support of the improvements asked for, but the statements could not be heard at the reporters' table, owing to the town band playing at the front door leading to the chambers. A tornado visited Narribri on 16th inst., unroofing and demolishing houses in its course, clearing tracks about two chains wide, uprooting trees, and blowing heavy branches hundreds of yards. In its conrse through the town it partially unroofed Barr? and Stafford's store, Ford's stables, Orretl'e office, and Key's outhouses. It blew down Morath'e Bawmill shed and a number of other places. Deep sea fishing on the English principle is about to be inaugurated at Wollongong. Messrs. John Smith and Co. are the originators of the scheme, and the methods adopted will be somewhat similar to those shown on the trial trip of the Lady Loch from Maibourne at the beginning of the present year. The firm have built a vessel specially for the purpose, and lines two miles long will be used. In the Supreme Court at Hobart a few days since Ah Toy, the Chinaman who killed a woman whom he caught at midnight robbing his garden, was strongly recommended to mercy by the jury, but the judge gave him 10 years. The feeling prevails that the sentence was unnecessarily severe, as tbe Chinaman was a most inoffensive man, and had no murderous intent, and the victim was an inveterate pilferer. Mr. See, the Colonial Treasurer, stated in the Assembly last week that 5000 pamphlets were printed at the Government Printing Office, by the authority of the Government, containing speeches delivered by Mr. John See, Mr. Bruce Smith, and Mr. Edmund Barton, on tbe financial proposals of tbe Government The account for this work had not been rendered, but it would be paid by Ministers from their private funds. A storekeeper's assistant named Wayeood brought an action in the Jury Court, Sydney, in which be claimed ;£1000 damages against his late employer, Cbas. Rogers, grocer, Goulburn, for alleged malicious prosecution. Plaintiff, at the instance of the defendant, was arrested for alleged larceny, but waB subsequently acquitted. He then brought tbe present action, but tbe court gave a verdict for the defendant. On the afternoon of Tuesday, tbe 29th inst., his Excellency the Governor and Lady Jersey will entertain the newsboys of Sydney and the members of the Boys' Brigade, Sussexstreet, in the grounds of Gjvernment House. As the members of the brigade are engaged in the factories and warehouses of the city, it is hoped that employers will not, at this season, make any difficulty about granting the necessary extra holiday. Colonel Roberts, C.M.G., who lately returned from England, has resumed command of the Artillery Forces. In a general order issued from bead-quarter* notifying this resumption of duty, Mejor-General Richardson, C.B., places on record his high appreciation of the manner in which Colonel Spalding, C.M.G., discharged the duties of officer commanding artillery forces during Colonel Roberts' absence in England. They appear to have a rather vague idea of the eize of the hippopotamus up Orange way. Mr. H. P. Lyons, one of the agents for Sell's circus, applied for the nse of a reserve near AnBOn-street. Alderman Flanagan thought that the p*ece of vacant land near the Australian Hotel would he suitable for the circus. The Mayor said, " Why that would not hold one of the tanks with tbe hippopotami!" And Alderman Flanagai> collapsed. John Hogg, a member of tbe firm of Moore and Hogg, specialists in nervous diseases, was charged at the police court, Brisbane, with throwing sulphuric acid upon Robert Gill, * man employed by a rival specialist. Gill was wrying wiilwwMtel »dwtifMoeny< Wbf consult quacks f" at the time. The case was dismissed, owing to tbe want of proof as to who threw tbe phial. The advertisement was destroyed and the man seriously iojared. At a recent meeting of the Executive Council, held under the presidency of the Governor, the cases of Williams, who was sentenced to death for murdering his wife at Nowra, and of Carroll, against whom tbe death sentence was recorded for committing a rape on a child at Coogee, were both considered. The sentence passed on Williams was commuted to imprisonment for life, and Carroll was ordered to serve a sentence of penal cervitude for life. A calamitous fire occurred at BeUnglo, near Beirima, on Wednesday, whereby a respected farmer named Angel had his house and all his belongings entirely destroyed. It seems that bis wife had gone into Moss^Vale, leaving some of the children at home, who, it appears, set fire to the chimney, a wooden one, by putting quantities of bark on the fire. There were no neighbors near, and before assistance could be got the house was unapproachable, consequently everything was destroyed. It is only a few days since his Honor Judge Murray passed some severe strictures upon deposition clerks abont the manner in which tbey performed tbeir duties. His Honor Judge Docker, who is presiding at the Qaarter Sessions, Sydney, has also had to refer to tbe careless manner iu which depositions are written. He said that some of the clerks should be provided with typewriters, or else undergo an examination in penmanship. He said that the writing in one portion of the depositions in question looked SB though it bad been scratched by a hen. Mr. Carruthers intends to introduce a bill, to amend the Public Works Act in certain important particulars. The principal amendment be proposes is to abolish the fees paid to members of the committee, and this should be welcomed as an instalment of the retrenchment we have heard so much of late. The principle introduced by Sir Henry Parkes into the working of the Standing Committee of paying members for their services was from the first recogtaised by not a few as a vicious one, and as being a powerful lever in the hands of the Ministry for tbe time being. That fruitful source of worry in eountry municipalities, the straying cattle nnisance, cropped up lately j Q Janee. Alderman Blatch •complained that several valuable trees had been damaged, and it was a rascally Bhaine that this should be permitted. Alderman Egan believed that it was thoughtless children, or even adults, rather than cattle, that destroyed the trees. Four or five valuable trees near the court-house had been damaged, and he felt sure that it had been done maliciously It was resolved to offer a reward of £10 for the conviction of any person so offending in future; A public meeting was held at Forbes on Saturday to further take into consideration 'the' subject of having the Forbes district proclaimed rabbit, Infested. Abont 60 gentlemen were present including the principal tquatters of the district and number of selectors. Mr. Thos. Wooley was in the chair. The meeting arose out of a meeting on the I9th ultimo, when it was decided to apply for the district to be gazetted as infested. A great many of the rquatteis seemed afraid of the fencing clauses in the Rabbit Act, and a resolution was passed to the effect that the-district shall not be declarad infested. It is stated in New Zealand, so the Terawera brings word, that New Zealand bas to thank the memorable hurricane at Samoa for having .brought Westport coal into prominent use in the warships. As a result of Captain Kane's recommendation, some thousands of tons are annually consumed by Her Majesty's ships. For steaming purpoees it is fouod very good, and is being used hy such warships as are stationed in New Zealand waters. There is now reason to suppose, however, that it is superior to the best Australian coal. Ou the contrary, many engineers hold that it is not equal to i . Writing of the Tyson f divorce case the Sydney correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, says :—" I hardly think that the woman effected is likely to allow matters to rest. It is probable that she will appeal to tbe Privy Council. Fortified with Sir William Windeyer's opinion, she has, lawyers here seem to think. every chance of succeeding. He is certainly considered to be the smartest lawyer on the Bench. I am certain his Honor would not object to the case going home, and if he were a betting man be would, I am sure, back his opinion against that cf the Chief and the other judges who upheld the appeal." In the Wagga training stables a large number of borses have suffered lately from heavy colds, which in several cases are much severer than in others. In some animals the swelling of the throat and jaws appeared as if they had influenza or distemper. The epidemic fitst occurred in Mr. Robert Hoysted's stables when Latonia and Associate were sufferers for several weeks. These horses were unfit even steady exercise. Since then MOBS Rose and Hands Up, in Mr. Davis's stablee, have become victims to the epidemic. Strange to say eo far tbe balance of Davis's string, like Hovsted's, have not contracted the illness. A deputation,.consisting of Messrs. Dickens. Willis, Langwell, Barbour, Newton, O'Sullivan, Collins, Cruikshank, and Waddell, Ms.L.A., and several pastoralists waited on the Railway Commissioners, on 16th inet., and asked tbat a substantial reduction should be l mi * f? for the carriage of 8 r t e e c b a r e d and also for the carriage of rabbit skins W Sydney. The commissioners said they had already reduced the ratei.considerably, and it was a question whether they conid reduce rates below the actual cost of carriage. The matter would, however, receive full consideration. Several days ago Mr. Kidd, the Postmaster- General, received a communication from the Qieendand authorities notifying that ou and after the 1st January of next year postage rates will be charged by that colony for the carriage of newspapers. Without delay Mr. Kidd asked if newspapers from New South Wales to Queensland would be compelled to carry postage, A reply has been received.to the effect that tbe Queensland Government will insist on all newspapers being stamped by the sender. Personally, the Postmaster- General of New South Wales prefers that no change shall take place ; but tbe public is requested to note that the alteration will come into effect oa tbe date named. On Tuesday week, while an employe on Goolgumbla Station was engaged preparing the poisoned paste to mix with the wheat for the benefit of the bunnies which are very numerous out there, an explosion occurred, sending the burning compound in every direction. Some of the stuff falling upon the clothes of the man set them on fire, but fortunately foi him he was cloBe handy to a tank of water, and he rushed into it. His left hand, side and tbigh were severely burnt. Tbe burns were very painful, so ou Saturday last he was driven to the Wagga hospital for treatment. Dr. Robinson dressed the burns and made everything as easy as he possibly could under the circumstances for the sufferer. At a meeting of the Picton Pastures and Stock Protection Board, held on Friday, Mr. Alexander's circular re subsidising tbe meat export was fnlly considered. It was unanimously resolved—"That the Pastures and Stock Act should be amended, and an assessment of a half-penny levied on sheep, and threepence on horned stock ; one moiety to be devoted towards subsidising meat export, and the remainder to pay for the destruction of noxious animals, such amended Act to remain for two years only." The board recommended that a strong co-operative company be formed among stockowners. The board also endorsed the suggestion of the Kiama board, to assist the export of butter from the same fund. Samples of wheat from the farmers of tbe Wagga district are excellent, and give promise of purchases being made in Wagga at a high price. A much large area is under crop this year, proving the suitableness of the soil for agricultural purposes. - Tbe Murrumbidgee Co- operative Milling Company is giving 4B. 4d. per bushel. One of its members, Mr. G. P. Wilson, of Big Springs station, agreed to dispose of 3000 bushels at this price. Mr. Wilson estimates the wheat yield, which last year amounted to 900 bushels, will this year return some.25s. per acre clear. This should be sufficient encouragement for farmers and graziers, who are at present considering the advisableness of adding to their grain acreage Sir Henry Parkes has hot lost that canning of fence for which he was remarkable. Although he is nearly an octogenarian, he is intellectually as young as ever he was. A gentleman who heard him speak on the vote of censure debate said there waB no indication of mental dry rot. He was vigorpm and incisive. Mr. Reid, in his reply, congratulated himself upon never having had the disgrace of being Sir Henry's colleague. The ex-Premier got home on him in that interview he had with the reporter next day. «I did," be said," offer Mr. Reid the Attorney-Generalship, f at he refused it, stating that he was not fit for the office. A better knowledge of the honorable gentleman has proved to me that for once in his life Mr, Reid spoke the trntb." This is the law of retaliation with vengeance The Australian Club in Sydney is going ahead. A large number of members have joined since the new premises were takeu possession of. Several of the most prominent Reform men have been elected. Certainly those who are now allowed in are not of the class who would have gone unscathed through the ordeal of the ballot 30 vears or so ago. when the " Bent-street Club " was the most exclusive in Australia, and its members considered themselves the true salt of colonial earth. In the days of Stuart Donaldson. Watson Parker, Deaa Thomson, and such like a man would indeed have had to be born, ai they say in Germany, if he desired admission to the Club. Times have, however, changed. A big building requires money to keep it going, and as the old Roman has said, monev does not smelL A correspondent writing from the Werribree Station, near Bourke, says:—« We started work on September 1st with 30 men on the board, working Wolaeley machines. Everything has given the greatest satisfaction without a break or stoppage. The principal tallies " e A G. Jenkmgs 168, Morrison 150, Whalan 140, others ranging from 140 down to 110. Wet weather has stopped us a good deal, but everyone seems satisfied. The number of sheep on the run is about 160,000, which will cut about 1300 bales, of which 260 will ba T h e r e i a a l a r«« >ol scour, where the greater portion of the w< wool was scoured, employing about 20 men. I may 5!S?^bat the shearers were paid 20j. per Jo I ™ « . borers were paid from £2 to 30s. t h a e week, e n e t a and l each man was in pog. session of union tickets for 1891 and 1892?' Cardinal Moran last week visited Parra. matu for the purpose of presenting the priest to the successful pupils ,t the educational Catholic Church. The Cardinal was -accompanied by Dr. Carroll, the Vicar- General; and then were also present Father T. O'Reilly P.P., and the other clergymen attached to the parish. There were large numbers of visitors present. In the morning the prizes were presented ~to the pupils ot the Sisters'School, after which a musical programme was gone through. The Cardinal delivered a short address to the children. In the afternoon thare was a large attendance at the Marat Brothers' School, when a long literary and musical (vocal and instrumental) programme was gone through, after which the Cardinal presented the prizes to the successful pupils. In political circles the rumoured relations between Sir Henry Parkea and the leading members of the free-trade patty are very unfriendly. It has been known tor a long time that a breach existed between Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Beid, but now the ex-Premier's displeasure extends to several members of Mr. Raid's party. Mr. Wise and Sir Henry Parkes reoently had a stormy interview, and at the conclusion Sir Henry Parkes said he would sever again associate with Mr. Wise, because the latter assisted in the election of Mr. Reid as leader of the Opposition. Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Carruthers are also at variance, the latter having expended <£90,000 when Minister of Education without the Cabinet's consent. So very {irritated had Sir Henry become that he handed his resignation to the Speaker, but subsequently withdrew it at the solicitation of his friends. A. rumour is current in town that the Labour Party is to be re-organised. Those who seceded in the early days have returned, bat eight members have been excluded. These are what Mr. O'Sullivan calls the political cross-eyed—the single taxers. They bare been a trouble from the beginning. They wanted others to sink the fiscalissue but would not be bound to do so themselves. If the •lght want to form a distinct party they are at liberty to do so, but they will not be admitted to the conclave of the others. One of the single taxers is suspected of conveying outside a report of everything that occurred at the caucus meetings. While talking of Labour members, single taxers, &c.;, it may not be inappropriate to eay that Mr. Frank Cotton, one of the members for Newtown, has commenced an action for libel against a certain paper whose statements are not always consistent with Its name. Damages are laid at A deputation of residents of Marulan, ac' companted by Messrs. O'Sullivan, Chapman, and Rose, waited upon the Minister for Works on Friday morning at Parliament House in reference to the proposed route from Bowral to the Wombeyau Oaves. It was pointed out that £9000 had been placed on the Estimates for a road from Bowral, but that the real cost would be nearer £30,000, in consequence of the mountainous character of the country, and that a good road could be made from Marulan, via Taralga, for an expenditure of £3000. Mr. Lyne, in reply, Baid three different routes had been submitted to him—from Bowral, from >f«rnlnn via Bannaby, and from Goulburn. The latter was recommended as No. 1, the Sowral route as No. 2, and the Marulan route as No. 3. No reference had been made to the route now proposed from Marulan via Taralga, but he promised to send an inspector to report on the different routes, and also to survey the route via Taralga. They eay Sir Henry Parkes is very busily engaged arranging his papers, &c.; They are very voluminous, and as he has bad correspondence with some of the most eminent European statesmen, no doubt his autobiography—or shall we call it biography, by Mr. Charles Lyne—will be interesting reading. Whatever people may think of the honorable gentleman, no one—not even his bitterest enemy—can deny that he has been a prominent factor in colonial politics since and even before he embarked on newspaper enterprise. Hie little ahop in Hunter-street used to be the haunt of such deeply read thinkers as Duncan, end it was at Sir Henry's knees, when he waB there, that many men, who afterwards did yeoman's work in securing liberal reform, learned the lesson of a broad enlightened freedom. The history of these early days can be told by no one more clearly than Sir Henry, and it is to be hoped we shall have not long to await the publication of his book. On Sunday, 13th inst, (Constable Adams u w a man sitting on an old case outside Mr. Ploughman's bakers shop, Summer-street, Orange. As the constable approached the man he heard the report of Slstol. He found the man bleeding from a woond in the right.templeanwit!Mlemoktog derringer in his right hand. Ibe man told the unstable that his name was John Smith, that he had been to Sydney, where he h«d teen robbed of all his money, and that he had had to tramp up country. He could get bo work, and was tired of his life. Hefurther Sd dXthe night before he had taken two bottles of chlorodyne to poison himBeif.but had not-succeeded. The man.who was qaite conscious, was locked up. On Monday be wascharged with attempted suicide and was COmnStted for triaL ft transpired that the Sen's name is Benjamin B^neoo A local doctor says that the man's life * m no immediate danger, although the builet re in the head. It has been decided by the shearew meeting held at Blackall that the Queensland Shearers 8X» and the Queensland L^e« U,ion ah*II amalffamatr. and be called tbeamaiga A woSSers'Union of Queensland. Tickets b iiag 20a. and general tickets 10s. The colony will be divided into three districts, with centres at Charleville, Longreacb, and Hughenden, each district to make its own working rules and elect its own officers. The general business of the union is to be transacted by an annual conference of three delegates from each district, to be held in each district in rotation, the first annual conference to be held at Charleville on May 1,1892. No general strike is to take place unless authorised by a twothirds majority of those voting at an advertised ballot, each district to affiliate with the labor federation. Several amendments in the existing rules were made, the bulk of which are stated to be concessions to meet the require ments of the pastoralists' agreement. It is reported that on the same afternoon that the great fire broke out on tbe Coree run, aud which waB supposed to have been caused by the lightning, Mr. Arthur Sleeman of Tongaboo, seeing the fire caught hie horse and rode rapidly in the direction of the homestead to assist in putting it out. He had not ridden more than a mile and a half on his way when a bright light in the distance attracted his attention. He rode towards it, and on coming up to the place he saw the dead limb of a huge box tree several feet up the trunk on fire He turned and rode to Springfield for assistance, which was not far off. Mr. Moodie and two men with a water cart returned with him to tbe spot. By this time the limb had fallen, but the fire was extinguished before it had time to spread. They cut tbe tree down and put the bnrning trunk out. From the grouod to where the limb was struck by the lightning was a distance of 45ft. It was fortunate that it was observed in time, other- wise another bush firewhich would have swept over Tongaboo might have followed. Mr. Copeland, the Minister for Lands, is inviting tenders for the occupation, by special lease, ot a large area of waste land in the vicinity of Jervis Bay. The land in question is pronounced to be suitable for the growing of flax and hemp. A company to promote the growth of these and other fibres has been formed in Sydney, and its members, providing flax and hemp can be successfully grown, intend to commence the rope manufacturing in' dustry. Experimental plants are doing well on a small area in the possession of this company, and the Minister now submits to public tender 4009 acres of similar land, which is described as sand and sandstone, but well adapted for fibre- producing plants. A 20 years occupancy is offered at an upset annual rent of Id. per acre for tbe first seven years and 2d. per acre for the remainder of the term. The lease will be subject to the reservation of mining rights and to the expenditure of not less than £3 per acre during the first five years, or if the land is not used for the purposes required, it shall, at the termination of the period named, be liable to forfeiture to the Crown, without compensation. No right will be granted to sublet the land, or any portion thereof. All permanent improvements are to revert to the Crown at the expiration of tbe lease. Tbe land to be thrown open to occupation has lain idle for tbe past 20 years, For a considerable time the Mudgee line has been a source of concern to the Railway Commissioners. Following upon periods of heavy rainfall there have been various landslips, ne cessitating constant watchfulness, in two in stances resulting in loss of life, and continuous repairs which in the total amount have reached & sum not far short of £25,000. To place beyond possibility these misfortunes on this branch railway the Commissioners determined to make deviations on sound foundation. A departmental report has been forwarded to the Commissioners announcing that the deviations have so far served the purpose for which they were intended. Since the completion of the work it has been apparent that during late heavy rains the lines would have been blocked in places but for the deviations. Large stones and earth had in places come down, but were impounded in grips left for that purpose. Other large slips are on the move, but no danger is anticipated in constquence of provision for impounding the material in a similar manner to stones and earlh now covering portions of the old line. But for the deviation it would have been recessary during the late heavy rains to employ a large number of men to keep the line open, in addition to fligmen at cuttines during the passing of trains. Early last year in order to keep this line open, 60 men and two ballast trains were constantly engaged. UD to the present date neither additional men nor ballast trains had been necessary, although the season had been severe in character. All the works on this line had eo far proved equal to expectations, and in addition to conserving the safety of the travelling public, the cost of working has been considerably reduced, Mr. Slattery, tbe Minister for Mines and Agriculture, laid on the table of the Assembly last week a return in reply to a setof questions asked by Dr. Ross, with reference to P«teurs vaccine lymph. The document states that the vaccine of anthrax is a pure cultivation of .he microbes of the disease, therefore it is imposaible to communicate either cancer or tubercnlosis by vaccination. The eheepowners who used the vaccine lastyear appear satisfied with the remedy, as they have used it on tbeir lambs this season. The nnmher of eh<«p vaccinated in 1890 was 193,098^nd it is reported that some 80,000 have been rea ed during this year. It is impossiMe to Rlve the percentage of deaths of sheep which had been CScompared with those wWch h^ not; but thereported loss of vaocinated sbeep in 1890 was a little over 5 per cent. The opera- known infected districts, and those only- Cancer had been for many years known to be prevalent anung cattle, though little or no notice was taken of the fact. Now, however, the effect of these and other diseases in stock and on the human subjects were receiving moreconsideration, and this disease is accordingly brought more under notice. Ownera were very reticent on this subject, and it was only occasionally that reliable information was to .be obtained in regard to losses irom anthrax. It might be added that anthrax is a contagious disease. It has existed in New Scuth Wales for over 50 years. Until the recent vaccination with Pasteur's vaccine of anthrax, no steps had bean taken to eradicate the disease beyond burning the carcases and pasture when practicable. It is not known whether the disease is increasing or decreasing, as owners are not obliged to give notice of outbreaks. The establishment of a veterinary school of medicine in this colony is under consideration by the Government. A strange story comes to us (Wagga Advertiser) from Coolamon. It appears that on Saturday last quite an army of shearers, farm laborers, and sundowners visited that place, and afterwards took up their quarters in two . camps, one on each side of tbe township. They were round about the place till late in the evening, spending most of their time in the hotels, of which there are only two. Although there must have been over SO of these strangers, their conduct tbe whole of the day and until closing-up time was most orderly. In the morning, however, when the two bonifaces began to be about they each discovered that their cellars had been broken into during the night and large quantities of bottled liquor stolen. The news of the robbery soon spread, and several residents went with tbe publicans to the strangers' campti, where strange sights met their gazs. At the first camp visited there were about 65 men lying about in all directions apparently stnpified with drink, and bottles of grog, some full, some half full, and a large number empty, scattered all about. Most of the men were so far gone that not even a move oould be got out of them, though they were severely kicked by those who had gone out in search of the missing liquor. When tbe other camp was visited the same state of affairs presented itself, the scene giving one the idea that a fierce battle had taken place and only the dead remained. A search through the scrub in the neighborhood was afterwards made, and a large quantity of bottled ale, porter, schnapps, sc., was found planted about. Advantage seems to have been taken by the thieves of the absence of the only constable stationed in Coolamon, who was away on busines on Saturday last. Owing to the large number of strangers in Coolamon on Saturday eight it will be a difficult matter to trace the real authors of the robbery. The Dubbo Despatch thus comments on the demise of the labor party:—As a concrete party the Labor members are no more, and, in the interests of good government, this is an excellent result brought about by a motion, which had very little to recommend it to any straight-going public man. Any party in the Assembly which sinks every consideration but the selfish one of seeking concessions for a cla^s, and which openly gives Us support in retnrn for concessions, is a menace to the State, and makes anything approaching honest government impossible. It is, therefore, a matter for congratulation that the solidarity of this party has been shattered. There was no need for it in New South Wales. There has not been, Bince 1858, when manhood suffrage and vote by ballot became the law of land, any strong element of conservatism in politics. We have had as nearly as possible the ideal of government of tbe people, for the people, by the people.*' What are called elsewhere " the classes" have had no controlling voice in the State. The " masses" have been omnipotent, and hence this new patty which was eovolved at the last election represented _ no . real grievance. It was only representative of the spirit of unrest—these dangerous elements which bear tbe same relation to economic and social life that extreme fanaticism does to the religious world. Its disiciples crave for change, bnt know not whither the change leadeth. They sigh for some " bursting up " process,and aspire to a "reconstruction" of society, though thpy cannot say how the " bursting np " or " reconstruction " of society is to improve the lot of the toiler. They are unscientific experimentalists, who, like neophytes in chemistry, are more likely to do themselves the greatest harm. Acting in a body, they are a danger, and hence it must be to freetraders and protectionists alike a good thing that the party is divided, and its power for evil minimised. Mr. Reid's motion was an evil, as we shall show later on, but it produced good in forcing the members of the tbiid party to forsake their isolation. It has brought politics back to their normal state, and no matter whether. Mr. Dibbs remains in power or Mr. Reid takes his place, this spectre of the Libor Party need^not be f^red. Thf ghost has been laid. 