A VISIT TO A BLACK WATTLE DiSEEICT IN VICTORIA. fBr .T. A. V.I rfonnorlyftved several years in the Geelong distsjfctj and- after an absence of a quarter of a ceritterjel-lately paid the old place a visit I wasiTtrite stawsfsred to find to' how crna.fc a aegrco-ot lmposcasce the wattte-bark industry .had attained,, aed what a revolution it had createdf in ? t-Ss' fortunes of tho land-holding ,populat»nv 1 lamled at Qnaenacliffo from the pleasure steamer -Hygeia, bofc as I arrived before my letter of-.i»tice-no one was there to meet me ; but that? ws&inore; o* an advantage than other wise, aa I ? had ? leisuso to look about mo. In going throu-;^- iho town a strange- feeling came over mfr-a feelingLwhieh clung to mo more or less during roy.-stey- in- the locality. I felt aa if- my return if ter-so many years was like that of the_ ghost of some ose long dead permitted or a time to reristttho'Rcenes wherein he acted his little part ? weflV in the flesh. Not one house could I- recognise, not a sign board showed a famiKsr name. Many of the people I met had aoirbeec born when before I trod these streets jand lanes, and every thing was now. The old tnjftfhad vanished, leaving not a trace behind. The people stared at the stranger, who neither* wanted lodgings nor a cab, and who knew- where he was going. Pushing westward, I ;Was-soon in the country, and bt-yond their attentions. Running along the ocean shore to She Barwon Heads, bub separated from it by a range of high sandhills, there is a flat just above st»a IeveL It is about halt a mile wide,- and is remarkable for the fact that it is fertile, while tho country further back is barren. I was steack with the appear ance of wealth and comfort in the homesteads.' It was plain to bo seen money was not scarce. I saw ? some very --expensive ft-nces, constructed of timber not grown within many miles of tho place. Shod3 and stable3 were all substantially built, and roofed with irou. ' Wire-netting (for the terrible rabbit 13 multitudinous hare) wa& freely usod and secured to sawn timber. On a little rise I passed a grove of sheaoaks, and one tree of a species of acacia whoso name I do not know. It is large, with drooping Ieave3, and bearing beautiful blossoms of the colour of burnished copper. It is stripped for bhe market, but the merchants do not like the- bark. It passes, however, with that of the black wattle if mixed together. The sheaoaks are not quite the same as those of South Australia; tho leave? are shorter, with less droop. I pas3 on out of this fertile flat on to the rising ground inland, and find myself among the wattles at once. I notice that not only are they barked, but they are also cut up into firewood. I pass one paddock whoso owner so values his wattles that' he has notices posted up tlireatening trespassers with the penalties of the law. The wattle land consists of sand with juat enough clay to bind it. Beneath this is a subsoil of yellow clav of great depth. Both soil and subsoil are- very barren in an agricultural sense, and will grow nothing without manure. There is certainly a good growth of grass on tho land, but it is ccftrso and is poor foddor. Milch cows and nursing marcs must be fed with chaff and oat3 or their equivalent, or they will in a very short tune become- so poor that they can scarcely drag themselves along. The fault with the hind is a great lack of phosphates. The behaviour of the cattle shows this. Not only do they chew bones, but clothing, old bags, old rope, /to., are eagerly hunted up. A woman cannot bail up a cow without a stick in her hand. I have seen a cow tear a woman's apron off while being driven to tho milking bail, _ and another timo I saw a cow come up behind an old Irishman, -who was sitting on a fence with his coat-tail drooping gracefully, behind .him, and catching her mouthful,. she gave a great duck, and brought Paddy to the ground on the broad of his back. The subsequent proceedings and tho languace used may be imagined. . Men [ working in the field must hang their coats high, or they will never see -them again. I remember ono young fellow going home to dinner and leaving his waistcoat in the fork of a honeysuckle, and, aa he thought, out of the reach of anything four footed. Cominir back he found two cows just finishinp1 his garment, and smelling round for fragments. One of them had just spat his watch out — not before chewing it somewhat— but his albert chain he never saw again. Though I formerly know every acre of the country about here, yt-6 the changes are so many that I do nob find my way so easily as I had thought. I take ?he right turnHjff, however, and am' soon close to my destination. The houses I used to know are gone. 1 may here say that during my stay in the district I did not find one honso standing that was in existence twenty-five years ago, but better ones are iu their places. The roads and lanes, however, l'einain, and I identify tho old places in spite' of their now surroundings. The strange feeling that I am playing ghost grows stronger than ever within me as I pass ?}-ots where once familiar dwell ings stood, and of which not a vestige remains, and on whose sites the all important wattle flourishes. At last I stand before my old home— pr rather the .houso built on its site — for it, like all its companions, is gone. They do not see the prodigal afar off ; there is no running to meet him, so I open tho gate and walk up through^ the apple-trees to tho door. My voice raised in explanation to the somewhat dc-af old lady whom 1 encounter, and who fails to revognise me, at once brings a young sister from some remote part of the house, and a muscular young brother— toddlers both when last! saw them — comes out from the thicket or apple Ioiiage, and they both declare that, they recognised him from his family likeness to another brother's. There is great shakiug of hands, and questions fall thick and fast- They do not kill the fatted calf, but some excelled beefsteak Ls cooked for the occasion, aud tho choicest ajiples are culled for me. Next morning I walked over to see an old friend, who had developed into a wattle-mastc-r of some importance. He showed me his stock, including a huge Berkshire boar arid a fine Alderney bullj also his orchard;' patches of sorghum, &c.;, but all these thing3 were as nothing -beside the wattle. In reply to my questions, he said he did ?nothing for the wattles— they grew themselves. -' Oh, yes, they aro tho better for being fenced off, but they, did very weUleffctQshiffcfor themselves. Rabbits, did not interfere with them, but' were nuisance enough with regard to the spots he cultivated.' ' What is the.value.of- laud here ; not its boom value, but its value as wattle land ?' I asked. ' Well, £7 or £8 an acre. I would not sell any of mino at £8, but I am open- to buy at £7.' 'Why, it can never pay to cultivate this poor land, and it at that price!' I exclaimed. 'Neithor it does,' he replied : 'I only crop as far as my stable manure goes. It take3 a heavy doso of bonedust to raise a crop here. I buy oats and.hay ; the wattles.pay for everything.'1 'Do .the cattle here eat cloth ing and old bags as they did in days of yore ?° 'My word ! Just take off- your coat and hang it on the fence there near the bull if you want yoar 'doubts resolved.' I was willing to take my friend's word,. however, and leaving him I hurried back, as I had made an. appoint ment with my fathec to visit with him a fertile tract of land a- few miles away as I wished very much to see the onion har vest, which was then at that place drawing to a close. I found the horse in the wagonette, and w© atarttvl at once. A turn to the left, and we reach a main road running north, which we take. The firat paddock to our left' is- as full- of well-grown wattles as it can well be, yet wo can hear the sound of axes cut ting up tho barked poles into short lengths for firewood. Nothing is wasted ; even the twigs aro.boiled down for the- tan liquor. The resi dents admit their indebtedness to South Aus tralia .for this idea. The paddock on our right is tolerably clear of wattles, but there id a thick stubble of stumps. I am surprised at tho number of houses and the abundance of hmnan life. Can all these people live on the wattle industry? Yet,, saving the carting of firewood — always a miserable game — and tlie onions grown a few miles further over, there ia no other source of income. Twenty-five years, ago I left this district with many other, young men because a living could noi be got from the land ;' plenty of holdings weEe abandoned unsaleable, and now it is a land of plenty. .Truly-i this land 'of Australia has wonderfully recuperative powers, and we, its inhabitants, should never despair. We soon, come to. the gully along which She railway from GeeloDg to Queen3chffe runs- aud find ourselves out of- the wattles for a short time. Tho soii here is a blue sand, and where not:cultivated is- overgrown with ferns. Ic will not'grow wheat without heavy doses of bone dust, but good crop3 of potatoes— sikbU, but very sound — will grow if the necessary ?nitrogen be fed to them. No one here has tried kainife, nor has any one- that I spoke to ever heard of the article. Tlie holdings are small; and, besides potatoes, vegetables arolai-ge/iy grown ; but more as a saving of household er.pense than as a source of income. The wJuole of the houses are built of weatherboards with brick chimneys, as building stone would have to be brought a long distance, and would be very expensive.. A little further on we come 'to the We3 ieyan 'Chapel, also built ok weatherboards, with the young wattles encroaching on its grounds, and even on its foctpaths. I enquire of my venerable relative about the former dwellers of this part, all of whom I knew in the past. Most of them are gone, he tolls me, bnt a sprinkling remain, and[ are now well off. I enquire about a certain pretty little house and garden, with a beautiful whitethorn, gracefully trimmed, foiling the -white-curtained front windows. 'The house ia gone, but the thorn stands there yet. Well come to it directly.' We do come to it directly, grown bigger, of course, bus all ite -graoe and beauty gone, and the young wattles throttling it like weeds. As for the house, not even the outlines of the foundation remain.- A little farther and we eppan to a- nice bit of scenery. In the days gone by thesheaoak was the first tree to go. It was cut down for the saJai of ite fodder *fc&2g«,'and also baccK&Hrte;! vtoo&Wss; 6hs moafi Saleable fuel in these parts-,1 tnfe ? here' we had a Section' on which aU- the other timber Kid been cut and the-1 sheaoaks- preserved. 'Phe- effect is very fine.' I- become more con vfeeed than ever that.the'sheaoak is- not quite thssame as ours. Not only is the leaf shorter am* more upright, but the' body of the foliage is of a different form, theapox being.more pro nounced and the lateral spread- lesa than with ours. There is another prcity-trea here also that n*d to be very abundant but ia- now scarce. It is locally called ' heoak,' but must not' be confounded with the ??' bulloak' of th» Wimmexa- district nor .the . ' blackoak' of our dry northern plains. It is somewhat between a sheaoak- and a pine in appewanco;- Ita timber is valuable for laths; fcsit splits straight, and that isj-no doubt, thereasttn of its present scarcity. We drive on, and soon thai qualityof the land imiwoves, yet still ? the alliinportMtf? wattle prevaiie. Tho bark of course is gon«; and now the wattle masters are cutting up the1 wood. There are stacks of it everywhere. E am surprised taat there should be a market for so much light wood. But Geelong is a b kj town; . and there are several to wnshibs of decentsize not ? far away. Tho wattle-wood is touch prized hy: bakers. We vsaw reach ' the' slopes of -' the Meredoc hills, and the black soil' shows in patches, but no onions, yet. A little further all the land is black — black a3 any kettle. ? Kb wattles here, tho land is too goed^— too valuable ; for their culture. We see patches of sorghum,?, and beet, and spots where peas have been grown. We'pasa a farmhouse, elegantly built, with extensive -sheds and- stables, butr with only a rick of hay and no straw.-. They, no doubt, bay t-haS aud -oats' with their onion money. We can see the land on which - tho onions had been grown, -but tho harvest is.' 'home,' and what is not sold ia now stored away in one of those large barns. The land on oiir right is. laid- down- with- artificiaL grasses, oh our left the black soil is covered with onion peel. I atill -hojKV however, to sec the process of harvesting the ouion3. It is an industry that has risen to importance during my long absence from. the district. When I was here last wheat was the crop, with oats and barley. Now there-is -no sign, no tr-;ck of either atringbinder or stripper; and as for haystacks, they are simply conspi cuous by their absence. We now come to a number of men who are metalling the road ; they have sunk deeply to get- the -necessary stone. I jumi- out to have a look. -The soil ia about two feet in depth— it is a retentive clay — and then the rock i3 met with. ? It is grey in colour, very brittle, and is eaaily worked with the pick. I always understood the black onion land overlaid basalt, but thi3 rock is certainly something different. I am sorry to 'confess my ignorance, but I do not know the stone; I never saw any such in South Australia. . We go further, and to my delight wo couie to several fields of onions not yefc harvested, but with men and boys hard at work; I walk over to the nearest group, consisting -of-, one man and two boys. The man eyes me suspi ciously, no doubt taking me for a hawking fiend of some sort, but as soon as I explain that I am a brother clod from a far country, nothing could exceed his civility. ' Informa tion 1 Oh, yes: m give you as much informa tion a3 you can carry away with you. .Well, this here piece Ls going 140 bags to the acre— that's 10 tons, and they're worth £2 the .ton at BeUeriue Station, or 35s. here aa they stand. Oh, yes; that pays very well. Well, the- land varies a little. This is worth about £70 au acre, but I wouldn't sell at that. Manure? Oh, no; we don't manure the onions.' 'Do you grow any potatoes *?I ' Oh, yes ;? I grew some over there. They went about 8 tons to the acre. Yes, I give them a little bonedus* : just a ? sniff, about S cwt. to tha acre.' I inwardly wonder what ' he would call a sufficient application if 3 cwt. is only a '6niff.' 'Did. you ever try potash to your - potatoes?' 'No, nor ever heard of anybody else that did. I know that bonedust doesn t do them much good ; but it does for the next crop.''' My new acquaintance now thought it was his turn, and we changed places. If I was staggered with his figures, so was he withmine, and I could see that he did not believeme when I told him we could make wheatgrowing pay at 6 bushels an acre. While I ain answering* hia questions I run my eyes over the field, aud notice how the crop is gathered. The onions are pulled by hand, and laid in swaths to dry. In a few days they are ready. A boy holds the bag open, one man fills the dishes, while, tho other (who may be a boy) tumbles the onions into the bag. In filling tho dish each onion has its withered top rubbed off before being dropped in. This means a lot of work, yet a crop worth £'20 an acre will pay for WGrksad.' care too. I now go back to the wagonette and we drive- on, and soon pass out of the onion laud : but teeing a wagon load of onions being unloaded into a shed, 1 again get out and walk ovw. I am again welcome to any information I want, and to see how the onions aro stored. The shed is built of weatherboards, and roofed with palings. A hole has been nuidoin the roof, through which tho onions are tumbled out of tho bajrs. One young fellow ia in among them, building them up to the ridge pole. He is literally- swimminjr in onions. The elder of the trio, whom I rightly guess to be the owner, in answer to my questions, tells me that his crop runs eight tons of onions to the acre, which at £2 a ton pays very well, but he is holding for a rise. I tell him the story of the Belalio farmer, who in the ear1.}- clays of that district, for three or four years, st-ld his wheat as soor.ed as reaped, ouly to fcsijerieuce the mortification of seeing it' rise in the winter. Then he built a - great?.- barn, and held all his wheat, aud for several vears lost about a shilling a bushel by.it 'I've donu that too,:- said the onion- grower, 'but I like to hold some.' ' What is the value of_the onion lend?' 'Well, I've known it to bring £7?, but it varies. You might get some of it for £50, certainly not less. This here is worth about £S, but of course it won't grow onions. We nearly all hold land on tho flat here, tho onion land is too valuable to build ou.' ' Do you grow wheat at all ?' ' Oh, nc — not for many years. You could not mako it pay with 'laiuLso dear. We do grow a bit for hay now and then, but it's risky on account of rust.' ' When formerly you did grow- vdieat, what sort was the moat rust-resi3tin'g f 'Well I like Yellow Tuscan best.' .-I bidgcod-by to my new . acquaintance, and as we dr;*rcaway I look bade at the black but comely' Meredoc* slopes, and reflect on tho strange ups and downs that fertile patch . of land— about ten square miles, I should say — has experienced. When -bought from the Go vernment I do not know, but it was leased out to farmers about tha year 1S53; at the hand some rental of £1 per acre. At first the crops of wheat were enormous— forty and fift3* bushels — but they soon became beautifully lesa, and, the land laws becoming liberalized, tho tenants took themselves- off: to pastures now, and for a time some of tha places were de serted and the few freeholds- were unsaleable at any price. Then about tho year 18GG it was discovered that large crops of onions would grow on the black slopes aad a flood of pros perity eet in, and there is no sign of au ebb as yet. Wedrive on through tha town of Bellerine, and turning round to tho south make our way home again. I see nothing fresh on the way, but am astonished at the large population the country supports. There are nouses every where, and no such thing as poverty about any of them. The men I see are strong, healthy, and eagerly going about their business ; tint women are tidy and well dresaed. As for the houses, though I don't care much for weather board as a building material, yet they are roomy and comfortable, and many of them elegant. Water ia conserved in tank?, and dams as springs are scarce, but as the rainfall averages about i'*; inches, and as there is jietirly always a good fail or two in the summer, a scarcity of the precious fluid seldom occurs. The next day I had to go back to Melbonrnet but took a run in the morning with my brother over the neighbourhood. We first, visited tho. site of an orchard and vineyard in .which I ha& worked in the far-away times, of myyostfv The house, yards, shed, and. fencing had vanished, and we could only Hi tho si to. by. a. little- ciaui. It was indeBeribsijly sad -to. stands on the grave of a former life, and 'thfrstrange uncanny ? feeling thab I \v?s playing- - t»hr-si, again rose tin within me*. ' Whore, ace. sit those splendid damsoii ..trees !'' 1 asked. 'Where are tho vines 'T' '(rone— aU «-ne. There is an. old apple-tspee. in tisit buaSi of wattles— that is all thaj is left.'' I weut owr to the spot indicated, and ther^ indeed «-a.= a well-grown old tree, aufc in a 'dying staid. Who would plant trees after myiexperieixx-? All arouiitl the poor old .thmg the ' wattle's ? crowded — a magntficent thk-ket. There were several silver wattles among their bi-aek- barked cousins. This is, in my opinion, one of the most beautiful trees in iho-world. It is not the silver wattle of youth Australia, nor anything like it. The leaf is very little bigger than a pin's head, and they crowd together in gr.ue fully formed spikes. The bark is not so good as that of the black wattle, but they are bailed together, notwithstanding tho protests of the merchants. The blossoms are white, bnt not over pretty. There is another acacia that grows in these parts, but only on the most bar ren places— a little miserable blotched thing of a foot in height, which in the proix-r season throws out a few blossoms of transcendent beauty. Frost is not whiter, nor burnished ' silver more lustrous thau its dainty flowers. I desired to see another such site of a ruined vineyard and orchard, and my brother led me through the scrub of wattles to where two exotic pinetrees stood without the least sign that ever the ground around them had been cultivated. 'These are the two pines that stood at Old H.'s gate. Dont you re member them?2 It was the same story —house, trees, vines, gone with a clean sweep, all we could find was a blackberry bush, but the irrepressible black wattle was thriving on the ruins of the fruit plants, and substantial wealth was growing out of desola tion; ? ? ?? . ..- My ramble over, we get into the wagonette and drive to Q^ueeDSClitfe. Oa the way, tho sit* of another etS* vtiteyiftd ia e&oirn; me. 16 \s? now laid dowir in artificial grasses, iho soil being fertile, bat all thftff remains of its formar state is an udder b«-h in th» fence. W» arrive at QuewSBciiffdPIerin good timo, and soon, A ^ ftom tfe*ee *'-*» whom I fatu would have remained,- and the swift HygeU. bears me away to the crowded streets of mar vellous Melbourne. - I confess tha*I'-am«very much impressed with thB rmpoiSwc© of- tbar wattlo-bark in dustry. - 1 kno»- there are parts of Soufck Australia wnero i& thrives ad well, if not better, than in ?Vlctori*, bra the ques tion is, can ib - be ? ejttanded? Hitherto wattles havo thiJPeu.in spit©- of adverse conditions; can th?yi-e successfully cultivated ia places where tucfr.tjp no$ Yuluntirily grow'! With cultivation wS'th'ey grew with a smaller rainfall than obtaiss-in thV established dis tricts ? In Kangarcs-Island, Southern Yorke'a Peninsula, and Portr^Linc&lis-; ivatSlea would without doubt thri'.«9;'if -the' proper soil is- selected. They liko a -ftaady sviT with a cl»y bottom, but I havo scan them growing on deep alluvhnn and ou other Soils. I atrongiy adviao all fannera to try a snrjrfpplot. IS they thritro — well, very well indetdb-if not, thww will Ut little loss. 