FROM HHR TO THRONE. A NEW LIFE OF JESUS THE CHRIST AND A HISTORY OF PALESTINE AND ITS PEOPLE. [By the Eev. T. De Witt Talmace, D.D.] Chapter V.— (Continued.) THE EETON TO NAZABETH AND DOUBTS OF JOSEPH. Mary remained with her relatives m or near Hebron for a period of nearly three months and then returned to Nazareth. We are not told why she did not defer her departure for home until after the birth of Elizabeth's child, and the cause is shrouded in much doubt. If sha abode with her cousin for three months the birth of John must have been near at hand when she left, and in our ignorance of the circumstances which prompted her seemingly sudden return to Nazareth we wonder that she did not remain to be with her aged cousin through so critical a period, especially as she must have believed that some supernatural manifestation would occur at, or immediately following, the birth. But we must not ignore the condition of Mary's mind at this time. While her soul was in exaltation there was possibly depression mingled with her joy. She had not communi cated the tidings of promised motherhood to Joseph nor to her relatives in Nazareth. Perhaps the date of her public marriage was some months yet in the future, as the services of the betrothment generally preceded the actual marriage one year, but she had many duties to perform, many friends and relatives to apprise of her condition, and no doubt she was under obligations which compelled her to return within the period she had spent with Elizabeth. Again, it may be that her marriage to Joseph had been fixed to occur on a date which was very near at hand ; so that we may surmise many reasons for her abrupt departure. Mary's journey on her return to Nazareth was probably accomplished in the same manner and under the same gracious auspices and angelic escort as her trip to Hebron. She passed through the same memorable valleys, over the same historical mountains, and by the same sacred (places made illustrious by mighty events in the history of her people. On the route she no doubt saw the field of Machpelah, where Abraham and bis spouse were buried, and the famous oak under which the patriarch often sat; there lay Meggido, where Josiah was sacrificed; and lofty Tabar, from whence Barak rushed down in fiery fury upon Sisera : and the great plain of Esdraelon, ' where Sisera's army was overthrown ; along her path babbled the waters of the Kishon, which had centuries before borne the blood of the false prophets to the sea. These places must have aroused in her receptive nature the greatest enthusiasm ; but what must have been her feelings when passing through the para disiacal valley of Sechem? Here seemed to linger the spirit of ancient Israel ; here was the burnt-offering place of the nation, the most sacred ground of the tribe. On the south side of the valley lay Mount Gerizim, 800 ft. high, from which was promulgated the law anew, and blessings upon Israel ; and Mount Ebal on the north, upon which Moses com manded stones to be set up with words of the Law thereon, and from whence curses were called down by the people if they disobeyed Jehovah. Here Joshua assembled the people for his last counsel ; here the ten tribes re nounced the house of David. In this valley Abraham first pitched his tent and built an alter under the oak of Mqreh, when on his way to the land of promise. Here was the well of Jacob, at which Mary may have quenched her thirst and paused to reflect on the wonderful changes that had occurred since Shechem was made a place of refuge and sines Joseph was buried in the field near by. For a hundred prodigious reasons this journey between Nazareth and Hebron was a remarkable one to Mary, and must have made a lasting impression upon her, which she seems to have voiced directly upon her meeting with Elizabeth. But when she had returned to Nazareth the patriotic feelings excited by the scenes of her nation's history became subdued under the influence of a realisation of her con dition and relation to Joseph. Her spiritual nature was aflame with joy, while her still conscious material existence was disturbed by a reflection on the call of God, which had placed her in a compromising position before her affianced, as well as before her relatives and friends. The secret must soon declare itself, and this realisation, aided by promptings of the Holy Spirit and a consciousness of her own purity, led to a revelation of the wonder ful manifestation which the Lord had made to and through her. Although Mary must have related the strange facts with virtuous speech, Joseph was ill-inclined to accept with confi dence the truth of her assertion, and therefore for a time secretly, within himself, thought that bis honor required him to withdraw the avowals which he had made at the ceremonial of betrothment. But while doubt ing, he was probably not without some faith in the story of Mary; or hi3 love for her was so great as to give a partial condone ment of her fault, hence he was anxious to pro tect her against opprobrium, and which he accordingly resolved to do by a quiet absolve - ment of Bis vows; instead of publicly applying ' for & bill of divorce. It may be that his pur pose was rather to defer a consummation of the marriage until such a time as he might be able to discover the truth of her declarations than to renounce her entirely. But God soon came to the relief of the sorrowing lovers by sending an angel to Joseph, in a dream, with these cheering Iworda — ' Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife : for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost,' &c.; In this speech we observe the custom of the country as well as the relation which, in God's sight, Mary bore to Joseph, for the angel distinctly calls Mary his wife, which the ceremony' of betrothment, under the Jewish law, instituted and virtually accomplished. Recognising the angelic injunction and assu rance Joseph and Mary immediately perfected their marriage, and both rejoiced in the double blessing which they had received at the band of God. Chat-tee VI.— The 'Rodgh Chaule op Our Kino. The second and complete marriage ceremony which brought Mary and. Joseph into holy relationship under the law was performed no doubt very eoon after Mary's return to Nazareth. Our sense of justice will not permit us to believe that the Lord long deferred His revelation of the Divine conception, or that Joseph was willing to permit his betrothed to rest under the cloud of imputation which a prompt celebration of the marriage would remove. Poor in worldly possessions, he was rich in noble attributes ; despoiled of a kingly inheritance, he was the more appreciative of the holy quaJitiesof honor and a compassion for the infirmities, of ambition ; lowly in his estate, he was more receptive to the voice of con science, more prompt in obedience to the will of God, The supernatural appearance of Gabriel to Elizabeth and to Zacharias and the strange events which followed as a sequence to tbe time of the marriage of Joseph and Mary were but a prelude to even more astonishing mani festations of 'the Holy Spirit in the co-operation of many ' tilings *o the fiilfilment of the pro phecy of - Mieaff, 'And tho% IJeifrtehem; in the land of Judah, art not the least among the princes of Judah ; for out of thee shall come a Governor that shall rule my people Israel.15 These prophetic words had peculiar applica- ; tion, which the people interpreted rightly a3 foreshowing the birth of the Messiah to occur in Bethlehem, but it had yet wider significance. Since the revolt of the ten tribes^and the dis ruption of Solomon's kingdom at Sheehein, the nation had been divided into the kingdom of Judah and that of Israel. This division proved ; disastrous to both branches, as it led to inter- ; minable wars for nearly three centuries and to : the final bondage of the Jews to the Assyrians. : Their liberation was accomplished through the j influence of Daniel, after seventy years, bub { through the Temple was rebuilt and efforts at : consolidation of the race were made by a re- . i storation of the old hierarchy, Nehemiah proved to be the last of the line of prophets, and both Judah and Israel lost their distinctness, | while the homogeneity of the people wa3 j utterly destroyed. The prophecy of Micah, made three centuries before the captivityt clearly traces the march of the invading Assyrians through Palestine and declares the woes which came upon the people for their corruption. After uttering this prophecy he pronounced the great glory that should come to the nation, dissevered as it was, through a Messiah who would rule both Judah and Israel. Thus this great herald of the future proclaimed the coming of a Governor who would bring peace to all the world, using the illustration of a united Judah and Israel as a symbol of the restoration of a universally acknowledged Uuler before whom the nation would ultimately not only bow in allegiance, but of whose king dom there would be no end. THE REGISTRATION FOR TAXATION'. The singular co-operation of events to the fulfilment of Micah's prophecy is particularly observed in the decree issued by Augustus Cassar for an estimate of the resources and an enumeration of the people of the many pro vinces that composed his empire. Ostensibly this census was taken for the purpose of fixing the levies of tax which might bs equitably collected from the dependencies of the Roman Government, but its application to Judea seems to have been rather an initial act, under God, toward the fulfilment of Micah's pro phecy. At the time the decree was_ published Judea was not publicly recognised as a Roman province, but rather as a dependency. Herod was nominally king of Judea, but in fact he was only a viceroy and a Roman subject, who had to ob serve the edicts of Csesar. But to give the appearance of independence he recognised the Jewish customs, and therefore, in obeying the decree, he issued an order that every family within his government should proceed to the place where their respective genealogical records were kept for enrolment. As both Mary and Joseph were of the lineage of David, in pursuance of Herod's order they proceeded to Bethlehem far registration. Thus the edict of Augustus Caesar, issued when the world was at peace, and without any apparent reason for taking an enumeration, since the taxes were collected in Judea by Herod, who in turn paid the fixed tribute to Csesar, appears conclusively to have been an instrumentality of the Divine will. The birth of Jesus was so near at hand that God moved the Emperor of Borne to do the one necessary thing that would fulfil the words of Micah. In obedience to the order of Herod Joseph and Mary made ready immediately for the journey to Bethlehem, which lies almost due south of Nazareth and about 15 miles north of Hebron. The road from Nazareth to Bethle hem was therefore the same as that over which Mary had travelled on her way to visit Eliza beth, and the scenes which called up patriotic as well as pious reflections on that journey were yet fresh in her mind. Being well acquainted with all the Messianic prophecie3 she could not be insensible to the singular tim ing of events which of themselves foretold a speedy and exact fulfilment of the prophet's announcement, and her heart and soul must have been aroused to intense jubilation as she realised the synchronism of the enforced visit to Bethlehem, the fulness of her period, and the expiration of the time fixed by Daniel for the Saviour's birth. The journey was completed without special incident of apostolic record, but upon reaching the ancient place of David, Mary and her hus band found that so large a thrcng of strangers, brought together for the same purpose, had preceded them that all the public lodging places in the town of three thousand inhabi tants were already occupied. What! noplace to house the royal mother 'I No couch in which to lay the King of earth 1 No lords of state awaiting in antechamber ? No messengers mounted at the doorway ready to herald the advent from city to city ? No medical skill in attendance? No satin-lined cradle to reserve the infantile guest '! No, none ! GOD IX A MAXGER. But human beings must be sheltered as well as beasts ; some place must bs found. If not among the lords, then among the lowly ; if not among the lowly then let it be among the beasts, for these poor creatures will not refuse to share their quarters, even though they stand in narrow stalls and feed at the hands of those who begrudgingly give small allowances of food while taxinp them to the limit of endu rance. So Mary and Joseph finding no wel come in either mansion or cottage are forced to seek shelter among the beasts, to accept the discomforts of a stable even at a time the most critical, at the approaehment and at the fulfil ment of maiden motherhood. And in a stable among the asses, and cows, and the camels, while the air outside was disturbed by the various cries of muleteers, ostlers, and camel drivers, Mary bowed herself and was delivered of her first-born, the joint heir of God; the arch-king ; a monarch upon whom the night pointed her bediamonded finger, while the door of heaven set wide open to give the angels sight of Him ; and orchestral batons of light waved oratorios of the Messiah across the sky and the minstrelsy of heaven flung out melo dies of glory and goodwill. But while heaven was all aglow with joy the Son ot God was not yet raised from the straw in the manger where His mother had laid Him, covered with coarse linen ; nor was the poor mother yet ministered to in her many needs. For her there was neither comfort nor privacy. A foettev adapted place hath the eaglet in the eyrie; hath the whelp in the lion's lair. The Exile of heaven lieth down upon the stra v ; the first night out from the palace of heaven,'spent in an outhouse. One hour after laying aside the robes of heaven, dressed in a wrapper of coarse linen. One would have supposed that Christ would have made a more gradual descent, coming from heaven first to a half-way world of great magnitude, then to Caasar's palace, then to a merchant's palace in Galilee, then to a private home in Bethany, then to a fisherman's hut, and, last of all, to a stable. No ! no ! It was one leap from the top to the bottom. Let us open the door of the caravansary m Bethlehem and drive away the camels. Press on through the group of idlers and loungers. What, O Mary, no light ? ' No light,' she says, 'save that which comes tliroughthe door.' What, Mary, no food ? ' None,' she says, ' only that which is brought in the sack on the journey.' Let the Bethlehem woman who has come in here with kindly attentions put back the covering from the babe that we may look upon it. Look ! look ! Uncover your head. Let us kneel. Let all voices be hushed. Son of Mary. Son of God! Child of a day Monarch of eternity. Omnipotence sheathed in that babe's arm. Omniscience strung in the optic nerve of that child's eye. That voice to be changed from the feeble plaint to a tone that shall wake the dead. Hosannah ! Hosannah ! Glory be to God that Jesu3 came from thrown to manager, that we may rise from manger to throng,' and that 'all the gate3 are open, and that the door of heaven that once ewung this way to let Jesus out now swings the other way to let us in. Let all the bellmen of heaven .lay hold the rope and ring out the news— 'Behold, ; I bring you glad tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people, for to-day is born in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord !' (To he continued, J 