AMtrSEMEETTS,: :] % Iheatres, &c.; MADAME EEENHAEDT IN 'LA TOSCA,' The drama of ' La Tosea,' in which Madame Bernhaidt appeared last night, showed a side of tier genius which was hardly disclosed at all in ' La Dame anx Camelias.' If a person who could be imagined as entirely ignorant with regard to the great actress were to see her in the piece just mentioned, tbe impression which would be left on hjm would of course be that her command of emotional expression was wonderful. But still the resources which she displays in 'La Dame Aux Camelias'\ give comparatively little indication of the power which she exhibits in '* La Tosea.' The scenes in Dumas's play, even when illustrated by such a genius as Madame Bernhardt, appeal but in a sentimental way to the spectator, whereas in ' La Tosea ' a really tragic note is sounded. At any rate if, according to the old definition, terror and pity be feelings which, are supposed to come within the legitimate range of the tragic muse, the conditions in such respects are certainly not wanting in ' La Tosea.' The play, as all the world knows, was specially written for Madame Sarah Bernhardt. To theatre-goers in Sydney it was not long since rendered gene rally familiar through, the medium of an English version. But^ though, they may have had a pretty fair idea conveyed as to what the piece itself was, they could have had no notion of what the character of the heroine could be made in the hands of the gifted woman with whom it was first associated. Let it at once be added that, to those who have been so fortu nate as to see her in that character, the possibi lity of ever again associating it with anybody else is not for a moment to be conceived. In the first two acts of 'La Tosea,' as many persons will remember, there is little or no liint of the terrible sequel which awaits the love episode of the artist Mario Cavaradossi and the singer Floria Tosea. It is not till the third act that the actual turning point is reached. Thence till the end of the drama agonising and awful situations follow fast upon one another.^ Ttie scene in which La Tosea ia left with, the Chief of Police, Scarpia, while' ber lover is led into an adjoining chamber and put to the torture in order to make him confess where the escaped prisoner Angelotti is concealed, gives Madame Bernhardt her most remarkable opportunity Her force, and passion* and patho& are truly marvellous. Every tone of ' her voice, every shade of expression in her face, is something to haunt the memory for ever. iVenzied grief, rage, and despair are typified with & vividness that can only be faintly imagined by anybody who has not with, his own eyes witnessed this extraordinary manifestation of histrionic genius. When the singer at ? lasb, maddened with the thought of what tbe man she loves is suffering, utters the secret which his torturers are vainly trying to wring from him, it is as though it were actually torn from her under the infliction of such physical pain as he is supposed to be enduring. And the feelings by whiek she was dominated told with unmistakable directness on the audience. When the act closed there was an enthusiastic roar of applause, and it is tolerably certain that there was nobody in Her Majesty's *just then who would not have been prepared to admit without the least qualification or doubt that Sarah Bernhardt is indeed an actress whose peer is not to be found on the modern stage. The scene in which she stabs the villain Scarpia was also represented with thrilling intensity. One could - see the idea of the murder of Scarpia' forming itself in the mind of the unhappy woman who had -been the dupe of his treachery, and as it became a fixed determina tion, the stony stare of the eyes and the com pressed mouth were fearfully suggestive of the fact. As she stood brandishing the knife over the body of her dead enemy, she looked a very image of vengeance. The final scene 'where the Binger flings herself into the Tiber, was in perfect ieeping 'pith, the foregoing ones. The support which Madame Bernhardt received from her company was exceedingly satisfactory. Particular mention may be made of the Scarpia of M. Duquesne, the Mario of M. Fleury, and the Marquis Attavanti of M. Munie. There were calls and recalls every time the curtain fell. The sensational drama of 'Plying from Jus tice,' in which the principal parts are played by the brothers William and Oeorge Bignold, was repeated last night at the Theatre EoyaL ' Our Flat 'is still on at the Garrick, and Mr. W. Eoyee and his colleagues are as amusing as ever in that capital little piece. . Mr. ? Dan Tracey's Minstrel: and .Variety Com pany at the School of Arts flourish as heretofore. A constant succession of fresh faces is to be seen in connection with Mr. Tracey's excellent show: The attendance at the Alhanlbra Music HaH daring the week has, as UB'ual- been very good. Messrs. Franks and Marion, and. Mies Marion Franks have firmly established themselves in the good erraces of the Alhambra's numerous patrons; while the older members of the com pany have lost nothing of their popularity. The number of skaters at Barlinghnrst has in creased since the change in the weather set in. An amateur race of one mile and a half will be contested to-morrowi night, and as all the leading amatettr skater- have entered, it promises to be an exciting event. The Trocadero at Newtown still continues to provide attractions which are much appreciated by the large numbers who patronise this rink. Last evening, at the Congregational School Hall, Pitt-street, Mr. Parker Lewis recited Dickens's *' Christmas -Carol w to a large and approving audience. The recital was given under the auspices of the Congregational Toung People's TJnion, and the; ability displayed by Mr. Lewis throughout, but more Especially in his treatment of 'Ma-ley's Ghost' and 'Bdb Cratehifs Christmas Dinner/', was of a character which secured for him warm and frequent applause. Tbe chair was occupied bytheEev. W. Bradley, and at the conclusion of the recital Mr. Lewis was accorded a vote of thanks. 