ASVJDSEMEflTS. Stage Whispers. , (By ' Qbaiiano.'') 1 Bland Holt has received a cordial wel come on hisreturn to Sydney, and he has been -doing good business at the, Theatre Royal, in' Master and Man.' ?One of ? the latest dispatches from 'Buffalo Bill* states that ?' Colonel' Cody has not. only pacified the Bed Indians, but has engaged a picked troupe, of Sioux, with special aptitude for the 'Ghost Dance,' 10 r a protracted European tour! The Dobson-Kennedy Company have purchased , the New Zealand rights of ' Little Lord Fiuhtle'roy,' and ' littlo Ruby Kennedy will assume ' the title role. . At Cullensville, Miss Idrene Thorn ton, ja member, of. the company had, her arms and hands severely cut through being struck by glass from a kerosene lamp which burst. ? ' '-?-? ?' ?'? '' -.?'?'? ? ? ..Mrs Potter and Mr Kyrle Bellew are to reappear |n' London in ' Hero and Leander.' In 'anticipation^ of this treat one ! curious inquirer iiwonders .whether the lady; will ' engage Banger's or .Hengler's, and let' us see- *Mr Kyrle Bellew swimming across the ppded arena, even as Leander swam across '.the Hellespont?' ; .,/ . ?.. ,j ,1 , A colored tragedian, Mr,R. Henri Strange, was to appear in Philadelphia,' on January 12, as Shylock in 'The Merchant of Yeniee,'f supported -by an entire company of colored actors. . . ? 7 , : Mrs Shaw, the American ''', whistling ady,' has croatod. much enthusiasm in a large audience (whicUincludad the British Ambd;sador) at St. Petersburg. This (sayB a correspondent) is a greater triumph sinco the Russians are extremists on the sinful ness of .whistling, aud 'believe that he who who whistle's i8 communing with the Evil One. But Mrs Shaw not-mly gratiflod bei' audience, but promises — since furthur c m cart.8 ira.aiiaouucsd. tojbecomo a favorite for a SBisdri'ina society' that is fond of novelties. HVs^Larigtry.-it'is-said, will very likely play the heroine of the version ,of Proper Me'timoYs 'Carmen,' which Mr Burnand aid Mr Justin H.' McCarthy are preparing. 'The January isalie of the London Musical Times contains the first of a series1 of four patt-aongs, '0 bo. called- '-Songs of the River.' by Mr P. tf. Cowan. It is an ex tremely taolodious and uffeotlve little boat sdng, entitlMd 'Row; Gently Row.' The othar threo are called ''Waterlilies,' 'Rest- iug,' nud ' Rowing Homeward.' The reappearance of Mr Smtley on anudry 19, after his long absence from England, attracted a larger audience than1 has bean seon at a Jfonday Popular Concert this season, and as a matter of course the great singer was received with boundless enthusiasm. Since he last sang in London his voice, has undergone wouderfu'ly little deterioration, thought it has for some timo been impossible to assert that it retained all its old power and beauty of tone. The artist's command of ''expression, illustrated} in the f:\mous 'B.ri King' of Schubert, and his fiery vigor, exhibited in Hatton's ever green'' To Anthea' (given as one) of two 'encor'os), are thos'amoas ever. -That every : atom of force exerted by him attains its fullest effect is of course duo to nothing else' than the excellence of his vocal train ing. ? ' ' The adaptation by Messrs. Walch and Qampier of 'Rolf Boldrewood's ' story 'The Miner's Right 'continues to give sat isfaction to large audiences at the Alex andra Theatre (says an exchsnge). Not withstanding one or two solecisms, and a curious mixture of Victonan and New South Wales goljlislls incidents, : this is the bast stage representation of Australian gol fields' life of the olden time which the colonies h»ve yet aeon1. Thesc^nory is ex cellent, aud the stage management shows a vory intelligent comprehension of some of the minu'ire.of the old-time diggings days, wheriithere 'was a good 'deal 'of v'a'iegated vagabondising and a stalwart population, whose component- parts were so various that, to those who looked beneath the red or blue jumper, it had the interest of a 'fancy-dress ball,' with the added attraction of the characters being teal. The 'court house Scene, with. the trial'of Harry Pole for- a murder which he did not commit, and bis evectual triumphal acquittal, is by no means n, new idea, but it is realistically aridoted,:and- it never \'f lils to excite the interest and secure the applause of the audiences. ' ? ? Mr David Christie Murray, and. Mr St. Maur have fallen out. Mr Murray was ad vortised to perform 'iii' 2nd 'March in the Melbourne^ Exhibition-hall :in 'Jfmv the Penman,' played Hylthe.St. Mdur company. He did not -.appaar, - however,, although he was in Geelong, uud next morning published a letter stating' that1 he'was nbt aware till he arrived, in Geolong that he-was to appear, that his consent had not been asked, or ob tained, and that a liwsuit was pending batwean tbe partieB. When'the '.company assembled for rehearsal, Mr' M-iirray' ap peared on1 the boards, and,,cloiminK that'he had, an interest in, the. company, endeavored to direct the members. .Asceue tben.occurrad between Mr St. Maur and' Mr Murray, t'he latter being looked upon as a trespasser. Mr St. Maur subt «quently obtained a war rant against Mr Murray for trespass. Mr WurrAV. It- nwincr t-.hut; t.hn wftn-unt, wafi issued against him, appeared on the stage at the F.xhibition-hall in the evening during the performance, for the purpose of bringing matters to a head. He was then arrested on a charge of trespass, and admitted to bail. A dispute as' to partnership accounts is said to be the cause of the unpleasant ness. At the Geelong' court, on '1th inst., the charge of trespa-sing was inquired into and dismissed, Mr St. Maur admitting that Mr Murray had a partnership interest m the company. 