BS FELL AMQM By DAVID CHRISTIE 5IUIIRAY aud HEJUIY HER1IAST. Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' ' A Lifes' Atone ment,' 'Coals 'of Fire,' 'The Way of the World,' &c;, &e.; Published Iiy special arrangement with the author. ! All rights l'esen-ed.] Chapter XL It came out tliat before the arrival of the Cir cassian regiment there -had been a considerable exodus from the village. The high-spirited Christians who bad shot the two Tchlrkasfrom. an ambush had been moved to that emprise by the belief that their victims were unaccom panied. Learning suddenly that vengeance was close behind they gave warning to such of their fellow villagers as were within easy reach and some score or more of them took refuge to swfhpr rn ihf. hills. When thev iudsred all to be quiet and safe again they came back timidly to reconnoitre. Finding the village street strewn wi£h dead, they raised a terrible wail ing, and for a while were more than half dis posed to cut the throat of the solitary survivor and that of his companion ; but being at length repersuaded that neither the one onr the other was responsible for the attack, they buried their dead in quiet and left the Englishmen to themselves. They kept a trembling watch for the reappearance of the enemy, and held them selves in readiness to fly and hide at any moment. Ronald Morton continued his friendly offices, and since the utmost skill could have done little better for Harry than to leave leave him to absolute repose he succeeded as well with his patient as a professional uurss could have done. Mr. Morton was in a very curious corner, and though lie had greatly more courage in diplomacy than in warfare he did not care at chat time to risk himself in any centre of civilisation. The whole civilised world was up in arms against him. More than one Government was offering a heavy reward for the apprehension of William Reid, and Konald Morton felt such an interest in William Reid's welfare as no man of his calibre ever felt except for the great Num ber One. As it happened, Ronald Morton was known in passing to a mere score of people— the little Bulgarian bride and her family included — but William Reid had an almost world-wide reputation, which just at present he was very far from enjoying. He was sorely in want of a companion in his enforced solitude. That was a question of sentiment. He wanted also a well- bred gentlemanly eon federate. That was a question of business. He was one of the adroitest scoundrels in the world, and even in his retirement was full of schemes and plans. In the person of Harry Wynne, proscribed aud hunted, Providence seemed to have sent him companion and eon federate in one. He thought it unlikely that he would be put to much trouble in securing him, but caution was one of his most rooted habits, and he played so lightly round his theme as he approached it that Harry had no suspicioji of him. He allowed the English newspaper to lie about in his companion's reach, and once or twice saw it taken languidly up and glanced at. He himself, from sheer vacuity, had read its very advertisements and could tell at a look on what item of intelligence the sufferer's eye rested when he scanned the paper. There was no other reading matter within miles, and Ronald Morton bided his time with patience. Wynne was certain sooner or later to come upon the paragraph which concerned him, and Morton's only fear was lest it should be lighted upon his absence and he should be unable to judge of its immediate effect. He watched his companion a.s a cat watches a mouse, but as for tune would have, though Harry was constantly taking up the old newspaper, looking at it and tossing it away again, his eye never lighted on the lines which concerned himself. Mr. Morton determined therefore to bring tilings to a head. He himself took up the newspaper and read the accusing paragraph with a beautifully managed start of surprise and a stare of stricken wonder at his comrade. He walked up aud down the room in so perplexed and dis turbed a fashion that Harry was impelled to ask him what the matter was. Mr. Morton, suddenly gone cold as an ice berg and prim as an old maid, folded the paper so as to being the paragraph into prominence, and made a show of offering it. ' I have no right to pry into your concerns,' he said, arresting himself, ' but will you kindly tf-ll infi if toii are the era,ndsoii of the Earl of Bridgebourne 1' ' I am,' said Harry. ' What about it ?' Mr. Mcrfcon placed the old journal in his hands, dinting the paragraph with his thumb nail, and retired to a corner of the hut, ?where -he-sat ^lown with-an^ir -of- doubting watchful ness. Harry read the lines and made a furious effort to struggle into a sitting posture, but Ml back groaning. 'That,' he cried, beating the paper with his clenched fist as it lay on the floor beside him, ' that is what I was ass enough to corne away from. That is what 1 have led the world to think. The scoundrels! The villains! The liars ':l What with rase and shame and the pain he had given himself he could say no more. He lay clawing at the paper with his right hand, clenched his teeth tightly together, and stared blindly at the roof. Afr. 'Morton drew the clumsv three-lesrsred stool lie sat on close to his companion's side, and stooping over him laid a soothing hand upon his shoulder. ' ^ell me all about it, Wynne,' lie said in a kindly sympathetic -voice. ' I think. I know an honest man when I see one.' The fctory was rajikling ia Harry's mind anew and it was a relief to tell it. ' About nine months ago I lost about three hundred pounds at eearte one night at the Five Year-Old Club. I am not proud of myself now for having played beyond my means, and I. suppose I pretty well deserved everything that came out of it. I found a man who did a bill for me at three months, and when the time canie I couldn't meet it. I tried my honest best, but he was in an awful hole himself aud couldn't wait, or at any rate he said so.' 'Who was your obliging friend ?' asked Morton smilingly. His companion was tak ing him on to familiar ground. ' A man named Whale. Herbert Whale.' 'Oh!' Eaid Morton, smiling more broadly. 'The fellow they call Hump? He's a very nice man. Champagne and cigars, eh? Five hundred percent, per annum.33 ' You know him T cried Harry. ' I know of him,' said Morton. ' Who has knocked about London who doesn't ? Shall I finish your stoi-y for you'?3 ' Do you think you can f said Harry. ' I can try. Let us suppose that Mr. Whale is very desperately pressed for money. He knows a jeweller who will sell you anything and wait until the crack of doom for payment. A. most obliging fellow. Your uncle will take the jewels, Butterfield won't ask more than thirty, per cent, over their value. And when you've been innocently guilty of illegal pawn ing Mr. Whale and Mr. Butterfield will put the screw on your noble relatives. Was Captain Heaton in it ? Ah ! I thought so. He's got the whip-hand of the other pair. It's an old trick, my boy. It's been played over and over again. It seldom fails. They seem to have made a hash of it in your case, but they did very well with young Laseelles and young Crawford last year, and I suppose they have somebody else jn tow by this tune.' Harry did not stop to enquire how this in timate -knowledge of affairs fitted with Morton's earlier aspect of wounded coldness. He was mainly occupied in savouring a new bitterness. He had been gulled by a device so stale that a stranger hearing half the story could fill in the rest for him. He had known liimself a victim, and had now to confess himself a greenhorn, which, for a greenhorn, is as un pleasant a thing as can be well imagined. 'You should never have come away,' con tinued Morton, .working towards 'his own pur pose. 'A clever solicitor would have pulled you through in safety. They dare not have fought the case. But iu running away you have thrown up everything. If the -case weut . before a jury now they would convict to a certainly. Ybu'ie expatriated for life, and that's the plain English of it. You dare not show up again.'3 _ ' No T said Harry. 'As soon as ever I can cross a horse again back I go. Ill have it out with these scoundrels and tell the truth whatever it may cost me.' 'That's all very well,' said Mr. Morton, pursuing his role of man of the world, ' if you had any witnesses to prove anything for you, but I'll warrant that Messrs. Wnale and Butterfield were too smart to give you that chance. You saw them alone. You have no evidence of their complicity, and I'll bet what you like that Whale asked you to tear up the bill when it came back into your hands. Did he^' ? ' Of course he did.' ' Of course he did. And you obliged him ? of course, again. Tliat bill was your only bit of evidence, and you threw it away. Bsfore you talk of going back again look tilings in the ] face. YouTl go into the dock to be tried for fraud. The witnesses against you are of course the people who brmg the charge. You have no witnesses to ca.lL Your own mouth is closed by the law, aud you are not allowed to say a word. Whatever your solici tor says for you is tainted and not worth a stiaw. You get at leaet a year, and probably two. You have completed your rain, and the prison brands you for life. Stay where you are, Wynne. Stay where you are.' There was no doubting that the advica was eminently practical and wise, mid there was ? little doubt, if any, in Harry's mind that the programme his companion laid down would be fulfilled to tlie letter if lie returned to Eag 'itnid. He made no answer, and- ths- thoais ? was allowed- to drop. Morton slo3»?d aad: patted him softly on the shoulder, and went away wi#i an admirable delicacy into the open air. : The theme was buried, but its ghost walked in broad daylight. Morton turned cynic in his , speech and railed against the world. The worthlessness of reputation became a favorite theme with him. 'If I were wrongfully suspected and pro scribed as you have been,' he said, ' I believe I should be tempted to turn adventurer. Td take it out of the beggars somehow. It should go hard if I didnyt better the things they brought against me.' . This, as a mere explosion of sympathetic wrath was passable. Harry had no dream of its being anything more than that, and so let it go by without response. Morton let the seed lie, but he had no idea on how stony a ground it had fallen. Even his most friendly sympa thiser could hardly deny that Harry' Wynne had been a fool, but a conscious temptation^ to dis honor had never so much as presented, itself to him. He was honest to the bone and could no more heir) it than he could help being sis feet high. The subtle Morton plied all the tools of liis agriculture, threw his seed broadcast, and WaifCJICU IU1 signs \JL gLV^uu- ±y*ji*\\* '??'« He was extremely open and confidential, as- : he could very well afford to be since he care- i fully eliminated all truth from the statements he made concerning himself. He described familiarly that airy Kekewich in Cheshire which Harry Wynne could, not remember _ to have heard of. Harry; grew intimate with the place and with its inhabitants. He made acquaintance with the excellent Morton, senior, a model country squire, now lying in the churchyard of quiet Keke wich by the side of his admirable wife. The narrator could only just remember his mother, and their common early orphanage was a bond between the historian and tiie listener. All this time his devotion to his suffering comrade was really sin- prising. He manufactured a rough but stalwart crutch, by the aid of which again. He drew his comrade out in the long dull days, and found a hundred devices for passing the time. He marked a square of the old newspaper for a draught board, and they played on it with gold and silver coins. He in troduced another amusement which Harry found attractive. He was a remarkable pen man and could imitate the signatures of scores of eminent people. He set his companion to work at tliis, aud in that way the5' wiled away many an hour which would otherwise have been listless and unoccupied. Napoleon'stremendous autograph, Captain Marryat's copper-plate signature, Carlyle's grim crabbed fist, Byron's sprawl, aud Dickens's self - proclaniatory flourish, these and countless others appeared upon paper at the bidding of Mr. Morton's skilful fingers. The invalid's fancy was quite euchaiited by this new art. He pursued it vigorously aiid to his own astonishment dis covered that he had great aptitude for it. Ronald Morton began to have hopes of his pupil,- and if he could but ouce have broken through that unconscious hedge of natural honesty would have congratulated himself most highly. He wanted a gentleman forhLsr- urposes, and was judge enough of what he wanted to know that he had found it in the youngest represen tative of the house of Bridgebourne. The boy had an undeniable air of distinction, and it was a pity to waste such material as he owned on a career of honesty. It was a pity too that the look of honor that he wore should have been_ actually accompanied by the real thing. To disarm suspicion is the rogue's best game, aud ]\Ir. Morton himself was always conscious of a little difficulty in it. Harry Wynne would have found his own ingratiating airs superfluous. When the two companions got to imitating each other's signatures: Morton grew facetious about the business value of the art he taught. Harry met his jests with an honest laugh, which never failed to disconcert him, though he always hid his discomfiture. They had been together nearly a month before Harry's stolid, stupid honor finally blunted such implements of moral agriculture as Morton dared to bring to bear upon him. Morton gave him up at last, seeing clearly- that there was no hope of a confederacy between them. In the meantime war and ? the rumors of war were thickening about them, though lying off the one main road of the country they saw nothing. Morton had al l-eady iiad enough of warlike experiences to last him for a lifetime and was eager to find a safer hiding place. He tallied of pushing acrossconn try to Dahiiatia, and induced Harry to giveliim a half promise of companionship. The sprained leg still made movement painful, but its uses were rapidly returning, and in a day or two he hoped to be quite hunself again. They woke up one morning to a scene of great excitement. The surviving score of villagers were wild -yith joy at the arrival of a handful of Cossacks, who naturally aud wisely proclaimed themselves the advance guard of the main body, though as a matter of fact they were playing the rashest roving game and had . no supports within seventy miles. Gouvko's cavalry was rather fond of this sort of knight-errantry, and perhaps found it easier and safer to practise in a country which has but one road in it than it would be in any more civilised land. There was not a woman left in the village nor a child, but the residue of the -inhabitants turned out in clumsy festal style, their great bearskin hats ornamented with ribbons and cockades of rags pinned to their sheepskin breast ?=. The uaw arrivals ate and drank of their best, and bouueed and swaggered as only this kind of military ad venturer can bounce and s\vag;rer. Overwhelm ing forces were close behind them, the whole country was hi their hands. Suleiman had brtjn swept away at the Shipka ; a hundred thousand of their men were massed atTelichs ; the way was practically and gloriously over. Bulgaria was free of the Turkish yoke, the treaty of peace would be signed in a fortnight, and the little father was coining down the road in peaceful glorious military procession iu a day or two. Every Balkan villager heard these fine tidings at one time or other during the war, aud most of them lived to wish that the news had come later and when it was near ful filment. Harry and Mr. Ronald Morton were too wise in their generation to say anything of the Cir cassian company in which one of them had arrived. They accepted the chances of war, which, like poverty, makes one acquaiutsd with strange bedfellows, and gave the arrivals a cordial welcome. The lieutenant in command, being pretty sick of a seven weeks' diet of black bread, ^onions,! and dirty water, fell on to Morton's ported luxuries with gusto and vowed himself delighted to have met so charming and hospitable a com panion. Mr. Morton had provisioned him self as if for a siege of loug duration, but the Cossack lieutenant's appetite was abnormal and made visible inroads on his stores. The brandy and tobacco gave him supreme contentment, and when the meal was crowned with coffee, he declared himself in Paradise. He complimented the two English gentlemen on their courage in looking so closely at war without the combatant's interest or com pulsion, and Morton, whilst accepting his com pliments, swore inwardly to have seen the last of it. He would mount and ride to-morrow for Zara, where sweet peace reigned, and the de tective forces of Paris, London, and Vienna were alike unknown. The day of rejoicing was wound up over a huge flaming pannikin of burned rum, to which the village world at large was invited. Sentries were posted and the village went to sleep a little sounder than usual perhaps. The densest dark of night was over and the first pale graj' of dawn was in the air when a sud den clatter of horse hoofs in the street awoke Harry and his companion. ' What's tliat ?' said Harry, stirring oa his couch of rugs and skins. 'The Cossacks are off,'' said Morton. 'I never believed their vaporing. The Turks are in force close by.' ' We'll see them away anyhow,' said Harry. 'That lieutenant's a jovial bird, but unless his. head islined with cast-iron he carries a head ache with him.' The inside of the hut was in dense darkness. The two arose, groping for their jackets which they had thrown off before going to sleep. Morton dragged the door open, and the village street showed dimly with half a dozen- mounted figures in it thronging before the door. The two passed through jnto the gay dawn, and at that second; there was a crackling roar of. noise, a sudden belching of red light a hundred yards away, and Harry felt a vivid sting, followed by a strange numb ness in his shoulder. Morton screamed and threw both arms into the air. He spun around two or three times with his hands writhing above his head aud fell back through the door way of the hut. Harry, vainly striving to seize him, followed. There were quick recurrences of light and darkness in his eyes with every pulsation of the blood, a curious painless stupor fell on him and he dropped on the body of his companion. The sound of firing reached his ears again and the mad clatter of hoofs wliich had answered to the first died off into the distance. With that he lost all con sciousness of his surroundings and lay like a stone for a hour. Chapter XII. Mr. Hogan, M.D., was getting the loveliest practice in gunshot wounds and was in a state of supreme contentment over half a dozen Cosfacks, when a Turkish regular plucki i him by the sleeve and pointed to the open doorway of a hut in the village street. 'Wan thing at a toimeaad that done well is a very good rule, as many can tell,' quoted Mr. Hogan serenely ; but the swarthy little uian insisted and the medico rose from his knees and followed. ' Begad !' lie broke out, 'they're English, the pair of 'em. Black btsird's business is over and it's a pity, for he's a foine loikely-looking fellow. There's life in the other chap and whilst there's life there's hcjje they^ say. Let's liave a look at him. Why, youre only a boy, me child ! Poor lad ! What brings ye out at this kind o' foolery ?'' He ^busied hiiiiself with skilful hands about .the-wound. ? ' :Tis tigly, but it might have been uglier. An inch makes all the difference. An inch and a half lower down and somebody would have gone into mourning. Ye'll do for awhile now. HI get back to my Cossacks. There's nothing to be done for Blackbeard, poor chap.' He held Morton's hand in his own for a second and then dropped it and turned away, saddened whilst he might have counted three, and then brisk and alert again. The daylight grew broader and a slanting ray of sunshine fell upon the feet both of the quicksand the dead as they lay side by side. It climbed higher and higher, touched the knees, the waist, and at last shone full into the wounded man's eyes. He woke from his swoon with a groan, and turning saw Morton lying close beside him and knew at a glance that he was dead. His wide-open eyes were fixed and glassy, and he stared as if he saw some dread ful thing. Harry lay regarding him for a full minute. He himself was conscious of no great pain, but the dead man's face was like a prophecy to him. ' It's all over,' he said to himself. ' This is the end of it all.' A new faintness crept over him and he took it for the coming of death. He had carried Inthia's letter in his inner pocket ever since he had received it. His thoughts turned to it and to her. He groped for it feebly with a last , farewell in his heart. He would die with Inthia's letter in his hand if he died in the act of getting it. In his feverish struggles he discovered tliat his left arm aud his breast were bandaged. He wondered at this for a moment, but gave it no further thought. Trying to force his uninjured right hand beneath the bandage he discovered, tliat the jacket he wore was not his own, and a single glance at the dead man beside him told him that in the hurry aud the darkness eaeh had seized the other's garment. Morton lay on his right and he could stretch a hand across his body. He struggled with a vigor which would have shown an onlooker how far away from death he really was, but he had no though in his own mind except of a final fare well. . He succeeded in seizing the letter, which lay alone, and drawing it from its liiding place he tried to raise it to his lips. His movements had disarranged the bandage and brought on a new flow of blood. He sank dizzily back into unconsciousness and the letter dropped from his hand. Later on he had a dreamlike knowledge of voices, motion, and the open air, burthis faded and for a week he knew nothing of the world. The first thing he woke to was a blue sky, with fanciful figures on it, wliich dazzled and darkened into singular colors, but always kept the same pattern. He was dimly interested in this phenomenon. He had never seen a sky like tliat before aud was feebly tempted to laugh at it. Iu the very fact of that humorous perception he fell asleep. When he woke to consciousness again somebody was feeding him. There was a yellow glow of lamplight in the room. He knew it for lamplight though lie could not see its source ; but the same absurd blue sky with arabesque figures oh it of various colors still winked at him, and dazzled out of darkness into light with a ragular pulsa tion. He was sleepily bent once more on laughter when Ms eyes cleared. The blue sky became a blue distempered wall, and the strange arabesque of dark and light resolved itself, into a vulgar Bulgarian mural decora tion. 'He'll dew, Hogan!' said a voice. The valiant children of Erin were everywhere. 'Why wou'dn't lie?'3 another voice re sponded. ' He's as lean as a rat, but he's forty inches round the chest, and as hard as a nail from top to toe. He's a noble constitu tion, and he's taken it as if it was mother's milk. Poor Wynne was nearly as fine a fellow. 'Twas a sad end for the poor.lad.' The patient listened in a vague wonder. He seemed to know nothing and to care for nothing, and yet it was strange that they should speak of him as dead. The spoon came with a slow regularity to his lips and trickled warm fceef tea between them. Why should they feed him if he were dead ? He had a feeble desire to laugh again at this ridiculous query. 'Me gad! Hogan,' said the first voice, 'if you and rue had run away from our debts we'd ? hardly have run out here.' 'It's excellent practice,' returned the other solemnly, 'but ye can't help thinking some-, times. There's not a spot -? whisky within five hundred moiles.' Then the patient went to sleep, having given no sign of being awake beyond his ab sorption of the nourishment offered him. He knew nothing of the lapse of time, and it seemed natural and hi the ordinary course of things that the same voices should sound in his ear again. He opened his eyes and saw a bearded man in a fez bending over him. He had never before beheld him, but he associated him with the floating flavor of rum aud to bacco wliich had touched the atmosphere of every conscious moment since he had received his wound. 'Come, young ^entlemau,'-eaicH;hc ba-irfed' man, 'ye're 'beginning to pick iip again. Tiiat was -a glance of intelligence, Dick. Wiiat'.s he saying?' Hogan leaned over. The pale lips shaped a word. 'Morton? Morton. That's all right, me boy. We know who y'are. The papers are. all right. They'll he taken proper care of, aud you'll get them when the time comes. Y«'ll just take this' — proffering a glass to his lips ? — ' and get to sleep again.' Some dim memory of tlie exchange of gar ments floated into Harry's mind, and be guessed that his identity was confused with that of his dead companion. He could explain nothing now, and for the moment the error did not_inatter. Next day he was a little stronger, but not strong enough to talk above a whisper, and even then a mere word or two cost liim so much effort that the doc-tor waved a hand for silence aud stole away on tiptoe. He heard himself spoken of as Morton and was con stantly addressed by that name. Oace iu his hearing the two doctors talked of poor youag Wynne and the tragic ending of his*-trivial scrape. His mind began to work more clearly, and he understood that the mere change of garments had for the moment cost liim his identity. Then he began to think further, and to ask hhnse'f if it were worth while to disturb tliat arrangement. Here was an end of Harry Wynne, his troubles and disgraces. There was no more hope for him, no going back again, no chance of offering an un spotted name to Inthia. He made no definite resolution. He could not as yet have denied the general supposition, even if he would ; 'and as the hours went by and in his waking moments he revolved things in his mind lie grew more and more certain that he did not desire to do so. He heard, while he was in this state of doubt, that the news of the death of ' poor young Wynne,33 as everybody called him, had beenwiredhomeby the special correspondent of a great London daily, aud lie began to ask himself whether he could anyhow have found a more fortunate ending to his troubles. As for Inthia, she was never out of his thoughts, but she was utterly beyond liis reach. She would frieve, but she would grow reconciled in time, he would marry Humphrey Frost, and be wealthy and distinguished aud in time happv. It was hard to tliuik it, but the conviction forced itself more and more upon his mind. The chance of self-effacement thus thrust upon him was not lightly to be thrown away. Even honor seemed to call him to it. What right had he to hold Inthia to a fruitless bargain, to block up her way of life with his own miseries and misfortunes V In the first day of veal convalescence the problem solved itself. He allowed himself to be addressed as Morton and answered con sciously to the name. There was no going back from it now. Harry Wynne was dead . a-iid done with and buried in the Balkan wilds ; but there was a living, eager-hearted, and honorable youngster left behind him who had accepted the alias and personality of one of the most brilliant criminals in Europe. Chapter XIII. In the May of the year 1882 the London newspapers made a tremendous boom about the arrival in town of that intrepid and distin guished Asiatic explorer, Mr. Ronald Morton, fcome of the journals gave biographies of the celebrity, but were uncertain as to his early days. They were agreed tliat he had narrowly escaped death in the first skirmish he had wit nessed in the Russo-Turkish war, that after his recovery from his wound he had done brilliant «rvice as a special correspondent, and that :it the close of the campaign he had set out upon a journey of amazing difficulty and danger. That fascinating volume 'A Ride from the Caspian to the Pacific33 told the rest of Mr. Ronald Morton's experiences. The returned wanderer was the hero of the hour, and liis tatols was covered daily with bushels of letters and cards of invitation from distinguished and undistinguished people. j If the celebrated traveller had chosen to go into society and to get bis lionising over j it might have been foith him as it is with so { many others who become the objects of the world's amiable caprices. He might have had his month or six weeks of wonder and adula- ] tion and have got it over, falling back into the | ?unnoticeable crowd; but the obstinate i privacy in which he veiled hunself gave a zest to curiosity and the whole town was agog at him. He had two rooms at the Westminster Hotel, and received nobody. TTis secretary opened for him and assorted the enormous correspondence which poured in daily, and a lithographed form, beginning with 'Mr. Ronald Morton regrets,' did duty for hundreds of answers. One morning his secretary laid before him, with a respectful grin, a curious document. 'Tliis came this morning, sir. It is very peculiar, and I thought you might like to see it.' 'Willie, we have have missed you,' ran the curious epistle. ' One little pig went to market and one little pig stayed at home, but where's my share. Will you walk into my parlor? -G.C.G.' The celebrated traveller smiled and dropped ?the letter. 'Some madman,' he said lightly. 'Perhaps an error, sir, in enveloping letters,33 suggested the secretary. 'It looks as if it were addressed to an intimate acquaint ance.' 'Well, yes,3' the traveller allowed, 'it has that air.33 The curious epistle went into the fire with a hundred or two others, but next morning the secretary primly crumpling his lips from a smile laid before his employer a second letter in the same handwriting. ' Won't you walk into my parlor, William ? . Gilead . Balm of Gilead. Might turn vitriolic.' Nothing doubting as yet that the bruit about his name had attracted the attention of some eccentric madman, the distinguished traveller confided this letter also to the flames. It was one of those lovely days in late spring when London casts off the mantle of ugliness it wears for nine-tenths of the year and 'clothes itself in beauty. The returned wanderer had nothing to do, knew nobody, and was alone in the midst of his fame. The thought of the sunlit green of the paries drew him with a pleasing compulsion and he dressed for the open air. The light seam of a scar which ran transversely from the right side of the forehead to the left cheek made his sun burned face remarkable without greatly dis figuring it, and the frank blue grey of his eyes contrasted strongly with the dark hue of his skin. The slim figure of youth had set and broadened and thickened through a life of rare toil and purity, and a crisp, full beard and heavy moustache lent a manly dignity to his face. He was attired Like any other British gentleman, but his costume offered the thin nest of disguises. The dullest eye might see in him the signs ot wild travel and perilous adventure. He was walking along the corridor, drawing a glove over one sunburned hand as he went, when a spare, bearded man threw a door open and came out with so unguarded a vivacity that in half a second he and the great traveller were mingled in what looked like the fondest of embraces. 'Oi beg your pardon,' said the slight man, recovering the perpendicular and bowing with an overflowing politeness. ' I saw ye too late to save nieself. 'Hogan, old man, ' said the traveller. *'ljpon me word,' returned the other, scrutinising him, 'ye have the advantage of ;me.' ' I dare say I've changed. It's seven years since you pulled me out of the grave, Hogan. Take another look. Don't you remember me ?' '(Begad!' cried the doctor, ''tis Morton!' And there ensued a mighty handshaking. 'Come into my room. Fve a consulting chamber here. I'd just got my morning's work over and was away to see my patients. iiut tney can wait. Twas no wonaer 1 did not know you. What a mass of a man ye've grown ! What's your chest measurement now? Ye3ll have a drink now, won3t ye? Upon my soul, Pm delighted to meet ye. Pve read your book. Why didn3t ye tell me you were goin1 ? I'd have given a leg to be with ye. When I came to that adventure with the old .Khan I thought I'd die with laughing. What's your beverage? Put a name to it. Really,, upon me soul now, I cum delighted.' The returned wanderer stood smiling down on him, holding both his hands and every now and then giving them a solid little shake. ' You're looking prosperous, Hogan.' ' Prosp'rous, me boy,3' returned- the doctor, in a whisper of almost awe-stricken secrecy. ' I'm a world's wander to meself when I think about it. 'Twas the gunshot practice did ife all. Oi was staying .with a friend in the country, and as good luck would have. it a,_ -burglar put aloafl. o'leaa into Sir Miles Sin clair. D'ye know'm ? A foine old English -gentleman, one of the olden toirne. Ball traversed the shoulder and lodged behind the shoulder- blade. I whipped it out with a pen knife. Simplest operation in the world. Sir Miles swore I was the Napoleon of surgery and called me in a month later to attend her ladyship. I've half the aristocracy now, and no word of a lie about it. The very minute I ran into ye I was off to see Lady McCorqiio dale, sister of Lord Hounes aud the daughter of the Eai;l of Bridgebourne. She's stayin' at his lordship's house in Eccleston Square, and my broom's waiting at the door this minute.' The distinguished traveller's heart leapt at these familiar names. He longed to ask ques tion?, but gave no sign. Ker leedyship was speakin' about ye,' Hogan pursued, 'only yesterday.' Ye're the talk of London. I told her that I'd had the good luck to pull ye through and I was ass enough to forget that she was poor young Wynne's great aunt and I spoke about tlie boy being killed in the ?ame scrimmage. The old lady said nothing, but Miss Grey — that's a ?kind of niece to her — gave me a warning glance and after that I had the good, taste to hold my tongue and to change the subject. Everybody says ye're hiding- yourself. Why don't 'ye go into society ?' ' 'I don't know,' said the traveller, laughing rather joylessly. ' Perhaps I've been out of society so long that I might feel a little ill at ease and un-at- home in it ?' 'That's trew, too,' said Hogan gravely and rang the bell. 'We'll just have a pint of Monopole and a touch of angostura. Now you can't refuse me. I prescribe it. I know your constitution, from of old, and I know what's good for ye. Ye won't think me shabby in or dering a point?' said the good Celt. 'A point between two is an excellent thins of a morning, but a quart's too much. There's always duns and old chums and that sort o' people wantm3 money of me, and if I had my share of a full bottle' I'd be too generous.' The wanderer drank liis wine sadly, though lie made no show of sadness. He would have liked to question Hogan about Lady McCor quodale and her household, but he was unused to pretences, and before he had found a subter fuge the small bottle was empty and -the doctor was- on his feet prepared to go. 'Ye'll dine with me to-noight?' said Hogan. 'Won't ye now? We'll have a talk about old times, and I'll beat up one or two of tlie old boys. Seven sharp. Don't fail me now. Ye'll come, won't ye f ' Let us dine alone to-night, Hogan,33 said the traveller. ' We shall have plenty to talk about, and I don't care about a crowd.'*3 It was agreed to, and they parted. The distinguished wanderer sauntered into the park thinRing of conversational devices by means of which he might lure en Hogan to talk of his patient and her companion. Intbia was Miss Grey still, it seemed, and had not married Humphrey Frost and his millions after all. He did ' not flatter liimself that he knew much of the great world of human nature. H-s had elected to iinmure himself in savage solitudes, and had. given himself but little opportunity for study of the human heart. He was faithful to his old remembrances, but questioning himself he found a reason for it. In long lonely marches and companionless night bivouacs Intbia had been the constant comrade of his thoughts, and he had given her no rivaL If he had mixed with the world things might have gone differently, and she had remained in it. Then again she had thought him dead this seven years. A girl of her position, her beauty, - and prospective wealth could never be without suitors, and he thought it strange that she had not married long ago. He dismissed, as a sort of coxcombry, the thought which would in trude itself that she had been faithful to his memory all these years. He had so long since resigned her and had so completely obliterated himself that these thoughts were pensive rather than palnfuL The boyish ardor of desire had faded and- he was contented to be alone. But none the less was she a saint to him, an object of worship, the embodiment of all that was true and pure and good and beautiful in womankind. Dinner-time came, and he was punctual to thehour. He played liis conversational wiles, deliberately prepared, on Hogan. 'Poor young Wynne,' he said, 'was in love with your patient's ward, I fancy.' ' And that3s no wonder,' Hogan answered, ' though she could have been no more than a child when he knew her. She's not more than four-and-twenty now, and to my mind she's just the loveliest woman in London.' Hogan's companion knew nothing of that masterpiece of fiction, 'The Ordeal of Richard Feverel,' but without its guiding aid he recog nised Beauty's Dog in Hogan, ALJU. Beautjrs Dog excites no jealousy in the mind of any lover, and when Hogan chanted Inthia's praises Harry Wynne listened in grave and tender assent. A crowd of Hogans might have worshipped her and have awakened no senti ment except one of acquiescence in his mind. 'I. wasn't braggin',' said Hogan, 'but I \- mentioned to her ladyship that I'd met ye this morning and that you were going to dine with me this evening.' (To be continued.) 