THE WEDDING RING. A Tale of To-Bay. £y ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of "The Heir of Linne," "The Moment After," "The Shadow of the Sword," " God and the Man," " Stormy Waters," &c.; E Published lay special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHATTEHIVIII.-( Continued.) He paused in his story; panting a little with the exertion of so much speech. Barbara sat waiting with clasped hands and tear-stained cheeks for him to continue. _ Outside the pleasant homely sounds of farm life came float ing up to the window of the room on the still June air,, the clamping of the horses in the stalls below, the cluck of poultry, the rattle of the big mastiff's chain as he snapped at the flies, the call of a waggoner to his horses fifty yards away on the high road, the distant clatter of a sheep bell, the drowsy music of the trees. Presently Jake's voice rose again, monotonous: and hollow, like a ghost's. .. "I was that mazed I couldn't think for an hour or two. Then I went to the claim where my partner was worldng. I didn't need to tell him what had happened. He knew already, and he saw it in my face as I knew too. I asked him to buy my share and he took it, and paid for it more than it was worth I remembered afterwards, though I didn't notice at the time. He offered to come along with me, but I said I didn't want him. It was my work and I meant to go through with it alone. I meant to find 'em and to kill em both, and what was to happen afterwards I didn't know and I didn't care. I hunted 'em for a long time, nearly all across America, getting word of 'em here and there, but never coming up with them, till at last I got to New York. They had been there to § ether, and Mordaunt had sailed to England a ay or two before alojje. I went all over the city looking for Jess, and at last I found her. She was in the hospital, for she'd been fever struck, and he'd took advantage of it to run away and leave her to die, or to starve, or to go upon the streets. I'd meant to kill her, even when I heard she was in the hospital; I went there with murder in my heart, and my knife was open in my pocket when the doctor took me to her bed. But oh, lass, when I saw her poor white face, with the mark of death on it,, plain for a child to read, my heart broke andT'fell crying by the bedside. For I loved her in spite of all. : ? Barbara took his hand and kissed it,- and wept upon it in a helpless passion of pity. '?She died," Jake continued. "Thank God, she died in my arms and knew as I'd forgiven her. I was raving mad for days after and knew nothing as happened. When my brain cleared I was standing by her grave, and there, with the rain beating, down on me like my; own. heart's blood, I swore to find the man as had done it all-as had lulled her and ruined my life." ... "And did you find,him?" asked Barbara, ' involuntarily shrinking from the bed, though . she still clung to Jake's hand. \- "No," said Jake, "or I wouldn't be raving here like an old hen-wife as has lost half-a dozen ch ickens. If I'd found him I'd be quiet, lying in the grave with Jess. That's what's brought me here. That's what's kept me alivo through the fever, arid the trouble, and the hunger. It's fed my mouth like bread, the thought of meeting Mm face to face. It's all I ask of God Almighty, just to let me stand be fore that man for one minute;" The simple peasant woman had never seen passion like to this. It frightened her to sileiK^ Then she began to stammer religious comfnonplaces about the wickedness of revenge. Jake lay staring at the ceiling jand made no answer; it was doubtful if he heard her. "I'm tired, lass," he said quietly, a minute after her voice had ceased; "leave me to my self-I'll sleep a while.": 