novelist. The Rajah's Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA- By FREDERICK M. DEV. CHAP IKE I. A stiuxub ExrtnixxcE. It ms just ten o'clock on the night of Novem- <er 30, 1S7 — , when I arrived at the front door of the old Cogswell mansion — a night when the most i "lardy and venturesome wouli only apprar oat of J joors on errands of the utmost necessity. The find was blowing a gale, laden with infinitesimal paniues 01 rszor-eagea sieet, wnicu oitc-n arerr blood on my face as I toiled through the darkness against the fierce and violent tempest. I was more than glad when I closed the great oaken door behind me, and for the first time since 1 had been its inhabitant, the old Ccgiwell man sion seemed cheerful ; for before going out tbat evening T had built a fire of huge logs in the mas sive fireplace of the great hall, placing the screen carefully before it for safety, and as I shut out the roaring, hurtling, venomous wind upon regaining the house, the welcome blaze sent a thrill of warmth through my half-frozen body, and the flickering, eddying shadows creeping and dancing back and forth along the oaken wainscoting for a moment seemed like companions in the solitude of that great house of which I was the sole inhabi tant. Quickly divesting my self of my outer garments, lighting a long-stemmed pipe, and placing my slippered feet where they could feel the warmth of the ruddy blaze, I sank listlessly back upon tbe cushion of a reclining chair, and gave invsclf up reflection. I bad a great deal to think about that night, and sleep was never farther from my eyes and senses, for I had just met with a disappointment Which fell like a crushing blow upon my ambitious hopes, blotting out the sun of my future, tearing ruthlessly down my 4 airy castle in Spain, and filling my pathway to happiness, which I had thought so clear and unobstructed, with impass able rocks, debris, and driftwood. In short, I liad gone uui in me cariy evening J uuol me and nope, flushed with succiss and prospectively a rich man, and I had returned laden with despair, cast down by a weight of circumstance through which I could aee no vista of light- Though not at all subject to nervousness I yet had so unexpectedly thrust myself upon a scene of horror in my journey that night that even as I leaned back in my chimney corner, putting clouds of smoke over my head — See picture No. 1 — I could see the agonised features of old Aaron Prime as I had seen them but an hour before, with the ugly blue hole in his forehead where the bullet had entered, lying upon his back in the office of his mill, dead. 1 had gone there to keep an appointment — to secure Aaron Primes signature to a paper which was, atthatmomuit, reposing in the pocket of my greatcoat worthless, while but a few hours before it had seemed so valuable to me. I, John Douglass, had bsen, at the age of thirty- one — one year before — made theboirand sole exe cutor of all tbe earthly eEtate which Eeuhen Cogs well had left behind him at his death. That all was not much, so far as apparent or negotiable property was concerned, for it consisted of only two things — tlie old mansion, which stood at the edge < f a deep wood, a little over a mile from Aaron Prime's mill, and three acres of ground with it, two of which were swamp, and therefore worthless — and a request. No. 1 — ' 1 leaned back ininy chimney corner, puf fing clouds of smoke over my bead.' I had immediately taken up my abode in the ghostly old house, which had held a strange in terest forme ever since I had played around it as a bo\, and as 1 possessed a small income, just suf ficient for mv absolute needs. I would have cone smoothly and evenly on through life, devoting my time to tbe philosoplrcal studies of which 1 was passionately fond, had it not been for tbe request. It was that which had led me out of the even tenor and methodical habits of my 1 fe. conceiving in me a thirsty ambition to attain the great wealth it promised. At first I had gone about my task as the simple fulfilment of a duty imposed upon me, but as obstacles, one after another, arose in my path, ex citing my perseverance and energy, I had dreamed abont it when alone, until I had made my airy castles not only inhabitable, but in a measure necessary to my existence. The request, which bad made such a radical change in my whole nature, w as simple enough in itself; hat by reason of many unseen obstacles, exceedingly complex in its attainment. Briefly, it was as follows : ' I particularly and especially request that the eaid John Douglass, my heir and sole executor hereunder, will secure the signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley — both townsmen of mine — to the document which he will find in a yellow envelope in my desk, addressed to him, the nature of which is fully explained by the several papers in the package with said envelope, all of which are : tied with red-tape, and are in tlie upper right- hand corner pigeon-hole of said desk.' Simple enough 1 I felt that I had but to search for the papers, post myself thoroughly as to their contents, and then place the document before the two men to secure their signature to it, and I little foresaw the surprise and lanour that were before me. The surprise came when I read the several papers, hut a week after Reuben Cogswell's death. Among them I found one in the old man's hand writing, giving me a history of the case, and as I lead my eyes opened iu wonder. It told me, methodically and in great detail, the strange and complex story of his life, wild and weird enough to excite the incredulity ci tbe most easily impressed. He was a very old man when he passed away, and aged men in the neighbourhood said that he had been old when he came among them nearly fifty years before and purchased the place after known by his name, where he lived the life of a hermit, rec< iving no one but myself into the shadowy mysteries of liis house. To me he had, in my early boyhood, taken a lasting fancy, and I used to sit with him hours at a time, imbibing depths of knowledge and philosophy such asl could not procure elsewhere; and when he died everything he possessed was left to me. Tec story of which i became possessed, upon f ' reading the papers, told briefly, was as fol- J lows : I In early life Ee„ben Cogswell had been a fol- ' lower of tbe sea, and from the forecastle had risen to the cabin. Still advancing, he had become tbe owner first of the ship he commanded end then of others, until at last they grew into a fleet of traders, which annually brought him iu a magni ficent income. Trading mostly with the Eastern countries, he had many times visited them, establishing branch houses in different places, and thus spend ing much of liis time abroad. Occasionally he took a lo rg trip into the inte rior, pureashing articles for export to his native land, and npon one of those excursions, when in the heart of India, he had met with a strange ex perience which bad turned tbe smooth and even course of bis life into a rocky and precipitous channel which had finally ended in a solitary dta'.U. Being entertained overnight by one of the rich and powerful lit jabs, be had by the merest acci dent met and spoken with one of his daughters, a beautiful girl, with great, dark, languid eyes and soft white skin, just tingc-i with the olive of the South. He immediately created an excuae for lingering longer in the palace of the Rajah, seeking only an opportunity of speaking with the beautiful crea tare again. It came, and many thereafter, for the girl had fully reciprocated his fancy, and one night, having bribe! some of the servants to assist them, they escaped from tlie palace and fled to gether to the coast, where they were soon cm harked in one of his many vessels, sailing as fast as the wind conld drive them for America. The wedding took place aboard the ship, the witnesses being Aaron Prime, then master of the vessil th y were on, and Jacob Hurley, the mate. For two years all went well with the happy couple, and they lived a life of calm content. A daughter had been born to them and reached tbe age of one year, when Cogswell, for the first time since his mariiagc, was compelled, through bust ness matters, to absent himself from liis Boston home for awhile, but when, on departing, he bade his wife and child good-bye, it was for the last time, for he never saw them again in his pleasant home. He had been absent a week when, on returning. ill; IUUI1U lire IHIUK auwigci, j .. .1.1 . xj.u.-,.. servant brought with them from the Rajah's do main had disappeared. Filled with dismay, he had dashed through tlie rooms to his wife's apartments to find them vacant. Nothing was disturbed ; not a sign of a struggle or commotion was apparent in the room, or indeed in the house. Everything was in the most perfect order, and yet his wife and child were gone. They had mysteriously disappeared. Skilled detectives were engaged, and every known expedient for tracing the lost ones wns re sorted to without success. Nj enc had seen strangers about the place ; no one had seen the people of the house depart from it. At length he gave up in despair, abandoning all hope of ever recovering liis loved ones ; but one night, as he sat brooding over bis troubles, tlie glass in the window near him crABlied inward, and a hand and arm were thrust through the opening In tbe hand was a folded slip of pany, which he grasped as it fell fluttering towards the floor. It read ; 4 Your wife is wish her father, the Rajah, where you are also commanded to go. Her life and that of yonr child depends upon your speedy obe dience.' Cogswell did not hesitate, for on the following morning he sailed for India, and -without dolay jireseuted himself at tho palace of the Ba. jab. Immediately on his arrival he was seized by the Indian servants, and without ceremony placed in a room divided in half by a double iron grating, the other half being occupied by bis wife. Thus they were again in full view of each other, enabled to converse, but so far apart that it was impossible for one to touch the other. The poor mother knew nothing of the child since she had arrived in her father's palace, whither she had been brought by his emissaries sent out from India. It soon b:came evident that they were placed there to starve in sight of each other, for as day after day went without food being brought to them they began to grow weaker, and they were forced to realise what was in store for them. Either might have borne the terrible suffering better alone, but to be compelled to witness the agony of one whom we love tears the heart-string in twain. There for many days they lingered on -with not a soul coming near them to whom they might pray for food. On the fifth day the beautiful yo ing wife ex pired. Not once during tho long hours of agony had she complained : not once had she rcsretted the act which had brought her fate upon her. Through the whale of her sufferings she had borne up, and at last she died with words of love mingled with the name of her husband upon her lips. Who shall describe the tortures be endured as he saw her grow hourly weaker and weaker before liis eyos.finally fading away as the lily fades when blighted by the bitter frost ? He, too, longed to die, but the hard training he had received when a lad had made him so hardy and strong that he did not succumb as rapidly as his wife. She had been dead but a sbort time when the door on her side of the gratiog opened, and her body was borne away. He never saw it again. An hour later his own door was thrown ajar, and the Rajah, accompanied by a guard, entered the cell. 4 Yon may go now,4 he said, sternly ; 4 for as by stealing away my daughter you taught lie how to suffer, so have you now, throngb her, learned the same lesson. You would rather die this moment than have life regiven to you : but you must live that life that you may still suffer in remembrance of what your folly brough about. Go ; but remem ber this — your child shall never look upon your face again ; and if, through any accident, you are brought together, she shall die as her mother died. Go !' Cogswell, after a long illness, finally reached America again, when he speedily sold out his vast posscsseions, and secluded himself in tho old house which was now mine. AYith him he took Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley, placing the former in charge of a woollen mill, which every one supposed to be his own, the latter being established upon an immense stock farm, and bearing the reputation of being a very wealthy man. His reasons for thus providing for the two men who bad witnessed bis marriage I can oulv set down as a strange whim — the vagaries of a mind which in every other respect was well-bal anced and sound. Be that as it may, he had so established ihem, leaving the townsfolk to tbinlc them rich in their own right, and in return they had managed his affairs for him, making deposits, drawing his various interests, aud once every month coming secretly to his house in the night to render their accounts, leave with hiin what money he n.ijlit require, and hear his wishes regarding his affairs generally. It appeared from the manuscript I read that the uling influence in the old mau's life was his fear of the Sajaii, or the Rajah s descendants, every thing , even to his minutest affairs, being governed accordingly. Once, some twenty years before his death, he had found a letter upon his table which told him that his daughter had wedded with one one of her own race. The old Rajah was dead, bat his son and successor had sworn to carry out the wishes of his father, and he (Cogswell) was warned to remain in seclusion for the remainder of his life, aud after that he became more of a recluse than ever. It was then he conceived the idea which ulti mately whirled me into such a chaos of trouble and despair, to bo finally crowned with a happy- ncss which telly recompensed me. He cansed liis entire fortune to be made over to Aaron l'rime and Jacob Hurley, trustees, the na ture of the trust to be determined by the presenta- ti 'ii, after bis death, of a document creating a third trustee, whom he would during his life select, when the three were to unite their several i Sorts to discover if there existed aliueal descend ant of Cogswell's, to whom they were to make over one half the estate, tbe other half to be divided equally among them. The three trustees were to ag ee among themselves as to the best mods cf conducting the search, but if any one f tiled to carry ont the conditions of trust he was to forfeit his entire interest in the estate. About a week bffore his death the old man had added to his manuscript the particular request that I, John Douglass, whom he had loved and educated from early boyhood, would purchase from the other two trustees (for I was made the third one, all their interest in the matter ; and although he had created me the third trustee, he wished me to act alone and unaided in the matter, in ire particularly because IVime and Hurley were oldmen. Enclosed with the request was a letter to each of them, and a document properly and 1-gilly drawn for them to sign. He had always placed the utmost confidence in each of them, but he was shrewd enough to know that they had grown into a position where they could dtfy him if tlicy chose, so far as the pro perty in th'ir iram diate possession was con cerned, although they could draw none of the trust money without the signature of tiie third trus tee, to which he would append a certification by himself. Such certification he had prepared before his death, leaving a lis nk space in which I was to put my name. > It was a strancelv conplnmrrale irrtnsnetinn and yet so systematic had the old gentli man been that every ground was thoroughly covered, and_ with the exception of the property held personally by tbe two men, everything was perfectly straight and binding. He had evidently depended much upon tin ir cupidity to hold them constant to the trust created, and that he had not been amiss my efforts to bargain with them had proved. I had lost no time in placing the facts and docu ments before tlic-m. for we were enjoined particu" larly to conduct everything with the utmost secrecy, and had at first been met with a flat refusal to bargain at all. Finally they h id consented to sign the piper, provided I would pay them the amount they would have received if th -y carried out the trust to llie end, together with my own shire. Gradnslly they had been brought down by my importunities until the night of which I Fpeak, when they consented lo meet rue at nine o'clock at the oltiee iu Aaron Prime's mill, for the pu-poso of sig-iing the docu ment in consideration of one-quirter of the trust to them and their h-irs for ever, the property wliich they then controlled to become theirs, in fee, in addition. Fall of the prospect of speedily being putin pos session of the rest of ths trust, I had gone to meet them. Gone with my whole ambition to be gin the search at once foremost in my mind, feeling certain that if there existed a lineal descendentof Reuben Cogswell I could find him, or her — gone to find death, grim aud terrible, awaiting me on the part of one of them, and unquestionable guilt and flight on the part of the other. CHAPTER II. Alt ON ACCOUNT ABM; VISION. One murdered by the other, and that other flown,' I muttered, as I leaned back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through the terrible storm to the mill that night. I had gone there full of hope, elated with tlie certainty of success; but when I had opened Prime's office door I started back with a cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat npon his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullet-hole in his forehead. — See picture 2. Chairs were overturned — pipers were scattered abont the floor — confusion and signs of violence prevailed. I had bent over him, placing my hand upon his heart in the hope c f discovering some sign of life ; but although the body was still warm, life was utterly extinct. Upon the floor near the doorway was a hat, I picKeo it up ana toonea at it caret ally, and recog nised it as belonging to Jacob Hurley, noticing at No. 2. — ' Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat on his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullet- hole in his forehead.' the same time that there was a bullet-hole through its crown. Glancing hnrriedly around me, I realised if I should by chance be seen there I would be ac cused of tbe murder, and I went hastily out, at first intending to arouse the neighbourhood, and give what information I could regarding the crime. When I again reached the open air, however, all that man's death nieaut to me became obvious, and by a seeming paradox, the crime itself sank into insignificauce before the utter failure of my mission, and 1 hurried homeward through the driving sleet. As I sat by the fire tliinkiug, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alone. I know not why or liow, but the feeling came over me so strongly that I arose and looked about me among the flickering shadows made by the blazing logs in tbe fireplace. ' 1'sliaw !' I exclaimed, rc-seating myself. ' I am a dunce to allow the sight of a dead body to unn rveme. It can't be that cither,' mused I, 4 for I have not thought of it in that way since I first made the discovery.' I could rot, however, shake off the idea that I was not alone. I felt no fear, for, especially re garding the supernatural, I was nerveless ; bat every time I raised my eyes I half expected thev would behold some companion in my solitude, although, on the other hand, I knew positively that I was alme. As tho feelin forcible posses- sion of me, by a strange antithesis I experienced a drowsy sensation, and then I fell asleep. I say asleep, for that is the only way in which I can explain what transpired, for I most have dreamed. Before me stood the old man, as I had so often seen him, with his hack to the fire end bis hands behind him under his coat-tails — See picture No. 3 — and I arose mechanically and offired hiai my comfortable chair. 4 John,' said he, as he seated himself in my place, while I leaned my arm upon the mmtel over the fire, 4 Prime and Hurley have had a fight. 'Evidently,' I commented. 4 Well,' he continued in his usual abrupt way ' you will have to get their signatures to-night or not all, for by morning they will both be beyond signing anything." 4 Why,' I exclaimed, ' Prime is already dead and Hurley has flown.' Bosh, my boy, bosh ! They are both there now awaiting you, and wondering why you are so late. Come, start at once. I hare seen them, and they will sign.' Accustomed from childhood to obey him almost implicitly, I arose without delay, and, arranging myself in any storm clothing, once more set out through the bitter tempest towards the woollen mill. I was completely exhausted when I reached it, No — " B fore me stood the old man, as 1 had so oreen seen mm. with his back to the fire and his hands bahind him under his coat-tails.' and rested for a moment on the steps outside. Then entering I found the two men, as had been tatcd, awaiting mc. 1 You are late ruough, surely,' said P, ime ; and as I apologised, he took the document from mv hand, went to his desk, arid, seating himself, signed it. Hurley followed hU example, and 1 then passed over to them respectively the papers bearing my signature, which made the bargain complete, aud took my departure. IVlnle inside it had not once occurred to me to i look at the floor where, earlier in the evening, 1 had seen the dead liodv of Pi ime, but as I h-ft llie office I stooped aud peered back through tho window. What was my horror to see tlie room in pre cisely the same condition in which I had first discovered it that night, tlie murdered body of Aaron Prime lying upon the floor with the bine bullet-hole iu the forehead. Shocked beyond description, 1 hurried rapidly away .and in due course < f time once more reached the mansion. The old man met me at the door, his face radi ant with smiles. ' Got then ? lie asked ; and when I replied iu the affirmative, he said ; 4 Good ! Now I am going to sleep again. Dry yourself eff at the fire, here, and then yon bad better g:t some sleep also.' 4 Sleep 1' I must have instantly awakened instead, lor I suddenly became conscious of the fact that the fire had burned down considerably, and that I was standing before it in the vain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and dry the soaking gar ments which were upon me. Seizing the tongs I poked the fire vigorously for a moment, throwing fresh wood npon it, and soon I had a warm and cheering blaze again. I was dazed by the inexplicable circumstances grouped before me. 4 It must have been a dream,' I said aloud ; ' and yet how came those wet clothes upon me ? Where did I get the mud upon my boots? ' My recollection of what had passsed was as perfect as I have described it, and was so vivid that it seemed a part of the regular occurrences of the evening, notwithstanding the fact of the sudden realisation of my surroundings which had come over me as I stood by tlie fire. 4 Bab 3' I cried, in disgust. "I ana growing nervous. The experiences ol to-night have worked upon my mind, and I have not only dreamed, but I hive walked in mv sleep.' Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipe, and after due preparation again threw myself into the easy chair before the fire, when it suddenly oc curred to me to look at my watch. It was nearly two o'clock-. Startled by the lapse of time, and the length of my unquiet nap, I arose and crossed to the peg whereon my greatcoat was banging. 4 1 will settle this thing here and now 1' I mut tered, pulling the packag from the pocket and re turning to my chair at the fire. 4 The papers will prove that I have had a nightmare.' With a quick movement I undid tlie string which bound the package together, and selecting the all- important document, spread it open before mc on my knees. Uttering a. star tied cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering tho many papers broadcast about on the floor, for there before me on the white page, plainly aud legibly, were the well-known signatures of Aavon l'rime and J icob Hurley. I trembled with exciteme.it. For the first time in my life I knew what it meant to be afraid ! The room seemed filled with uncanny shapes fluttering abont iu shrouds and blood-stained gar ments. There stood the signatures before me, plain aud incontrovertible in their authenticity, in the face of the fact that when I had gone at nine o'clock to get them one of the men was already dead and the other had disappeared. Suddenly I began wildly gathering the scattered papers together which had fallen upon the floor, looking through them in search of those I was to have given up to the two men in exchange f or their signatures. They wete nowhere to he found. Long and eagerly I searched, but without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that they were not there. Where, then, were they ? Had I indeed met those two men when I went forth the scond time ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron l'rims to be dead V Could it be that I had not seen aright, or were they both dead, aud had I met and bargained with their ghosts ? Or was it some fantastic bewilderment of dreamland, wliicb, following the Shakspeariau theory of 4 dreams are result of a foregone conclu sion,' had shaped my sleeping thoughts some what into the form of what I had been thinking while awake ? But, no 3 my eyes had certamly not been closed in sleep. I tore my hair in perplexity, for I could not rea son the occurrences out into any logical se qu'nce. Jlj 1 To iik CoN'i'ixiiD.j 