THE APOCRYPHA. From the Canon of Scripture — that is, the books alleged to have been dictated under Divine inspiration, all the Reformed Churches exclude those which are termed the Apocrypha. The Church of Rome, for the first time, in the month of April, 1546, by a decree of a so-called General Council, included those books as part of the Inspired Canon, placing them on the same footing as the " Jewish list or Canon of Scripture," , which excludes the Apocrypha. " Such are the books of Tobias, Judith, Esther, Wisdom, Ecclesiasticus (or the son of Sirach), the Prophecy of Baruch, and the two first Books of the Maccabees. These books, though not registered in the Jewish Canon, were nevertheless held by many Fathers of the early centuries as canonical, and forming a part of the deposit of revealed truths entrusted to the Church." And for this hold statement the only authorities cited are a Provincial Council held in Africa, A.D. 393, which is said to have received the sanction of the illustri ous Augustine, Bishop of Hippo, and the Provincial Council of Florence (1439). But although held " by many Fathers," not one is named. When a witness is called upon to give evidence in a court of justice, he is re quired not only to tell the truth — but the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We have an axiom in law, " suppressio veri suggestio falsi." And here I may be permitted to quote the words of a recent Lord Chancellor when giving judgment in a celebrated case. Referring to some evidence adduced he said : " The objec tion is not that it does not state the truth but that it conceals most material facts, the very concealment of - which gives to the truth the character of falsehood." As a fact, these apocryphal books were rejected from the sacred canon either in express words, or indirectly by a list ex- eluding them with more or less perfect completeness, by a regular succession of divines from the second century to the sixteenth. The, Apocryphal books were rejected— In the second century by Meiito, Bishop of Sardis. In the third, by Origen. In the fourth, by Eusebius, Bishop of Cæsarea. By the " Saints " Athanasias, Hilary, Cyril of Jerusalem, Cyprian, and Gregory Nazianzen ; and by Amphil- ochius. By the Bishops, assembled at the Council of Laodicea, ' confirmed by the General Council of Chalcedon, and by the Sixth , General Council in Trullo, and therefore binding on the Church of Rome. With regard to the Council of Laodicea, the book of Baruch and epistles of Jeremiah are . found in some copies, mainly in those of Gentian and- Hervet ; but in the Latin copies previous to these dates these books have no place. Neither Aristenus nor Carranza have them in their transcript. And as to Carranza Summa Concilibrum, see Paris edition (1677), p. 740. ' And as to the sixth General Council, I refer you to Binius. Concil. Laod. p. 305, tom, i. Paris (1636.) In the fifth century we have " Saints " Jerome, Epiphanius, and Augustine. Of Jerome and Augustine I shall have more to say. In the sixth, Junilius (an African bishop), and some add "Saint " Isidore, Bishop of Seville. In the seventh century ; we have a no less authority than your infallible Pope Gregory the Great himself. Even the Vatican edition (Rome, 1608, tom. ii. p. 899) of Gregory's works testifies that he rejected the Apocrypha" from the Sacred Canon. In the eighth we have " Saint " John Damascene, and the Abbot Alcuinus. In the ninth, Nicephorus, Patriarch of Constantinople, and the " Ordinary Gloss " begun by Alcuin or Strabus, and enlarged by divers writers. In the tenth, the monk " of Flaix " (Flaviacensis), . and Ælfric, Abbot of Malmesbury. In the eleventh, Peter, Abbot of Clugni. In the twelfth, Hugo de Sancto Victore, Micardus de Sancto Victore Rupert, Abbot of Deutz, the author of the Gloss upon Gratian, and the English translation of the Bible of this date in the University of Oxford. In the thirteenth, Hugo Cardinalis and " Saint " Bonaventure. In the fourteenth, Richard Fitz Ralph, Archbishop of -Armagh and Primate of Ireland ; Nicholas.de Lyra, and Wycliffe. In the fifteenth, Alphonsus Tostatus, Thomas Waldensis, and Dionysius Carthusianus. In the sixteenth we have; the i famous Cardinal Cajetan. All these who flourished and wrote previous to the passing of the fatal Trent decree (which placed the Apocrypha on the same level, as to divine inspiration, with the other books of the Old Testa ment), rejected the Apocrypha from the sacred canon of Scripture. And indeed the Trent doctors were not agreed on the subject when it came under discussion. Courayer, in his Histoire du Conseil de Trent (Hb. ii. s. 58), says that " not only the heretics, but the Catholics, and, what was worse, Cardinals themselves, called in question the canonical authority of some books of the Old and New Testaments received by the Council of Carthage," Ac. Nav. further, the very Prefaces of (the so-called) Jerome's Vulgate, which was accepted by the Trent Council as authentic, clearly rejected the Apocrypha, the condemnatory " Preface's " being subsequently shuffled oat. When the subject was submitted for discussion at the Trent Council, the Fathers behaved so clamorously — for opinions were divided — that it was necessary to give their votes one by one, and to number them as they were received. Cardinal Cajetan wrote a commentary on the Historical Books of the Old Testament, which he dedicated to Pope Clemen VII. This book appeared only twelve years before the meeting of the Trent Council. In the dedicatory epistle the Cardinal adopts Jerome's rule relating to the broad distinction made by the latter between the Canonical books, properly so-called, and the Apocryphal. His words are : — " Most blessed Father, the Universal Latin Ghnrch is most deeply indebted to S. Jerome, not only on acconnt of his annotations on the Scripture, but also because he distinguished the Oannonical books from the un-canonical, inasmuch as he thereby freed us from the Hebrews, who otherwise might say that we were forcing for ourselves books, or parts of books, belonging to tbe ancient canons, which they never received." Jerome most distinctly adhered to the books constituting the Jewish Canon, and expressly rejected the Apocrypha by name, a fact admitted by Cardinal Bellarmine himself. Thus Cardinal Cajetan sums up. " Here we end our commentaries on the Historical Books of the Old Testament; for the remainder, viz., Judith, Tobit, and the Book of Maccabees are not included by Jerome among the canonical books, but are placed, along with Wisdom and Ecclesiasticus, among the Apochryphal. — Do not be uneasy, tryo, if you should any where find those Apocryphal books enumerated among the canonical, either by holy conncils or by holy doctors, for the words both of councils and of doctors must be reduced to the judgement of Jerome ; and, according to bis decision, these books, and if there are any others like them in the canons of the Bible, are not canonical — that is to say, do not contain rules for confirming Articles of Faith ; they may, however, be called canonical, as containing rules for the edifica- tion of the faithful, inasmuch as they have been admitted into this canon of the Bible, and authorised for this purpose. With this distinction, you will be able to discern the meaning of the words of Augustine (de Doctr. Christ, lib. ii.), as also the decrees of the Councils of Florence, under Eugenius IV. (a.d. 1439), and of the Provincial Conncils of Carthage and Laodicea, and of Popes Innocent and Gelasius." It is certain that Augustine did exclude these books from the Sacred Canon. Now mark the excuse of tbe astute Jesuit Bellarmine. He says : — " Augustine was most certain that all Canonical books were of infallible truth ; but was not alike certain that all the books of Scripture were Canonical ; for if he did think so, yet he knew the point was not as yet de fined by a General Council ; and therefore, without any stain of heresy, some books might be received by some perons as Apo cryphal." "Where was the Infallible Church, the alleged custodian of Holy Writ, all this time ? Was Tradition at fault ? Where was then their boasted Tradition ? With regard to the so-called decree of the Council of Carthage, their own Ecclesiastical Historian, Du Pin, tells us that the Council mereiy proposed this list, and that, other Churches were to be consulted for its confirmation. Even Bellarmine himself rejected the authority of this Council on another subject. He said : — " This Primeval Council cannot bind the Bishop of Rome, nor the bishops of other Councils." One of the leading fallacies attempted to be passed off on us, is that we are indebted to the Roman Church for the authority and canon of Scripture. If the Roman Church had never existed we should have had, at the present day, the same sacred Canon. The Roman Church did not legislate on the subject until 1546, at the Trent Council. She then egregiously blundered and legislated contrary to the Tradition of her own Church ; and, further, the Vatican Council of 1870 tells us that the Old and New Testament are " held as sacred and canonical, not because they have been approved by the Church's authority, but because, having been written by tbe inspiration of the Holy Ghost, they have God for their author, and have delivered them as such to the Church herself." (Sess. iii. c. 2.) And the very first Roman, of whom we have any record, who has furnished a list of the Sacred Canon, was Jerome of the fifth century, but he bears emphatic testimony against the present Roman Canon ; and Jerome's list was confirmed by Pope Gregory I. in the, seventh century. Again we are often reminded— and this is a favourite device — that in the early days doubts were raised as to the authenticity of some of the books of the New Testament. If that be so, how comes it to pass that the Roman Church, which claims to have been the custodian of sacred Scripture, and infallible in all that relates to matters of faith— that she, in her infallible wisdom, did not at once solve the diffi culty ? Not only was the Roman Church silent on the subject, but she cannot pro duce one single authority in her com munion who attempted to solve the difficulty before Jerome, whose judgment on the canon of Scripture is now re- pudiated. A great Elxbibition. — Sells BrotbeTs' enormous raeuagerie and athletic exhibition — the largest of its kind in America — opens an Anstrallan tour at Moore Park, on Monday next, remaining here three weeks. The press of tbe United Slates strongly compliments its high character and magnitude. For exampl-, tbe San Franoisoo Daily Post says ; — " They take with them an exhibition which really deserves the dignity of being classed as a firniiy- founded pnhlic institution, and is a magnifiosnt illustration of American progress and pluck. The admiration, respect and hearty good will of both press and people go with them and a most cordial welcome awaits their retnrn. We can and do unreservedly commend them to onr Anetralian neighbors as in every way full worthy of confidence and recognition, and the immense, elegant and honorahly conducted exhibition, wbich they advertise and manage in person, as the best of its kind." A -vrarning to Australians ! ! ! — The British American Citieen wslb been collecting information for the benefit of the people of Boston, U. S. A. which appears to justify its seathing reniarks respecting the want of public spirit displayed by the Pro testant inhabitauts of " the Huh of the Universe." It states thht nine-tenths of the city treasury money finds its way into the pockets of Boman Gatholics. Tbe latter pay five per cent, into the Treasury and take 90 per cent. oat. A list is given of over 100 Irishmen who are in receipt of salaries from the city, the paid salaries varying from 4500 dollarB to 1500 dollars, and altogether there are in the city departments 2000 Roman Catholic against 250 Protestant officials, whose stipends combined are fully 2,000,000 dollars a year. Dr. Jobu Mall on Ireland.— At tbe ijcotch- Irisb Cungues in Louisville, Kentnoky, last May, Btv. Dr. John Hall of New York said in the course of his address : " I shonld like to tell tiiose here who have some associations or memories with Ulster that I never saw tbe pruvince present such a look of prosperity as it did last year. It is only one of the lour provinces, hat it pays 46 percent, of tbe taxes of Ireland. The linen industry has raised this province to its pre sent condition. "We have been told many times of tbe wretched, tniserahle, starving condition of the Irish people as a whole. 1 am hound to say that my ohservationB and careful statement of facts will not hear out the justice of these imprepsious. There has never been so mush money deposited in tbe savings banks of Ireland as dnring the past year ; there was never so much money in ciroulation in legitimate ways among the people. I am sorry to say that the amount expended in drink, notwithtnnding all ve hear of the poverty of the Irish people, is as large as in former years, if not larger, bnt in industry and widespread eduoation Ireland, I believe, never stood in a better poaition than she does to-day." Sabbatb Desecrated.— A great crowd of Boman Uaibulics assembled at ronkers. New York, one Sunday in May last at the laying of the corner stone of a new seminary for priests by Archbishop Corrigan. It was estimated that ahoui 50,000 persons attended the oeremony. Tne priests and politioians and saloon- keeperB who were pre- seiit in large numbers took up the collections, and .' the fasts and baskets were filled with moiiey. The Sabbath was desecrated but Borne displayed her power. Defieated — The 'Vioar of With am, Essex, iiivited eobscriptions to a memorial of deceased vicar, to take the form of an old screen' destroyed at the Reformation. The drawings gave no intimation of objectionable featnres, bnt when all wis reedy « big brass cross came from somewhere or other — per haps, like Jnpiter's image, it fell down from heaven. Anyhow, the BubBcrfbeTs determined to send it back arain, and down it bad to come. Why do not (he professors of religion keep faith 'with the laity? This trickery ruins the Chnrcb. A Bad Cbaracter. — ' Adelaide," says a writer in the Banner, "is one of the most Cathclic dioceses in Australia. Nearly all the city and snburban churches posseBs the legs! ornaments ind have at least a weekly celebration of the Blessed Sacrament. At three or four linen vestments are in use. The mixed chalice and unleavened bread are quite commcnj whilat at Ohrist Church, Kapunda, on ChristmaB Day, the midday Mass was all that could be desired Five of the six points were in use, viz.. Eastward position, mixed chalice, unleavened bread, altar lights and coloured veatmentB." \- Brotliers and Bottlers.— The Brotherhood movement has made a com mencement in the Diorese of London, under the fostering care of Bishop Temple, who, "for the glory of God and salvation of souls," tells grown men when to get up and go to bed, when to eat, drink, pray, and work. All this child's play is done in the name of religion, and being under episcopal authorization, the unthinking laity may be led astray to imagine that other and infinitely better efforts are improper, because un-epis- copally authorised. The question of what constitutes " authority " is an important one, and should it not emanate from Synod only, in the oonatitution of which the laity have their riehtful part. Guilds. — Laymen, beware of Church guilds, for, und" r the guise of authority, thoy permeate the Ctinrcb,and are generally worked in the interests of ibe priest party. The danger to the nntbinkiug laity lies in the fact that nnder the guise of a bigb-sonnding title, and authorised by bishops and clergy, the organisation must necessarily be loyal to God's Truth and the Church of England. It would he, in nearly all cases; infinitely better to have nothing to do 'with Chnrch Guilds. Cbinese missionary Work.— A_ remarkable manitesto on the snbject of missionary work in Obina has just been pub lished in English, in Shanghai, by an educa ted Chinese, entitbd " Defensio Populi ad Populos," in which he argues that missions, whether regarded as intended to promote moraP elevation, intdlectual enlightenment, or works of charity, are an utter failure, and demanding that in the interests of peace and of a good nnderstanding between China and the 'Western Powers, the missioDaries should be mthdrawn, or their position and methods modified. The pamphlet is written with a good deal of skill, and will he likely to pro duce" a-certBin impression on those who do not carefo anal se its arguments, or who are unacquainted with the aitaal facts. It pro nounces, dor instances, the moral failure of missions,: because i.-one of the better-ednoated and nobler types of men have been won, the converts been always of the .lowest class. Precisely.the samH argument might have.been need against Christianity on its first appear ance .in . Asia and Europe. Missiona do not either,, we are told, further the cause of mtellectual enlightenment, for educated Europeana do not tbemei'lves believe what the' misstoDaries teach. The writer might as well argne that the Church has no Tight to misaioniBe because the morale of many edncated Europeans are not according to its standard. He declares, further, that from the charitable standpoint, their work hae been really a great loss to China for, thongh good may have been done in this way to individual ChinanBen, yet the Bums paid by the Government for indemnities for outrages and for protection of missionaries largely ontweighs it. This is ingenions certainly. The very dangers (bat misBionaries run are here used as an argument against them. When the pateions of the mob have been Tonsed by rnmonrs to the effect . that the mlBsionarics kidnap and murder children in order to use them in their sacred rites — the very charge, by the way, which was brought against the early Christians — and tnmnlts, attended with robbery and murder, have broken out, the victims are here declared to bs the real disturbers of the peace. What the manifesto really proves is that the old order of things is b' ing shaken in China by the new force, and that those intereeted in its Maintenance are angry in consequence. What missionaries are really doing in China, and the stuff they are made of, are well ffiostrated by the biography just published of Kenneth Mackenzie, medical missionary, which ,we commeiid to our readers. Mis sionary work in every land has had to con- tend against reusoning familiar to that of this singular pamphlet. If that work depended on calculatioDB of the kind which actuate politi cal or commerciHl movements, it would never be entered on at ail. Its motives, its stimu lus, ,and its rewards come from another sphere, and appeal only to the noblest souls ; nut in the end ihe world recognises their value, and caudnises their memory. n' " meeting of the uatbolic Young Men's Hociities a paper which was read by the Rev. Austin Powell, of irchley, has sortly fluttered the- "Vatican dovecotes. The Romuniai journals speak of It as "a remarkable paper," and it is to be /' printed in full and circulated amongst the members of the sooieties. In brief, the poeition which Mr. Powell set himself to' prove was that "never since the acceBsion to the throne' of the abandoned, profligate Elizabeth had the proapeots of the Church been darker thsn at present." It is not snrprising that the published reports of such a meagre, and minus most of the evidence which the reader produced. Bome loves to dazzle the outside world, but is careful to conceal the seamy side. Mr. Powell calculates the number of Roman Catholics in England to be 1,400,000, or something less than five per cent, of the entire populatioD. To have kept up with the general growth of popniation they ought during the last ten years to have added about 175,000 to their numbers ; but, instead of this, he affirmed, " Ihe melancholy truth was that In many parts , of England the numbers were on a decrease." He quoted figures, which have not been reported in any journal I have seen, ebowing this wss true of Liverpool. Salford, Newcastle, Leeds, and WestminBtsr— - under the veiy nose of Cardinal Manning, and within the ehadow of Brompton Oratory. At St. Helens " a priest had told him that he believed at ens time at least one house in every three was occupied by families formerly Catholic ... but who had been lost to the Church _ through apostacy." Though the population of London has increased by abont ft million in the laat twenty years, "the number of Catholics publicly baptised had only increased eleven annntilly." In fact, Liverpool, according to Bev, Mr. Powell, is the only dioceee where there is an actual inoreaee of Romanists. That is trnly very sad ! I ! Of Scotland he used very remark able words — " Families had gone over whole sale" to the Presbyterian Chnrcb," He attributed the decrease in England chiefly to " apostacy, and the reluctance of young men to marry." Of course, once Mr. Powell's fignTes and facts are known, they will bo subjected to a keen analysis. Meantime the paper clearly made a profound and unpleasant impression on the conference, for a resolution was passed regretting 't to learn the unfavour able state of matters revealed by the paper j net read by Rev. Mr. Powell." It all amounts to this, that Vaticanism is utterly alien to the genius and character of the Anglo Saxon race. Xke Consumption of Tea and Coffee— There ' as been a sabs'an- tial increase: in the consumption of toa and coffee. As a' contrast to the substantial increase in the coDsnroption of tea in the United "Kingdoth, it is intereEting 'to cnrapare it with that of coffee; which in 1864 was about 14,000 tons, and the average, price in bond 748 per cwt., with a duty of 288, making 102s per cwt. ; in 1873, when the duty was 14s, the price in bond had risen to 105b per cwt., and the consnmption had onl'reaohed 14,443 tons ; while last year the average price was, singularly, the same as in' 1873— viz:, 1058, and the duty 14a, or a total of 119h per cwt., but the consumption had declined to 12,810 tons. It is a -well-known. fact that a pound of tea will make a larger nuraber of cups to drink than the same weight of coffee," and, taking into conBideration the loss in weight which coffee sustains in the process of roasting, it will be seen that tea is now'much the cheaper commodity. The imperfect man ner in which the coffee is generally made in this country helps to retard consnmption, for in Holland, where it is almost the national beverage, it is roasted, ground, and made within a few minutes, in order that the aroma may be retained. In England it is roasted, and often ground, for weeks before it is required, and instead of being made by simply passing boiling water through the coffee, it is practically stewed, and undesirable elements are_ extracted which really spoil the liquor. This decoction is met with at railway stations, and travellers are led to entertain a dislike to B drink which, on the Oontinent, where pro perly made, is so generally used and appre ciated. Although the price of tea cannot he reduced in the same proportion as during the past twenty-five or thirty years, there is still ' room for a reduction or abolition of the fourpenny duty ; and while we do not advo cate this at present, we know there is strong pressure brought to bear upon the Ohancellor of the Exchequer every year by the advocates of the free breakfast table. When the- duty Is removed we shall be surprised if a further marked increase in the consumption does not take place. It is, therefore, highly desirable that grocers sbonld, by all means in their power, cultiuate a trade which, though not bearing the same proportion of profit as formerly, is atill likely to increase in quantity, and, notwithstanding the various forma com petition has taken, can- still be made to bear a very fair profit and yield a good retnrn to grocers who are in a position to know their customers' tastes better than growers in foreign countries, and others who only affect this knowledge. — Grocer. Ritualistic Intolerance. — At Kilbnrn, England, there is a so-called Orphan age of Meroy run by a sisterhood on extreme High Chnrch linos, and in this place a oate- chisin is used containing the following questions and answers : " Is it very dangerous to leave the Ohurch ? Yfs; and it is also a very grievous sin. Is it wrong to join in the worship of Dissenters ? Yes ; we shonld only attend places of worship in connection with the Ohurch of England." Comment is need less, It is'the narrow, intolerant, unchristian, and uncharitable spirit of Ritualism which it has adopted with other abominations from Popery, exhibited in such teaching, that moved the Ritualistic clergy in the Chnrch of England Synod in Sydney to oppose-so vin dictively the proposal for the Synod to express sympathy with the Rev. C. Spurgeon in his illness, and the hope that that gifted minister of the Gospel of Christ shnnld soon recover to resnme his work for the Kingdom of God. Tbe Opium TraflSc.— A crowded and entbnsiastio public meeting against the opinm traffic was held' in the IJdshi Hall, Poonah, on Tuesday, Sept. 1, Rao Bahadur Gopalrao Hari Deshmukh presiding. A deep interest was eustained for over two hours in the proceedings, and then the audience seemed prepared to remain much longer. Cn the motion of the Rev. J. E. Robinson, seconded by Mr. Chuntaman Narayan Bbat, a petition to the British Parliament, praying for the abolition of the opium traffic, was carried by acolamation. A resolution was also carried unanimonsly in favour of an appeal to tbe electors of Great Britain, in the following terms ; — " Dear Friends, — We oordialiy greet yon as onr fellow-anbjects. We have as sembled thie evening to consider the ever- increasing consnmption of opinm by our fellow-Bubjeots in India, and to raise our protest against a system which baa brought ruin to so many thousands in China, and whioh threatens to overwhelm our own oonntry— -the Indian Empire— nnlesa an abso lute stop is speedily put to the opium traffic in our land. We have bailed with joy and intense gratitude the resolutions passed by the House of Oommoue on April 10 last, whereby the system by which the Indian opinm revenue is raised was declared to be morally indefensible. We trust- that yon— the electors of Great Britain and Ireland — will not allow the matter to atop here, but will so use your influence that the flood of misery, whioh every year beoomee more appalling, may be quickly stemmed, that it overwhelm not the whole land." Tbe IfUw as to CouventSi- The Law Journal gives a summary of the famous oonvent case of Sunrin v; Star, in which Miss Susanna Mary Sanrin sued the defendante, Mrs. Star, the Lady Superior, and Mrs. Ken nedy, one of the membere of a convent at Hull, for having conspired to proonre her expnlsion from the said convent, for aseault and false imprisonment, and for having libelled her to the Roman Oatholio " Bishop of Beverley." The trial lasted three weeks. Sir Alexander Cockbnrn enmmed np the case to the jury with hie acouBtomed power. His charge contains only one paeeage of distinctly legal interest — that in which he dealt with the conatitntion of the oonvent and the autho rity that the Lady Superior was entitled to exercise. "There are three vows entered into, bnt we have only to deal with two of them — poverty and obedience. What is the meeting of the vow of poverty ? It is the rennnolation of all rights of property, of all capacity for acquiring any, so that any whioh is acquired is for the benefit of the oommu- nity, and to be administered at the will of the Superior, so that what is done in the honest exercise of that authority cannot be com plained of. It is important, again, to observe the scope of that authority. The vow is that of -obedience to this unlimited extent, that the voice of the Superior is as the voice of God. A form more emphatic could not be used, nor, to my mind, one more ehocking ; thongh by that, as I. have already said, we must not allow onrsalves to be influenced.' But we have to consider the extent to which this authority can bo considered as legitimately going, and whatever is intended under it a Sister has sworn on all occasions to submit to. I take it to be clear that it must be reasonably exercised, and must be restrained within reasonable limits. There must be nothing contrary to the laws of God or man ; and, further, what is meant by obedience, is obedi ence to the rules or customs, whether written or traditional, established or exercised in the community. For instance, suppose it had occurred to the Superior that the disoipline of fiagellation would be salutary for the soul of Miss Saurin, and the Sister protested against it as contrary to the rules and oustoHis, and it was forcibly inflicted upon her, I do not doubt that an action would he maintainable for it. So here, if the Superior has committed an aesanlt, I ehonld hold it not within the scope of her authority. But as to other matters within the scope of her autho rity, there would he no legal cauae of com plaint, unless you thought that they were vexatiously committed." Touclilns: up old Relics— An Artist's Rill. — An artist employed in repairing the properties of an old Ohurch in Belginm, being refused payment in a Inrop, was asked for details, and sent in his bill as follows : — " Corrected the < Ten Command ments, 25f. ; embellished Pontius Pilate, and put a ribbon in his bonnet, 13f. 60c. ; pat a new tail on the rooster of St. Peter, and mended his comb, 13f. 25o. ; re-plumed and gilded the left wing of the Guardian Angel, 17f. 60c. ; washed the servant of the High Priest, and pat carmine on his ' cheek, 20f. ; renewed heaven, adjusted two stars and cleaned the moon, 33f. 75c. ; re-animated the fires of purgatory, and restored sonls, 14f. 25o. ; revived the flames of hell, put a new tail on the devil, mended his left hoof, did several jobs for the damned, 16f. 20. ; re-bordering the robe of Herod, and re-adjost- ing hia wig, 71. ; put new Bpatterdashes on the son of Tobias, and dressing on his sack, 9f. 60c. : cleaned the ears of Balaam's ass and shod him, 14f. 75c. ; put earrings in the ears of Sarah, 9f. 20c. ; put a new stone in David's sling, enlarged the head of Goliath, and extended his legs, 14f. 50o. ; decorated Noah's Ark, 13f. ; mended the shirt of the Prodigal Son, and cleaned his shoes, 20f. Total, 259f. 60o. St Bonaventure— Did St. Bona- venture compose the Psalter ascribed to him ? We think so, without doubt I Cue fact answers all objections. In 1844, the Psalter of Bonaventure was published' in Bome. The city was then wholly under Papal rule. No body of devotions could have appeared in his capital withont the Pontiff's knowledge and approbation. How, withont previous Papal sanction, oonld the Psalter have circnlated as a mannal in Europe? Impossible I St. Bonaventure, was beatified in 1742, and in 1746 by Benediet Xl'V. canonized. Maroni says that the procedure cost 27,000 ducats in gold. The saint wss laid nnder the altar of Mary Magdalene Ohnrch. Afterwards he was enshrined and bis bones wrought miracles. Now hear in the Psalter of Bonaventure what was approved by bis canonizing Pope ! The Seraphin doctor, in his Psalter has addressed to Mary every word addressed in his Psalms by David to God. The whole worship of God Bonaventure thus transfers to Mary. If, therefore, the Psalms of David give lairia to God,-the Paalter of Bonaventure gives 7afria to Mary. It would be Idolatry in an arch angel. And the worst is to come I As Bonaventure has ohanged David's Psalms so Bonaventure has changed the Lord's prayer! ' Our Lady who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name ? ' The same blasphemy alters the immmortal Te Deum whioh expressea the heart and faith of the Universal Ohuroh. With Bonaventure it begins,, ' Wo praise thee Oh Mary : we acknowledge thee to be the Lady ! ' Thus the worship of heaven and earth is turned from the Divine Son to the human mother. 