THE SOUTH SEAS. PART I.— THE MARQUESAS. BY R. L STEVENSON. Chapter I.— An Island Landfall For nearly 10 years my health had been declining ; and for some while before I set forth upon my voyage, I believed I was come to the afterpiece of life, and had only the nurso and undertaker to exneefc. It wnn rtimrmf/»i that t should - try the South Seas; and I was not unwilling to visit liko a ghost, and be carried like a hale, among sccnc3 that had attracted me in youth and health. I ohartcred accordingly Dr. Blorrit's schooner yacht, the Casco, 7+ tons register ; sailed from San Francisco towards tho end of June, 1888, visited the Eastern islands, and was loft early the next year at Honolulu. Hence, lacking courago to return to my old lifo of the lion30 and sick room, I sot forth to leeward in a trading schooner, the Equator, of a little over 70 tons, spent four months among the atolls of the Gilbert Group, and reached Samoa towards the close of 1889. By that time gratitude and habit were begin ning to attach me to the islands ; I had gained a competency of strength, 1 had made friends ; I had learned new interests ; the time of my yoyagos had passed like days in fairy land ; and X deotded to remain. X began to prepare these pages at sea, on a third cruise, in tho trading steamer Janet, Nicoll. If more days are granted me, thoy shall he passed whero I have found life most pleasant' and man most interesting ; tho axes of my blackboys are already clearing the foundations of my future house; and X must icarn to address readers from the uttermost parts of the sea. That I should thus have reversed the verdict of Lord Tennyson's hero is less eccentric than appears. Few men who come to the islands leave them ; they grow grey whero they alighted; the palm shades and the trade wind fans them till they die, perhaps cherishing to the last tho fancy of a visit home, which is rarely made, more rarely enjoyed, and yet more rarely repeated. No part of the world exerts the samo attractive power upon the visitor, and the task before me is to communicate to flresido travellers some sense of its seduction, and to describe the life, at sea and ashore, of many hundred thousand persons, some of our own blood and language, all our contemporaries, and yet as remote in thought and habit as Rob Roy or llarbarossa, the Apostles or the Ciesars. The first experience can never be repeated. The first lovo, the first sunrise, tho first South Sea Island are memories apart and touched a virginity of sense. On the 23th of July, 1838, the moon was an hour down by 4 in the morning. In the cast a radiating centre of brightness told of the day, aad beneath, on tlio skyline, tho morning bank was already building, black as ink. "We have all read of the swiftness of the day's coming and departure in low lati tudes ; it is a point on which the scientific and the sentimental tourist are at one, and has inspired some tasteful poetry. The period cer tainly varies with the season ; hut hero is one ease exactly noted. Although tho dawn was thus preparing by 4, the sun was'not up till 6 ; and it was half-past 5 beforo we could distinguish our expected islands from the clouds on tho horizon. Eight degrees south, and the day two hours a coming. Tho' interval was passed on deck in the silence of expectation, the customary thrill of landfall, heightened by the strangeness of the shores that we were tlieu approaching. Slowly they took Bhape in the attenuating darkness. Ua-hunn, piling up to a truncated summit, appeared the flr3t upon the starboard bow; almost abeam aroso our destination, Nuka-hiva, whelmed in oloud ; and betwixt and to the southward, the first rays of the sun displayed the needles of Ua-pu. Theso pricked about the line of the horizon ; like tho pinnacles of somo ornate and monstrous church, they stood there, in the sparkling brightness of the morning, the fit signboard of a world of wonders. Not one sonl aboard tho Casco had set foot upon the islands or knew, except by accident, one word of any of the island tongues ; and it was with something perhaps of the same anxious pteasare as thrilled the bosom of discoverers that wo drew uoar these problematic shores. The land heaved up in peaks and rising vales ; it fell in cliffs and buttresses ; its color ran through fifty modulations in a scale of pearl and rose and olive ; and it was crowned above by the opalescent clouds. The suffusion of vaguo hues deceived tho eye ; the shadows of clouds were coufouudod with the articulations of the mountain ; and the isle and its unsubstantial canopy rose and shimmered before us liko a single mass. There .was no beacon, no smoke of towns to, be expected, no plying pilot. Some where, in that pale phantasmagoria of cliff and ctond, our haven lay concealed ; and somewhere to the east of it— the only sea mark given— a certain headland, known indifferently as Cape Adam and Eve, or Cape Jack and Jane, and distinguished by two colossal figures, the gross statuary of nature. These we were to find — for these wo craved and stared, foenssed glasses and wrangled over charts ; and the sun was overhead, and the land close ahead before we found them. To a ship approaching, liko the Casco, from tho north, they proved indeed the least conspicuous features of a striking coast — tho surf Hying high above iU base ; strange, austere and feathered mountains rising'behind ; and Jack and Jane, or Adam and Eve, impend ing liko a pair of warts above the breakers. Thcnco we bore away along shore. On our port beam wo might hear the explosions of the surf ; a few birds How fishing under the prow ; there was no other sound or mark of life, whether of man or beast, in all that quarter of the island, "Winged by her own impotus and the dying breeze the Casco skimmed under cliffs, opened out a covo, showed ns a beaoli and some green trees, and flitted by again, bowing to the swell. The treos, from out distance, might have been hazel ; the beach might havo been in Europe; tho moun tain forms behind modelled in little from the Alps, and the forest which clustered on their ramparts a growth no more considerable than our Scottish heath. Again, the oliif yawned, but now with a deeper entry, and tho Casco, hauling her wind, began to siido into tho bay of Analio. The cocoa palm, that giratfo of vegetables, so graceful, so ungainly, to the European oyo so foreign, was to be seen crowding on the bcacb, and climbing and fringing tho steep sides of mountains. Rude and bare hills ombraced the inlofc upon either hand ; it was enclosed to the Iandwnrk by a bulk of shattered mountains. In every crevice of that barrier tho forest har bored, roasting and nestling -.hero like birds about a ruin; and far above, it greened and roughened tho razor of the summit. Undorthe eastern shore our schooner, now bereft of any breeze, continued to creep in — the smart creature, when once under way, appearing motive in herself. From close aboard arose the bleating of young lambs, a bird sang in tho hill-, side, the scent of the laud and of a hundred fruits or flowers flowed fortli to moot us ; and, presently, a house or two appeared, stauding high on the ankles of tho hills, and ono of these - surrounded with what seemed a garden. These conspicuous habitations, that patch of culture, had we but known it, were a mark of tho passago of whites ; and wo might have approached a hun dred islands and not found their parallel. It was longer ere wo spied the native village, standing (in the universal fashion) close upon a curve of beach, close under a grove of palms, tho sea iu front growling and whitening on a concave arc of reef. For the cocoa tree and the island man are both lovers and neighbors of the surf. "The coral waxes, tho palm grows, hut man departs," says the sad Taliitian . proverb ; but they are all three, so long as they endure, co-hunters of the beach. The mark of anchorage was a blow-hole in the rocks, near the south- easterly corner of the bay. Punctually to our use the blow-hole spouted, the schooner turned upon her heel, the anchor plunged. It was a small count, a great event ; my soul went down with these moorings whence no windlass may extract nor any diver fish it up, and I and some part of my ship's com pany were from that hour tlio bondslaves of the Isles of Vivien. Before yet the anchor plunged a canoe was already paddling from the hamlet. It contained two men— one white, one brown and tattooed across the face with bands of blue, both in im maculate white European clothes — the resident trader, Mr. Rogler ; and tlio native chief, Taipi-lCikiao. "Captain, is it permitted to come on hoard " were tho first words we hoard among the islands. Canoe followed canoe till tho ship swarmed with stal wart, six-foot men in every stage of undress ; some in a shirt, some in a loin cloth, one in a handkerohief imperfectly adjusted; some, and these the more considerable, tattooed from head to foot in awful patterns ; some barbarous and knived ; one, who sticks iu my memory as something bestial, squatting on his hams iu a canoe, sucking an orange and spitting it out again to alternate sides with ape like vivacity — all talking, and we could not understand one word ; all trying to trade with us who had no thought of trading; or offering us island curios at prices palpably absurd. There was no word of welcome ; no show of civility ; no hand extended save that of the chief and Mr. Iiegler. Aa we still continued to refuse the proffered articles, complaint ran high and rude: undone, the jester of the party, railed upon our meanness amid jeer ing laughter. Among other angry pleasantries — "Here is a mighty fine ship, "said lie, " to have no money on board !" I own I was inspired with sensible repugnance, even with alarm. The ship was manifestly in their power ; we had women on board ; I know nothing of my guests beyond the fact that they were cannibals. The Directory (my only guide) was full of timid cautions ; and as for the trader, whose presenco might else havo reassured me, were not whites in tho Pacific tho usual instigators and accomplices of native outrage ? When he reads this confession, our kind friend, Mr. Rogler, can afford to smile. Later in tho day, as I sat writing up my journal, the cabin was filled from end to end with Marquosaus ; three brown skinned genera tions, squatted cross logged upon the floor, and regarding me in silence with embarrassing eyes. The eyes of all Polynesians arc large, luminous, and melting ; they are like the eyes of animals, and some Italians. Tho Romans know that look, and had a word for it, occitli putrcs, they said— eyes rancid with expression. A kind of despair came over mo, to sit there helpless undor all those staring orbs, and be thns blocked in a corner of my cabin by tliis speccblcss crowd, and a kind of rage to think they wore beyond the rcaoh of articulate communication, liko fnrrod animals, or foikborn deaf, or tho dwellers of some alien planet. To cross the channel is, for a boy of 12, to iibangc heavens ; to cross the Atlantic, for a man of 24, is hardly to modify his diet. But I was now escaped out of tho shadow of the Roman empire, under whoso toppling monu ments we wore all cradled, who3e laws and letters are on every hand of ns constraining and preventing. I was now to see what men might be whose fathers had never studied Virgil, had never been conquered by Caesar, and never been ruled by the wisdom of Gnius or Papinian. By the same step I had journeyed forth out of that comfortable zone of kindred languages, where the curse of Babel is so easy to be remedied, and my new fellow creatures sat before me dumb like images. Methougkt, iu my travels, all human relation was to be excluded, and when I returned homo (for in those days I still projected my return) I should have but Uippuu luiua pivtuie uuua bivuuuvu tuxw »>ay, and I even questioned if ray travels should be ranch prolonged, perhaps they were destiued to a speedy end, perhaps my subsequent friend, Kauanoi, whom I remarked there sitting silent with the rest, for a man of some authority, might leap from his hams with an ear splitting signal, the ship be carried at a rush, and tho ship's company butchered for the table. There could bo nothing more natural than these apprehensions, nor anything more ground less. Id my experience of tho islands I had never again so menacing a reception. Were T to meet with such to-day I should be more alarmed, and tenfold more surprised. The majority of Polynesians are eaBy folk to get in touch witii, frank, fond of notice, greedy of tho least affec tion, like amiablo fawning doge ; and even with tho UarqucsanB, so recently and so imperfecta redeemed from a blood-boltercd barbarism, all wore to become our intimates, and one at least was to mourn sincerely our departure. Chatter If. — Making Friends. The impediment of tongues was one that I particularly over- estimated. The languages of Polynesia are easy to smatter, though hard to speak with elegance. And they are extremely similar, so that a person who has a tincture ot" ono or two may riBk, not without hope, an attempt upon tho others. The most odd and obvious variation is in the consonants. T and K, R and L, are interchanged in dif ferent dialects; so is tho group F, H, V or "WH, and the process by which the difference arose is still to bo observed in opcratiou. The islands are subject to epi demic tricks of speech, suoh as we are accus tomed to in Europe. It is not long since all fashionable France adopted tho burr, all fashionable England lisped, or all unfashion able Loudou sounded V for IV. In Europe, these epidemics come and go, so that already, in tho earlier novels of Bulwcr Lytton, their traces make us stare. In the islands, where all the world i3 " in society," and the whole population adopts at the same moment the same novelty, the consequence is more endur ing. In this way, within the last hail century, K has driven T out of Hawaii, and within the last few years the same deformation has involved the beautiful language of Samoa. T is now rarely sounded there except iu set orations ; and so much confusion reigns that 1 have heard a Samoan pastor say "Iiupu"and " Atua " in the same clause ot a prayer. The K is no new sound in tho Samoau language; it was once common. Fashion expelled, and now fashion reinstates it, liko exiles after an amnesty. And, once moro like the exiles, it returns to find its old seat occupied by others, and to fill new positions. The place of the old 1C, once so carefully ontruded, is still marked by the apostrophe or so-called catch j while the new K, uow so wantonly rcimported, usurps the part of T. It should be borne in mind that this latter fashion started after the language was already written and printed and assiduously read, and that it has been, and still is, steadily resisted by the mission, tho central educating body. How much more swiftly must similar whims and mimicries have defaced and divided the dialects of a bookless antiquity. And accordingly, when we look to Melanesia, we find the speech of tho samo island is infinitely bioken up. In tho small isle of Tana, Mr. F. A. Campbell counts no fewer than six languages ; and on New Cale donia I was assured there were not less than 50— the latter figure struck me with incredulity. M. Clnllet (who gave it me for a round number) im mediately called into the ofiicc one of his native ; assistants, asked the lad what languages he could understand and which he could not, and as each was named, showed mo its territory on tlie map. The boy spoke three ; he mentioned (I think) four of -which he was "quite ignoraut; and they weio all close neighbors in a narrow holt across the island. Mr. Campbell, after chrouiclingtho fact quoted above, goes on to. philosophise. " It is a well known fact," ho says, "that if there he uojfixcu standard"— ho refers to tho art of writing— "a language will, quickly alter ; and that if, under these circum stances, poopies originally speaking the same language ho separated aud kept apart, and opposed to each other in war and stratagem, their language will develop into different dia- leots, and become so different as to entitle them to he called different lauguages." I quota these words because they appear so conclusive, and because they are seemingly quite true for Melanosis. How then to explain the cqntrary experience of the Polynesians? These are spread over a great field of ocean, from north to south nnd from west to east. Intercourse had long ceased between nearly all the groups. On the same island, in the Marquesas, every glen was in perpetual cannibal warfare with its neigh bors. And yet, to-day, from the extreme north to the extrcmo south, the language is probably not so different as Breton is from "Welsh ; and tho Polynesian, landing on any isle within these broad bounds, will bo readily understood in al most all essentials. And again, uot only is Polynesian easy to smatter, but interpreters abound. Missionaries,, traders and broken white folk, living on the. bounty of the natives are to be found in almost every isle and hamlet ; and even whero these are unserviceable the natives themselves have often scraped up a little English, and in tho French zone (though far less commonly) a little French-English, or an , efficient . pidgin, what is . called to the westward "Beaoh-la-Mar," comes easy to the Polynesian. It is now taught, besides, in the schools of Hawaii, and from the multiplicity of British ships and tho nearness of tho States on the one hand and tho colonies on tho other, it may bo called, and will almost certainly become, the tongue of tbe Pacific. I will instanco a few. ex amples. I mot in Majuro a Marshall Island boy who spoltq excellent English; this he lia$ learned in the German firm in Jaluit, yet did uot sxieak onc word of Gorman. I heard from a gendarme who had taught school in Rapa-itl that while tho children had tho utmost diffi- culty .oc reluctance to learn i renou, tnoy picxea up English on the way side as if by accident. On ono of the most out of tho way atolls in the Carolines, fhy friend, Mr. Benjamin Herd, was amazed to find the lads playing cricket on tho boaoh and talking English; and it was in English that tho crow of the Janet Nicoll, a sot of black boys from different Mclanceiau islands, communicated with other natives throughout tho cruise, transmitted orders, and sometimes jested together on tho foro hatch. But what etruok mo perhaps most of all was a word I heard on tho verandah of the Tribunal at Noumea. A caso had just been beard — a trial for infantioido against an ape-like native woman— and tho audience Ave re smoking cigarettes as they awaited the verdict. An anxious, amiable French lady, not far from tears, was eager for acquittal, and declared she . would engage the prisoner to bo her children's nurse. The bystanders exclaimed at the pro posal ; the woman was a savage, said they, and -spoke no language. "A!«is, rolls sarce," ob jected the fair sentimentalist ; " Us apprennent sivitc V Anglais/" But to bo able to speak to people is not all ; and in tho first stago of my relations with natives I was holpcd by two things. To begin ,witb, I was. the showman of the Casco. She, 'tiler fine lines, tall spars and snowy deoks, the crimson fittings of the saloon, and the white -and gilt, and tho repeating mirrors of the tiny cabin, brought us a hundred visitors. The men fathomed out her "dimensions with their arms, as their fathers fathomed but the ships of Cook ; .tho women declared the cabins more lovely than a church ; bouncing Junos were never weary of sitting in the chnirs' and contemplating in tbe glass their own bland images ; and I liavo seen one lady strip- up her dress, and, with cries of wonder and delight, rub herself hare breeched npon the velvet cushions. Biscuit, jam and Byrup was tbe entertainment ; and as in European parlors, the photograph album went tha round. This sober gallery, their every day oostumes and pbysioguomics, bad become transformed, in three weeks' sailing, into things wonderful and rich and foreign ; alien faces, barbaric dresses, they were now beheld and fingered, in the swerving cabin, with innocent excitement and surprise. Her Majesty was often recognised, and I have seen French subjects kiss her photo graph ; Captain Spoedy — in an Abyssinian war dress, supposed to be tho uniform of tho British army — met with much acceptance; and tho effigies of Mr. Andrew Lang were admired in Marquesas. There is the place for him to go when be shall be weary of Middlesex and Homer. It was perhaps yet more important that I had enjoyed in my youth some knowledge of our Scots folk of tbe Highlands and tbe Islands. Not muoh beyond a century has passed since these were in the same convulsive nnd tranBi- tionary state as tho Marquesans of to-day. In ' both oases, an alien authority enforced, the clans disarmed, the chiefs deposed; new customs introduced, and chiefly that fashion of regard- . ing money as the means and object of existence. -The commercial age, in eacb, succeeding at a bound to an age of war abroad and patriarchal communism at home. In one the cherished practise of tattooing, in the other a cherished costume, proscribed. In each a main luxury cut off ; beef, driven nnder oloud of night from lowland pastures, denied to the meat loving liiighlandor ; long-pig, pirated from the next village, to the man-oating Kanaka. The grumb ling, tho sccrot ferment, the fears aud resent ments, the alarms and sudden councils of Mar- qnesan chiefs, reminded ma continually of the days of Lovat and Struan. Hospitality, tact, \- natural fine mnnnor and a iouohy punctilio, are common to both races ; common to both tongues, the trick of dropping medial consonants. Here Is a table of two widespread Polynesian words : House. Love.'' Tabltian . . Faro . . Aroha New Zealand.. AVbaro Samoan.. .. Fale .. Tnlofo ManUiiki .. Fale ., Aloha . Hawaiian .. Hale .. Aloha Blarquesan .. Ha'e .. Kaoha The elision of medial consonants, so marked in these Marquesan instances, is no less common Doth in Gaelic and the lowland Scots. Stranger still, that prevalent Polynesian sound, the so- called catch, written with an apostrophe, and often or always the gravestone of a perished consonant, is to be heard in Scotland to this dy. AVlien a Scot pronounces water, or bottle — ica'cr, le'er, bo'le — the sound is precisely that of the catoh ; and I think we may go beyond, Bind say, that if Bitch a population could bo isolated and this mispronunciation should becomo the rule, it might prove tbe first stage of transition- from t to k which is the disease of Polynosian languages. The tendency of tho Marquesans,' however, is to urge against consonants, of at least on tho very common letter 1, o war of mere exter mination. A hiatus is agreeableto any Polynesian ear ; the ear cvon of the stranger soon growB used to these barbario voidB ; but only in the Marquesan will you find sueh names aB Haaii and Paaaeua, when each individual vowel must bo separately uttered. These points of similarity between a South Sea people aud some of ray own folk at home ran -muoh in my head in the islands, and not only inclined me to view my fresh acquaintances with favor, but continually modifiod ray judg ment. A polite Englishman comes to-day to the Marquesans and is amazed to fiud the men tattooed ; polite Italians came not long ago to England ar.d found our fathers stained with woad ; and when I paid tho return visit as a little boy, I was highly diverted with the back wardness of Italy: so insecure, so much a matter of the day and hour, is the pre-eminence of race. It was so that I hit upon a means of communication which I recommend to travellers. When I desired any detail of savage custom, or of superstitious belief, I cast hack in tho story of .niy fathers, and fished for what I wanted withsometraitof equalbarbarism : MichaelScott, Lord Dcrwentwater's head, the second sight, tbe AVater Kelpie, each of theao I have found to be a' killing bait ; the black bull's head of Stirling procured mo tho legend of Rahcro ; and what I know of the Cluny Moopborsons, or the Appin' Stewarts, enabled me to learn," and belpe'd me to undorstand, about the Tevas of Tahiti. The'nativc was no longer Ashamed, his sense of kinship grew warmer, and his lips were opened. It is this sense of kinship that the traveller must rouse and share, or be had better oonteut himself with travols ij-om the blue bed to the brown. And the presonce of ono Oookney titterer will cause a whole party to walk in clouds of darkness. The hamlet of Amaho stands on a margin of flat land ' between the west of the beach and the spring of tho impending mountains. A grove" of palm's, perpetually ruffling its ' green ' fans, carpets it (as for a triumps) with fallen branches, nnd shades it like an Arbor. ' A ' road runs from end to end of the covert among beds of flowors, tho milliner's 'Where that word is used as a salutation I give that form. shop of the community ; and hero nnd there, in the grateful twilight, in an air filled with a diversity of scents, and still within hearing of tho surf upon tho reef, tho natlvo houses stand in scattered neighborhood. The same word, as we have scon, represents in many tongues of Polynesia, with scarce a shore of difference, the nbodo of man. But although tho word be the same, the struoturo itself continually varies ; and tho Marquesan, among tho most backward and barbarous of islanders, was yet the most commodiously lodged. The grass huts of Hawaii, the birdcage houses of Tahiti, or the open shed, with the crazy Venetian blinds, of tho polito Samoan — nono of these can bo com pared with the , Marquesan paepae-hao, or dwelling platform. Tho pnepao is an oblong terrace built without cement of black volcanio stone, from 20 to 50 feet in length, raised from 4 to 8 feet from' tiro earth, and accessible by a broad stair. Along tha back of this, and coming to about half its width, runs tho open front of tho house, like a covered gallery ; the. interior sometimes neat and almost elegant in its baroncs9, the sleeping space divided off by an endlong coaming, somo bright raiment perhaps hanging from a nail, and a lamp and ono of AYbita's sewing machines the only marks of civilisation. On tbe outside', at ono end of tbo terrace, burns the cooking fire under, oi shed ; at the other there is perhaps a pen for pigs ; the remainder is tho evening lounge and al fresco banquet hall of tbo inhabitants- . To some houses water is brought down the' mountain in bamboo pipes, perforated for the sake of sweet ness. AYith the Highland comparison . in my mind, I was struck to remember tho sluttish mounds of turf and stone in which I have sat and been entertained in .tho Hebrides and the. North Islands; Two things, I suppose, explain the contrast. In Scotland wood is rare, aud with materials so rude as turf and stone the very hope of neatness is excluded. And in Scotland it is cold. Shel ter and a hearth are needs so pressing that a man looks not beyond ; be is out all day after a bare bellyful, and at night when he sayeth "Aha, it is warm!" ho has not appotito for more. Or if for something else, thcu some thing higher ; a finu school of poetry and song arose in these rough shelters, and an air like Loohaber No More is an cvidenco of refinement moro convincing, as well as more imperishable, than a palace. To one such dwelling platform, a considerable troop of relatives and depondents resort. In tbe hour, of the dusk, when the fire blazes, and the scent of the cooked breadfruit fills tiro air, and perhaps the lamp giiats. already between .the pillars of the house, you shall behold them silently nsscmblo to this meal, men, women and children ; and the dogs and pigs frisk together up tho terrace stairway, switching rival tails. The strangers from the ship were soon equally welcome; welcome to dip their fingers in tho wooden dish, to drink ooooanuts, to sharo tho circulating pipe, and to hear and hold high debate about the misdeeds of the French, the Panama Canal, or the geographical position of San Franoisco and New Yo'ko. . In a highland hamlet, quite out of reaoh of any tourist, I .have met the some plain and dignified liospi. tality. I have mentioned two facts — the distasteful behavior of our earliest visitors, and the case of the lady who rubbed herself upon tho cushions — which would give a very false ojiinion of Mar quesan manners. The great majority of Poly nesians are excellently mannerod ; . but . the Marquesan stands apart, annoying and attrac tive, wild, shy and refined. If you make him a present he affeets to forget it, and it must be offered him again at his going— a pretty formality I have found nowhere else. A hint will get rid of any one. or any number, thoy are so -fiercely proud and modest; while many of -the moro lovable but blunter islanders crowd upon a stranger, and oan bo no more driven off than flies. A slight or an insult tho Marquesan scema novor to forget. . I was ono day talking by the wayside with my friend Hoka, when I perceived his eyes suddenly to flash and his stature to swell. A white horseman was coming down the mountain, and as he passed, and while he paused to oxohange salutations with myself, Hoka was still staring and ruffling like a game cock. It was a Corsican who had years before called him cochin sauvage—cocon chauvagc,ta Hoka mispronounced it. AVith' people as hioe aud so touchy, it was scarce to be supposed that our company of groenhorns should not blunder into offences. Hoka, on ono of bis visits, fell sud denly in a brooding silence, and presently after left the ship with cold formality. AVhen he took mo back into favor, ho adroitly and pointedly explained the nature of my offence. I had asked him to sell cocoanuts, and, in Holm's view, articles of food were things that a gentleman should give, not sell, or at least that he should not sell to any friend. On another occasion I gave my boat's crew a luncheon of chocolate and biscuits. I bad sinned, I could never learn how, against some point of observance, and though I was drily thanked, my offerings wero left upon the beaeb. But our worst mistake was a Blight we put on Toma, Hoka's adoptive father, and in his own eyes the rightful chief of Aualio. In tbe first place, wo did not call upon bim, as per haps we Bhould, in bis fino new European house, the only one in the hamlet. In the second, when we camo ashore upon n visit to his rival, Taipi-kikino, it was Toma whom wo saw stand ing at the bead of tho bcaoh, a magnificent figure of a man, magnificently tattooed, and it was of Toma that we asked our question — " AVhero is tho chief?" " AVhat chief ?" cried Toma, and turned his baok on the blasphemers. Nor did lie torgive us. Hoka oame and went with us daily ; but alono I believe of all ,tho - countryside, neither Toma nor his wife sot foot on board tbe Casco. The temptation resisted it is hard for a European to compute. The Flying City of Laputo, moored for a fortnight in. St. James's Park, affords but a pale figuro of tbo Casco anchored before Anabo, for the Londoner has still his change of pleasures, but the Mar quesan passes to his grave through an unbroken uniformity of days. On the afternoon before it was intended we should sail a valedictory party came on board, nine of our partioular friends equipped with gifts and dressed ob for a festival. Hoka, tho ohiof danoor and singer, tho greatest dandy of Annho, and one of the handsomest young fel lows in tho world— sullen, showy, dramatio, light as a feather and strong as an ox — it would havo beeu hard, on that occasion, to recognise, as ho sat there stooped and silent, bis faco heavy aud grey. It was strange to soo tho lad so much affeoted ; stranger still to recognise in his last gift one of the curios wo had rofuscd on tho first day, and to know our friend, so gaily dressed, so plainly moved at our departure, for ono of the half naked crow that had besieged and insulted us on our arrival ; strangest of all, perhaps, to find in that oarved lmndlo of a fan, tho last of those ouriosities of the first day whioh had not all been given to u9 by their pos sessors — tboir obief merchandise, for which tbey bad sought to ransom us as long as we wore strangers, whioh thoy pressed on us for nothing as soon as wo were friends. Tho last visit was not long protracted. One after another they shook hands nnd got down into their canoe ; when Hoka turned his back immediately upon tbe .ship, so that wo saw his face no more. Taipi, on the other hand, remained standing and faoing us with vnledictory gestures ; and when Cnptain Otis dipped the ensign the whole party saluted with their hots. This was the farewoll. The episode of our visit to Annho was held concluded, and though the Cscno remained nearly 40 hours at her moorings, not ono roturned 'on board, nnd I am inolined to think they avoided appearing on tho bcaoh. This reserve and dignity is the finest trait of tho Marquesan. 