The motion of which Mr Zeal has given notice requiring the Law Department to issue directions that the judges of County Courts shall reside in the districts to which thev are assigned is one which opens np several considerations. The view held by the Law Department is that it would he inexpedient to enforce this regula tion, inasmuch as the judges are not assigned to any one particular district for a term, but are always movable and being moved, that as the facilities of travel to and from Melbourne are great very little inconvenience attends the pre sent practice of permitting them to reside where they please, and that were tbey restricted to what they would consider the semi-banishment of life in a country town, the same quality of talent as that at present to be found on tbe County Court Bench could not be secured. Of the latter we have some doubt, as there must be many able men in the ranks of tbe now over crowded profession to whom the honorarium and social status of a judge, even in a country town, are inducements, and it may be pointed ont that the facility of transit argument has two sides, for if it is easy for a jndge to proceed to his district, owing to the travelling advantages, now at his disposal, it is no more difficult for him to travel to Melbourne from bis district than from the super Yarra city to it. And we doubt if the advantage of having all its judges handy in the stable — so that one will be in readiness to be harnessed and sent off direct to any vacant Court, whenever required — is a sufficient con sideration to the Law Department, which gene- tolly adopts tbe public school principle ' festina lento," " make haste slowly." The argument of the country districts, which does not seem to he accepted by our metropolitan brethren, is that decentralisation must commence somewhere. If all the officers employed by the Stats from their Honours tbe judges down to the bulk of the railway employes insist upon residence in the metropolis as a condition precedent of ser vice we, outside of the sacred ring of the ten mile radius from the G.P.O., shall begin to feel that we are taunted with a sort of social leprosy, and shall yearn still more for association with those superior persons who' draw our salary, but scorn our society. For, let it be remarked, the residents of Melbourne do not pay all the salaries and travelling expenses of the judges at qiost — they only bear half cost— and they might, In fairness, if they keep the judges sitting in Courts near the city for their own, let us occa sionally meet with onr half. Tiie fact is the centralising system is working slowly the ruin of the districts outside Melbourne, and' is depopulating them by the steady suction of the Cbsrybdis of the metropolis. If the country districts do not protest earnestly, steadily, strenuously, ever and always, against the system, its tendency, and its results, it will ultimately be argued that it is cheaper and more convenient to transact all the legal business of the State in Melbourne/and our Court-houses will become fanes tended by the flitting ghosts of former days, and our hotels as tbe temples of deserted Greece. We are aware that it will be contended that as thp judges frequently require to be re moved to distant parts of the colony it is inconvenient for them to found homes in par ticular districts, but the same' objection ap plies to police magistrates and in other profes sions to clergymen, school teachers, and bankers. The fact is, where there's a will there's a way, but the Law Department lacks tho former. We have no doubt ' but that in the present case it will simply rouse itself lethargically sufficiently to respond to the motion, and then go to sleep again. We wish almost that the Council had not been . made the testing ground. .Had a similar motion been submitted in the Assembly we could have had a rally. Most peopjo . deem that they know what a sovereign ia — many have even possessed one or more— somo have even succeeded in keeping them. But it is not so generally known that tho purity of the sovereign is watched with scrupulous care,' gauged with absolute nicety, and a record made of the variations in the quality of all members of the sovoreign family that pass into circulation. The sovereign minted in Melbourne has to be reported upon periodi cally by the Deputy Master of tlie Royal Mint in London, the report being based on the assay' of Pyx pieces transmitted for examination. The standard weight of the sovereign is oz'25682, and the standard fineness— in 1000 parts— is 916 '666; According to a; table' just issued our gold coinage is fairly up to the mark nnd of good character. During tlio last two quarters the amouut of gold in the sovereign has fallen some- wliaf below the standard demanded by.law/liut, we presumo, this will at once be remedied;; 1 The value of the report is shown in this, that it at once directs publio attontion to any impairment of the currency, and the discovery necessarily, leads to the application of the remedy. :; It may , be as well, while considering this subject, to point out the great danger , incurred by those foolish per sons who, after boring a hole through a sovereign and wearing it as a watch guard ornament, fill up the spaco, gild it, and attempt to place the coin so tampered with again in circulation. By an English Act 2,' William IV;, anyone who shall fabricate a coin in imitation of n current gold or silver ooin, or . gild silver, or colour any counter feit gold Or silver coin, or riiall alter silvei' or ?oj?per coin with intent to make it pass for gold or effver, shall be liable to four years' imprison ment, and any one who shall impair, diminish, oV lighten gold' or silver coin, to imprisonment for three years. And it should be remembered that, in order to bring these offences within the limits of tbe statute, it is not necessary that the resemblance of the false to the true coin' shall bs very perfect, though, if it be not such 33 to deceive a person of ordinary observation the attempt to bring it- into circulation is fraud and not uttering. 