Scottish Stories. By Agnes C. Maixi^nd, Principal of Somerville Hall, Oxford. The Story of Helen Sell, CHAPTER III. It was not till evening that Helen sent for him to come to her. He fouud her sitting quietly by the open window, which let in the sunset-light, her hands clasped in her lap. The stillness of death itself was 011 her face, but not its triumph nor its peace. Robert had revolved mauy things in his mind during the dreary aftemoou ; bitter repentance had come ; he had resolved to sacrifice anything — everything, to undo the wrong he had done, hut lier look overawed him, the words diod 011 his lips. Helen glanced at liini as he entered, and then her eyes wandered out agam to the glowing sky. For a minute or two she did not speak at all ,? then she said slowly : — ' I asked you to come to 1110. It is necessary that you should know what I mean to do.'' Her voice was dull anel monotonous, but quite steady. The words fell like a heavy blow on Robert. He taw. too, what he had not noticed at first, that the room was cleared of all Helen's little possessions — that | two boxes stood in the corner. ' Helen,' lie cried sharply. ' you cannot —you do not mean to leave me r ' '? Yes,' she said, in the same dull tones. ' Why should I stay 'r ' and still she looked away and did not stir. ' But, Helen, listen to mo -you must listen ! I will do anything you like. I will give up everything ! 1 will marry you to-morrow, directly — I will do all you can wish !' ?' Will that undo it'r'' she said. ' Helen, you must hear me. Xo one shall ever know. It will he all right. I will not write to my mother till we are married, and I will tell her ? ' '? Another lie !' There was not even scorn jjj ?l)c tones to break the THE CBUISEB KATOOMBA. THE GUXBOAT BOOMEEAXi. SHIPS OF THE AUSTRALIAN NAVAL SQUADRON. [See Page 583.] awful lifeless mouotoav of despair with which they . fell. ' j You shall not go.' he cried, beside himself with j passion. ' I will not allow it.' I 'How can vou prevent it r I am not your wife. It is — what was it she said r ail entanglement r— yes. au entanglement. Any one can break that, you know.' Robert cast himself at lier feet: lie wept, he prayed, he exhausted all words of entreaty, but in vain, she did not even look at him or tremble ; she seemed turned to stone. Once he tried to take her hands, but she thrust, him back with a passionate touch, and then fell again into that awful stillness. ' It is too late ' was all she said when at length words failed him. Her hopeless grief was utterly passionless. Iu despair, he, too, was silent. He had come to her prepared to make any sacrifice, any reparation, and now it appeared that no sacrifice, no reparation, no atonement, would be accepted at all. After a little Helen seemed to rouse herself. She turned towards him. ' Robert,' she began, 'my poor Robert.1' he thought he saw signs of softening in her face, and hope sprang up in his heart, only to ; be slain by her next words — ' nothing can undo the pist, it is no use trying, aud I am going to leave your future free. I am going to-morrow. This is the i end. I shall take the boy : lie is all mine. If we ! had been married he would have been yours ; but ! though you have taken everything else from me, you : cannot take liini now.' ?? But it is for his sake. Helen, that you must listen to me.' he implored again. ' If we are married in Scotland it will make him all right ; it will, indeed ! You have a right to be angry, but don't — don't wrong i liitn more.'' ; She did listen to that. Then there was an evident wavering: she leant back aud covered her eyes with her hand. It was long b3fore she spoke, aud the dusk was gathering round them before her answer came. ' No, Robert.' she said at last, ' not even for his sake. I cau't do it. It is no real righting of his wrong or mine. It is better for him and me to be what we are.' '? Better for him to have uo father than such a father as I am, you think ! Oh. you— you^ never loved me — cold, cruel. I have long seen it. You did not care whether I went or stayed. You never loved me, or you could not do this.' 'If I liad loved you no better thau you loved me. you might, indeed, reproach me, but you have killed my love,' was her auswer : and its awful truth silenced him. ?? I could not live with you now as your wife,' she continued, after a minute. '' These two years would stand up ghost ly between us, we never could be happy. I shall take nothing from you. I can earn my own living, and keep myself and my boy.' If heaven is as cruel to you in the day of your need as you arc to me. it will go hard witli you,' said Robert bitterly : ' you leave me no place for repent ance.' '? I cannot help it,' she said. '? I could not breathe the same air with you now. Do you not see every thing is gone 'r Oh, my God ! if only baby and I had died yesterday !' ' Have some pity, some mercy on me, if not on your self,' he besought once more. ''It would be no mercy really,'' she answered. ' This is tlie end, Robert : we shall never meet again. It is better so.' ' And what will you do. where will you — where can you go 'r' ' I am strong ; I shall work, no matter how or where. And, Robert, you — you are free, you will go to your mother.' 'I shall drown myself,' he said, with the sudden despair of a weak mau. Xo. Robert, no — not that,' she cried, springing i to her feet. ' Some day — somewhere fiud strength for repeutauce ! Give me that, hope at least,' she prayed. 'Don't, don't take that away, too,' and she burst into a storm of agonising, bitter sobs aud tears till it seemed almost as if body and soul must part iu that terrible strife. The truest chord in Robert's heart was touched at last. As lie strove to soothe aud quiet her he vowed secretly a solemn vow that from that hour he would lead a new life, be a different man. They talked far into the night after that, and then Robert left her. Though both felt it was as the parting of death, they did not part in hopeless bitter ness. Robert spent the rest, of the summer nigl\t pacing the quiet fields and lanes, and before the morning suu grew hot Helen and the child were gone. When he returned to the little house and room, made ghostly by the recollection of her presence, he found her wed ding ring wrapped in paper and addressed to him. As the deepest penance lie could submit to, and yet as the pledge of a hope, he slipped it on his finger, and then, after settling their small affairs, and taking one. long spray of flowers from those she had gathered only yesterday, he went to his mother, and speaking to her for the first time since his earliest childhood with perfect frankness, without one single arrierts peiisre, lie told her all. Twelve years later a poor woman was living alone in Glasgow, supporting herself and her son by fhe humblest employments, washing and sewing. Her neighbours looked askance at her, she wore uo wed ding ring, though, that was. alas, common enough to have been readily condoned, if it had not been for the damning fact that she also ' held herself above honest folk but she sought no acquaintance or friends among them, aud devoted herself to her boy, stinting herself of food to give him the best education in her power, yet trying above all to teach him love of truth aud self-denial, and to give him noble aims with high ideals. She had no con cealments from him. With solemn grief she had told him all their story, and tried to teach him to pitv and forgive the father whom he could neither love nor renounce. The boy was already apprenticed to a bookseller, but he aud his mother both looked forward to a day when he should enter college as a step to the ministry. They were a singular pair. The boy wore a look of intent and determination remarkable in one so young, while his mother's stately stern beauty and noble carriage ' attracted attention from the most casual passer-by. ( Continued on page 590 .J liev hair was quite grey , but her face, though strangely still, was evidently young. To this woman came one day a letter, the first for so many years that her heart trembled bcfere she opened it. It was dated from California. ' Helen,' it said, ' lam dying, and I cannot die without writing once to ask for your forgiveness. God knows I have repented or I should not dare to ask that, nor yet what else I havo to ask. Helen, I married out here a dear gill, who was cast upon my care under circumstances, too long for my strength to tell you now, tliat made it seem the best thing to do for her. She is dead ; hut I have a little daughter, just two years old. My mother is dead — last mail brought the news ; I have no one to leave my child with, no one to send her to but you. Will you take her, Helen r Be her guardian, bring her up, make her like yourself, the noblest, purest woman I have ever known. I know that you will not refuse me this. I am so sure of it that I have written to my lawyers, who will send you this, naming you as her sole guardian. She will have some money — about £400 a year— from her mother, but I have tried to make all business easy for you. Do not refuse me. Be generous to me as you are just. I know you did love me once, little as I deserved it : forgive me, then, as you hope to be forgiven. The thought of you has kept me in a life of many temptations : the thought of you is my only hope now that my little Madge may become a woman such as 1 fain would have her. ' Bobeet Astley. P.S. — ' My mother never forgave me. I have left the little I possess to your son.' Enclosing this was a letter from Messrs. Henry and Co., solicitors, explaining that she could, if she chose, refuse the guardianship of the little girl, who was already in their custody, under which circumstances she would become a ward in Chancery, and adding that the child was heiress to a much larger amount than the father had known, as the late Mrs. Astley, his mother, had left her £20,000, which news had not reached her son before his death. It was evident that they hoped and expected that the guardianship would he refused. Helen Bell had not thought it possible that the quiet peace of mind she had after long struggle reached could have been broken up by so givat a tumult of thought, feeling, nay passion itself, as this letter aroused. How her heart yearned over that little girl, and yet, and yet ? Madge, it was a name Robert had liked, she remembered, oh, how well. She glanced round the bare little room, and thought of the wealth of that little child with a sort of loath ing. If only she had been penniless, what joy it would have been to liave her, but now ? it was an awful problem. She had not realised till now how strong her pride was or how- dear. It would cost her much to part with it. When her son came in she placed both letters iu his hand. His face flushed i.s he read them, he set his teeth. ' I will take nothing from him, mother, nothing.' was his first word. ' I will make my way without his help.' And though Helen's heart sank to hear it, she felt she had known beforehand what he would say. Nor did time shake hit purpose. The affairs were very difficult to settle, but at length satisfactory arrangements were made, and Helen did not refuse the tusk left to her, though its conditions oiten tried her sorely. There was a pretty little house in the suburbs, where lived a sweet little gill, who had nurses and attendants iu plenty, aud every pleasure and joy that childhood can know, except the love of a father. The love of a mother she had, for all day long, from tlie time her eyes opened in the morning, there was with her a stately but gentle lady, whose grave, loving tenderness watched over her, surrounded her, filled out her little life as only mother's love ever does. _ But at night when, tired out with happiness, the little child had tone to rest under the care of a faithful nurse, a tall gure, plainly dressed, stole from the gate and swiftly made its way through thronged streets aud lanes to a very poor part of the town, and to a certain hare, small room. There, with her son, she supped on coarse food ; there they often sat till far into the night talk ing and reading ; there she slept on a hard, coarse bed. And as soon as the morning light returned, and her son rose to go to his work, she rose, too, to go back to her little ward, and take up her daily round of duties with her, with its daily renunciation of the pride that had been her last infirmity. This lasted for years, until Kobert had attained his first ambition, aud finished liis college course with brilliant success. Then came a time when the little bare room was closed aud deserted, and the lady never left the child. And the cliild grew out of the joyous nessof childhood into the joy of happy girlhood, till at length the joy of love was hers too. And when the day of her marriage came, the minister, whose praise was on all lips, who married her to her true love was her half-brother, Kobert Bell. But Madge never knew the story of their relationship, for her guardian saw no need' to tell it to her. Only she had made Robert promise whatever happened to befriend his sister. And Helen Bell left the house that had been her ward's, and lived alone in a home her son had pro vided for her. But it was not for long. A sense of tiredness seemed to steal over her. a feeling that at length her work was done and might be put by. She was not fsad, only very quiet and tranquil. And one day they found her lying upon her couch with folded : hands, lier face was no stiller than it was wont to be, but bearing the seal of a calm, triumphant death, that wan, sweet smile of peace which none but the dead have strength to wear on earth. Her story was done. ( Concluded .) I 