intercolonial. ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, BALLARAT. The Opening Ceremony. The consecration of this cathedral, which took place on Sunday last, has a special interest for South Australian Catholics, ps for some time the late Dr. Shiels, Bishop of Adelaide, was in charge of the parish. The foundation stone of the church was laid, by Bishop Goold on February 7, 1858, and the building was dedicated by the same prelate on Novem ber 8, 1863, Dr. Shiels preaching the sermon. At this time Father Madden was in charge of the parish, but shortly afterwards Dr. Shiels succeeded him. On several occasions the church has been added to, until iu 1865 Dean Moore, who succeeded Dr. Shiels, let a contract for the completion of the building, minus the tower and spire, which are yet to be built, the price being £25,350. ThiB work was completed in 1869. In 1874 Dr. O'Connor, the first bishop, was con secrated at Borne; and the edifice, there fore, became a cathedral. The total cost of the building was about £40,000. The new high altar was made to order in Rome by Signor Leonardi, and cost £1,300. Near the high altar is the central Window, presented. to the cathedral by . Miss Carpebter, of Melbourne, at a cost of £500. Several other internal decorations have cpst between £800 and £900, add' no other' 'cathedral; or church In the colonies offers a prettier; thdagh appro-! priately subdued, spectacle as the interior of tbeddiffte^ The ceremony on Sunday in &hhbQtibh; with the bpnsfecratiob proved a htilliaht affair. Long before the' time eppdin'ted'' for the; boning of the'pthfice thousands otpersonshad assembledin the' gonads,; add When pontifical ' High Mass' commencedthe c&hedru; was ci^wded rn every part/, and l^genumberp' bf pettojbs were refused adnnssion J6Wi&g; W waht ot1 spSc8;' : ! (Hieh: Mass "Was cfflbbVated by JSSp"whs- mm* m W fumj ahdJ the 1*ReVs. Ththlr DTarrell 'add; Doyle, Dr.' Delahey acting as masted of the ceremonieB. Thirty-two acolyteswere also engaged. Grouped around the altar wereCardinal Moran, his secretary (Dr. O'Haran), Archbishops Carr (Melbourne), Reynolds (Adelaide); Murphy (Bobart), Dunne (Brisbane), and Bed wood (Welling ton).^ 'Bishops.: Corbett- (Sale), Seville (Sandhurst), O'Reily r« (Port Augusta), Dunn (Wilcannia), Torrengia (Armidale), Moran (Dunedin), Murray (Maitland), Dr. Higgins (assistant bishop of Sydney), ;MonBignor C'Hara, and Messrs. N. Fitz geraldj D. Brophy, I. Goghlan, and W. H. Archer,. Knights of the . Order of St. Gregory. There were over thirty priests in attendance. A special , chorus and orchestra, under the leadership, of Mr. R. Wrigley, ; rendered Zingarelli's " Laudate," and Hummel's Mass : in E Fiat, the soloists being Mrs. Palmer, Madame Christian, Signor Buzzl, mid Mr. J.. D., Burtpn. . The muBic was splendidly rendered by a select choir,of about 100 performers, nothing equal to it having previously been heard, in Ballarat. TheCABDiKAi.-AECHBlSHOp(Dr. Moran) preached the sermon, taking his text from HebrewB xii. chap., 22 and 23 verses. : He congratulated Bishop Moore and the people of Ballarat on the consummation of years of; patient labour.: The archi tectural beauty of the building, its richness of ornamentation, its sanctuary, altars, and stained glass windows made it a monu ment worthy of the city and the liberality of the citizens. -It was also a lasting monument' of religion; and would be to generatibns yet • unborn' a record Of zeal and;, piety!. ' "A- hundred years previously the darkneBB of paganism reigned through out Australia'. Now the light of Divine truth shone brightly throughout the length and breadth of the land, and an enlightened people, proud of the freedom which was their birthright, had erected numberless monuments of benevolence, education, and piety to prove their gratitude for the divine gifts they had received. The cathedral was the principal church of a diocese, and was symbolical of Christian unity, one faith, one baptism, one fold. Enlarging on the characteristic unity of the Catholic Church, the Cardinal said that there waB nothing more common at the "present day outside the Catholic fold than an indifference to that unity with which Christ enriched his church. Men of the present day, in their lust for political power or material gain, held that religious tenets should not be allowed to stand in the way of the practical affairs of the world. The whole spirit of the age was one of compromise. With the Protestant clergy the greatest problem how diBcusBed in the press, the pulpit, and on the platform was how to bring to gether conflicting 'heresies and scattered sects, in order that by mutual concessions they might arrive at sqme form of agree ment and devise a broad basis of doctrine in which all might' concpr. It appeared to have been generally accepted that all should by mutual concessions fashion for themselves a diluted form of Christianity to serve as a common creed for all. The Catholic Church allowed no compromise in matters of faith, and her history for the past eighteen centuries showed con clusively that she had not been unfaithful to one particle of the divine heritage. No matter how great the object sought to be gained by those who wished the church to make concessions on points of doctrine, she had always been true to the principle that there could be no middle way between truth and heresy. Referring to the Education question, the Cardinal said . that the Catholics recognised the vast importance as a bulwark against secularism of religious instruction for the young. The secularists, if they achieyed their objects, would spread the fatal blight of paganism over the fair land in which so much had been done during the past century for promoting the knowledge of God and the glory of His name. In con cluding the Cardinal said that the Church, though closely beset by enemies, was shining out as brilliantly as at any previous' stage of her history, and it would be as vain to try and destroy, the Catholic Church as to attempt to tear down the throne of the Creator. In the evening the cathedral was again crowded, and Dr. Redwood, Archbishop of Wellington, New Zealand,, delivered a sermon on the doctrine of faith, pointing out that without faith society would get into a very dangerous state. Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, entertai ned the visiting prelates and about 200 other guests at Holy Ghost College during the afternoon. The Cardinal Archbishop, in replying : to the toast of his health, eulogized Ballarat, and spoke very highly of Bishop .Moore. Dr. Moore is the second' Bishop of Ballarat, and was conse crated, on April 27, 1884.; The Catholic population, of the diocese numbers 38,000. :. First celebrating Mass in a rude canvas tent, the . Roman Catholic body now poBsesses in Ballarat alone property valued, at £180,000, as follows:—St. Patrick's Cathedral and- grounds, £50,000; oonvent and grounds, Lake Wendouree, £30,000 ; Loretto i day school, •; Dawson tetreet, £7,000 ;N&zareth; House, £15,000 : Be demptoriatitupnftsteryj £12,000 ; bishop's palaoe, i £12,000;, Holy Ghost , College, £9,000 ; St.: Alipiua church and grounds, Ballarat; %$,' convent' and'^ouUds, £?flQ0Pi Christian. B|e)thSn',^<ds, -;;sfeJl£ooo>- ^ miscellaneous property, £7,000. 