OUR LONDON LETTER. London, July 18, It is now practically arranged that Mr. Sexton or Mr. Dillon shall be elected chair man of their parliamentary party in the stead •of 1 Mr. Justui' McCarthy. ! It is to Mr. s£Oarihy toißdoctsion is uiaitfly ■ uuo': indeed, if too ebuJd have had' wvy the uiomhoy for Derry would Imva retired ‘from the leadership a month ago. Deeply to the regret-of all whoknew himMr.McCarthv •ir^fftu-^nvHrro^.: trojii .0/6 ” ftttne/t ;of injuoiMitwlUcU woe tho primary ooubo of liis alAoiico from WohL the influenzaoxposod.hUi -vulnerable part, and ho has rineo boon suffering from a return’ of i/ or which ho thought ho had. soon thoyliatjft fdWjWarti ago. Mr.i SfhQjirthyi Who , haft ihoon to gotfoaojc] .to his] iWary work over since for tho sake of his party and his country,- post from which Mr. Parnell had been deposed, placed himself in the hands of 1 his colleagues the moment hi) heard &ib; diolnm of* his-"medical attendant andplaiuly stalodthat ho would prefer‘to .1)6 relicvod'of farther rospOnaiblty/ ' ■ ’ | Sir-William GordbmCuhimiog having''been expelled from 1 the anu/j has of : no claim whatever upon the purehaso-riiohoy which'ho oi'iginally;ipaid'for his commission l . It is ns wcll lo slato this obvious- tvulsni in tho fach Of «s«oi tlouh which have appeared iq ‘public'printil'to tho. effect’that‘Sir .William wou and get hack his purblutßo-monoy, or rathef such 1 percentage of-it ;ris;tho War ' Office authorities dole out'in suohcases.i - 1; j ' Llieanon good authority that fiord Ivoagh, ‘bettor known 1 ns Sir' Edward Guinness, haft definitely bought Savernako, in Wiltshire, the ‘sent of Übo Mavoui® of Ailoshury/v«Ho hai long' been considered a possible' purblmtiifri Savonmko is’one of'the star places of England and possesses« a forest* witli im avenue only .second to Windsor * Unfortunately; !, tho 4 trebft have been cut down too in judiciously oflatoj and tho-house requires a great; deal Cof'repair] It is' sincerely hoped by • “every onb connected with Dublin that Lord Ivengh does-toot- moarj to'sever his gpiinootion witn Ireland! ( ■ Lady Vulontia lost three thousand ; pounds 'worttrof 'jewellery lost- weok between 'Pad* dington and Oxford, which waft prosuihkbly stolen 1 by some well-informed thief. The in-j oidont .will" recall" tho very similar loss Susj lainod by Lady'DudloyjAvho was robbed' of her jewel ease some yciil’s ago ab'PdddingtbnJ station/.'when it was thought there was-some collusion'between ond of her'servants and <thol ithieves' 'though nothing was ever proved-In* the mailer. Among other who have been rbbbbd of <thoffrjewmlcry nc some time or Ihdsotlier are LAdy Aberdeeni .Mrs. Wv H. GronfbllJ Mrs. Henry Whitc.antf Mrs. William Lowthcr; while Mr; Michael jPiddulph, M. P.. i wok on'bo deprived' by a' felonious butler of -almost the whole of hisj plate. . .<<: • '»■ •: 1 ■; v. ■ ' \ { Tho peerage In horiiownriglit which htts; been conferred upon Lady Macdonald makes, I think, <tho> third title of'this kind which the! Queen pas granted I 'torn tvdman. I 'The first! of the -peeresses . is the;-Bnrdnbss Burdolt 1 Coutfcs, who' received 1 tho distinction through the agency of Mr. Gladstone about .twenty years ago. When a peerage was first offered] >to Disraeli he 1 declined'it for himself, butane*! ccptcd it for his wife, wbh 'became Viscoau ■ tcsH; Bcaconsfield. in-hor; bwn right. " ■ j I have the best aroasomtoknow that Sir Andrew Clark has l expressed . the opinion that Mr>;'.Gladstone has recovered from the ; attack of influenza,' but that tho stunning blow ho has recoivod.by the.dcathof his 'son will protract his cbnvalesenoe. -Everything now depends on Mrs.Gladstone. If l she bcars.up in thismbatt severe, trial' all will go well, hut it is feared that; if sho is unable-to stand-the strain, thoioffootionr <hor> husband’s health will bo-serious.. v , ■ ’ “ Mr. George Russell...whose' work l on Mr. Gladstone; is creating so much comment, is* a son of Lord Charles Russell, uncle to the late .Duke, of 1 Bedford;' to whom Mr.' Russell was consequently. l related <in the: capa city, of first cousin. , Mr; Russell 1 is one of the great diners out'of London- society, being-n.readyinnd fluent oqnversdr on most to pics congenial to tho board; Ho- hasnot been exempt from political responsibilities, os bo ■was member, for Aylesbury -from TBBp until the -nest general election, during part of'which Eurioa ho was 'Parliamentary'Secretary tb 'the ocal Government Board. ' Ho has been' be ,'hind thc scenes, at Whitehall?'in Downing streot, and also at Hawardcn, whore he is 'oho of Mr. Gladstone's most welcome guests. Al together ho is able to speak with authority both.on ttoo subjoct br hiS'biography and tho majority Of Other things^. The squabblemver Lord Granville’s l vacant .Garter is, not yet concluded and; no decision -has heenucoinc to -in tho matter. : The' Roya lties are still clamorous for the: claims'of tho ;Duko of Fife, .who, of.course, lias no‘title to ,tho prize beyond tho fOct;thathc is son-in-law ito the Prince of Wales. Gn the., other hand, :tbe Duke of Abercorn and Lord Zetland have ,no hesitation in parading their services and sacrifices ito tlic Tory cause,so that poor• Lord Salisbury is in a rather uncomfortable posi tion over ;tho whole business. . 'A compromise has beenrsuggested .to - the effect that, the Duke of FifOi os practically. S royalty, should -bc idccoratod with- ari 'c^tra 1 snccioLGftrt6ir-<>f-b>» 0 wn;iilco~po£entateBond. prineoft.hailing/ from Europcali courts.' <Tlio. : idea is- not a bad one, and would furinish the solution of an'irksome problemot. i ; , /. i i, . No one hos;groduatod in London social life who Ims nob boon ■ to a Foreign Office recep tion, and yet it ia.tbo>mosi> delusive fortor-of enjoyment-known ih ; the word;' - dmst night at any rate the heat was tropical,' and'the enisb in mounting the-stairs,(overwhelming; «Thc whole thipg is one long;>push, through' ibo serried ranks of olfloioldolnyfl with a , little qlhowingt o£i Mr...’Tngrag and-an oocnsional hob-nobbing with Mrs. Bobtail, At thoißanio time, I cannot speak too highly of the ap -partcimnocs of tho.i scone, . the staircase, tho rooms, the music of two bands, the din- above ally the'flowers: It must /bo alloris.t of gomus .who banks np thc rhodo dendrons abo.vo tboi 'hoada of tho nsconding guests, and; wooves, the 1 nioat onclianting. pqt ,terns; injoyocy Lady Salis bury has notithe reputation of receiving' her guests top effusively, and. Lord ! Salisbury 'is imtaurallyf a'tniftn wljo;darosrfor none .of those things. ii; f ■ . ;■ -•!,' .'c: .‘!uLoKDo9fyJuly• -2S, • 'Liberals will > he sceptical ahout Irish Local .'Government 5 Bill/iwhfch'- 'Mr. Bilfour Said lostlnight will bo broadly;speak ing, on tho same principles which governed the framing of similar'bills for jEnglahd 1 arid Scotland:?* “ Broadly sp'eakingV .4s an 'ox tromcly clastic '-phrase. ’ TtlWill bc found, 1 ! suspect, that Mr. Balfour’k bread this -only a new variation of narrowness. l The great ob ject of tlie Government 'must'be tb " prevent any new Irish local 'bodied' frOm' stiongthon ing tho; machinery of'hgitiitidn; 11; II ’rin l Irish County Coatoail can hold the‘'kitod' .of ; 'publie meeting which' ia suppresked'by' -Ih'o r CoOrtiibri Act, Mr." Ralfour?H:--poUoy . will l bo v .9eredtcd. There will he ton ;att6mpt, thorcfore, to hahx por.thp/lrjshilqeal aatl[oriticS 1 Wftth'so 'many lirajltniions that* ’goyorh merit'in Ireland yfill b'O.torri?'*© shadow of -local - government./dri ' Enghindl '"Yesterday morning dt'thb'Galbelic Cllureh'ojC St; Mary'bf the Angrily Bayswatory/tho *Vocl aing of Sir Thomas Henry Grattrtn 'Esriiohdel -Bart , M.P., chief, W'h‘ip'bf'tho' l lriSh , *Nrttidual party,.to Miss Alice Doriovftn. 'riiccobf Sir Heiiry Donovan', Traleb; 1 witsfsolc/mriiSOdii As the invited ghosts only of the immediate rolntivesicof ’the • bride’and-bride- Sooni,Ddno'.of the latterVParllriibAri&jr; cdl iguos were present,' and; the wedding wos of the quietest and most unostentatious ‘ charac ter.'. The hridogrdom’was drossod iri a faulU tlossly made, black frock boat, White waistcoat and grey trohsersJ ' Ho'/ftlso Wore a-white silk tie?and -a/bulton-hole bP‘white v carnatiohs.'Thd tynao, Iwhij iAio'tall and Bthtely"br'aridtte; Waft aijijrcd .'ip ;n%pliain :: vljiite satln-drefts long tvdio df the’'imm6 matferialj'ft flowitig tallo voi], apd a wreath of ' orAngb blossbrns: Bho,vroro.throodlsmond'fct’eBcontB,’tho\^ft of " her mother,'j and- carded , n : • bbautifhi boquet of whrto- carnations' and gar denias. Thovbridesm'aids wbrd Miss Esmbnde nridbMiss Arinete'-Esmonde; '.sisfers' bf' the bridegroom, and jMiss Donovari;’-sister of’ttlio bride. l us They wore dressed oHko ; in r palo grey croporijithe skirts' being tastefully ['cmhrou dored with silver shamrocks and' tber bodices relieved with'pirik' ehiffon nild hats cn suite. •Each;! :wo»o a; gold bangle, the ! ' gift r of ■ the bridegroom:, Tho < ceremony" wall pArfOrttoed by the) Ilori; Fatheri"o,Noill, 'P.P., Kilencotwh, County Woterford, who chiho-f ovop- spoeialiy for the.oGoaslqn;.. After*tho ceremony in, Nup tial 'Moss' was'/ celebrated/ the .'sorvide ; hoiok fully; chorrih.. The' bride's travelling dress Wo# a pretty ebstume of corn ilotorj - blue : cropoh trimmed with silver -passementerie, •rtna>‘-a worovnumorbufPftndceostly, dtris riot (expected that Sir. Thoriifts:; Esmondo- will rosumo/ibis PariiaTnoritaryidutioBfdtTririg*the i,l pieokbiit'fteBi sibn. " • - | .,ih h. •( - wniowp mii i.'Lbndoni is not quite ‘'diftCOnSOjatcL l '- Tlife Emperor of Germany 'has gone, hut Prince George oflGtcoco has arrived;' This is ’the howof;fboi squabbles irifJapan}round which much dark mysteryJlnroods.'i 'Tlmth Jap niado an attack on tho Czoreivitchj and'that Priiioo George;of, Qrcbao interposed! and knocked Inm dpwn is hoyotod 'doubfc;ifßut no’ one stdo 'a riarrbw- oirble 'of - royal - o"nd' "official ■ <pok-. f® ns knows;precisely-iin: what ciroumstancek Hie’ affair.’ took pi acb. I^ j* ono*s .‘-in "thou Appardril woroorispymg<lfhomB6lyoB.*aftort;£h%r;marinCt famiiiaruto;PririeolHalj and^going'boyorid ’th k 6 measure of Hvoliri«B,-ipormittod eVen in tliik p articular place; they visited/, they raised- tho indigriotioniof a JopijAwliootookothbbi *•fbr'twb Europbans;,/ofi>. tln treaty ports., <, Howovdr idtitohbpsit (/isf eortatto that toe: Czarwitchtwriß''■Toealledptri6ki ngk']|)s ivoy whilsfc^ih^i United lie. Ho la & stalwart giant, luuy' aix! fijbji’ijil^h, and ’us five feet onoor two la ’tluj ' iivoi'ago height of manhood iii/ Japan, it i» evident ho ! did not run the risk ofmortal injures. [ It in not often that, the reversion of n .pro perty is Isold in (lio. open market mid havor ' tlscftl for sale in-, pyomtiiontpublio papers*, 'This howo’vdr, ?'ih the: Paso of Mr. Lawrence WillamPalk, th coldest son bf .Lord Haldol fAvlib death. ie entitled to the ikmbasioh of estates ttfortlr some £20,000 a year, and a very valuable . in»“ suranco policy on his father’s life. At the same .timofthonf. heavy-encumbrances jM» tho property, which comprises a very largo por tion of the town of Torquay, Hence, Mr Palk : roooiycd£2o,ooo-toi;«his- rovoraiou-w]ioro-. "by i an! disposed to T1 ii hk the piirblidsor got a’ bargain 4 though, of coarse, life is uncortain.and Lord Haidon might/ very easily survive his-son.’ bolAg ja bompa» , atlvcly. youth ful ■paroiit, In whioh cnsb tho 20j000 would bp entirely* thrown' aivay„>A. woll-knowu instance of the silo of a. reversion was.in tho case ojf 'tho.'Wilton property, which was- soldhy the 'present>Lord Wilton for- £2OOO down, ho tbch boing- a younger son, ; Subsequently the pur chaser, who was a 1 solicitor at> Brighton, . ra pontod of the.transaction; and! Lord Wilton’s father was enabled to buy back the groatop Sftvt' of his son’s interest in. the family oinuiiiH, though oven liien /his cOhanocs of succeeding'appeared; hopelessly remote.! How ever,: it is a matter 1 of, history that ho did auc> deed and ho is now possessed of an income approaching £70,000 a year.... j Hotho confession of v ;tho ilhoft ofdLady Dudley's jewels ;has(tuimod otit a fraud, and ■thereby proved an.'; additional illustration' of that peculiar nmnla for notoriety which ( pno oftho diseases of.thoago, It 1 was hardly likely that anyone, really,rimplioatodUn- the ■ crimp would .surrender Uimsblr Un Justice- hi so giatuitous a fashion, considering .that thp robbery - took. place, seven ,years.'ago. in the life-time of tho la'o Lord DUdloy, .when! the j jewel- case, wasocat-ridd l oil from tho . platform -pf-Paddington; station! . :< ■■■■'■> i ’ ,V Tho, hall which ithc>..Duchess >-of . West , minster was to haVo igivon last .Week,'-hat : Which was postponed owing to tho death of (Mr* W.H., Gladstone, took place last night ai Grpsypnor -House,;..after a dinner .-party* a i which 1 tho Duke and Duchess of >Tcck. and Princess Mary. were, present.' The Prince tOndPrincoss of Wales honored the 1 hall -with their, presence- and tho affair was of .thtf .most brilliant . possible description, Grosvcnoij House bohig an ideal- avenue, for any enter; tainmont of -thu.kind. Owing to (ho'ofomoncy of tho weather the largo gardens attached ter the mansion modem very -pleasant diversion! from tho hoat of a Crowded ballroom.;! By the bye, ,tl«0 daneo; last-night was not quite oil Uio .same scale as - some balls-have been .all ,'urosvonori House, when they, danced* in- both] the .two, great staterooms, witb itwo entire orchestras In attendance, ,n : j . ■,, j A marriage. will shortly take place < between Gaptoin.tho, Hqd. Frederick dtf -Moloyns. the ,e\dost son.pf Lord Yentry,:and Miss. Wilson,! daughter; -.of. Mr. Charles Wilson, Liberal /member, for , Hull, and niece-of Mr. Arthur] .Wilson/ of; Tran by Croft, Miss Wilson only ciuno out last season, and boinga.yory popu-i \- lar young. Jody, has not taken long, to find al inatc, , Captain do Molcyns has only recently! [returned, from-Melbourne, where ho wad. on ,tho plaff ,of his brother ,in law,* Lord; Hopc-i tdpn. j. He has. since,'rejoined bis;-regiment,' tj»e 4th H now .quartered at. Dublin* , , Madame P’atti will open her newtheotrd [Ofc.Craig-y-Nes, in, South. Wales-' on August 11th, when ; Mr. /Irylng will recite- a pro] loguo; and the first act of Traviata ■ will .be foliowod.' bytho garden scene-from; PahsLi Signor;. Arditi , js r.fco;. conduct!/thoorohestraJ whichw’M bo collected from-the. neighboring i town,, Oif : (Swansea. '■ Anothormight' Madame Patti, gives.a ball, which .wilLtako (place-ini the theatre, the-floor being raised by mechan ical moans to the loycl of the stage. (Jraig g-N cs, .is situated in ,a most isolated corner of laniprgapsbirp, and- it is, only [ natural , that ,iw owner, should .do.hen host to' enliven-the neighborhood, ... , .AJlr, Samuel 'Canliffe Lister, who has re cently. been - created a ;poer, has. posossed him-' tsolf of .so many-baronial halls -in itbo -county of Yorkshire tho,tho. has naturally a very considerable range of choice-in the; selection of a title,, Ho has,chosen, however, presum ably for want of a more high sounding desig nation, to be known as Lord, Mosham of Swintou Pprk, which is his customary resi dence., The title i s'a little suggestive of that .dashing hero.qE Mr. Solomoms burlesque, the Bed Hussar,-w,ho was/known as,Sir,Middlesex Mashem, and whose deportment :, was thoroughly in kooping- with, his,! assumed pati'onymic. 'I . caimot 'undorstand why Mr. Lister, ,as i one may..; still call him for,the moment, has been: tat such pains to buy so mansions In the same.-part iof.England. It is hardy possible, to be at home in more than one, and the rest must .hie maintained at a most unremunoratiyc cost- ~ ■ The, carriages in which the Queen appears in public are fitted; >vith. spring., cushions which greatly relievo the fatigue of acknow ledging salutes. As .the .carriage moves tho springs arc set iii; motion, and the lady seated; upon them,bows first.fo*the right and .then,to! the loft side of the road, over and .over .again.; Perhaps the German carriages. ace not fitted in a similar inannoiy for, the German Empress /during her recent.yjgit, seemed less at ease in ayailiDg-horsclr of ..the luocbabical aid-than pur,(Queen and the ; Princess of VValcS' -Whether the latter,ever*usos spring'cushions .no ono eaiii tell, as- heracknowledgement of hats raised and co.urjbesios dropped has all the lopit of spontancousncsß, it Is so. gracoful and natural. , . : 