'WVyclit.. AT BERKELEY HALL; Ott, A Talc That is Told. \--*+4-- lY PR.ESTON LEE OTLS. \---+++-- In faith, child, it was a start you gave me then, standing in your white frock before that portrait. I am grown old, nor, and more nervous than when in years gone by I found my mistress gazing at this same picture of the young lord and his first wife. The story of these very paintings it was I promised to tell you ? Very willing to speak am I of those days in which my thoughts still dwell, but you must bear with an old woman's humble speech. To begin, then, the old lord, Sir Arthur, was oni his death bhid when came the letter from Mr. IIarold in foreign lands. Long ago he had gone to Florida, in the States, and married a Spanish woman, since when his family knew but little of him. But now this'lettercame, pleading with Sir Arthur to take his only child, a daughter, and care for her in the home of her ancestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that lying on a bed of illness and nigh unto death, so great was his trust in liis brother that he had made arrangements for the child to depart for Berkeley Hall as soon as he was gone from her, knowing that her uncle would endeavor to take placo with herof father ahd mother. Sir Arthur, on reading this as a mes sage from the dead, was sore distressed, and bade me to him. "Mrs. Wilkins," lie said, his poor voice all tremulous like, " my brother, by this time awaiting me beyond the known, has sent his daughter to me to rear, and much I fear that I shall not be here to welcome her. So to you I give trust to make the little one happy until my son Arthur comes home to take charge of her." Thereupon gave I my solemn promise to do my best, being but a young thing my self, just turned of twenty-three, and not yet a year married. Mr. Arthur was the only son, and a deep grief was it to the old lord that he was not with him in his last extremity. But Mr. Arthur had travelled away two years sooner, crazed with the sorrow of his young wife's death, and for all he wrote regularly to the old lord lie made no mention of his back-coming. Yes, that is the young Sir Arthur and his wife. She was the daughter of a ineighboring gentleman, and handsome as you see, albeit too large for mly liking. "A fine-looking woman is mistress Elizabeth Berkeley," said everyone. But-big and strong though she seemed, she lay dead of a cold before they had been married four'months.; The young husband was like one mad when the brown hair and blue eyes were covered away from: hinim whereupon his father sent him to foreign countries to seek forgetfulness. But I was telling you-an old woman rambles, lassie, and it seems but yester-. day. these happenings. Vell, the old lord died and was laid sway where all the Berkeleys sleep, and in 'a fortnight or less came the little niece. Ali, but she wiasx fair to look upon, s-twas Miss Agatha Berkeley ! When she sat in the shadow, one thought she had her Spanish mother's: hair; but when she cariieforward in the'l light, though it still keititit deep. tone; it seemed that surely some of the cold. radiance of the moonlight in her Southernr country had warmed and melted in her tresses. And- though her' shining eyes were black as midnight, to watch her brows and lashes, ther skinwrmas fairnas lilies, minding me of nothing so much as of the spotless snow that lies against the charred trunks in the forest. She was fifteen when she came to ine, this pretty, pale creatuire, but so smiiall that she looked to be a child of eleven or twelve, and so pitiful in hir: black frock that my heart warmed to her ; so that in the years that came we grew fast friends, more like to sisters than mistiess and maid; for I served Miss Agatha as I had Mistress Elizabeth before her. 'Whlen Sir Arthur had been niotified of the old lord's death and his young cousin's arrival to us, he wrote that as yet ihe was not ready to return, but that Miss Agatha was to lhave all that befitted a Berkeley, enjoining upon Mr. Clark, his man of busi ness, the care of this, and of her gover nesses and masters. But whenl Miss .Agatha, amid noew scenes, put away- ber grief and became her gay. childlike. self again, she, and she alone, reigned at Berkeley Hall. The old lawyer ran down from London almost weekly to bring onegoverness atnd take away anithe'r; it' alltbecause Miss Agatha would hiave it so.- Truth to tell, as sweet` and lovely as she seemed, -shle had Satan's own temper, and a time of terror it weroehere when our pretty mis tress was crossed.in-any way.: But with me she wasnmiever angry. For one reason, it matterdd not the question, I gave way to hler, for heing so little older, not well could I take iuthirity. Perhaps it way have been as mTy husband--who was butler--said, that in this way I made her still more fiery and ungovernable; but God knows I always loveutl ny young mis tress,and would not willingly have harmed her. Well in some way time drifted by till Miss Agatha had ruled us four years, when, coming slowly into this picture gallery, oneevening,, I s sasrher all ,ini white standiing lik-e u ghostli?fore this picture of-Sir Arthur ?id Mistress :Eliza beth, his wife, as youstood b.iut justu no child. Being nineteinyeyrs of 'igo, my mistress was still a child's height;: i ender. anidI graceful. Perhaps' I am partial . o by gone days, hlit 1 think nroi, as thopght.l then, that never 'sai I so ?bieautiful 'a womann. \Well, she turned toward inc that evenihg and called me in her gentle voice : " itre, Wilkins." I went iup to her before the portrait: `. Wilkins," she said, " this is my cousin` Arthur and his wife ?' " Yes, Miss Agatha,I Ii answered,. wondering at thu strange tenderness in her voice. "' Why had thle tlio portrait made in'so odd a positio?" ' ?. I told:her then; as but yesterday I told you, how that .Mistress Eiizabetli hadI a fancy for being done in the pink and gray brocade she had worn the night Sir Arthur came a-courting, and how he, in his gay way, made mention that she had best be seated upon the same divan, with him standing to look down on her, even as he had done that time. And so the gay young things hal it painted, for all the old lord's teasing. And the day it was framed and hung, as I was seated here with my broidery, on account of it being a cool spot, in they canie all smiles and happiness, to stand before it and praise or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth. laughed at the admiration the artist had caught into her husbanid's handsome face, and lie vowed hers not half hanidsome enough to'give her justice, scribbling with his pencil upion the franme "The Eventful Moment," as I myself read when they were gone. Well, all this and much more I told Miss Agatha, she questioning me, in terested, in her pretty way. I spoke to her of his grief, how he had sought foreign wanderings, and her large black eyes filled with tears. " Wilkins," she asked slowly, "do you know I like his face 1 I love it ! Do you think that my cousin will ever. -coime home? I should try to comfort him and I could do it. I could indeed, Wil kins!" Ah, she was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. Well, just then behind us a step sounded, and 1 turned to see Sir Arthur! Older, browner, handsomer, but still Sir Arthur. His eyes sprang to meet those of, the womant in the portrait, and. ho stood still in a kind of spell-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, slhe tuned paling to the window, after a glimpse of his stern, sorrowful face. Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, like one rousing from a swoon, and for the first time seemed to see me. "How are you, Mrs. Wilkins ?" he said, in his old, hearty way. " And is that my little cousin over there I" At this Miss Agatha rose from the win dow seat and came forward, putting her slender hand into his strong clasp. . Much astonied was Sir Arthur to find his cousin such a woman, for he had thought of her only as a chill, forgetting that time had stood not still at Berkeley to await his coming. In the days that came I was always with them, sitting, as need be, at a respectful distance with my work; and well 1 know, long before Sir Arthur or my pretty lady herself, that her heart was longing for his love. Alt, well, child, it was not strange. She had loved him before she saw him, and now that lie had come he was bonny to look upon, inud always with the ladies had he a way that was tender and chival rous. The old forests where she had wandered alone now know .two young beings rambl ing in the shadeo; for hours they rode to gether, and long talks had they. Even as lhispresence was happiness to her, so lihe never seemed to tire of her playful ways, her soft, slow, sweet voice, her ovi dent liking. Rtarely looked Sir Arthur in those days upon the portrait called?A.,Tho Eventful Moment," though often camne hiawlth his cousin for a romping game of battledore or graces in the long gallery. Some months had gone on in this way, and 3Miss Agatha grew each day more gentle and sweet till well-nigh had we for gotten her terrible rages, when one ceen ing slie entered her room to roboefor diunoner. I had left her amoment since readiiig alone, in the library, but when I glanced up at her I saw she was pale like death, andliad her white teetI' set cruelly over;her lip. . S" Yodu maygo,". she said quickly, seeo inig iijy look. '."I shall attend to iny own costumeo tb:onight. I left:li hr;at once, for .I saw she was 'angry, and wondering what the cause, I1.wandered in here.. Then I knew.' ?.On a ncouel before this picture lay Sir Arthur, hIis oe s fixed iupon the picture of liis handsome wife., He did not hear my coming, and event as I. stood thunder struck, a shddering sob shook him; and he said alouiid: "- So 'oon, mny Elizabeth ?" Noiselessly I reotreated anid sought my misistress: -If 'she had "seen aid heard auiight that I had her poor loving hesrt must be near to breaking. WVlen I entered" thb- room she was standitg before tre long mirror, unfasten ing her splendid Ihair. As it fell heavily beside her lpale face, it was like heavy smoke drooping on a snow-clad roof. "MIadam," I questioned, wondering at my own bravery, "what gown shall I make ready ?" "Did I not tell you that 1 should not need you ?" she answered slowly, like one whose thoughts are far away. Without answer I took down a green gown, mieshed over with white lace, one in which Sir Arthur hlad likened hier to a sea-waye with the crest of foam breakiung over. ' "It is in this gown that niy mIaster likes best to see you," I ventured again. Ahl, siy dear, I fear I should not be so courageous nowadays. She turned fiercely, and I thought her angry eyes would burs through mie for an instant; tlhe she east herself down in a wild passion of tears. "Oh," she cried, and never shall I forget the agonised voice, "oh,' Wilkins, you know it I You lhaeo seen that I love him ! And--and have I shlown him ?" in a broken whisper. " No--oh, my poor child, no !" I made loving lhaste to say. " It-he- Sir Arthlur loves his cousin, and knows that she loves him in-in that way; that is all ; believe me, that is all." \- In souse degree was she comforted, but her grief aid ishame overuvhlelmed hier for a timse, and it was long ere I was pIermit ted to robe her in the sea-wave gown;i and then, indeed, what with hier pallor, she was more like a spring snowdrop. For all I could see, mIy lord was as usual at dinner--a fine gentleman he, with his powdered hair and rich attire and so Niss Agatha, ayo that sIIo spoke seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I sawiSir Arthur look at her curiously once or twice, but he said naught; only when lie was filislied 'offered his arm to lead her to the music room, I following and sitting near the window, as was my w ont. SirArtlhur seated his cousin in a high backed chair before the spinet, and then she spoke in a voice which was half a sob : , I care not to sing to-nigDht." But my lord'insisted, though he-saiv she wished to refuse; and presently her white hands fell on the keys, and she ran oer. the prelude. Wheti the sweet voice caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair close and sat listening with his eyes fixed on Miss Agatlia's face. "I am thinking of thee alwI;I-withi a love undreamed before; I am longing for thee alway-lay this tlought unto thy heart-" Suddenly her voice died Awa:y and her nervous hatids cralseld discord down the keys. "I cannot sing. to-night, iny cousin," she said, answering his startled look. "Not that ballad, but it may be I shall do better with some other." Over Sir Arthur's face flashed a won dering expression. Then he said with a gaiety strange and iew: :. '"I cry your pardoni, cousin, but we most have our same ballad to the very end." Not if I cannot sing it," she said, gently. "And if you cannot, why ? Did you not sound that sweet voice - through all the strain but a week iigo ? And does the nightingale forget hier notes so soon ? Try again." And so poor Miss Agatha was forced to sing the ballad.. And I, in sympathy with her wounded heiart, understood the trembling tones in- whiclh at last she finished : SWhen the glowing crescent cradle gleamed that night from out the skies Then he spoke to me with language-he had told me with his eyes." As these, last words died away Miss Agatha turned 'slightly, with a faint smile, and met Sir Arthur's eyes. All the truant blood flushed into the white throat and face to meet Ihis gaze. As for himi, ihe had gone quite pale, crushing the music in Ihis hand and leaning for ward. "Al,, Agatha, have 1 indeed told you what I have so hardly struggled to con ceal 1" I heard himi whisper softly. Even while joy for lihe filled my lieart, I saw her draw back in scorn. " My lord, you forget Mistress Eliza beth Berkeley i" she said. Ay, it was a cruel word she spake, and forgetting myself in dismay, I had al most sprung towird her wlhen I heard his voice once more. "I do, sweet Agatha, though, 'as seemed more meet, I tried riot to lose Iser from isoy thoughts. But a mat can not choose but render sup his love with those black eyes upon him." When I perceived from her face that not again would she scorn her happiness, I fled away and left the twain, rejoicing that it was so. Well, they were married at once, and for all they loved each other truly, they were not happy. Poor Lady Agatha was jealous, of the portrait of Mistress Elizabeth: she could not brook to see her hlisband looking so at her in the picture. Well do I remem ber when she mado a silk curtain and hung the portrait over. As I said just now, lshe was always a bit fanciful and childlike. Scarce had I, assisting lier, completed the hanging of the silk, when-in came my lord. We hns he saw what she had been about, his brow contracted as though some sudden pain beset him, and Ihe questioned : "Is this well done, Agatha ?" "Ay, sir," she answered steadily. ' It is well done for my peaceof mind, though not, perchance, for your desires." And with. that ,she ran past us bdllth like a mad creature, and flung herself .sobbing on her bed. StirArthur,nalways ns. forhearinseason_ the night of their betrothal, suffered the curtain to remain without furtherspeech, and shortly after yielded to hiis wife's wish .to have their portraits painted, seated, as on that evening in the stusic room. Indeed, lie refused lher notlhing, and when she bade him hard Is name let into the wood-work of the frame le complied with but little delay,.tlhough she would not tell him wherefore :she wished it. "A -Pause in the ousici, shIe lhadd chosen, and though always it sounds to me like a fancy picture, yet it was her desire. : . One evening, whei 'for some reason she seemed sadly low-spirited, Sir Arthur drew her in here' for a game of romps; but she went and stood before liher own portrait, hanging beside the 'curtained one. Whlen her husband came' to her side, she turned suddenly, leaning against him, and said sadly :. "Alh, Arthur, it was an unhippy mnio ment when into the music of your life I brought my . discordant notes. The music paused-nover again to be so sweet," At this, comproehending hler whlim of tile name, Sir Arthur was sore wounded; but iee reproved her gently for her idle fancies, and presently she grew quite gay in assurances of hIsis tender love. But it was only for the time. Matters wont from bad to worse, and msy mistress grew more lhard to hear with eachl day. For tfie first time she quarrelled with nme, hier ever faithlful maid, and Iher fits of passion cane oftener and lasted longer. As a revelation did it comse to Sir Arthur hler uncontrollable temper. Alvays hlavoe I believed thalt tie lpoor child was near dist.raught for fear hler hlusband should love better tihe dead wife tlhan the living. Often wondered I at Iris marvellous patience with hcis passionate wife, for sie wvould have caused a saint to wax wratlh, thoughl I speak egainst one dead and gone. Well, oneo evening, to make a long story short, my lord snd lady sat at tea, and it was I waso served thlem. Presently my mcistress asked hler hlusband if his tea were to his liking. Placsantly enoughl he ansswvered, ie his joking wSay, that it hlad been made sweeter for hIim in days gone by. MIy lord thloughlt of his indlulgent mothler and his days of boyhood, but mcy mistress was in a lwhite rage directly. " \Would to goodness the Mistress Elizabeth were hecre to snake it for you !" she cried, ic her insane jealousy, and cro he or I sap wleht she did, shoe had flung thle warme ten full in his face. I stood deprived by fear of motion, but my lord, for the first time in a longlife, hlad lost control of hIis temper. Dashling tihe tea from hlis face, and strode to her side, and oh, it was an evil moment in which he did such a cruel act I for in far I less time than I tell you in, he had lifted the bare, pretty arm and broken it against I his knee I I My lady sank back fainting, and my lord, when lie saw me dart to her side, got himself away. Well, lie sent off at once for a surgeon, and the arm was set, and much was the wonderment as to the breaking. I could only say that I had found her lying so. When she came to herself again I was sitting by her s;ide, and never shall I for get the anguished look when she saw the bandaged arm and took remembrance of what had happened. Sithe turned toward me with wide-stretched eyes. "You will not let him come in, Wil. kins i' "No, my lady," I prom;iseda mournfully, asidpresently she slept. '-But poor Sir Arthur's remorse was dreadful to witness. . .Y"How can I ever blame poor Agatha's lack of self- control," lie would groan, Y" when' my sinful temper has led me to so brutal al act ? Do you think she Will see me to-morrow, Wilkins I" But though on my knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, she steadfastly re fused each day to see him. When I spoke of Ihis agonising remorse, she interrupted no. m "Wilkins, will you carry my husband a message from me ?' S"That will I,' I answered, right gladly, for methought she had relented of her harshness. "Tell hint from me,.then," she said, and her voice knew no tremor, "'that never inothis' world, or the next, do I wish to see his face again." SOh, my lady,'! I.begged, almost stunned, "do not ask me to' tell him that 1" "You promised. Go !" she said, coldly, and, with tears streaming from my eyes, I went;. Sir Arthur lifted toward me, when I entered to him, a face which had aged five years in a fortnight. " Well, Wilkins ?" he said, a faint hope brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that cruel message, I know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, I fourd myself back with my lady, and shivering like one in an ague. No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, for the time, I hated her. Whensshe could have come from her room, but kept it, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and when he saw tliat it was even so, he handed me, one day, a largo envelope thick with contents, ask ing that I give it unto miy mistress. She perused the document coldly, and re placing it, baddime carry it.hack,.at which my lord inquired eagerly if his wife re lented of her coldness. When I answered him nay, a look of blank despair fell over the handsome face. He toldme tile envelope contained his commission, and that he should go away on the morrow to servo the king, seeing that he could not his wife. And my heart bled for him when hI said lie could not ride until he had seen her. So Lmade bold to bid him follow me to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. When lihe entered in I shrank back amid the hangings, afraid for this thing that I had done. My lady sat gazing from her window, and did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it me, until, struck by the silence; she turned and saw lier" hus band. " Yon!" she said, in a voice mingling fear with scorn. " You I" " I am come to say good-bye, Agatha," lie answered, cut to the heart bylook and tone. Then quoth uny cruel lady; with hand outstretched to tle doorc' : Sobe it, fare thee well, Sir Arthur." He turned; leaving her presence, and hiid face was that of the old lord, lis fathler, when he had lain dead in his coflin. And so my mistress let himn away witllh out word of forgiveness or wifely love, even though her heart raged in her bosoms through worship of lhim. But site chide me not for the bringing of him to her chamber.. : ..,For.cmanl months we led a righlit lonely life in Berkeley Hall. My master wrote iiost regularly. to his harsh lady, and each letter she 'read with indifferent mien, handing it therewith to me, that the ser vants might know how theirnmasterfared. This newsa carried I.to the servants hall, and of the war, but knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionate tenderness and pleading for forgiveness which filled his pages. Never a line of good or ill did iny mis tress pen, held by lier wicked pride. But when the winter came on severe, and the great house grew chill and draughty, then did she grow each day more unlike her self. Nollonger did she read, or sing, or run, childlike, through the great halls.; Hours now she passed gazing out at the snow-clad forests and gray skies; and oft times at night, when the gusty winds roared through the cracking trees and whistled sharply at the house corners, would I see her straining her eyes out through the darkness. And oni one such a night I found her weeping in the win dow seat, and I know she pondered on my lord, homeless, and battling not alone with men, but with fierceness of the ele nmen's and a despairing heart. It was then I plucked up courage to beseech my lady to write and bid her hus band home again, knowing how that she had forgiven liim long since. Which samie, after much bitter sobbing on my bosom, imy lady did. But for liher stub born pride now was sle punished by a waiting long and grievous to be borne, in which we heard niot from SirArtllhur, save rumors of battles hard-fought, won and lost, and of nlany killed and wounded. In tile early spring my mistress fell ill unto death, and after siany weeks, in which it s neemed that tile struggling soul mnust surely escape the fragile little body, I robed liher once more, and carried hier down to thle great hall where she liked best to be. And I think we both wept for very hIappiness that she lhad inot fled away during those mionths of suffering. And now shIe saw that it was sunmnuer tinme for the trees were hIeavy-leaved and the grass sprung greeiily, iand still liher one thouglht was for thie warrior hIusband for whom in silence shelo had grieved herself down inlto thie shadow of death. As the hot days dragged bywe saw that health was not for liher again unless tile absent came. For shile grow no stronger, and lwhen I lifted liher fromn chair to couch, or carried liher along the stairway, almost it was as though I held my own infant in iny ;trms. One esoCing, whena I had cushlioned liher in thie deep windown seat, witll the sashes all thrown wide that she might feel the faint breezes steal across her wan face, she spoke to me of this. "Wilkins, do you think he will come quickly ?" And I, knowing of whom she thought, made haste to answer : "Surely, my lady; in a few weeks now, at the utmost," 704 "But Wilkins," her answer came, mingled with a sob, so weak was she, poor lamb, that scarce could she speak without tears, " but oh, Wilkins, then I may not be hero I" So choked was I with the fear that she spake the truth, that I could only knieel at her side and kiss the thin hands. With that she looked at me keenly, and reading my face drew in her breatlh sharply once or twice, as a persona wakened suddenly from deep sleep, theit turned her face again to watch the stars, calm and bright above earthly unrest and gloom. Presently I sank low on the floor, lean ing my head lightly against my mistress, and so we sat far into the star-lit night. But boethinking myself of her feeble state, I besought her to allow mo to bear lier to her chamber, and when she answered me not, a cold fear sprang, like a clutch ing hand, to my heart, for I saw that she had swooned. The next day my lady asked me if I would roudcr er a service. " What would I not ?" I asked, where upon quoth she : " Whlen I am gond, do you tear the silken covering from the portrait of my husband and Mistress Elizabeth, and should he come again, tell him I bade it done. But firmly amn I persuaded thatin another world he sees my sorrow and re pentance, and I myself will have his love and pardon ere many days." - Nevertheless, she said to me, a little later in the day: " I am trying hard to await Ihis coming, but it is so long-so wearily long I" and again : " Ah, many and many a break was there in the two-fold music of our lives! Mine were the discordances and the failures. Tell Arthur that now I have paused to take breath forsan endless har mony.". .. No, it had not been a happy marriage, that of my lord and my lady, andyet they loved each other." My lady's Spanish blood had spoiled her for ans English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gave him no clue to the wild pas sions and changing moods in the woman he had won. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lower, and all were despairing of her life, when my lordcamo home. Riding hard he came, mud-ho spattered and travel-worn, dashing up to the great hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown the stair was I coming when I saw him on the threshold, and as one paralysed I stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But my master strode across the hall and up the stair to where Ihalted, his jingling spurs and clanking sword lsounding- atrangelyharahl in that quiet house. " God save you, good Wilkins," he said, merrily. "' Do you mistake a man for a ghost thlit you stand and stare? Where bides my dear lady 1" - And then methinks he must have seen trouble in my face, for lie grasped my arm so that it was blue for many days, and demanded hoarsely : "May it please you, sir," I said at last. " my mistress is very ill ; I fear this sud den joy will kill her. Let me tell her you are here, lest--" "No, no ! my sweetheart will not die of me!" lie cried. "And love shall snatch her from the very grave !" He sprang past me and into the chainm bder of miy mistress. I heard a wild scream, and then sank trembling on the stair; for only that day the doctor had said a sudden shock would kill my pour lamb. . BIit, all 11 need not have whiaipered so vainly, for froin the hour of Sir Arthur's coming Mistress Agatha rallied; and when at last she came down stairs again, her dark eyes soft and tender with happi. ness, her husband carried her, not I.. In truth, even had he: not grudged met that sweet service, she had grown much too heavy for my poor arms. This picture of Mistress'Elizabeth was presently uncovered by my lady's own hiands, -and in the days to come often stood she before it with her husband, n'i miring its fair beauty with never as trace of jealousyj or anger left in her chastened heart. For love and suffering had done in her their work. MaIny years. have passed since then; child. -'I am an old, old waomaia, out living husband, master, mistress, all I loved. -I can. only. wait patiently. fur the brief days to end which separate my dear ones from the fusid heart that loved them so, and whsich is faithful still. 