I TALES AND SKETCHES, m e . the world, the flesh and the devil. I BY MISS BliADDON. All Rights Reserved. I Chapter II.— Throggh a Glass Dtmrr.w. I n opm hou was not Brilliantly filled. S„welf a,Brcat. many Important' fu'notiond I S i i I®!0"1"5, evonts thiokening as the H i,on. sloped towards its close. n»<l if. mnv I puffed or H T hlU not bcou sufficiently yr the zal muaio lovers who can nt'. 00 mMo11 Mozart are only the o ne 3! Tug opcni eora- There were a good S in i "Pfl3 m tbs mul a good H (ltiDionH i BoxeB, nor was the display of I CS "" Uty as splendid as it might I oltlnf r 08 &t; Ba'f power Mrs. Champion's B £ '», Bnd- Mrs- Champion's tiara I dreued ntil. M 1 1,8 ?n»l"euous. She was iwcialiiv lo careless air whioh was her i S r whM S0m0 fiImy fabti0 of daffolIil I A? T arranged in loose folds across B uudthero ob r ? T8' tho fo,d8 chught here B A great cln>to £aml<, wltu a diamond star. I us one shnnl I of yellow orchids was fastened I PiPDEil n' i iri a? , tllero wcre yellow oroliids |S«?!oklfct/M' wl'ilo long blaok B toilette H« . -o£ oooontricity" to her B M to' be d?rr "9i. c Ject m dressing herself BB£ferworoth«S' 0t. or womcn- She B fabr o lo,f aS1,0.na1b!0 color oe 'Be fashion- B Infinite rains L. ft0! ln 0Peos'«on( and took B A'ienua n i i "Qme uiS . >n Paris or I don, " noBody was wcariug in Lon- I "Sri net0 b,'irins 'Tic wB'o'i closes the I 'to scenes thnt nro - pi'c808 the horror of I b'"lia.it finhh Xnpm8,7?" hurrying to its I upon the stnlln ct. !! 9er?'d' looking idly down R Bad mystified 'i,n. at sight of tho man who Being had oV„. more than any other human I Place between w' lounging in his I Jermyn annarooii C0.upPc'1 seats> Be saw Mr. I !liatkcenenffi«ioiL6niJ?lll8 .t'le musie with I 'over can feel 8'lm wBich only the real musio I 'Bin, pah itm Bead was thrown hack, his IfeSrSasrasss&'V-'s I Wlersdtm totallf l ot-4ha man tccalled Gerard I dona nftertho e,oo,/Ua"!e" J11;011 : was ' to ' Be I hi'mon3 Z !lad ,fal,len' and Bis B carriage.' fren . Boen handod into their I aald be in his wi " ln a Bnnsom, and lie 1 f"ase for dclav r?88'.- tbcre would bo no I bi"? "'c clock of sf t"10 puld have 'come Nmght Bi ui i James s Church strook i '"voluntarily Jm? ooked at his. pistol case evening. He ,be ?"» dressing for tho |H aod c0o«T!Crc.l.tstooJ tody t Bis l0,c bes|de 'he pistol case was a business like letter from his landlord requesting the settlement of a long account for rent and maintenance— only such breakfasts and casual mealB as a young mail of fashion takes at his lodgings 'Which had mounted to formidable figures. And an ounce of lead was to he tho solo settlement. For tho first time in his life air. llillersilon felt sorry for thoso eminently respectable people, his landlord and landlady, lie uegnn to question whether ho ought not at' least to shoot himself out of doors, rather than to inflict upon au old established lodging house the stigmn of a suicide ; but the inconvcnicnco or selr destruction Ritbjov'c was too apparent to him, and ho felt that ho must ho selfish in this final not of a purely -elfish life. Yes, there sat Justin J erinyn, complacent, full of enjoyment: tho man who had told him what he was going to do. How the modern sorcerer would pride him self upon that- foreknowledge to-morrow whon tho evening papers told of the deed that had been done— there would doubtless be a para graph in the papers — throe lines at most — and ficrliaps a line on tho contents bill,- Distress- isg Suicide of a Gentleman', Suicides are always described as distressing when the solf slaughterer is of gentle blood. Ho felt. angry with Jermyn for having con- tnved to haunt those last hours of his life. He sat watching the sorcerer all through tho last act or the opera, noting his elfin enjoyment of all that was diabolical in tho musio and tho libretto. How ho grinned at the discomfiture of Don Giovanni, how ho rocked himself with laughter at the ahjcot terror of Lcperollo. No one approached him as an acquaintance. Ho sat in complete isolation, but in supreme enjoy ment, apparently the happiest man in that great theatre, tiro youngest and tho freshest in tho capacity to enjoy. "And that laughing fool read my purpose as if .my brain had been an open book," mused Hiliersdon, savagely. His anger was not lessoned when be glanced round wliilo ho was conducting Mrs. Champion to her carringe, and saw the Fato rcadcrs's slim, supple figure behind him, and the Fate reader's gnome like countenance smiling at him under an opera lint. "I am so sorry you are leaving London so soon," said Mrs. Champion, as ho lingered at tho carriage door for tho ono half minute allowed by tho jack in office at his olbow. . She gave him her hand, and even pressed tho hand which hold hers, with more sentiment than she was wont to show. "Drive on, coaohmnn," shouted the Com missionaire. No time for sentimoutuL partings there ! Hiliersdon walked nut of tho covered colonnade, meaning to pick up the first hansom that offered itsolf. He had not gone threo slops along tho Bow-street pavement when Jeimyn was oloso beside him. "Are you going home, Mr, Hiliersdon?" ho asked, in a friendly tone. "Delightful opera, 'Don Giovanni,' ain't it? Tho best out and away. 'Faust is my next favorite ; but even Gounod can't touch Mozart." " I daresay not ; hut I am no connoissour. Good-night, Mr. Jcrinyn, I am going home immediately." "Don't. Como and have some supper with me. I only half told your fortune this after noon, you were so deucedly impatient. I have a good deal more to tell you. Come and have some suppor in my chambers." " Somo other night, perhaps, Ma. Jermyn. I am going straight Tiomc." " And you mean there shall he no other nights in yonr life?" said Jcrinyu, in a low, silky voice that made Hiliersdon savage, for it jarrod upon his irritated nerves more than the harshest accents could have done. "Good-night," lie said, curtly, turning on his heel. Jermyn was not to be repulsed. "Come homo with mo," bo said; "I won't leave you while you have tho suicide's lino oil your forehead. Come to supper with me, Hiliersdon. I have a brand of champagne that will smootli out that ugly wrinkle, if you'll only give tho stulf a fair trinl." " I don't know whore you live, and I don't caro a jot for your wines or anybody else's ; I am leaving town to-morrow, morning, and I want my last hours in London for my own purposes," Jermyn put his arm through Hillcradon's, Wheeled him round in the direction of Longacro, ana quietly led mm away. That was his answer to Hiilersdon's testy speech, and tho young man' submitted, feeling a vis inertia ', a languid indiffereuco which made him consentient to a strangor's will, having lost all will power of his own. Ho was angry witli Jermyn, yot even more angry with himself, and in that stormy sense' of indignation, tempered curiously with supineness, he took but little note of whioh way they weut. Here mcmbered going by Linooln's Inn Fields and the Turnstile. He remembered crossing Hol- born, but knew not afterwards whether tho shabby, squalid looking inn beneath whose gloomy gatehouse Jermyn led him did or did not, open directly out of the great thorough- fare. Ho remembered always that it was a most dismal looking concatenation of tali, shabby houses, forming a quadrangle, in whose stony centre there was a dilapidated basin, whioh might once have been a fountain. The summer moon, riding high and fast amid wind tossed clouds, shone full into tho stony yard, and lit up the shabby fronts of tho houses, but not ono lamp- lit window cheered with the suggestion of lifo and occupation. " Do yon moan to say yon live in this ghastly hole ?" he oxclaimcd, speaking for the first time since they left Bow-street ; " it looks as if it wore tenanted by a company of ghosts." " A good many of the houses are empty, and I dare say tho ghosts of dead usurers and dis honest lawyers and broken hearted olicnts do havo a high timo in the old rooms now and again," answered Jormyn, with his irropressiblo laugh; " but I havo never seen any company but rats, mioo and suoh small door, as Bacon says. Of course, ho teas Bacon. We're all agreed upon that." Hiliersdon ignored this frivolity, and stood dumbly, whilo Jermyn put his key into a door, opened it, and led the way into a passage that was pitch dark. Not a pleasant situation to bo alono in n dark passage at midnight in a soarcoly inhabited block of buildings quito out off from tho rest of tho world with a man whose repute was decidedly diabolical. Jcrinyn struok a match and lighted a small hand lamp, whioh improved the situation just a little. "This is my den," ho said, "and I'vo made tho plaoe 'pretty oomfort'able inside, though it looks ratlier uncanny outside." Ho led the way up an old oak staircase, narrow, shabby and unadorned, but oak pan- oiled, and therefore preoious in the oyea of 'those who cling fondly to the- past and to that old London which la so swiftly vanishing off tho face of tho earth. The little lamp gave but just light enough to make the darkness of the staircase visible, till tlioy canie too landing where the moon looked in through the murky panes of a tall window, and anon to a higher landing, where a vivid streak of lamplight under a door gave the first token of habitation, Jormyn oponed this door, and bis guest stood half blinded by the brilliant light, and not a little astonished by the elegant luxury of those two rooms, opening into each other witli a wide archway, which Mr. Jermyn lu'.il called his "den." Hiliersdon hud boen in many bachelor rooms diml'V,. v pr,:ci,,,ch ,"f Tl'<> Albany, in I'icca- duly, St. Jnmoss ninl Mnyfnir, but ho had seen nothing more studiously luxurious that the Fate reader a uon. Heavy velvet curtains, ofdaikish green, drnpod the shuttered windows, 'rise ingle-nook was quaint, artistic, comfortable, tho glistening tiles were decorated witli storks nnd sea birds, which might havo been painted by fjtacey Marks himself. The furniture was all r?ati,-" most, ''are- and genuine in the relics of till CI"pieiKl»lo era. 'Tho carpet was a marvel of qrieiitnl undertones, and Oriental richness of fabric. The few pieces of pottery which made spots of vivid color here and there nmiilst tho prevailing sombrenesa of hue wore choicest specimens of Indian and Italian ware. The pictures were few. A Judas, by Titian; a woou nymph, naked and unashamed, against a dark background of foliage, by Guido; and throe curious bits of the early German school, made up tlio show of art, save for a bust of the Fntc-roadcr in black marble, a curiously faithful likeness, in which the fawn-liko character of the bead, and the elfin smile, wore but slightly accentuated. This bust stood upon a pedestal of dark red marble, and scorned to command the room. Tho inner room was furnished as a library. There the lamps wore shaded and tile light sub dued. Here under tho centre lamp that hung low ovor the small, round dining table appeared all the arrangements for-a dainty little supper. Two covered dishes on a chafing tlish; a trutiled pullet and miniature York 1mm, a lobster salad, stra wherries, poaches, champagne iii a brazen ice pail, ornamented witli.Bacohanaliau figures, in repousse work. " My sorvnnt hns gone to hod," said Jermyn, "but he has left every thing ready, and wo can wait upon eacli other. Cutlets, salmi anx olives," he said, lifting the covers ; " which may I give you J" "Neither, thanks. I told you I had no appe tite." " Discouraging to a man who is as hungry as a hunter," retorted Jermyn, helping himself. " Try that Madeira, it may give you an appe tite." Hiliersdon seated himself opposite his host and took a glass of wine. His curiosity was stimu lated by the fate reader's surroundings ; anil, after all, tho tiling which he had to do "might stand ovor for a few hours. He could not help being ltd created in this young man, who cither by in stinct or a happy guess had fathomed his pur pose. Tho luxury of thoso rooms piqued him, so striking a contrast witli tho slmhhiness of his own West Hud lodging, albeit that lodging was far from cheap. Ho was supposed to pay for "situation." Of luxury ho had nothing, of comfort very little. How did Jormyn contrive to be so well off, he wondered ? Did lie live by fate reading, or had lie means of his own? Jermyn was eating his suppor all this while, and with a fine appetite and an epicurean gusto. After a couple of glasses of Madeira, his guest helped himself to lobster salad, and when Jermyn opened the champagne the two men wore hob nobbing comfortably, and, that wino being choice of its kind and admirably iced, Hiliers don drank tho best part of a bottle, and found himself enjoying hi3 supper more than he had enjoyed anything in the way of meat and drink for a long time. The conversation during supper was of the ligiitest, Jermyn lotting off his criticisms, mostly unfavorable, upon people known to them both, and laughing tremendously at his own wit. He was carefnl not to mention Mrs. Champion, however, and Hiliersdon had no objection to spatter mml upon tho ruck of his acquaintance. Supper over, and a box of cigars open between them, with a silver spirit lamp shaped like a neiqiont offering its flaming jaws for their use, the liien grew more serious. It was past ono o'clock. They had been a long time over their supper, and they seemed no longer strangers— intimates, rather, not united by any particular ost'eem for each other, but one in their contempt for other people. "Tho champagne lias wiped out that ugly wrinkle already," said Jermyn, with his friendly air; "and now tell mo what could induce you to contemplate such a tiling. " "What thing?" asked Hiliersdon, waxing moody. Jcrinyn's reply was pantomimic. He passed his hand across his threat, significant of a razor ; he turned his hand towards his open mouth, suggestive of a pistol ; lie tossed olf an imagi-. nary poison cup. "You insist upon suggesting " began Hiliersdon, angrily. "I tell you I saw it in your face. The man who ' contemplates suicide has a look whioh no man who reads the human countenance can mis take. There is a fixed horror in the eyos, as of one who stares into the unknown, and knows that he is nearing tho mystery of life and death. There are perplexed lines about the brow, 'shall I or shall I not?' and there is a norvons hurry, as of one who wants to get n disagreeable busi ness over as soon as may bo. I havo never been mistaken yet in that look. Why, ray dear fellow, why ? Surely, lifo at eight and twenty is too precious a thing to he frittered away for a trifle. " 'You take my lifo whon you do take the means by whioh I live,' " quoted Hillorsdou. " Bacon again ! That follow lias something to say about everything. You imply that you arc impecunious, and would rather bo dead than penniless." " Take it so,. if you please." " Good. Now how can you tell that fortune is not waiting for you at some turn in the road ; you know not that road of the future which no inan knows till he trcadB it. So long as a man is alive he has always a chance of becoming a millionaire. So long as a woman is unmarried there is always the possibility of her being made a duchess." "Tho chance of fortune in my caso is so remote that it is not wortli considering. I am the younger son of a younger son, I havo no relative living likely to loavo mo tho smallest legaoy. Unless I . could make a fortune by literature I havo no ohanco of making one by any exertion' of my own, and my second book was so dire a failure that I havo it not in me to write a third." " Fortunes drop from the olouds sometimes. Have you nevor done any rioh man a service which might prompt him— when distributing superfluous' thousands— to leave a few to' you?" " Never, within my recollootion." " Como now, looking baok at' your life, is there no aot in it of whioh you might fairly be proud, no touch of the heroic,, no deed worthy a paragraph iii tho papers." " None. I onco saved an old man's life, but I doubt if the life were worth saving, since tho old wretch did not trouble himself to thank mo for having risked ray own life in his service." " Yoiroaved an old man's life, at hazard of your own 1 Come, that sounds heroie," cried Jcriieyn, flinging his fair head back against tho blackish green of tho velvot chair oover, and laughing with all his might. The blaok bust sbowed a little to the left, above the lovol of liia head, and it scorned to Hiliersdon that tho black face was laughing as broadly as tho white one. "Tell mo the whole story— prey now— it sounds absolutely hemic," urged Jermyn. _ "There is. very little to tell," replied Hiliers don coolly, " Nothing either to laugh at or to be thrilled by. I did only what any other aotivc young man would have done in my CunicdiatrSh!1 It'was aNicc! 'yoknow train. It was at carnival time, dusk, and a great many people were going back to .'Cannes. arrivedCfromnothcr train g'2g cttvS was making for the platform, when a grcat'high engine bore steadily down upon him, by no moans nt express speed, but fast enough to Aii instant more and that vast mass of iron would have cut him down and dashed tho life out of- him. I had but timo to drag him out of the track before tho cngino passed me, brusinng my shoulder us it weut by, I took him to the platform. Hardly anyone had seen our adven- turo. I had a friend with mo at the station, with whom I lunched at the Cosmopolitan, and who had insisted on seeing me off. I told liim briefly what had happened, left the old man xn his care, and rushed back to look for my own train, which X caught by tho skin of my tenth. . "And tho old churl never thanked you ?" 'Not by a word. His only remark was an inquiry about his umbrella, whioh had fallen out of his hand when I plucked him from tho jaws of death, I believe lie teltliimself aggrieved because I had not rescued his umbrella as well as himself." " AVns i ho English, do you think ?" Distinctly British. A Frenchman or Italian would at least have been loquacious, if not grateful." "Tho shock may havo made him speech less." " Ho found speech to inquire after his um brella." " True, that looked black," said Jermyn, laughing; "I'm afraid he must have been a thankless old dog. And you never troubled to find out who he was, I suppose — what man ner of man you had snatched from sudden death ?" "I had not the slightest interest in his identity." " So ! Well, now, let us talk still further of yoursolf and your prospects. You know that people call mo the Fato reader. Now I have a fancy that your fortunes are on the threshold of a great change — and that, apart from tho folly of anticipating death, the inevitable, in your case it may be very much worth your while to live." " You aro vaguo and general. What form of good fortune do you predict for mo ?" " I pretend to no gift of prophecy. I only profess tho power of insight. I can rend what men aro— not what is going to happen to tiiem ; but, as in many oases character is fate, I have' been able to hazard some shrewd guesses about tho future." " And in my caso, whntare your gucssos ?" " I would rather not tell you." "Tho outlook is nbt satisfactory, then ?" "Not altogether. Tho character of a man who at 28 can contemplate suicide as the short est way out of his embarrassments is not a oharaoter that promises well. I am frank, you soo." " Vastly frank." "Don't be angry," laughed Jermyn ; " I pre tend to ho no hero myself, and if I were very hard up, or very much bored, I daresay I too might think of a bullet or a dose of prussie noid. Only that kind of idea argues a character at onco weak and selfish. The man who takes his own life runs away from the universal battle, and shows a selfish indifference to thoso he leaves behind in whose minds the memory of his death will be a lasting pain." " My poor mother," sighed Hiliersdon, recog nising the truth of this assertion. "You would havo killed yourself because you were ennuied and unhappy ; because you havo wasted opportunities, and given tho best years of your life to a hopeless passion. Your reasons were not strong enough ; and even if I were'not hero to demonstrate your folly, I think your hand must have faltered at the last moment, and you would have asked yourself— Is the out look so very black after all ? Does not one gleam of light piece the darkness?" " The outlook is as blaok as pitch," answered Hiliersdon, expanding under the influence of tho wine ho had drunk so freely, ready now to talk to this acquaintance of a day as if he wcre his besom friend and companion of years; " there is not a gleam of light, not one. I havo wasted my chances; I havo frittered away whatcvor talent or capacity I may have possessed when I left the University. I am a dependent upon a father who can ill alford mc the'shabbiest main-' tenance, and to whom I ought to be a help rather than a harden. I have been— and must be as long as I live — the slavo of a woman who exacts servitude and gives nothing— whose heart and mind after years of closest association arc still mysteries to mc ; who will not own that she loves mo, yet will not let me go." "Mrs. Champion is n remarkably clover woman," said Jermyn, coolly hut there arc depths whioh you have never fathomed under that calm and virtuous surface. Leavo her for another divinity, and you will see of what she is capable. If that hopeless attachment is your only trouble, I snap my fingers at tho necessity of suicide. A day, nn hour may bring you faco to face with a woman whoso influence will make you forget Edith Champion." "You have no right to make freo with Mrs. Champion's name. How do yon know that she has any influence ovor my life?" "I know what all tho world knows— your world of May Fair and Belgravia, Hyde Park and Sonth Kensington — and I know what I read in the lady's face. A dangerouB woman for you, Mr. Hiliersdon ; witness thoso wasted years of which you complain. But there are women as fair, to love whom would be a less abject ser vitude. Do you remember the vision that Mcphistopheles showed Faust in the witch's kitchen?' " Gretcben at- her spinning wheel I" - . ' " Grctchen at her wheel belongs to the opcra, I fancy. The vision Faust 'saw in 'the witoh'a' looking glass was the vision' of abstraot beauty. Yon may remember that when he' sees Grctchen in tho' street there is no -recognition of that' supernal face he had just soon in the' glass.' He was only caught by a pretty 'girl 'tripping modestly by, going home from ohuroh. ' The vision may havo been Aphrodito or Helen, for aught wo know. A olover trick, no doubt, that vision in the glass. Look yonder, Hiliersdon','. look at that face there, known to you in the past— tho face of a girl steeped in poverty, beau tiful as a dream, yet no better off in this world for lior loveliness. Look at that fragile - form bending over a sewing machine, our modern sub stitute for tho spinning wheel. Look at me, Hiliersdon," repeated Jermyn, fixing him with those cold,, calm bine eyes, from which there radiated a sudden thrilling influence that steeped Gerard Hiilersdon's senses in a dreamy light, as of worlds and atmospheres unknown, " and now look yonder." Ho waved his hand carelessly towards tho inner room, where in tho subdued light Hiliers don saw the figure of a girl, shadowy, dim and vagueat first, and then developing gradually from a pale groy shadow into luminous' distinctness. Tho faoo was turned to him, but tho eyes saw bim not ; they gazed sadly ont into space, full of hopolcss melancholy, while tho hands moved monotonously backwards and forwards across the table of a sewing machine. A girl in a grey cotton frcck, sitting at work at a sewing machine. That was tho vision Gerard Hiliersdon saw nganst the doik background of Mr. Jcrmyn's library, hut tho girl's pinched and pallid lace was as beautiful in form os the face of Raphael's loveliest Madonna, and in its profound melancholy there was a sweetness that melted his heart. Something, too, in that fair Gretchen- like countenance struck him ns strangely familiar. Ho had soon the face before, not fn a picture or statue, but in commonplace every day life. TVhcn or whore he knew not. Jermyn threw his half smoked cigar up into tho air nnd burst into his olfin laugh. The vision faded on tho instant, as if ho had laughed it away. "There is your modern Gretchen," lie said, " a poor little sempstress, slaving from dawn to dark for something less than daily bread, aa beautiful as a Greek goddess, and virtuous enough to prefer cold and hunger to degrada tion. There i3 your true type of a nineteenth century Grctchon. How would you like to be Faust ?" "I should like to possess a share of Faust's power. Not to betray Gretchen, but to secure my own happiness." 44 And what is your idea of happiness ?"askcd Jermyn, lighting a fresh cigar. 44 "Wealth," answered Hiliersdon quickly. 44 For a man who has lived under the goad of poverty, who has felt day by day, and hour by hour, the torment of being poorer than his fellow men, there can be but one idea of bliss — money, and plenty of it. From my school days upwards I have lived among men better off than myself. At the University I got into trouble because I exceeded my allowance. My father could just afford to give mc £200 a year; I spent from £300 to £400; but the excess, though it caused no end of trouble at home, left mc still a pauper among men who spent £1000. 1 had keen sent to an expensivo college nud told to economise; to enjoy all the privileges of contact with men of rank and position, to be among them, but not of them. I happened to bo popular, and so could not altogether seclude myself from my fellow men. I was pinched and harassed at every turn, nnd yet plunged in debt, and a malefactor to my family. I came to London, studied for the bar, cat my dinners, wasted my father's substance on fees, and never got a brief. I wrote a book which won instantaneous success, and for the moment I was rich. I thought I had opened a gold mine, bought my. mother a. pair of diamond earrings which she did not want, ami sent my father a fine set of Jeremy Taylor, which he had been longing for ever since I could remem ber. I fell in love with a beautiful girl, who leciprocated my affection, but was not allowed to many a man whose only resources were in his inkstand. She was uot inconsolable, and our engagement was no sooner broken than she married a man old enough to be her father, and rich enough to make her a personage in the smart world. My next book, written while I was writhing under the sting of tliis disappoint ment, was a dead failure. I bad no heart to begin another book. I havo lived since, as a good many young men contrive to live in this great city, from hand to mouth, and the empti ness and hopelessness of my life have been known to me for a long time. Do you wouder that X began to think actual nothingness better than this middle state between life and death— this perpetual weaiiness of an inane aud pur poseless existence . 44 And you tbiuk that wealth would open up a new future, and that life would be no longer aimless?" "Wealth means power," answered Hiliers don. "With wealth and youth no man should be unhappy, unless racked by physical pain. A rich man is master of the universe." 44 Yes, but while ho enjoys the power wealth gives, his life is ebbing. Every day of enjoy ment, every ardent liopo satisfied, every extra vagant wish realised, is a nail in his coffin. The men who live longest nro men of moderate means — nob worried by poverty nor elated by wealth— men in whoso obscure nnd retired livei sooiety takes very little interest— scholars, thinkers, inventors, some of thom perhaps, whom the world hears of after they mc dead- men who think, and dream, and reason, but ex perience nothing of life's feverish movement or mau's fiercer passions. Do you remember Balzac's story of the Peau de Chagrin ?" 44 Not verv clearlw It wns one of the first French novels I read ; a kind of fairy tale, I think." 44 It is moro an allegory than a fairy tale. A young man, tired of life, like you, is on the brink of suicide — has made up his mind to die, as you made up your mind to- day — when, to waste tho time betwixt afternoon and night, - he goes into a bric-&-brao shop and turns over the wonders of worlds old and new. Here, amidst treasure of art and relics of extinct civilisations, be finds the queerest curio of all in tho person of the bric-a-brao dealor, a man who boasts of bis century and more of life, the quiet passionless' life of the thinker. This man shows him the Peau de Chagriu, the skin of a wild ass, hang ing against the wall. With this talisman he offers to make the intending suieidc richer, more powerful, and more renowned than the king of theFrenoh. 4 Bead,' he cries, and the young man reads a Sanscrit inscription whose loiters aro so interwoven in the metallic lustro of tho skin that no knife can eradicate the faintest line. The Sanscrit translated runs thus If you possess me you possess altt But your life will be mine. Wish, And your wishes will be fulfilled. But rule your wishes by Your life. At every wish I shall shrink like Your days. Woulds't . Have mo, Take. . "This inscription is the allegory of life. The old man told the youth how, he had offered the talisman to many, but how, though one and all laughed at its possible influence over their future destines, all had refused to traffic with that'.unkoo.wu power. . And for the owner of the talisman, why had he uever tested its value? The- -old man 'answered that question by expounding liiB theory of life." . "And what was his theory ?" . 4,4 The mystery of human life lies in a nut shell,' said the centenarian. 4 The life of aotion and the life of passion drain the sources of existence. To will, to do, to desire ardently is to die. With every quickening of the pulse above normal health, with every tumult of the heart, with every fever of the brain, fired by ardent hopes and conflicting wishes, a shred is torn off the fabric of a man's life. The men who live to : an age like mine are the men whose passions and desires, ambitions and greed of power have been rigidly suppressed, the men of calm and contemplative temperament, in whom mind rises superior to heart and senses, who are con tent to reason, to know, to see, and understand . the world in whioh they live.' And that old man was right. There is a hidden meaning in that sentence of Holy Writ—The race is not to tho swift. If you would live long take life - largo, not presto." # . 14 Who cares for length of years!" exclaimed Gerard Hiliersdon. 44 What a man wants is to live, not to crawl for a century on the face of this planet, afraid to lift his head from the earth : lest a thunderbolt should strike him. I wish 3 i could stroll into a bric-a-brac shop and find the : Peau de Chagrin; I would be content to see the - talisman dwindle daily if every diminution marked an hour of. happiness, a wish realised.' . 44 Well, I suppose that w the only philosophy of life congenial to a young mind," said Jormyn liglitly. "Tho contenarian who never really lived boasts of length of days, and cheats himself with the idea that he has had tho hest of tho bargain ; but to live for ton glad, reckless years must bo bettor than to vegetate for a century. "Infinitely better," said Hillorsdon, getting up in a fever of excitement, and beginning to walk about the room, looking at this and that, the bronze idols, tho enamelled vases, and old ivory carvings in the niches and recesses of a Bombay blackwood cabinot. , "You havo tho Peaudo Chagrin hidden somo- where in your room, perhaps," he suggested, laughingly, "or at any rate some talisman which enables you to make light of life — to see a jest where other men see a problem only to be solved by death." "No, I have no talismap. I have nothing but will— will strong enough to conquer passion — and insight by which I can read the mystery of mankind. You who have a stronger individu ality — a passionate, exacting personality, an intolerable ego whioh must be satisfied some how—are created to suffer. I am created to enjoy. For me life, as you say, is a jest." '?So it was for Goethe's Devil," answered Hillersdon. " I bclievo there is a touch of the diabolical in your composition, and that you have about as much heart and conscience as Mephistopheles. However, I am beholden to you for your persistence in bringing mo hero to night, for you have amused me, mystified me, provoked ray curiosity, and routed thoughts whioh I oonfess were of the darkest." " Didn't I.tell you a supper and a bottle of wino would be your best counsellor," oxclaimed Jormyn, laughing. 'iBut the dark thoughts will bo baok again in a day or two, no doubt, sinco you have no talis man to offer mo which will pour gold into empty pockets, and you do not even propose to buy my shadow. I would run tho risk of being as uncomfortably conspicuous as Peter Schlemihl, for. the same power to create illimitable masses of sterling coin." "Ah, those are old stories— allegories, all, bo assured. If I were to say I saw tho promise of 7\. fortune on that perplexed brow of yours you would laugh at me. All I ask is that if Fortune does pour her gifts into your lap you will remem ber that I bade you tarry at the gate of death." 