Echoes of tfye Week. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. [ail queessulxd eights beseeved.] Xo. XVI. Without any lapse from veneration for the i Bard of all Time ono is constrained to question j the validity of the Shakespearian dictum : •'"What's in a name! That which we call a rose by any other name would smell us sweet." But Juliet was in love, and lovesick boys and I girls habitually say the most inconsequent I things. Do youi mean to tell me that there is I nothing peculiarly appropriate, iu the patrony mic of the new'frexuier of New South Wales? His name—his highly suggestive name—is | Dibhs. Bate me a B., and you will haro a colloquial term for money. "Down with the dibs."- "Hake nnnkey surrender his dibs," we read in the "Rejected Addresses." Now, it is a fixed idea with the Hon. Mr. Dibhs that England shall never cease to plank down the j '• dibs " in New South Wales investments. I had the advantage of meeting 3tr. Dibhs I at Government House, Sydney, during the | pro-consulship of Lord Augustus Loftus, and after dinner he talked to me for a good half hour about colonial finance, a subject of which I knew considerably less thsui I do about I Hurray's Grammar, Colenso's Arithmetic, or I Hamilton Moore's Navigation.' Itr. Dibbs | was out of office, then, but he spoke com placently of the millions sterling which he had been instrumental in borrowing from the old country, and the many millions more which he hoped to borrow when he returned to power. I murmured with bated breath something about over-borrowing, "shortness, liquidation,, smash!" "Smash!" echoed Mr. Dibbs, ••and what then? Look at our Government j railways! There's a magnificent assdt for | you!" 2 '•dried up*'and tried to change the conver sation by praising the beauty of Sydney har bour and the zizzag railway over the Blue Mountains. But wlien I returned homo I wrote in my diary: " Met Dibhs. Wonderful man. Millions on the brain. John Law, Keeker,- Targot Billy Pitt not in it." So | it has been- a sweet boon to me this, week to i learn from the Antipodean cablegrams that | Mr. Dibbs, in his address to his constituents, speaks of "the enormous resources of the colony, and of the* absolute security which it can offer for much larger loans than have been hitherto raised." Hie remainder of the session, the delightful Dibbs proceeds to say, will bo almost entirely devoted to finance. "Would that I could be present at these 'NoctesDibbsiame.'" It is nice to hear about money, even if you have not got any. The penniless debtor in the Elect, in Hogarth's terrible picture, has by him a cut and dried plan for paying off the National Debt. Talking of the Bight Hon. William Pitt, | sometime Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, who is to succeed the late Mr. W. H. Smith in | the ancient and honourable office founded, the J historian Bapin tells us, by William the Con queror in 1076 ? The last time that I came oat j of my shell and into a club, Mr. Goschen was | spoken of by the quidnuncs as the new Lord [ warden in pesse. I should like to hear that it was the Marquis of Dufferin and Ara who had ( been selected, for a worthier, successor to Pitt, Wellington, Dalhousie, Palmerston, and Gran ville it would be surely hard to find. After the toil and trouble of two rice-royalties and half a dozen embassies and missions to foreign courts, the most accomplished diplomatist and ablest administrator of our epoch might find in the verdant slopes of Walmer Castle the balmiest of havens where he could adopt the motto which Brougham chose as a device for Ins villa at Cannes. "Inveni portum" ... . you know the rest, and H.M. present Ambassador nt the court of the Quirinal has assuredly played (and ^worked) hard enough to deserve the stately and historic repose of the Lord War denship of Cinque Ports. In one of the interesting letters from Charte Dickens to Wilkie Collins, now in the course o Sabdication, there is a line which, without soim ttle explanation, may be slightly puzzling b the post nati. Writing from the offices of " A1 the Tear Bound" in October, 1862, Dicken "begins "I write very hastily before going up t tee the horrid Poole (who has been ill) an then going home to Gad's." Why should tl large- hearted "Boz •' have stigmatised the in offensive author of "PaulTWas hr.™ offensive author of "PaulPry"as "thehorri Poole?" Is it a misprint? Or is it (which fancy to be the case) that Dickens was the trui tee of a fnnd raised for the benefit of Mr. Poo' in his declining years; that Dickens used 1 gay periodical visits to the superannuate umorist, who, living as most annuitants d to a very old age, grew somewhat prosy and : expectation of his trustee's visits, was woi to jot down the "heads " of the conversatic which he proposed to hold with him. It imaginable that when he got to, say •' Thirty seventhly, my dear Dickens —" hW intej locator would come to regard him (quite in friendly manner) as an intolerable bore. Hm the epithet "horrid." "Look down into the Pomegranate, Ralph," cries Erancis, the drawer in " Henry IV." In Shakespeare's time was "Ralph" pronounced ••Rarf," so as to rhyme with "laugh," '•chaff," and "half"? Professor Skeat eaya that it was pronounced "Raaf," and rhymed with ••safe," which the Elizabethans pro nounced "saaf," like the "baa" of the oele brated black sheep. Lord Tennyson, it has just been announced—I know not with what truth—strenuously adheres to the "Rarf" pronunciation. In this connection the Poet Laureate has certainly Butler in "Hudibrae' to back him— had whc*6 mm vm Raich 3ha£ in ih'a&reature; went him And then we have the less classical authority of 6heridan, M.P., in his epitaph on the lap dog of the baronet's lady:— Poor Jim, Sorry for him; Better by half It had been Sir Ralph. I quote from memory. But didthe.RightHon. R. B. Sheridan, M.P., in his place in the Commons, eulogise the military services of Sir "Barf," or Sir "Raaf," Sir "Rafe," or Sir Ralph Abercrombio ? Up in Belgravia the Braluninical classes at present say "Rafe" but down at Old Bailey Mr. Justice Charles has declared the name to bo " Ralph." I hold, deferentijilly, with the learned judge; and I venture to think that Butler has misled us and Lord Tennyson to boot. The great Saznucl was the most reckless of rhymers. He *4*vr»ir» " Wllter'' '•justice" with "trustees," "disparage" with "plumporridge," "tortured" with "martyred," and "course" with "hours." Mr. Charles Dudley Warner, the American essayist, has discovered that tall girls are be coming all the fasliiou in polite society across the Atlantic, aud is at a loss to account for the phenomenon. It was certainly a startling one. Do you remember how Nathaniel Hawthorne, in Ins acidulated book on English life and mannas, girded at the British matron and her daughters, and proclaimed his preference for the slim and trim damsels of his own beloved pork-and-beans and buckwheat-cakes-eating, iced water-drinking, pop-corn- munching, gum chewing, bird-o'-freedom-saurin, starred-aud striped country? "Well; chactm a son gout \ only our Transatlantic kinsmen appear to have ' changed their taste in the matter of feminine inches with unexpected rapidity. Mem: The tallest girls that I ever met with, in the course of many years going up and down on the earth, were in Australia; and the very I tallest were in New South "Wales. They call | the lanky young colonials therecorn-stalks but what designation should we apply to the preternatur&Hy; elongated maidens that I Lave met with under the Southern Cross? There are poppies that wave above the corn. Over and over again 'we have been waited upon at hotels in bush townships by gigantic young female "poppies," rivalling the Princess Huncamunca or Hippolyta, Queen of the , Amazons, in stature. I remember once, in a I stage-coach journey far beyond the reach of I railways, halting for dinner at an inn, some- ; where in the bush in Victoria, kept by five i young sisters—all giantesses. The members of this remarkable, family un harnessed the horses; "hitched up" a fresh | team, cooked some steaks on the corns—-they did : not bake any "damper"; damper is obsolete— ! boiled some pumpkins, brewed us some tea, and | charged us half-n-crown ahead, all before you could say Jack Robinson, so to speak. Only when I wanted some milk in my tea l j was told that there was none, but that I could | have some blanc mange, pronounced "blom monch," if Xliked.- The "blommonch" come I in powder out of a tin labelled with the name I of a much-advertising firm in London; yet I was informed that the five sisters kept 40 head i of cattle on their farm; on anomaly, this, not J uncommon in the land of Topsyturvydom. Before these lines are in print the' senate of the University of Cambridge may have decided ' upon a preliminary pronouncement as to the j advisability or otherwise of making the study of Greek in that famous seat of learning com pulsory. Not being myself by any means an academical or professorial person, it may seem an act of appalling impertinence on my part to I say anything whatever about the language of I Homer—what was it that Ensign Nortlierton j said about the reputed author of the Iliad: " D Homo!" was it not ? but as it happens that I scarcely remember a time when, in single I "enssedness," I did not assiduously study Greek, I may, perhaps, be allowed to say a few | plain and practical words on the subject. The ordinary school hoy is not allowed sufficient time for learning Greek, so as to 1 able to admire and to love it; and when, as tyro, he is made to read it. his ear can scarce] avoid the impression that it is a harsh, crabbe< desperately long-syllabled and uncouth lai guage. This, added, to the difficulties of tl declensions and conjugations, led the polish* but easy- going monks of the early Renaissam to denounce Greek as a direct invention of tl Devil. But this noblest and most majestic ■ tongues would sound neither harshly nor tu oouthly—it would enchant us with all its nntr harmony, sonorousness, and grace, if we cou only bring ourselves to abandon the borrib pronunciation foisted on our universities by tl DutchmanErasmus, whose Latin " Colloquict we all rejoice in, but at whose public exccuti< for his Greek heresies I would, were he aliv willingly assist. To ^ listen to an English classical scholar spouting Greek suggests to the cosmopolitan mind what the elocution of Demosthenes must have been like during the pebblo stage. I recollect having been present once at a dinner of the Greek Committee at which the chair waa taken by the good Earl of Shaftesbury. The venerable philanthropist had not forgotten all his Greek, and favoured his audience, in the course of the speech of the evening, with a lengthy quotation from the Odyssey; whereupon a cultured Hellenic gentleman who waa my neighbour asked what language the noble lord was speak ing. "I oan moke out 'ton'and'tcs,'and 'gar,' and ' para,' and ' de,' and 'metae' here and there," he remarked; " but the rest is in comprehensible." "Whon I told him that Lord Shaftesbury was iaHring Greek he smiled, and asked me to pass hfm a peach. . .Throw the Erasmian pronunciation .over board, proaonnce Greek as' the modern Greeks do, and tho ordinary, find tho language as attractive as fto gallant students of the Staff College find K»» te; I do not say that Greek is easy. ^ °™ 'g iseasy that is to he learned thoroughly I"*0.. the multiplication table and long aiMSion, and "Moug's 10,000 Cab Fares' for example. But stick to vour work, and you roll master Mogg, and Bradsbaw too-if you live long enough. • Cookery- for tho army, according to an ex haustive article in the Times, is making hut- , prishigl)'rapid headway at Aldershot; ana I j see that the motto chosen by the inartuu j Vnltels is "Skim, Sunnier, and Scour. Py the skimming and simmering is meant, ob- I viously, tlmt meat should not be hardened b} I too rapid boiling, and that, while simmering, the mass should be carefully relieved of the tat, which can be verv valuably utilised as dripping. Still, "simmering and skimming" induce somehow the impression that the staple of .the soldier's diet is to bo that pot au feu of which the French troupier is so immoderately fond. The British soldier should have solid beei.. roasted and baked, and plenty of it. Far. off he tho day when he feeds mainly on slops 1 The Father of Reform in the military cuisine was Alexis Soyer, erst chef at the Reform Club, and proprietor of the Symposium at Kensing ton Gore. "When, at- the instance of the late Duchess of Sutherland, and by desire of the. British Government, he went out to the Crimea he found Tommy Atkins drinking decoctions of green coffee, and toasting at his bivouac fire chunks of salt pork, stuck on tho end of his bayonet. In camp and barrack and hospital cookery at Balaclava and at Scutari, the valiant Awls worked wonders. He ruined his health in the Crimea, and came home to die and to be forgotten ; but when the real history of the campaign in the Tauric Cher sonese comes to be written, the devoted French culinary artists may claim a modest tablet of recognition liard by tho pedesfcils on which will Rtand the statutes of Florence Nightingale and "William Howard Russell. These courageous three, in their several degrees, did that wliich posterity will not forget, to alleriato the un merited miseries of the army that won the Alma and Inkerraau. j "Bully for you!" that is an Americanism. Grateful thanks are due to the estimable Mr. G. W. Curtis, of New York, for reminding us in "Harper's Monthly" that" the eccentricities of genius, the recklessness of Grubb street, the lawlessness of Bohemia—all these are unknown in the story of those who are tho pride of American letters." This is verv true; and pity 'tis that it should be true, only Mr. Curtis forgets that letters us a profession in the United States can scarcely count more than a century of existence; whereas the English Grubb street is at least 300 years old. The select band of eminent men of letters of whom America is so justly proud have all been—Edgar Poo, per haps, excepted—intensely respectable gentle men ; but then it must be remembered that the United States Government, by systematically encouraging, rewarding and honouring, literary men, has done its best to make' them respect able. Benjamin Franklin was on ambassador. Washington Irving went as Minister Plenipo tentiary to Spain ; Bayard Taylor was Minister at St. Petersburg; Rush, Motley, and Lowell were accredited to the Court of St. James's; Whitelaw Reid is Minister at Paris ; Robert Dale Owen wus Minister at Naples; Eugene Schuyber was Minister at Athens; Nathaniel Hawthorne was Consul at Liverpool; and Elihu Burritt at Birmingham. Longfellow, Emerson, Prescott, Bryant, might have had anything they cared to usk for. An American could add a score, of distinguished names to the list which I have sketched. But when William Makepeace Thackeray thought that he would like to he British Minister at Washington he was snubbed, jeered at, pooh-poohed for his presumption, flic author of " Vanity Fair" a diplomatist, forsooth! What could he know about the ways of mankind ? Swift! make out the credentials of Sir Harkaway Rotgut Wildfire, or Lord Claude Cashless, or the Hon. Nincompoop Yahoo, C.B. Spiritualists will he delighted to learn that the ghost of Honore do Balzac was lately present at a table-rapping seance in Paris. The illustrious shade explained that when he reoeived the summons to tho ghostly conclave he was witnessing at the Thcatro Libre the representation of a dramatised version of his own''" Pcre Goriot," RU^ wafl rittingon tlio' knee of tho eminent dramatic critic, M. lYancieque Sarcey. Now, Bulzac was very fat; and if spirits hnvo any gravity lie must have voigtcd wuicwbst anooinfortebly on ., S;irccy'8 lap. No mention, curiously enoiig,,, - ; is made of tlio famouB gold-headed cano which i wfls Balzac's., constant companion, and about which MadamAEmilo do Girardid wrote so.: charming a story. - Balzac's- ghost, it is grati fying to learn, spofce most enthusiastically in . praise of M. Emilo Zola, and it fy only to bo regretted that ere the spirit subsided into tho .Tasty deep again, he did not "precipitate" .an outretombe romance on his hearers. But, per haps after all Uouore de". Balzac was not a Mah&tma.; • • ; r « - * ■ -• Nothing in a haraol .Bead the appellations of the two fiendish young miscreants who are under remand at Croydon .for trying to wreck a South Eastern train by placing iron "chairs" on the line. Stephen Muddle, aged. 12, and Thomas Shove, aged 11. Muddle and Shove Shove and Muddle 1 Tho young varlets f 'lived up11 to their names with a vengeance^ •' « * The longest melody extant, so X have hoard musicians say, is a Russian air called "Pcstel,11 " and y'Ruth" and " Garibaldi's hymn are notable specimens of protracted tunes. Still, I cannot help asking myself what English writer has penued the longest-winded sentence. Milton's famous anathema on the bishops in his "Reformation in England" runs to Hi words, without a break; but here comes Mr. Walter Wren, who, in a letter to the times on the interminable subject of "Drinking and Drunkenness," shatters the Miltonic reoord with a sentence containing 144 words. "Mercy, .0 Wren, King of Birds." Cruel and unusual punishments ore prohibited by the Bill of Rights. Mr. Walter Wren, I believe/ stakes pupils," and fits them in a surprisingly short space of time to become field marshals, admirals of tho fleet, lieutenant-governors of Bengal, Bishopsof Sodor and Man/ and Elder- Brethren of tho Trinity House.: What would his youngmen think if he set them, as an exercise, to trans lating his hundred and forty-four words sen tence into Pindaric Greek or Horn tinn Latin, or the Basque tongue—to say nothing of Romany, Sanskrit, and Yolapuk. Perhaps they would be of the same mind with tho culprit who was given his choice between life long penal servitude and reading Guieciar dini'e " History," but who had not got further than the War of Pisa before he abandoned the unendurable task and went quite blithely to the galleys. ;• * The cedars of Lebanon arc, it seems, in a bad way. A wall was some time since built round these historic trees by Rustem Pasha (?) when he was Governor of the Lebanon; but the pro tection, has been rendered useless by the re moval—quite a la Tvrqi'tt—of the gates, which have been lifted from their hinges and are now rotting on the ground. Then the Arabs have playfully ring- barked" the trees, and carved inscriptions, possibly from the Koran, on the trunks, and altogether -writes the rector of St. John's, Edinburgh, to the papers, the cedars are in pitiable jeopardy. But let tlio worthy cleric be consoled. In the grounds of Pope's Villa, Twickenham, Mr. Henry Labou chcre, M.P., has some splendid oedars of Lebanon, the earliest, I beliere, planted in England, and some slips of which—without any "consideration "—I am glad to believe that he would willingly furnish to tho Ottoman authorities.- You have little idea of what truly obliging gentleman Mr. Labouchero Dohot spoil to-day by thinking of to-mor row, or mar your breakfast by speculating on what you shall have for dinner, Tliepunctuality of Washington wasproverbinl. It is said of George III. that an appointment was never ahead of him ; of Nelson that ono always found him in waiting; and with Admiral Napier punctuality was a cardinal virtue. It may seem of little moment to be punctual; but "our life is made up of littlo things." Our attention to them is the index of our character, often the scales by which it is weighed. Punctuality requires no undue exertion, and its influence is a most salutary one. Its cultiva tion seems tho more, important as we witness tho deleteriousness of dUatoriness in habit, the evil effect of which none can deny. "Better late than never," translated into "Better never lato," is an excellent maxim. 