In Love's Crucible. By BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER I. THE GHOST OF THE PAST. IROPCllSt. For fifteen long years Hartleigh Hall had held its doors shut to friends and strangers alike; for fifteen long years a shadow had hovered over it, and the gloom of a dead past had filled it. Th tilence of a buried life had brooded there, and the people bad learned to shun it. Aiid now, of a sudden, the doors had been throwu open, and life and gaiety, beauty and fashion thronged its erstwhile gloomy chambers. Fveiy window gleamed joyously with the warm blaze, and soft, tnehiag strains of music mingle <1 with the hum of sweet voices and the rustle of silks and satins; and white shoulders gleamed, and blight eyes flashed with Cupid's artillery, and hurts were lost and won. And the lawns and drives were gay with many coloured lamps, and alive with liveried servants; and tho pebbled driveway crunched under springing hoofs and grinding wheels. And the gloom and silence of Hartleigh Hall were driven away. .. «- i Some there were there who had known the Mad Dick Hartleigh of twenty-two years agone, and these were curious to Bee the changes time and sorrow had wrought in the man whose wild exploits had set the sober world a- gog. And others there were to whom he was only a name, and they looked to see what manner of man this was who had Btarted life with almost an unlimited wealth and a title that went back nearly a thousand years; who had in his youth startled England with his capriccs, and who had lived a miserly recluse for fifeeen years only to end by opening his magnificent mansion to feasting and mirth. And when they entered the drawing room, what did they see ? They saw a tall, thin man, of perhaps fifty- five years of age, with a clean-cut patrician face, distinguished by the Hartleigh greyblue eyes and well-formed mouth—a thorough specimen of old English nobility, who greeted his guests and welcomed them with a courtliness which smacked of the manners of the old world that had known bim as Mad Dick Hartleigh. He WBB not a whit embarrassed; he did not explain why tho hall had been closed to them for so many years, but bore himself with the well-bred ease of the man who is aware of nothing extraordinary in what he is doing ; and with polished ease leaned one white, thin hand upon the arm cf his nephew, Guy Hartleigh, as he went about introducing the young man and doing the honors of the evening. Heir as he was to the title and estates, Guy was even less known than Sir Richard, though his boyhood, too, had been spent near the Hall; but since his boyhood he had visited the Hall only at stated intervals, and for a brief period at those times. His relations to the old man had been of the coldest and most formal kind, never reaching the length of affection, and always constrained. To him the Hall had ever been an awesome place, and no one of the gay throng was more surprised than ho to seo the old place radiant with light and joyous with mirth and music. Gay was a Hartleigh. Everybody saw that at glance. He had in full measure all tbe qualities for which liis race bad been famous. Tall, stalart, trcct, and bold of bearing as one of the aiick'Ut Vikings, he was yet a patrician from the tawny hair of his head to tbe well- shaped feet which he used so gracefully in the mazy windings of the wal z. And for all the strangeness of the gathering, lie did not fail to enter into the enjoyment of it with all the zest and ardour of youth. The ball was a success, so everybody agreed. It was threatened to be stiff; but, as the little Lady Gladys Yyner said, who could resist the infectious gaiety Sf Guy Hartleigh ? Nobody, apparently, for after the first feeling cf wonderment at finding themselves in a house which most of them hac come to look upon as a tomb they one and all abandoned themselves to the enjoyment of the occasion, and made the walls ring again with their -joyous mirth. o IJ - It was three o,clock before the last guest left the Hal!; and then the tired servants hastened to extinguish the lights on the lawn and in the house, so that before Guy had returned, after putting pretty Lady Gladys into her carriage, he found himself, with something of the old boyish shudder, in the same gloomy Hall of tbe past. His uncle, too, had disappeared , and Guy, with a shrug of his broad shoulders, told himself that, after the one gladdening glimpse of joyous life, the old cheerless life was to be taken up again. And if that were so, what was to become of him? He would not consent to bury himself tbere, as his uncle had done. He would return to the continent rather than that; and with this thought in his mind, he turned from the drawing'room and made his way to the library, where he could have a last smoke before retiring. A lamp was still burning in the library, and he was about to light his cigar when a noise in the adjoining room attracted his attention, and be turned his head to listen. • Is that you, Guy ?' demanded a voice. • Yes, sir.' It was his uncle who had spoken. The room was dark, and Guy wondered whattheold man was doing there at such a time. It was a sort of disconnected picture-gallery, and was used for the protraits of the late generations of the Hart 1 leighs. • Come in here, Gay; I would like to say a few words to you, if you are not too tired to talk with mo. 1 Not at all. I was going to sit up and smoke cigar before going to bed." ' Bring your cigar in here; and if there is candle, there, bring that, too.* Guy lighted his cigar, and lifting the lamp carried it into the gallery. His uncle sat in a great arm-chair, with a weary wistful expression in his usually stern impassive face. He motioned Guy to a chair, and after a pause, which Guy occupied iu idly puffing the cigar smoke in circles from bim, Sir Bichard asked, abruptly, but not unkindly: Do you know why I gave this ball to-night, Guy ¥ ' I understood it was to introduce me.' ' But you are three years past your jpajority. Why Ehould I wish to introduce you now, more than three years ago, at the age when such things are commonly done—can you guess No, sir, though I have tried to do so.' You are heir to tbe title and the estate, but except at my will you could never have enjoyed a penny of your inheritance until my death.' I know (hat, sir, and I am very grateful ' It is not for that that I speak now. Listen. The estate is a good one, and, by my will or not, you will at my death be in possession of a fair income ; hut there ia an immense fortune, part of which I inherited and more of which 1 have ac- cumulated, which can be disposed of according to my own wish. I have had you educated, and I have always provided for yon with the one idea of leaving to you this wealth, which has never done me any good.' ,.<... Guy murmured something ia the nature of thanbs fortliis promised munificence; his uncle, however, took no notice of his words, but, as if lie had not heard them, went on : ' I have watched you carefully, and I have so much confidence in you that i do not now hesitate to ask of you what wir.li another I would make a condition cf tho bestowal of this wealth.' • I am glad it is a request rather than a condition,' said Guy, with quick pride. ' You would have resented the condition, perhaps even refused it ?' queried Sir Richard, with an anxiety he made no effort to conceal. > I am a Hartleigh ?' was the proud answer. • But the request?' ' Is acceded to without hesitation. I make no reservation, for I know it is as little likely that you would ask, as that I would grant, anything that conld not be done with honor.' ' It is true; but you must know the request before you grant it.' Sir Richard let his head fall npon his hand as ho said this, and for several minutes did notopen his lips. Thsre was so little of the old familiar sternness, and there was so much of repressed sorrow in his unclc's tone and manner, that Guv felt a new sentiment coming to life in his generous yoncg heart. It seemed to him that in place of tbe hard, repellant old man he had accustomed himself to see in his uncle, there was one who needed bis affection and support. He pnt his hand out with a frank, generous gesture, characteristic of him, and would have spoken ; but the older man seemed to comprehend, for he looked up with a smile as sad as it was rare on his face, and taking the hand in both ot his for a moment, gave it a gentle pressure, which seemed to say, -1 know what you would ray, and I thank you., Then he dropped it, and rising painfully to his feet,said, brokenly: ' Gny, you have known me a silent, unlovely man. A. miser, some have called me; a misanthrope, others. 1 have been neither, but a suffering, self- condemned wretch. The cause yon si all know.' He drew a tiny key from his pocket, and approaching what looked like a large cabinet resting against the wall, inserted the key and unlocked it, The doors swung open, and there was revealed to Guy's astonished eyeB the portrait of a surpassingly b?autiful woman. Many times had Gny stopped wondcriogly bffore this seeming cabinet, but never had he suspected what it really was. He turned to Sir Bichard with a look of inquiry. ' My wife,' were the only words he spoke, and then turned away with such a look of agony on his face that Guy's kind heart went out to him. He would have gone to his side and given him e that silent sympathy which men like, hut he felt that it would be wist r nut; so he stood looking up at the lovely face, which seemed to be smiling down at him, in a trustful, tender way that bespoke his confidcncc, in spite of the story lie vaguely remembered to have heard of her. By and by his uncle returned to his side, and asked him, softly : t L C 4 ' Could you believe her to hs false?" ' No," answered Guy, in his fearless way. ' Sit down. Twenty years ago to-day 1 married Constance Faulker. She was young, and as yon see, rarely beautiful. 1 loved her, and 1 believed she loved me. And when 1 say 'love,' 1 mean all the-word can mean. Adoration, worship, devotion. 1 had been, as you no doubt have heard, wild as few men are. Mad Dick Hartleigh!' he said with a sigh. ' The name tells the story. But after my marriage 1 was as faithful and true as 1 had been unstable and wild before. Two years after our marriage a child was bom to us— a girl. We were very happy. So happy that for five years we shut ourselves from the world, content with each other; but then I one day met an old friend, one 1 had loved as Damon loved Pythias. I invited him to the Hall, to renew the friendship of the old days. One day I returned unexpectedly, to find him at the feet of my wife, speaking words of love to her. He slept not again in this house." The old man lowered his I voice. 'He went with me to France, and there 1 1 left him dead. When 1 returned to my home, I my wife was gone—my wife and my child,' I The prematurely gray head dropped on the I thin white hand, and the silence of anguish and I despair fell upon him. I Guy said not a word, bat his broad chest rose I and fell, and his eyes filled with a sympathetic I moisture that did him honor. AH the reserve I and the coolness of the past melted away, and I the young heart and the old throbbed to- I ther. Presently the old man looked up with a I pathetic smile, and contin led: j 4 1 did not seek to bring her back. 1 doubted even that the child was mine. 1 asked noques-I tions - 1 would not even look upon the things j that 'were hers. 1 ehut up the Hall and went J abroad Five years later 1 came back here, my | heart hardened and full of scorn for myself. 1 went through the rooms, scoffing at myself, to see them just as she left them. 1 went even to her chamber and tossed over the dust-covered articles on her toilet-table, try ing to make myself believe 1 did not care. And mv heart was crying out all the time! Guy,' 1 his voice sank to a low whisper, 'as I turned over the laces and jewels that lay there I came upon a yellow, time-stained envelope addressed tome. It was in her writing. I tore it open; I know not what I thought to find in it; but, oh, Great Heaven! it showed ber to me as white and spotless as the angels themselves. She,who had gone away in her innocence, knowing my furious anger and unreasoning passion, had left that letter, hoDinc thati would read it and follow her for her | forniveness I sought her then, but, alas I it was I too late I hired detectives to search for her, and j for vears thev searched in vain; but at last they I came t>pon her and her child in America. But just as they were about to communicate with her she unaccountably disappeared. Then again they searched, and again found her, only to be balfllad. j in the same way. Time and again thesame thing happened, until it seemed to me that she must be trying to elude me. I did not dare go seek ber myself, fearing, I know not why, that if I did Bome dire misfortune would befal her and the child. Now she is dead.' L t:•> He arose and paced the floor, not, however, with the assured step Guy had been so accustomed to see, but feebly and totteringly. But it calmed him, and in a few minutes he resumed his seat and took iip the story*gain t ' The child is found, a young woman now; and it only remains to bring her home. Home, Gny! I daw not go, and every day I fear to receive a telMram saying that she, too, has disappeared gain Guy's handsome face lighted up, and he spoke | eagerly. You will let me go for her? H shedisap- I \- — • - i will find her and | pears again, I will trace her, foring her to you. That is what you would ask, is it not? It is what I would do. Tellmewhat vou know of her whereabouts. Where is she now*' j lk San Francisco. But it is much to ask of , I T ° U it is nothing. I can be quite ready by tomorrow. We will not delay a moment more than is necessary. I am not only willing, I am eager to o ' j Rut, Guv, there is more to be said,' j „ ' , . =. it,, Gut nneasilv 1 More ? What is it ? asked Guy, uneasily, you picture what my child must be,having ^ e ^ ^ m a t t e r ? , Shehiyourdaugh- | ter and my cousin. You doubt how I will receive one who is, perchance, ignorant and uncouth? Doubt no longer. She is the victim of an injustice, and I as well as you. will do what is in me to rect U « y Ali, Guy; as noble as a Hartleigh! it applies to you as it never did tome. But haveyouconridered—have you thought—do you ' ' You hesitate. Toll me, without reserve, what is In your mind.' ' Guy, there is but one way to place my daughter right before the world." ' And that is?' * By her marriage with one who is her social looked down as if studying the full meaning of tbe words, and then looked up with a frank smile, and putting both hands out to his uncle, ' ^ understand you. This is the request, that X marry your daughter?' ' I noticed your attentions to Lady Gladys tonight.' A euaii nun. j— o- - < . • will have me, will make her my wife. And,uncle, I do it with a cheerful heart and without onemisgiving. 'Heaven bless you, Guy ! I do not deserve this from you.' CHAPTER H. THE EPISODE IN SAX FRANCISCO. Some time after tho night Guy was promising his uncle to go in search of his cousin, a party of young men, in a ripe stage of gaiety, sat in one | of tlii prirate Tooms of a celebrated San Fran- I cisco restaurant, discussing some fine old Bur- 1 cundv, after having done fall justice to the 1 I "•"ti ie. j ' ' ' ' j I say, Wilton,' eaid one, ' only two days more 1 in which to save your bet." , j ' More than I need. One day would be enough,' j was the nonchalant answer. | 1 What bet is that ?' asked another. _ j 'What bet!' they all cried, witli one voice, j Haven't you heard ?' 1 ' Well, if you all shout at me like that, there I will be no excuse for not hearing. What is the I bet, Wilton ?' I ' A. thousand dollars, even, that I won't drive I Maida Carringford to the Cliff House before the I end of the week.' I ' She had refused to see anybody, or to accept I any gifts,' explained the. one who had first I spoken, • but Wilton declared that it was only I because she had net been approached in the I right way. Hesaid he did not believein any kpd I of virtue in an actress, least of all in such an lm- J pregnable sort as she assumed ; eo hebet a thousand be would drive her to the Cliff House. I I took him up.' . , ' I'll double the bet,' said Wilton, quietly. ' Pshaw! you are j.>king,' exclaimed one of llie J Take up But the speaker did not do it Although it was plain to them all that Caryl \Vilt^n would | certainly lose, yet there was something m his j lanquid indifference that inspired caution, as it if the -mnfi^nnre confidence that he had in himself 1 must arise from the knowledge of something unknown to them. .. And yet tho manner was habitual to him. Always Belf-possessed, always calm and indifferent, whether he was losing thousands or winning them. No one could feel triumphant in winning from him, and no one was evtr guilty of displaying to him any chagrin in losing. He was admired. and somewhat feared by tbe mm, even in that city ' so full of the recklessly brave, and he was courtrd by the softer sex not only becauso be waB handsomer than most men, ncr l>ccausn lie was sctrainglv rich beyond the need of carc,but that he had in bis face and manner that consciousness of power which so few men over have. Who be was nobody knew, further than that he had plenty of money, for which he occasionally drew on London; that in some way ho had gamed the entree into tho most exclusive of San Fraif cisco society; that ho was always' faultlessly . dressed, with the manner of a man who could not., be anything else from tho very force 'i habit, and that he was an Englishman. Whether lord t.r commoner, no oae had the hardihood to ask him. for he had a singular air of conveying,before a question was asked, the idea that it was impertinent. He was, to sum up, a masterful man,but withal one who was uniformly courteous and good-tempered. After the last remark, he looked enquiringly around the table, and, as if satisfied nobody would accept his ofler,pushed his chair back and leisurely arose. ' Wby, you are not going yet?' was the general cry. ' The play will not begin for half an hour yet.' ' Yes, 1 must go. 1 have an engagement." ' But you will be at the theatre ?' 'Perhaps.' f, (' 7 , ' You know it is "Borneo and Juliet" to-niglit. It is <~ne of her best parts.' ' Is she so very good, then ?' enquired the one"" who had been ignorant of the bet. ' 1 have been away for a month, you know.' • Ask Wilton.' The questioner turned his eyes on Wilton, who was putting on his toat, and the latter anBwercd; in his indolent way: " | ' She is the best Juliet 1 ever saw, and 1 have seen all the good living representatives of the part.'' She has genius.' Good-night.' He left them, and went out into the damp driving fog, muttering, with a shrug of his broad I shoulders: J 'A nice business for you, Caryl Wilton, to he j engaged in; but she interests me. 1 wonder if it I is real virtue, or is she only doing a little skilful * 1 angling for a husband ? I shall know before this night is over.' He walked leisurely to the California Theatre, where Maida Carringford was playing, and went round to the stage door, where he knocked. Tho door was instantly opened, and ho would have walked in without a word, had not the Cerheius surlily demanded: . 'Who d'ye want to see?" • Mr. Baker.' ' Come in here and wait. Jimmy, tell Mr. Baker that there is a gent, hero wants to eee him. What name?' 'No name: And, Jimmy, tell ^Ir. Baker a man wants to see him. A man or a gentleman ; not a gent. Anything but a gent, Jimmy. Hurry up, now.' . " „ , Jimmy grinned, and ran off, while the doorkeeper scowled and muttered under his breath, half inclined to give the visitor a piece of his mind, and yet yielding to tho in Queue© of the easy manner, and refraining, a wonder to himBelf that he did. In a very minutes Mr. Baker came into tue little room, and gazed at Caryl Wilton with tbe manner of a man who has had to deal with such characters before, and knows just how to do it. In fact, the pressure for' admittance behind the scenes had never been so-great as now', when Haida: Carringford was acting at the theatre. ' You wished to see me?' he said inquiringly. . 'On the part of Mr.Dusante,yes. f ' Oh!' ejaculated Mr. Baker. Mr. Dusante was the Borneo, and as Mr.-Baker took a more careful look at his visitor he seemed' to feel that he was not one of the gay young fellows about town who would he likely to be there for the purpose of troubling his famous star; Mr. WUton smiled quietly, as if comprehending, IhB thoughts of the manager, and eaid : ' Shall we talk here ? *No, no; come to my office, He led the way back to the stage and off to • small room in the left wing., 'Now, sir, if you please; what can 1 do JOE j you? hesaid. Mr. Dusante wished me to say to jon that fae-- could not hs here this evening. Not be here ? exclaimsd the astotmded man*- gtr. 'Why lie must be. here 1 ,'v 'Nevertheless, he will not, said Caryl, with) amused smile. The manager threw hiinsolf back in j and stared at his visitor. Then lie bou cried out: "' ""• '. • What does this mean ? Is he ill? . He is ill; there is no doubt pboutthat Baw him in bed, and hero is the' doctor's.* I cate to bear out my opinion. Z:^' <• « He handed the distracted manager ® document^ which left no manner of .doubt inhismind. 'What am 1 to do? cried the poor man, ning his hands, through his hair, as if ldra| for an idea, ' He has an nndfr-etudy, has he not? 'Yes, but 1 never for a jnoment . sai ispebted^ncl^j _ a thing as this, and 1 gave him leave San Jose. ' Wliich he asked for at my sugpUon, ^ Wilton s mental comment. Aloud he SBid, wH an appearance of solicitude, V* «mV<ry soj^ Mr. Dusante was afraid thfrt yon mitfit be plwefi. in an awkward position 1 think- ho had no one but his TOder-study who conlA- talffli his Yeplace. B ' , - , J1 > groaned the manager, 'and I canMrtj ^ ^ ^ the play why 4idn t jugggl "ma know before ? If 1 had known three hpnrB; X t fwSle dtoC, last moment that be could come. He did think", of you, however, as this letter from him prove. - • ,-' He-handed the manager-a letter, whichthe^ latter took with an appearance of grasping iat'j the straw which he hoped would gave him frontmetaphorical drowning: He tore it open and j read it, and then turned to Caryl. - = He says you will take his .place.' As a great favour to hhn, and oat of com-vig passion to the dear public.' , , He says you are a better Borneo than he jean j ever hope to he.' Ho flatters me, no doubt.' You have played-tho part, than?' , Certainly.' • • : Mav 1 ask whore ?' .; In London; but I will save you the trouble ' of asking any more questions by faying tbat 1.; _ will tell yuu nothing abnut myself. If you da not choose to take tho word and judgment of Mr. Da-. i sante you will-hav2 to dispense with my services. Mrl Dusante thought he was doing you a .j take his.i so ciiaiH!j5^dx>f part that I care to return to the stage unless it is in the cause of friendship.' . ; j The indifferent manner did its work, and, with anxiety tird humilitv minpled, the poor tn&nag; begged Wilton to take no offence, but* to the part, with tbe assuranee of his gratitude : doing 60. * 5 " Yvry well; hut I must insist upon a condition. < You will make no fuss over tho matter, and only.,; tell those who must bo told that I am a friend jofl' Du=ante's.' 1 Yes, Bir. It shall be as you say. How about dress?' Dusante told mc tbat 1 shonld find a costume which he was sure would 'fit mo in his room. It is on9 he had from London, and was too large f-ir bim.' L C 0 It.was, in fact, one which Dusante had placed iu bis room for this wry purpose, after he hadreceived no less a sum than £200 from Wilton in consideration of falling ill this night. It ' had been well planned, and was tho last card in hjs hand and his highest trump. Ho could play the p art well enough. He had played it often in London, and EO TTCH that he had been offered almost what he would by managers to go on the professional stage. It was not that which troubled ],j m. ;(, was tbe fear that he would play in vain, Ha did not care for the loss of the money, but he jj a(j an aversion to being beaten in an affair ot tbis sort. He had always been successful wijh women, and he had never been at so much trouble beIore. Young, handsome as au Apollo, graceful of mal)neri an<j with a rich baritone voice, he made an j(j eai R omeo. The peculiar dress of the time su|t ed him rarely, and when he came out of .his room dressed and made up for tbe part, he was greeted byeven the calloused habitues of the stage : with a murmur of admiration. The manager, who had awaited his appearance with a sort of anguish, exclaimed at first sight of him: • If he acts as he looks the audience will have a treat to-night.' Caryl saw him, and gave him a careless nod, saying indifferently: ' x 1 BU1)1, suppose UOO you told Miss Carringford I was tQ cr60nate ft omeo for thie one time? ^YeSiSir » < And did she take it kindlv ?' • She only said she hoped you were equal to it.' . ' , * Had yqu not better introduce me to her.before we go on?' ... 4 1 was waiting here for that purposed' - ' Then let nsgo.ior it most be time loir thenar* tain. 1 hearthe orchestra- gring it for dear life. Have 1 kept you waiting ?' [To BE COKXBKCED] -'. 