The Ber. Mark Guy Parramatta. Pearse in ON Monday last tbe Rev. Mark Guy Pearse visited Parramatta, and in the evening delivered his lecture "Old Folks at Home" in the Wesleyan Church, Macquarie- street. The attendance was very large, many of tboBe present being town and district residents connected either with the Wesleyan or other churches. The Rsv. J. W. Winspear occupied the chair. The proceedings were commenced with a hymn, after which the Chairman led tbn meeting in prayer. The Kev. MAHK Gvr PEARSE was loudly nppluuded, on coming forward, after a few introductory remarks from the Chairman. It WHS not long before he was entirely en rapport with his audience; his world-renowned, versatile style of I featuring appealing to win golden opinions at once in the miods of his hearers. He was soon thoroughly at home, describing the characteristics of social life in Cornwall. The very nature of the discourse precludes almost entirely t.he possibility of reproduction; for the charm of the lecture appeared to lie in the lights and shades of word- painting—the alternation of sparkling humour and touching pathos—which no one's pen perhaps can effectively pourtray. The rev. gentleman was very successful when dealing with' the character of "Old Rooie" (aged 105). " My Right Rev. Lord Bishop" tbe lecturer termed her—iu reference to the fact that it was her admonitions which had led him to take up the work of the ministry. Dealing with "Old Bowie's ".-death the Rev. Mr. Pearse made the foroe of his pathos felt; and an appropriate introduction at this part of the lecture was the rendition—soft and -lowby the audience, of Old Rosie's favourite hymn " Btfck of Ages." Passing on to more lively topics Mr. Pearse told, not without evidences of a personal relish of the joke, how a chairman presiding over one of his meetings expressed surprise that a minister could have picked up such a very intimate knowledge of the character! tics of Cornish life. " I told him," aaid Mr. Pe»ree, "that np till the time I reached the age of 21 years 1 was a minor." The papers reported that the rev. lecturer (Mr. Pearse) had worked in tbe coal mines up to the time of his reaching maturity. The best p'^t of his joke, perhaps, wax that no one saw the point at all—a matter which rather tended to make him feel a little small. A verv amusing part of the lecture was Mr. Pearse's account' of the conversion of Anthony Cock'a wife. Of course to gain an adequate idea of the enjoyable features of the narrative, one should hear Mr. Pearse—his reproduction of the Cornish dialect being as near perfect as well could be. Anthony, as the story runs, becomes converted; and his Vile temper and devilish nature undergo a change. Bashfully bo tries to show his wife that he IB striving to lead a new life. He goes bome and lights the fire ; and, this being done, he awaits his wife's coming. He eilently prays, " Oh, Lord, show her Tfty great love. We lit the fire, haven't we; tbe tire'll preach a better sermon than me"; and out he slips through the back door. He returns after an absence of a fortnight. Something more muBt be done besides fire-lighting—something fresh. Antbnny, telling the tale to his minister, here interjects, " Oh Master Pearse, tbe Lord do make you wonderfully clever, don't He ?" The letturer tells as he goes on how Anthony tries the silent eloquence of boot-polishing, whioh duty done he again slips out to his work in the mines. Tbe next effort to show his wife the mastery he is gaining over his own selfishness is in the direction of drawing pitchers of water ; and once more he goes forth silently, leaving his work to do its pert in bringing his wife to a knowledge of better things. Anthony stays out to a prayermeeting till 11 p.m.; and is locked out. He has to fight against his temper; but heBUOceedB. He repairs to the cemetery close by, to await whatever may eventuate. At last the wife comes out, to seek him ; and at 2.30 a.m. she finds him trembling with a dread that it isa ghost he sees approaching. The wife tellB her story, of a heart touched at last; and the two go home to pray together that light may be shed into her heart as it has been into his. Of such little anecdotes the lecture was full; and the audience appeared to be charmed with the manner in whioh the rev. gentleman made his points. After a fervent admonition to all to show in their daily lives the spirit of their MaBter, Mr. Pearse concluded his addresB with the remark that he knew no better way to preach the love of Christ than to tell his hearers of incidents such as those of Old Bosie's life, or those appearing in Anthony Cock's account of his wife's conversion. After the customary vote of thanks the meeting was brought to a close with singingand the Benediction. 