HOUSE OF RIMMON. a UTOBIYOF TIB "BLACK COUNTYR , 80UTH STAFFORIDSHILE. By JEANIE GW 'NNE BET NY, Author of AuIt Sasxs' Two LItaton," o. CHAPTER LIX.-TIE PA?ns or FREEox. After her mother's death and burial, Made rind returned to Mr. Saltring's without any resitence on her father's prt. It was agreed between her uncle and herself that she should not part suddenly from those who had be friended her in her sore need. Moreover, they determined not to be pre:ipitate in letting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham well knew that nothing short of the most dexterous action would ensue for his niece any recognition by them. Besides the Ssltringa, oaly one family was admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers; and that clme about this way. Mr. lockingham had resolved to make in. quirie? aeto the 1sares Pelbois had visited when he had come to Langton; and fortune so far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy be chanced to inquire first Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, he looked frst on the church steps for Jody, who was indeed there, smoking his little dirty pipe. He tauched his hat as the a R aman approached, and then waited forMr. ocigham to address him. "It's not worth swearing about, Jody, put in the clergyman. "It a plain question, and requires only a plain answer." " Have you seen i atrange, foreign-looking ?antlema ahbot here anywhere i" Mr. Rock anglam asked. " An' if I haven't," responded Jody, solemnly lookWti upwards, " may theLord-" "Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to give thelan answer required, but thaths perhaps took the word in a wrong sense, " he wor the darnedest tongue-" "That isn't quite what I meant," explained Mr. Rdckinghsm. " Do you happen to know whom he came to see 1" "It might ha' been me," replied Jody, shaking his shagg~ head, by the way as he called me' my fnend,' when he ought to ha' knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polecat, -r my missisyonder, than 'i. re never been well sin' be wor here, and p'm feared as he withed me ilL" ," Well, well," said Mr. Rockingham, grow ing patient nder this tirade, for he felt sure he referred to Pelbo, as m? a place like agbn a foreigner was o rare a visitor. "What was he likeP' "' I don't know," answered Jody. I couldn't abide to look at 'im. He looked black enough, I know that; an' he pulled a hat over his facs, he did, an' heased me to show 'im the way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grumble at the road. An' 0 Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of'im; he wor the aggrartmeet frriner- " Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this pointby the clergyman. lie looked after him as he disappeared down' the road, with a fixedeye of disappronaL "Oh!" he exclaimed, "I thought he wanted toknow about it, but it's like 'em all--they all leave me to talk to the ghoeteee. I ain't sure the ghosteses ain't better to talk to : they don't snap a man's noseoff in a.answerin' of'em, ?e gheoates don't. Old Betty might, but she ain't a right and proper ghost to my mind, an' she couldn't walk for a good while afore the died, sol don't suppose 'er ghost can walk." And the old man lled his dirty pipe again. It was a habit of his to haul about a spade, as another man might have done a stick, as a mark of ofEe. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that was appro priatetohis ofce; and between his puffs he sang it now, though he hadn't the faintest notion of keeping in tune, and had considerably ?utilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best wa- * rve bmried 'em deep, and my duty I've done; and one line, refeming to the numbers the gravedigger of the song had buned, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once in singing this song at the Ball's Head, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions-no, not companions, for ho had none-but to one of those seated beside the same fire with himself at that time, " If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the church, anl I could 'ave the borin' of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin' at the end of it myself. When I know as I've l?irel more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done." Mi. Rockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, inhabited by the doctor and his an :y. Doctor Towers had always had a rieadly feeling for Mr. Pocingham, because behad never taken adrantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affairs, sohe was always welcome when be e alled. The tiny siltingroom was empty when Mr. Rockingham entered it, and sat down on one of the chintz-covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. The doctor was just starting out on his flnt aond, but he came at unce to Mr. Rocking ham. " You are just gongout, I fear," he began, Sand what I have come about cannot be put in a nutshell. Had I not better walk with If you don't mind,"' said the doctor, "I should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about" The clergyman took his hat and put it on, as the sign that he was ready, and he and the doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. "I hope you will not think," began the clergyman, with some difidence, " that what I am going to say is undue interference with our affairs. It youwill have the patiuce to har me, you will see that at any rate I am as deeply mp1cald as any one can be in the aflair of whch I am going to speak. and my aly motire is to libeate you, if posemble, from whatmust be, if my surmite are corret, a motbittterbond. A man who hasaeau?d me the bitterest trouble my life has known is, I fin, also monneted with your house." The doct'or's great chest beared, and his paecsigeyes caught all the expression of the a ac', f eso k hePO,. Sn of your mtr-ied sister is the asnasasthatof the man I have alluded to, I have traced theman to your house." The doctor's face became very pale. "Will you tell me in the same friendly spirit In which auk, if that man ever profeosed to "He did marry her," replied the doctor, boarsely. "Can you give me the drtel'" "It was February, 18-." "You are sure of that ' "I have reason euonh to be eure." 4)r .Is "Then," said the clergyman, "I am, indeed, a messenger of good to you." "How can you be?" " He is not your sister's husband." "Explain yourself.' "lie married my sister before that date." The doctor stood still in the road. The clergyman also stopped. The two men looked at each other, a new meaning in each face. What a bond there is in a common sorrow: That interchanged look made these two men brothers. "Strange, passing strange!" said Towers. "How can I reoice in your presence ? I feel as if you had taken my place in a prion.coll. All the rest is smell," he added, thinking of his saister. " compared with her bearin his name and being his wife. That he had betrayed, ruinediher, seems nothing to it. At least she is still mine, and need never trouble herself about him again." "Ilow you must have suffered," responded the clergyman sadly, "to have learnt your lesson so well! I too have had to learn that the case is less wretched when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man, than when he has the right to call her his property, and bid her go and come, and none are able to help or forbid. when I saw Pelbois he told me he had been somewhere after money. Itare you indeed been paying him to leave to you what was not his to claimi" "That is the whole story." "Then it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after alL" "You have indeed; you have removed the shadow that covered oaorhouse. Deathremoved one; you have removed the other. If ~ings like this happen to me, I shall believe the is a God of mercy after all." The clergyman did not begin, a some very young curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this man of science the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. Rockingham confined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, he was aru-shted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance up ward, and his eye were swimming with tears. They walked on a little further, and the doctor said, "You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so dclose a friendby what you have done, that it cannot be wrong in meto ask you if your sister is beyond the reach of that man." "She is levond the reach of that man,beyond the reach of everyone. 'Man coult not freeber, so God did it:" and he added, s if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man,whom he had repected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering "My sister bad a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." The doctor looked inquirincly. "You must guess it already. Madeline is my niece, but I do not wish it to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer inm justice at their hands. She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her right ful pteinion." "Pride is a hard dictator at times." re marked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. " That is true," replied the vicar, " and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when I took my poor darling's remains to their restingplare inm the family vault Dlt I have a plan in my head that shall right Madeline, and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt. ring's as before, which she is very willing to do." M.ore might have been said, but the doctor's time wasef importane, and they were at the gate of the house e was to visit first. Dr. Towen wa so light hearted when he entered his patient's room, so very chatty that the very sight of lhm produced a good efect; and when he had left that house and was once more in a country lane, he found himself unwontedly singing. Then when at last tbe was at liberty to return home to his nsnal early dinner, he made some purchases of special dainties in the village, out of their reach hitherto, and sent themon before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in the basket herself when it arrived, and called her sister's attention toit. " What an be the meaning of his spending all this moneyi" aid Madame Pelbois, as we shall continue to call her. "These things must be so expenaire. It's so early in the season." "I tellvon what it irt" said Amy, patting her thm hands together tightly, "we are some. how in luck." " Very much so, indeed," said Dr. Towers, coming upon them. "We shall be hereafter as other people, peaceful and unmnolested. Isn't that something?" The two poor ladies looked almost seared. What ouldtheythink? He took each by an arm and led them into the little sitting-room, and closed the door. "Girls," he said, "I declare for the fist time this room does seem to be horribly small and inconvenient" His sisters dared not speak. They were almost afraid of this mood of his. The doctor was only amused by the fear in their faces, and tantalisingly went on, holding bad news as it were high above their heads. "What do you say to the gabled white house, Amy?" "The gabled white house! Mr. Richard. son's hous?"' "Not Mr. Ilichardson's now," said the doctor, his face smiling all over. "Don't you think it would suit us?" "Why do you talk of such things," answered Louisa deprentingly, "when you know they are quite out of our reach " "Out of ourreach they were," replied the doctor, "so long as other people spent our money for us; but not so if our inoome were ourown. Wehave never been short of income, but others have spent it for us; that has been it, and that is all ended." "He is dead!" excaimed Madame Pelbois with a gsp. "They he is dead !' " Dead to you, my Louisa, for ever and ever," said the doctor, taking her face, so thin and careworn, between his two large hands. "lIe is dead to you. He is to you as if he had never lived. You have had a bad dream, that is all. None of it has ever been," he went ca, look. ing with gloawing eyes at the pale fac he held. " We must all blieve that," "Tell us what you have heard, at once," insis'.ed Amy. "eYouhave heard something; tell as the meaning of it alL" "My love," said the doctor, " there is nothing to tell ht this. Louie is your own, very own sister, just au if she had never gone awary; no one else has any right over her. There as no more to tall than that. He has been a villain to ryn, Louie; but it is all over. Ie has no right ver you: he never bad. He dare not trouble us again. Hie was a married man at thve rytim - " Ho did not nish his sen tenr, and it was not needed. It wa all understood now. rerbhapI the doctor would not hare looked so ldusalpitod when Lous abowid no sign of pleasure had he weighed core carefully the diference between his position and hers. He had looked for a wild outburst of joy from both his siters at the news he had communi. -ated, and it was received indead silence. The doctor had not made allowance enough for the physical and mental degeneration which come so often to womcn who sit at home and suffer, while the happier men go forth to work. They had nact the power left in tcm to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they had that innate fear and suspicion that come of such eperiene, and could not allow their minds to trust that they had at last sure ground benslath their feet. When the doctor saw the cold and a.s thetic way in which they received the news, his heart sank nto a depreecion for the time being as deep as that which hai been his for years until that morning. In his depress~an he began to ask himself whether the news be had bhard wta true, whether behadbeen too hrsty; whether, in fact, theirtrouble was over: and he feltthat nothing could remove this torture of mind but some omive proof.So with a kind of prophetic iulse, he said to hit sies.' "You don't re alise it. I will fetchyou proof;"and wentout. As he spoke the words they were echoed back to him as if some one else had spoken them; and a grea: courage welled up within him. He was not going to seek proof; he wu going to fetch it; un naturally enough his feet took him into the nicarage. lie wus not long there; and when he came out with, if anything, a more buoyant look on his face than he had worn in the morning, car worthy seaton accosted him with " HaOs a fever brokes out, Doctor Towers ?" "Not that I know of," answered the doctor, not wishing to be interrupted. "0 lord," said Jody, discorulately, "I thought there woo; you lootk so jolly glad. And, he added, explanatorily, "other folk's trouble's yours and my blessin', ain'tit, doctor? Folk, die so we can live, don't they?" "Idon't get my living by killing people,'' reeponded the doctor snappiuhly, and walked on, with his hand pressed against his side, where his poc t was, as if he had a pale in it. Hle hngd penhis door, to the reriona damage of the lock. But what of that ? He would not be there lrng, he knew. He found the lettenrs where he had left them. "If you want proof," he said, "look here." It was a se.o.tde copy of a marriage certificte. "It's true, Louisa." said Amy. "Yon were never married to him at all;" and she began to feel something of her brothcr' ety of pirit "a sere is foar wommhbot , wif ," w t 'd-me Pslbos titn rly~, " that you emphin lydisgr'ce? Itlm notlhis wife, what am I ? A digrced being, fit onlyt to creep to corner, and hide, and die." I "Why should you die, because you hart 'been deceived?" replied her brother. "After all, is not anything better than to know your. self the property of that man!" "At the cost of being no longer an honest woman," rejoined Louisa, with bitter irony, "I am to have my freedom from him at that price. Look here," said the doctor, striking the table with his heavy fist till it shook. "Lel me hear none of that society cant about honest women. Is society your God to judge you i I believe," he went on, with an energy thai eaused the little room to vibrato, "that all thin world's judgments willbe reversed in another, There can be no disgrace where there is no sin.' "BLut I live in the world, and what will th world call me when they getto know ?" "Cin it matter what the world calls you, when it called the greatest and purest being that ever lived, blasphemer? Hold up your head, and do not fear. Give the li to any word, by your look. Integrity is stranger t slander, and silent truth mvulnerable againsl busy lies. I promise you, you shall have or tine to dwell on this; you shall be up and doing. I meanto take the white house I slpoke of; not to leave you in it all day when I'm away, though. I shall do what Mr. Saltring lont ago recommended; Ishall have a carriage, aid you shall go out with me; and you can't think about everything all at onoe." Louisa only looked more melancholy at a? this, said to cheer her. She would have to learn like a child how not to be miserable; and it threatened to be as hard a lesou a any she had ever had to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguino. Nothing seemed to check the sudden flow of his spirit since he had had the proof. And before long the white hoouse scheme was carried into execution, much to the general satis. faction of the Langtonians, who looked upon the doctor as their property, and his respects. bility as in some way or other reflected upon them. CHAITER LX.-Kcaun Srsaxs. "Mamma," said Lucy Beredith, looking up fromsome work she was doing, "I can'tbe quite happy, for Rupert looks so sad. I thought at least we should be happy to-day, when to. morrow we are to be marred." "You cannot expect him to look happy, my dear, until it is all over. It is afterwards you may hope to make him happy, and then you must not exrect everything to happen in a day." I wouldn't so much' mind, if I could feel sure it would come right afterwards." "Nobody can know the future," M~s. Beredith replied; " it is wellthey can't. You'll be all right, so long as you do not demand too much ofa man who has hd his experience. Hie can't help growing to love you, Lucy. I am sure he was beguning to lorve you before he saw.~ i h. If you. are always kind and gentla, d willing to let him. be gloomy and silet'und never look gloomybd silent your self becauso of it, I will answset.o'it, it will be a happy a marriage as anyonl tould desire." And the good lady thought in her own mind, and it may be forgiven her, that Lucy was, after all, so much more lovable and more suit able to be Dr. Elworthy's wife than Keoiah. "You see, my dear," the went on. " ou will go right away from England, and be seeing new things. There will be nothing to remind him of England and trouble; and enjoying things together is sure to prove a great tie. Lucy smiled, though not very happily, "But what if," the said, with hesitation, "it should all prve wrong afterwards? What can we do then?"' Mrs. Beredith held up her white fat hands deprecatingly. "Those are only morbid fancies," she said, "foolish, morbid fancies. When I married your father, I wondered whether we should get on. and all that sort of thing, and what could happen if we did not. But we got on all right, and were the best of friends, though it was't exactly alove match.' And her eyelihds trembled a little, and her ample bosom beaved. "Bat, you see, papa had never loved any. body but you." "But I had lovel some one else," replied her mother; and seeing Lucy's astonished look, she gathered her apron up, with her work in it, and abruptly changed the subject "We'll see if Elin has finished those things, so that we can fasten p that box, at any rate. You had better come up and have them tried n ; or else you may find some dificulty when you get away. You won't find your buttons come off; I've sewn them on. But if anything should come undone, don't forget that thelittle sandal wood box in the corner of the tin trunk has got everything for mending in it. When I went away wita your poor pupa to Scotland, I never got to the bottom of one of my boxes; and part of a founce came off a puce dress I had, quite a favourite of your poor papa's; and we couldn't get any eol to match it, to mend it with, and I wu so vexed that none had been put into mybox. And when Icame back and the boxes were unpacked, there was plenty of that silk at the bottom of one; so my advice to you is, unpack your boxes when you get awaT, and see what you've got lint you won t have much trouble, because the odds and ends are not spread about as mine were, and all the mending things are together in the sandal box: anl other little boxes have each a label on them, so you can know what's in by look. ing outside. When I went away I was always unwrapping cr undoing the wrong thing, and you sha'nt have any of that trouble. But come now, leave what you are doing, and we'll see if the bodices fit. Dear. dear," she said, in going upstairs, "I hope Miss Richards won't be long before sending those dresses; you'll have to go without them if she's much longer; for I'm quite determined no box shall be let to be dosed to- morrow morning. None of my boxes were dosed the night before, when I went away, and everybody was in such a dread. fal flurry on the morning that they didn't get half futened op; and when we got to Carlisle, they just threw my boxes out of the ran on to the patform-those rters are so carelees-and one was quite open when I came up to it, and it was so full that your poor gsps and two porters had to sit on it to get it to shut again, and all the people laughed; and then it wouldn't lock, because ta lock was broken; and your poor papa had to give five shillings to a porter to get some crd of his own and do it up. Oh, the way orur poor papa threw about the money ipertr won't do that, I guess." they were now standng in Lucy's room, which was in a pretty disorder. Not a chair, nota table, but held its treasure of beautiful garments made for ths important event. There were far more than could have been necessary; but ?sa child has never too many dresses for its doll, so the mothercan never get enough dreses for her daughter who;s going to be moanesi. " Look, Lucy," said Mrs. Beredith, dropping: on her knees in front of one of the open boxnes:; "all the lmen is together in thLs box. I think itmuech better thatron should have all of one kind of thing together. Mine was sadly mixed up when I went away." She took no notice that Lucy did not reply to anything she was saying. It was but natural that the child sheuld be quiet. There omld be nothing remarkable in that The betices were next fitted, and proting satisfactory, took their larce in one of the boxes. "1Who is that coming opetairsi" said Lucy, when she was pu'ting cr. her dress again. "Hlow can I te!l, my dear" rcprlh Mrsn. Bleredith. "Buthow scared you look! You shouldn't allow yourself to get so nervous." Mrs. Beredith might have admonished her self on the some robject moment later, for she uttered a wild cry. In the doorway stood Keziah. with a face so white, eyes so un naturally dark, and a nanner so agitated, that anyone might have been forgiven forc being frichtened at right of her. Lucy trembled like arn Lpn. Keoah sthaed at them both ke an aidal at bay; the iat all the preparations,. Ier wild eyes trook in every. thing. With a sudden movement she placed herseIf before Lucy, and was clutching he at arm's length. "Lucy," she said, "you cannot do it Y'c must no do it. You dare not do it!" Lucy had such a terrifid look in her face that her mother interpoel.. "heriob," she s.id, "it is not knd, it is not generous of you to come l king wildlyt . "It is, it is," cried Xirh, lootng ?'dly into Luor's face, nod ot a.t all a: Mrs. Bre ditu. "I know what it is, L.ucy. You have no r:ght to do it." "e,,rh ,"said Mr.'Beredith, pitileosly, "I must beg you to lena my chi? d." "Oh, no, no, to," crid ,KGezi, "I will never let her go, I will never leave her, till she has promised never to commit this s:n tginst me. Lacy, heis notyoun, heimine, mine, she eed, flinging ap her arms, "you know he ismine. God knows eis mine." "Lucy opened her pale lips, and a voice spoe from between them, that neither of the others wouldhave reognis8d It was at Keutle she but fur olazh; she was quits senseless in her "Lot her down," shrieked Mrs. Beredith, "you fare no right to touch her. It was an evil day oun ever cae to thie house, isaiah dsglter's handle, uxlooang ba thins, and performing all the other cffies usal on such occaisonA. Lucy's eyes opend, and they fell on a white stin dres that ung on a h't-t-covere chair. Her brow was contrated ainfilly, andl he said with great efort, "Take them all out of my sight, mamma. Never let ce see one of them again, as you love me." Mrs. Beredith groaned, and looking fixedly at Keiab, who was holding t a bel-port, she bean to rin abuse upon her. "lohk what you hare done, and pehrfn your crel heat will be utified- Oh, would not be you for all the world, to have mado so many people miserble as you have. Whereve: you lave been yon hare bought sorrow, and all of your own choosin and willing. If were you, Kezih, I would go to the uttermort parts ofe a rth and hide yelf. You a a very heartless, wicked girl." eziah's great eyes stred at Mr Beredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not what for. Her face wu rigid, and one little hand wu so tightly shut by her side that the mlrk of every nal was left in the pink palm. She loosed her hold of the bedtead, and moved her hands desolately and helpleosly before her. "What can I say? What can dol" said poor Keziah. "Nobody will beliee ny good of me, I know. Pcrh t" Ohl ..?de, h ing ito a pttu onate flood of temr "if I had had a home like Luy's, and a diffeent bringing up altogether, Ihouldn't have done all I bave. Bat t'no matter. Oh," she cried, in a heartbroken tone, "if I had never wanted to do what was right at all, I might have been happier. Everything has always gone contrary with me; I will ve p ting. Oh, I hope no one will ever like meat aml sy more; then I shan't make them miser. able. Oh, God," she aclaimed with a sudden energy, "I wish I had never been born; it waSn't worth while." Anyone wrho could havo seen her at that moment would have pitied her -except Mrs. Beredith; and how cold he be expected to do so, with her own child lying dsolate upon her breast, ndone by Kezia ? "You were always so headstrong." cried re. Beredith, roughly. "You would never be adviseod." "Who ever tied? You dont know you don't know, Mrs. Beredith, what i is to be ob. liged, whether you like it or not, to judge and act for yourself when you are ever, ever so oung, and to hare no one care what you do -cause they like you; it makes you head. strong." ' "I am ?ure you had a chance when you came here," slid n. Beredith, unbendingly. "I knao i," replied Keishl, humbly. "But I couldn't change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she aid, a bitter smile passn over a white face, "thos thing that are hammered in hard ti:k fast, and if yo pull them out the mark is left. I don't know," he continued, "why I was made with o many. cornero, and with oý much wish not tohlaT y. "It demn't go hgeer, not at all." Y "ou could alswarallk," rejoined Mrs • th, "and wise lyf oueh, no doubt. But a our ats have beeftolh , all of them." S"t is quite true," said Keiah, with an evidentoaer-willinog.s to own herself in the wro n. "I have come here now to try and undo some cf it." "A nice way to undo it," retorted Mrn. Beredith, hotly. "You come to eek for your. self, and to make my child desolate-the who loved him alallcn,, better, much ttter, than you did. How did the treat you ? You are proud. You have often aid to. You don't like it to be said that he threw you oe , and imurid another. " Doyou think," b-cke out Keih, totly, in her turn, " that that is what I hve come or ? Do you think I woald have come at all, had I believed he would have been happy with her, or she with him I" " He would have loved her if he hia married her," said Mrs. Beredith, caressing the white face that lay upon her.bocm : " when he was bound to her, and it wa his duty to thLn of no other." " Oh, Mrs. Bredith," criea Kez`ih, with a face that spoke of experience, "duty and poibility are so far apart sometimes. Love does not come after mairige that has not been there beore." " You know nothing about it," said Mrs. Ieredith, "nothing at al." "Perhaps I know more than most," rejoined Keziah, " about that." "I sppose Dr. Elworthy knows nothine, then," replied Mr. Beredith, indignantly. "He wu neither blind nor mad when he proposed to my daughter." " Yet," answered Kec?ah, in a soft voice, and very sdly, " he was both blind d mad. Ihave trodden this dark path. I could not let him tread it too. He is my husband before God; no one has rightto ke him from me. Lacy," he said, suddenly, kneelisg down by her side,'" can yon forive me i" "Oh, don't," aid Mrs. Beredith, a if she could not bear to hear it. " Let me kiss you before I go; I may never see you again" begged Kezni, in an enticing tone, so flpathos, few could havre irted it "You willki me' he'repeated. The girl trned her face nearer toher mother, away from Kei.a, and moaned: " Some day, perhaps: I cannot now." Kedah looked once more at the mother. It was of no nue to ask any mark of reconclia tion from her, o she lt the room and gently cloed the door behind her. CHAPTER LXL-RST AT Ar.. About 7 o'clock the same erecing Mr. r Beredith's front-door bell rang, and Dr. ] Elworthy was announced. Mrs. Beredlth sent down a message that ahe wu unable to him. This he interpreted in a sen far from the true one. It wa, afterall, not to be wondered at, on the evening before she was to loe her daughter. But he wrote upon a car, "I most eanestly beg that you will see me." He expected thai on receipt of thi, she would forthwith makeher .ppoarnmce, :urri.ed, per. haps, and peevih, from being fcrced aCainst her will. But it was some little time btfore ahe came. Her eyes were red and Ewolle3. Elworthy at nce noted this,a and tributed it to the prospectie Ios of her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and taw that something was wrong with him too. She, who had seen him through hai worst times ofi trouble, could not rec;dile: a single occasion I when he had looked so ill and wretched as he did now. he~ oast softeed towards him 1 for a moment. " How ill yo look !" she said. "Mrs. Beredith," he began, advancing to- 1 wards her with his chin upon his brest, "I am cometoprove myelfavillaic. But yoa must I forive me, for you will be the gainer." lie ira'.ntlr perceived she did not nnder tmand hin. lie would have to speak more i plainly. " who ought to be happy. am perhaps of i all men moet mieraeble. In ts leventh hour I come, Ua I have said, like a villian, to beg for I my relewo." "IsI. Beredii had one hock, ut hehajl not < epected this to follow it " So you have seen her I" was her reply, in a bitiogtnce. , ee her !" cried Fiworthy, throwing bhrlk the hair from his brow with a desperata im lalience. "No, I have not. I moy never e e her again But I cannot so wrong your daughter as to bind her to me, when with I my whole being I love another woman to dis traction." " You might at I ,t sre found all ths out : before," exclaimed lir. Beredith, shaking from a head to foot. " I deserae all you can say to me." he t answered. " But, believe me, I have tried to do it I have tried not to break faith, but it I was not in human nature. You have seen my I anguih and my temptation, my hop less a misery for love of that woman, which .. as i strong to-day as ever it was. Can you not pity a me, a very little perhaps, but still ptity me r And perhaps make Lucy know some time how Ithanked her in my heart for her goodwill t towards me, and re6p:tld her. and would die I at this moment could I undo the sorrow I have caIosd toher andto others?" Mrs. Beredith taured her head, and cast down her eyes, while she moved one foot up a and down the carpet. d "She will not talk about dying,." rejoined a Mir. Meredith at last; " he will do it. Oh, l why could you not have let us alone when we were happy, when the poor child had taught a hereelf not to think of yea ? It was very. very cruel of you. She has not deserved it of c "No, ae has not deserved it," said 1 Elworthy, compassion ly. "I have called p myelf a illan. If yo knew a worse epithet, c I would ue it now. Mn. Beredith, hear me, try and hear me. God is my witnees that I 3 have tied to fuli my word to Lucy. That is r why I appear in so much worne a light in a coming at the eleventh hour totreak faith with a her." v At the words " break faith with her," Mn. Beredith froze again. " You might have d spared yourself the troulble Dr. Elworthy," h he said; "Lacy would not have married yeu. a There i a letter on its way to your house now I to tell you so." And then she made half a I movement, as if to end the interview. g He looked at her with an accumulated amazement in hi face, u if thia thing were k quite beyond his comprehensicn. a SLucy isill," went on the lad'. "Im?st i g thlt ' ou will luw me? th~t may go to t Hi heart matehim at these words. " She has seen my trouble," ht thought, "[and has released me voluntarily." "How shll I peak " he said. " How shall I express my gratitude to her for her nobe act in releasing me of her own acrord ? Next to her, who is indeed a part of my very being, Lucy Beredith ranks among women. Some day, along tine hence, perhsp, I may be able to tell her so." "Do not riletake the s.!uat;on, Dr. Elworthy," said the mother, with a tcrnble efTortevident in her manner. " It is this other 'woman who has done it, and not my or rbild It is Keiah lackbiit who has been hLre.'! HII heart at there words boat so violently he could hear it. lie thought Mrs. Beredith must hear it too. lHe cried in a frenoied tone, hysterical laghter breaking from him with these words, 'S has been here! ae ! 0 mylove, my lovel" He quite forgot he was stanling in the presence of the mother of the other girl wholoved him, and whom he was forsaking. His cheeks, that had grown so sunken and pale, were lushle with excitement. Wild laughter again and again broke from him, and then the tears, hot and large, rapidly chased each other down his cheeks, and he repeated again and again: "She cae here! She did IOh'my brave girl my own Keisah All this was more than Mrs. Beredith could bear. She fled from the room, and he did not seem tonoticethat he was alone. When he did perceive it, however, it was the work of a moment to take his hat, which he hadpat down on the table, and to rush from theplace in an ecitacy of uncontrolsble joy. He understood what each an act meant. e.iah had come, and prevented him marrying another. He sped along the streets by instinct rather than i elst till he seached his own house. e entd the msurgery, where Gerald Harwyn was making an entry ma book. Elworthyin two stridaes crossed the surgery to where Gerald Harwyn was standing at the desk, and seizing his hands, the one with the pen as well as the other, knocked over the ink without noticing it in the least, and haook Gerald's hands until his coast sleeves were per forming the ofice of blotting paper in the pool upon the book " Gerald, my boy, congratulate me! " The 'happy ever after' time of the story has come. A denced longtime it's been cominm." " Icongratulato you," said Gerald, in his own mind fearing ls poor triend had oat his wits. But tell me what for." "Can you ask You, a man of your intel ligence, can ask such a thinag TEe:e is but one ' happy ever after to my story." " Wel', well," said Gerald, nol understand ing. "If you'll stop mopping ul, that ink with my coat sleeves, and sit down and tell me all about it, I shall be better able to juire how much right you have to congra:ulations." " he'been toher:" sid L'lworthy, hughing Lo saously. "She's - been -- to - Ler," repeated Gerald, checking the wcrds cff on his finger.. tWhIo has been to whmet ? lHang i, man, be a little more explicit" ' "Keziah, of course," replied Elworthy. "She'sbeen to Lucy and put i: all right. I couldn't stand it any longer; so, after I had seen the lat patient, I went round there to beg Lucy to free me. You know I should have sinned against her if I Lad married her." " Hang it if I can understand what you hare to rejoice so much about:" said Gerald, hotly. "It's very heartless of you, and very sdels,, to be thinking so touch of yourself, when you have mtde that sweet girl e. m:erot'.e It was a dsst'rdlv trick of you." "I was mad when I did it, you knhr I was, Gerald; but I pray Lucy may forgive me." "Some kinds of madness ought to be punish able, I think," said Gerald, apnplying blotting paper to hi sleeves and the rage of tte hook. "I think I have teen punished for every lind of punishable madness, then," returned Flworthy. Gerald went on rimly mopping up the ink. "Why didn't you do as I told you. and tell her at once, and not let her go on till the very day before the weadding, and ten break es with her. It is a sneaking trick." "I know it is. Go ahead, old man. Pitch into me as much as you like. Nothing could make me miserable, now I know she loves me enough to have done that" "Has she been there to-dtyi" inluired Gerald. "Yes, to-day. I wonder if she hbs left Leamington," he added, conrultiag his watch. "Of course they have." "Well, there's another train yet The train I em going by. They may not have gene." "Why, there's a horse coming rouna," said Gerld. "Why, it's yours, and a boy t.nging it ?" "Ob," edclaimed Elworthy, with a burst of joyou laughter, "I left it f:teaed to the "I wish to goodness you hadn't knocked this ink over. I don't know for my life now whether it's June or July or Agus theecases are do a n for., "They'll let you know when the time comes.' said Elworthy. "Anyhow, I'm of." And he took his hat again, and went to the railway station. The train for Manchester was waitg, but not ready to start. Ie ran the length of the train. hnuglv ensconced in a brst-class carriage, sat Kezeah, and by her side was her uncle David, comforting her. Etwcrthydidnot speak to her. He rushed and got his ticket, then quietly eteTppd into the carnage as the train was m ing of; and taking her little hands in his, spoke not one word: bat they looked into each other's eyes, and were at rest. Poor David, who was always beinr eart:edin one way or another, stared out of the window and blew his nose, with ast'cishing i?.-isaten:y conasiering he had not a cold. CHAPTER LXII.-WE as o ?I P'o.rs As Keeiah particularly wished that her happy wedding should take place from the same house which nad witnesed her ill-fated uricu o hack bit, and as Mr. :Pemon eagerly wc:L~ ee any plan which allowed of his showing hs newly. aOcquired furniture to a festive portv, Dr. Elworthy was persuaded to appar a'. Juml:ey in thecharaterofabdideigroom. But: we should not dwell upon any incidents nc-cected wta this wedding, were it not that Made'ne had been -speiallry presel to come with Mrs. Sal: ring from Lasg.on, and had yielded after much solicitation, beinc quite ignortrt that impler retided at Mr. timmcu'a Even Rimplers do no: know everything that concerns them; and tilas happened never to hear Miss Orme's name as one cf the invited guests, and failed to learn that she had astuotly arrived, for he had tken up his i;uarntenr tenmporrilyatthebotel. Hlunde.trhlaslarge a portion as posdible of the cutndealrrane ments for the wedding, and had even refused to sit down at the wedding-'reakift, that he nightseethat everlything was serit in in dtue order, and that there should be a edeLy with He had, however, dropped in aft:er Koech wenlt upstainr, when the carge ws e:adin?g at the door; and had drank to ge:iah in her absence. Itw sat thispintthat Macetieand Mrs. Saltring suddenly went cut of the crrom. No one thought anything of this; at a wedding breakfast somebody net unfrequen:lo goes out, at some stage cr other, overcme; and the generalattentonwwasdrawnawaru from Madeline and Mrs. altring'e exit hiy te e::aordicnary exupresF:on of countenance Miss Dcras pet an at the entrance of Mr. Itmpler. There wns nomis taking the look; it was roe of mingled aestd, malice, contempt, and deiC.ce, which rnly some faces can com?b:ne in ne enprr ic. Ervery body saw the look, in cuding Mr. Ri?ir!er him self, who was clever enough to show no eign of it, but in cuseojuence had to concentr te his alttentiaon in esuch a manner that he did not notice who went out of theroom. Mr. Bimplerhad msdeasort o rogramme for the entertainmontof the weddon gugaets, at Mr. Rimmon's suggestion. Af:er breakfast the 1 whole party was to be drivon to Atgletcn P'ark, the seat of Lard Jamley; and at a pretty country inn on the out:kirta cf this pr-k, a dainty lunch had been ordeed fCr .i.. The day was a glorious one, as if to fnavour this schemes; and Ketih had sarcly been waved off befcre two carages arrived for this epedtion. To every one's surprie, and 1to the gret annoyance of some, Madeline begged not to be onae of the party. Mrs Saitring could say noth. ing in expt-nation, thocgh se did her bet that would content the others. The dr:rive waould do Madeline good. Madeline must ccme; andshe, poor girl, with the face of alabatter, at length 1 cnausented to go. Mr. Rimpler hod made inquiree ashout Madeline ELine encountering her at the Salt rings' and had resenatly wcrmed it out of some one wo knew, that she was Mr. Rockingtham's niece. Ie could hardly havte told why, but this feature in the case made him apTear to i himnself aworse villain It was rnt then on the daughter of an ordinary music-hall singer that t he had prnctise his fraud. Such ersoens were used to that sort of thicg, he thought. But it was a lady, of noble descent, who bad been sacrificed by a direct imp.ation on her own good nature and unoelhneos. a Letit not be inferred, however, that Rimpller I induded any other than thi one art cf his lif a under thedenominstion of villainy; the rest was all fahir play. VWhere there were fools, tharemust be knaves, he cnideed. It wasa I pkoriai ofn nua?e which won?ld impreae the rane, socner or later, by sharpening the said fools on the knave's grindstones. He had often argned this in his own mind, as an ocau pation t the dark, at his window. It is caly nature. Mr. Iteipler would think; eerythiLng is linked to everyth icg else in nature. ,'hat a pist the flies would b, i it wete e;at i r s'fe spiders to eit them up. `o with many other disagreeable thin's, natura'proadrd a chek' to the undue multiplication of foals. Then ewas it his fault that he had: bten chcen an inctru mcnt to this latter end ? Nt at a!l. It was a merit rater. The humanu race had much to thank him for, and those like him. He had hearod sof eiherca that phytical qulihies, even organs, degenerated, and were ultimateoly Ist und'er pr-stent disuse. Ti:e wtirt of even the wise, if not eerisaed to defeat the knaves, would thus degenerate, no doubt lIe w. a universal benefactor. He roused fools from their apathy, and exercised the wits of the wise, and in the process considerably sharrened his own. It was not for anything of this kind that he should call himself a villain. But Madeline had not been a fool, She had been caught by reaon of her own goodness aod un seltishness, and had been rendered wretched. It was clear the past could not be alterled by any amount of cursing and :reiling. He took out his pocket-book, in which we have seen him make entries; and wrote upon a leaf in it, in Italian, of which language he oew Madeline to be mistress: "Beat ease. I ee you recog nize me. I am too much ashamed of myself ever to press my alnaintan:e upon you. Isend this only that you may be sure that Ishall treat you as a stranger on all occasiona when ween may chance to meet, which is the least I can do to makereparstion." He had written this, and had folded it up and palmed it, when he found they werevery rear to the little inn; and he began to mentally gather himself together to form scme quick and undetectable plan of conaeying his little note to Madeline's hand. In his unal cool fashion, he dismounted when the carriage etopped, and gracefully helped out Mrs. Satting before M3r. Rimmon had even thought of alighting. He next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, who trembled a good deal. ie appearedprofoundly unconscious of this, and wore his gravest look. No detective could have imagined, if he had looked at Mr. Pimpler's countenance, that he had ever met this lady before; much less would he have thought he was conveying something to her hand. Madeline knew it, however; and had she not perceived by his face that he did not wish people to know they were anything but strangets, the would have ben terrified. She could not let the note fall, and chow these had been one; o her hanu closed upon it Madeline moved towards the window of the room into whichth party was introduced, with the lip of paper folded between her fingers, and nobody notice her. Her back was towards everyone; anw by a subtle instinct some women have, ehe felt she must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. Row could ehe gcess, inieed, what grave importance might attach to her knowing its contents at once Mr. Iimpler, who was engaged in giving directions to a waiter at the other end c! the room, knew hyber at'itude that she woe rea.ding th'letter; ,?.ieýok herpurse irte her cI.ket, and put the folded pper into it, just ne tse rvas joined by M?nod Towere. At this juncture M3is Dorcti, feeing othkr in the ehade for a moncot, made her way t: these two, nud, with an ineul:t egsre lee t e show a metery of, threw herself head:cne into conversation Ly remarking that the :Misa Lar.gley's dresses ;themini'ter's dau:ghteor..w3 had ben bidesmaids) were a trcure. "nd that all comets," she adlled?. "of their ::::g :t a chtaie dressmaker, as can't it, spa:ilg g0ol stru. If they'd hare come to :re, neo. t3 make them, they should have lo:ked 5: to be seen." Neither: Maud nor ,Madeline answered: beth looked extremely uncomfortable: and Mis Dorcas was not slow to see that stehhd made a mietake in addressing hor remarks lt thr. She moved off without apology, but with a great jerk; and said to her iste - iu - law, quite auditly, "that of all the e:n:k up pacocks, that Mrs. Tcwere ??d Miss What's-her-none as camne wi t n. Saltring, were the tiptop; et. Can't ho. half a word without sticking up their tenis and looking at yo, as if they could slay yea. I've no patience with proud peacocks.' Mrs. rlimmon touched her rtter.i:-law'a sleeve by way of a Lint that she was brig ovc: heard. "I'm not aehamed of what I say." -si M.L Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, owi:ng to r. PRimler's neglect of her. ' If tleole will b proud peracocks, they must expect to be :aikei. about" Mr. Ilimpler chanced to hear Dor:sat's it remark; and instantly judging at whom it wa levelled, gave Dorcas a look which would hare appalled any one else. But she was octally reckles, and would have her fling, as !he citeu said, if she died for it. With a sudden incr: ation hae looked iF.pler full in the face, and sked him when he had come to the thre: at which slly she was so much delighted that loe laughed uproarionely, attracting general a:l:. ticn to her. She ?shu:l have waite] for Rimper'aanswer. "I've never been in danger of e=o.ng :c the throne; butI have been in danger cf ting dragged against my' will to a cefts.n als? several times. That is," he added, s if to make his meaning quite clear, "I rhia?d lare been, hid not the lady hlcked all yrecosl chum both of fate and years, and ma:.ler and voice, and all the resd, having nothing it: f to drag with but her pereverance." A.i w::h this be turned away. Docres As so overpoweringly argry, .~: t te first thing she thought of-a ca" 3ton e- ae thouht in the Bl:t Country, too-wa s e purchase of vitrcl. But everyb:dy t-!e =ace an effort to past the thing over; and th:uth a: understood who the ldy referred tos w. there was not the lenet proof againt ;Mr. ii mp.tr. HI?e hoad t committed himslt in any woo. The luncheon was a great asur:o, ad -?: it the party et: out to walk in tec Jk. :'r. iUmpler had naotced .that .ladeie wo ,: r-. e comfortable than at f.rs lie was ghld cft and he now d:d his best to enter"a 3I. rs.: ring, who had fallen to his lot se-, .- had come out. All at cn'e, he beheld .-ated u:n a bcnch a woman, with grey hair and a rci?e. shawl. On hr arm w; an old e'rrv le; and she looked t.era'le e-ough for it",n, . Mr. Rimipler for soae re"on c:uld cr-u:: keep down his euitelent le r.d ts o. n. Saltring, quietly enough for all t-.:, "We must not ee a per.a look reo wretched as tb: on so gay a day;" and he fmled: t ~, rs. Saltrng, with rle.ed eye-, watried him go up to the wsean=, and k-,'cw his willing alms apon her. She d:d t: t ur, however, the few word, Mlr. I:imtIl-r erh to the woman, or she t?.iht have :--. an altogether diferent meaning in his at. In that briEf moment be had made an ar::oe,,rit with hertomeot him at the tavern they Pt c.Et qnitted, the next day. He the pa~ned ., as if nothing had o:curred; and everyhin ret cenrrilr, and everyone seened sorry wthern : was t:me to return to Junley. CHAPTIER LXIII.-- Coeot:,r Axt rt .e" The sojourn abrotd of Mr. a?d Mc. Jul timmon was ,:ccIderaoly trtracted; :.r i was nct unti the o: t week in Aucgrt t:: a Channel steameer, not t:>3 eawcrtO., wo nrering NEwhaven, with a r~eciucas ca,; n. deed. The ioumanr o ber. made u -: to7 and the eea Icoked as t!h-se a the sky aCeotesa and the white chits Suite d.o!ic: ic:te mr?roircen!light. Laura. witho p-evi.c....n tented lock upon her far:e, for which. rIe:? we cught to have some commiseratico. e i.she had Pen suferi.g from se?sicknece, wo' rc regareing the gratt siew froa t-he ei; t the ateeer. Jubxl, a th?o:ght thinner th:t when we last saw him, appeared to be c1ait: :.o effort at rol ta Prighten the pirit' ci hiL ;·-rter., but pfued away at a big c;gar qu ;:e i:t fully. Allength a mall creature in a !:e rthal came on deck and lcked timihle at-t: her. She was spycedilv filoren and hor arm tukeu bhy a Ialy who a?peartd to be her mrter. Laurs, aout cif mere crosety, watchc: the couple seor.t theselives on the side et' the steamer, and thon they turned the.r faes towards her. "Jubal," she said, g: g her 1?: a ta. "do von row who that is e" "'o, I den't; robody I know." "It's L:cyr ieredith adher muhtcr." "Can't hep it ii it is," re;.dd tal. c?:-. tinning to paif. "A lset ey u might take o little in'ci:( " what I eay." "Other peoyle take to mu:h 5:cra:t in what you ur fIor me to take much.'" "I haven'tt heghEst Ct a tin wht r:u mean," retur?lt Laura, toimng :- Lht-. " iBut there are thc cl:eliths. I w_:le: haw it wFa we didn't see them when we can cc board."' "I did see them at St. Lacare." :deere? Jubal, with the same tllr.atured tone od iock; "and I rsathen get itocur train, ,=1is..w them come on board." "Then why couldn't coo tell mec" "A nice rage you'd gst io:o if I wrre a?wsys narrating to you everybody I saw." "What a time we are getting in, when we ae so close to, and have been so f:or eos co long, to all appearance," remarked Laura, in answer to thc. "It is a homrble ! t:em?r. You ought to have looked after it better, as other gentlemen do. But no uone can opnot yopu tobea gentleman." rThere's only one gentleman in the world, we know," retorted Jutbal, " since Witl't:c2d II put in an a1 e*v*nee at Pari. ted thl devil t:own bow hi found us out" SI'm very gld he did," Paid L:ura, :r?:ely nulling a thr-ad out of her ig-e. "I! w??old have beca dull eou-h without h- . I 'ap p. re you didn't: enrru a:-c l t1 o o , a " all, did poa. You didn'ntw1n it to b th .ight:a the Lh:ci that you= fr'n was ??'oCn of a lod, did you. Jutbl " >he Calws Jtle eim J: : : v:?as I not on puticulael 'c .1i ter.r .:: b e, wiL?,, ShaI been rtatter trt- ent of L:'. 'Are you going to a to oa t tsee Bere dith'le ubul Lat nas-d, oa-n a aedftn lurch of the Alp h'd -sot hmt- i,-mii:u -?Tti a s:;ting po-:ae os1 tl.e :-r n yr his vri--he ld bees aininegLefore. Laura burst into a iluh. anl ser-al other passengeres, who had ccme oe cetek, were mnored to smile also. Jaubal s hat had fdown off, and rollet with the movement ce the vesel to the feet of the Berediths. He was very c.gry; more angry with Laura than any one else, for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, andI was as ralir in kIcv with heor s his nature .,al hbe: and h, wi.hei to b ecred, and that the word shotuld ee that she was all his own. It appeared to him that her carde's laughing at ta misfortune would ',:gestt the t inds of all who had sein it that the young lady could not be very much in lore with her busbend. The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full value to indicatioa of this kind. A wife-above all, a new wife, who is in lova with her husband-would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolihb position in a sense doubly keen. But Laura seemed nther to enjoy Jobal's discomiture as he nsuteadily followed his truant bead-gear to the feet of the two ladies lie aplogised to them as he picked his hat p nd placed it on his head; trd when he turned he saw a young French girl, an article Jubal had purchased for his wife with his uncle David's money, in the act of receiving a spirited account of his misadventure from her mistress. This was too much for Jauta He took in the ecttation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remained sulkily where he was; and the ship ploughed on through the water, trt the white cloa came nearer and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after the lug gage properly on landing, as the readiest means of avengiag h!imself on his wife for her rant of feeling; and he became better tempered in prospect of this. One thing he meant to look after, and one cnly, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, rn which he meant to pay no duty. He likewise reeoled to get drntk, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal was an appendage of her own, and the altrays remembered this when he made a beast of himself, as she alled it, thougb she appeared to hare forgotten it ust now, when Jublfell, But then, after all, t was fate that had done th: and J~hal thosa to get drun? It has been Peen that Laura made no step towards speaking tothe Beredtts. TheBere dith,, esertheese, had recogeised her, and had known her werl enough not to ea<pe^t her to -: a't them, "Ton't you tink, mamma, that Laura is handrmcr tLan ever:" Lucy said to her mother, with her eyes faxed on the white cliff they were every moment nearing. 'I ocrtai.yv do,' .Mrs. Beredith acnow leged ::nwdlinglr. She would have henglad La :L?e ftat been less evident. She was angry with Laura. " li n't ?yo think it stanre that we shoeld have te-n on the Eame hipt" " I should have tayed for the later if Lal htown they were coing over," ilo Mr. Bleredh, rather sharply; "and if -thats K.eish's brother, he's very much af her type." Here Mrs. Beredith was wrng. But we a . judge incorrectly of people aga?nst' wom we arve a precanceeved opiion. "Why doem't he go to herf" remarked Lucy. "They don'tapper to beonerygood term.!. SOh, mamma," she added, turning her wistful fare away from the chlk dis, and towards her motter, "if I had married Lin, =nd were returning with him in this steamer intead of yea, we should have been farther apart than we are now." The mother sighed, and said nothing. " I see it all dierently now, mamma," went on Lucy. " know it would never have done, and I want to tell Keziah o I am rebe now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would havehated me by now. And how much better to be separated from him s I am, than to hae him hate me, and I be tied to him. I am are fate wu kindertome than I knew;. and time is kind. When Ilast saw that shore, I was wishing I mbt never see it again; and now I am just longing to get back sad see the ild home. It was very kind oa Gerald Harwyn to write s often." Ir;. ?-eredih looked ingqiringly at her daughter, as if not quite eure what this phrase meant, inlduaced sudderly as it was, and witLout apparnt rensen. CeraldI Iarwyn Ad wnt ten regularly to Mrs. IBe-edith, to make inqoirtes sbc: Luy, since they had left England, which ,sey had dojs immediately astecr he events we hare before deecribed; and Lucy had certia)vy reai Es letters with evadent j?_asure. After all,that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it be real, is acceptable in time of pin; anl Srs. Beedeth had not attathelt mu:h meaning to Lucy's gratifiction. The etamer was at t close to theshoreand entering the ha:bour, and JubaL leisurely enouzh. advanced towards his wife and toldher she might as well gather her traps together thatwas the phrase e sed-if hbhad lft any in the cahin. They would be inin a minute. "Ptrhale you may go and ianquire about them," rejoined Laura, sacidly, '?eeing you are s"- very steady on your feet, and we are so vervnear shore." The eyes of the lttle French maid twinkled at this salr ; but the neverthe less said that Monsieur must not troablehimself to go fr hething; she wold goat once her s-elf ad see ii there were anything of. her r:-.rees loft t?lor. "At any rae, .Jual," observed Laurs, "yoo ian look after the boxes, and me that some o them dcn,'t get carried oil by somebody else." "They'll tee to that," replied Jabdl,agoly indicating he knew not whe-. " I'm not going - t bother abcut: anything except breafat. An infernal wah of coffee they'll get for s, I know." "- ult really," insisted Laura, theig ha cardial wrap about her, and rppifrm - her ped?tal of sa:re, and mounting t of anger, " You must look after the thiogs, Jubal; you knthp~e wllbelost, and thinags stolen .ct em. Ycu must statndby all thetim e then look in them, too, and see they don't take anythinr cut of all thoe lorely tling I have borght." "Lovely thince hanmd?," aid Ju~h l, Cudely:; "'what the devil did von want to get so many things for? It's thagh yoa boyang so many things that we had to have new beam to carry them in, and got charged for siees • Well, we don't go to Parits every day," returned Laura, indignantly, "Un:!e Daovid may be veoy gfld we d?, answered Juhatl. "It has ecat enrgh." And now, with a loud grating nse, sad 'tint- hedder, the etoomer stopped; and then begasn the rcsh to land. Jubal kept his ward about the bams; sal they were ructhleDlet opened and treed osa -ith:t any rreontrancefrom him, Thes oly thi:a he took an interest in was hisleathe ag, which he epened himself and purhed s to the i5cr with a cuarles air, as moe h aosay," "Youe nst loc:k; there's noth ?ng wrogwith that." 1All it appeared to rnmain was a half- : empty fok of tulrndy and a tewretletreqssiate.: The ef.rer puhed it back toards him with some impatience; and Jonhal, trmi plant, miarched ray with his dcugars to the crowded? breakfast recm,which Iookeduninviti lngm The prcprietors we'dll knew that the iradi mu:st breakfast at no matter what cost, and that theyr must take what was put before them, cr else fae the onextprt ofthejoorneywithout anythig. So the severl! tabls were spreadin no very attractive manner with food which would have been left ustasted in a London recauran". The pseseec, wheo had ie the m .srt pt en seva-ick, contended themsemlves with emd grumbling at the stewed te ad so'r tche c .ee orved t themnt au extentiona±e To Cs cos?toe .) 