^TMIS MD THM> There are 250,000 more women iii Loudon than men. # # * Over 10,000 Irish people settle in England every year. # * * The population of the earth doubles itself in 260 years. * # * It is said that champagne-drunkenness is increasing amongst society young ladies in Australia. m * * Fhere are 26 monarchies and 25 republics in the civilised world. Sixteen republics are in South America. # # # Madame Melba (Mrs. Armstrong), the Australian prima donna, has been reengaged to appear at the Opera House, Paris, in October. # * * We are told on rery good authority that about 4000 men sleep at nights in the streets of London even in bleak, wintry weather. * * * Among modern nations, the greatest eaters are the Americans, English, French, and Germans—the ruling people of our civilisation. * * # Queen Victoria is said to have expended £000,000 on memorials to the Prince Consort. How many hundred thousands has she expended on her starving subjects? * * * The small lot of one box, containing ixve pounds of choice Golden Tip Ceylon Tea, from the Gartmcrc estate, realised at the London Sale Booms recently £25 10s. pei- pound. # ^ ^ " Mr. E. S. N. De Cobain, M.P. for East Belfast, for whom a warrant has been issued on a criminal charge of a horrible nature, has been identified at Bilbao, iu Spain. De Cobain has disguised himself as a .missionary, and is holding religious # meetings."—Cable. # At the auction sale of the seats in the Prince's Theatre, Melbourne, for the opening night of Sara Bernhardt about £400 was realised. Aircle seats sold at from 15s. to £2, and orchestral stalls from 15s. to 25s. One box, to hold four persons, sold for 11 guineas, and one for . eight guineas. Eighty-four season seats at £12 were also booked. # * # Lady Florence Dixie goes about the world in a man's straw hat, close cropped hair, a monkey jacket, and a divided skirt. Happening to be iu the London Law Courts the other da3% the usher roared out " Will that gentleman remove that hat J" Then Lady Florence turned a dreary mauve color, and the court roared. # * # Ou the authority of Dr. Ogle, the Superintendent of Statistics for Great Britain, it is recorded that "women lie about their ages." Everyone suspected it, but Dr. Ogle says that ihc lie so outrageously that it is impossible to calculate with any accuracy the value of the life of our female population. This lying is carried on in face of the fact (hat •everyone who makes a false statement is liable to be fined £5. # # # During recent naval manoeuvres, an Irishman was allowed to visit one of the -ships of war lying in Portsmouth, Harbour. He was somewhat puzzled at seing no sails, and asked an officer, " What moves the ship ? " "A machine," replied the officer, "fifteen liuudred horse-povver." " Fifteen hundred horsepower? " rejoined Pat. " Bejabers 3 but where are the stables!" ^ * * It is not improbable that in case the Liberals are returned to power at the JSnglish general election, a plank in the future programme of the Tory Party will be Woman's Suffrage. Tlioy believe, and no doubt rightly, that three-fourths of the women who could be qualified are Conservatives, and ihey think to balance the vote of the Radical workingman by this means. We believe the ladies of West Australia if enfranchised would be as radical as the men—which is uot I * saying much. * * * People fresh from England are often astonished at the freemon with which colonial girls use slong, and a High Church maiden lady fresli from home was horrified lately, by her niece, wlio remarked that whenever the clergyman came to call she " scooted." " You what, my dear," asked her aunt. "Scooted—clear out, you know; for Tie's sure to ask me to teach, in the Sun- <day school, or go to the Dorcas, or roll! up to a bun fight or something." Exit horrified maiden aunt; enter girl's brother. " What's the matter with aunt P I met her in the hall looking like a ghost." "Oh I don't know; she's been piling it on about going to church, and talking a lot of ' skite,' and then all of a sudden she dried up and' cleared.'" # * # The trade between Germany and the Australian colonies is growing in a way that surprises Great Britain. Nearly a hundred German vessels now carry on the traffic with Melbourne. The Australians propose to establish a market for woolat Trieste, Austria, the wool to be carried by the Austro- Huugarian Lloyd Company at one-eighth of a penny per pound less than the current rates, with the guarantee by the steamship company that in the event of inadequate Continental sales, the remnants will be carried to London free of charge, in time for the yearly sales of the English market. m * * Frontier Judge—"Do you know of any reason why the sentence of death should not be pronounced ou you according to law for stealing that hossf" Doomed Man—"I reckon not. As soon as I saw there was an old hatchet-faced son-of-a gun on the bench I knew right away that an innocent man stood no snow." Frontier Judge—The court overlooks your remarks, under the circuikstauces, and will not impose the usual line. You are sentenced to be hung by the neck on next Friday, and I hope this will be a warning to you to live and let live in the future."—American paper. # =* * A warning for inveterate youthful male aud female readers of yellow back novels, aud London Family Journal love stories, might be taken from the case of Charles W. Markle, about 22 years of age, and residing in West Hurley, Rondout, U. S., who has been taken to an insane asylum. For the past few years he has been a constant reader of fiction, as portrayed in the several weekly story papers. He could hardly wait from one week to another to get the succeeding chapters. Day and night he pored over the papers,' re-reading the stories, until his ; mind became unbalanced, and he alternately wept, and laughed, as ho paced the -floor repeating the sentences of love and devotion. Finally, the heroine of a story proved too much for him, and he fell deeply in love with her. So fascinated did he become over her charms and virtues, that lier name was foremost in his iniud, and he pleaded aud implored, * * that she * become * his bride. " Toby" Burton, M.L.C., Sydney, met with a " warm" reception recently there in his attempt to address a public meeting at the Protestant Hall, ou the Federation question. Among the interjections to Mr. Barton to "Bead the Riot Act," to " bring iu his specials," to "shoot; them down," etc., and-he was frequently alluded to as a " traitor" who had a "federal judgeship" in view. Quite a number of songs were sang. " Little Annie Rooney" aud her " beau" got mixed up with Sir. lieid and his alleged ignorance of the federal proposals. "Good Old Jeff" was "laid to rest." together with the ghosts that had been raised to scare the people from federation ; " Wait till the clouds roll by" got involved with the powers of the Senate, and the " Dead March" with variations was the requiem for a number of passages of the speech which was drowned iu the din. " Marching through Georgia" was sung several times with emphasis on the words "Well l»aug Toby Barton to a sour apple tree." 