PRICKLY PERES. THE PEOPLE. Who are the People ? Whose the claim Justly to bear this mighty name. Who are the People ?—let us see Who the true people, truly be. Who are the People ?—-they who hold Title and llank and Power and Gold, Fertile lands they have never tilled, Coffers by ill-paid labour tilled ? Who are the People ?—let us pause. Not those I trow who frame those [laws] That teach the humble, foolish poor Mammon's the God to bow before! Who are the People ?—'tis not all Those persons holding Capital, .* Nor the vast world that round us lies, Of wealthy fashion or merchandise ! Those are the People justly named By the loud trump of Truth pro [claimed], Tho«? who labour and toil and strive And keep poor Capital alive ! These are the People !—for small use Are hands to the world that don't pro- [duce] And the timr must come when they adjust] Wrongs they suffer, and laws unjust! # # * Do we sleep, do we dream Are visions aruini, are things what they seem ? " Just let us picture to ourselves Alec. Forrest jerking forth the following at the Fe ler.U Conference :—It has been a principle of our Parliament for many years, and will be, I hope, for tome years to come, that members shall have that amount of got I fwluvj to.varJs their country, that they will not ask the country to pay their expenses." What exquisite naivete ! After this we shall be surprised to see the Pre nier's brother's expenses figuring among the estimates, though we would be more surprised if his little two guineas a-day account did not appear with those of the other representatives. We are not at all amazed at his heartfelt desire to perpetuate the present system, for by its continuance alone, will this gentlenun have again the honor of representing this " Colony" anywhere. But still we can't see where the good feeling has come in up 10 this. If a man can nuke a few thousand a year by sitting as the chosen one of some few score individuals calling themselves the peopfo, it would .be very questionable generosity on that man's put to waive his claim to as many hundreds, the introduction of which principle, would so widen the area of parliamentary selection, as to more than seriously imperil his chance of retaining either the one or the other, Next to the introduction of Manhood Suffrage and th- abolition of the Property Qualification, no other principle of democratic Government is so mucj> dreaded by the privileged classes as a measure which would simply be the sequel of the existence of those two rights payment of members. For by that means alone, can a country secure the representation of its real inteliig- ! ence and political honesty in Parlia ment. It is not patriotism to what they are pleased to call <\- their country | that inspires these would-be patriots i * ------ «... with the sacrificial idea ; but a doublebarrelled selfish fear for the safety of 1 their monopolies. If such persons don't draw a salary by voucher, direct from the Treasury, it is simply because they can command a fortune indirectly, from the unrepresented masses. To use one of the many vulgarisms we are credited with patronizing, " they get there all the same" and will continue to do so, until their masters, the people, are ahle to pull them back by their political coat-tails and chain them up for the rest of their natural lives. Amen, we say ; for this generation will not eat many more Christmas dinners until all these things be accomplished. Alec, and the sacred six may pass away, but the voice of the people will not pass away —when it goeth forth. ^ ^ % All real admirers of Australian patriotism must hope that the veteran Sir George Grey will be aole to visit West Australia. His presence and inevitable speeches here wo ild go far towards rousing the dorm,iat feeling of the youth and manhood of this country on the great national issue soon to be decided—Federation. The teachings of the viciously false and shallow press prophets are responsible for the languid state of public feeling here over the advisability of entering into national partnership with our affinitive States—with our kindred people. This old man put to shame, at the Conference, the supposed radical" leaders of public opinion, and if his presence there oid nothing else than stall off, effectually, that falsely reverent curiosity which Parkes would otherwise have secured, it would be well. But he has done ; aore than that. He has sounded th<' true key- note of Australian democracy, which will be re-echoed throughout this continent when the proper time comes. The grand old man's receptions in Melbourne and Adelaide indicate that his admirers are not confined to people who are always "agin the Government." Nothing but pure cowardice and lickspittling sycophancy prevented the majority of the Convention from voting with Sir George on his vital propositions; for, according to even the conservative Melbourne Argm, the number of delegates who thought with him but voted against him was larger than many would believe." The man who had the courage to say at the Conference that "so long as there are Governors-General sent here from England, so long, I believe, there must be inevitably an aiistocraticj British Party in Australia," s just the Hnd of man whose speeches here would enliven the conservative « politicd instinct" of the West A nstmlmn" aid shake up the doddering irrelevancy of the would be Imperial and anuq Australian Daily Xtws whose teachings ' on this question would, in the words ! of an exchange, "produce social! degradation and a breed of sycophants ; alse standards of living, set ip false standards of living, and | makt a card of entree to Government I of manly aud; Home a certificate womaily virtue." # * # "IheMasters and Servants are at it j again. Yesterday it was Ross, with j three minths, to-day, it is Carrie ~ * Hall with one! When will such an abuse of the nane of Law be swept away ? The idea •)( a breach of contract becoming a peinat offence is repulsire enough to every free Englishman and Australian,but when the offence (?) is visited with such Draconian penalties as the Magiirates in Perth from time to time infiictjpon domestic servants, relormalory "legislation becomes not only imperatiely necessary, but its neglect is criniiially injurious to the best interests of the free portion, of our people and our national reputation. If one employs a carpenter to board his dining room (providing he doesn't eat | in the kitchen) and he rips up the old flooring and leaves a topsy-turvy -l^/s on the spot to go on a "general it«»ar," while the children {if he's got any of his own) stick their number threes, on the rusty nails thereof, the aggrieved! one can't pursue the artisan . . villain : — criminally, though he may cast him in damages—if he has any apart from the effects of his "bust." Why then, is a person empowered to shut up his cook when she leaves her employment without notice ? The inconvenience is about the same in both cases, though different in quality. And yet again another parable. A painter comes to a . shanty or "town house" (the!p name depends on taste.) with his colours and brush* and ladders and »sich;t like," and the household becomes generally upset in stomach and temper by ' ' . . , r / it the spotted artist getting a sudden attack of t.i'* " jim jams" and leaving the aforesaid paraphernalia lor the children with clean " pinnies" and curious stomachs to indulge themselves over. But for all these evils one can only follow the tormentor (with pious remarks of course) into the local or supreme court; but (italics please) if the housemaid clears out after all the objurgations in the calendar and several tons of "washing" have been fired at her, she can be run in for a month. Yes, this is law in* W.A. It may be similar law in a hotter place yet, for some people. # # # We learn from Mr. Joseph Hillman that his Petition of Right has been rejected by the Governor with the advice of the Executive—the meaning of which is that the suppliant may go and whistle (or curse, it's just the same thing) so far as the holding of any legal inquiry into his real or imaginary grievance is concerned. We hinted as much on hearing of the decision, whereat Mr. Hillman waxed wroth. " Imaginary indeed" he exclaimed, as he produced to our gaze an opinion of counsel upon his case, which " to say the least of it" puts that legal luminary, Her Majesty's Attorney General, on several awkward horns of as many cussed dilemmas before the public. The Government say in effect "you have 110 cause of action against us and j we refuse to refer your case to the Supreme Court." Mr. Hensman on the other hand writes to the suppliant— " your dismissal was unconstitutional— if not illegal—you have good grounds for action against the Government." Here we have two legal electric lights, one of suppose! eminence and the other ofacknowledged pre-eminence, diametrical ! y opposed in their views, and where suchisthe ease, we cannot helpthinking, somehow, there is and ought to and must be a question for twelve common a , u ^ i 1 sensed square-headed, goodI men and J™ < jf the X ca " he raked up), to dec.de, apart altogether from the wrangling of legal sophists Doctors, quack andotherw.se(especially^/^^) > un d.es-very often without the d.ffcrence ; awyers (l^ke the acknowledged > head of the,r brigade) are » ot " f Ihble, ^ our pockets attest; but but at > the sanie time we get a show for ? ur nione 3'- Here in this case, to all > «ntents and purposes the Attorney p enera ' *ith the Roman christian labe1' > , sa - vs unto the ex-Attorney General r-——' " my — opinion m u s t he > right, because I am the legal adviser to Her Majesty's, my own, and John > Forrest's Government, and what is more, I'll take very fine care you shan't > get an opportunity to prove I am wrong, wrong." Sitting between two such > precarious legal stools, Mr. Hillman may be pardoned if he fails to w keep > dark on the weather bow" until he can see the joke come in. We ourselves > found some sympathy in our illegal conscience for the unguarded lay > profanity of the suppliant's variegated and sultry remarks upon the " > Ordinance to facilitate proceedings by people having a claim against the > Government"— Lord save it, wherever it is! Tt certainly s-vms inconsi>tt for ex-Parliamentary candidate who has publicly stated on the In sling* i his desire for the amendment of an effete Act, to prosecute a female servant for a breach of that Act, and after having secured a fine from the magis*rates follow up the case by threatening to pursue "with the utmost rigour of t-e la .v." Any person giving employment to . * the unfortunate girl within a certain period. Verily, the politician differs from the man—which is all we have to say tor the present on this matter. # * Our Premier is reported to be of opinion that Sir Henry Parkes is a born leader of men and a great orator. Hej robably meant to say tha he is a born Ifrty man and a huge talker ; as he b ; he «.est medium for aitchless grammar, jf aIi P ul >hc men in Australia, bar one ; ha<; exception being tranns Abigail, Parkes' Pni-lroc' great iTroat rival rn* for the lickings of the "yellow' pup" of New South Wales. Parkes is not only weak in voice but is lispingly inarticulate in delivery, and awkwardly ungraceful in attitude and carriage, appearing to keep his huge shaggy head on his square shoulders with much difficulty. But like Samson of old, all his strength and reputatiou are centred in his hair. Like the late Governor of Victoria, Sir Henry Brougham Loch, Parkes travels on his hair and beard. They are his best safeguards ; without them he would have had to hire himself out long ago to the Melbourne Palace of Wonders or some travelling menagerie, as the champion ugly man in this hemisphere. That great sketch artist Phil May, when on the Sydney Bulletin staff, once set his imaginative genius to work on a probable Parkes without a shock head of hair and a venerable beard, and produced such an extraordinary facial fright, that children seeing it, insisted on having the bedroom candles lighted through the nights until the apparition died a natural death in their young aud fearsome minds. The great political charlatan entered public life in Australia at a tims when anything in the shape of a demo ;iMt was welcomed by the then feeble democracy of the penal colony, and what he could not accomplish by fair means he secured by the exercise of that natural political cunning which he has palmed off 011 his fulsome admirers for statesmanship. He mounted on the back of public favor thtough the . . c ^ , f. ,; agitation.for the abolition of tra»sporta-| tion, and stuck there by a tram oI, fortuitous accidents ; the• greatest " f j which were the^shooting o theJJuke: of | of Edinburgh (God bless him) and the j consequent pacing of the 1 reason j felony Act, which havmg been framed, by Martin and I'arkes, made a refusal tOj drink the Queen's health when called ! upon in public places, an act of treason fel-»ny. Parkes backed this insanely bigoted Act up by raising a brigade (The Kiama Ghost) to descend upoi< Sydnev to sweep an imaginary body o rebels into the 44 beautiful harbour," bui the Ghost eventually didn't resurrect worth a cent—but lunatic Farrell was hanged all the, same. He has earned for himself the soubriquet of " the great I AM," by his chronic love for monopolising in public as his work, nearly everything in the N.S.W. Statute Hook. In any other colony bnt New South Wales, and under ordinary conditions, he would still be following his original Sydney calling of toy- making and umbrella mending, instead of vicioush tinkering with a young nations prospects by backing up, for the sake of titular " distinctions," the effete principles oi his " mother country s ! rule. Half this man's history, in fact, is wri.ten in the secret conclaves of politico-reilgious •odges—the other half, in the failures which have always attended his business connection with the real world, Ever}' human being is intended to have a character of his own, to be what no other is, to do what no other can do. PRICKLV PEARS (continued.) | Ferrcns dif/kili bile in mat jacur. A j voice from the grave of Le llawmi \ groans out thusiy, per medium of Thurs j day's sterling Rahbi«h :—' " Andrew j I/.inn has recently published a bookj entitled Essays on Littlo,'' and 1 j cannot resist quoting the following from " a Jotter to a young journalist."] which is not without, its point find np-j plication in our own community. Ho-j says " Vans ir<;:: loin ! Vou wiil prattlo in print about men's private lives, their j hidden motives, thnir waistcoats, their! wives, their hoots, their businesses, and their incomes. Most o£ your prattle will inevitably be lies. Jiutgoou'j nobody wiil kick you, 1 regret to say !" ' We en n't allow this, Lung, old chap-] pie, don't-cJier know. You forgot t<> include in your category, the bell topper and—and' ya iters. Try again; but for heaven's sakn, spare, the "incomes/'] And on the remains of Le Fhmcur let us throw, with a dull, sickening thud, this chunk of classical lore :—Er, ritio, allerius sapiens cimnthii snnm. 11.1. P i 