THE NOVELIST. The World's Désiré. (BY H. BIDER HAGGARD AND ANDREW LANG.) Hélenam vero immortalem fuisse indicát tempus. .SBBVIUB. J3NEID II., 501. BOOK II. CHAPTER V.-(CONTINUED.) Now there rose a mighty wailing from the women. They clung madly about the necks of those who were dear to them, and some clung not in vain. For the hearts of many failed them at the last, and they shrank from entering in. But a few of those who had already looked upon the Hathor from afar, perchance a score in all, struck the women from them and rushed up to the gates. " Surely thou wilt not enter in," quoth Rei, clinging to the arm of the Wanderer. "Oh turn thy back on death and coiné back with me. . I pray thee turn." '. ' " Nay," said the Wanderer, " I will go in." _ ? , , Then Rei'the Priest ttrew dust upon his head, wept aloud, and turned and fled, never stopping till he came to the -Palace, where sat Meriamun the Queen. Now, the Priest unbarred a wicket in the gates of bronze, and one by one those who were stricken of the madness entered it. For ail of these had seen the Hathor, many times from afar without the wall, and now they could no more withstand their long ing. And as they entered two other Priests took them by the hand, and bound their eyes with cloths ; so that unlesp they willed it they might not see the glory of the Hathor, but only hear the sweetness of her voice. . But two there were who yfould' not be blindfolded, and of these one was that man ¡whose wife had fainted by the way, and the other was a man sightless from b-ÎB youth. For although he might not see the beauty of the Goddess, this man was made mad by the sweetness ol her voice. Now, when all had entered in save the Wanderer, there was a stir iii the crowd, and a man rushed up. He, was travel-stained, he had a black beard, black eyes, and a nose hooked like a vulture's, beak. . ,, . "Hold."., he cried: "Hold! Shift.not the gates..! ^Night and day have I journeyed from the host of the Apura, who' fly into the wilderness. Night and day I have journeyed, leaving wife and flocks and children and the Promise of the Land,' that I may once more look upon the-beauty of the Hathor. Shut not the gates !" "Pass in," said the priest, " pass in', so, shall we be rid of one of those whom Khem nurtured up to rob her." ., , , He entered, then, as the Priest was about to bar the wicket,- the Wanderer strode for ward, and his golden armor clashed beneath the portal. .''. "> : .. "Wouldst thou, indeed, enter''to. thy doom, thou mighty lord," asked the, priest, for he well knew the Wanderer'again.' " Ay, |I enter ; but, perchance, not to my doom," j answered the Wanderer. Then he passed in, and the brazen gate was shut behind him. ' v Now,-the two priests came forward to bind his eyes, but thiB he would*not en dure. 5 '...'. . " Not] so," he said. " Here am I come. to see what may be seen ?" " Go to, thou madman, go to ! and die the death," ' they answered, and led all the men to the centre of the courtyard, whence they might see the Pylon top. Then the priests also covered up their eyes and cast them selves at length upon the ground ; so for a, while they lay, and all was silence 'within and- without the court, for they waited the coniing-i of the Hathor. The Wanderer glanced through the bars of bronze at the multitude gathered there. Silent tbey stood with upturned eyes, even the women had ceased from weeping and stood in silence. He looked at those beside him. Their bandaged faces were lifted, and they stared towards the Pylon top as though their vision pierced . the cloths. The blind man, too, stared upward, and his pale lips moved but no sound came from them. Now, at the foot of the Pylon \- lay a little rim of shadow. Thinner and thinner it grew as the moments crept on towards the perfect noon. Now there was but a line and now the line was gone, for the sun's red disc burned high in the blue heaven, straight above the Pyloi brow. Then suddenly and from far there came a faint sweet Bound of singing, and at the first note of the sound, a great sigh went -up through the quiet air, from all the multi tude without. Those who we're near the Wanderer sighed also, and their lips an fingers twitched, and he himself sigher! though he knew not why. . Nearer came the sweet Bound of singing and stronger it swelled, till presently thoa without the Temple gato who were 01 higher ground caught sight of her wh sang. Then a hoarse roar went up fron every throat, and madness took them. 0) they rushed, dashing themselves agains the gates of bronze and the stee] walls on either side and madl; beat upon them with their fists and browe and climbed on each other's shoulders gnawing at the bars with their teeth, cry ing to be let in. But the women threv their arms about them, and screame< curses on her whose beauty brought al men to madness. ' So it went for a while till presently th Wanderer looked up and saw a shadow fal through the air till it covered him like i veil. And lo 1 there, upon the Pylon'i brow, stood the woman's self, and a her coming all men were once more silent She was tall and straight, clad in clinging white, but on her breast there glowed J blood red ruby stone, fashioned like a star and from it fell red drops that stained fo: one moment the whiteness of her robes and then the robe was white ajain. He: golden hair was tossed this way and that and shone in the sunlight, her arms anc neck were bare, and she held one hand be fore her eyes as though to hide the bright ness of her beauty. For, indeed, she coule not be called beautiful, but beauty itself And they who had not loved, saw in hei that first love whom no man has ever won and they who bad loved saw that first lov< whom every man has lost. And all aboul her rolled a glory-like the glory of the dying day. Sweetly she sang a song ol promise, and her voice was the voice oi each man's desire, and the heart of the j Wanderer thrilled in answer to it as thrills a haip smitten by a cunning baud. And thus she sang- ' ' . > Whom hast thou lónged for most, ' True love of mine ? Whom hast thou loved and lost, ^ Lo, she is thine ! She that another wed iBreaks from her vow ; She that hath long been dead Wakes for thee now. Dreams haunt the hapless bed, . : Ghosts haunt the night, ? Life crowns her living head, '. Love and delight. ( V Nay, not a dream nor ghost, Nay, but divine ; She thou hast loved and lost Waits to be thine ! She ceased ; and a mo&n; of desire went up from all who heard. Then the Wanderer saw that thoBe beside him tore at the bandages about their brows and rent them loose. Only the priests who lay upon the ground stirred not^ though they also moaned. And now again she sang, still holding .her hand before her face Ye that seek me, ye that sue me, Ye that flock beneath my tower, Ye would win me, would undo me I must perish in an hour. Dead before the love that slew me, Clasped the bride and crushed the flower. Hear the word and mark the warning, Beauty lives but in your sight, Beauty fades from all men's scorning In the watches of the night. Beauty wanes before the morning, And love dies in his delight. She ceased, and once more there was silence. Then suddenly she bent forward across the Pylon brow (so far that it seemed that Bhe must fall), and stretching out her arms as though to clasp those beneath, showed all the. glory of her loveliness. The Wanderer looked, then dropped his eyes as one who has seen the brightness of the noonday sun. In the darkness of his I mind the world was lost, and he could think of nought save the clamor of the people, which fretted his ears. They were all crying, and none were listening. "See! See !" shouted one. " Look at her hair-it is dark as the raven's wing, and her eyes they are dark as night. Oh, my love, oh love of mine 1" " See ! See !" cried another, " were ever skies so blue as those eyes of hers, was ever foam so white-as those white arms." ; " Even so she looked whom once I wed many summers gone," murmured a third, " even so when first I drew her veil, her's was that gentle smile breaking like ripples on the water, her's that curling hair, her's that childlike grace." " Was ever woman so ^queenly made ?" said a fourth. " Look now on the brow of pride, look on the deep dark eyes of storm, the arched lips, and the Imperial air. Ah, here indeed is a goddess meet for wor ship." "Not sol see her," cried a fifth, that man who had come from the host of the Apura. " Pale she is and fair, tall indeed, but delicately-shaped ; brown is her hair, and brown are her great eyes like the eyes of a stag, and, ah, sadly ßhe looked upon me, longing for my lové." " My eyes are opened," screamed the blind man at the Wanderer's side. " My eyes are opened, and I see the Pylon tower and the splendid sun. Love hath touched me on the eyes and they are opened. But, lo! not one shape hath she, but many shapes. Oh, she is beauty's self, and no tongue may tell her glory. Let me die. Let me die, for my eyes are opened. I have looked on Beauty's self j I know what all the world journeys on to seek, and why we die, and what we go to find in death." 