novelet AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, •TTZ IVAN DEXTER. Author of “ Mount Macedon Mystery crc., ere. |~ AT.T. bights besebved.j FROM Prison to Parliament CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued.) As settlement increased, the squatters fell back and opened up fresh country for flocks and herds, until to-day the Station and its Homestead is to be found in Cen tral Australia. What right-minded man can grudge these hardy pioneers or their descendants the reward of their labours and their dan* gers ? in 1849 one of the finest stations in Victoria was located about two hundred miles—no small distance in those days— from Melbourne, in a north-westerly di rection. A fine river ran through the property, on a high bank of which stood the homestead, a commodious wooden structure, from which a fine view of the winding river could be obtained as it swept away in the distance like a silver streak. ] The country around was slightly undu- | lating, and well adapted for pasture land, j About thirty miles away the blue outlines of the Grampians, from which the river | derived its source, could be plainly seen. There were ample signs of life around. In different directions men were engaged I in various occupations pertaining to sta tion life, whilst inside the house unusual bustle was apparent, as if something more than ordinary was taking place. It was not difficult, after a glance in side, to judge from the number of trunks and boxes which stood around, that a journey was at the bottom of I he com motion, for indeed Mr, Mrs and Miss Hut land were on the morrow’s dawn to leave for Melbourne, where the squatter’s wife and daughter usually spent the summer, so that they might escape the heat of their inland residence. This noble property was, in fact, owned by Mr Rutland, to whom we have already introduced the reader. The day after the election proceedings in Melbourne he had left for his station, in which district he had been nominated for a seat in the new parliament, and, being a man of great local influence, it was probable that he would be elected without opposition. He was not at all anxious about the re sult, and instead of remaining until the day of nomination, he decided to return' to town with his wife and daughter. The three were now sitting in the par-, lonr, which did duty as the drawing- room, discussing various little household matters which had to be arranged before their de parture. Mrs Rutland was a .woman apparently about forty-five years of age,. with a sin gularly. resigned, though sweet expression of countenance. Her hair was : much grayer than her years seemed to warrant, and a strange pathetic look occasionally stole into her blue eyes, especially when regarding her husband. Her daughter, who looked about twenty five, although not classically handsome, had one- of those interesting faces which attract every beholder. With her mother’s blue eyes she possessed a contour of face which spoke of sweetness and good na ture, whilst her complexion was more suited to the softness of an English clim ate than to the dessicating influence of an Australian summer. Her figure, though slight, was perfectly formed, and an in tellectual head did not mar her attractive ness. “Did you see Mr Dacre in town, father 1" she asked, after a few moments silence. “No, my child. I did not meet him this time, and I believe he had not arrived tn Melbourne before I left. In fact, I was so busy that I did not enquire at his dub." “ I suppose the elections were engaging people’s attention in the city,’’ said Mrs Rutland, “ Yes; there was a good deal of elec tioneering going on, and, do you know, Nellie, I heard a candidate speak, whom: I am sure I have met somewhere before, although I do not know where. The man bas haunted me ever since,” he laughingly added. ' One meets so many people as they go through life that it is impossible to re member every face,” rejoined his wife. “ Yes, true; but there are times when strange meetings take place between peo ple, which, from no apparent cause, leave an impression that can never be effaced. ‘When I looked into that man’s face I could have sworn that he has somehow come across my life.” •^Don’fc allow such foolish fancies to | take possession of your mind, my dear," said his wife, looking anxiously at him ' “Nevermind your ghost, but help us to i fix up things for our summer vacation.” The conversation ended her?, and next morning the squatter's paiqy departed on their wearisome journey to Melbourne in a lumbering old vehicle—a cross between a stage coach and a dray. After a week’s journey they were safely located in a snug mansion in the aristo cratic suburb of Toorak, where tte new governor had just taken up his residence. Those were the days when even the wealthy squatter had to travel by means which the poorest persons in the colony— who can find money to .travel at all, that is—would' now turn up their noses at. In fact, the present generation has al most everything superior to what their fathers and mothers had. ! 