SPRING CLEANING. The famous lawyer, Sir Edward Coke, said [that 'a man's house in his castle;1 but, if there is one time more than another when a man feels he is not monarch of all he surveys, sorely it is during that annual up heaval which recurs with such relentless regularity—his pet aversion, the spring cleaning. But is there any reason why spring cleaning should be the terrible bane that it is? We women lcno.v how our husbands and brothers detest the re-echoing sound of the carpetless stairs and corridors, the lean and hungry look of curtainless windows, etc. Therefore our. object should be; to render all this less objectionable to them ; a good work rendered easy by the exerciso of a little judgment and forethought. It i3 because this enemy is such a very ancient one fchjt ji'dpes not enter into one's calculations to fight it; while we have fyeen trained from our youth up to Jqolc upon the yearly spring cleaning as a necessary evil, The mistake underlying the whole system, as a rule, is the endeavor to do too. many things at once. Why should there be this tremendous up heaval of home life 1 Is there any logical reason why all the rooms in the house should present the same ghost-like . appearance to gether ? One riom at a, time is surely the better plan, for not only will the 'annqyunce be reduced to a minimum, but the chances nva every detail wilt thereby receive more thorough attention, Of course, according to the size of the house and tho domestic stiifT, this rule must be varied to a couple, or oven three, rooms at a time. The objection to this plan will doubtless be tho length of time occupied before the whole is complete, but it would be found that the difference, in tho long run, would not- bo so very great, whilo the amount of comfort gained would most' certainly outweigh the few extra days devoted' to the cleaning. If the thorough weekly cleaning is religiously adhered to and supplemented by a special one.upon certain pre:.-arrahged occasions according to circum stances, tliot'c jg rjot the slightest reason why the annmal cleansing need be sue]} ' a, bjg undertaking. In a properly organised and well ordered household there will be certain days for certain rooms, once a week or once a fortnight, according to the amount of wear and tear in each department; but regularity n;uyt \\}0 observed, together with due regard for corners and various flther dust collectors. If the mistress insists upou thoroughness together with the proper use of dust sheets (which so many servants seem todislike), the only extra work will be tho taking up of car pets and the taking down of pictures and purtaini?. Queen." 