Amusements. ' The CorEican Brothers ' at Her Majesty's, continues to prove .a decided attraction. The piece exhibits an example ot perfect staging, while Mr. George Bignold, as Fabien and Louis dei Franchi, acts with intelligence, of course, and with much impressrveness as well. He is excel lent- in the duel scene, in which his Chateau Senaud, Mr. Jewett, distinguishes himself too. 'At the Eoyal the drama of ' London* Day by Day' has been enjoying great popularity. ' The Henry Astalon of Mr. Bland Holt is a very amusing type of comic rascality. The other characters are well supported, and — not the least important consideration — the. scenery is firs - class. Mr. J. F. Sheridan's last week at the Garriek is winding up with 'Fun on the Bristol.' The widow is as immense as -ever in her Hibernian - malapropisms, and provokes laughter galore. Miss Gracie Whiteford as Nora O'Brien is very pleasant and sprightly, and introduces some graceful dances and piquant songs. The other members of the company help with more er less ability to keep up the fun. On Saturday evening Mire Janet Achurch and Mr. Charles Charrington will commence a short farewell engagement, and will open in Charles Eeade's famous version of his own novel of ' Peg Wpffington,' sntatled ' Masks and Faces.' The . Dan Tracey Co., at the School of Arts, still continues to find a most responsive public. The average attendance is always good, and frequently of a kind that Bhould certainly be conducive to the health of the treasury chest, and the regular walking of ' the ghost.' The company receives, constant infusions of fresh blood. Two of its latest acquisitions,. Miss Emmie Morrison, song and dance artist, and Mr. Oscar Smith, ventriloquist, have made themselves favor ites. ? ' ?' ' ; ' The Alhambra Music Hall . boasts of. . as strong a combination, of minstrel and variety entertainers as ever it has had since it has been open — and it wasn't yesterday exactly that it did open. Mr. Charles Fanine has recently rejoined the company; and, as may be imagined, helps to keep matters pretty lively in the corner. The ballad singing by Miss Herbert Miss Melville, Messrs, Johnston, Hyan, and ?ther artists is capital, as are also the eetdo- comic songs, of Miss Pnscilla Verne, the specialties of the Harvey Brothers, and the songs and dances of the Sisters Blair, together with efforts of several specialists besides. Skating is becoming more popular daily, and Crowds flock to Mr. Garten's Palace Sink in Cieveland-fitreet, Bedfern. With an excellent floor and good skaters, lovers of the gliding art can havea pleasant .evening's pastime. To-night 'will Tie a ladies' fashionable night, and next Wed nesday evening the first grand plain and fancy dress carnival will take place. 