FLIGHTS AND DAETS. ["By Arrow.! The facilities offered nowadays to young men for study, in comparison with even ten years ago, are very great. In connec tion with many institutes are classes, scientific and literary, the fee for member ship being within the reach of alL In many cases several meet together for their own personal benefit and advantage. At the outset they restrict the number and make it, essentially, a private gathering. The particular fad may be useful for them in their own business or calling. The use of the most commodious room is granted by the local institute, who desire to encourage such classes, with one very small condition, viz., the payment of two shillings per night for use of gas consumed. Then arises a howl of indignation from one or two of the apparently most earnest enquirers into science. When it touches their pockets to the extent of less than one penny per night for each member, these one or two—not all, to their credit—appear annoyed at the just action of the institute authorities. Beneath this amazement, however, there is a " not-to-be-beaten feel ing." The dogmatic instinct is so strong, and the great "Iam" propensity so fully developed, that imaginary provocation is the result. Then comes the feeling for revenge with all its bitterness. Schemes are laid and contrived at the expense or well- being of the institute, its committee, and even the efficient librarian. Some means must be adopted for bringing the institute into contempt. The men of the hour and for the purpose are at hand. One has already been compli mented by his patron, Sir Joseph Upper, on certain matters connected with another "scheme." Scheming, apparently, is included in the studies of some few "scientific and mineralogical philosophers." This buttered schemer is aware that the committee has also dared to demand the rent for the use of the hall on the occasion of Sir Joseph Upper's lecture on "Auto cracy," and so joins'the happy little com bination in this noble game of revenge! (In big letters, please.) He expressly visits the institute, having previously pre pared himself with a Sunday sniff and dosed himself with a decoction of superi ority. He is fully aware of the perplexed condition of the committee in providing the necessary accommodation, especially free rooms for the various meetings and objects. He is not ignorant of the fact that the committee are desirous of enlarg ing the building, and that matters in con nection with the museum have been for a time left in abeyance; He does not honor the "complaint book" with a single hint, but prefers to use his " sniff" in another direction. His eyes beam with delight at what, in other eyes, would be a matter for deep regret. He revels in the " dust, dirt, and disorder" as one who prefers such elements as requisite for such a scrutiny. And now the sequel. One of the glass cases in the museum is empty. I have heard it was formerly occupied by a Darwinian favorite. As the "schemer" fixes his eyes on the vacancy he observes in the glass the shadowy form of his own countenance. For one moment he stands aghast. He has heard of ghosts, but the ghost of a monkey, never! No, no! After all, 'tis but an illusion—the reflection of his own chuckling, self- important grimace as he meditates and grins at the mode of help he intends to render unto his brethren, and let ting outsiders perceive the combined pleas ure they have in "fouling their own nests." Thus it is, the real legitimate workers, who in past years have given time and money, are criticised by men whose sole aim is to sneer. They pose as reformers, but their actions prove them to be mere automatons. 