CONVIOT DAYS VAN DIEM1AN'S L1AND. TEiUE CIITONICLE tS.i h i taLImcrlI.TS it o btYEDlj , ' S-OPT- L . 7. n Im O 71ta : TI rI ( r1et. Superintendent ILyro lictened lattentLvd? 1 next morning to the report of thce }Dun ,,fiieero, regarding the vision they blei seen cui the island cceetery. Ile did not h:eiievr, Irf a single moment, that it was a ieitter fret: spirit-land that was thus airing itself on toe cliff, and yet both the soldiersa td the tic ert moust have been confronted by EIserthing very extraoordincry, or they would not Lave been so startled as they were. " Of course, I need ecarcely ask if you be lievo in ghosts?" he queried. -Indeed, we do not," was the unanimous answer. And we all know that here r.re no settiera in this region thit:y fIcet high," he wern on, with a smile. "The oajeot we saw wna of quite that sLature," reflied Trench, "snd it wee w,'t drescid in convict clothing. A long beard I was also visible." "The only thing we can do is to make an exhaunetive srarb of the islotto-day, nd se 1 might fied some clue to the mlystiry," said I the superintendent, slowly. "11i we hove a human being to deal with (even though a giant) we will know hov to do so, whilst, if the visitant is of supernatural origin, ii is beyond our power to interfere, and wo must only leave it to its own nightly journeys." Eyre was essentially a practical man, and during the day he took a number of men to Ihadanm's 11et and made a thorough search of it, -cpecially abouc the eliff- where the phantom bed been seen. The quest wae quite unEucoesOOOl. Certainly, there werc a few yawning chasms in the great basaltic reecs 1 throueghl which Satan or one of his imps might arieo t'i-u'ih, but the sound of the i sea, booelmio at tie bottom of them, and cc casionai'y (in 5termny eseather) throwing up spmray though the natural blow-holes, made ril elipplosition highly improbtlre. No ciue could hbe found, and in a few days thle wonder, created by the statemennts of the oficero, bpgan to die out, and the ghcest reemed litkely to be forgotten. A elight ceeetement wes cr2tted at RfOhart Town lwhen it was bruited arounid that the yrison ceaetery was haunted, and a few extra i.ql:iiitive peepie visited tle idu 0 in lthe hops of catching a glimpse cf the phsn tom. Their curiosity, however, wooa no: re worded. Oa the filth of October feliowing, a small party of the oficers at Port Arthur want anross to Hobart Town to be present at a dinner, given in honor of the captain and oflicers of the ship Argue, by the leading residents of the town. This vessel was a convict ship, and it was nearly sir.x years previously since lah hiad visited Sullivan's tove with prisoners. The gathering wo a large one, and held in the commodions public hall. AlmtnE thi 0ame offlcers managed the ship as on the firs: 'oyage- six years bnoek-and they were re araded as old acquaintances by the town ful lt. Lieutenant Trench and his two oompanions of the fishing expedition were amongst the uesEts, and appeared to enjoy theiretlvel very much. Such plneasurable gatherings were not frequent in those daye. Alter ecannuing the company for some time, the lieutenants eyes became suddenly rivetted on one of the guests near the lower end of the room. His gaze was firxed upon the un conscious man withl a curious puzzled cx pression, but, after a few moments, he turned to his companionl, and naiked him if he knew thel person he had been lookilng at. "Ibelieve his name is TreglRtitha.n nod, 1 understand, he is a settler of means. I have only seen him once before, and that was in the parlor of the Macquaie batel,'"responded the man lddressed. This did not enlighten Trench very much, and for a time lie forgot the face which had so interested him. During the evening, when the proceedings became free, he found himself at the lower end etof the room with one of his fithing colmpanions. Looking across the table, he again raw the man thea lie was told was named Tregurths. The latter was converaing rwith the second oficer of the stlip Argue, and the two appeared to be intimate friends. Have you evcer seen that man before, Edwards 1" French asked, pointing to Tre. gnrtha. "It seems to mo I have, and yet I don't know him. There' is something familiar about the face, hbut I don't even know his name," answered his companion. Not cating to trouble himself Irther about the matter, the ienteonant entEred into the festivities of the evening with zest. It was esometimo near midnight when he left -the oxoited group, amongit which he had been standing, and walked towards a wing of the building, which bad been made into an anti. licial fern deli for those who might wish to temporarily escape the heated room. He was looking at,' and admiring an immense fern-tree, when, through a lull in the noise which came from the main hall, he distinctly heard soires near him, and he caught the words," Deadman's Isle." That spot had a peculiar interest for him since the ghootly incident, and his attention was instantly aroused. "I am thinking of leaving the place and makiing for the old land again. Since the prison has been built, the place is dangerous for me. The fart that it is now a cemetery brings too meny people to it." This wos spoken in a gruff voico that wos not familiar to the lieutenant, and the tones of the answering Epeaker were equally strange. "Iam told that the placo to haunted, eo that you ought not to have many viiitren, sepecially at night, which is the time you *want to yonrself. But I quite agrso with your desire to return to England, for yeoll life must be a dreary one." " Yce; it's beginning to tell Ueon me. The eternal boaming of the oaean bes you monotonone, and I detest it. Yes, I h.wa heard that the itlet is haunted, ond, - " - you believe it, Gresero, two ceachles h-va actually been medo to tad the eche " At this Tr:nch. who sas nagerly eage t heard the two men indulge in a tee..t 1111" 11e woS most delirelc ef eceegE 'llo th(ey were, but he did not1 care to racve it mireev t betray his wherelbouto, and he wI-lul' Ciui lose the coneereation. "I aeppose you maneged tbo :n t buoineso, Penfoidt" woo the seat words ih heard. "Yes; I produced an illusion or cva thinking it might keep interdero 05:17. i:e: it hasn't done so. However, it 51111-1u.l, and proved that I hove not tort e.ev cc y.e old cunning in the use of the gl"te-c." The approech of a gueci, in a rabcer j1tiy mood, hereput an end to the talk sc he wcr:t in the direction of the voicee, and Treech heard him eay: "Come on, old fellow. It' net every lee we see you, and there's some Eoneidi '2: wine stilt left." Tne importunate friend was nrt to be denied, and, as the three men paoeCd olut oe the ferns, the lieutenant was an-t011i1hled to see that the two opeskero, whom be hat over heard, were Treeurths and the sec0 nd ofelcr of the convict ship Argue. "Whet cn these two men have in com men," Trench muttered. And he crlled him Penfoid. That moot be his name, and not Treogrtha. What con he mean abott D~nd man's Isle and the ghost. He poate so if he knew all about it. By.Jove." the young man broke out, excitedly. He most be the 010os1 himself. I thonoht there was some thing in his face that I knew, The conttur of the head and the queer long beard were the oame as those oa the phtntom. They illpressed themselvoe on my memory, and I shall !ook farther into thise" Of course, had -Trench known anything about the eiscape of Pe ifold some years be fore, it is more than probable that he would have no idea that the man before him had somrusthig incomumon with the eon sped con v:ct; hbut, as it was, he knew nothin-' of the uiifortunatoelldon's wonderful escape, and w te, therefore, at a loos to account for a tree hypothesis of their remarkable conversa elan. iof determined to watch the two men that i night to try and find out further information, I tbut aft r waiting until 3 a.m., until they leftt thre hal. lihe only dieoovered that they went to the Macquoarie hotel, and were admitted: '[e returneea to his companionse, as they were to sail for the prison at four o'clock, but he did not ttll them anything about the eacnvereation io had heard. When Ihe reached the prison, he cent at one to Superinten Ident Eyre s.nd narrated what had come to his knowledge. " What came did you ray that the oficer e cllerd his cmpanion7" acked Edyre.r. TPenfold. I wurote it down .so that I shou!d not forget is,"' answered the young tlitter. The seperintendent win: to a shelf, a.ndi s takins down a well- bound book, looked throrgh it before speaking again. "Oa the 22ad of April, 1S20, No. 129 (Riobert Penfold) encoaped from the Hobart 'Town pricon, and up to date he hasnot breen I esecered. 'Tieto manner of his escape was a mystery, and it is suppoacd that the convict I perished in the forest," Eyre said aloud, Ilnc:iing at the lieu tenant. " Would it not be I strargcc," ha continued, "if this Penfold' I were identical with the missing man. And I yet is is hardly possible that he could have 3 remained about thie scettlements without de- t tection. Unless, indeed, he had good friends. He must have had good friends, too, or he could not have escaped. Who did you say was his companion ?" he concluded. " The second oelicer of the convict ship Argue. I heard him called Greeves. He was one of the chief guests of the even- 2 min." "The Argus, the Argue," mused the super intendent. " Why, that's the name of the ship that was in the harbor when Penfold escaped, some six years ago." SYeS, Eir. I heard it stated at the dinner that she was here once before about that Speriodl." "Well, I think there is something of im portance in your discovery. Yet, I cannot ' understand what Penfold can have to do with the ghost business, as he said. He certainly could not have concealed himself on Deadman's Isle for six years, and, had he been there for six years, we would have found him. However, we may learn more, as I will tell off a lever man to watch him. Ble ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour's time to point out Penfeild and Greeves to the man I will send with you. When you do t that, you may remain in town until the fol. 1 lowsing morning and return with the 1 Sboat." In an hour's time Trench was back in the I dfice, where he found thesuperintendentand Constable Chapman, who was a born detec.- I tive. In ncompany with Trench he left for e Hobart Town, where they were fortunatet enough to find Greeves and Tregurtha-or Penfold, for that was his proper name- in one of the private parlors of the BMacquaria hotel. Chapman shadowed them until night, and I proceeded toward the river Derwent. Lieutenant Trench met Chapman in the street, following the two men, and he accom punied him. wreeves and Penfold reached the river, and in a few minutes the spies saw that they bead a boat, and that it might be necessnary to obtain another to pursue. This Chapman soon did, and in company with the young officer he followed the men, who were making towards the mouth of the river. Great care was necessary to prevent de teetion, but the pursuers were keeping a safs distance away. The ocean was soon reached," and then it was apparent that 'anfold and his companion were heading towards DLeadman's Isle. The sea was smooth, but the distance was long, and several boors puneed before the boats came in sight of the frowning cliflds of Toaman's I P'cninsula. Soon they entered Port Arthur, and the silvery etresbs of light, made by the dipping oars of the shadowed men, showed plainly that they were making straight for thn islet. " We must risk going closer to them," said Chapman. "They have evidently no idea of their being followed." Bending to their oars, they rapidly neared the island. The moon was rising, and the first boat was seen to make straight under the jutting cliffs on the south-east side. " They surely cannot land there," spoke Trench. When he looked again the boheat had disap' peared, and not a sign of her could be found, although the skiff, containing the purat.er·, paddled along the side of the rocks wieri sh was last seen. They werernther puzzled at this, for no opening large enough to ac count for the disappearance was visible, but as they rowed back for the second time, a peculiar conformation of the rocks caught I Chapman's eye. "Three must be Some waterway about here where a boate can be concealed, and I be lieve it is about this place," he said. The lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and he could plainly see great fissures and water-worn cavities in the rotten basalt face. He was scanning the cliff in the hope of being able to find a prob able spot, wherre Penfold and his friend might have vanished, when he caught Eight of a thin atreak of light, about half way up the strong wall. There was no mistaking it. A gleam of light issuing from a crack or Shole it evidently was. SLook. CGb man :n Wsht does that light meau?" he easgerly asked. "'SWe mist ECe by some means. There muat be a eceret cesletince litre to a cavern, tad our friends are in it at present. I don't ensc howwe ore to reach that gleam of light; ut rw. muis t ty. T bI'oasnt wanow under an ovarhanging ed--- ol roel, and the rugged face of tire cl.ii, ich stosed ut cearly in the moon s-er. tIgeromie i of secure footing. 'i -qep Ir bast litre, and I will try and climb slt'se rusts. I think that I can Sdo ," whistpered Chapman to his osm I Divtig himsstl of a euperflusou coat, i te conlteale cruerht hold of the rocy ledge, Iiid, sistrh thle isi cf his companion, soon iswun s .1melf on to it. Tssori with the ut ii't cwree Se slowly climbed to the spot he wI se-irs'd 'o reach, and whigis, like a bencon, -n is'-'n him onwards. Treo or three ti-i-Cs erie oflt rock crsumbled beiselth hIis eat, iur e was sary and did not rolai his ciII o05 tue eirmer stones. Iteaching the adfit-ire he looaed in, but could see I notni:, ts it cures-i, and the opening was tca es-ill to piermst of a proper observa te rate at the tiret glance that the lightis -u.: ,fro .laee sas an artificial one, -n as-, sci tile iirelinct of the detective, he bent sit heisd and t liacod his ear to the crc. Svi-e. -I sS slist-nt hu 'nnly reached him, which I chsit en the msenoainrg of the sea imprisoned i.rs ios saterranean eaverne or human | voics, b't he cuad not detect which. He I mae a ica'ful examination of the locality Si 'n-edis-toly around, and put marks in I 'sevrl plases so that he would be able to SI recen-irse the Fpot again. Wh1ilo he was doing this he heard his rnaes famintly whispered, and, recognising ni- he tones as that of his companion, he I hertily deccended. SI "Hist." spokb the voice of Trench. " Come tI b ii to the hoot. I hear the sound of voites e and the eplashs of oams apparently at lbe 5 b-'rkof thse off' i " Ssuggler's Cave," in cext week's isssoe, r will continus and conclude the mystery of c Deadman's lat. IL will be ono of the moss p interesting chapters in this conviet history, I and will show how great emergencies will bring out wonderful qualities in a asa, 