THE MYSTERY OF M. FELIX. Br B. L. FAKJEOISi, Author of "Great Porter- square," "Miser Farebrother," &u.;, &o.; CHAPTER II. THE SPECTHK CAT. " That's a rum start," said Constable Wire. «' Was it Mr. Felix?" "No," replied Constable Nightingale, " Mr. Felix is altogether a different kind of mail. Takes things more coolly. Walks slow, talks slow, thinks slow, looks at you slow. This followWUK like a flash of lightning. Did you catch bight of his face ?" "lie was in such a devil of a hurry that there was no catching sight of anything exoept the red hankercher round his neck. There was no mistaking that. Seemed a youngish man." " Yes. Been on a visit to Mr. Felix most likely." "Or to some other lodger in the house," suggested Constable Wigg. J'There ain't no other," said Constable Kightingale. "Everyroom in it except the basement is let to Mr. Felix." "A married man, then, with a large family." ".Mo," said Constable Nightingale, with a little cough. "Single. Or, perhaps, a Widower. No business of ours, Wigg." ."Certainly not. Go on with your story, Nightingale. " You're wanted np there," says Mrs. Middlemore." "Yes. 'You're wanted up there,'she says, TOnmiipg Mr. Felix's rooms. ' Did Mr. Felix send for rae?' I asks. 'He did,' she answers. * He rings his bell and says 'Go for a policeman.' And hell-sot be sorry it's you, Mr. Nightingale, because you're a man as can be traited.' Mrs. Middlemore's precise words. You see, Wigg, me and her ain't exactly strangers. I'm a single man, and I'm mistook ii«heain't got a bit of money put by." " You're a knowing one. Nightingale," said Constable Wigji somewhat enviously, and it is not to the credit of human nature to state that there flashed into his miftd the base idea of \- endeavouring to supplant his brother oon- \- stable in Mis.' Middlemore's good graces. "Whatshould hinder him? He was a single nan, many years younger than Constable Nightingale, and much better looking. All vwas fair in love and war. _ The "bit of money put by" was as a temptation from Lucifer. " That's what brings me round here now and then," continued Constable Nightingale, com- • pbkcently. " A oian might go a good .deal further than Mrs. Middlemore, and fare a good depl worse. 'I suppose,'says I to her,'there's . somebody with Mr. .Felix as he wants to get ... rid of, and as won't go ?' 'I ain't at liberty to say,' she answers, ' but you're pretty near the .mane Come and see for yourself, and don't forget that Mr. F'elix has got a liberal heart, and hates fusa.' Upon that, Wigg, I holds ; my tongue, because I'm a man as knows how to, 'and T follows Mre. Middlemore into the house. I'd been inside before,- of course, but never upstairs, always down, and Mrs. Middlemore had told me such a lot about Mr. Felix's rooms that I was carious to see them. .' Furnished like a palace,' Mrs. Middlemore used to say ; so up the stairs I steps, Mrs. Middlemore . ahbwing the way, And I don't mind confessing tint before wo got to the first landing I put ; nay armiound Mrs. Middlemore's waist—ijat that's neither here nor there. She stopson the landing, wid lnwfcn at the door-—" \- But here Constable Nightingale, was oom- ^kd to raose nid to hold on tight to his Hie storm quite suddenly readied h of: fury that the men conld _. ep_ their feet, and it would have impoesibile to -hear a word that was It was- not a fitful display of temper ; so -fierce grew the wind that it blew 'the- etreek-door open with a crash, and as the 'poBnranen were loaning against it the consequence waB that they were precipitated into the passage andfellfLat upon their backs. The Igerisonttl the door being blown open so readily was probably, as Constable Nightingale afterwards remarked, because the man who had -jpwoentljr left the {house so hastily had not ^ftnQecLit tight behind him; but the tempest C raging so furiously, that it might well r-iteve'. node' light of such an obstacle as an ©Ulttreet-door. It was with difficulty the -^policemen reoovered their feet, and the ^•tn&gtii; 'of the .wind as it rushed through the passage was so great that the. idea that tfeey would be safer inside the house than out occurred to both of them at onoe. To expose tbemselves to the fury of the elements in the open would undoubtedly have been attended with d&nger.; Instinctively they advanced to : the door, and after a struggle succeeded in shutting. It That being accomplished they stood in the dark passage, mentally debating rfaatJl^ey should do next. ' "There's something moving," whispered Conetable Wigg, trembling. He was not remarkable for courage, and had a horror of Constable Nightingale was made of sterner staff.' He promptly pulled out his dark lantern,'and cast its circle of light upon the floor; and there, creeping timidly along close to the vd, they saw the miserable half-starred cat which had shaken Constable Wigg's nerves easier in the night. It had taken advantage /of file open street door to obtain the shelter for which it had long been seeking. "It ain't the first time," said Constable ' Wjgg in a vicious -tone, " that this little beast has given me a turn. Just before you come up it ronacroea me and almost sent my heart into ;jBy»B10Uth." . But for a mournful, fear-stricken look in its yellow eyes, the light of the dark lantern .tteemed to deprive the.wretohed cat of the 'power of motion. It remained perfectly still, cowering^to the ground. Even when Constable Wigg gave-it« spiteful kick it did not move its own volition, and it was only when the /attention of the policeman was no longer •directed towards it that it slunk slowly and stealthily away. Meanwhile the tempest raged more furiously Hun ever outsider The shrieking wind tore through the' streets, carrying devastation in its train, and the air was thick with whirling, blinding snow. "Did you ever bear anything like it?" said Constable Nightingale. ' "-Never," said Constable Wigg. " It would be madness to go out," said Constable Nightingale. "We should be dashed to piecee. Besides, what good could we do ? Besides, -who would be likely to Want us > Besides, who's to know?" There was a world of philosophy in these reflections, which Constable Wigg was only too ready to acknowledge. " what do' you propose, Nightingale," he asked. " That we go down to Mrs. Middlemore's kitchen,"replied Constable Nightingale, "and make ourselves comfortable. I know the way."-'. He led it, and Constable Wigg very cheer- ' folly accompanied him. The kitchen was the cosiest of apartments, and their hearts warmed within' them as they entered it. Mrs. Middlemore, like a sensible woman, had taken the precaution to bank up the fire before she left the house, and it needed but one touch from the poker to cauee it to spring into a bright glowing blaze. This touch was applied by Constable Nightingale, and the shadows upon walls and ceiling leapt into ruddy life. "This is something like," said Constable Wigg, stooping and wanning himself. Having 'no further need for his dark lantern, . Constable Nightingale tucked it snugly away, Mid then proceeded to light a candle which, in its fiat tin candlestick and a box of matches bandy, stood- oil the kitchen table. They were not the only articles on the table. There was no tablecloth it is trae, but what mattered that? The whitest of tablecloths would have made but a sorry supper, and in the present instance could not have added to the attractions which the lighted candle revealed. There was bread, there was butter, there was cheese, there were pickles, there was a plate of sausages, there was half a roast fowl, *nd there was a fine piece of cold pork. Constable Wigg's eyes wandered to the table, and 'became, so to speak, glued there.. He was now standing with his bask to the fins, ahd was being comfortably warmed through.' Even a kitchen may: become a veritable Aladdin's cave, and this was the case with Mrs. Middlemore's kitchen, in the estimation of Constable Wigg. "If there's one thing I like better than another for supper," he said meditatively, and -with pathos inhis voice, " it is cold pork and pickles. And there's enough for three/Nightingale, there's enough for three." Constable Nightingale nodded genially, and, with the air of a man familiar with his surroundings, took up a piece of butter on a knife, and put it to his mouth. "The best fresh," he observed. "Youdon't say so?" exclaimed Constable Wigg, not contentiously, but in amiable wonder. "Taste it," said Constable Nightingale, banding his comrade the knife with a new knob of butter on it. " It is the best fresh," said Constable Wigg. *' She lives on the fat of the land." This evidence of good living and the cheerful homeliness of the kitchen strengthened his notion of supplanting Constable Nightingale in the affections of Mis. Middlemore, but he was carefu' not tc betray himself. " You know your way about, Nightingale. It ain't the first time you've been in this here snuggery." Cpnstable Nightingale smiled knowingly ana said, "Cold pork and pickles ain't half i bad supper, to say nothing of sausages, roast; fowl, and—and" He sniffed intelligently, and enquired, "Ain't there a baked tatery small somewheres near ?" "Now you.mention it," replied Constable Wigg, also sniffing, "I believe there is." "And here thejrare, Wigg," said Constable Nightingale, opening the door of the oven, and exposing four urge flowery potatoes baking in their skins. "Not yet quite done, not yet quite ready to bust, and all a-growing and •-blowing, and waiting for batter and pepper. They're relishy enough without butter and pepper, but with butter and pepper they're a feast for a emperor." " Ah," sighed Constable Wigg, "it's better to be born lucky than rich. Now just cast your eye at the door. Nightingale. I'm blessed if that beastly cat ain't poking its nose in again." And as though there was within him a superabundance of vicious euergy which required immediate working off. Constable Wigg threw his truncheon at the cat, which, without uttering a sound, fled from the kitchen. " What riles me about that cat is that it moves about like a ghost, without as much as a whine. It takes you all of a sudden, like a stab in the back. It'll be up to some mischief before the night iB out." "Why, Wigg," said Constable Nightingale, with a laugh, " you talk of it as if it wasn't a cat at all." " I don't believe it is. In my opinion it's a spectre cat, a spirit without a solid body. I lifted it with my foot in the street, and not a sound come from it. I kicked it in the passage, and it crept away like a ghost. I let fly my truncheon at it and hit it on the head, and off it went like a shadder, without a whine. It ain't natural. If it comes across me again I advise it to say its prayers." Which,'to say the least of it, was an absurd recommendation to offer to a cat. But Constable Wigg was in an unreasonable and spiteful temper, and he became morose and melancholy when he saw how thoroughly Constable Nightingale was making himself at home in Mrs._ Middlemore's kitchen; or perhaps it was the sight of the tempting food on the table which, without lawful invitation, he dared not touch. However it was, he was not allowed much time for glooihy reflection, his thoughts being diverted by the violent slamming of the street door| and by the further sound of a person breathing heavily in her course down stairs. "It's Mrs. Middlemore," said Constable Nightingale, in a low tone. " I never thought she'd be able to open the door alone with such a wind blowing. We'll give her a surprise." They heard Mrs. Middlemore stop outside the kitchen, and exclaim," "Well, to think I should 'ave been so foolish as to leave the candle alight. I could 'ave swore I blowed it out before I left the room." Then she opened the door, and it was well that Constable Nightingale darted forward to, her support, for if he bad not, she would have fallen to the ground in affright, and the supper beer would have been lost to taste if not to sight. It was as well, too. that he put his face close enough to her lips to partially stifle a kind of hysterical gurgle which was escaping therefrom. It was, however, a proceeding of which Constable Wigg did not inwardly approve. . " Pluck up, Mrs. Middlemore," said Constable Nightingale, cheerily, "there's nothing wrong. It's only me and my mate, Wigg, who's on night duty here. Everything's as right as a fiddle. Tie a pull at the beer—a long pull. Now you .feel better, don't you ?" Mrs. Middlemore—her movements being enviously watched by Constable Wigg, whose thirst was growing almost unbearable— removed bo 1 lips from the jug, and said— " Ever so much. But how did you get in ?" " Didn't get in at all," said Constable Nightingale, jocosely ; "we were blown in." "Blown in!" "Yes, my dear. We was standing outside, Wigg and me, leaning against the door, when .the wind come like a clap of thunder, and blew it clean open, and of course we went with it, flat on our backs the pair of as. When we got on our feet again the wind was tearing so, and the snow was pelting down that fierce that I thought we might venture to take a liberty, and we come down here to warm ourselves. And that's the long and the short of it, my dear." He still had his arm round Mrs. Middlemore's waist, and now he gave her a hug. She was a pleasant-faced, round-bodied woman, some forty years of age, and she looked up smilingly as the constable—her favourite constable—hugged her, and said— " Well, now, I declare you did startle me. When I opened the door, and sor two men a-standing in my kitchen, I thought of burglars, ana you might 'ave knocked me down with a feather." "And now we're here," said Constable Nightingale, "I don't suppose you'd have the heart to turn us out." 'Turn you out!" exclaimed Mrs. Middlemore, " I wouldn't turn a cat out on such a night as this!" " More cats," thought Constable Wigg, with his eyes on the cold pork and' pickles. 