tftovcligt., .___? AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, [all mouth nnsEBVKn.l Mystery CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) TYA jV dex ter. ???.' It was still thoro and only a few feet away, but tho murky gloom did not allow of ita beinK clearly aeon. iinutimislv tho vounc: warehouseman inaiTleil tho stick.and>puslied it slowly towards tho oftor.vflr?b.Vmaking sure that hie rotreat wae open. ... " Tlio boiist must be'aslbep;" lio mut tered, as ho felt'the stick touch it and no luovoment followotl; ? .: ? : ?.??>?:'? Kiiciiurugod by this inortia, ? he gave a mure vigorous poko, and started back, for a movement certainly took place. 110 uvidi'iitly oxpoctod a rush, but nono took place, and ho ventured, to;, look in again. .-? '. ..;-..?.'.. ?--.-.? -....-.jj. Tho animal was still thero, and em boldoncd by its evident disinclination to come out ho made another attack on This timo a suspicion l began to fill his mind that tho guide might bo right aftor all, and the wish being-father, to the thought might havo induced him.to think that it was tho wombat ho was trying to \ outline in tho darkness. Ashes felt tho object again he becamo convinced thnt it was not n livinganirnai, butaetiinc ho was seeking to dislodge, tor it felt hard and sounded sharply when struck. Ue therefore tried :to pull it towards him. ' ' '?.-' '? '? ' - - -??'? A3 he druu- tho stick bnck he could feel it coming tv him, and whon ho looked in onaiu it was almost at the mouth of the excavation. -...-... As his eyes became-accustomed to the gloom they fixed on the mysterious object with staro, and for a full minuto he remained on his hands and knoes llko one petrified. .-,-; . -.-,,;,'= -.- -f - r " What the dovil aro : you looking at, liruco?" asked one of his companions. '? You look as frightened as if Old Nick himself was there." . - -~??.' :?? Tho young man thua spoken to stood up and hastily clambered out of tho ox 'javatiou. Uis faco was white and'his whole appearance that of a man who had Fuddenly and unexpectedly met with an implnuant and startling sight. ?' Why, man, you have'nt scon a ghost ?urolyi" npoke one of the party, as he jumped down to tho mouth of tho As lie peered in an equally startled lunk erupt over his faoo, and in a few in-. moiils ho rejoined his comrades, who. had surrounded Biuce. -?????' V.v., -,;'.; "It's a human skull," tho latter was' tailing tho awe-struck youths. ' ' "You must be mistaken," was: the reply. " I've no doubt it's the skull of a iload womliat, or perhaps a wallaby that lin been draped into the hole." ? ,-"? " ; "Go and look for yourself," rojoined liruco. and tho man who- had just ro t .rued from the opening, added : ''Yos, you'll soon be satisfied on the p'.int. He a huiniui or ?vMHHii—ns certain.ue we stand hero." Thi>inun n'ldrcssod slowly duscehded to and ihero' in.front-of him lay 'tie ijritiiiiiiif ? bWuIK? ,: ~ ... .;, ? ' I'e.itli must bo pleasant, someone has "id, because it ..always grins, but there' "in nupleasautry revealed iv that hideous i"?k thm strangely brought "to. light in tint wild and unfrequented epot. Uostiiig there in its woird grave, the iiiimkitig mouth, a'nd->sockets' vacant of Hicir oyce, itsocinod-to tho startled man ;>.be BMin ?.,.ntic.nu with-'life und tel- Itiijjtlio atory of its qu'eor abode. ??. j Uis comrades woro bending over him, ?nd nftor repeated requests from them, f put ha hand into the holo and iihud iierinjjly lifted out the repulsive relic of iiwrtiil Immunity. The wimiloring group, of mon looked vu P J,t it with almost superstitious fcol a litiiiiau skull;under ordinary cir <uiiistaiices is nat very awe-inspiring, "it tins skull must ha\o an extraordinary '"lory attached to it. How did it gat "aro? 1,, whom did it belong? Per ? ?P? it Wii? a dead and mute witnosa of a in murder, or mayhap some weary '"Sura along lifo's highway had volun "ilylmddown his ..load nnd shortened wojuurney will, his own hand. : H'eu it might belong to a touriat like wnwlvos, who, wandering through the "'Klorsrowth. had stumbled into the ' i.m.',l i ! : nnd, bo!,, B leriously in h?A. i! ?>thor died of starvation or l,?i, noko ' l Rnd killed by 'the. worn atil'i"" , i,ad I>een to,a ot those animals that i ?m", o,l ' a " d it was well known „" j} C !"W lrndboon eairiod "off by. them £ the north side of Mount Mace. Irem.'iT ? f " ,0 """> louted up at the £~"1 i Cli,r ' 110 fflou oE whioh Wca.ii -"..'? """ting sun, a momentary Bnt ' or ?<? PM?o?oe p£ tl?* human rilio, but it seemed ao improbable t!i?t tho thought immediately pasted away. TliC?o and a hundred other conjectures passed through tho raindu of tho silent group, and for several minute* no one spoke. Their eyos rested quostionly on tho impassive skull as thouyh adjuring it like tho ghost in Hamlet to " unfold its tale." but it* sphynx-liko immobility retealcd nothing. Perhaps this is tho skull of an aboriginal who has died hero and been buried in tho wombat- holo," Buggostoi ono of tho men. It sounded feasnblo ouough, but it did not elucidate I ho mystery, and as they still wondered, tho guide said : " Wo must bu getting away from hero, unless you wish to camp hero all night. Wo liaro only nbout t%vo hours of day-, light, and wo could nover pass through the Glon in tho dark. : Tho prospect of a night in that wild eorio spot was not to tho taste of the party, and, forgetting all about tho object of thoir search, they woro hurriedly gather ing their tools togcthor, when tho guide said : " Wo had better conceal the pick and shovels boro until to-morrow, as this holo must bo soarched for further traces of thu bnnos which should belong to tho skull. Several of my friends trill join in the search if you aro agrcoable, nml there is no need to bring theso awkward tools to tho hotel and back again." Tho young men at once foil in with tho Buggoetion, for now that they had gone so far, thoy wero oagor to probe the mystery to tho bottom. ,?-,... ?? ...--,. Securely planting the tools, they made their way back to the Forest Inn..; .-..:.? ? ? ; >?;;???;?? CHAIPTER-XV. }" "'??"? y r: ? h:?{<:-THE BKEtJBXOIt. ? .. ,'..? i-./ , ".'. ?MVh'ere's your wombat, boys ?" asked the smiling host. '''"' ' ' "V. " Here," replied Bruco, who had tskeri possession of tho ghastly relic by virtue of first discovery, suddenly uncovering tho skull, which, with its everlasting grin, seomod to..regard tho matter—probably from the frights it caiispd—in the light of a good joke. . " i ,". "'. '?'? " Whorb bn earth did' you got that?" inquired tho alnrmod innkeeper; ' * ' '?' '*' Diipr it out of a wombat-hole'at: the foot of tho Camel's Hump," ? was* the laconic answor. ??' ?"?-??-? ' ??". : "Ah," eaid English, thoughtfully, "this discovery requires ( sifting thoroughly. , It would bo, as well if you gavo information to tho police at.once, for some light oh past events may re- HUlt." .. , .. ?? ? .???:.?: you ' any' theory regarding' tho skull?"asked Bruce. .' :. " Yob, a couple of years aijo two mon mysteriously disappeared in this locality. They were last soon on tho Camel's Hump, and no trace lias been found of them since, with tho exception' of blood stains oh the great cliff..., It was thought at : tho- tinio' that during a thick mist which enveloped tho peak, thoy might have accidentally walked ovor tho preci pice ; but the abaonco of: the: bodies ren dered all attdmpta at discovery a failure, although every possible effort was made to throw light on the mystory."' .'".-'" ","I read something about it in tho papers;"replied Bruco. - ' ??--?? With this information regarding the ovont? of two yoars previous, which most of the party now recollected- roading in the metropolitan newspapers, liruiee sought out tho ono policomiin, stationed at Middle Gully, and placed .the skull in his possession, after recounting tho man ner in which it had been found. ? ?' '?? The constable arranged for a. largo party to proceed to tho spot on the follow ing day, and during the evening tolo graphed. to 'Melbourne for the detective who had charge of tho Edgar and Marshall disappearance casos. '?- With tho first , train next morning Do teotive Lynx arrivod, and a considerable number,of visitors und residents made their way to tho wombat- holo to search for further remains. , . ....-.,? :,. '.For sevoral houre the, parly labored, and at length they came to v recess in the drive —ovidoritly ono of" the sleoping places of the animal—whore they found rib-bonea partly gnawed and also a thigh bone. . - ???'?'?? :-- ':..:"'? ??? ?? ?? ??- ? ???'. Tlius encouraged thoy still excavated, nnd soon it was apparent, that they wero reaching the living occupant of the bur row.' "?' """ ' ' ' '. ? ? Doop growls and 'grunts wore plainly heard, and a'small terrier that "bearded tbolion in - his den," came out more rapidly than it ontered, and with every mark of fear. , . ~,? . ? In another half hour they saw tho eyes of the -wombat-gleaming through the darkhoss like fiory coala, and.at the sug gestion of aii old resident'it was decided to shoot it, for, said he :f . "If tho darned thing starts burrowing it may got away from us faster than wo can follow." . ? , Tho advice was Bound, and Bruce, acting upon it,.put a chargo of swan shot between the two gleaming eyes. A short strngglo and scraping followed, and it was evident the shot had done, its Still *tliq dingers 'toiled, .and. it,;'waa nearly five o'clock before they came to the dead.body of a wombat of unusually largo size, and evidently, from tho groyhairs— or bristles—which thickly studded the tawny hide, of great ago. j Lifting it out, they found the dnvb ended in that direction, and a ohambor of somo sizo.had boon scooped out. ' . . . This was tho regular sleeping anil din ing place of tho animal—its bod-ohamber and dining-room. Scattered about wero the bones of various animals, for n wom bat has tho -appetite .-of-a pig. It is herbivorous, gramnivoroue, or carnivor ous as occasion doirands. It is, in fact, omnivorous, for all'is fish that comes to . Tho'oxpariarioed eye of the detoctive at once discovered tho bones they wero searching for. . With the exception of the very smallest bonos,-the missing parts of the"ekeleton they wore in senrch of. woto found and carefully wrapped up.. .-?-?..-"?; Considerable difficulty was experienced in" gathering up the bonos, as they were nearly all brokon in various places. ? ?Hio "party then matVe.n. cl- jse.'senrcli; alo"rig tho route of tho excavation to see >f any branches from the main hole existed whero another skeleton might bo concealed; but none wore discovered. . After tho detective had made a rigid scrutiny of tho granite cliff, and measured the distance between the spot where tho Wood stains had been found at the base and the mouth of the late *??tat-hole, the party gathered together i?nd slo vlj made their way back to: Middle uuliy, Tarrying with them in a bag the inert bones that onco woro as capable of loco motion as the most robust amongst ' Thedoteotive tpok charge of them, and, arrivTng at thJ Village, "complied MoDouough. Uw oonstablo, to his residenco to obtain the skull ami Jicve U'j t with him. I UnlockiiiKuKinall cupboard, tli.- pMU-e -mau took out thu skn'.l unci liMiued it to his frioud. It was iv an exceedingly good i>tuto of preservation probably through its having beuii protected from wind and we.ither. Tho detective looked at it intently, as though lie ..iahed tv read its secret. Thou taking a small parcul frum his pocket ho unrolled itslowly, rovealing a tooth. ? ?;???'?: .'?.?'?,.?'? "Look hero, McDonouf;!)," ho eaid. " This skull has a rpmarkably fine set of teeth. Many-a swell, dudoor Gno .lady would , ouvy it their possession if they saw tlieni, hut one is missing, and I think f can supply the want." ,' ~.."' : Then carefully taking up tho bony head ho placed tho tooth in tho nolitary gap iv the jaws, and it fitted exactly.' ,v ? ;< : "You see,-this tooth, >ts. similar to its fellows in (ho jaw," he remarked; to the interested coustuDlo. :, ..,..:.',; ..' "I have no doubt it belongs .So the head, and it may furnish' an importnjit clue to tho identiQcation of the. .'skeleton. This tooth'was found at tho fbot of the Camel's Hump Cliff two:years '? ugo, .Uβ you may remember, whon KJgar,, the; tourist, and Manhall, ? tho survey man, disnppunrod. It is most. probable that tho remains belong to.orip of these men. But which ?" ho niusinfily added, " that's tho'point. The fact of tho bones boing* so fractured ?is also evidence that death resulted from a fearful fall." v ? "But how did tho:body got into tho' wombat-holo V', inquired M'Donough. "Tho wombat could not possibly have dragged it there, big though it was, and it could not have, been takon pioce- moal; tho search parties' were' at tho'plnco whero the tooth was found within twonty-four hours aftor tho man disap peared." -?' ..„':. "If we had found two skeletons instead of ono," roturned Lynx,., apparently un heeding his companion's questions, '.'.the mystery would havo boon much clearer, but as it is f don't like tho appearance of ?thociise." ?''??? -?<????;??.?? ..-. ?-.-? , --, ... f'-'MJut you. don't' supposn,"" was -the roply, '? that Marshall and Eilfiar would; have both walkod over the clilF at tho same time and at tho same spot, and havo been dragged away b/ ; the same wombat.. If they wero both accidontally killed dur ing the mist one of tlio bodius may havo fallen in another place, and the skeleton be now in another hole." ? -: . " But only ono spot showed traces of a fall ovor tho cliff," the detective answered;- Vand it is altogether iinprobnble that thero was a double accident at the same tinio, unless tho two men were together arid clutched each othor on tlio edge of tho precipice when they suddenly stepped over.' That woulil bo my solution if two bodies were found, but as it is," he added, with a shrug, "1 really cannot unravel the skein." .-?.:..- ? .. . . : . " Timo roveuls all things,"., sagely spokoM'Donouxh. ." ... "But what is "the good to us if half a oeiitury bonce the BOcro't is laid "bare." Another genoratioii" will get the credit, and thoy will look back upon us as stupid officers who hadn't onJugh sonse to know whon we wore hungry." " Come now. Lynx," good humoredly ' retorted. MoDonough, .."..we huvo sonso enough to know that wo aro hungry now, and' tea is waiting us. .Why should wo worry ourselves about a. matter that doesn't coiicorn us much, whon one of the most interested philosophically grins at our troubles," ho added, pointing to tho skull which rested ou tho table. "I wish to God it could speak," fer vently ejaculated the busincse-liko de tective. ~ .' ' . '?''.' '?'?. .' After a licarty ropnst—for thoir appe tites were not at all disturbed, but rather whottcd by tho discovery of tho skeleton tho two ofticere strollod over to tho Forest Inn, and obtained ... what little further information the party of waro housemen could give them as to the find ing of the skull. ? -???' ' : ' Half-an-liour later tho detective bade JtfcDonough good-byo, and was being whirled nway to Melbourne in tho night express, bearing with him a parcel care fully wrapped up, and which contained tho ghastly trophies recovered from the woinhat-holo. "Nowj" ho mused, as" he reclined luxuriously hi the empty first-class com pavtment, "this discovery opens up again tho case of tho missing men Kdgar and Marshall. Ono of them is_ no longer missing ;". ho went on, glancing at the package. ",!io is tlioro, but which of th'eih is it V Thero wasn't tho slightest sign of anything in the wombat-hole that would load to identification—not a rag of clothes, or paper. No sign of money or jewellery, nor, in fact, of anything. I will pay an other visit to the place iv a day or two, and Boarch it again. A crowd is always a hindrance to a good soaroh. perhaps the body was naked whon placed in tho holo, for I begin to think that nothing short of human intelligence could'so successfully have obliterated all tracos of the body which fell over tho cliff." : He puffed away for somo time at a cigar, and thon suddenly exclaimed : "Ah! I was nearly forgetting.the dia eovory of tlio man's footprint, whiph was found close. t? whero this tooth was picked up."—and as hospokoho tapped his , vest pocket—"That : footprint was proved to have been Marshall's, and could only have boon a day or two old at the time, as it was.not obliterated by. the rain that foil. 'Now, if Marshall, is uliye, ; what could have been his object in. disappear ing. That, puzzles mo. Ho poiild have no motive in placing Edgar's body in tho liolo if ho found it, and,:so' far as I seb; could havo ho possiblu motive in commit ting , murder. Accordingtotho survoy men ho was not a bad sort of, fellcw, but 1 must try and find out. something'more about him. No ono seemed-tu know anything about his antecedents when ho disappeared,' but I'll try it again. If I don't tryl won't know." \- Thus puzzling himself over the case on triistod to him,; Melbourno; was reached, | and the dotootive hurriod away to givo in his report to hie superior officer. . . Next d->y the metropolitan proas had a full account, dotailini; tho strnngo finding of tho mysterious skoleton, and though an inquest was held, no light was thrown upon its identity. : ? _ ?? 'The yenerivblo wombat that had beeu dono to dealH in Iv l?ir wuii & uouroeof considerable .curiosity when brought to town by the 'successful party of ware housemen. , '?? The.intercolonial and country pupors copied'tho thoir Melbourne contemporaries, "and, aftor, tho lapso of two years, the.mystery of the mount was again revived.' . . , r , , . ?]..-? CHAPTEII XVI; ?'?? ?; . : PHILLIP' SIMI-SON. If in olden times all roads led to Rome, it is no loss certain that Victorian history shows that all roads in this colony lead to Melbourne. ?.ricr tho first t*r?.;it rushes to tlio ?old fielae Uiis was <:.-pi-cially tho case, :ind tlio rfpunt in tlio mi-'tnipiilis by nice, ns- I i\ lina done much to build up the f ;rent city. Thoro is no need, to repeat hern how fortunes were spent in a few weeks.in the RiMpd man-traps of Melbourne, which yawned to receive tho lucky and foolish dither. Such things have been worn, tliread l< ire by repetition. . ' On Iho principle of " easy come, easy go," i: was only to beoxpectod that tho simple pigoons would bo pouncixl upon by. wat<-hful, hawks,;.but,'taking.all. things into considurntion, 'the .history: excitod 'times ..proves lhat far liioro hoiiesty and fair dealing was abroad than the many temptations which existed would lead t>no to"believe. ' ' ?'-? : \ : y' ;?' ; < With leu oauie, San FmncUco was in finitely worso in this runpeot: than the capital of -Victoria, so ihat.M elbouruitos. iliiive cause IJ look,with eomo pride on tlio early.KUtory of their city v -,,.:; : ,';,"',' Of course,'if any man with moro monoy than.'sense wishod to onter upon Hid downward course of dissipation he ooiild find in Melbourne! every opportunity;: of doitijr so, and many companions .who would help him on the Avcruiau road.:, .. If ho did not wish to net flic prodigiiMio. would .find life ond proporty as securo. as in the most orderly city 'of/the, British Empire, and. this fact undoubtedly in fluenced' mnny wealthy ? persons :'to ; p rmanontly'reside in the" city,'nnd ox pimdod it in so rapida manner.".' { : The Moliagal digger evidently took this .lattor view of lifo, and,' instead ofenunn dering his uiuiiey in the drinking liells nnd othor disroputablo' places, he'took quiet and respectable lodgings in a , ter race in Nicholson- street; opposito the prosont Exhibition building. :? Ilia liking. Jbr tho tup- room and, tho whisky bottle had suddenly left him, and he walked in the path of rigid morality.;. i 'Phillip , Simpson was tlio nnino.'he gave the landlady, and, : after a brief acquaint ance, that good woman vowed her'now lodger was tho "best eho ever had. '??? " He is no trouble, my dear,!' she con: ; fidentially informed a lady friondi: '.'He never gruinblos at his food ; hie bed al ' ways .'suits., him.*, and I ( am Buro," she added in a deep whisper, " lie has plonty of money, because he thinks as liltlo of a sovereign as I would of a shilling , ." " Is ho a professional man ?" nsked the visitor. ??-? ?? ? ?"*? ?-'???'?- ??? ' ? " I don't know ; ho doosn't speak much, and when he does he avoids mention of himself." ? '? :?/. ; ; . ? ' - ??: ''There is a mystery/about him, then. It niust bo charming to have a board or who has a secret to conceal," she' adilod, with*ii laugh, though not without a touch of malice, for she, too, kept a boarding house, anil had boon unfortunate with her lodger*. ? -'--. !? "I don't knotv whether he has a secret or not, ?andl don't pry into .my lodger's affairs. All I can Bay.is that Mr. Simpson is a vory nice man," repliod the landlady, bridling up. : ""'. ? "Mr. , Simpson; the " very nico man, , * was certainly widoly different' from tho morose, solitary, and ill-toniporod digger ofMoliagul. Yot so it wns. The leopard had changed. his spots—the transforma tion was complete. What had wrought the alteration could only ,havo been tho gold. The lucre, whiclt' debases some natures, had ap parently olovatod Jthis- 0110,1 and trans formed, the uncouth and brutal pauper into tho polished and refined gentle man. ;? i ...; :..,-. ....-- 1. - . Mr. Stinpsou was also fond of society— another phase of character from that pre sented at Moliagiil, where ho lived like a hormit." -:??:??"".' '.':????:""?? ? : . ?-. - ???? - .'Society in those; days . was not very exclusive—that ? ia, if : tho very highest and very limited circle be oxceptod—and the polite Mr. Simpson wns soon wol; corned in many, houses. ';.''','' '. ' ' Hi? manner certainly entitled him to tho invitations ho received," and it was whispered that his wealth ; was muoh greater . than'?. ho; cared, to lot people UIIOW. ??'- ? [' : . .?; .? '-. ;?-?,? ? .-. ~:?.- ?:;?'. ? ' Ho was not a boastful man, but what little he said, ho did, and, with a faculty for multiplication which did ,th?iir arith r met teal training credit, his acquaintances incroasod his banking account' at lcar<t tenfold. ?.' Whoro ??? he came from.' or what ho was—though' it was generally under stood ho.wnsa lucky digger—fow people carod to ask.'., It ..was suiUcient thiit lib had money, and conducted himself liko a gentleman." ? ?'..> s; ;k ;.>?;*.'? f* ?."? vV' On a certain evening, about three months . after ho took up his , abode in Melbourne,' Mr. Simpson was invitod to a rather select gathering at tho house of- a friend 'in Ilotham-streot, : East Mel. bourne; ?-'?;??' ?'?? ?? ? '.??:': '??>?'?-?.; '.vi-'.i. , Ho' had accepted thoinvitation, for ho made it a point of never refusing one if ho could help it.. His landlady had re marked that he never BDent an evening at homo, but passed them in society. ; It was nine o'clock when ho roached his friend's houso, and most of tho guests were assembled. ' '?'? His hoet.Mr. Evolyn,introduced him to those ho did not know, nnd this drugged digger, of a few months ago, settled <l?wn to his enjoyment with.tlio..easy cra'e'e'of a woli'-brod gentleman. ' [ Half-an-hourafterhis entry Mr. Evolyn approached and eaid : - ?:' " Two* friends, of mino huyq, just ar rived, and f think they are strangers to you. Let mo have the pleasure of intro ducing you." "I shall bo most ploased," ho answered; and tho two crossed the room to where a lady was seated, and (i.gontldinan .stand-' ingathor.Rirlo..;. .::.?;; ,V ." iliss Doyereau!C,> my friend Jlr. Simpson; Mr. Rsnnie, allow mc to intro duce Mr. Simpson." ? ?-? ' ? ' ' Tho young lady bowed, nnd formality ended ; tho four entered into conversation on common-place snbiocts. In a few minutos Evelyn hurried away to receive other guests who wore entor iujr. ?? and theconversation ilagqod for a time. ? . T ..' ' . Neither Adeline Doveroaux or Erno?t Bennio felt in much humor for talking, and, indeed, they both looked as if they would rather; bo away from tho gay scone.' ".?:..:??? ..-.? ???-;-:„--': ??'?;:-? _'? > Simpson felt it rather irksome doing all the talk,'and on tho first opportunity, with a polite salute, lid left them. *- "I would much Tathur I had not come, Mr. Runnic," tho girl said, Vbut 1 could not refuse the kind invitation of ray dear father's old friend." .:???? "I hope you .will bouolit by your aoeeptanco, for you know that 'all work and no play , ' and so on is not good for any one. You must not worry yourself too much with the sad business wo have in hand," he said, anxiously. ?; \, -. ."??"-, ??"? With forced gaiety he rallied the girl i b to* having a dance, :nftor..which the Miss Evelyns carried her away:'and monopolised her for some time. Site was seated conversing with the eldest daughror, wh.n Mr. Simpson ap proached and took tho vacant chair bo side hor, upon which Miss Evelyn re tired.—(To be' Continual) MM 0 