AGRICULTURAL NOTES. Tho woathor is gradually becoming more spring lilto, but sevoral days oxporionced last week were still of a "wintry oh&rnatcr.; Tho cereal oropsaro making satisfactory progress, and witha oontlnuanoo of favorable weathor tho prospoots for next season are meanwhile unusually good. In tlio northern distriots, where tho sun is being felt during the middle partof tho day, grass has bogun to spring nicely, nnd soon thero will be nbundanoo of feed for all kinds of stook. Sheep and oattlo havo wintered only model atcly woll ; as a rula, gracing stock of all kinds aro in rather low oondition, chiefly owing to tho wet winter. In South Australia, tho Chronicle remarks that the ohango whiah appeared to bo threaten ing when hut week's nates were written came, and a gonoral, though not heavy or prolongod, downfall was oxperionood. This rain, while not so copious as could ho desired, was most wol- eomc, and will rovivo languishing orops and givo a start to tho feed, whioh in many distriots is vory baokwaid. Tho orops in tho northern dis tricts, whore the rainfall has been muoh hoavier this yoar than in the lowor north and south eastern distriots, aro reported to bo still giving good promise, and a prolifio yield is pretty con fidently predicted. It is feared that oven should a plentiful supply .of moisture fall on tho lands in tho lowor northern distriots now it would ha too late to bo of muoh servico as regards tho hay orop, though it would be very sorviocablo for tho Gelds intended for whoat. During tho past wook reports of fine weather havo roachcd us from New South Wales. This, after tho recont prolonged rainy season, was a wolcomo otiange to pastoralistB and farmers, ns, indeed, it was to overybody. On sevoral sta tions, says the Mail, shearing was delayed on account of the weather. Now everything is in full swing, Tho prospects of tho coming spring aro rnoBt favorable. Tho roads in somo districts are still in a very bad condition, but a fow days' dry woather will soon set them right. Reports from the .Darling show that tho uppor rivers' aro still high.: Tho Tasmanian Mail reports that the middle of tho post week t was marked by very scvero weather. Intoneo cold was felt on Tuesday, and later in tlio day, ns tho pall lifted from Mount Wellington, its steep, oraggy sides wcro seen to be covered with 6now. On Wednesday tho rain continued to fall in -heavy showers, and tho snow enmo lowor down tho foothills. The first sitting of the Mallee land board was held on Monday at Parliament House. Mr. H. J. Wrixon, M.L.A., was elected chairman, and business was commenced by calling Mr. A. J. Skene, late Surveyor-General of Victoria, to give evidence; 'Ho said that he had travelled all round the mallee and had been some distance into that territory, but ho had nover absolutely crossed it. His opinion was that with the excep tion of some tracts on tho edges and by the Murray river, the mallee would be altogether useless for agricultural settlement, for the land would havo to be vacated in bad years. Mr. Slack, the present Surveyor-General, testified that there was a large area in the mallee that would be fit for agricultural settle ment, bat it could not bo contin uously. ocoupicd unless adequate water supply were mado available for domestic purposes. It did not appear to him practicable, at prosont, to irrigate, bo tho farmers must be content to lose their orops in dry weather. The most important ovidonco of tho day was given by Mr. Joseph Hayes, an ofiioer of the Lands department in charge of the mallee district. He said that land had been, in one or two instances, in the neigh borhood of Kerang, wrongfully sold by permis- sivo occupants, without tho consent of tbe department and in dafianco of their written protest. Ho reaommended that a policy of resumption of the mallee should be inaugu- rated by the Government, and that those two allotments in particular should bo resumed, as they could be sold ton times ovor. Othor wit nesses also spoko in disapprobation of Grown tenants of mallee blocks being allowed to cut up their property and sell it for their private profit to the prejudice of the Crown. It was an- nounced that ovidonoo would be taken in the mallee country, and the commission adjourned till 11 o'clock next morning. The Minister of Agricultnre has had rovised regulations, issued, guiding the distribution of tho butter bonus. The old rules, although sanctioned by tho Governor in Council, did not direct that the butter factorios must be of a permanent oharaotcr, and an Order in Council was. passed yostorday amending tho regulations, whioh now stipulate that the Minister must be satisfied as to the stability and permanent oharaotcr of tho.faotorios bofore agreeing to pay tho. grant.' 1 , Tho onmhorsomo and complicated syatom connected with tho selection of land under cor- tain sections of tho Land Act of 1884 has faeon reforrod toion many occasions, but it was left to Dr. Pearson to draw, pointed attention to the matter when the mallee question was under the consideration of the Legislative Assembly last waek. That hon. gentleman informed the Hoase that having administered tho Loads de partment for a short time he could quite under stand that selectors would prefer to obtain mallee allotments from a private indi- vidual rather than encounter the vexatious de lays attendant on an application being made through the Lands department. The Minister of Lands admits that tho system is unncoessnrily complicated, but states that it cannot be simplified without an amendment of the aat, and he has under consideration the desirability of returning to tlio sirnxdo process in forco prior to the passing of tho present act. It should bo explained that the process referred to is already ombodicd in section 42 of the existing statuto, but it is complicated by sootton 32, whioh requires soveral additional stages to be passod through bofore an allotment of land can he aeleotcd. Tho following will Indicate the present complicated system : — A wants a bloak of land. He must apply to tbe land officer of tho distriot undor seotion 32, and pay a registration fee of £L In a week or a fortnight or a month perhaps A with the other applicants for tho same pieoo of land, appears beforo the local land board, which deoides who is to get tho. block. Presuming A is successful, he Is then called upon to pay survey fees, and is allowed a month in whioh to do so. Having paid his fees,, instructions ore givon to a surveyor to.mark out tho land, aftor which the papers arc forwarded to the head office in Mel bourno, where a lease is prepared, signed by the Governor in Oounoil, and forwarded for AT to cxeouto. Having paid his rent and .fees, A desires to beoomo tlio freeholder of an agricul tural allotment of 360 nores, and to do this ho makes an application under section 42 ofitho aot. Tho original survoy is acoepted and a lioenoo is issued to him for nix years, during which period ho must -pay Is. poraoro per annum as rontal, and must reside five out of the six years on tho land. At tho end of tho six yeatB he has paid 6s. per noro out of tho £1 demanded by the State for each acre of land, and ho ia at liberty to pay tlio remaining 14s. in a lump sum and got his Grown grant, or obtain another loaso for 14 years, at tho end of whioh, presuming ho has paid tho Is. por acre oaoh year, ho will aoquiro tho frcohold of tho land. Tho 42nd seotion is identioal with tho 19th section of tho previous Land Act, and gavo satisfaction, because it enabled a selector to tnko up land without any difficulty. It will bo seen, how ever, that tho simple procoss of the 42nd seotion is complicated by tho preliminary and unneces sary stops that havo been takon under seotion 32\. Mr. M 'Lean proposes to amend tho not so as to provide that in the oaso of nn allotment of land not oxcccding 360 acres a solector will bo permitted to tnko it up without going through tho dolaying formalities of seotion 32. It is nntioipated that tlioro will be a largo amount of butter availablo for oxport to Eng land during-tho approaohing season, and accord ingly tho Secretary for Agriculturo is making arrangements with tlio F. and O. and Orient steamship companies for carrying shipmonts at regular intervals. Last season considerable difficulty was experienced owing to the absence of tho' necessary refrigerating space on board several ; of the vessels of cacli company. In view, however, of tho largo increase in tho exports this defect has boon remedied, and tho department wilt thoroforo bo in n position to .for ward shipments in regular ordor. An experiment in tbo direotion of settling working men on oountry allotments is being tried by Mr. IV. Moodie, of Wnndo Dale, noor Castcrton. He has out up a portion -of his estate into tenl2-aoro blooks, fencing them and . building a cottage upon oaoh. . .He proposes 'to ecttlo working men with their families -on theBO allotments at a .nominal rent, .with an agreement that they are to work for him-.at fixed wages when required, and when iho has no 'work for thorn thoy will bo ablo to employ themsoU-es in improving their holdings. In this way lie hopes to do away with labor tronbios. A meeting. of thoso interested in tho planting of Marram grass at Mount Richmond, and anxious to Boo tlio £50 granted by the Govern ment properly spent, was hold on Monday night at Mount Richmond, Mr. James Malseed in the chair. The interest taken in tho movement was oonsidorablo. Touobing the purchase of tho grass, it was stated that Mr. Adam lilaclr, of Bridgewator, was prepared to sell a quantity at a figuro which was considered so satisfactory that the offer was accepted. After gonor&lly; discussing and arranging for oarting and plant ing the gras3 at tho several places selected for tho nurseries, it was found tlint fully 17 tons of grass could be secured. It is anticipated tho whole of the grass will be planted this week. About 400 horsos will leave Gippsland for India at tho end of this wcok. The animals havo been specially selected for the Indian market, and are the property of Messrs. Lyon, Mooro and Fatorson. The entries for the Ballarat Siieop Show, whioh takes place on tho 3rd and 4th September, closed on Saturday, with the following result Merinos, 290 ; longwools, 85 ; fat sheop, 19. In addition to tho above, the 24 merino rams entered last year for sooured fieeoe of tbe highast value will bo again shown and shorn for the second timo for the prize of £25. A second competition for a similar test and prize haB been initiated for 1891 and 1892. .There are 21 merino ramB entered for this contest. Two shearing machines will bo employed in shearing these 45 rams. Tho machines . will be in full working ordor on tho 3rd and 4th prox. in the show ynrds. Tho principal flocks in Victoria will be represented at the show. Mr. O. Fronch, tho Govornment Entomolo gist, has just reooivod the apparatus, used in Algeria and Qyprus for destroying Ioousts. Mr. French requested tho Cyprus Government to send him three, whioh they hnva kindly done. Tho wholo affair is oxtromoly simple, Mr. French tried hard to get it landed in time for tho Agricultural Show, but failed to do so. '. The vignoronB in tho Ruthcrglen distriot re gard as very encouraging tho extonsivo order received by Messrs. Joshaa Bros., of Melbourne, for the supply of grapo brandy to the English mar ket. Messrs. Graham BroB., of the Netherby vino- yard, havo undertaken to eolleot and supply 200,000 gallons of wiiio for distillation. The vine growers consider that a practically unlimited market has been opened up for tho surplus wines of the colony. As tho result of an'iuspection of tho Ohaffoy Bros.'' settlement at Romnnrk, by the Commis sioner of Lands, consequent on an application by the firm for the transfer of 4600 aorcs of land to thom, the Commissioner has promised to facili tate tho issue of a grant for tho land as soon as tho main channels for tho irrigation thereof havo been aonstruated, Tbo Commissioner has ox- pressed himself as satisfied that the Messrs. Ohaffey aro making every effort to comply with tho terms of agrcomont, and that the prospects of the Bottlamont justify the belief of its ulti mate success. The Legislative Assembly having appointed a select committee to inquire into and report upon the subdivision and selection of mallee blocks, the Minister of Lands has issued instructions to withdraw Block 23 from subdivision. The land was forfeited by the Irrigablo Estates Company, near Lake Bagn, for non-fulfilment of the con ditions of the leaso, and it has been snhdividod into 30 .allotments, ranging from 210 to 350 aoros. A splendid shipment of island bred Jerseys consisting. of three bulls and three caws with two ealves has justarrived by thostcamer Fort Ado!- aido.They have boen imported by Mr. R. O. Brown and Bros., of Melbourne. Mr. Geaige Marshall, well known in Viotorian show ynrds, wont homo specially to seleat theso in oonncotion with Sir. E. O. Fowlor, of Southampton, the woll known exporter of these beautiful cattle. To fulfil the order of Brown Bros, overy herd in Jorsoy was specially visited to soeuro tho most suitable stud beasts for the Australian taste and market, and it Is olaimod that tho prosent shipment in quality and pedigreo exceeds anything hitharto scon in Australia! As a matter of faot they are not only from tho beat strains of tho brocd, bat they themselves took many of tho best prizas in their island home against all comers. Heading this importation is Royal Sovereign, No. 1451 J.H.B. His ardor is solid grey with blaok tongue and tall. Ho is by Camot, 1142 J. H.B., H.O., whoso grandsire was Royal Khedive 628 J.H.B., H.O., Champion of Jersey and descended from Young Frinoo, who won five first prizes on tho'iBland, and whoso grand dam was thatfamous oow Ooomassie, who was awarded first prizes in Jorsoy from 1876 to 1880. Royal Sovoreign's dam, Frotty Lady Superior, 6529 J.H.B., H.O., 0 grand solid groy cow and a dcop richmilker. Sho obtained tlio prizo over thowholo island, was reserved for tho Champion Challenge Cup and won tho sweepstakes over three par ishes— besides taking first prizo in lior own parish of St. Mary's. Tho younger bull of tho two is Progress ID., also a handsome grey, No. 1575 J.H.B. He is by Rosy's "Wclcomo III., 1204 J.HiB.— out of Dinah, 715 J.H.B., H.O.— a symmetrical dark'grey oow of surprising riohncss and quality. Rosy's IVoioomo III. is by Rosy's Welcome, 930 J.H.B., H.C. Progress III. was dropped ia May, 1890, and possossos all the qualifications noocssary in a first class bull. Coming to the heifers, probably tho gem of -the three is Frotty Lady Superior III., a solid grey, 6529 J.H.B., H.O.', and winner of first prize ovor all Jersey last May! Another of the heifers is. Berceuse, F. 153 J.H.B., also a solid groy. -Sho has sever-, been exhibited, otherwise we think :from her appearance: that she could claim un equal position to Pretty Lady Superior 'IIL, especially- for:-, neatness - and " broody " .points. Sho calved on the 3rd a£ June. Her sire .'is Cardinal, who is by Josophus, the grandsire of Neat Boy, sent to Mr. . Brown in 1888 by Messrs. Fowlor nnd da la Porrelle, and who waB sold by anotion'to Mr. Woodmason . for 350 guineas. - Berceuso is of tho same strain. . Two -heifers exhibited at tho Royal Agrioaltural Sociaty of Ireland's show rtt Dublin, in 1890, by Messrs. Fowler and de la Perrclla were also of this strain, and thoy obtained. first and soeond prizes in a vory .strong olass. Thoy are now.in tho possession of the Marquis of Hadfort. Tho remain ing heifer is Jossamino 9th, F. 155 J.H.B. -She is a grand heifer and a very deep milker, .possessing a large, well shaped udder uud teats well placed. She' oalved on -the 1st Juno to Carlo's Prince, 1282 J.H.B., H.O., who won .eeoond prize ovor Jersey and second herd book prize last year. ' It is frequently remarked that the best Jerseys aro to be found in England. Wo can oontrndiet this statement, and in truth can refer our readers to any show of Channel Island cattle held in England, and they will see that thrce-qaarters of tho honors are scoured by cattio bred on tho islands, and not by English bred ones. Tho Jersey breed in England, if kopt frco from island blood, becomes more coarso and unsymmotrical with oaoh generation, and it is owing to this faot, whioh, atrongo to say, happens more or loss in every oountry, that .Messrs. Fowlor and de la Porrelle continue to -export annually about 1000 head, eaoh indi vidual one being selected personally with the greatost care and tho exorcise' of considerable judgment. Thoso of our readors who may have the pleasure of Beeing tho present importation when thoy como out of quarantine in two 'montliB can rest assured that thoy will sea some of the finest spooimens of tho breed, in tho seleotion of which nclthor money nor time has been spared. Messrs. Campbell and Sons -have advertised the wholo for sale early .In November, so that breeders will have the oppor tunity of improving thoir herds with fresh blood from the best milking and prizo taking strains of Jersey itself. Thero is every prospect of the Kerang Co- operativeBntter and Ice -Refrigerating Faotory -being an .-accomplished faot. A large number of representatives from oroam faotorios met. -in Kerang receutly to. disouss tbo proposals of the provisional committee. If satisfactory terms aro complotod with tho owners-'df- ths building near the railway station, it is intended to start immediately with the erection of the refrigerating maohinery, A prize of £10 is to be offered for tho boat potato.diggingmoohino. ot tho nextWarrnam- bool show. These implements will be subject to a field trial. Tho Ararat distriot is to be honored by becom ing the summor residence of vice-royalty, as we undorstand that his Excellenoy the Earl of Hopotoun has pnrohased the Woodlands estate, aiid will tnko" ap his quarters there for at loast three months in tho yoar. The objeot of his Excdllonoy's visit to Ararat a few days since was for tho purpose of inspeoting'the estate, and lis was so well pleased with the climate of the distriot that ho determined to mako the ohango from Mount Maocdon, which it is considered will be more condnoive to tho health of the Conntoss. Another reason (says the Courier) given for tho removal from Maaedon is that it is bccoming'too crowdad for a quiet summer re treat. It is Btated also that his Excellenoy in tends to tako" an aottvo interest in station -pur suits and Btook breeding, and will manage the estate personally. . An attempt was mado in theTosmanian Assem bly tho other day . to repoal'the tax on imported sheep and oattlo. The motion was nogativod on a division. Sir Honry Parkos laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly in' Sydney a return showing the speaial grants given by the Government of New South Wales in aid of agricultural societies. From tho year 1882 to 1890 assistance had beon afforded to 44'sooietios, in -all parts of tho colony, tho earns granted having ranged from £50 to £19,550. The last named amount has been received sinao 1882 by the Now South Wales Agricultural Sooiety. Of this sum £10,000 was for the purchase of a show ground, and an additional £7000 was spcoinlly granted to the same sooiety for show purposes during tho centennial year festivities. The total -amount paid' to tho whole of the societies in ' tho poriod named haB been £35,000. A oonforenee took plaeo laid week between dolegatos from tho shires of Rodney and Wn- ranga for tho purpose of devising a schema of united notion for tho destruction of foxes, hares and rabbits in the distriot. Resolutions were passed to tho effeot that in tho opinion of the oonferoncc the nogleot of the M'lvor shiro to tako stops for tho destruction of foxes within its boundaries was unsatisfactory, and that the secretary snould writo to tuo Minister of Pubha Works, asking him tosoo that no injustioo was done to tho shires represented at tho aonferonas, who aro using ovor effort to destroy tho vormih. Tho confercnco was of opinion that tlio follow ing bonuses should bo paid for the skins ancl soalps of foxos, hares and rabbits : — Fox skins, fully developod, 10s, ; oubs' skins, 5s. ; hare and rabbit soalps, Id caob, A writer to an American paper says "Wliilo in tlio colonies last Bummer I learned a groom's triok about making a miloh mora adopt an orphaned colt. A groom in tlio employ of Mr. Fisher, of Brandon, in Now SoutlifWales, oamo in ono day and told the master that one of his favorite mares' was dead. Sho had a filly foal juBt two weeks old, and I suggested thnt ha get a common maic and knock hor foal in tha head, so that ahe could act as wot nurse to the foal- of tho dead daughter of Yattonllon. ' Niver moind, nor, ' said tho quick-witted Irish! groom. 'I know a tbriclc -that bates that intoiroly.' And Buro enough lio did. Ho asked | Mr. Fishor for a glass of brandy, and filling'hls mouth with it, ho sprayed it (after the manner of a Ohinoso laundry man) over the Bhouldera and withers of the little orphan. He then told Mr. Fisher to take some moro brandy and rnb the mare's nose with it. This was done, and in loss than ten miniitos the orphan was taking his nourishment from his stcp.mother. The triok was suoh a olever ono that on my return 'hero from Australia I told Colonel' Thornton about it ; and on tho death of Kate Dudioy ho put it into praotico at once. The brandy was .brought out, and, now tho visitors can seo a big brown mare. nursing two foals, one on each aide, and apparently unaware' as to which is her own legitimate offspring." 'A general meeting of membors of the Fort Fairy Agricultural and Pastoral Association was held on Saturday afternoon, the chair being 'occupied by the president, Mr, J. 0. Ritchie. (The correspondence reoeived included a letter from the Villidrs and Hey tesbury kindred society intimating that a deputation would wait upon the Seoretary of Agrioulture on the 27th inst., to urgo upon that official tho desirability of establishing an" agricultural college upon tho land formerly comprising the Framlingham aboriginal station. The nppointmeut of dele gate's to attend the meeting was asked for, and it was resolved that the president and Mr. J. B. Holden be asked to act as such. A communica tion was likewise received from tho secretary to tho Victorian Farmers' Protection Association, giving notioo of a convention to be held in Molbournoi during the show week, and the gentlemen abovo named were desired to repre sent this society, if convenient. The notioo of motion givon by Mr. A. Whitehead for tho adoption of the "single judge " system sit tho shows of tho association was tho next businoss on the sheet. Mr. "Whitehead argued that the plan : proposed would, if adopted, do much to popularise the shows, both with exhibitors and the genoral public, . whilst the funds of the society would also bo supplemented, owing to the increased number of entries to be expeatcd, and there would likewise bo a better prospeot of securing'the sorviccs of the most competent men in the colony to fill tho position of judges, as these "gentlemen would agree to officiate if they knew; they would bo in a position to give expression to their own judgment, instead of perhaps being over ruled by two associates, who might know vory little about the points of the animal boing judged. Mr. John Goldie seconded the motion"," stating that on the days when the society had been compelled to work under the suggested plan, only ono man turning up, the greatest satisfaction had been given, both to exhibitors and tho general public. The. motion was then put to the maeting and carried unani mously. At n meeting of the residonts of Samaria, last week, it was unanimously resolved to have a creamery established at that place in conjunc- tion with tlio Samaria' Buttor Making and Crea mery Company Limited. Over 200 shares in that company were subscribed on tho spot, with tho rcquisito numbor of cows. A sito was given by Mr. S. Monhenitt. An English paper states that large numbers of farm servants are emigrating from Scotland to Australia. It is roportcd that the loco weed has found its way.to Australia from America. The loco weed is to vegetation what the rattlesnake is to animal life. The name comes from the Spanish and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green and grows in small bunches or handf uls, and scat- tors itself in sparse and meagre way about tho country. It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels about not a little. Localities, where it this season flourishes in abundance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of yonrs to come. Tho prime proporty of tho loco is to produce insanity in men and animals who partake of it. . Animals— mules, horses, sheep and cattle— avoid it naturally, and, under ordi nary oircumstances, never touch it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow has eovered the grcon grasses, these green bunohes of looo standing clear above the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it. Still some do, and it at once creates an apetite in the viotim similar in its in tense force to tho alcohol habit in mankind. ' Once started on the downward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a short time its effects become perfectly apparent. You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless plains, with not a living, moving thing in his vicinity. His head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On tho in stant he will kick and thrust out his heels in the most warliko way. Under tho influence of loco be. Bees- himself surrounded by multitudes of threatening ghosts and is repolling them. The mind of the. animal is completely . gone. He cannot be driven or worked bccauso of his utter lack of reason. . The annual report of the Wellington Meat Export Company shows that after providing for depreciation and writing to reserve £2000, there remains to tho credit of profit and loss a Bum of £5761 Us. 5<L The directors recommend the payment of a dividend of 8 per cent., absorbing £2803 Is. 5d., leaving £2958 10s. to carry for ward. The directors notify that arrangements bave been entered into for a reduction of freight upon meat of 0£d. per lb. from 1st December next, or an average rato throughout tho year of Id. porlb. for mutton, l&L; for Iamb and 0|d. for beef. We have received a pamphlet on WatUes and Wattle Barks, by Mr. J. H. Marden, F.L.S., of Sydney. .. This little work is the practical out come of many years of rosearoh and observation in the subject matter on the part of tho enrator of tho Technological Museum, Sydney. It has been prepared and is boing published at the present time at tho request of tho Department of Fublio Instruction, which haB recently as- turned tho dircot control of technical education in that colony. Tho experiments in wattlo culture in Victoria and South Australia bavo resulted in practical success, and in the latter colony tho industry is being carried on with increasing vigor as a profitable pursuit. On A future occasion wo shall refer to this pam phlet moro fully. The annual meeting of the Ballan Agricul tural and Pastoral Society was held tho other day. Thebilnnce sheet and auditors' report wererond,n!so the committee's report, all of which wero adopted. The report of the committee, after congratulating the sooiety on its present prosperous condition, Btatcd that the income for 1890-91 is muoh largor than that of any previous year. Tbo total receipts aro £848 16s. 2d., inoluding trophies value £18 15s., and tho expenditure amounts to £670 8s. 5d., also in cluding tho above trophies. Of this sum, £343 Is. was paid in prizes, leaving a credit balance of £178 7s. lid., of which £100 has been plaoed at fixed deposit in the Commercial Bank, Ballan, the remaining £78 7s. Ud. remaining at current account. At the last show, held on the 26th February, the' blood Btock was of excep tional quality. Thoro were in tho ring at the same time two Melbourno Cup winners and a CaulBold Cup winner. Regret was expressed at' tho great loss caused to the society by tho doath of tho late secretary, Mr, R. H. Young, whoso son has sinco been eleoted to fill tho position. The show yards sub-committco re ported that tho following additions wero re quired : — 20 cattle pens, 140 shcop and pig pens, 80 horse stalls, fowl pens and improvements to tho netting in the produco shed, at n total es timated cost of £150. Professor Tliomas, of Auckland, thinks he has obtained somo' light on tho mysterious dis ease which hits reoentiy been so disastrous to sheep owners about Taurango. He . 1ms had submitted to him specimens of a parasite witli which tho stpmaoh of 'a bulloak' killed at To Aroha was found to be -infested, and finds it now' to New Zealand, though well known in Europe-rtho amphistomura oonicum, or stomaoh fluko. ' ' Tho applications of candidates for admission as students to the now agricultural; college at .Richmond, New South "Wales, are already mush larger than was at first anticipated, and more than can be accommodated in the present building, pending the erection of the new college. Tbo department has secured temporary prcmisos for the accommodation of pupils. This will enable tile number of students to be increased to 50, which numbor is, however, insufficient to meet even the present number of applicants. The Minister for Agrioulture has thoroforo decided that the most fitting candidates shall be chosen, suoh fitness boing decided upon the educational status shown by candidates in . their school careor. . ; Last .ivcok botween 30 and 40 young men living bctweon Colbiiiabbin and Corop "West started out to shoot hares, which are very numerous in tho locality. They bagged about 300, whioh wero subsequently sent to Melbourne. This is the sixth batoh which has been killed within an area' of 4 or 5 miles during the last fivo or six woeks. The knros realised from Is. 3d. to Is. 6d. per pair in Melbourne. ' Among the sales of stock, whioh constitute not the least important featuro of show week in Albury, Messrs. Griffith and Co. are offering a consignment of Vermont sheep, which have been imported direct. The oonsignmont com prises 23 merino rams and 15 ewes, and consti tute the entire shipment. The introduction of theso sheep, into tho flocks of Riverine parti cularly, has been ono of tho featuros of stock raising of recent years. Tho sheep will be on view at the show ground on show days. ' A meeting in connection with tho establish ment of tho Wangoom creamory was held last week. There was a large attendance. Mr. Ivor J. "Williams, secretary of tho Grosmere butter factory, was prosent to explain matters, and he said that 187 shares had yet to be taken up to make tho 800 guaranteed for tho creamery. There were about 20 guarantors presont, and tiioy at onco agreed to take tho shares mentioned —in faot, tho number would have been sub scribed twice over if necessary. Tho "Wangoom creamory is being established in connection with the Grasmero factory, and tho .shareholders seem determined to mako it a success. Tho buildings and maohinery have been erected, and operations will be commenced in the course of n few days. Aoting on the suggestion made by Mr. Knight, the Government oxpert who recently visited Inglewood, the borough eounail, at their meeting held on Tuesday evening, deeided to apply to tho Department of Agrioulture for the reserva tion of 50 acres of scrub lands within the borough for an experimental farm, also to in< vite tho co-operation of the North Western Agricultural Sooiety, and that tho Minister of Agrioulture bo askod to doputo an officer to visit the locality and report upon the same. The Royal Agricultural Sooiety of New South Wales is moving in the direetion of the esta blishment of a slicepbreederB' instituto, as re- commendod by tho Intercolonial Gonferenco of Stook Inspectors, which recently met in Sydney. Circulars have been distributed to kindred societies in the colony as to the dosirabloncss of requesting the Government to consider tho ox- pedioncy of providing greater facilities than aro now obtainable for imparting instruction in re gard to shoepbrccding and woolsortiug. This ciroular was accompanied by a copy of tho pnpor read before a meeting of paetoralists by Mr. Alexander Bruce, Ohief Inspector of Stock, on theneoessity for establishing a shcepbrccdcrs' institute, and tbo seoictios to whom the oiroulars wero addressed wero invited to consider the question and forward an opinion or any sugges tion to tho ohief society. At a meeting of tho counoil of tho Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales, tho following resolution was carried That, while fully recognising the important work done by the teohnical branch of the Department of Fublio Instruction, in making the valuablo collection of samples of wool which Mr. Hawkesworth has got together, in affording tho information constantly asked by sheepowners and others visiting tho museum, and in reporting on samples of wool forwarded from the country for that purpose ; and while recognising oIbo tho exoellent arrangements which are being mado at the Hawkosbury Agri cultural College for giving tho students tlicro the necessary teaching in sheep and wool— tho council aro of opinion that something moro, and of a moro practical nature, is required to bo done for the younger portion of thoso now actu ally engaged in aheop farming, who stand in need of instruction in their calling, but who oan only spare a short time to obtain it ; and ns tho council consider that tho proposed refcronco would bo vory likely to aid in doviBing means to that end, they aro of opinion that the rcfereuco should be made." 