A VISION OF DROWNING. My earliest days were spent in a village in Wales, though in which shire I really cannot tell you, nor does it matter much, as the circumstances of my childhood's sur. roundings have nothing to do with my own opinions of those personal experiences I am abouat to relate to you. I was an only child, had lost both my parents when very young, and was cared for, brought up, and eduoted by a sister of my mother, of whom I should be able to speak more kindly and whose memory I should cherish with greater fondness had there not been around her an air of mystery--a strange impene trable reserve, that was I am convinced quite foreign to her nature, but which kept her from association with her neigh bours; rendered her it seems to me , all but friendless; ' and re pelled the natural outgoings of an affection on my part that was born of a keen appreciation of her unnumbered acts of thoughtful kindness. She was a tall, stately lady, rather slimly built, of refined and intellectual cast of countenance. Her brow was broad and high, smooth and white; her eyes large, dark, and deeply set under straight eyebrows. Her complexion was pale t never do I remember this mar ble-like pallor having been affe, t?d by any of the events which I have to relate. She was taciturn; never encouraged the con fidence of others nor seemed to repose any trust in them. In short-her manner, her appearance, her habits, were all those of a woman whose course through life was direoted by some powerful all-control ling influence of which she alone was cognisant. The house in which my aunt and myself and old Hester lived for many years, was rather large in comparison with other houses in the neighbourhood, surrounded by an extensive garden and lawn, enclosed with a lofty brick wall, so that it was isolated and secure from the prying eyes of tourists who were pretty frequent visitors to the Abbey ruins and other objects of in terest to those who find time to investigate such things. From the upper windows I could see a lovely landscape, and can at this moment vividly recall what I was too young to appreciate at that time. But my memory is tenacious and the strange events which happened in my childhood are all recorded in the order of their occurrence; and though fifteen years have elapsed since the catastrophe which concluded that stage of my life's journey, the recollection of them is undimmed; I am not Euro if it is not intensified by long brooding. I was about ten years old and had returned from a school at Bristol to spend my Christmas holidays. My aunt had welcomed me in her usual frigid manner not unkindly, not with the slightest evidence of irritation, but without any warm pressure of the hand, with a kiss as cold-as her face, and as icy smile. The Christmas fare was generous, but there were only myself and my aunt to enjoy it., though old Hest*r did unuhend a little and get me down surreptitiously to the kitchen, where she treated uas to a glass of hot elder wine; wino of her own famous make. After dinner we, that is my aunt and I, drew our chairs to the fireside and talked of my school and echooltello s,. my masters, my likes and dislikes. She said but little and always spokl qusietly but still 'a"seemed to have thl art of drawing me out, and as I am naturally unreserved I was soon telling her all or nearly all that was in my heart. 'There's ore fellow there, aunt, that I hate, I really hate him. His name is Hallett, Percy Hallett, and he is always doing me some harm.' At the mention of the name of this obnoxious schoolfellow, my aunt raised her eyes from the glowing fire and looked at me intently. SIn what way does he harm you, Fred ?' she asked. 'Oh ! he tells of anything I do that's against the rulee-he planned to get me a hiding for one pic5ure that had been drawn by Will Bassett into my desk. Will Bassett can draw like anything, and he drew Mr Scrivens, the head-master, with such funny hair and whiskers that we we all laughing at evening prayers. Old Scrivens came 'roundto find out what had been going on, and what the laughing had been about. One of. the b-ys said, " a picture." So he boooked for the picture and found it in my desk. He was in an awful rage and thrashed me cruelly.' 'True to the intinets of his base nature,'t said my anunt in a 'whisper. 'eocy Hallett the younger is a new edition of Percy Hallett the elder.' T'hen in a louder tone, though still quite low as c she always talked, my aunt added, ' You will not be cruelly beatenagain, Fred. At a least not through Percy Hallett or by Mr Scrivens.' 7 I was gladito hear this, for my life was s becoming a hard onothrough the persistent animosity and causeless malevolence of this lad, who was several years older than c myself. I was not likely at that ago to trouble myself about cause and effect, and I therefore I was quite satisfied with the 1 knowledge that I was not to be placed e under dIr Scriven's iron rule any longer, I without thinking about or at any rate I attaching any importance to my 'unt's t muttered words concerning Percy Hallett. Night came all too quickly, annd old Hester r led me[to my new zoom, which bhd been ' specially prepared for my reoep~bion,' she said. It was a somewhat gloomy room, I as indeed were all the apartments in the I house; but everything had been done by i the old servant to make it as comfortable I as possible for me. So after drawing the curtains and invoking God's blessing on me the good old soul shut my door, and I heard her footsteps on the stairs as she descended. I fell asleep as soon my head was upon my pillow, but how long I slept I don't know. I was awakened by some unusual I noise, and for some minutes had difficulty 4 in collecting my senses sufliciently to dis- I cover the cause. Then I became aware that voices were raised as if in altercation, 4 and this was something so extraordinary in my aunt's house that I sat up and listened intently. The sounds proceeded from the ball, and though the night was 4 bitterly cold, and the room of course dark as pitch my eurosity and alarm got the better of all other feelings, and I slipped out of bed, cautiously opened the door, and stepped softly down to the first landing. I beat a hasty retreat, however, on perceiv ing my aunt with a lighted taper in her hand, and a strange man attired in a rough pilot jacket, such as seafaring men usually don in bad weather. 'Go I' said my aunt, "Go and never, never dare to show your face here again. Miserable, cowardly wretch that you are, go and kidnap negroes, plunder on the high seas, or do any other dirty 'work that the devil can find for you to do.' 'Tut! tut! tut!' replied the man. 'You're angry, and it's waste of time to try to reason with an angry woman. If M'Intyre's safety isn't worth that much you don't care abpnt him as you should.' 'I bade you go. Will you compel me to call assistance to make you ga P' ' Don't trouble yourself, I'm going, but mind what I say for the third and last time -I'l1 wait at "The Moonrakers" until to morrow at bha'f-past four, and then I'm off; and when I see McIntyre I'll tell him that his loving and devoted wife, living here in comfort and peace, declines to ameliorate his condition, washes her white hands of him in fact, and leaves him where his safety isn't worth a moment's purchase.' ' If he has fallen so low as to send such a f llow as you to me he is no longer the man that I believed to be innocent and wronged beyond measure. Even so, I should so far pity the Roderick I once worshinped that I would not withold the aid that would save him from the fate his crime and folly merited ; but I would certainly entrust the means of safety to hands that would nothbe dt filed with blood money.' ' Do as you please; hard words break no bones ; but when yon talk about blood money let me ask-what else was it McIntyre took ?' At this moment Hester came from one of the back rooms, and with 'her a labourer who was employed occasionally to do odd jobs about the garden, the little meadow attached to it, or the house itself, and my aunt ordered him to open the hall door, which he did. Then again she bade the unwelcome visitor depart, and imsme diately afterwards I heard the door shut. the bolts shot, and the iron bar swung into its sockets. Then my aunt instructed Haster to give Stokes, the labourer, some refreshmout-it was a monstrous shame she said to bring him out in the bitter frost at such an hour. Back I went to bed, but not to sleep again in a hurry. M'Intyre, Roderick M Intyre, who was he ? My aunt, Miss Montague, was a maiden lady, so the threat of this sailor fellow could not refer to her ; yet she had said ' the Roderick I once worshipped.' It was all mystery to me, and I recollected with something like terror and self-upbraiding that I had no right to know even as much as I did about it; that in fact I had been an eaves dropper, or, as we should call a fellow who did such a thing at school, 'a sneak.' I had a very wholesome contempt for such paltry creatures as sneaks, and felt angry with myself for having impulsively and thoughtlessly acted like one myself; so I laid upon myself the injunction to keep the incident a profound secret, which at my age was penance enough for the unpre meditated offence. Several weeks passed away, and nothing occurred worthy of record. My aunt informed me that she was in communication with .other school masters regarding my education, and then put what seemed to me a strange ques tion. ' Fred, would you like to learn at home instead of being sent away to school ?' Doubtless ninety boys out of a hundred would have unhesitatingly answered 'yes;' but my life had been so lonely and and cheerless in the quiet, old, gloomy house without companionship, and with out break in the monotonous round of eating, drinking, and sleeping, that I paused and mentally balanced the pro babilities of school tyrannies against home dallness. There membrance of the recent persecutions if the hateful Percy was, how ever, to fresh to be Ignored, so after a few midiates' thosght I anewe?re' Yes, sunt I want to learn and they don't give m?e credit for wanting, but are always dinning into my ears that I am idle, mischievous, and I can't tell you what else.' 'Very well, Fred. I will arrange for your instruction at home, and I hope you will give me no cause to regret the intro duction of a stranger to teach you.' A few days afterwards a fly drew up at our door, a portmanteau and other luggage were carried in, and a tall, dark com plexioned man, apparently about thirty years old, followed the luggage. Hester showed him into the dull low-ceilinged parlour on the right hand-side of the hall, and presently my aunt taking me by the band led me into his presence. ' Mr Harley, this is your pupil, my nephew, Frederick Ormond.' Mr .Harley took me by the hand, and spoke in a voice of singular sweetness, ' I feel sure that we shall be very great friends.' And he was right. It was impossible that anyone of gentle mind and thoughtful temperament could be anything else but friendly with him, and the days, weeks, months flew on in such unbroken peace and happiness that I cannot hope to have such a period of my life repeated, even though my days are prolonged to the three score and ten or four score of the psalmist. Butwhen about eleven monthehad gone by. there wasa strange change in the demeanour of my aunt. do calm and cold as she always had been I was astonished at frequently finding her in tears, and on one occasilon when I inadvertently entered the room,. which we called the study because there I took my daily laesons, and there were all the books of which my aunt was owner, Ifound Mr Harley in earnest con versation with her, while she excitedly paced up and down the room, and spoke with such vehemence that I shrunk back and closed the door behind me without I believe either of them having seen me, but not till I had heard worde that set me thinking, and brought to my mind vividly the scene on Christmas night. 'Itell you he is dead. I tellyou I saw him as distinctly as I see you at this moment. I have never been there, but I could so describe the place that you could find it. Roderick McIntyre has died, and by the hands of that fiend that came here months ago. , "' ..." '-. ... BOUND IAND AND FOOT AND TRLOWN INTO ?II LIARE. The next day Mr Harley left my aunt's house, taking with him nothing but a valise and a cloak, and without even taking leave of me or telling me what to do during his absence. He seemed to be acting under some strong excitement, for there was a frown on his dark face and a com pression of his lips that I had never seen before. I naturally asked my aunt for an explanation of this, and was fairly faight ?ned at the pallor of her face and the stony stare of her distended eyes as she answered SRoderick McIntyre, your uncle, is drowned- tied hand andfoot and drowned! I saw it all last night, whether sleeping or waking I do not know ; and I have been harsh to him-hated him-hated the man I once loved and gave up fortune, friends, and home for.' I looke I at her in amazement not un migled with terror. There was something so strange and awful in the white face and terrified eyes s as she looked straight before her at the dull sky and mist.cbvered hills as if she saw something there that others could not see. 'Fred,' she said, alter a moment's silence, withdrawing her gaze from the dim landscape and turning her dark, solemn eyes upon me,' You are the only link that is left me-the only living creature that reminds me that I was once rich in affection, and that I ought to have been satisfied instead of craving for more. Your mother loved me,loved me more than I deserved, for I repaid her by robbing her of him who was a curse to me and would doubtless have been to her. 3ut she never knew this-she forgave me, as she, gentle soul that Ehe was, fancied that she needed forgiveness from our Father. Roderick McIntyre turned from the soft, pliant, clinging creature that idolised him to the stronger, fiercer, more resolute woman that loved him less yet more than he was worthy of being loved. Poor Nellihe never murmured-she married a good and hon oured man, and when you were born and I watched her keenly I could not discern the evidences of regret even, much less of re sentment against myself. I had plucked the Dead Sea apple by that time and tasted the bitterness of gratified ambition. My idol was of worthless clay, and bitter were my self-upbraidings. . Yet mingled with these was the glad knowledge that I had saved my gentle sister from a fate which would have been too hard for her, but which my stronger nature could bear and perhaps conquer. So that out of evil had come forth good. There came a day when so bitter shame and humiliation I had niught your father's advice and protection. Your mother was dying and I was alone with her. ' Nellie, darling, I wronged you, but I have saved you from worse than death, dishonour. Our idol is but a bold, bad man, and he is, thank God, my hus band, not yours. I grieved you deeply, cruelly, se'fishly, Nellie; but oh ! forgive me, for I am a wretched woman this day.' 'Dearest Frances, I forgave you long ago. It was not your fault that Roderick loved you more than me.' I was silent. Conscience was lashing me severely. I knew all that I had d ne to win him ; Nellie did not. Yet mingled with that mental anguish was a joyful thought that I, the strong one, had to bear with him instead of gentle Nellie. ' My boy., Frances, my boy,' she said, grasping my hand. ' George will probably marry again-why should he not ? Frances, you would be something far better to FProed than a stepmother. Will you ?' Nellie loi ked wistfully at my cold, hard face, and I think it softened as I kissed her I and told her that her boy should henceforth be mine, for a smile that was at once for f giveness and the restoration of our old deep sisterly.affection played about her lips and eyes until the stupor of delirium in which she died clouded her sweet face for ever. So you came to me, Fred, and scarcely had you come when you were fatherless as well as motherless. I left the town where I had held so lofty a position, changed my name r to my maiden name, and you have always known me as your aunt, Miss Montague. t I am and have been all these clouded years, I Mrs McIntyre. It matters little that I am ta widow now, I have been more than widowed many years.' S' Uncle McIntyre is dead then, aunt ?' SYes-I saw him last night drowned, tied hand and foot and drowned. Mr s Harley has gone to Ireland to investigate I the matter, but it will only be to confirm I my vision. The place-the lake-the sur I roundings-are all stamped, burned into amy brain. He cannot fail to find it. But I should have been less unforgiving, less proud, more merciful. Oh ! woe to us poor I mortals if the mercy we show to others is the mercy meted out to us. Go, my. boy, go aid amuse yourself until Mr Harley returns. I must lie down again-I feel very ill.' She kissed me and left the room for her own hamber, and I never saw her again until the stern, cold face was rigid and dead. An illness which bafll d the skill of the only doctor of reputation in the neigh bourhood, had her in its death grasp before night, and the day after Mr Harley's return from Ireland she went out into the great unknown. When the funeral was over and the shock of her unexpected death had worn off, Mr Harley took me more completely into his confidence than before, and it was then thin I learned the details of these strange events of which I had hitherto only had fragmentary infor mation. Mr Harley's narrative was somewhat to the following effect. Roderick McIntyre wasa man of wealth and position in Bristol, where his father had amassed a consider able fortune as a merchant. Roderick, however, though talented was extravagent, ostentatious, and proud. He took into partnership a younger man, one Pez cy Hallett, whose abilities as a business man were superior to his own though he despised them and regarded Hallett as the plodding subaltern who was to carry out the brilliant schemesof his commercial general. For years the house of McIntyre and Co. towered above other commercial edifices, until one fatal day it toppled over like a cast'e of cards, and Roderick McIntyre felt that discretion was the better part of valour, and found safety from infuriated dupes in flight. Hallett remained and met the storm with sanctimonious asseverations of innocence of complicity in the great man's nefarious schemes. ' He had re mained-the consciousness of innocence supporting him,' said the credulous public, while McIntyre had gone no one knew where to hide his guilty head. Mrs McIntyre threw open her door to thecredi tors-bade them take all, and withdrew from the world of wealth and importance, and hid her grief and indignation in the comparatively humble home where I had first become conscious of existence. Ope elderly and faithfal servant that had been her attendant when a girl alone accom paried her, and years went by until to his surprise and delight Mr Harley one day received a letter from her bidding him if possible to come to her aid and mine. He was a nephew of her sister's husband, and had been much attached to my mother, who had prayed to him to help her sister if ever if she needed help. He had a small income, sufficient for the absolute necessi ties of life. but it was necessary to suptle ment that by earning what he could as a private tutor. So, knowing what my aunt's income was, he had come when sent for, and remained until the drama was played out. No news of her husband had ever reached my aunt until that Christmas night, when, as I told Mr Harley, I had heard the voice of the seafaring man in the hall, but that villain had brought with him evidences that showed that M'Intyre was yet alive, ard actually engaged as an agent on an estate in the wild west of Ireland. The statement of this man was to the i feet that M'Intyre wua in imminent danger that unless money was forthcoming to enable him to securon passage to America, the chances were that he would bh murdered. He, the messenger, had a ship under his cowmand, and would save him if his wife made It worth his while, if not, he, M'Iutyre. could take his chance. He, the sailor, didn't care whether M'Iulyre lived or died-it was purely a matter if business with him, but he should mIngiue it was something more than that to his wife.' To such a communication made by such a messenger, notwithetanmieg the credentials the fellow showed, it was not likely that Frances M'Intyre or .liss Montague, as she called herself, would re turn any other answer than one of di fiance. I remember well the bitter scorn of her tones as she bade the sailor ' go-kidnap negroes, plunder on the high ses, or do any other dirty work that the devil can find for you to do.' But the incident com. pletely destroyed the sense of security in which during ten long years she had lived, and the apathy that had become habitual to her was broken by keen re membrances of past social triumphs, and delights that had at one time seemed to her to be the only things worth living for. She had idolised her clever, brilliant husband; his ostentation and lavish ex penditure had seemed to her but the natural outcome of a generous disposition, and a great mind which scorned trifles and could only deal with vast projects. The revulsion when she discovered that all this pomp and display had been paid for by con. fiding creditors was terrible, and for a long time in the bitterness of her resentment she positively hated the man she had once adored. Time, however, had softened that resentment, and the crushed flower of affection began slowly to revive, when it seemed to her improbable that her husband' could be still living, and not make known that fact to her. But if this sailor's state ment was true-and the letter he brought was certainly M'Intyre's handwriting-her husband was not only alive but was imean enough to seek toprofit by making his exist ence known to the woman who believed him dead. Agitated by conflicting emotions she wrote a bitter, unfor giving letter-despatched it to the messenger, who waited at the inn called ' The Moonrakers,' and heard no more of her husband until that terrible night when, as she told me, whether sleep ing or waking she knew not, but she saw him-saw him dead-drowned, with bound' hande and feet in the gloomy lake ini Ireland. The vision was so distinct-the' surroundings were so minutely and inde. libly impressed, or as she said, ' burned' r into her brain,' that not a doubt of the is tragic end of Roderick M'Intyre entered f, her reason. Harley endeavoured to combat y her views of the extraordinary vision. 'l 'Phychical phlnonema,' he said, 'were becoming a most interesting branch of sr scientifi. investigation, and doubtless the n dream was to be imputed ti the fact that d slumbering memories had been aroused by if the visit of that unwelcome guest at Christ 1- mas, and brooding over the past she had at s length wrought her imagination up to the 'a production of the vivid phantasm she had me described to him.' But all this fell upon ss her ears without affecting her convict;on h that her husband was dead-that he had a been foully murdered-bound hand and P, foot :ad thrown into the lake. Harley Is must go - must lay before the police .d authorities the facts of M'Intyre's dis r- appearance and the threats of the fellow Delaney who had visited her. o ' But how do you know that he has e disappeared ? ' said Hark y. 1, 'I knowv it,' replied my aunt, 'as surely as r- you sit there and are looking at me, Rod It, rick MI'Intyre is dead. For days preced t, ing the appearance of that phantasm I io suffered agonies of dread. It was not my physical ailment; my health was perfect; n but the sense of impending evil wias over d whelming and forced the tears from my g eyes as I vainly strove to resist what seemed ie to me a weakness. At last I felt for the 1\. first time in my life that I was no longer o. mistress of my mind. It was pursuing a e, train of thought as it seemed to me inde a pender t!y of mystl, and I trsmbled lest o this should be the precursaor of insanity. if Tortured thus by the stluggle of a strong d will with an irr. sistible tendency, I shut tt myself in my bedroom, fell upon my knees, is and prayed with intense earnestness, "Oh i it God spare my reason. If it be Thy will that I shall suffer, yet spare mo my reason." I did not undress c, but threw myself on to my bed, and then w the room seemed strangely altered. The s wardrobe and other articles of furniture i- were no longer visible; the light of the iv lamp seemed to merge into that of a dull e, evening, or of fl.ful moonlight. Then e gradually with increasing distinctness a d scene in which dark, thickly growing ahreiba e and gloomy wood, a still, daik piece of n water, overlooked by a large building at some distance, opened before my astonislhed vluson.` Thgn I beoame aware of moving pr forcas lathe phantasm-a boat floated out w oftbe'Undergrow th, and two men lifted B over its aide the body of another man, sp bound Ta'd and foot, and with some m weighty substance attached to it. As they at lifted it and turned it into the sullen lil water the face was towards me-ghasey TI and awful was that face, but it was the face w of Roderick CI'Iutyre. He was not dead- ei there was a look of wild entreaty in his ti staring eyes that seemed bent on me. I How long the vision lasted I cannot tell, he but gradually the boat. the forms of the hi murderers, the dark water, and sombre T wned faded into indistinctness and then It utterly v,,nished. The night light was ai dimly burning-I w.s lying wide awak.. H Wasse no more time-seek out the place I ci have described to you-secure the aid of at the police-search the lake and you will w find his corpse.' a Harley reluctantly acquiesced, and went as I have stated. When he reached that w portion of Galway which my aunt had ji described so vividly that the moment his d eyes fell upon it he was overpowered by a the excess of his emotion, inquiries were I immediately set on foot as to the where- a about of Mr s'Intyre, Mr R--'s agent. No p such person was there, no such person had ri been agent for Mr I---. Harley felt a relieved, and with the detective, who ti accompanied him, went to the spot indi. a cated by my aunt once more. It was the t bank of a little lake, densely wooded to the h margin-a gloomy, sullen- looking piece of w water. Drags were procured, and they c had commenced their search when they r were hailed by some one who had come a downfrom the house, and who asked their tI business. The interlocutor proved to be - the owner of the estate, who, not having y received any communication from his agent a for some time past, had resolved to run the a risk of being shot from behind a hedge or t wall ,or otherwise summarily disposed of, ii and have a look at his property himself. 'It ii was for his agent they were looking,' I replied Harley, ' if his agent's name had y been M'Intyre.' o "No-my agent's name is Johhsbon,' re- t plied Mr R-- e A sudden thought caused Harley to ask a for a description of Mr R----'s agent. He e gave it, but it did not correspond with c Roderick's appearance as Harley remem- a bered him ten years before. There were, t however, reasons which it was unnecessary Is to state why M'Intyre should have adopted g another name, and if Mr R-- had no b objection they would continue their b search. f The landlord assented. They pushed off again a few yards from the bank, where the water looked dark and deep, and re- f commenced dragging. Mr R- stood on i the bank and watched intently. Slowly c along the deep water, out further across a the lake, then in nearer to the bank, o patiently for an hour they tried the depths n for what Harley, in spite of his strong o reason and sound common sense, dreaded 1i theyshould find. ' Let us try the opposite side,' said the e detective. 'That steep bank there is a p Smore likely place. 'Thrown off that a fellow t 'wouldn't have much chance unless he v * could swim like a cork.' C But Harley, with the description of the b dark wood and the darker water before his p mental sight, urged the officer to try a t little longer. Presently the drag caught t %n something-something heavy, but still Ib that yielded. Harley's heart beat rapidly I -the detective's face paled-as they brought up the corpse of a middle-aged man, bound hand and foot, and weighted with a a piece of a small boat's broken anchor. I Harley returned to the house with Mr R--. and the detective. Careful examina tion of the handwriting of Johnson, and minute inquiries regarding his habits and a mode of life, left but little doubt upon "Harley's mind that the agent Johnson p was Roderick M'Intyre ; the face, I 'oo, seemed not unlike allowing for the lapse of ten years, and the waste a of fretting passions. Harley returned to -England, leaving the discovery of the murderers to those whose business it was, I after giving such information as he was able of the visitor.to my aunt on Christ- I mas night. But the tragedy remained an undiscovered murder like so many similar crimes in that unhappy land. Harley reached our house in time to see my aunt 'before she was sunk in the uncon sciousness which preceded her death, and she received his statement with calmness. , Then she committed all her business affairs and myself to his safe keeping, and her trust in this instance was not be t-rayed. There was silence for a few moments at 1 the conclusion of Ormond's story. Fronk 1 suggested an interval of ten minutes for a smoke, to which proposition we all assented. When the ten minutes had expired be gave us the experiences of his friend Arthur Lisle. ' The story I have to tell would not be inappropriately headed (if ever it found its way into print) WALTER MORE'S APPARITION. My next door neighbour was a widow I lady named Lisle, who hal returned from France after the death of her husband, and who bad purchased the pretty house and tastefully laid out grounds known in that partof Surrey as Valladod. She had a 1 son, a young follow about twenty-five, and a daughter seven years younger ; the rest having been left in the heretic quarter of a foreign burial ground. Of all the evidences 1 of.' man's inhumanity to man,' this after I ;death antipathy to those who happen to 1 differ from their fellows about that sub- I :ject moat prolific of disputations, religion, seems to me to be the most senseless. 1 Alice Lisle was abright, blue.eyed, golden. 1 : haired blonde, rather slight and small for .her age.O She was geaerally allowed to be pretty even .by her qwn n rex,'and 'she wqs certainly, a delightful companion. a Between' Arthur Lisle and myself there d sprang up a warm friendship before twelve v months had expired after our introduction, and it was impossible fsr anyone who e liked Arthurgto be indifferent to Alice. s The brother's affection for his yclite sister I was beautiful to behjol, and seemed so exactly to be what was required to make t their home the happiest in thb county that r I oftm wondered with great astonishment how it was that so large a share of life's t blessings had been alloted to the Liales. The mother was' a gentlewoman, which term is I think infinitely more expreosive 1 and comprehensive than that of ' lady.' Her husband had evidently been a man of culture and refinement, as the pictures. statuettes, and other works of art with which Valladod was graced would have assured the most careless of observers. Very pleasant were the evenings I spent with this delightful family, and there was just a little resentment that I could with difficulty 'iepr., i when I found that another had made the discovery of the Lisles' powers of attraction. This other was a young architect and surveyor, who, possessing exceptional ability, had had the rare good fortune to become the favourite adviser and designer of a nobleman in the neighbourhood, whose patronage had already placed him far on the high road to fortune. Walter More was a dark haired, broad foreheadgd, keen-eyed fellow, with an aquiline nose, a firm mouth, erect carriage, and an air of unmistakable resolution in every movement. You felt, almost as soon as you were in his presence, that he was a man who would be successful -if fortune favoured him, while yet a young man; if she frowned, when in the autumn of his days-but successful he was snre to be. To this man of facts and fis uree there was something irresistibly attractive in the brightness, the gaiety, the overflow ing animal spirits, the archness of Alice Lisle ; and she seemed equally drawn to the young surveyor,who was the impersonation of those solid, enduring virtues which are to those of Alice Lisle's temperament essential to their happiness. Arthur Lisle and myself became warmer friends than ever when once the accepted lover had come upon the scene. For a time he seemed somewhat dull and inclined to grudge Walter More the affection that his sister lavished upon her admirer ; but he was too generous and kind-hearted to feel anything but gratification that the sister he idolised had been appreciated by such a splendid fellow as Walter More; and so, as the young architect monopolised Alice and Mrs Lisle, Arthur found his way more frequently to our house., We had so much in common that it was do wonder we were christened' the inseparables' by our friends and acquaintances; and it was probably owing to this intimacy that he imparted to 3 me certain circumstances in his life that otherwise would have remained secrete locked in his own memory. But before relating the extraordinary experience which has been a matter of profound and yet most unsatisfactory thought to me ever since its occurrence, I will endeavour to describe Arthur Lisle. Our new friend, Mr Ormond, reminds me of him-he has the same features- the same peculiarity of expression in the eyes; though heis more sturdily built, and not so t tall. Arthur Lisle was above the medium 1 height, deep- chested,and well proportioned. His face was one that irresistibly attracted women by its mournful, dreamy, pathetic expression. His complexion was a clear olive-his hair dark, wavy, and thrown back from a broad ideal forehead. His eyes were the most striking portion of his countenance, being large, dark, aid soft as Ia woman's. Add to these attractions a I straight though rather long nose, a sen. sitive mouth and oval face, and you have as good a portrait as I am able to give of him. I must add that he always shaved clean, which habit imparted a youthful appear ance, and gave full effect to a smile of singular sweetness. One evening we were at his mother's house, and the convercation turned upon ' Jane Eyre,' which Mrs Lisle stoutly main tained to be a woman's work, while Walter More as vigorously advanced arguments to prove that' Currer Bell' was the ,tons de ' plste of a man. I havn't read it;' said Arthur Lisle. ' Is there anything remarkable about it ? ' ' Oh, yes 1' replied More. 'A blind gen tleman calls to a green-eyed young lady who is many, many miles away from him, and she hears him, answers him, and goec to him. You will allow that to be remark. able.' More laughed lightly and Alice declared that he was such a dreadfully matter of fact fellow that it was only throwing away pearls to place such lovely books as 'Jane Eyre' in his hands. ' I must read "Currer Bell's" work,' said Arthur. ' Such an incident inclines me to the opinion that it is a woman's creation or narrative. Such experiences are not often vouchsafed to men.' 'If you had said "never" instead of "not often" you would have only stated a fact,' observed More. 'It is this weakness for the supernatural that makes women in all ages the pliant tools of the priesthood.' 'Oh! come, More, materialist or what ever you are, I cannot allow that to go un challenged. Neither you nor I can say what latent powers are in this humanity of ours. You may never have had a super natural experience yourself, nor yet been made cognisant of such an experience in the life of another; but for all that you will find such evidence of reliable witnesses as will demonstrate that such things are and have been in all ages of the world.' ' When I have such an experience I will 'believe that such things can be,' replied More. 'At present no evidence of others would convince me. that they were not labouring under a delusion.' At this moment supper was announced, and the conversation was interrupted. A day or two afterwards Arthur Lisle was, with me in a little room which I dignified with the name of laboratory,because iu it I carried on sundry experiments by the successful outcome of which I was to make my fortune. ' What did you think of More's views on the supernatural as enunciated the other evening ? ' he asked. 'To say the truth, I have given but little thought to the subject. I read "Jane Eyre" and was struck by the power displayed in every line of a novel quite out of the beaten track. The boldness of an author who could dare to make his heroine small and plain and his hero strong and ugly quite took my fancy. I was in love with little green-eyed Jane before Rochester.' ' His heroine; you think then that a man wrote " Jane Eyre." I don't. It is a woman's work.' Of course we all know now that Arthur Lisle was right, and that this remarkable book was the first fruits of poor sorrow laden Charlotte Bronte's genius, but at that time the question of sex of the author was as keenly discussed as the book was eagerly read. 'More, continued Arthur, 'sneered at that incident where Rochester groping in his blindness and desolation calls to Jane, but there is nothing to ridicule. I know, by my own personal experience, that the spirit world is much nearer to us than the majority of us are disposed to believe. There is something very awful in these visitations, even when they are not mani festations of the dead. But awful as they are they come to some of us.' ' You don't mean to tell me that you have ever seen a ghost ?' ' I mean to tell you that once in my life I had a distinct and overwhelming intima tion of a terrible event that took place shortly afterwards. If by the word "ghost" you mean the spirit of one of the departed I must say "no;" but if the term may be applied to a phantasm of the living, then I must say "yes."' ' You have roused my curiosity ; will you gratify it?' Arthur mused a moment, folded his arms, and leaned back in his chair. Then fixing his dark eyes upon me he related the incident. 'It was 1848, the year of European re volutions. Wer were residing in Paris, and were devoutly wishing we were back in old England, for the mobs with their eternal cry of "Liberty! Equality! Fraternity !" had hunted English labourers off the railways at the bayonet's point, and made themselves obnoxious to all who were not French. My father was at the time in Vienna, and we were not a little anxious when several days elapsed after the date that he had promised to write to us without the arrival of a letter. Still there was such universal disorder in every department of Government that we could easily find a hundred plausible reasons why we should not have heard from him, and as every day brought rumours and intelligence more or less reliable of fresh outbreaks of despot ridden populaces, we strove to console ourselves with the thought that all was and would be well with him. I had a young friend in Paris, a journalist, of republican proclivities-as brilliant, witty, vivaoious, brave, and reckless a fellow as ever waved the tricolour, on a barricade or shouted "Vive le Roi,' when the reo s publican pike pierced him. He was lying at the house of a friend helpless and suffering, having been severely wounded in a street encounter in the early stages of the revolution. We all liked Trimoille, though we could not sympathise with his red cap associates i and so directly I heard of his misfortune I hurried to, his friend's house to see him. Nothing but death can quench the vivacity of a Frenchman. Lying there pale and thin from the loss of blood, his eyes sparkled and his lips smiled as he extended his hands and grasped mine. ' Good Prince Arthurl'" he exclaimed. It was a habit of his to call me Prince Arthur, on account of a resemblance real or fancied to a royal personage. *'Good ! Who will now dare to tell me of my cold. blooded English friend being: afraid to visit me, reprobate republican as I am ?" 'Oh ! Confound polities,' I said' with something like vexation. ''A pretty pass they have brought you' to.. How are yr ouP' ' Miserably weak, 'he answered,. 'And wild, my friend, wild.. There is so much to be done and here am I doing nothing.' ' There are plenty to do all the mischief I that can be done without your assistance, f Louis.' ' Ah ! you think so: Sit' down now and tell me all that has taken place and how we stand. These pestilent docters won't i let me look at a paper, hears report, or write a line.' I sat down as he dasired, and told him as much as f could remember of the events that had happened during the days that he had been lying there after being picked up as dead; and so the evening came to a close, and the stillness of' night settled' 1 down upon the house, 'I must get' away at' odce, Louis ;,my mother and sister will be anxious.' ' Mother and sisteranxious-why ? They are not alone ?' ' Yes ; my father went to Vienna a fort night ago.' ' Go, then, and go quickly. II am a selV fish brute to keep you here; but I did not' I know, did IP' 'Of course not,. old fellow. Good bye; l and take care of yourself." Lucky for you' the royal party haven't'a Blastile to 'nurse you in.' ' Begone l'begone ' cried Louis, laugh ing, 'perfidious Englishman, begone!' I ran down the stairs and ihurried along. the eteet, 'silenbs?'vre '6r- the tramps oF' citizen 'soldiers, who questioned me but seemed disposed- not to interrupt my hasty journey home. When I reached the house I found that my mother and sister had re tired for the night, and I had the sitting room to myself. I dropped into a chair, and turned up the lamp that I might the better see to read the correspondence which was lying on the table in front of me. There were several letters, but not one from my father among them. I glanced at the letters, threw them aside, and leaned back in my chair. I began to feel very anxious. Allowing for the dis organization of postal arrangements there swere other means of communicating with us, and my father had never been known to break a promise in his life. Just as imagination was busy with pos sible scenes or danger in which he suight be a victim, the door was opened and he came in. I sprang up, and with the words ' Why, father, I was just getting auxious about you,' stepped two or three paces forward to meet him and stretched out my hand to grasp his. To my horror I grasped nothing i The Iphantom hand ,was extended and a yearning anxious look was in the phantom eyes, but while my heart seemed to stop its beat, and great drops of pres. piration stood upon my forehead, the apparition had vanished. I passed my hand across my face, I wiped the moisture from my forehead, I pressed my eyes, to assure myself that I was not labouring under some strange hallucination ; but the im pression remained exactly the same, that I had seen my father, and seen himfor the last time. I gathered up my papers, went to my own chamber, and tossed about in misery until morning, My haggard face and listless movements caused my mother much anxiety, but no effort on my pact could conceal the wear of the terrible fore boding that possessed me. Days, weeks, a month went by, and then came the blow. I received a summons from Louis Trimoille to go to him at once. I went; he was convalescent, sitting up, and though still thih and pale, looked much better than when I had last seen him. But there was a cloud upon his bright, care less, laughter-loving face. He did not speak for a moment after I had entered, but held my hand and. looked wtfully into my face. 'You have not heard,' he said. My heart thumped violently; I felt my self grow pale. ' No,' I answered, ' what is it Louis ?' ' Your father, Arthur. Karl Haeffaele was here last night; he brought news from Vienna. There has beep fighting, and how it happened I don't know, but thiy body of an Englishman named Lisle wal found in the street, and identified by someone who knew him at the Embassy.' I needed no confirmation. Something within me assured me that when the \- phantasm appeared to me on the night of my visit to Louis Trimoille I should never see my father again alive. s Arthur's face was sad, and his spirits I dejected by these reminiscences, but, as t the day wore on, he recoedred his usual equanimity, and we or at anyrate I forgot the strange and mournful story. Time, re e sietless and remorseless, hurried on. Arthur was working hard in his chambers, WalterMore was superitending the repairs and restoration of an old Tudor mansion that belonged tol his patron. Alice had grown and developed into a very charming r and lovable woman, and her marriage with Walter More was to take place in May. Mrs Lisle would fain have deferred the wedding until Alice was twenty-one; hlut More pleaded that he had waited patiently for two long years. and that as his profes sional duties would as soon as his present task was finished take him out of the kingdom for several years, it would be cruel to Alice and himself to compel them to wait until his return. There was no denying the force of his argument, and preparations were made for the wedding, i ' don't think a better match could be found for Alice.' observed Arthur-to me as we walked along a hilly road one plea sant day in spring time about a week be fore the marriage day. 'I don't think that'any better combination of balancing qualities could be fbund. More than this, she loves him with almost idolatrousne ferrour ; he visibly eoft~ais and becom~ another man when with her ;: so all seems well. And yet,' he added as he came to a standstill and looked thoughtfully and with a troubled expression at me,.' and yet I wish it were never to be.' 'Why ? Have you any misgivings?. Do you doubt him in any way ?" ' No, I do not doubt him'; but r doubt, very much doubt,. if this wedding will ever take place.' 'Arthur!: What do'you mean P' 1 Sit down and I' will tell you. That is right. Here we can observe instead of being observed. I told you what I have told no one else but my mgher ;.of that phantasm of the living that appeared to me before my father's death. Not once but several times la'elyjhas, a'sudden and over. t whelmning dread taken possession of me, I and that'strange to say when I have been 1 with More. Last evening this indefinable 1 horror that'possessed me assumed the shape of a vision which I can only' pray may prove to be the baseless fabric that visions usually are;:but'I saw Walter More dead, dead inethe pride of his ma. ool aud the hour of his greatest happiness.'" ' Arthur ! you shock me! :Ca this be a merciful premonition that may nablo you to save hinm?' ' ' avoe him from wh'at? T?'st' is the question.. The premsonition 'as plain enough, and p-inful enough. God forbid that it 'should be repeated. When Girst I was affected itvans as- if I' had been held down,, immovable,, and an intolerable weight piled uipon me.. I thought at first that ib might be some physical derange ment caused by over study and so went to , aendical mano Nothingwaswrong- heart, lungs, liver, all healthy and sip to their work. When again the dread of impending evil took possession of me I left myi chambers and hurried to the theatre.PIl might as well have shut myself in a 'ault. I wasn quite incapable of understanding, much lees appreciating. the performanoe. The weight seemed to benumb my facul. ties. Itpassed away, and I slept soundly enough and awoke as well as ever I was in my life; and I really began to be angry with myself for allowing myself to be in fluenced in this mysterious way. But last night the apprehension crept over me again. it became intolerable, I cried out in my agony. arnd then there passed before my wind's e.~ the dread appearance of Moro-nr' Mloro resolute, hopeful, con quering, aud to conquer, but More dead, with white face and bloodstained brow and dust covered clothes. Yes, the warning "as plain enough, but how can I convey the, faintest idea of these overpowering apprehensions to him? If I tell him the whole he will listen politely, and then privately communicate to Dr. Portman his impreesson that my mind is slightly or perhaps seriously affected. You know how intolerable the emotional is to him.' ' Yes, but the emotional has nothing to do with this phenomenon. Here is evi dently some latent power of the human mind asserting itself. It may be a power possessed in common, or it may be the gift of a few; but it is a matter for scientiflo research, and should therefore command itself to the serious attention of such a man as Walter More.' ' I cannot think that it is as you say, "some latent power of the human mind;" rather, it seems to me, is it some unrecog. nised and unrecognisable power acting on the human inind. But it is waste of time to theorise. What can I do ?' ' It seems to me-nothing. If it was a foreshadowing of an event that is to take place, nothing you can do can prevent it if it was only a disordered fancy resulting from some inscrutable mental disease, the terrible event will remain a thing ;ot imagination.' 'True,' said Arthur thoughtfully, ae'he rose up and v4 resumed our walk. Prpi sently we came in sight of Valladod lying pleasantly in the valley, its white wall shining in the bright sunlight, andifte shrubberyand garden glowingwithbrilliant flowers and vivid greens. At this part $f the road there was a bridge, and a cuttifi in the hillside approaching it, I observeq Arthur halt a moment and look ayound bim i with an anxious expression of coumtenance, r but he said nothing and in another qsartgi of an hour we were chatting cheerfuill with Mrs Lisle and Alice. 'Well,' said Arthur, 'have you settlet where this delightful illusion is to Mb dispelled?' . . SIllusion I ' replied Alice, . what illusion ? 'l, 'The abturd idea that posseiseMiss Lisle and Mr More that there never, ne 3 never, was in this world such a woman of a such a man.' SSpare your sarcasms, envious brother, said Alice laughing. ' We are far too sensible a couple to believe that we art anything better than or different from others. If your question referred to' ou honeymoon I may tell you that Waltes thinks a trip across the Channel wouldbe the best way of wasting a month. There are some architectural gems which, he i would like to inspect.' ' Horrid barbarian! ' I said laughing. 3 'Arthur,what do you think of your brother. t in-law that is to be studying poems in Ssatone instead of the "joy for ever'" at his side ? ' Arthur made a grimace, and muttered 3 something about pearls before swine. e Alice sprang from her seat and tappedhis I ears with her little soft hand. d 0 'How dare you make such allusibns; I Eh? You great, graceful, handsome, usee less creature; you are only made to be 3 looked at,. but Walter will make his 3 mark in the history of the 19th century.' Arthur caught her in his sinewy arms and kissed her; returning as he averred good for evil. Then he opened the piano. and insisted on Alice giving us some music. She had a sweet clear soprano voice, and 3 played sufficiently well to afford us a great e deal of pleasure; and so the evening I passed as many others had slipped away" i and we parted without a cloud on the broo or a sorrowful thought in the heart of ao 1 least two of that little circle. Whethe, Arthur's gaiety was assumed and covered 3 any such apprehension as had but lately oppressed him, I know not; but he came with me to the road and bade me good I night cheerfully. The wedding day arrived, and never wa? there promise yet of a more joyful day2 Fleecy cloudlets floated across a deep blue sky-the sun shone brilliantly-the flowers and the foliage, the sweet scents and the t soft warm west wind; the freshness, th e brightness, the beauty of nature, anima I and inanimate, made up a picture that wi never utterly fade from my recollection, Walter More looked at his best, and Alice seemed to me indescribably lovely. The words were uttered which made them man and wife-the breakfast was e over-the carriage with a pair of glossy h bays was at the gates. Walter handed in his- bride; the horses started at a smart trot. We watched them until a turn of the road hid them for a few moments, but continued our watch for we knew that they would be visible as- they wound round the bill a through the cutting on which we had sat and looked down at Valladod a week be fore. At this moment the steam of a ~pco [ motive was visible as a train swept sulder I the' bridge. In another moment the carriage came into sight, and our htesat stood still with horror as we saw that the. \- horses had taken fright-that they d ed. madly'rolind the curve, and shatte oie, ,vehicle against the copid. ' The coachman was hurt but not 'seriously. Alice escaped with a few s< ,bruises and' a shock which made her an Is snvaUld for years; but Walter More was E carried in, covered with dust, with whits ti face and crimson-stained brow-a corpse, just as Arthur Lisle had seen him in the Y apparition. * 'This is getting too lugubrious alto gether,' said Hugh Maclaren. 'It is my turn now, and I have nothing better to tell. you than an old, old story of f WOMAN'S TRUTH AND MAN'S b DEVOTION Triumphing over duplicity and heart leseness, and receiving that reward os this side of the grave which. alas ! it treouently has to wait for until the grim ferrymal' has paddled hero and heroine over the Styx. One Christmas Eve, in what year I will ;not say, two young men sat at the fireside of an old village inn in a western county tf .;England. The snow was lying thickly ou thatched roof, ou projecting beam that supported the sign-board, on yew and chestnut trees at the rear, on the level land between the village and the hills dis tant about half a mile. The sky was a dull, leaden grey colour, and the air which found its way into the parlour of The Drovers through sundry crevices that old Time had succeeded in making in the ancient walls was keen enough to render the roaring fire a necessity. If comfort were the thing eought for by these two young men, they appeared to have failed in their quest ; for tne countenance of one of them was overcast, if not sullen; and the. face of the other indicated that st present his thoughts were not of pleasant subjects. He tapped his boot with his riding whip, pushed the fire together with b the heavy poker, sipped his tumbler of punch: kicked the fender and gave sundry other evidences of impatience and dissatis faction. ' At length his sullen companion observed these symptoms of restlessneses, and looked up at him with a smile that wonderfully altered and improved his face. ' What is it, Ralph P' he asked in a quiet musical voice. ' What is it ?' exclaimed his companion, " Why, that you have been roasting your face and blinding yourself staring into tsh Sfire' for twenty minutes past, as if that would help us to a solution of the problem.' 'I was thinking, Ralph ; thinking whether it might not be true that in this distorted and distracting world, the right has to go down and be ridden over by the wrong.' ' Of course it is true if the right allows it, but I maintain that the right shouldn't do anything of the sort. We are made of such different materials, you and I, that I don't expect you to agree with me, but 'I tell you plainly when I have to fight the 'devil I'll fight him with his own weapons. If he deceives, I'll try to deceive more cleverly; if he comes boldly at me I'll . break a lance with him. As to returning good for evil-turning the left cheek whet you are smitten on the right-giving the coat when a fellow has already taken your cloak-it may have done in those far off days of which we have been told so many extraordinary things in our childhood, but it certainly won't do now.' And Ralph Dunstan .emphasized the ' now' with a stamp of his foot. ' You don't believe in good being 'more . powerful than evil, thlen ?' ' I am not going so far as that Alf. God is.good and the devil is evil, therefore good [is stronger than evil.' S'Very well then, sooner or later,'it may be afar off, but sooner or later, the just shall have the victory.' 'If you are content to wait for that desirable consummation I have no quarrel with-you. I can only say that I must have something a little more tangible than this ' pochryphal victory in the possible future. You are twenty-eight, you have worked hard, lived hard, done more for your unworthy relative than any other man in the United Kingdom would have done for him. The old fool.' S Gently, Ralph.' ' What else can I call him ? If a man's actions are intolerable folly what is he but afool? He marries at an age when he ought to be contemplating his grave a woman young enough to be his daughter beautiful, some people would call her, and wicked as Cleopatra. She poisons his mind against you-wriggles and twists and fascinates until she works you out of the position you have toiled so ,any years to achieve-and supplants you with a relative of her own. This worthy nephew of an artful and vindictive woman either plans or carries out the conception of his precious aunt, and robs you of that which leaves you poor indeed-your good name. This not being quite enough they fill up their cup of iniquity by estranging the woman you loved by, I suppose, wholesale lying and slandering. And things having reached this crisis what do you purpose doing? Beating a shameful retreat and stepping down to Bristol there to take ship for another and, it is to be hoped, a better land.' Y:: ou are forcible, Ralph, but not quite just. I don't think because I bend to the storm of adversity that I can fairly be accused of beating a shameful retreat.' , ' Alf, old fellow, you are the best man I SJ :a ever came in contact with during my thirty years of life, and if I could be unjust to ; . .you I should be a savage; but to bend to :oik :oliumstancea is not the way to conquer Sthem.' -,:!, b ?'.What does the poet sayI' '"To bear ir to conquer our fs4."' !'.tan'b that it Pf '' . ."'.. ' Hang the poet. aten nowadays have something bettor to do'than listen to fel lows who spend their days making plain Eoglisa intricate, and hiding a train ot truth in a bushel of esatf. Will you give up this senseless emigrating scheme of yours until I have seen Caroline P' Alfred Faucet paused betore he replied. His frank, open, Saxon face wore a troubled expression. It was evident that a great struggle was going on in his mind. Ralph watched the evidence of emotion in his friend keenly. I should rot have doubted if she had been accused.' 'Of course you wouldn't! If doubting had been one of your characteristics you would not have been the victim of that Jezebel. As for the conduct of Caroline it seems unworthy of her; of her whose name signifies "noble spirited." But if we judge her by what evidence you have we may be doing her as intolerable an injustice as your uncle has done you. No, Alf., I don't believe all that is written by your friends, the poets, about the self- sacrificing, eoif-for4etting, love-absorbed nature of women, but I do believe that when a woman really and spontaneously loves a man he can rel) upon her, he can put her love to the severest tests, he may be a scoundrel and utterly unworthy of her affrction, but she will stick to him through th:ck and thin.' SAy, Ralph, true enough; but that is the qu-ation. Did she lose me truly and "sp)O taeously" as you express it P' 1 y good fellow, that is for you to say, T don't know whether you exercise your undouh'ed powers of fascin..tion; whether you ri.fUd your gorgeous plumage and ,anu so ravishingly thte tie wee br,wn birdie yielded booauso she could not help nerself. But if my observation was not sadly at fault she showed that she loved you. and the evidence was conclusive to me because she took such nain, to bile it that others were quite in the dark about it.' 'The organs of perception and observa. t'on are strongly developed in your brain, so I will trust to the correctness of your judgment. You are a good fellow, oTslpb; and if I am unlucky in all other affairs I must conduct myself fortunate in having secured a friend.' 'Very grod. Then I am t) interview lfademoiselle Neville. I suspect that tht she wi;l deemu me an impertinent bnsybody.but that won't trouble min. If I, succeed in keeping you in a oavihz:d country and in defcat.ngonly part elthat infernal woman' scheme I. sh-I, r?kon myself the luckiest fellow tlice.' 'Ralph, I don't knew why you should take so much trouble on my behalf. Upon my soul I don't think I'm worthy of it.' 'Don't you, mnow ? Well I have few plea sures and one of them is to play the bene factor.' ' You have a better reason than that,but I can't think what it can be.' As Alfred Faucet uttered these words slowly, and looked thoughtfully at the fire, Ralph's face broke into a smile. 'You have a bad memory Alf.,' he said, shortly, and then picking up his riding whip added the words,' Goodbye. I shall find you hero when I return of course.' ' Yes, I will wait, but don't be later than nine to-morrow. The boat goes down at 10 a.m.' ' Ralph's horse was brought round, and he was quickly in the saddle. He strucle across the level land that has been des cribed as lying between the village and the range of hills, and slowly ascended the steepest of them tootho top of toe moors which stretched far away inito misty indis tinctness. He continued his ride for some miles until he reached a quaint little vil lage, where, having seen that his horse was comfortably stabled at the Primitive Inn, and pastaken of a little and very necessary refreshment, he hurried on, on foot to the rectory; a house of somewhat imposing appearance when compared with the rest of the village buildings, but a modest mansion nevertheless. His knock brought a red lipped, rosy cheeked little maiden to the door, of whom he inquired if Miss Neville were at home. The reply being in the allirmative, he handed in his card, adding the words, 'fell Miss Neville that I should feel it a great favour if she will talk with me a f w moments.' The maid departed, repeating his words to herself as she 'an upstairs to Caroline Neville's room. The mistress took the card, and received the message with a look of curiosity, but whether pleased or other wise Susan was doubtful. 'Show the gentleman into the parlour, and tell him I will be down directly.' This was an auspicious commencement, and Ralph felt his confidence increasing. , He had scarcely settled himself in an old fashioned but extremely comfortable arm chair when Caroline entered the room. r She was a plump little woman, rather under than over the medium height, with a general appearance of good health and condition about her. The face was round, the throat round, the. waist ro?nd, and quite small enough for . pymmetry. .Her hair was a light brown, drawn back from a white, broad, and not lofty forehead, a pair of bright and kindly brown eyes, a no~e of no particular typo, and a mouth of medium size, with full red lips, made up the good-looking English girl, who has been the theme of novelists and poets ever since old England settled down to the pro duction of brave men and fair women. Ralph Dunstan, being a genuine English man, honest, brave, and blunt, wasted no time in preliminaries, but dashed into tho business that had brought him there at once. 4!;'iss Neville, I am comparatively a stranger to you; in fact I can't flutter my. self that you remembered my name when youu saw it on my card. But when I tell you thatI am the only friend Alfred Faucet has left-that but for me he would by this hour be in Bristol on his way to Australia -and that only because I knew by bitter experience that irreparable mischief is often wrought througn false delicacy, and the unwillingness to speak out which is characteristic of some people, notably my friend Faucet, you will, I hope, give me a patienthearing.' ' Ir Dunstan, I honour manlihness and sincerity whenever and wherever I minet with it. You are evidently sincere in the idterest you take in lir Faucet, and you 'haeo' the manliness to speak up for a man whb has I fear forfeited al elaiis upon his friends' forbearance. So far you have my respect; but if you have come here as a special pleader to ondeavour to gloss over or explain away such circum. stances ae doubtless you are scquainted with even beter thban Iam, you have come on a-well. as unwise errand.' lalph Duustan's face gcrew dark with suppressed passion. 'Miss Neville,' he said, and rose from his seat as he spoke, ' Alfred Faucet is a in so far above me in principle and in action, so incapable of baseness, so in :orruptible 'in his rigid integrity, that for you to talk of my gloss ing over or explaining away any cireum Stances in which his name has suffered through wicked misrepresentation. is to attribute to ma ability which I don't possess, and which would be quite super. fluously exercised if I did. I am very sorry to hear you speak thus of my friend, because it shows me that the poison of the slanderer has tak'cn effect in a quarter to which of all others he might have turned for consolation.' P nerewas a perceptible heightening of the colour in Miss Neville's cheeks as she noted the vehemence of Ralph's vindication, but her browsa were knitted and there was a little acerbity in her tone as she asked, 'You will, I feel sure, tell me the truth; did Alfred Faucet send you here ?' 'No indeed I' replied Ralph with scorn ful intonation. 'I came (having with some difficulty obtained his reluctant consent) because I am loth to lose the only male friend I have in the world-the only man who is worthy of the name that I know. Esteeming him and loving him as a brother, it grieves me tMiat he should by vile machinations be driven from home and I country and all that makes life worth living. So in scorn of conventionalities, which I thoroughly despise, I resolved to come to you, because great as have been his wrongs and cruel the disappointmentsof his reasonable hopes, he would turn and I face his foes, and if beatensptill keep his face to them, if only the woman he loved remained true to him.' ' You plead his cause eloquently,' said Miss Neville ; 'but the subject is one that can scarcely be discussed betseen the woman you allude to and a strange gentleman.' 'Pardon me, Miss Neville, that I cannot e assent to your proposition. If it were the case of any other man but Alfred Faucet, y and any other woman than Qaroline Neville, I should certainly hesitate to nact t as mediator; and that hesitation would h very likely destroy the hope that good and a right-loving people might entertain of the s triumph of right over wrong. But in the d present case I dare not hesitate-I must e do all that lies in my power e to save my friend. If stung by ingratitude d on the part of his relative, and maddened a by intolerable perfidylon the part of others, r he leaves England and goes beyond the seas he is lost to me and to you for ever. I Is know what effect revulsion of feeling is .e producing in a singularly transparent e nature. He who has hitherto been con k fiding to a fault will become suspicions; he r- who has hitherto believedin human good ness will regard all men, and, what is r, worse, all women as false, venal, and cruel. Miss Neville, I don't want to see a t, fine nature go to destruction. The sharpest thrust, the keenest sting that I- poor Alf has smarted under was the inti L- mation that you had ceased to'believe in s. him: r Tears were in Caroline's eyes as she an h swered impetuously' And do you not think d that the smart was equally severe when I 1, discovered that y thte u dl ' The man you loved was unworthy. Is r It I !hat N you would have said r Tell me that it is, for that would lift a great gi weight off my mind.' PIE ' How eo? ha Because the doubt whether you ever loved him is keener pain than the thought that you are estranged.' Bn 'Tnere is no pain I should think could be so keen as the discovery of his unworthl- gii neoss was to me.' en ' Ah ! Miss Neville, I predict a happy wl future for my friend and you. In the sli meantime promise me to suspend your va judgment of Alfred Faucet's conduct until let I communicate with you again. It is not th much to ask, and I am pleading for my I only friend, pleading with the woman be- Ft loved devotedly if ever man loved woman., 'I make the promise freely, Mr Dunstan. wi If you can lift this heavy grief from my th soul I shall be the happiest woman in Eng- ts land. I cannot feel that it is better to have a loved and lost as I have lost Alfred-it lu seems to me that it would have been th better never ti have loved at all.' se 'I agree with you. Miss Neville. Better never to have an idol than see that idol di shattered and rolled in the dust. But you I w know what the Book your father reads w from night and morning says. " He shall gi make thy righteousness clear as the as light." ti ' Yes ; but that Book says also " Keep oi yourselt from idols." ' Farewell.. We won't call him an idol b -it is very. foolish to make idols. We will ws call him what he is-a good, honest, clever d fellow, who is being tried very severely to ci prove the sterling stuff he is made of. But tl it is unfair and worse, inhuman, to con- k demn a fellow on the evidence of those a who are deeply interested in misrepresent- a ing all thais he does.' ti ' Why should they be deeply interested?' d ' Miss NevillC, I?pm only a man of plain r underta nding. I don't profess to have a very clear insight into human motives, or a an exceptional perception of the workings h of thy Lumau mind. But one thing ex- r perience has taught me-that the most y vindictive, unscrupulous, cruel creature in s this wsrld is a slighted woman.' t SA slighted woman ?' SYes, a woman who has been foolish c enough to let a man know that she loved him, and who has been taught the painful p lesson that love cannot be made to order. t Many waters cannot quench love neither s can fi ols drown it; but at the same time I it cann, t be kindles at will even when such inflammable things as beauty, wit, and I I gaiety are used for the purpose.' Caroline Nev lie looked puzzled. Then t she frowned and said, ' Mr Dunstan, you I don't mean mean to tell me that Laura--' Here she came to a full stop. Ralph a waited a minute before he helped her. I 'Yes, I do mean to tell you that Laura Renfrew loved Alfred Faucet; that when t she found she was nothing to him she married his unole, a man quite old enough to be her father, or her grandfather for that matter. From ths hour that she stopped across the threshold of Mr Ren frew's house she has had one paramount object in view, the ruin of the man she hates as madly now as she loved him I formerly. She has succeeded with his relative, having effectually poisoned his mind against Faucet. She has filled i Faucet's place with a fellow who is known to be a blackguard, and this foul charge of embezzlement is the joint production of her perverted talent and her nephew's rascality.. That appearances are against Alfred must be acknowledged. His pecu liarly open, unsuspicious nature rendered him an easy prey to such artful enemies, the more so that lie was utterly unconscious e of the enm ty and still more of the cause ;) until it iras too late, and he was completely e entangled in their toils.' n 'Oh i if I have misjudged himl IIow wretched I am ! But Mr Dunstan, believe r, me, the proofs of his perfidy were over e whelming, I tried to doubt them but could d not.' h 'Of his perfidy, did you say? Alfred Faucet per filious ?' o ' If the coupling of that word with his n name is so extraordinary to you, you can if at least believe that it was infinitely pain ( ful to me. But 1 have seen his letters to is the unhappy girl he has deluded, I have d seen once-and only once was enough-the girl for whose smiles and blandishments he d bartered his manhood and his honour. Lt Can you wonder that I thrust him ic out of my heart? Should I have o been a true woman if I had not stamped out my love for him ?' t And Caroline Neville stamped on the dingy ie carpet as if the prostrate god were striving t, to get on to his feet again, and she were ie determined not to let him. at 'I do nol wonder, Miss Neville, that you Id should be intensely angry and unboun id dedly ind gnant at anything base and dis le honest, but I do wonder that women in te general are so illogical, and that you are it not superior to the weakness. Here is a or man who for many years of severe pro le bation establishes a character for staunch cd integrity, who is in fact sans per et sans :s, reproche, and who is singularly free from he the follies that are usually excused in I youth. le achieves a good position, he is is loved and respected by all who have nt during that long probation been cognisant n- of his many virtues. Suddenly, certain he charges are made which, if substantiated, d- would go far to prove that this man was a is living lie; that he had all those years been ad a skilful deceiver and an unmitigated ia scoundrel. Now, I ask you, which is the he more probable-that Alfred Faucet is a at hypocrite and a scoundrel-of ten years' ti- standing, or that the charges against him in are false and won't bear cool and impartial investigation ?' n. 'The letter of course, but, oh! Mr ik Dunstan, I saw and read the letters I How I can I doubt the evidenoe of my ownq sensees .. Is You saw and read certainletters, which girl by Alfred Faucnoet. Now in the first place who placed those letters in your hand P' 'Mrs Renfrewf - A triumphant smile broru all over Ralph's face at this admission. ' Inthe light of the information 1 ha',2 given you as to the cause of iNr Renfrew's emmity, this action on her part confirms what I said about the malcvoleclae f a slighted woman, and would dimicih the value of such evidence to all bae strnh lessness. However, what proof have you that these letters are to a " deluded girl:" I presume you are satisfied they are in Fancet's handwriting.' ' Yes, they are in his handwriting. He will not deny it if shown to him, That they are addressed to a woman and con. tain professions of attachment is of course a fact, though I ought not to say a " de luded girl"becausel am at present quite in the dark as to whom he was deluding, my self or her.' Ralph looked pleased. ' She is not in different to him,' he thought, ' or she would not be so angry that she has written to another. But in the name of goodness who is this other.' Aloud he said' I have not been Alfred Fance'.'s in timate friend for ten years and more with I out knowing what manner of man he is. Such conduct as you impute to him would be revolting to him; and I will ch. erfully i wager my patrimony that this corroepon dence which seemed so damaging t, his character is susceptible of an explanation that will eatify anyone desirous only of knowing the truth. So again I say fare well, Miss Neville, and when we meet again you shall find me armed with such triumphant vindication of my friend's con duct and character as shall cause you to i regret your precipitancy.' a 'I hope so; oh ! Mr Dunston; if the r assurance that he is what I once thought s he was could only be mine again. I could resign him, I think I could at least, and t yet be happy in the knowledge that such a a man once loved me.' And having uttered these words, a sob cut short her speech. Sheshook Ralph's hand and retreated to her a own chamber. d Rslph got back to the inn in time for a 11 good supper, and then emokeda good cigar to aid his cogitations. After a sound night's r slumber, he did justice to a substantial o breakfast, had his horse brought round, h and cantered back to Porlock. Alfred d Faucet was anxioudly watching at ihe window of ' The Drovers' for him. Ralph n threw him elf off his horse and strode into u the parluiir. .I'm so glad you have come. The boat h man was a little out in his time. Wind or r. tide or something that has to do with boat a craft is favourable just now, and he wants n to start.' e ' All right,' said Ralph. ' Tel him he h can go whenever the wind or tide or what .r ever it is suits him; but you are not e going. I- 'Ralph !' it ' Alfred l' is ' What do you mean? Tell me quitkly, m there's a good fellow.' is ' I mean that you are an ungrateful dog, is and a sly dcg to' boot, for keeping me in d the dark about this other girl of yours. in But before we go into the matter tell your of boatman that. you won't go until next of tide.' "s Alf went with a sorely perplexed air. st When he returned Ralph had thrown off u- his overcoat, removed his leggings, and od ordered a couple of tumblers of punch fa, which were steaming on the table. Alfred us know by these signs that whatever inten.' se tions Ralph might have, leaving Porlock ly that day was not one of them. ' Now, Mr Faucet, sit you down, and make a clean hw breast of it. Who is or was your fair corres re poudent P Why in the name of all that is r. lovely and of good report, did you profess Id to love Caroline Neville, while you were professing to love some one else ?' ed Alfred Faucet blushed like a young girl. ' I hardly understand you, Ralph. I was, lis and what is worse am, in love with an Caroline ; I don't see how anyone could be n- thrown as much in her way as I was to without falling in love with her. Of ve course I wrote this. You know I couldn't he speak it. I could have laid my head on the he guillotine, or 'tood up blindfolded to be Ir. shot, but I couldn't iell Caroline what I im thought about her. So I wrote. rhat is ve all.' ad 'Oh! my candid friend, but unfor ?' tunately for you and exasperatingly for gy me, that is not all. Miss Neville has had ng placed in her handa letters in which you reo have declared the same thing to another young lady; and she is, that is Mies ou Neville, naturally desirious of ascertain in- ing which of the young ladies is- herself or this or.her--has the happiness to in hold you captive.' ore ' If I did not know that you are my only ia friend, lRalph, I should be angry. I never ro- wrote and professed lore to any other girl, Ich unless it was poor little Josephine that you ens are alluding to.' om ' And who pray is poor little Josephine P' in ' Didn't I over tell you? Oh, no, of is course I didn't. You never met with my rve stepmother. She was French, a gay, ratt tnt ling, shallow, showy woman; always in sin debt and difficulties, and dunning every ed, body that she thought she could get any a thing out of. She had a daughter by her ;en first marriage, and poor little Joey was bed brought up to regard the stage as her only the means of getting a livelihood. I like the a theatre, but there's no denying the truth irs' of the proverb "It's hard to touch pitch tim and not be defiled," and on Joey and her ;al mother the stage had a bad effect, through the low standard of morality that is Mr thought good enought for actresses. ow Josephine was very fond of me in her way. wna She looked upon me as a grim old brother who always was good for pin money and lh advice gratis; and who .? a sortoflegtal bet promtector when her flirtations and foole, "laudedher in dilemmas. She was a bright- we eyed brunette, full of vivacity, and clever. obs I often wrote to her in reply to little sus hysterical notes which she scribbled to me the on the least provocation, and in my letters 'fur Iposed as the loving elder brother who not had the happiness of his little Joey very for much at heart. I suppose someone has hes got hold of a letter or letters of mine to aft her. Nothing could be eabier, for she car would leave them about wherever she re- hat celved or read them.' in ' Very good, Alfred Faucet. If the other abe iniquities of which your enemies accuse ret you can be as easily explained away, the cot United Kingdom will retain your invalu. she able services for some time to come.' SI don't think so, Ralph. While you no were away yesterday the coach broughtme thi a letter from Staple and Co., containing an dei offer which I have accepted to go to thi Adelaide on their behalf. The engagement po: is for three years, and if we are mutually satisfied, it will be renewed. But under sol any circumstances I have bound myself for gr three years. By that time, I daresay, I ex shall be homesick again.' he Ralph looked anything but pleased. rol ' Three years,' he muttered. ' Yes, you'll foi be homesick enough by that time,and love sick unto death.' no ' And was it Mrs Renfrew that poisoned CasJry's mind-gave her those letters and do all the rest of it?' oli ' Yes; the conspirators managed matters very cleverly. They contrived to give C. fo N. a sight of her supposed rival, and that, It imagine, under circumstances that were th particularly galling to Miss Neville's self- I esteem.' ' Oh, yes; on the stage you may be sure. M What could be more galling than for a le girl like Carry, the rector's daughter, to as have pointed out to her a pretty, painted ke creature who was entertaining the gallery, as her rival?' w 'You have said it. Well, after the R letters came the sight of Miss Joey, the tl object of your attachment; and these items ti added to your loss of position at your g uncle's, and the vile whispers so cleverly circulated about pecuniary difficulties, were tl enough, you must allow, to shake the faith c of a woman, though they have not ex. B tinguished her love.' b ' Not extinguished it I' ft 'No, old fellow. Carry Neville loves you a as deeply as ever she did, and quite as I much as you deserve, Take my word for a, it. I don't like this Adelaide arrangement, but as it is only for a certain time, perhaps k it is a wise thing to go and leave Mrs Ren- t' frew to reach the end of her tether. As I for her nephew, this accession to prosperity a is merely smoothing his road to destruction ii -if he is not hanged before the three b years expire, he will certainly kill n himself: b ' I. should have liked a few words with v Carry before I went away, but old Mr Neville is so prejudiced against me that I I should be exposing myself to insult, and t that would be more than I could bear. a So I will leave you to say for me what I a would have said myself had I been allowed the opportunity.' ' I thought you averred a few minutes ago that the guillotine or half-a-dozen I bullets would be preferable in your estim- e ation to speaking.' ' Oh yes; so I did, and so it would at the time; but I have gathered courage since I then, and Carry is such a good, kind little i woman, that you cease to fear her when i once you know her disposition.' 'Write to her, Alf; there is, I daresay, I such a thing as a sheet of foolscap in the I house. Pour out your heart to her, old boy; and I will put that little matter of I Josephine to rights.' "Alf Faucet procured a sheet of paper and retired to his own room for an hour. Ralph : smoked and whistled until his return. The boatman knocked at the door-' Tide right, I sir-start in half an hour.' ' Good-bye, old fellow ; good-bye I The best, staunchest, warmest friend that ever man had. Good-bye I I'll write directly I land; I'll- ' ' Go on, old man, and prosper,' replied Ralph, and the next minute Alf's face was turned from him as he took his seat at the stern of the boat and the friends were separated-who should say when to meet again P? The experiments which Mr Ralph Dunstan subsequently carried on to a suc cessful termination took him frequently to the house of a chemist and druggist, who had made the invention of a new explosive, the one object of his life, after having acquired a respectable competency. The two experimentalists were closed for hours after rational people had gone to bed, generally commencing their investiga tions when the evening hour brought the comparative stillness which many men find indispensable to profound study. The shop was a large one, and at the rear of it was a little room, where the co-inventors confabulated before retiring to the isolated building at the end of the yard where they spent hour after hour like a couple of modern Doboobies. One gusty, rainy night, when the streets were deserted by all but those who couldn't help themselves, Ralph stood at the half-glass door, and looked through the shop at the watery lamplight just in front of it-at the coloured globes, and the suggestive array of jars and bottles-and drummed his heels impatiently, for his friend was away, and the usual hour for meeting was long past. 'While he looked and waited a man came into the shop, shutting his umbrella . as he entered the. doorway, and then putting up the collar of his macintosh so that the lower part of his face was not visible. His hat was rammed tightly down to his eyebrows, either to prevent it Sbehig blownoff or still more effectually to Sconceal his face. Ralph, bly one of those mysterionus impules which operate on the human wind so powerfully at times that we are apt to call them by another name, ha observed the man closely and with on suspicion. There was only one assistant in tis the shop, and the customer after a liz furtive glance around (a glance which did st( not escape the keen gaze of Ralph) asked fri for a drug, which the assistant evidently hesitated to supply him with. However. fel after a little parley the young shopman carefully labelled a little packet and co handed it to the purchaser, who secured it gr in the breast pocket of his coat, and was bh about to leave when the chemist himself returned, shook the water from his over- lor coat, removed his bat, and stepped into the ar, shop. sAh I Mr Ogilvie-what in heaven's w1 name brought you out such a night as th this ' he exclaimed, as he recognised, despite pulled up collar, pulled down hat, sa the purchaser of the little packet of wi poision. th The young man addressed uttered a As sound which mighthave been a laugh or a or growl, ' Nothing more dreadful than an pi experiment,' he answered, and then hurried out. The chemist went into the bi room where his friend Ralph was waiting hi for him. re 'Who was that man you spoke to just tb now?' asked Ralph. so, ' A young fellow named Ogilvie-confi- at dential clerk or something of that sort of di old Renfrew's.' hr ' I thought I recognised someone, though hi for the life of me I couldn't think who. M It's years since I met the fellow,;but some- w thing told me that he was a man in whom O I am interested.' 1 ' Indeed, not a friend of yours, I hope. R Mr Ogilvie's antecedents are to say the m least doubtful, and he is not such a friend tl as a man of moderate fortune can afford to d I keep in with.' .li No, not a friend, but the reverse. He cc was a co-conspirator with his aunt, Mrs re R Renfrew, in expatriating the best friend o that ever I possessed-a man whose every w i thought was unselfish and every action h gentle. What Ogilvie was previous to that a I know full well, and while I grieved over I s the success of their nefarious schemes, I a a comforted myself with the reflection that Renfrew would soon find out that he had C been an ungrateful old foo', and that the a fellow he had trusted in Faucet's place was a scoundrel. I confess I am disappointed. C B I thought Ogilvie could not keep up the r appearance of decency so long.' 'I don't think he has,.at least all who a know anything about the Renfrews know that Ogilvie is a gambler and a blackguard. i a But I suppose he has ability enough to put y a fair face upon his questionable proceed. t a ings. He has the repute of being smart in e business matters, and this hides a 11 multitude of sine, which are regarded as c his private affairs, and have nothing to do ( h with his commercial standing.' 'r And what is thought of Mrs Renfrew P? I I mean does she move in the gay world, or d the decorous commercial world, or literary I r. and musical world, or doesn't she move i I at all ?' d 'Move at all I Art thou a stranger in Rockton and knowest not of these things ?, ;s Why, the sayings and doings of Mrs I n Renfrew, in the emphatically gay world, .- are the topic of conversation wherever fast men do congregate, and foolish women is give them something to talk about. What 1 :o else could Renfrew expect ? Did he suppose le that that gay, witty, pretty, mischief-lov n ing woman tied herself to his withered anatomy for any other purpose than to get y, his money and spend it on her own to pleasures?' Id ' I suppose the old fool was in his dotage; of he certainly could expect nothing else if he thought at all about it.' I 'I don't think he was 'in his dotage, on >h the contrary, he was a wonderfully se vigorous man, mentally and physically, at .t, seventy. I know his is a long- lived race -there are two brothers living in Bristol ao several years older than he, and giving no or sign of decrepitude. Then he has a maiden ly sister to whom the society of which I am a director has been paying an annuity for zd about ten years longer than we reckoned on, as and who must be eighty. I met the old be lady the other day walking quite briskly. re I forgot all about the annuity, and inquired et tenderly about her health; and I verily believe there was a twinkle of triumphant merriment in her little grey eyes as she )h answered that she never felt better in c- her life ? ' to Ralph laughed, and then withdrew his bo thoughts from Ogilvie and the Renfrews re, and turned them onto the explosive. ag But when he let himself into his house at he the usual unseasonable hour at which his re friend the chemist and himself were in the d, habit of parting, the subject of Mrs a- Renfrew and her nephew returned to his he memory, and he found himself asking as he nd tossed about on his extremely comfortable he bed and adjusted and re-adjusted his pil it lows-' What was that fellow at Murdoch's irs to-night for ? Why did he strive to con ed ceal his face? Why did he look round re furtively and ask for what he wanted in so of low a tones?' And failing a satisfactory ny reply to these interrogations Ralph piled by another pillow on to the heap he had es, already, and vowed that the fumes of those nd confounded chemicals had got into his cry head. But the sitting posture failed to be give him relief, and after two or three gay more efforts to produce somnolency by the his re- adjustment of bed, bed-clothes, and sy, pillows, he got up, struck a light, and tried ng the soothing powers of a cigar, smiling lan as the fragrant smoke pervaded the la apartment at the thought' of' what ien a good airing the room would get on the so morrow, when Martha, his housekeeper, not detected the smell of that beastly bacca.. tly He was more successful when' next he laid it himself down and slept until a late hour to in the morning, when, having breakfasted, se he started to walk to an old bookshop the where he frequently picked up odd ha volunmes that were of interest to him. He had to pass Mnrdooh's, the chemist's shop. Yo on his way, and the visit of Ogilvie re- asa turned to his recollection with such start- the ling suddenness and vividness that he thi stopped, went inside, and inquired for his friend. Murdoch came out immediately. ful ' Murdoch, I am a practical sort of du: fellow, am I not ?' af, ' Yes, I am happy to say that I have a sin confederate who takes nothing for Ye granted, and is never guilty of imagining, thi but who will have demonstration.' ad, ' Such being the case for such a man to in, lose several hours of his night's sleep deo argues- ' k 'Too intense application to the subject Re when it forces itself upon your thoughts to inn that extent.' ths ' Ah ! but my friend, Murdoch, I didn't die say what subject. Our combination It wasn't the theme. What troubled me was eel the visit of Ogilvie at 10 p.m. toyour shop, thi Ascertain what he bought, will you P with- tot out drawing thelattention of the shopman lik particularly to the fact at present.' Murdoch looked, as he felt surprised, ph but in a few moments put the question to at his assistant in an indifferent tone. The fri reply caused an instantaneous change in yf the expression of his face, but the expres sion passed away with lightning rapidity, and the assistant, busy with a prescription, at did not observe it. After a few minutes M had elapsed, during which time he busied he himself with the book of daily entries, Murdoch returned to Ralph, and in a In whisper informed him of the purchase that O0 Ogilvie had made. Ralph looked hard at Murdoch and Murdoch looked hard at Ralph. The same idea had struck both tI men, but neither gave utterance to his he thought. Ralph pursued his way and sat CC down in the repository of old and curious w .literature. He was so absorbed with the PI contents of an old volume, published in the reign of Queen Anne, that he did not I observe the entrance of the very man 1h r whose conduct on the preceeding evening tl I had excited his curiosity. Nor, until the B aged bookseller mentioned his name, did is Ralph look up from the volume he was h I reading and see the face of Ogilvie. F b 'I will procure it for you if possible, Mr fl I Ogilvie, but works of that description are o s as rare as they are expensive.' P * Never mind the expense,' replied A Ogilvie, and went awey. 'Mr Ogilvie is de loping tastes for f' which the world at large doesn't give him t o credit,' observed Ralph with a smile. I v should as soon have expected to find him o 1\. in a church as in a bookseller's shop! f t 'His taste appeared to be something akin 1 to you own, Mr Dunstan, that is to say, if a a drugs have an affinity to those chemicals t a in which you are so deeply interested. He a commissioned me to procure a work of an 1 o old herbalist of which only a few copies are i extant. Singularitaste for a man of his C P repute.' , Very' replied Ralph, and then turned a y his eyes upon his old book again, but not e to read another line of it. Before his men- t tal gaze the word' poison' seemed to stand I n out in lurid distinctness. He seemed to see c ?, the awful tragedy to hear the syren tongue 5 that soothed while the homicidal hand 1, mixed the death-giving potion, to see the it face of the fond but foolish old man con n torted with agony, while the cruel eyes of it his false wife noted with horrible calm. is ness the progress of the malady, and en r- couraged her to strengthen or warned her d to reduce the insidious draught. And at it her elbow was the utterly unprincipled n nephew, who had been a criminal for years past of a deeper dye~than many a felon a; who was caged and secured by society in to self-defence, while it permitted this man to mix with it and shut its eyes to his moral in degration or glossed over his, , in ly iquities. And then came the exas at perating thoughts that he was 1 :e powerless to prevent the evil he dreaded, 1 o1 and lie began to ask himself if he was not I to becoming a prey to gloomy imaginings a such as he had never before experiencedin I a his life, and whether it was not his duty to or shake off thesa morbid fancies. What if n, all should be a mere bugbear of his own Id creation? But reason as he would, and y. strive to resist them as he did, the ideas sd returned with tenfold force that a con ly spiracy was hatching against the life of the at old man whose unworthy conduct had te expatriated Alfred Faucet,and that Ogilvie in was the coadjutor of Mrs Renfrew, if not the instigator of the crime. Ralph returned is to his house disturbed in mind to an extent vs that he had never experienced since the loss of his friend Faucet. ito completely at had the idea of danger to Mr Renfrew lie taken possession of his imagination that it he seriously interfered with his experiments, rs and more than once Murdoch rallied him is about his absence of mind. But several he weeks elapsed without anything occurring >ls to rouse his latent suspicions into activity, it- and the incidents that had so disturbed him i's began to lose some of their significance, n- when he was startled one evening by the ad announcement by Murdoch that Renfrew so was very ill. ry ' Who is attending him ?' asked Ralph. ed *Phillpots, I believe, I don't know posi ad tively se ' Phillpots is an old man, is he not ?' sis '*es, almost as old as old Renfrew to himself. I think he has been Renfrews ee man for many years, but it is very little he doctoring that ever Renfrew required.' nd Ralph said no more at the time, but led having ascertained Mr Philpote's address ng called upon him the next morning. The :he old gentleman was at home, and lalph sat with that directness which was one of his the characteristics stated the purpose of his or, visit in a few words. ca.. ' I have called to see you, Dr. Philpot, aid on a matter of great importanoe to a friend aur of mine, named Alfred Faucet, a nephew ed, of Mr Renfrew's first wife., The death of sop his unole by marriage while.he is in Aus. dd tralla would be a very serious event owing He to their present attitude to each other. You will therefore excuse my boldness in us asking you for your candid.opinion as to hors the danger and probable termination of pool this illness?' tion The old doctor rubbed his chin thought- sele fully and after a pause of some seconds mor duration, answered: 'The illness that all affects Mr Renfrew presents some very C; singular, I may say puzzling, features. saw Yes-very singular; so singular, in fact, and that I suggested to Mrs Renfrew the food advisableness of calling in Mulready, in con, in whose judgement I have profound ejnfi- the dence. Yes-I should have very much her liked to meet Mulready there; but Mrs lett Renfrew seemed perfecty satisfied, as ope; indeed did Renfrew that I had done all han that. medical skill could do, and seemed abab disinclined to theintroduction of a stranger. retr It was, of course, very flattering to my ceem self-esteem, and the proof of confidence on dep the part of my old friend Renfrew was very woe touching, but for all that I should have was liked to have had Mulready's opinion.' pre Ralph looked piercingly at the old bef, physician's benevolent, intellectual face for Sue afew seconds. 'You spoke of Mr Ren- ban frew as your old friend. Do any of the symptoms of his illness coincide with the mis effects of poison P' c The man of science cast a startled glance at Ralph's agitated face. ' Good God l Mr Dunstan, what put that idea into your head ?' Ia Ralph briefly but forcibly related the E incident of the purchase of the poison by mil Ogilvie, and the subsequent quest after the the herbalist's work. ing When Dr. Philpots: went his usual round liti that morning he called at Dr. Mulready's ral house, and after a few minutes' earnest joy conversation,the younger medical man,who col was fast rising in, his profession, accom- eyc panied him to the house of Mr Renfrew, he * * bu Carry Neville sat in the little dull par- ral lour of the reotory about three years after ha the second and final visit of Ralph an Dunstan. She looked out at the dreary ab landscape and thought of the day when he had ridden up from Portlock after Alfred da Faucet's departure, of the letter that her nil faithful lover had sent to her by the hands Ys s of his trusty friend, of that friend's com- etc plete vindication of her lover's truth, and yo I with bitter self-upbraiding of her own ca want of faith in him. It must be con r fessed that she spared not herself, and if in the severity of her strictures on her own no conduct were to be taken as. the measure of her affection for Alfred Faucet he had he good reason for considering himself a ye favourite of Fortune so far as friendship ar and love were indicative of the favour of tic that fickle goddess so e 'Yes,' sohloquised Carry, ' I deserved to at lose him. Ralph Dunstan must have B e looked with honest scorn on a woman who is could be so easily imposed upon. What a noble fellow Alf must be to have made d such a friend as Ralph Dunstan I But so t who would have supposed Laura Renfrow _ to be such a terrible woman asno she has er d proved to be? Even father was completely a, deceived in his estimate of her. I don't hi i suppose-in fact, I am sure now that there cc d was not a particle of truth, in all those as e shameful statements about Alfred. How \- well Ralph Dunstan understood that >f odious Laura! He deprecated the posses- bl sion of exceptional perception, but what a fa different state of things there would be if ct r, father had but seen through people as it Ralph saw! . wonder if a slighted man de d can be , as vindictive as Ralph hi r showed a slighted woman could be? hi n Ah I no-we are truly the weaker 'w ,n sex - strong only for evil. What tl to have we ever done but mischief ever tl il since we were put into the world ?, There n ,- were tears in the little woman's eyes and a h: a. flush was on her cheeks as she summed up tl s thus unfavourably of herself and her sisters; E , but the tears did not hinder her from ot seeing the messenger with the day's post, t] to who was at that moment going roundto the ti in back entrance. b to 'I wonder how the inquest will termin- w if ate ?' she asked her father, who entered the p ,n room a minute afterwards with the day's A id newspaper in his hand. Mr Neville did fi is not reply until he had glanced at the foot y n- of the third column of the report of the p se proceedings. tl 'ld 'erciful goodness!' he exclaimed. ti ie ' What is it father? ' ot ' Wilful murder against Laura Ranfrew!' k d Father I' exclaimed Carry, ' This is 1i at dreadful-dreadful. Then the jury are he convinced that Mr Renfrew was poisoned ?' u ly 'Yes; the evidence seems to establish a w that theory. It is very shockmng-very. b it Renfrew's marriage was a terrible mistake, I i, and I fear we all made another very p .m serious mistake when we judged that f al young man Faucet on the evidence of these b og wicked people, Laura and her nephew. ii ;y, Perhaps the successful termination of their t m conspiracy against him encouraged t e, them to attempt the greater crime i he for which they have now been called I aw to account ; at anyrate if he had remained in the confidential post I s. he occupied at the time of Laura's mar si- riage he would have been somewhat of a l check, and they would not have been tempted by the prospect of immediate i ow aggrandishement, which seems to have vs lured them on.' tie 'Them ? Is the nephew included in the verdict P' )ut ' As accessory.' ses 'It is a horrible affair all through. 'he There was something revolting to me in [ph the marriage of a pretty young creature his like Laura to an old and feeble man. his Twenty-two and seventy! Nearly half a century difference 1 But that it should and lot, in crime so awful makes one shudder. sod Truly did Ralph Dunstan speak when he lew spoke of a slighted woman as being the of most cruel, unserupulous, vindictive us- creature in the world.' ing 'A Mr Duneant played an mporant te, part in sheoebng bMnse te srim, fut let us talk about something else. These horrors make me sick. Oh, poor humanity! poor humanity!' And with this exclama tion the rector opened his Bible, and selected as his text for the next Sunday morning, 'The heart is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked.' Carry turned from the window when she saw her father was occupied with the Bible, and quickly withdrew. She had too much food for reflection to be inclined for conversation, for her father's words and the mention of Ralph Dunstan had thrown her thoughts into a tumult. There were letters for her, but she let them lie un opened and leaning her head upon her hands and her elbows on the table abandoned herself to a rapid but distinct retrospect of the events immediately proe ceeding and succeeding Alfred Faucet's departure. How long she sat there she would have been puzzled to tell, but she was roused from her reverie by a loud and preremptory knock at the front door, and before she had time to compose herself Susan tapped at her bedroom door, and handed in Mr Ralph Dunstan's card. ' The gentleman says he must see you, miss.' Carry smiled. It was so like Ralph. 'Is father still in the parlour ?' 'Oh no, miss. He is in the study.' SThen show Mr Dunstan in and tell him I will not keep him waiting long.' Susan tripped down stairs and did as her mistress had told her. Ralph stalked up to thefire andturninghis back toit stood wait ing for Carry's entrance. The heart of the little woman was beating with unwonted rapidity, and a glow of expectation ,half joyful half apprehensive, heightened her colour and sparkled in her brown eyes. Mr Dustan's mental comment on her appearance was decidedly flattering, but he merely bowed gravely until Carry ran up to him, and offered her plump little hand, which it is needless to say he took, and held a second or two longer than was absolutely necessary. ' I am glad you are at home to me to day, for I must get back to Portlock to night if possible, so have no time to waste. You have heard, of course, all the horrible story of Mrs Renfrew's crime, but probably I you have not heard of another event which i caused me to come here this afternoon P' ' I have not heard of any other event of f importance that I can call to mind just i now.' * I did not think you would have I heard of this, so came to break the news to i you. I could not tell if trouble might not a arise through writing, some misconstrnu tion or misunderstanding, or miss of some sort or other, so resolved to come in person and here I am. Alfred Faucet landed in B ristol last night.' D 'Oh ! Mr Dunstan, Mr Dunstan l' a 'Will bebe welcomeP' e But Carry was unable to reply save by b sobs. v 'Ah! I see how it is. "All's well that e ends well." He will be hero to- morrow.' y 'No! no!' exclaimed Carry when she t had recovered a little of her usual self e control. 'No! Tell him not to come-1 e am not worthy that he should seek me.' v ' He is the best judge of that.' SNo, he is not. He is blinded by love- \- blind to my extreme unworthiness. His a faith and trust are a reproach to me. How if can I ever look him in the face again P' .s 'How indeed I' said Ralph. ' I think you n deserve the very worst treatment at his h hands that he could possibly give you; but P he is one of those fond and foolish fellows r who believe in woman, would lay down .t their lives for her, and all that sort of r thing. I don't find fault with this weak a ness though, mind you, for it has brought a him back from thhqt distant colony to spend p the rest bf his days where a sensible s; Englishman would wish to end them.' n 'You cannot reproach me more bitterly t, than I reproach myself. Yes, you say te truly when you say that I deserve nothing but contempt and forgetting. I was a i- weak credulous fool, and must pay the :e penalty of my credulity. I cannot meet 's Alfred Faucet again, and though your d friendship for him would naturally lead >t you to the gratification of his wishes in ie preference to mine, you will do me a great though undeserved kindness if you will tell him that I cannot-' * Humph ! I should do you a kindness by I' keeping your long- tried, patient, faithful is lover away from you, should IP Well, I re alwryes found women the most perverse, ?' uncertain, irritating creatures in the world, bh and as I am not a particularly amiable y. being myself I came to the conclusion that 0, I would have as little to do with them as 7y possible. It would have been a good thing at for Alfred Faucet if he had done the same; se but as he has chosen the contrary course it i. is my duty as a friend to help him. Good ir bye, Miss Neville. Mr Faucet will be at ;d the rectory door by midday to-morrow, and io if you don't shed tears of repentance on ed his manly breast, and he doesn't wipe them he away with generous, forgiving kisses, I am at no judge of human nature.' r u- But Carry did not respond to his ' Good la bye,' unless laying her head on her arms on en the table and sobbing violently was a Ito response. re Alfred Faucet was at the rectory door at the hour Ralph stated, and inquired if Mr he Neville was at home. Susan replied affir matively, and Faucet requested an inter view. The simple-minded rector received 1h. his visitor with embarrassment, but was in evidently desirous to efface the recollection are of his former want of faith in him, and an. Alfred Faucet 'was too happy in the f a knowledge that Carry loved him to cherish md resentment against her father. ler. ' I have come after three years of exile,' he said Alfred, ' to claim the fulfilment of a the promise made to me when I was a pros |ie peorous, respected, happy man. Calumny robbed me of the respect of many, but at never' of the ftruat of the e~sunh friend Slet who seeme to have been eelected by Pro vidence as the vindicator of my character and the punisher of those who so cruelly wronged me. The vindication is full and complete, and my position is restored to me through the discovery of the will of my relative, Mr Renfrew.' The roector murmured words of surprise and gratification. 'Do you tell me Mr Roenfrew's will was in your favour, Mr Faucet ? It is surpris ing that Mrs Renfrew and her wicked nephew did not prevail upon their aged victim to make a new one, or that they at least did not destroy the old.' ' No doubt they would have destroyed it if they had been aware of its existence ; but Mr Renfrew, for what reason must remain matter for con jecture, deposited the document with his old friend, Dr. Philpots. If my relative made any other will it must have been destroyed, or so securely concealed that the most diligent search and careful enquiry have failed to discover it. It is possible that Mr Renfrew saw when too late what a serious error he had been guilty of in marrying as he did, and therefore allowed the old will to stand; but whatever the explanation I am in a position to offer your daughter a home worthy of her. Have I your permission P ' * More, much more than my permission, T'hough my home will be very desolate without her I cannot gradge her to one who has heaped coals of fire upon my head by his generosity and-' And what more the worthy man would have said I don't know, for his voice was husky as he turned away to hide his emotion, and left the room. A few mo ments afterwards the rustle of a woman's dress caused Alfred Faucet to turn his face itothedoor,andCarry,with moist eyes, grow ng cheeks, and lips that trembled between a smile and a sob was locked in his arms, and did what -Ralph had predicted, i ., shed tears of repentance on her lover's breast, until he relaxed his hold of her, turned her face up to his, and kisssd it until the tears of regret gave place to smiles of deepest joy and heartfelt gratitude. 'Alfred, can you ever forgive me ? Really and truly forgive me ' ' It looks something like it, doesn't it little woman ?' And so the victory was with the good after all. 'Now that is a fitting conclusion to a Christmas story,' observed Frank Wycher ley. ' I was afraid that I should be haunted to-night by visions of murdered agents drowned in dark pools, or shot-riddled corpses carried from barricades, or dust and blood-stained architects laid out in the homes of their brides; but instead of these I shall dream of that bonnie English maiden and her faithful Saxon lover, and that capital fellow Ralph Dunstan. Fill your glasses, gentlemen, and let us drink to them and to all the gentle and the good, long life, health, and happiness. 