EASTER SUNDAY. WICKHAM-TERRACE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. At the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church large congregations assembled at both morning and evening services on Sunday. At the even- ing service Stainer's anthem, "They have taken away my Lord," was rang by the ohoir. The Bey. G. D. Buchanan preached on both occasions, and in the evening took as his text Ist Corinthians, xt., 85, The preacher said, —The 15th chapter of th* Ist Corinthians, pre-eminently important to the serious inquirer About the future, findt man at the open grave, and while he is look ing into its gloomy portals he is permitted to see beyond. This chapter, to the Christian, ia as Nebo to Moses. It is here he sees some thing of the promised land of immortality. Paul is permitted to see and write for all who would know something of the resurreotion life, and although his language is remarkably clear and explioit, yet it leads to the con sideration of mysterious depths and we an lost in the sublime contemplation. As wa each and all must test the reality soon we eagerly listen to the voice which speaks of the hidden future. The first question is—How are the dead raised up ? This evidently was a question anticipated by Paul as the result of doubt mingled with surprise. No question studied by man has called forth more profound thought or a greater variety of answers. There is—l. The old orthodox answer, which is purely material from beginning to end—namely, that at the sounding of a trumpet every material atom finds its original place in every human body. This view has been encouraged by the poets of past centuries, and some of the preachers of more recent date have delighted to dwell on this answer in minute and disgusting details. It does not require a refutation now* as but few if any earnest students so fat materialise spiritual things as to believe or teaoh the resurrection of the physical body as it is when the soul leaves it. 2. The Answer of the poetic rationalists — namely, that tha resurreotion is only an ideal dream of beauty, representing the soul rising from spiritual death to life, and may be seen ia operation in every aspiration after tha true, beautiful, and good. Even tha resurrection of Christ had no objective reality, bat was used merely as a figure representing the subjective rising of the Christ life within the soul. All this may be beautiful enough, but is far from being satisfactory to the dying man or to one in the oloud of bereavement. The soul in trouble wants some thing more real than poetic ideal, charming m it may be. It ia not professed, however, that this view has any other foundation than human imagination. Then there is—3. Tha answer of the mystics and such as profess It have attained the inner sight—esoteric Chria tiana they might be called. Such tell as maa has two bodies—one material and the other psychical—and when the former dies returning to the dust, the Utter rises with the sou to the immortal life. This impression seems to be gathered from a misinterpretation of the Pauline teaching concerning bodies terrestrial and bodies celestial. While thig view may be justified from some passages in tha New Testament, there are many others incon sistent with it. Concerning the resurreotioff, the declaration is made that it has to do in some sense with oar " mortal bodies," and tha statement that " all that are in their grayaa shall come forth" indicates a resurrection more real and tangible than that of a psychical body. The basis of the Pauline argument ia to show the desirability and oertainty of a real resurrection from the dead, though oertainly not in a material Benae. Hence the second question naturally arises, '♦ With what manner of body do they come ?" There ib evidence that this question was asked at first as a sneer by some one who dis believed the teaching of Paul. He, therefore, draws an analogy from nature to show tha possibility and probability of a resarreotioa from the dead. The wonders of growth are as deeply mysterious as the resurrection, and neither can be fully explained to the mind bound by the limitations of the earth lilt. Following the Panline teaching we may learn what the resurreotion body is not, and though we are inoapableof fully understand ing, we may, at least in a measure, know something of what it is. Observe then: 1\. The resurrection body is not this physical body, ever changing as to substance; "Not that whioh shall be," oertainly not a body of 11 flesh and blood," for such cannot inherit the kingdom, because it ie absolutely unsuited to tha resurrection life. As this body of flesh is suited only to the earthly life, it ends with its earthly purpose. The conclusion manifestly is —2. That the resurrection body is in some mysterious sense the earthly body evar abiding as to identity. A something and a somewhat will be raised at the last day that will distinguish the individuality of eaoh per son from all others in the universe. In what then will this identity consist? Following the thought of my old theological instructor, Dr. Hodge, I observe (a) that there is an identity which depends upon substance, and that is its lowest form. Fox example, the water in a vessel may be frozen, and the ice melted or converted into steam, and thus condensed, but it is the same water as to substance through all its change*. The maker of the condensing engine recognises the identity depending upon sob stance, (b) There is an identity which depends upon form; this is higher. The identity of Angelo's statue of Moses depends upon Che form wrought by the master hand. Tou would know it at any time and place by its form, and not by the material of which it is composed. (c) There is a still higher identity, that which depends upon an idea or mental con cept as in the case with a poem. The identity of a particular poem does not depend either upon substanoe or form. You recognise it as the same, whether it be printed, written, or engraved, or if it be merely repeated. The same is true of a picture; voa recognise it as the some whetbor described in words, or painted on canvas, or carved in rook. (d) But the highest of all is that identity which depends upon organic life in con tinuance. We have examples of this in the acorn and the oak; the same in organio life, though ever changing as to form and sub stanoe; also in the ever-changing substanoe of the human body, and the conscious con- ftinuanee of the identical personality, while memory binds the whole life in unity. Paul in using the illustration of the grain of wheat meant to say that this continuance of identity in the future life is a mystery no greater than that of natural growth, and in some sense analogous to it. This has led to the conclusion that there iB in this body an imperishable germ, dormant in this life, but which fashions for itself a new body in the resurrection life. This idea has become very prominent in German theological thought. Dr. Julius Miiller thinks there is a vital organising force which continues in union with the soul, but is not operative between death and the resurrection, so that " the principle of identity, although in the body, does not perish with it, but remains united to the soul, and under appropriate circum- Btanoes fashions for itself a new body." Dr. Lange teaches that the soul was created to be incarnate, and therefore was endowed with forces and talents to that end. In virtue of its nature, it as certainly gathers from surrounding matter the materials for a new body as a seed gathers from the earth and air the matter suited to its necessities. The soul while on earth forms for itself a body out of earthly materials. When it leaves the earth it fashions a habitation for itself out of the material to be found in the higher sphere, and at the end of the world, when the grand palingenesia is to occur, the souls of men according to their nature will fashion bodies for themselves out of the elements of the dissolving universe. Paul gives us certain positive declarations as to the nature of the resurrection body, that it is to be incorruptible, immortal, powerful, glorious, spiritual, and therefore suited to the heavenly state. From all this study, our con clusion is that the immortal germ of the earthly body is to rise and fashion to itself a new and spiritual body—that every individuality is to be preserved in conscious identity, and that in the eternal state there is to be perfect adaptation to the eternal life. The City Tabernacle. " That I may know Him, and the power of Eia resurrection " (Philippians iii., 10) was the text of the Rev. W. Whale's sermon at the City Tabernacle'on Sunday evening. The rev. gentle man said: The supreme aim of Christ's mission is redemption, and the beginning of actual re demption ia resurrection. "The Church of Christ," it has been said, "is built over an empty sepulchre." The taunt has become a commendation, for it allows the fact of resur rection, and affirms that out of it sprang, or on it was built, the Church. The fact of Christ's returreotion has sent a thrill of energy through the ages, and has not even now become feeble. It hai vital forces and useful lessons for the present time. The Christ-life operates accord ing to its nature. Its sphere is in the world of human consciousness, and its phenomena are found in the quickening of spiritual life and in the transforming of human oharaoter. The resurrection is not a myth or mere legend, nor a symbol or mere representation, but it is an historic fact, and a forceful redemptive energy, with its own special phenomena, visible enough and nototherwise to be accounted for. The resurrection gave the first witnesses a gospel whioh they were to preach in all the world to every creature, and wherever that Gospel was received into human hearts and lives it became " the power of God unto salva tion," whether to Jew or Gentile. The resurrection tells us of the spiritual life, of a realm above and beyond the mere bodily sensations, of a world where the limitation is not one of inches and hours and ounces, where character is the only worth, when love is the only motive power, and where all will find unity and solidarity in Christ, This age needs to know afresh the ethical value of the resurrection. The Church needs to renew its consciousness of it as preparatory to another Pentecost. The preacher needs to proclaim it as the one thing he can speak of in glowing terms, and with an enthusiasm of the Holy Ghost; and the weary,- sinning, perishing world needs to hear of it and to believe in it if it is ever to b+ saved by hope. Resurrection is a fact with ethical possibilities for present day realisation, and to those who enter into its redeeming truth, heaven begins here and now. "Now are we the sons of God." Common life is redeemed from vulgar tone, and baptised in a river of power. Common people become saints, with the halo of hope crowning their otherwise prosaic lives. Common work and duty become in some sense not only service but worship, wherein it Is done as unto God and not merely for eye servioe before men. The message of the resur rection for these times is a Gospel of redeeming power and grace, The resurrection enlarges our outlook, emancipates us from routine, removes variety and frivolity and cultures by veneration for all that is of God, and will affect eternal issues. In a word, the risen Christ sends the Holy Spirit of quickening, of benevolence, of righteousness, of enthusiasm, the offspring of faith, hope, and love, into this otherwise poor, paltry, perishing world. Oh, let us each for himself pray " That I may know Him and the power of His resurreotion." St. John's Pro- Cathedral. The Easter festival was kept with due honour and solemnity at the Pro-cathedral. The first servioe of the festival was on Satur day evening, when Evensong was said, and five South Sea Islanders were admitted by baptism into the Church. On Easter Day there were early celebrations of the holy communion at 6, 7, and 8 a.m., whioh were very largely attended. Matins was sung at 11 a.m., fol lowed by the high celebration, at which Stainer's beautiful service in E fiat was admi rably rendered by the choir, Mr. Seymour Dicker presiding at the organ. The Rev. M. J. Stone- Wigg, M.A., officiated, and also preached to a large congregation, which completely filled the sacred edifice. His text was taken from St. Mark, xvl., 8., and in the course of his sermon he alluded to the present labour troubles as a vast Btone, whioh only the power of the risen Christ oonld roll away from the door of national honour and national seourity. A largely attended children's service was con ducted by the Bishop in the afternoon, and at 7.80 p.m. choral evensong was excellently rendered. The church was again crowded to the doors, and the vioar preached a second time, basing his remarks on 1 Cor. xv., 17. This brought the services of the day to a close. The sacred edifice was very tastefully decorated by members of the congregation, special atten tion being paid to the chancel and sanotuary. The altar itself, with its white hangings and frontal, and its vases of choicest white flowers, spoke to all of victory and life, its appearance being in striking contrast to the black hangings of Good Friday, whioh bore their testimony to the Saviour's death. The offerings throughout the day were devoted to the proposed Church Institute, and amounted to £60. ST. STEPHEN'SCATHEDRAL. The mission conducted by the Rev. F. Hanly, of the congregation of St. Vincent de Paul, was brought to a close on Sunday. The altar was decorated with flowers. The drapery was rich, in white, crimson, and gold, tastefully and skilfully relieved with wreaths of white flowers. The rich lettering of the inscription, which was immediately over the high altar, had a fine appearance. It was a verse from the cxyii. Psalm, and was as follows:—" Haec est dies quam fecit Dominus, Alleluia, exultemus, et laclemur in ea. Alleluia." The vestments of the priests were of white, embroidered with gold. At all the masses there were large con- gregations. As some of the fruit of the mission it is estimated that nearly a thousand people received holy communion. The first mass, at 7 a.m., was said by the Rev. Father Fouhy; the second, at half-past 8, by the Rev. Father Hanly: the other two, at half-past 9 and 11, by the Rev. Father Cunali. At the 11 o'clock mass Father Fouhy delivered a powerful sermon on the gospel of the day. He compared the time just closed to that spent by soldiers after victory. All was joy and triumph, but there was mingled with those delights a poignant sorrow for those of their brave comiades who fell with them in battle. So in the spiritual victory, whilst the Church rejoiced over the victory which her people had won over sin, and were resolved not to offend their Creator again, she still felt grieved over those who did not avail themselves of the great opportunities which the mission afforded them of being reconciled to their heavenly Father. He exerted all to continue in the path they commenced to walk in, and advised all young girls to become members of the Holy Family confraternity. In the evening an eloquent and touching sermon was preached by Father Hanly, who advised the large congregation to practise the great means of constant prayer and frequenting the sacraments, and to avoid the dangers of sin. As Father Hanly bade the congregation farewell many in the church were visibly affected. The Papal blessing was given, followed by the benediction of the blessed sacrament. The musical portion of the service was of an elaborate character. 