THE 'BLACK LADY' OF DARMSTADT. The Courts of Germany and Austria boast a host of legendary lady spectres (the Ge-ittc- woman says) who, when woe is to befall the princely house in question, make their ap pearance at the hour of midnight, before some sentinel or officer on duty, their appearance striking terror and dismay among the inmates of the palace, and perhaps hastening the death oi the princely sufferer. The 'Black Lady of Darmstadt' was a princess, and, moreover, the wedded consort of a reigning prince, being Princess Marianne, the wife of the Grand Duke Ferdinand Maria, She always, we are tjld, appears in deep mourning, and is reputed to bespeak woe to the Grand Ducal House of Hesse in particular, but also to the allied royal one of Bavaria. In olden times the reputed appearance of the ' Black Lady ' would cause a perfect panic in the old Darmstadt Sdiloss, the sentinels even U'iClUf, UUU1 irUCll £JUSLa* A young and daring officer of the Grenadiers once prayed the Grand Duke Ludwig I. to ba permitted to stand sentry at the Court chapel. ?' If it be no true ghost,' he remarked, ' I will cure the individual of the desire to haunt.' The prayer was granted, with the request that if the spectre refused to stand when challenged the officer was to fire upon it. The Grand Duke himself and some courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel, whence a view could be obtained of the courtyard, and the path which the ghostly object was said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly had the last chime died away before a loud ' Halt !' rang out upon the still night, followed instantly by tbe report of a gun. The Grand Duke and his attendants hurried from their hiding place into the courtyard, where they beheld the bold soldier stiff and dead. He had !not a single outward sign of injury, but the barrel of the gun by his side was rents from the stoe-k and the former twisted like a cock screw. Singular to relate, within three days Ludwig I. himself lay a corpse m the Ducal Hail. About the year 1850 Queen Therese of Bavaria died most suddenly, and even in the highest circles mention was sbudderingiy made of the spectre that had made its appearance just before her death. King Ludwig, her consort, was spending the summer in the company of Queen Therese at his castle of Arctiaffenberg, whither also their Majesties' son-in-law, Grand Duke Ludwig III., of Hesse-Darmstadt, had been incited, when one evening at dusk, just as the princely company were taking tea in the gayest of spirits, there suddenly appeared — so those present aver — behind the chair of the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, having fixed her glassy eyes upon her Majesty, retired through the ante-chamber. The Grand Duke immediately hastened after the mysterious visitor, and in an angry voice demanded of the officer on duty by the door how he dared to permit strangers to enter unannounced and at that hour. The latterdeelared on oath that no living human being had entered either the ante-chainber or the royal saloon. Horror struck the duke returned to the company, when be was compelled, much against his wish, to relate the story. Having heard it, Queen Threeae rose hastily from the chair and ex claimed, 'That is intended for me.' The royal party returned shortly after to the capital, where the cholera had raged during the summer but had then disappeared. In a few days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. Again, in the early days of March, 186*, the 'Black Lady' figured in a mysterious occurrence at the Palace of Darmstadt, which, through subsequent events, created an immense sensation in Germany. The Life Guards officer on duty had, at the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection of the sentries, when suddenly, in one of the corridors, he beheld a lady dressed in black coming from the apartments occupied by Countess Fuger, a lady of the Court. He saw her distinctly go past the grand staircase, at night the only exit to the chapel courtyard. Believing that she .was making a mistake, the officer called to her that she could only get out that way to reach her carriage. But without paying the slightest heed the lady continued her way towards the chapel stairs. Quickly the officer hastened after her, but she disappeared in the gloom. Then, in the belief that it might be someone with felonious intent, he shouted to the sentry on guard at the bottom of the stairs, ' Arrest her !' himself descending quickly. But there was nobody, and the man emphati cally declared that no one had passed him. Two days later the news spread like wildfire throughout Germany that King Maximilian IL of Bavaria had suddenly been taken dangerously iU. He had returned in excellent health from his usual ride, and was just dress ing for dinner when he was seized with cramp. And in a few hours he was dead. 