Latest iVews. E PEEMBEE.—On Friday afternoon the Hon. T. Playford will leave Adelaide for Melbourne to transact private business there. Mr. Playford will return on Tuesday morning. LF.IGH'S CREEK BOEE. — The Government Geologist receiv: d the following telegram from the foreman of the Leigh's Creek bore on Wednesdry afternoon :—" Depth, 1,810 feet ; core, dark-blue shale." TRAMWAY ASSOCIATION-.— At a special meeting oi this Association on Wednesday evening: the action of the Sccrtiary (Mr. M. Burman) in runniug on the Norwood road with a bus was discusscd, the result being that the meeting rolled on him to resign his *x>sition, which he did. Mr. J. Barnes was elected Secretary pro tcm. IJ> JCBTEIAL LIFE ASSCFAXCK.—Prizes were offered ft the beginning of the year by the Citizens' InLtitute of tsydney for the best essays on " Industrial Life Assurance." In the seaior division tbe sccond prize lia- been awarded to Mr. J. A. Henderson, of the Citizens' Life Assurance Company, Adelaido. RAILWAY RETCBNS.—The railway revenue for the week ending August 22 was £22,0.3(1, while that for the corresponding week of 1B:XJ was £24,0i5, showing a decrease of £1,409. CT.EHK OF THE POLICE COURT.—The Government have not yet considered the appointment of a successor to the late Mr. -T. C. Fergusou, S.M., Clerk of the Police Court. For some time past the duties of Clerk have been carried out by the staff, and there is no immediate recessity to make a permanent appointment until the end of the month approaches. When a leading officer dies his salary continues till the end of the month, and if a Clerk had been appointed directly after the death of Mr. Ferguson two salaries would have to be provided for August. It is not, however, always possible to delay fresh appointments, but in Sir. Ferguson's case the work was easily performed by the clerical staff. LEAD FOE HONCKONC.—Shipments of lead to China still continue to be forwarded at least once a month. The lead is from tbe Broken Hill Proprietary Company's Mine, ard it is trarshipped at Port Adelaide from steamers engaged in the Gulf trade. Tlie s.s. Changsha, which sailed for Hongkong via Sydney on Wednesday, took away 4,100 bars of lead. ST CUT AonicrLTUEAi, SOCIETY.—The annual ploughing match and Show of horse sto^k, &c.;, •will be held to-d *y. A New York surgeon who has made a speciality of nerve centres says tbe inusi:: of a hand organ is pleasant to at least ninety- nine out of every hundred people, falling upon the nerve centres and the tympanum of tbe ear with soothing effect. He says that when you meet a person who cries out against this sort of music you can safely put him down as a falsifier and deceiver PATNKHAM INSTITUTE.—A sale of goods in aid of St. Aidan's Church will be opened this afternoon. HIEEUKIAX SOCIETY.—The annual social i.s announced to take place in the Town Hall to-night. The Incorixirated Law Society lately refused to allow a solicitor to admit his daughter into the profession. Perhaps it is as well, or very likely we should Iiavo something like this :— Family Lawyei— Broken it off with Miss Sharpe, eh ?—the lady solicitor ? That's bad ! Client—Bad ! I should think it was. Why, I'll lie hanged if she hasn't sent nie in a bill for all the interviews we've had, and hundreds of six and eightpences for all the letters she's written me; and the usual costi for reading mine. And she's going tu bring an action for breath of promise! " Sea-sickness," rays a modern wit, " is like a belief in ghost? ; 110 one will admit that it troubles him, but eveiy one has misgiving on the subject." No case of Diphtheria need prove fatal if Faulding's Diphtheria Powder and Extract of Eucalyptus are used in every case of Sore Throat. The rooms should be well sprayed with Faulding's Emu Brand Eucalyptus Oil. 197cv(J 