Training Motes. (BY REGINALD,) THURSDAY, Tins was a beautiful morning, but thero was very little fast work done, the majority being content with good useful work. Ariadno started proceedings as usual, hut she only cantered twice round. Simon did half-pace work by himself, and looks hearty and well. Tumbarumba bowled along round tbo sand track at hie best pace. Saxby started. to gallop once round the poll track, bub when ho had gone half way a bandago which ho was wearing became loose, and brought him down. The fall looked a very bad one, but, fortunately, such was not the case, as boyond a slight shaking, neither horse nor rider were hurt. Stella galloped once round the sand track. Stciladean, Piety, and Eurolic put in some good work, finishing with & run home. After breakfast Impostor was oxercieed over tho hurdles, also Reform* ation. Mousoon performed long strong work. Britomarto easily, beat Fairy King over six furlongs, tho titno being lmin 23seo. Rushlight ran a very good gallop over tho Cup distanco, and has an outside show. Sundown wan too good for Camolia over six furlongs, running the distunce in lmin 23jseo. NODQ of Hoystead'e string wont out of a canter. ICismot bowled along in good style, aod is on the improvo. Some Day was doiDg strong work. J5 and Tapanui worked slowly. Called Back put in some useful wotk, and is improving.. Keepsake, Tirrana, and Snip arrived this morning in charge of Mr. W. Miller j all look exceedingly well, Snip especially so. FRIDAY* This morning broke clear aud fine, i Ariadno was first out, galloping once round at u good pacc. Saxby looking none tho worso for his fall yosterday. gallopod once round, but mado no time. Tourist and Sol lcirlc, who arrived from Tomora yesterday, cxcrciscd moderately. Miller's three Cup candidates'' Snip, Keepsake,' and Tirrana cantorcd and spurted. Timbrel, Vacoy, Gracio, aud Sandal woro doing some useful work, all look well. Hoystcd's string, from Wangaratta, comprising Tomboy, Fedora, Farowoll, and Ellery wcro out. Fedora, cngagod in tho Two-year-old races, is a good looking filly, hut small. Numerous others wcro on tho coursc, but they did not do anything worth recording. I never romembcr seeing so many horses in work in Wagga at 0110 time, and tho Holds will bo tmusuully large. The Steeplechase promises to bo tho most interesting race at the mooting, as I think there will be a good few starters and all good jumpers. . . Sugar, Halifax*, Beach, Sybarite, and Drumstick arrived from Melbourne by tho mail train this evening. Yeoman's striug, consisting of Frantio, Striko-a- Light, Tho Ghost, Salome, and. two two-year-olds arrived by tho midday train. Amongst the horses that arrived in Wagga yesterday was Mr. F. Kcano's br g Mete oric. This hovao ran into second place in tho Hnrdlo Itaco atCaulfleld on Saturday last amongst a field of ten carrying 0 Btoiic ; and ridden by Stanmore. There ia not mucM betting 011 the forthcoming events, tli° principal beinj* 4 to 1 on tho field for tho Cup, wifth Snip mostly in demand. The following are tho latest scratching^ : -llurdlea : Bcttina, Stella, Hands Up, Tumburumba. Cup : Yunko, Morrigal, Bronzewing, Oliver Twist, Selkirk, Flossie. Town Plate: Argus, Sligo, Mcrrigal. 