'~'*rriicn ji^canlodMs. : ' I f- Mb. It B. Ci KSItGnAJTE GnAnAM, M.P., I writes as folowsjto the Daily Graphic, wider date 28 h Tforember The social correspondent of t£o Sim at Pine iflttge, Dakota, kcepf us informed of the move ments of tha 'ndiads now masking their forces at Chi try. (jlreck. Glancing over ?* the evening p ijiers wo see that the Sioux are dancing u c Ghost Dance, and learn that in the - ipinion of 'the perspicacious correspondent the settlers expect to be 'V. robbed and m irdered. Some of us may say. .'Confoind these' Indians, they, \- ? ought to be si iot down.' Ycp, smokeless powder is yt it trne civfliser after all. There is nt good, Indian but a dead ? Indian, whicl we kkow Is true, for have not. American hamorists declared itr and _ has' not a U ader-hearted public in two v continents aff rmed fiieir declaration with laugh. ? A iists wish they conld be: I present to set the ceremony. Those, who, j. in pursuit o' money, have been in the [* 'Territory,' - he whisky sellers, the Bible, it . pedlars, ? tho land Ipecnlators (liavmg £?; caught the .ihrase ifrom'soiie frontier t ? lu&n;), tell n. ' Indians is pizin,' and, | like Peter, sei 1 the lie with an oath. The js general public glances over the telegrams s , from Omaha, and hopes that there will be | no bloodshed, then tnrns to' disenss the j . recent politics! scandals and the prurient : details connec ed with the private life of . party . leaders, which, of course, we all K know are- of v istly more importance than \- the cxtermin. don of Regions of heathen ' ' , Indians. Sti. !, there iare few who really realise what s going on in the snow at . Cheny Creek what the Messiah really is I.' . fTiit Indians a: 3 looking for, and who the f! ? Ghosts are w' o are dancing. A Ghost j'; Dance to th Sioux is what the Holy War 'is .to tie Mahonunedan, what the ? .Iiast Prayer ( aith-present or faith absent) :, ' is to the Chru tian. The Sioux can stand \- - no more; th- 'efore, they are dancing to I, the ghosts of ? heir forefathers to arise and help them agiinst their enemies. Only : an Indian sn lerstition. Looking for a i; Messiah. W. iting for a Las Casas_ who will never com;. I wonder if the British £ pnblic realises that it is the Sioux them . selves who i re the ghosts dancing, j? Ghosts of a primeval race. Ghosts of ghosts who :w .800 years, through no crimes commi ted -by themselves (except ? that of being 1 orn), if it be not a crime to love better thi rustle of the grass than \- the shrieking nf the engine; have suffered j their long pm jatory. Ghosts who were men. The Messiah these poor people arc 5- : waiting for on ? poor people here in Lon don also look ior. But both will look in Tain. Justice will not come either to Cherry Creek, no, nor yet to Whitechapel. 1 The buffaloes have gone first, their hones whitening in le ig lines upon tlie. prairies, the : elk have retire I into the extreme deserts of % .Oregon, the be .ver is exterminated to make I jackets for the sweater's wife, the Indian t - must go next, and why not, pray ? Is he not of less v« ue than the other three; ' Let him make place for better things — for ; the drinking s'lop, for the speculator, for the tin church . Let him realise that' in the future, wb re he changed his peltries for beads and , Kjwder, two gills of whisky shall be sold {-: r a quarter. Men say the changeisgood 'but good is merely relative), perhaps good enough for him, but death, . ? indeed, for all g aost dancers. Civilisation, perhaps, one di v will remember them when the civilised Indians commercialism is creating are da acing round the flames of European Capitals: But Rocky Bear and the Little Won id. Short Bull, and Sleeping 'Water have hid enough, they have taken horse, mountit.!: light as drops of water (from the off-mde) silently, in single file, . never stopping but to squat and pass the jipe ronnd ; -S';h man'holding his pony by ?. ' the mecate, tb-y are marching on Cherry ? Creek. But tl e Kiowas, the Cheycnnes, the Araphoes, - he Comanches have braided their horses* i lanes. They (who before civilisation lo' *tl- one another as the dwellerg m' Li' desdale and Bewcastledale did of old) nre friends. _They have mounted their i'est horsed, they are coming through the da , they are coming through the night, acr ss the frozen praire (the ': dry grass hari ly crackling beneath the broncho's feet , they are passing the ; whispering wc kIs, coming' throngh the ? lonely canyoni . marching silently as ghosts on Cher y Creek,; across the lands that once were . heirs to take counsel with ?* the ghosts of those their former owners. Better that the) should come and'smoke .and dance, 'o.ince for ten days without food or water, *' jettcr far tliat they should die fighting, tb; n by disease and whisky. Outrages they ji ill commit, of that there is i a certainty, but all they can do can scarce \- - a tone for all t iat they and theirs liave suffered. Tricl. ed by all; outwitted, plun .. deredby.thejChiistian speculator, better far 'that they sliouli! die fighting, and join the ghosts who went before them. This I want the world to reo ignise, that even Indians ? do not contcmpl ite their own extermina tion without cen raries of snffering. We might have, tang ht them something, they might have ta- ght us. much ; soon they will be all forgot ten, and the lying tele grams will spea'i of 'glorious victories by ' our trodpa.' .' Cice more'sin will bo com : mitted in' tbe na ne of la w . ami progress. ; It is a hard casi to decide on, rio matter ' from what side ypu. approacliit ; thefc | men have lived I -o long, better, therefore, ^ they die fightii g. No one will regret' t ' them (but mysel ) — cxcept, perliaps, their conies, who'maj feel ; their new owners' bands heavy oi tho horsehair bridle, j | The majcxty of civilisation will be vindi cated, muy more step towards : tiniversaj r jhidoouspess attal'sd, nnd the Darwinian ' theory of the wiakestr to llip wall haye i ; received augtlier c ?mlinuatiou tp etrcngthcii ' ^ tliofe -who wmr. to ui-e it ogainst ,the 3 weakest here in ] lurope. _ , - ? 