MUSIC AND DRAMA. The concerts of the London Philharmonic Society were founded in 1813, and from that time to tho present the society lias, with varying fortunes, maintained a high standard of musical excellence. Bishop, Alcndclssohn, Moscheles and Costa were conductors of the orchestra during its earliest days, and many works that have since become famous and arc accepted as musical classics were written for and first performed at the concerts of tlie society. It is a good many years ago now since a little girl nine years of age played a violin con certo by De Beriot at 0110 of the concerts. This eiroumstinee was at the time the subject of unfavorable comment, and the. musical critic of the Alheiaeum poured forth his " righteous indignation " in these words : — " Tho programme of the seventh Philhar monic concert compels us to repeat with emphasis our recent strictures upon the strange policy of the directors. . . . With regard to the violin solo, no just person (even supposing that he does not hold our opinions regarding precocious aud prodigious exhibitions) could ap prove tho appearance of a child player, when Ernest and Molique have compositions to offer yet unknown— when Joachim is hero, the most promising genius of tlie day and signally improved since his last visit. . . Childish curiosity and indulgent ap plause — were they not destructive to their victim— are not the emotions to excite which the Philharmonic concerts were founded. An artistic exhibition is thereby sunk to one of those inane shows which persons of quality not nice in their pleasures may frequent, but from which tho thoughtful and accomplished recoil. Neither music nor morality (in tho high sense of the latter word) will accredit such puerile and catchpenny work." Whatever justice thero may he in these rather severe strictures as regarded from tho standpoint of the present day, there can be 110 doubt that the performance of tho youthful player in ques tion is au event which stands second to none as a point of interest in the history of the Philharmonic Society, for was it not the first appearance in an English concert-room of a violinist who was then known as Afdlle. Wilhehnine Ncruda, and whose name is now a household word with all musical Austra lians, and to whom so niuiiy will this even ing bid a reluctant farewell ? It is needless to explain that little Wilhelmino Ncruda of 40 years ago and the Lady HalliS of to-day are oue and tho same individual. In the most, recent issue of the World which lias reached us we read some rather piiquunt remarks concerning a performance of the " Ride of the Walkyries" by tho Richtcr orchestra. " G.B.S." says in the journal mentioned: — "I can unreservedly assure Richter that a more villainous performance of it never was heard before in St. Jamos'-hnll To offer lis such an orgie of scraping, screech ing, banging and barking as a tone picture of the daughters of Wotan was an outrage to Wagner. I have often enough done justice to Riehter's genius as an interpreter, both of tone, poetry, and of absolute music, to claim exemption from all suspicion of ill-will towards himself or his school ; but when it comes to depending on tlie reputation of the hand and tho con ductor to dispense with careful pre paration, and to snatch popular victories with exciting pieces like the ' Walkiiren- ritt ,' by dint of what I can only describe as instrumental ruffianism, then it is time for every critic whose former praise meant any thing but acquiescence in the fashion of admiring Richter to warn him that unless he promptly takes steps to bring the standard of quality of execution in his orchestra up to that set hy tho Crystal Palace orchestra, and the standard of exhaustive preparation up to thatset by tho wonderful performances of Ber lioz's works achieved here last winter by the Manchester band, ho will lose his old pre eminence in the estimation of all those who really know tho difference between thorough work and scamped work in performing orchestral music of the highest class." The " Alanchester band " is of course the orchestra of Sir Charles Halle, which has done so much in the cultivation of a love of orches tral music in the north of England, and the lack of appreciation bestowed this year upon the London concerts is responsible for the appearance in the Southern Hemisphere of the distinguished pianist and conductor. Sir Arthur Sullivan's opera " Ivanhoe " has prosed its 100th performance, a record not previously achieved by any grand opera. The portrait of M. Vail Dyk, a new tenor who had recently appeared in Gounod's " Faust " at the Covent Garden Theatre and who gave a spirited and, in some respects, a new reading of the title l'Ole, adorns the first page of the Pall Mall Budget for June 6. Gounod's " Romeo et Juliette" was given at Covent Garden on Tuesday evening (says tho Academy) with Mme. Alelba as tho heroine. Good vocalisation is always acceptable, and this one gets from tho Australian prima donna ; with more warmth and passion it would be still more acceptable. "R.U.E.," writing ill the Pall Mall of June 2, says : — " There are rumors of some trouble at the Savoy, for within tlie last few days 110 less important a person than Aliss Nellie Stewart, the freely heralded prima donna from Australia, has resigned the rOle of the heroine in Messrs. Dance and Solomon's now opera. The precise cause of this unhappy state of things has not trans pired, though it is whispered that tlie lady was grieviouslv vexed at tho discarding of the original title of ' The Nautuh Girl.' Presumably, as the Antipodean artist was to have played Beobee, tho Oriental danseusc in question, she imagined that her position would he lowered by.lhe fact of her being ousted from tiie title role. If this is the true reason, it is indeed a regretablc one. I have no exact knowledge of "Aliss Stewart's capa bilities, but I can assure her that the London critics and tho Loudon public — who are more important — are not in the habit of rating an operatic soprano one jot lower in the artiutiu scalo because tho name of the piece in which she appears does not happen to be identical with that of tho character played by her. Let us hope for an end of such absurd strife and a quick healing of oil difficulties." Golden Oaten publishes 1111 interesting sketch of Air. F. H. G'owen. "I think that if I were Air. G'owen," says the writer, " tho three things iu my lifo I should bo proudest of would he the Scandinavian Symphony, ' Thorgrim,' and the expedition to Mel bourne. Tho two works I have named ap pear to mo quite the best things done of their kind by Englishmen ; and as for Mr. Coweu's visit to Australia, as musical director of the Exhibition, you were not thero any more than I, and are, therefore, quite as well able to realise the splendid results possible of achievement by a man of his ability aud posi tion working on such virgin soil. To nave taken a nation's ta3te ill the cradle, so to say, and to have really begun its development, "is a thing that falls to few men. Had Air. Cowenwriten 110 note of music, lie would ho entitled to long and grateful remcmhranco for this splendid work. So I was wrong iu implying that nothing remarkable had ever happened to him." Ibsen has appeared in London once more, and, even his devoted worshippers allow, without much success. "The Lady by tho Sea" was produced at a series of matinees at Terry's Theatre, and proved infinitely more dull "than " Hedda Gublor," and, if not as objectionable in tone as " Ghosts" and others of " tlie Master's" pieces, at any rate as far removed from sympathy and human interest. The death is announced of Air. F. B. Jowsoii, the veteran professor of the piano at the Royal Academy of Alusic. Afr. Jew- son, two years since, owing to ill-health, re signed the professorship which he then had held at the Royal Academy of Music for close upon half a century, aiul retired into private lite. He was born in Edinburgh in 1823. He was a juvenile prodigy, and at the age of six gave his first concert. Before lie was 12 lie came to London and entered at tlie Royal Academy of Alusic, under IV. H. Holmes and Cipriani Rotter, and three years later he gained a King's scholarship. In 1840 he finished his term of tuition, and sub sequently became assist ant professor, and eventually a full professor of piauoforto playing. "A quarter of a century ago he was appointed one of the musicians in ordinary to her Alajcstv. Air. ,'lcwsou composed a large number of pianoforte pieces, a sonata, written about 1838, and a pianoforte concerto. He was 11 friend and acquaintaiicb of many of tho great pianists of hid day, and amongst others, of Chopin, Aloscheles aud Thalberg. In tlie forthcoming production of "Henry VIII.," which Air. Irving is preparing at the Lyceum, the incidental music will be specially composed hy Air. Edward German. The (lcatli is reported of Aliss Helen Leigh, the clover young American actress whose ex cellent. impersonation of the adventuress in " Little Lord Fuuntleroy " will always he pleasantly remembered. 