THE STORYTELLER I St. Katherine's by the Tower. By Waiter Besant. Chapteb XXII.— A SUDDEN CHANGE. George went back to the Press yard and the con demned cell, his end being now certain, and fixed for Monday morning. As for me, I was presently transported by boat under guard of two men belonging to my regiment (as I must now call it) of the Royal Marines. I sat between these two fellows and told myself that I must now put on the scarlet coat with the stiif white collar, the black hat with the white plume, the pipe-clayed shoulder-belt decorated with an anchor, aud that I must now learn to hold myself as upright as the Lieutenant, cany a musket and bayonet, and very likely go to sea a.ud fight the French/ By, great good fortune I had no fighting during my time of service. So I became a recruit, ana was placed in the awkward squad, and began to loam the drill. A man should begin soldiering early if lie would enjoy the work, But one must make the best of wliat cannot be avoided, and I hope that I became in a few weeks a tolerable soldier. The life of the rank and file is liard, but then they are born to endure hardness. The conversation that one hears is coarse, but then these fellows are accustomed to coarseness. After Newgate, indeed, it was almost pious. At first there was a certain prejudice against me, partly because I was a gentleman, and partly because these honest lads love not the smell of prison, which still clings to the gaol bird ; but they found me harmless, and this prejudice wore off. In tlie barracks there were no newspapers, and I heard for some time nothing of - what had happened. Moreover, as I was in some sort a prisoner, I had 110 liberty outside, and could not for some time learn any news* Presently, however, I procured a paper with n list of the hangings of that Monday morning wheu George was to have suffered. Heavens ! The name was not among them. Iu another place of the same paper I read as follows: — ' George Bayssallauce, the fortunate proprietor of Oak Apple Dock, lately mate of an East Indiamaii, who was to have been hanged for High Treason, has accepted (though at first he refused) his King's clemency, and goes out to Botany Bay for life. His dock is confiscated, and will be sold by the Crown. To a pretty market has this young man brought his pigs.' Afterwards, I learned what happened. George returned to the place from v.'hxa he was; brought showing the same resolution as before, and . the same unflagging cheerfulness. A condemned con vict may be reckless ; he often cracks joke - i especially in his cups) on the fate that awaits him : he may be penitent : he may be despairing : he may moan and lament : he may be insensible, until the last moment, ? as to his position ; but a condemned convict who is always cheerful, and apparently happy, is a thing wholly out of the common experience. No one had ever seen the like of such a convict. I suppose, .how ever, 'that George is the only man who ever expected hanging with happiness, because it was tlie will of the Lord, aud the only way to make his mistress happy. Nay : to all the persuasion aud exhortation of the Prebendary — whose advice at other times would have been a command — George turned an ear of mulish obstinacy, and in a matter of such vast importance as the Lord's will he pretended to know better than the learned Divine. It was still. ' By your leave, sir,' or. ' with submission, sir. I am inwardly assured that I am obeying orders. It is God's command, laid upon me to die — and it is not for me either to disobey or to choose the manner of my end.' In this extremity he was visited by Sister Katheriiie despite the Lieutenant, who wonld not so much as suffer his son's name to be mentioned any more than at the Master's house my name was tolerated. He had no longer a son. ' Try, iu the name of the Lord,' said the Preben dary. *' Move him, if you can. For my part, I cannot. The boy loved you always. Go, Sister Katherme.' The sight of the Press yard with its crowd of wretches, both bond and free, those who were to die and those who were to live a little longer, all drink ing and roystering together, filled her soul with terror. ' Take me. boy,' she cried, ' take mc frcr.i this j dreadful place.' ' We :have but small cho;rc,' George replied, j ' There is the day roc in. which is as crowded as the ! .Press yard. There is also my cell. We can sit there j retired enough, It is not, to lie sure, so cheerful as . your own parlour. Sister Kathcrine. But you Gin sit ' down on the bed. and at least you will not see tlie.se j poor wretches. I believe,' he added, ' that they are ? sometimes noisy : but I regard them not' ; beside. they are for the most part rogues, and will soon be | harlged — all of them — and drinking is their only plea sure, Since they will not repent, let them drink.' ' They are wretches ! Oh ! George— to think ? . Then she burst into tears. He led her to the gloom of his cell, and here she wept, bewailing all that had happened. When she recovered, she addressed herself to the task of per suading him to live. ' Oh ! my dear,' she said at last, when all had failed, holding him by the hand, ' my own boy George, of whom we have been so proud ! No one like our George in all the world — so good as well as so comely. And now, to think of it — oh ! only to think of it ! To end in Newgate — in this dreadful place ! ' To me it is not dreadful, because I know that it is the will of the Lord.' ' The will of the Lord The will of the Lord ! This is the hundredth time.' She fiuug away his hand and sprang to her feet. ' Who are you that you should know the will of the Lord better than tlie clergyman 'r' How do you know this will of the Lord ? Is it written 011 paper ? How has it come to you r AVI 1 at angel brought the message ? The Lord's will ! Not so. It is your will — your own wicked, masterful, obstinate will. Will is the cause of love, they sav. Well, ' He that will not when he may, When lie wills he shall have nay.' For the gii-l's sake, say you. Ho\v will it help the poor girl when she recovers — if ever she does recover — to know that you flung away your life for a silly whim ? Lord's will, indeed ! Oh ! grant me patience ! ' She sat down on the bed again, wringing her hands. '-Who shall persuade this mule — this stubborn ass — this boy with a bpe in his bonnet? Women, pigs, and bees cannot be turned, they say. What? You think Sylvia will be pleased to hear that you have been hanged by the neck, and your bones an anatomy at Surgeon's Hall ! Why, sprrow comes unseat for, as we all know : 'but sorrow pays uo debt. Grant me patience ! ' Truly,' said George. ' I r.m right sorry to anger yon.' 'Anger? Anger? The l»r'y i* g'ing to lie hanged by the neck till he is dead, and lie thinks he will anger ? me.- Child ! it kills me.' -I feel Thy r»pe vmind'iuy own neck : I am ashamed to stir abroad : tlie rogues of St. Katherine's Stairs look after inc. They say. ? There is the woman whose nephew is to lie linnged o' Monday,' It kills your father. None of us can hold up our heads any more, that is certain. We never can ; we are ruined. And he talks of angering us ! ' ' It is worse for you than it is for me,' said George, 'because Iain doing the Lord's will ; but you ? ' ' Oh ! ' she cried. ' Again ! He says it again ! Never was there any man before who wanted to be ?hanged. Art afraid of growing old — that thou must be hanged when thou art young? Yet half -an - hour's hanging hinders five weeks' riding, as they say. But it is no use talking. Yet, to young and old alike, life is sweet ; while there is life there is hope. What ? Oh ! it is horrible ! it is dreadful ! There are no words for this madness. ' The Lord's will ! Tlie Lord's will ! ' Oh ? ' ' Not madness,' said George, ' but sober sense.' ' It is witchcraft,' said Sister Katherine. ' I said so at the veiy outset, and I say so again. It is witch craft, rank witchciaft — such witchcraft as I never thought to see iu my lifetime. First, it is Sylvia who is bewitched. She must hate the man she loves. Then it is the lover who is bewitched. He must die to make her well again. Well ? What is it to be well ? It is to love him again — and he is dead. What health is this ? Then the poor boy Nevill is bewitched, and he must needs turn the world topsv-turvv, aud so brings his own neck into danger, and now wears the King's uniform, and carries a pike on board ship as a marine. There's a tine end to come to ! Aud now thou art so mulish that nothing will serve but ? Oh ! lad, lad — George, my George ? ' She changed her note, and burst into weeping and sobbing. ?' Live, my dear. Only consent to live, aud Sylvia will recover. Consider, thou must go away out of her sight. She will recover ; and perhaps, even yet, all will be well, though I know not yet. But live— if it is at the otb^r end of the world, among the naked savages — live. Oh'! my boy, thou must not die before me. Live ! Still 'tis day while the sun shines. Only live — only con sent to live ! ' He was much moved by her tears and importunity — more moved than by anything that had been said to him. But he remained in his mulishness. It was tho Lord's will. He could not fly in the facc of the Lord's will : and, for Sylvia's sake, death was nothing. ? So she sat weeping in the dark cell for awhile longer, and then. came away. That was Saturday afternoon. On the Monday he niu?t die. But there was to lie one more suppliant, who w.iul'l move his heart and chauge his iniud. You have seen how the mau Richard Archer con verged with the old woman, aud what grand things f 'Oh! my dear,' she said at last, when all had failed, holding him by the hand, 'my own boy George, of whom we have been so proud! To think of it — oh! only to think of it! To end in Newgate— in this dreadful place !' — Chaptee XXII. she promised him. You know what she thought ; how she laid the whole burden of these woes upon an Evil Eye aud an Evil Heart. I repeat that I have never been able to believe that any man should have so much power entrusted to him. We ought not to be beve such things. They are pagan ; they belong to the days of superstition ; they consist not with the doctrines of the Christian Church. But things which happened must be related in due order. It was on the Wednesday evening that he held the discourse with the wise woman. On Thursday morn ing he visited the Proctor, of whom mention has been made. After this lie attended the Chapter, and be haved with the strange insolence of which you have heard. On the same day he took his mother away with him, and returned no more. On Friday morning Sylvia, who had gone to bed heavy and melancholy, as was her wont, slept all night long and into the morning. At 7 her mother ! found her sleeping, and left her, being unwilling to disturb her. At 9 she was still asleep, and at 10. Towards noon she awoke. Usually she awoke with a start and a sense of pain, which only increased as she returned to consciousness ; usually she awoke with a memory of evil dreams and the foreboding of a miserable day. This morning she awoke gently, with the sweetness of a night undisturbed, and — what next ? She sat iip in bed and looked around her, wondering. She rubbed her eyes. What had hap pened ? For the felt a strange sense of relief. Her head was light again ; her heart was light : her limbs were light. She was frightened. She cried aloud. ' Ah ! mother, mother — what is it ? What is hap pening to me ?' ' Child!' Her mother ran to take her hand. 'What is happening? Oh! I know not. Is there new pain ?' ' No — No ? What is it ? I feel no pain, but pleasure. I feel light again. The pain i6 gone. Mother, am I dying ? Is this the beginning of Mveet Heaven ? I feel light again, and happy. I can speak. Something has been taken away frcm me. Am I dying ?' ' I know not. Oh ! my dear, I know not.' ' Where is George? If I am to die, let me die with mv hand in his ! ' ? . ' Mv dear, why talk of dying? There is a colour in 4],,- rheeks again. Ihv head is cool. Thy pulse is reaular. Death ? Nay. I think, rather, it is life.' She brought out a bottle and gave her a few drops of cordial. Svlvia drank, and sat upright. ' If this is death ? ' she murmured, waiting for her last moment. But while she waited she became aware that not the chill hand of death, but the warm breath of re turning life was upon her. For the first time for six mouths her cheek was touched with colour, her eyes were soft, her head was held crect. '? Mother.' she said, ' I 'shall not die, but live. I have been— I know uot how— ill some strange dream, that has held me, and tilled my mind '—she shud dered— ' spectres and wicked words, and— aud— I cannot remember. I have loathed to look upon Oeorn^e Now all are gone. Oh ! will they come TrTck'Vaiii0 Mother, mother, call George to me— quick — quick — before they return ! There is none but George who can save me. Oh ! bring him soon. Where is he ? Where is he ?' Her mother fell on her knees, and raised her hands. 'Oh, Lord God!' she said, humbly. 'We thank Thee — we praise Thee — oh, we thank Thee — ' and so over and over again, being beside herself for joy and gratitude, and not able to find any other words. Pre sently she called her husband, and sent for Sister Katlierine, and they all rejoiced together. Then she must be fed so as to become strong, aud they made an egg-posset for her, and watched while she took it how her thin arms seemed to fill cut, and her wan face to brighten, and her lips and eyes began to smile, catching each other by the hand, with joyful ejacu lations and words of thanksgiving that the child was raised from the dead. Then she arose aud dressed herself, and came down' stairs, walking strong and upright. And while thev all rejoiced together the good Prebendary arrived, full of sorrow ever George's cbrtinacy, and he must leam what had happened, and must share in the general , j°.V 'But George — where is George?' she asked again. ' My child,' said the Prebendary, as he looked at the others, and no one spoke. ' Much has happened since the strange and unexampled illness fell upon you.' 'Witchcraft!' said Sister Katherine, stoutly. ' Talk not to her of illness. Witchcraft, I say, even in your presence, Prebendary. Witchcraft.' ' Indeed,' said my mother. ' It becomes not a simple woman to believe more than is allowed and enjoined by her spiritual pastors and masters, but witchcraft it seems to me. Nothing less than witch craft will explain it.' '? For aught we know,' said the clergyman, 'de- moniac possession may be permitted again in these latter days. Perhaps it has been suffered to continue from primitive times. Nay, in the Middle Ages, we read of exorcisms and the casting out of devils, a thing which we have been too ready, perhaps, to set dewn among the superstitious fables and beliefs of the time. However, for the moment let us not con sider the cause, while we solemnly thank the Father of All fcr His great mercy in restoring to life one who was well-nigh like unto the dead. Leam, my child, without further explanation, that George is now in grievous trouble aud in great peril of his life.' ' Gecrge in trouble ?' ' Briefly, the presumptuous boy took it upen him * self to constiue a wild fancy of the brain into an express assurance of the Lord's will. He had the temerity, I say, to believe that the Lord, who hath spoken once for all through His own Son and the Apostles for the guidance of Holy Church, did actually speak to him, and ordered' him to throw away liis life.' Sylvia understood uot one word of tliis. *' He l-elicvcd. in pliort, that the only way to securc tliy recovery, child, was lr'mself to lose' his own life.' ' Oh ! George would die for me — he would die for me?' Sylvia murmured, clasping her hand: 'fcr my unwerthv sake ?' ' I say that he conceived this belief, and still holds it. He is not a reprobate or a castawav, and, there fore, he would not commit suicide ; but he would, and did, expose his life to every danger. And, as each in succession was encountered with no hurt to himself at all — each escape being, rightly interpreted, a Pro vidential rebuke — he braved the wrath of Heaven to such a height as to lead a riot in the streets of London, - a mob of disorderly wretches bawling for the overthrow of the King, the Constitution, and the Church.' ' George lead a mob ?' ' Even so — wherefore he now lies in Newgate Gaol.' ' George in Newgate Gaol ?' ' And under sentence of death ! The King's clemency he hath refused — for thy sake, Sylvia — and, if he still remains stubborn, he must die on Monday.' Then Sylvia arose. She who but yesterday was so weak that she could not stand was now strong and able to walk and endure fatigue. Love lent her strength. ' Let me go to him. Oh ! ' — she laughed and cried together — ' it was for my sake. Who would think that a man would die for the sake of a foolish girl?' ' They are so made,' said Sister Katherine. 'Sit down, child. I will go to the prison and carry George the good news. Sit down and rest, and get strong again.' ' I am strong — I am strong and well. Let me go to him at once. Oh, let him suffer no longer. None but I must save him from the death he would have for me. Oh ! — let me go. Let me bid him live— rand if he can still find it in his heart to love the unhappy girl who has caused this trouble ? ' ' Child,' said the Prebendary, solemnly, ' I, too, will go with thee. Thou shalt take to this thy lover the life and healing which GOD hath placed in thy hands for him.' Chaptee XXIII.— GEORGE GIVES WAY. It was growing towards twilight on Saturday after noon. The press-yard and the dayroom were filled with a crowd of tlie frieuds and relations of the con demned convicts, many of whom were to suffer on the Monday monuug. As the days of executio approaches, the friends of those about to' die crowd more thickly round them, thinking iu a rude but hearty fashion to console their last hours by the assurance of friendli ness. by the sympathy of their presence, and by con tinual gifts of strong liquor. Besides friendship, they are actuated by the .curiosity of impending fate ; round each miserable gallows bird, converted- for the nonce into a hero, is gathered a crowd of admirers ; they applaud his braggart resolution — his assumed recklessness — they exhort him to show as bold a front outside the prisou as he maintains in the Press Yard — let there be no falliug-off at the last moment : let him approach the presence of his Judge with a laugh aud an oath. 'So they fortify him with eveiy consolation except the only one of real use. Everybody knows what such people say. We must all die once, to-day or to-morrow, it is small odds which. Let us be thankful for a longish rope ; your turn to-day, brother, mine tomorrow. A short life and a merry one Pass the pannikin; keep it up to the end. Why such a day as this brings out a man's true friends. Saw one ever such a crowd to say good bye ? It shows the greatness of the hero. The world will look out on Monday morning, when there will be a gathering to do honour to the occasion, such as was never seen before but at a Coronation. Many a younger man has gone before. It is a good thing to remember what a long spell has been 'your lot. 'To be hanged is no worse, hut a great deal better than to die of a putrid throat or a rheumatic fever. If every body had his choice, all would die by hanging when they could no longer live in pleasure. Hanging — mere banging in the air by the neck — is reported by those who have been cut down, half -hanged, as not painful but pleasing ; they have spoken of sweet sounds, as of music m the ears, and of a falling to sleep, aud of fancies such as that one is borne upwards on feathery clouds like downy beds, or lying in soft waters, or floating in a bark down a gentle stream. Such talk as this g0e3 on for ever in that dismal place : while all the time the bottle or the tankard passes rouud till the poor wretches lose their wits, aud forget the part that on the morrow they must play. One more day, and then the last look at the light of the sun. One more chance of repentance — one more service of prayer and contrition in the chapel, and then the funeral service read before them when they shall walk in procession through the little portico. I think that, however much a condemned convict may drink, he can never quite forget his doom. I have seen one at his very worst, when he reels and cannot speak or stand, suddenly grow ashy pale, and tremble, and pass his hands over his eyes. He has seen before him the gibbet, he has seen the dangling rope. His looks are haggard, though his words are brave ; his eyes roll iu wildness, though he professes to have no fear ; because that terrible vision never leaves him. At the end of the narrow yard, apart from the rest, George stood alone leaning against the wall. You m:ght have taken him for a spectator — one wholly unconcerned with the place, and pleased to watch the humours of the crowd— but for his irons. On his face was stamped — not a brazen, insensibility of one too stupid to be moved by any terror — but a calm serenity , a cloudless cheerfulness, as of a soul at perfect peace with its Maker and itself ; one who knows that death is best for lnm, and ordered by she Lord as the means by which his mistress is to recover. .N ay, his veiy face shone in this dark court as if the rays of the sun fell upon him — it was glorified by the strength of his faith. And as for tha noisy crowd around him, he looked upon them with eyes that saw, and saw not. Those eyes of his really saw, and had seen for a long tune, nothing but a thin pale girl, propped by pillows aud cushions, wasting n. way in her chair, silent and sad, until the knell of St. Sepulchre's, which rang him into liis grave, should ring her again to life and joy. A strange fancy of the brain ! But I have told you all along that this is a strange book — the history of a marvel. This serenity, however, was to be disturbed : this cheerfulness was to be changed, and that in a maimer tbe most unexpected of any. 'George!' He heard liis name called and lie lifted his head, because he knew the voice, aud be thought that the call came from that spectre of the sick girl in the chair. '? George ! '* Again he moved uneasily, because the voice sounded so clear and strong, and the sick girl of his . imagination showed no sign of motion aud was cer tainly not calling him. Before him, unregarded, stood two gentlewomen ; one middle-aged and somewhat short of stature, fat, aud well-nourished, as the physicians say ; the other a tall slight figure, wrapped in a shawl aud her face covered by the flap of her hat. As he moved not and made no sign, she tossed back her hat and laid her hand in his and looked up. Then he started and saw her and recognised her. Heavens ! It was Sylvia's voice : it was Sylvia's face : it was the touch of Sylvia's liaud. Xot Sylvia as he saw her last, shrink iug from hiin with eyes of loathing ; but his own Sylvia : meeting liis eyes with looks of love and sweetness. Oh ! the love in. those tender eyes ! The sweetness of those blue eyes ! The refreshment their soft light to his poor shipwrecked soul ! Sylvia ! Sylvia standing before him restored, and in her right mind ! At this unexpected sight he could not speak. He gazed as one in a dream— nav, he thought at first that it must be a ghost or image of that sweet lady sent by Heaven's grace to comfort his soul before it should leave its earthly clay. Amidst the noise and ribaldry -if the scene around* him, who could expect that such ft sight could be aught but a vision ? She t jok his silence for reproach* ' George ! ' she cried agiiu, ' have you 110 word of welcome for me ? Am T clean forgotten ? Nay — nay, I deserve this silence, and more. Oh, George!' she threw herself upon her knees aud caught his hand. ' Forgive me — oli ! forgive me, my dear. I have been mad : some evil spirit held my soul. But he has now left me — never to return. Oh ! my poor dear, 'tis I — none other — run the cause of all. Forgive me ! ' But, for reply, he only stared, with open mouth. Remember that he was entirely possessed with the belief that no other way was open for Sylvia's recovery save through his own death. It was the madness of love. He still thought of the girl, pale, feeble, sitting among her pillows in her arm-chair. There, he had fully persuaded himself, she would sit until his death, when she would instantly recover. Well, he was not yet dead ; he had about thirty hours still to live, and yet she was before him, tbe colour returned to her cheek, and her eyes bright with love and sorrow aud self-reproach ! Therefore, he thought that he was dreaming or gone mad. 'George,' said Sister Katherine, seizinghisarm and shaking him, ' have you become blind and deaf and dumb Why, here is your old sweetheart 011 her knees before you. Look at her, man — as plain as a packsaddle ! 'What ? — where is now the Lord's will ? You must die for Sylvia to recover— must you? Nothing short would serve — oh! nothing short of that. You must die! Oh, for patience !' She shook him again by the arm. ' George !' cried the girl again. ' You must hang for her to get well ! 'Twas the Lord's will !' She kept on shaking him with both hands, because Sister Katherine being^ little, and George being big, all her efforts shook him hut little. ' ' Look at her, man ! Why— is he mad ? Does he think she is a ghost ? ' Look, I say — take her hand. Stand up, Sylvia ; give him both thy hands. So, stoop down, great fool, and kiss thy sweetheart.' With these words Sister Katherine recalled him to his senses. He obeyed. He stooped and kissed her — once — twice — thrice — 'Sylvia!' he said, 'what does this mean? In the name of God, tell me what does it mean ?' 'It means that you will' live and not die,' said Sister Katherine. 'Quick! send for the Governor, make submission before it shall be too late. Oh ! hasten ! hasten.' ' George does not understand, as yet,' said Sylvia, gently. ' Take me out of this noisy place, George ; l ike me to some place where we can talk, and I will tell you what it means.' He led her to his own cell. 'Twas next to that where liy a murderer doomed to die on the Monday. He was guarded by two warders, and made to live on bread and water. His groans and lamentations could be plainly heard in the next cell. Sister Katherine remained 'a t the door while those hapless lovers talked within. Was there ever heard of so strange a place for the renewing of love as a condemned cell in New gate? What they said matters nothing. When they came out, presently, Sylvia's face was full of joy and happi ness. George it was who now looked troubled ; he who liad hitherto shown no sign of anxiety, now trembled in his limbs, and his face showed every mark of eager ness and disquiet — even of terror. ' Well?' said Sister Katherine. ' What shall we say now of the Lord's will ?' 'I must hasten to accept the King's clemency,' said George. ' Let me see the Governor quickly.' ' The Prebendary is now with him. There will be 110 delay.' 'I stifle in this place, I cannot breathe. The air chokes me,' he cried, who an hour before had been the most cheerful liabitant of the prison. 'The company of these wretches drives me mad. Sjlvia! my dear, this place is not proper for thee. Leave me until I can in some fitter spot ? ' ' Nay, George, what is fit for you is fit for me.' What more? That evening he sat again in his former room on the State side, with two of his former ? companions, the Templar and the Oxonian, who were completing their term of imprisonment, his irons were knocked off ; he was once more a free man — if thatr. can be called freedom when one is taken to the hulks, there to abide until the next transport shall set sail for tlie convict settlement across the ocean. It was about three weeks later, that I, being still in Deptford Dockyard, received the news that I was ordered for active service. At the same time I received . a letter from the Prebendary, my patron. | ' I have been succesful,' he told me, in procuring your appointment to a company of marines going out i as a guard on a convict ship and as garrison of the convict settlement of Botany Bay. This appointment will at least save you from the dangers of war. I have also made some interest in your behalf with the officers under whom you serve. 'You may rely upon lenient treatment and on such consideration as is pos- j sible for one in your position. I need not point out to you the necessity of keeping silence on those political opinions— those Republican doctriues — which I hope you have finally abandoned : and I hope I need not exhort you to a cheerful and ready obedience to the rules of the service andthe discipline of the ship. j ' I have now to convey to you the good news that your sister Sylvia has recovered her health of mind and her strength of body as miraculously and suddenly as she lost them both. This took place two days before that appointed for George's execution. The new asr-ect of things restored him also to a true sense of his position ; he made haste to accept the King's clemency, and is now lying in the . hulks awaiting his transportation to the same place whither you are bound. The dock at Redriff which we, in our short ness of vision, expected wouldmake so handsome a pro - vision for him and his family, is now confiscated, and will he sold by the Crown ; he himself is transported to the new settlements for the whole term of his natural life. How this will end as regards Sylvia I know not yet ; perhaps he may, at some not distant date, should he be preserved from the perils which await him, obtain a remission of this sentence : but that will certainly not be yet. 'When your term of service expires you mu6t re turn straightway. It may be that the righteous auger of your father will then be softened, and that he will be disposed to forgiveness ; at present he cannot so much as bear to think that his only son should have l»een tried for High Treason. ' If an opportunity arrives of sending letters home, do not fail to keep me acquainted with news of your welfare. Through me you can also communicate with your mother and your sister. 'The settlement whither you are both bound is laid down on the maps as it was examined by the greatest of circumnavigators as part of a prodigious great island or continent, which may very well be considered as the long-sought-for Terra Australis, or southern country, but I know not of what extent is the settlement itself. Should you happily meet George, I hope that you will exhort each other to patience aud the endurance of hardships in that foreign land. 'Farewell, my son. I pray that these trials may lead thy heart still upwards. Neglect not the duties and discipline of the Church, and amid naked savages, wild beasts, and ton-id heats, remain resigned, patient, i and of a good heart. ' The ship on which I was placed was the Golden ] Grove, 450 tons, one of the transports purchased by ! the Government. She had 011 board a full comple- j inent of sailors and a guard of marines, consisting of the captain, two lieutenants, two sergeants, two corporals, one drummer, and thirty-six privates — of whom I was one. She was fitted for the accommoda- j tion of two hundred aud five convicts, who were provided with hammocks on the lower deck, slung j side by side, so that at night the lying would be closer than is pleasant. As yet the convicts had not come j on board, nor any of our officers except a single i lieutenant of marines. The Golden Grove was one of a fleet of six transports to be convoyed by H.M.S. Dasdalus, aud the number of convicts to be sent out was in all over eight hundred. When all was readv, the prisoners were brought 011 board from the hulks, where they lay waiting for their embarkation. They came alongside in boats well guarded, and a miserable-looking company they were, unshaven, unwashed, pale with the long con finement in prison, ragged, and half -fed. Some of them, though we were supposed to take none with us but the able-bodied and the strong, were so reduced that they had to be carried up the companion. Sea sickness-finished off most of them a few days later. My post, while they embarked, was on the top of the ladder, armed with a loaded musket and fixed bayonet. Now, as the men came up one after the other, I espied among them — indeed, I was not surprised at all — none other than George himself. He who had gone through the horrors of the condemned cell with cheerfulness and no apparent loss of health, now, when there was no longer a gallows at the end, came slowly up the ladder, the pale ghost of himself. Fever was on his brow, and misery in his eyes. His convict garb shamed him; the companions among whom he had to pass his days and nights shamed him ; his exile weighed upon him. He who had faced death cheerfully 'because he was dying for Sylvia, was now in danger of despair because he was going to the uttermost parts of the earth without her. ? ' Coinage, George !' I whispered as he passed. He started. He hardly knew me in my uniform — stiff and pipeclayed. ' Do uot speak,' I went on. ' Cheer up, Weare on board the same ship ; we shall find an opportunity : we are bound to be in the same place.' ' Pass on, prisoners. Pass 011 — ' cried the sergeant. (To be continued.) 