THE WILl) VEST WIN)D. (Dn.LY NEws.) The gale that with scanty warning burst upon us early in the week was quite in keep ing with the character of the month. October has earned itself an ill repute for rough weather. The historical groat storm -the gale that overthrew the first Eddystone lighthouse, destroyed a million pounds' worth of property in London alone, and sank six British war ships at their moorings-was late on in November. But it was in October, four years later, that Sir Cloudesley Shovel's squadron was lost among the rocks of Suilly. The fatal gale that drove the Royal Charter ashore on the coast of Auglesea was in October, while the tom. pestuous weather of this week is almost exactly on the anniversary of the great storms of 1877 and 1881. The landscape will wear quite a different look when these stormy days arc past. Already the trees are stripped of half their foliage. In the air there is a very rain of falling leaves. The woodland oaths are strewn with the tattered draperies of ash and elm, of beech and sycamore. Every gust that tosses the white poplar scatters now flakes of silver on the grass, while fiery leaves of creeper are whirled like flames across the murky sky. In the open spaces of the wood, -theleaves dead Are driven, like ghosts from anenchanter llceng. Overhead rattle the dismantled boughs. The great trees bend to the fury of the storm. 1. Ieow l the haughty forest brotkers lend and trembl!--how they fall How they cling on one another's Arms !-eaci crushes each and smother,e Till, taegled 'strangled, down come all; And the wild winds throuhea the ruin Are howling, hissing, andhsallooilg. With redoubled fury the tide comes roaring up the beach. Over outlying rooks thunder the great surges, and when a fiercer wave leaps high over the dark reef \- the wild winds lift it in their grasp, And hold it p, and eshke it like a fleece. The dark line of seaweed that, like the figure of some mighty serpent, follows the windings of the shore, grows with each flow ing tide. For When descends on the Atlantic The gigantic Sterm-wind of the equinox, Landward in hiiwrath lie scourgos The telling surges Laden with seaweed front the lsuks. And floating slowly in amoong. the idrfting. sea wrack, or hurled up high and dry upon the shingle, broken spars, all scarred and splintered with battering on the rookse, tell all too plainly of wrecks upon the main, Of shi;, dismasted, that were hailed, And sent no answer back again. Too often, alas! the ebbing tide leaves yet sadder jetsam on the shore-white, still figures, lying face down upon the yellow sand; to be lifted reverently, perhaps, but yet by strange hands, and committed with brief rites to the corner of the ancient grave yard round "the liltle grey church on the windy hill," where the low, green, nameless ridges are the sole memorials of lost mari. nero. On these wild nights, when we lie awake and listen to the storm ; when it howls about the gables and shakes the windows in their frames; when, above the rush of the rain, we hear Ever wilder, fiercer, grander, Like the trumnpels of Iokander, All the noi.y chimneys blow; let us bestow more than a mere passing thought of pity on the thousands of poor souls who " toil for us, bleed for us, hunger and sorrow and sin for us," afloat upon the wild North Sea. On these nights, itmay be, laony a brave ship is driving through the black impenetrable darkness; dismantled, dismasted, helpless, honeless, drifting to her doom. Thleso are nights when it is well to think of the gallant lifeboat crews that face unflinchingly the angry waves. 