The Sioux War The Indian troubles which are now distracting tho South Dakota territory indicate one of the closing scenes in a great National drama, and it is to be bitterly regretted that it does not present the men of our own race and color in a less unfavorable light. The present outbreak is by no means an unexpected one, since for months past there have been significant portents of the approaching disturbance. The Sioux are the tribe which, from their cumber and warlike instincts, have of late years given the States Government the greatest amount of concern, and not entirely because of Indian delin quencies. Constituting a great con federacy of tribes, they at one time occupied a vast extent of territory on both sides of the Mississippi ; and in the inevitable conflict with the whites, though steadily driven back, they provod themselves enemies — and often victorious enemies — worthy of all respect for their conspicuous bravery. In coming to terms with them the usual course of Indian policy was adopted, by an expenditure of lavish promise which tided over present diflir cultie3, and by the violation of which was sown the seed of future troubles. By mutual consent reservations were allotted to them which they were assured should be theirs 'while the sun rose, while grass grew, and water ran,' and the faith kept with them is' attested by the fact that between 1815 and 1855 no less than ten treaties were executed, by each of which the Sioux were shorn of future territory. As one result of these constant aggressions the tribe went on the warpath in 1862, when the North and South were en gaged in deadly conflict, and committed frightful atrocities among the scattered farming population of Minnesota. The unfortunate settlers were visited, with all the horrors of Indian warfare, and men, women, and; children were slaughtered and scalped' according to the ruthless; wont !of their savage adversaries.; The latest 'date at which the tribe attracted atten-, jtion was when, in 1875, a military ex pedition was sent against them and Sitting Bull so completely out- generalled ^Colonel Ouster on the'Littlo Horn that the cavalry command of the latter was utterly exterminated, and there was a tempeatjof execration aroused by ' the 'inhuman massacre.' To blame the Whites for these incessant outbreaks seems to be but adopting the canting tdne of those mock philanthropists ?Who 'can only 'see in such conflicts a white aggressor and a colored victim. In thia matter, however, there is on re cord the official report of General Pope, that in no outbreak. he had investigated Were the Indians' the first offenders. ;'' Gross outrages, knavery on the , part !of the Government agents, and not un frequently deliberate provocation from jtiioae who ; hoped to profit by the [plunder of .the Indians' herds of horses, '.or by. the contracts to supply . the itroops; ' with provisions, are,' 'says a recent correspondent of ' the London 'Standard, 'among tho princi pal causes which have lit up. tho 'frontier with the blaze of houses fired by Iiiaiansi-on'tlio '.war path.'1 With; ?respeotLto. the premonitory signs of the present outbreak there has been much 'disquietude for some time post over the ' Messiah crazo' which has broken but among the tribes — a religious fanaticism 'which has for its base the oxpocted 'early , advent of an .Indian Messiah who will help them' to exterminate the i whites.' 'The 'superstition has been accompanied by' ghost dances,' which the Government Agents have inter dicted, and in the disobedience of this interdict the rebellious intent was'first manifested., . '.Complaints have also 'been made. by the Indians of military aggression on the reserves, and undue interference with' Indian afiairs, and it is feared 'that - the 'disaffection ,is, ?? so widespread that the end will mean but little less than the extinction of the allied tribes. No other result can follow the revolt of 30,000 against 60,000,000, and how ruthlessly the piocess of extermination has 'been 'commenced the telegrams to hand 'abundantly testify. That the retri bution -which followed the first hostile attack upon the settlers should have been prompt and heavy was but natural and judicious. In the attempt of the captives to escape which re sulted in their decimation and the death of Sitting Bull, a man familiar with frontier lighting, may read a common and not at all times a creditable incident. But in the slaughter detailed under date of the 30th ult., there is — if the message be correct — a summary of most foul and brutal massacre. It is stated that 100 Indians who were being disarmed suddenly attacked 500 cavalry and killed 20, whereupon the white savages, with superior malignity, fell on the Indian camp and slaughtered the whole lot, two-thirds being women and chil dren, while of the entire camp only six infants escaped. Such a record stamps the butcher regiment with indelible disgrace. When Sitting Bull surprised Ouster's command and out it to pieces, his braves fell on armed men who were seeking them out with hostile intent, and who simply met -wi'th the fortunes of war. Yet, who is there who cannot remember the howl of indignation that arose over this 'most inhuman massacre ?' When does it happen that native troops achieve a slight success over European soldiers without evoking similar exclamation ? Yet here is a case in which women and children are butchered in hundreds by white soldiers who outnumbered their' entire count at least two to one, and not only is the lugly word massacre strictly avoided, 'but Bonrcely a line has been written in denunciation of such fiendish fercaity. That the Sioux, the Shoshone, the Cheyenne, and the other tribos included in the Confederacy will be well nigh exterminated before this trouble ends is highly probable j but if they are to be succeeded on their reaei-vatiou by the men who have thus couuaenced the work, humanity will profit little by the substitution of white savages for red ones. 