S»MII©M'SSECRET; OR, : A FALSE POSITION. By. ADELINE SERGEAET, Author of 'The Great Mill-street Mystery,' ' J&oobi;'s-Wife,' 'Under False Pretences,' 'No Saint,' ' A Life Sentence,' 'Deveril's l-f£IBOBd,M&e.;, &C.; (PuUkbedJ)}- special arrangements with the author. ( All rights reserved.] - €haptee XV. — After Seven Yeaks. 'Well, Mr. Watson, ami what is your repert?' JtwaeLady Kesterton who asked the ques tion.. She -was sitting in her bondoir— the room where she had. once interviewed Elfrida, aad where she now interviewed the family solicitor. ' It wa&a; pretty room with sea-green walls and hangings — not now the shade exactly becoming to Lady Kesterton's complexion, but charming enough in itself— -ind Mr. Watson, sitting rst^ upon the edge of a fragile chair, felt nimeelf j», little out of place in so elegant an a°w» ?«? wo children, a boy audagirL were gajBtoUmg on a rug at Lady Kesterton's feet. I **Xf8- kad.y Kesterton, I saw the young lady [rpersen- was the word that formed itself °5B!?':ra1r £-iateftoB£ U^ but she did not j utter it aloud] and I thought her very— welL verapfeasanfc very ladylike, very charming.' ! Mr. Watson's epithets were not perhaps of the ?' meet appropriate order. ? ' Good looking *r ' asked the lady. 'lithiub I may say so. Good looking, cer tainly.' Lady Kesterton made a mental note against Klfrida and against Mx. Watson too. 'ISbe was very plain when I saw her last,' j she remarked. 'I suppose she wae pleased ?awe^t.to get the invitation f ! MK Watson bungled. ' I am sure she mu.tt ! hawaidtit— an honor — a distinction.'' J 'Ujd-efctj say that rim wa~ i-1.e.v-*di~;;-.«ke-J. Lady JfcBsitstoi -esJmly. 'WuB, eo, e!:-€ did sob ir..~Sii* tne remark exactly, but hei bretiitr— her brother wa* de lighted.'' ' It matters very }-ttle what that poor, de formed, half -vri tied brother of hers says. I wished to know Miss Paaton:s attitude of mind. If she is not properly grateful I shall consider that she must have a very bad disposi tion/' 'I am sure she has not that,1' said 5Ir. Watson cautiously. *? But here, I think, U Sir Anthony.' He rose from his chair and pushed it back as if anxious to take his departure, while Sir Anthony, in his dressing-gown, lounged un ceremoniously into lnVAyife'a boudoir and seated himself in a lounging chair near the small wood fire. The day was not cold, but Sir Anthony's circulation was bad and he was apt to feel chilly. He turned his face — yellow- white now and somewhat peevish — towards the solicitor, surveyed him sharply out of his narrow eyes and fingered his long grey moustache as he spoke. ' Well, Watson, back from your expedition, are you? What result?' 'There was only one result to be looked for, ' said Lady Kesterton sharply. 'Of course, the girl is only too glad to come/' Sir Anthony gave Mr. Watson a keen glance and did not read confirmation of his wile's ; statement in the old man's rosy yet grizEled countenance. He laughed a little to himself and Mr. Watson looked exceeding ill at ease. : ' Accepted gratefully, did she ? enquired the baronet 'I hardly expected so much grace from her. She had a curious knack of flying into a rage when she was a child ; but perhaps she has learnt to govern her temper now — is more inclined to be humble and submissive, and say, ' Thank you for all favors,' eh, Watson ? Is that the latest development ? Mr. Watson involuntarily shook his head. ; ' 1 was there for two days only, Sir Anthony, and of course I could not form auy definite idea as to Miss— Miss Elfrida's modes of thought. She seemed to me very charming and accomplished and in every way worthy of the greatest good fortune. I think I must bid you good morning, Lady Kesterton ; good morning, Sir Anthony.' He escaped as quickly as possible and only just missed hearing Lady Kesterton's com ment upon him as he closed the door. 'The man is a fool or in his dotage,' she exclaimed. Sir Anthony again laughed softly to him self. 'He always was somewhat puzzle headed, poor old Watson, and his wits do not grow sharper with age. He seems greatly taken with Elfrida Paston.' *' It is to be hoped that she has not grown up idle and frivolous,' said Lady Kesterton severely. ' for a girl who has to earn her own living ? ' 'Well?5 asked Sir Anthony, his eyes twinkling as she paused. ' For a girl who lias to earn her own living, what then ?' ' She should be plain, and quiet, and dis creet. From something in Mr. Watson's manner I fancy that she is fast or forward, or vain of her appearance.' ' She luustnot be vain of her appearance if she has to earn her living, certainly,' said Sir Anthony, laughing rather oddly, his wife thought. ' She had better be ugly, had she not— like you. Janey,' he added, leaning for ward to the little girl of six who sat playing quietly with her doll upon the rug. 'You have the sort of countenance for a young woman who earns her own living, eh ?' He was particularly fond of depreciating the looks and abilities of his two little children, much to Lady Kesterton's annoyance. She herself was passionately attached to them and thought them faultless, although it was quite tame that neither of them could be called beautiful by the unprejudiced observer. They were not like the Kestertons. They had in herited their mother's coloring. The boy, Gerald, was strong and sturdy, with lint-white locks and common-place grey-blue eyes; while little Janey, his elder by a year, had the same fair hair and complexion, but with dark hazel eyes. She was more delicate-looking tK-^n her brother, and she had a refined, in teresting little face, but it was not beautiful, and her father seemed to like to say so. **I hope you will not talk in that way when Miss Paston comes, Anthony,' said his wife, with much coldness. 'It is so unsuitable, to say the least of it. I hope that Miss Paston's position and Janey's will be very different.' 'Probably they wilL' Sir Anthony's clearly-cut features, which had the color of old ivory or parchment, were set in a malicious smile which his wife thought very unpleasant. 'Different, indeed. One, the daughter of the house, with' a fortune of her own and a capital social position ; the other, a mere nobody, a governess perhaps, or dependent on charity for her daily bread.' He seemed to gloat over the picture that he drew. 'Precisely,' said Lady^Kesterton. 'That is quite the state of the case. I don't know why it should amuse you.' 'Suppose,' said Sir Anthony settling him self lazily in his chair, 'suppose the positions were reversed ; suppose it were Janey who had to earn her daily bread and Elfrida to be the heiress — what then?' '1 cannot suppose anything so absurd. Anthony— -you do not mean to say that this girl ? ' 'I mean to say nothing, my dear.' He laughed as he spoke. ' I was teasing yo;i a a little; that was ail.' 'I thought, perhaps,' said Lady Kesterton, with well-controlled impatience, 'that you had heard from Miss Paston's friends and that she was richer than you expected. Though even, then I fail to see how Janey's prospects would be affected.' 'Janey's prospects are what they always were,' said Sir Anthony, ' and a good thing, too, fGr a girl' with her plain little face, eh? Elfrida Patson's friends have not communi cated with me yet.' Hjr wife meditated for a moment or two. ' Is there a chance of your hearing anything of tliat kind about her ? Is it possibls that she will have money some day '::: Sir Anthony also meditated before he replied and eyed his wife with a coolly calculating and rather malicious expression of countenance. 'You need not be afraid,' he said at last. ' She will never have anything but what she gets from us. Take your own way with her ; I dare say you can hold your own even if she does make reprisals some fine day.' ' I do not in the least know what you mean, Sir Anthony,'' said Lady Kesterton, rising from her chair with a look of displeasure. ' And I must say that I think it very ill-bred to talk in riddles. I stall treat Miss Paston properly, and I hope she will behave properly to me. Her positijn in the house will be clearly defined, and I trust she will not be led into any danger of overstepping the lines. Come, children, it is time for you to go out.' She swept away with the same air of haughty displeasure, which, however, seemed to amuse Sir Anthony immensely. He laughed quietly for some time when she had gone. 'It is a, pity,' he said to himself, ' that there is nobody to enjoy the joke with. me. I hardly meant to keep it up so long. After all, nobody suffers by it. I shall outlive the boy and it matters very little for a girl. When she marries, or when she is one and twenty, perhaps — if she pleases :me — I will make things straight. In the meantime it is amusing to see my lady's manoeuvres and I won't let her go too far.' I Sir Anthony was in the position of many i men who think they can safely defy fate 1 because they have no mortal disease and are I not yet decrepit. He was a valetudinarian, it i is true, but he calculated on a lease of life ! sufficient to enable him to carry out bis plans, i aj;d perhaps after all he was as likely as most | people to attain it. i The house was tolerably full of visitors and others were expected on the day of Elfrida's return with Henry and Philip. She had been so long away from Kesterton that two or three trifles which passed unnoticed by her brother, and even by Mr. WinyateF, impressed her unpleasantly. It was easy to account for the fact that the fly took them round to the garden door, for she knew that it was easier to carry Henry indoors by this entrance than by any other; but she was (a little unreasonably) surprised to find that no onfi stennpd forward to rfif»eiv« them; that tbeir arrival attracted rather less interest than that of a new servant in the bouse. She hr.cl :not expected to be welcomed by Sir Anthony or Lady Kt^t«rT»n, but she had expected a little of the attention to which she bad been for some years tolerably well accustomed, and a smiling housekeeper or a willing housemaid would have been better than nobody. Put Terry and the flyman had to carry the boxes upstairs and Phifip helped to settle Heury eoaifortabty upon his coucn, and nobody appeared to help them. The day was wet and cold, but no fire had been lighted in the grate and there were no signs of a meal. Mrs. Terry bustled about and began to put things in order ; she seemed accustomed to waiting on herself and on Henry also, but Elfrida felt thatthe 'horns-coming,' as Heury had cheerfully termed it, was decidedly chilly. The old parlor too looked very plain and shabby and comfortless to her eyes ; the furni ture was really in the last stage of dilapidation and the few attempts at decoration were de ploiably ugly. Elfrida turned to the window, but the view that used to be beautiful was obscured by driving rain and storm-clouds, and she looked only on a scene of dripping and misty desolation. ] Henry had been wheeled into his room for a : quiet rest before tea and Elfrida still stood at the window when Philip came back into the ; parlor. At tbe sight of her motionless figure, ! the face turned resolutely to the park, the ; hands hanging at her sides, he suddenly ? realised gome of the girl's feelings. He paused for a moment, then took a step towards the j window. ' I am afraid you find it cold and uncomfortable,' he said. She corned to him with a bright smile, but her eyes were full of tears. 'Ob, you dojri think I mind that?' she said, j 'It was of Henry I. was thinking — be is-! eo easily contented . that it is a shame if he ; faae not everything pleasant aiid nice about) him.'1 ! ' Eut 1 hope he is comfortable, gtac-raily,' -a;d Phil, with atowjh of something like shame. ' They cannot have known at what time to ex pect us, or they would have had things ready. ; 1 will ring and ? ' ! ''So, pray do not,' she interposed, some- j what eagerly. ' Dear old Terry will have i everything ready in a few minutes. I will | go and help her; I don't know why I am | idling here. Don't let us keep you. I dare say i you want to go to your own room or downstairs '. to tea. You see I begin to remember the customs of the house.' j 'I will stay and have tea with you, if you I will let me.' j ' No — no ; you will be wanted.' ! 'I am at nobody's beck and call; I auimy own master. Let me stay, Elfie.' His voice sank to a tone of tenderness which was not altogether new to her. She had heard it several times during the last fortnight. It always fluttered her a little ; she did not know whether to like it or not. Offended by it she could not possibly be. And in that moment of vague pain and humiliation it was sweet to her — sweet, also, the touch of his hand upon hers, the admiring gentleness with which his eyes rested upon her face. 'Stay then,' she said, with a little smile and a §of_t blush which made her lovelier than ever in his eyes, ' but it is for Henry's sake, not for mine.' For whose sake soever, Philip found it very pleasant to linger in the glow of the newly lighted fire, while Elfie went to and fro be tween the sitting-room and her own apart ment, the door of which was in the passage opposite the baize door that led into the pic ture gallery. The four rooms oecupied by the Pastons and Mrs. Terry formed a parallelo grani, skirted on two sides by a corridor, wliich ran the length of the west wing, with doors (on one side only) opening into rooms generally appropriated to the servants' use. The little staircase by which Henry went in and out of the Park lay between the parlor and the picture gallery ; but at the other and extreme end of the corridor there was also a staircase leading to the kitchens. It was a very conveniently-situated set of rooms, and there was perhaps little to be wondered at in the fact that Lady Kesterton had always desired it for her nurseries. _ But she had never ventured to do more than hint that desire. Sir Anthony was quite resolved not to turn Henry out. Henry's rest was soon over and he was wheeled back into the parlor when tea was ready. And then came a really merry little tea party. Elfrida had quite recovered her spirits and was kneeling before the fire toast ing tea cakes for Henry and Philip, the fire liglit dancing on her flushed cheeks and brilliant eyes, when a solemn knock came to the parlor cloor. And no sooner had she called out 'Come, in' than a footman in very gorgeous array made his appeaiance with a olenui message. 'Lady Kesterton's compliments to Mr. Win yates, and tea is being served in the white drorin'-room. And Lady Kesterton would be obliged to Miss Paston if she would go to her ladyship's boudore at 'alf-past 5 precisely.' Then he solemnly bowed and withdrew, leaving silence and something like dismay behind him. Philip muttered a word or two which Elfrida divined to have an objurgatory significance, but did not stir. Even Henry looked puzzled and vexed. Elfie was the first to recover herself. She burst into a merry careless laugh. ' Go away, Mr. Winyates,'' she said. ' You are not in your proper sphere. . We may toast tea cakes up here and Fm sure you daren't do that in the drawing-room where you belong. Good- bye. I shall see you again some time if I survive the interview in Lady Kesterton's boudore.' ?'lam not going,' said Philip calmly. ' She does not really want me — and if she does she must do without me. My heart is set on those tea cakes.' She laughed and resumed her toasting opera tions. But Henry still looked troubled. ' Perhaps there is somebody in the drawing room that she wants you to meet, Phil. We can see you another day. You know, Elfie, you don't properly appreciate Phil's grandeur nowadays ? ' She turned and gave Mr. Winyates a glance that thrilled that gentleman to the tips of his fingers in a very curious manner. It was half mocking, half tender, a little enquiring, and a little affectionate ; altogether somewhat coquet tish. Possibly it put the final touch to work that was already begun. Certainly it made Philip feel as if wild horses would not drag him away from the parlor in the west wing that afternoon. And Henry, with a pucker of unusual anxiety between his brows, went on — ' Since he has written books he has bssome quite a literary lion, I can tell you ! When he goes up to London he is out to grand 2-ai'ties every night and people can't make too much of him ; no wonder Lady Kesterton wants him downstairs. Phil, hadn't you better go f ' Don't worry yourself, old chap. No, there's no necessity. I am not Lady Kesterton's lap dog, nor even her tame cat about the house. I shall e'en take the liberty of pleasing myself.' ' If you do that you will please us too,' said Elfrida as she put one of the cakes upon nis plate. ' But look at the time, somebody, and don't let me be too late for my appointment. Does Lady Kesterton want to examine me on my attainments, I wonder — with a droll look — or to offer me a post about her person '?' ' She will do neither if you approach her in that frivolous spirit,' said Philip laughing. ' Have you no awe and reverence about you, Elfrida ':' She shook her head. ' Don't keep them in stock, or used them up long ago ; I'm not sure which. But I'm a very good actress ; I shall play my part well enough.' ' I know you will say and do just the right thing,' said Henry, looking at her admiringly. 'The right thing will be to be grateful for all her kindness, I suppose,' said Elfrida, mimicking Lady Kesterton's tones so closely for a moment that Philip, who knew that she had spoken to Sir Anthony's wife at most two or three times, looked up surprised. Perhaps Elfrida mistook his surprise for another kind of feeling, for she suddenly changed her tone. ' I am a wretch,' she said smoothing back her rather disordered hair, 'and I don't mean what I say a bit; it's only naughtiness. Honestly and truly — with a grave and rather sweet look — I am grateful to Sir Anthony and Lady Kesterton for all that they have done for us. And I shall try to say so if I can.' ' That's right, Elfie ; Tni glad of that,' said Henry simply. She stooped to kiss him. ' It is nearly balf past five. I must go. I wonder if I know the way.' ' I will go with you to to the end of the pic ture gallery and show you which turn to take,' said Philip. 'Yes, it is time now.' She nodded gaily to Henry and smiled at Philip in reply. ' Gome then ;' and together they walked down the long dim gallery where the pictured forms upon the walls gleamed at them like fantastic ghosts. At the further door Philip showed her the turning that led to Lady Kesterton's boudoir. ' Wish me good luck,' she said, lingering a little and putting out her baud as if to say good-bye. He took it in both his own. ' I do most heartily. How cold you hand is, dear.' 'I am so frightened,' she said, laughing rather nervously. 'You wouldn't think it, but I am. If there is a person in the world of whom I am terribly afraid it is Lady Kester ton.' She drew her hand away, smiled again as if to reassure him, and then sped lightly and swiftly in the direction of Lady Kesterton's boudoir. Chapter XVI.— Elfbida's Vocation. 'You are two minutes late,' said Lady Kesterton wben she had extended her hand and given Elfrida the tips of two fingers for a moment. ' I hope you are not in the habit of being unpunctuaL' '2Jo, I don't think I am,' said Elfrida quite clearly and simply, 'but of course it will happen sometimes.' Lady Kesterton looked at her and did not speak. Another lady who was sitting in the great lounging-chair by the fireplace put up a long-handled double eyeglass and also looked. The movement attracted Elfrida's attention, which hitherto had been concentrated upon Lady Kesterton. She now glanced at the lady in the easy chair. Who was it 1 The face was vaguely familiar and yet she knew no one with these swelling lines and contours, those superincumbent layers of fair white flash, that face which had once been beautiful, but where now the beauty was half lost in positive fat. And yet that crown of elaborately-dressed golden hair, the glance of the cold, smiling eyes ? Yes, she knew it now. It was Lady Bel tane, the woman who, the servants had said, would one day be the ruin of Philip Winyates, who would not rest till she had broken Philip AVinyate's heart. The remembrance sent a cold shudder something like disgust down the girl's spine. It suddenly seemed to her as if she had come to a house full of enemies — and she was nearer the truth than she knew. | 'Won't you sit down?' said Lady Kester ton drily. She herself took a seat on the sofa, and Elfrida selected a plain high-backed chair for herself. The woman with the eyeglass was still surveying her. The hanging-lamp in the middle of the room had been lighted, and its rays fell upon Elfrida's haughtily-lifted head, her fine, spirited face, the slender figure in its well-fitting tweed gown. Elfrida had seldom looked better, though she was nob aware of the fact. * ' I hope you had a pleasant time at Seaford,' continued Lady Kesterton. ' Yes, thank you, a very pleasant time.' 'Were you sorry to leave Madame Le froy's?' 'For some things ; but I began to feel it was time I did something for myself and relieved you and Sir Anthony of a great burden.' Elfrida had a prompt, decisive way of speak ing which her listeners! did not approve. Lady Kesterton answered coldly, ' Exactly, Ithink it. is time. I am glad, you are so sensible. I have [already formed a plan which will pro tebJy sneet -.v;rfi your — yo\ir — approval/' The ? ?word seuaded satirical from Lady Kesterton a lips. ' Thank yo'j, I hope so,' said Elfrida. Which was not wbat she was expected to say at all. 'My plan,' Lady Kesterton went on as if unheeding that remark, 'is one wliich I have carefully considered, and which is likely to be satisfactory in every way. You have been well educated, Miss Paston, and have, I hope, profited by your advantages. Of course, you ought to speak French or German like a native* My friend, Lady Beltane — she turned round to the splendid woman in the easy- chair— yes, Ehe -was splendid in her way, in the magnifi cent raiment of blue- green silkand plush which she called a tea-gown, with that gleaming coronet of golden hair— has been a great deal abroad ; you will not object to having a little conversation with her in French or German, j we wish very much to hear your accent Elfrida knew well enough that she could not refuse or resent the request, but there was something restive in her which made her blood boil at the sound of Lady Kesterton's speech. Nevertheless, she answered courteously and quietly that she would do as Lady Kesterton desired, and immediately turned her face to wards Lady Beltane and awaited the opening : of the con *ersation. ! Lady Beltane smiled a little and looked at her ivith sleepy scrutiny. Then she began to ask questions in German about Elfrida's fort ; night at Seaford. Elfrida answered accurately, : although with reluctance; she seized almost immediately on the central motive of Lady j Beltane's questions, which was, to ascertain ; how much time Philip Winyates had passed | at Seaford and on what terms of intimacy he j stood with Elfrida herself. When she got to \ know all that Elfrida would tell her she smiled ( and glided gently into French. LadyKester : ton had not studied German. In French, Lady Beltane talked about Madame Craven's I books and the singing lessons that Elfrida had ? taken in Paris. And in a minute or two she ceased to talk, gave Lady Kesterton a little . nod, and took up a novel that was lying by her : chair. But although she ceased to talk, she kept eyeing Elfrida over the pages of her book with somewhat an excess of attention. '?? 'Shall I sing to you too?' asked Elfrida, prepared to be amiable. : 'ISTo tlank you, singing will not be re '. quired,' said Lady Kesterton. 'No doubt you can riay a little ? Yes. Well, you wish to find a' situation. Your great drawback is that you aave no experience in teaching. I propose to you to acquire that experience in my house. 'My two children are in want of a governess— a nursery governess, of course, but one who can talk French and German to them;. I offer you the post. When they re quire you ao longer you will be doubly valu able on account of the experience you will have gained and the recommendation that I should be *ble to give you.' ; Elfrida's cheek burned. If she had not re solved to te very wise and prudent she would have rejected the proposal on the spot, for her old dislike of Lady Kesterton was upon i her in full force. She not only disliked but she distrusted, and was afraid of her. What should she say ? There was a moment's pause ; and of the two who awaited her answer the one who fdt the most real curiosity was Lady Beltane. Would this girl, who looked like a princess, condescend to be a little nursery governess under Lady Kesterton ? If she did, , then Lady Beltane would know what to think. ? X'I need hardly mention,' Lady Kesterton went on, 'that in this manner you will be able to see something of your brother, which, of course, under other circumstances you would te unable to do. When the children had goie to their nurses after tea you would lie able to sit with him in an evening and to spend other portions of the day in his room. I should also pay you a certain sum every quarter for your dress and personal requirements — twenty-five pounds a year is usu^lv considered ample for a young person in y— ?- position. The latt-- par of this speech might have irritated Elfrida if her nund had not been taken tip Trith the thought of Henry, fes, it would indeed be delightful to spend so much time with him. That consideration carried the day against all objections. 'Xfcank you, Lady Kesterton, I shall be very pleased to try,' she said, and at that very moment Lady Beltane's book fell to the ground with a crash, almost as though she had x^ushed it from her with a gesture of impatience. ' Very \relL Then you can begin to-morrow — or the day after, perha-ps, so as to give you a day to unpack and get settled. You can keep your old bedroom in the west wing. I will arrange to-morrow about hours and soon. You will not have a great deal to do — only we want you in the evening sometimes to accompany a song or play dance music in the drawing-room. You will not object to that V ; '2\otatall.' ' And one thing I must say — and I had . better say at once. I trust that yor.r brother's sitting-room is fhe west wing will not be made a rendezvous ^ * idle people — especially for idle men in ttt 'cse. You must put a stop to . feat yourself. x f or two gentleman have : sometimes kintl j gone to see the poor youth, v-«t yovi vs-jn uuSaTtuuia that will' be unaavis ., able when you are there.' j Elfrida looked at her without answering. ! 'I was very Eiuch shocked, for instance, to find that- you had kept Mr. Winyates to tea to : night,' said her ladyship severely. 'I sent '- him a message; but I presume that you did . not allow him to take advantage of it. '? Another time, I trust, that that will not . occur.' : 'I will remember what yon wish,' said Elfreda with something of her brother's quiet simplicity : 'And I think that is all,' said jLady Kes terton majestically. ' Not all for me,' said Elfrida rising from her seat with a alight tremulousnesB of voice and limb proceeding from the consciousness of effort. 'I have something to say, please, before I go. I wish to thank you — and Sir Anthony — for your great generosity. I owe my education to you. But that is not alL It ia more to me that you have taken care of Henry — who will never be able to do anything in return — that you have made his life as easy as it can be made. I thank you for that— oh, a thousand times. And if I can do anything for you or yours it shall be done. I owe you and Sir Anthony the best gratitude of my heart.' 'I am glad that you have so much right feeling,' said Lady Kesterton with a consider able grimness. ' And I hope that you will do your work conscientiously. Perhaps your brother may be wanting you, so I will say good nig^ht.' She was_ slighted propitiated in Elfrida's favor in spite of her grimness of manner, but she did. not think it well to encourage familiarity^by offering her hand. So the girl made a giacef ul hnif foreign little curtsey to her and then to Lady Beltane, and went away from the_ boudoir feeling heartily thankful that the interview was over. As soon as she was gone Lady Beltane ro3e to an erect position ia her chair and spoke with shining eyes. 'You wal repent taking that girl into the house, Eva. She is a dangerous young person.' 'Dangerous?' said Lady Kesterton doubt fully. ' She spoke very properly.' 'Oh, we can all speak properly when we choose,' said Lady Beltane, with a short little laugh. ' Don't you know why she accepted your offer? And, good heavens, why did you make it. before you had consulted me again She told me two or three things when I talked to her in German — things I wanted to know. ' What sort of things, Beatrice ?' ' Oh, details about the fortnight at Seaford.1 ; Beatrice drummed impatiently with her hand ; on the arm of the chair. ' Did you know — I certainly did not — that Philip was there all the time? Of course you told me he was going down with old Watson to see if she was pre sentable, and so on ; but you did not think that he would stay a fortnight, did you?' 'I never trouble myself about Philip's doings,' said Lady Kesterton coldly. ' He comes and goes as he pleases. ? I wish he would ; take up his abode elsewhere, but he seems necessary to Anthony. Did you ask her then whether he was there V 'I am not such a fool,' said her cousin petulantly 'I only made her talk. Mr. Winyates had taken her out boating, walking, driving. What they did with that crippled boy meanwhile I am sure I do not know. But . Miss Paston's amusement had evidently i depended on Philip, and it is because he is here, no doubt, that she consented to stay.' I ' But, my dear Beatrice, Philip would uever : marry a nobody like that girl Paaton . . . \ indeed he does not seem inclined to marry at I all— I wish he did. ' ! 'Who talked of marrying? There maybe j flirtation and scandal without that.' | 'If there is the faintest breath of scandal ; the girl goes out of my door at a moment's I notice. We have had enough of that in the family.' [ ' You will have to reckon with Sir Anthony before you turn that girl out of doors,' said Beatrice, crossing her large round white arms behind the golden head— a favorite attitude with her. 'You know that very well. You should embroil him with her if you want to get rid of her — but far from wanting to do that you have taken the best means in the world for seeurinjr her.' ' I wish, Beatrice, you would not make un plf asant allusions to forgotten gossip. It does not concern Sir Anthony at all — my choice of a nursery governess. Please do not connect the names/' Beatrice laughed softly. 'I won't— as you dislike it,' she said. ' But that girl will make mischief and be troublesome — you will see. She is too good looking not to attract notice.' ' Do you think her good looking? I don't see any thing to admire in her.' 'Men will, my dear. And really she has a graceful figure. She makes one feel old and unwieldy.' And Lady Beltane rose slowly from her ch^ir and proceeded to examine her self critically in a long panel of looking-glass. 'My eompl'vxicm is not what it was,' she said, ' it wants tinting now and then ; and I am nvi.?h Mfr iat w loo'* w^il by the flideof htr, iiv.v in .-,tnr+ r.--?-pr ?..-:.-? 1 can rtiH claim to be called a handsome womrjj, don't you think io, Eva'r5 'Certainly I do — if you think it matters at your age,:5 said Lady Kesterton in an acid tone. The remark would have made some women angry, but Beatrice only laughed. | She was not of an irritable disposition and her cousin's sour primness of tone merely amused , her. I Meanwhile, Elfrida had flown back to the i west wing and found Philip still with her brother. They greeted her return with eager j interest and curiosity and in a few eager sen- ! tences she poured out her tale. But it produced i a different effect from any she had anticipated. \ Philip looked aghast and seriously annoyed ; Henry glanced at him and in his turn seemed doubtful. 'Why, don't you like the plan?' said I Elfrida, suddenly catching herself up and j glancing from one to the other. ' Of course, ! it may not be pleasant in all respects, but I j shall now be able to stay near Henry with a I clear conscience. I could not have gone on j living in the house in idleness you know ; '; and I think it is_ really a good plan for me to j get some experience before I go out into the j world.' 'Shall you really like it, Elfie?' asked Henry; j and there was something in his look and in his voice which startled his sister into the con viction that, spite of his cheerfulness, he was not altogether blind to the disadvantages even of his own life at Kesterton. ' But it is too ridiculous to think of your turning nursery governess at all !' cried j Philip. 'With your talents — your aceom- | ptishments ! Lady Kesterton is a good manager, I must say, but surely she has tried too high a flight this time. It is a complete waste of time for you.' ! 'So yon do not want to keep me here?' j said Elfrida with an arch turn of her neok. ! ' Ah, well ' it doesn't matter, for I am not to ? see much more of you, Mr. Winyates. Lady j Kesterton does not approve of your being here. : I am not to toast tea cakes for you again. So , you are warned !' i What a child she was still, sometimes. ? There was not a trace of consciousness in her manner. It was touched only with girlish j mischief and amusement — but it was just the i manner that in a beautiful girl provokes a man ! ! to wish he could change it to earnestness ; could rouse the dormant passion underneath that smiling exterior and make the clear placid ; eyes grow dim and deep with emotion. It was ; thus that Philip felt as he looked at her. 1 Then he came to himself with a violent little : | shock. How divided he was from her ! But j not, as Lady Kesterton would have thought, ! : by any sense of social difference, but by age, \ j cfiaraeter, and above all, by certain invisible I fetters which Philip had forged for himself ; long ago and strong as they were invisible. '? i These* he said to Himself with sudden and \ { irrepressible bitterness, were likely to keep i him prisoner for at any rate the best years of ; j his life. ! j 'I am afraid I shall take my own way until ' ; you tell me to go,' he said, smiling at her ! . kindly — the spasm of longing, regret, and pain ; ; carefully concealed. i ! But just then he could not stay much longer j ? for he had letters to write before the post went i out, and so he bade the brother and sister good ! night. He went down to dinner at the usual ; i hour with a feeling of profound annoyance at : his heart. He thought of Elfrida sitting with i Henry in the shabby parlor upstairs — or sit I ting alone when Henry had gone to bed — I lonely, silent, possibly sad ; and he fretted ? against the conventional laws which set him \ down at a richly- furnished table, gay with ; flowers and light and silver, at the side of a ? fashionable woman in grand array, while she — ; she whom he could almost have said he loved ; already — sat apart because she was only a | nursery governess. Was she not beautiful, \ good, clever, as any woman of them all? True ; '? her mother had been of lowly position in the i | world, but Sir Anthony had said that there j j was no stain upon Elfrida's birth. Why should j . she not be treated like any other young lady in ' ] the house? j j 'You look quite melancholy,' Lady Bel- j tane said in his ear ; he had taken her in to i . dinner that evening as there was some one ! | present of more social importance to whom Sir ? ' Anthony had given his arm. 'Anything I i wrong?' j I 'Nothing, thank you,' he answered cour- ! teously, but with a touch of weariness in his . j tone. , i ; 'Where were you at tea-time? We heard you had arrived, but you were nowhere to be , found.' ! I ' Lady Kesterton knew, for she sent me a message. I was in the west wing having* tea with Miss Paston and her brother.' : ' She is a handsome girl — too handsome for her position,' said Lady Beltane lazily. ' But i I hope you don't mean to get up a flirtation ; I with her on that account.' i '/get up a flirtation? Is it likely?' said Philip. Then, after a moment's pause, 'It ; would have seemed to me kinder if Lady Kes- i terton, or yourself, had made some little effort to welcome Miss Paston on her arrival this : afternoon. Nobody took the slightest notice of her coming- AH tho xnoro rcfl»ooii, uu^a blivrao- ?; circumstances, for me to remain for a short ' : time and try to make her forget ho^v unwelcome ' she seemed to be.' ! 'You were always a Don Quixote, Piiilip. ; But I don't quarrel with you on that account. ' I think it extremely sweet of you to be so ; kind.' j ! 'Do you?' he said laughing. 'But you : know you might have saved me the necessity if 1 you had liked.' ; ' There is no reason why you should not be ' kind,' she said, almost in a whisper. ' I can trust you.' But the whisper made Philip wince. ! (To fee continued.) 