DOMINICAN CONVENT, NORTH ADELAIDE. ? His Grace Archbishop Reynolds laid arid, blessed foundation-stone . of the Dominican Convent: Chapel,. Molesworth-street, North, Adelaide, on Sunday afternoon in the presence of a. lar^e assemblage, including his Honor Mr. Justice Bundey, his'. Worship the Mayor, and the Mayoress of Adelaide. * The new building will consist of a chapel in Gothic architecture, 60 x 28.: It ? is intended for, ..the. use:, of the nuns of Sc. Dominic's Priory, and . is to comprise a sanctuary, a chapel ' for boarders, and externs and sacristies." At present the sacrifice of the holy mass is offered and other services are held in a large room which was found to be inadequate to the requirements of the nuns and the public. This portionof the sacred edifice isall that, will be completed at present, arid the probable cost is estimated between £300 and £400. It will ultimately form one side of the quadrangle, of the future priory. The position marked, out for the erection of the high altar was denoted by means"'of a large cross composed of beautiful flowers, while the space allotted for . the blessing, of the" stone was bedecked with foliage and' bunt ing. Shortly after 3 o'clock a . proces- - ' sion : was formed consisting of members of S6. Lawrance's branch of the H.A.C.B.S. wearing their regalia and; led by -Mr. Bradley, several priests, including Archpriesfc Kevin and Dean Kennedy, acolytes carrying the cross, thurifer and holy water receptacle, arid his Grace attired in beautifully worked cope and mitre. The solemn ceremony of blessing the stone, haying been performed, , the Arch bishop, who was very unwell, delivered a?n address, in the course of which he said the chapel, which was the ©St'"of its kind ever 1 instituted in Australasia; Was dedicated to the Holy Ghost. He was proud to- sajr" this on the nineteenth anniversary of bis episcopacy, and as long as the stones kept together there would be perpetual adoration of Jesus Christ in the- blessed; sacrament. For the last 35 years he had thought of accomplishing this great work, and had mentioned it from time to time to a few friends. It was, however, always looked upon as a almost Utopian idea, the argu ment being that there was no need for it in 'a missionary country. On the day he was con secrated to the episcopacy he, prostrated before the altar, vowed to God that he would leave no stone unturned until he i had. achieved, the. object he had in view. That .day he saw . its accomplishment in a quiet and humble way, which meant greater success in the futiird. The world might scoff at ttie noble motive's which prompted those for whom the chapel was being built to devote their lives to Christ,' to serve Him more faithfully and instil others with the austerity of. their lives, but they knew i little of ;the~'goo'd work :.which these1 noble . women did. "He asked those" present for their co-operation financially, and as the result of the ' appeal £193 was i>laeed on the stone. . . \ 