HERE AND THERE. Reynold's, of january 18, says :—"How funny it reads.' Dr. Adler, the late Chief Rabbi of the English Jews, in his will left the following injunc tion * Whatever be your calling, continue to shun, Oh! my dear ones, as I know you do, every kind of usury ; for usury still constitutes, alas ! the malignant canker which eats into the vitality of the House of Israel.'" If the Doctor knew that his tribe shunned usury why did he call it the 4 canker of Israel?' How many Jewish money-lenders, stockbrokers, and bankers, will heed the words of their dead pastor ? Quiz would also direct the attention of the Chiistian followers of the callings mentioned to the , last words of Dr. Adler. After all the Christian is the worse Jew. On Wednesday morning at the Supreme Court one Downie was called upon to take his trial for a most cowardly and unprovoked assault. Downie, however, declined the honor, and his recognizances were estreated. Quiz hopes the Court will get the money. Now, what constituted the bail ? Downie's own recognizances and two sureties. Mr. Downie, whose absence the Court mourned, and still mourns, was a gentleman said to be well-known to certain public officials. Judging from the manner in which the proceedings on Wednesday were opened by the Crotorn Solicitor, Downie's absence was known. In which case, Quiz rises to ask—i. Where were the police? 2. What was the use in taking Downie's bail ? Quiz knew days ago that there would be no appearance of the prisoner. Was \ ; ' . * ' ' ' .anyone else acquainted with the circumstance ? It seemed to have been a matter of common gossip. % The Secretary of the Caledonian Society writes:— "Referring to the statement in your last issue that * the distinguished gentleman who occupied the position of valet to Captain Anstruther Thom son, W2is invited to a banquet by the members of the Caledonian Society,' I wish to say that there is no truth whatever in tfye statement, and I have respectfully to ask you to contradict the same." Quiz is quite willing to accept this contradiction, but the presentation did come off, although it was not under the auspices of the Caledonian Society. Says a correspondent:—" What strange creatures country Bank managers are as a rule. There is one old fossil who refused to give change for a pound to a little boy the other day, because, forsooth, the person the boy worked for, dealt with another bank. The poor clerks cannot get a days v • i holiday, unless the manager applies to the head office, nor can a poor ' cockie' get an eighteen pehny overdraft without the same formula. It strikes us that their souls cannot be called their own, or at least that the head office has a lien on them. Bank managers d'ye call them ? Clerks only, and shabbily treated at that." There is nothing like reciprocity and fraternal affection. Quiz looks forward to a federated Aus tralia, when there will be an interchange of colonial products without restraint. Some short time ago when labor was scarce, the other colonies sent us some in the shape of a few of the well-known-to-the police class. Now, we are doing the same thing, for instead of sending our idle and disorderly cits to gaol, they are allowed to go on a visit to one of the other colonies. The last person before Mr. Pater, on a charge of the description now under review, had a Queen's Counsel to appear for him, so that he could not have been without money, for the fees of-Q's.G. are large, even when they practice in the Police Court. Mr. .Oswald Brown has been imported to report on the various schemes for an increased water supply for Adelaide and suburbs; Perhaps this is a wise idea, but while he is about it he might enquire into the terrible bungling that has taken place in connection with the Beetaloo scheme. That work has already cost an enormous amount of money, and just as it is finished, the discovery is made that the main, which supplies the reticulating pipes, is altogether inadequate, and that a new main will have to be put in, at a cost of another ^200,000 ! The present main running continually would not empty the reservoir in less than three years, and as the greater part of the water is re quired in one year, the main should have been three times its present size. Perhaps the Eiigineer in-Chief, who has the control of the department will explain. Certainly a further ^200,000 more for the Beetaloo scheme is a discovery" which will not be pleasant to the taxpayers. One of our leading cricketers ran up against a " snag77 the other night. He was most offensive, and as he has travelled he ought {o know better. Everyone in the saloon—especially the small men—were the butts of his insults, and as he weighs fourteen stone or so, not many openly resented his beastly bullying. At last, he went so far as to impudently pull the moustachios of a quiet man present, who is as noted for his good temper as for his prowess with the oar. Upon being remonstrated with, the cricketer expressed his insatiable desire " to put a face like a butcher's shop" on the oarsman, and started his innings with a straight drive on the off. Then it" was " scull" on " bat, " or " batter skull,77 whichever you like. To the delight of the company, two overs settled the brawny bully, one beauty below the bosom, and another between the eyes made him cry pitifully, "I'm done ! go and fetch Wally." Then they called the ambulance to patch him up, and next day someone enquired if he had been fooling around with a steam roller. There has been serious trouble at the Adelaide Hospital, so serious, that Boards of Enquiry, and writs, and dark and dismal dungeons are talked of. It all arose in this way: One of the officials went to roost at the usual hour, but unwisely left his door open. How unwisely will be recognised when it is stated that there was an unconsumed cake left on the table. In the morning that cake had vanished. Whatever the cause, whether it was pixies, ghosts, resurrected half-operated-on corpses, the place which had known that pound cake knew it no more. Who had taken it ? To discover an answer to this question became the lifework of the official. He went to the matron and : made an accusation, and the matron went to the nurses and commenced an unofficial enquiry. Next came a telegram of condolence, and following on this arrived packages containing sand and other articles, wrapped up to represent the missing toothsome morsel. But as was explained in the opening sentence of this paragraph, the matter has passed beyond joking. A Supreme Court action is threatened, and the mighty intellects of Judges, solicitors, reporters, and others will be brought to bear in order to solve the apparently simple problem, " Who got that cake ?" The Aldine History base is over, and Dr. Morrison is to-day a poorer man by some thousands of pounds. The judgment of JSlr. Commissioner, Russell has met with universal approval. It was naturally to be expected that those people who had been duped into subscribing to the highly imaginative work described as the history would be jubilant, but the general public took more than an ordinary interest in the action, because on its result depended the future relations to exist between the people and the book fiend. The book fiend henceforth is doomed. Sound the loud timbreL Now, while Quiz is delighted at the issue of the case, he cannot refrain from saying that it would have served many of the subscribers to the Aldine History right if they had been com \ pelled to carry out their contracts. It was un questionably the biographical sketch that induced them to put their names down on the agent's list, and it was only when they learnt that they had succeeded in making themselves look supiemely ridiculous that they tried to get out of their bargain. Though it is impossible to legislate for the full protection of fools, Quiz commends to the attention of the Legislature a measure recently drafted in New South Wales, the object of which is to reduce the book fiend nuisance to a minimum. Perhaps Mr. Jenkins will look into the matter. ■ „ The result of the Conference between the Shearers and the Pastoralists may be regarded as very satisfactory. There was an evident desire on the part of the squatters to be nice, and the men reciprocated the feeling by also being nice. It was a case of I am right, and you are right, And every thing is quite correct. [Da capo, and finish up with a tremolo. Still it is very pleasing to have the whole shearing worry settled in South Australia so pleasantly, and if a human spirit of compromise were exhibited by employers all round, we should get on very well until the consummation of some scheme allied to Bellamy's, which is inevitable. Social democracy must triumph, for the world can never stand the strain of the unholy competition which has de veloped terribly in this boasted nineteenth century. A beautiful bit of scandal has been travelling the rounds of the City of the beautiful organ and harbor. A young fellow aged 21, was engaged to a fascinating widow who possesses an income of <£4,000 a year. The happy day was fixed, passages to England were taken by the Victoria, and every thing looked prosperous for the would-be Benedict. But on the day of the wedding the lady left town without making the bridegroom-expectant aware of her intentions. The young fellow spent the day flying round Sydney in a cab looking for his lost one. This lady, it is said, only a short time ago jilted a naval commander on an Australian station. As by the will of her late husband she will lose a considerable portion of her income should she marry again, an explanation may be found for her apparent heartiessness. At; the same time she should not have taught her little girl to call the twenty-one-year-old young man " Papa." It must have raised his expectations to quite a giddy Height. No doubt a great deal of credit for this suc cessful conference is due to Mr. W. G. Spence, the shearer, and the graceful compliment paid to him by Mr. J. L. Stirling, the squatter, was evidently sincere. But Mr. Spence is an able man, and while the labor party possess such leaders as he, there is cause for congratulation, and reason for hope. Read the opening address, delivered to his brother shearers on Monday week, and if you don't rise from a perusal of these two columns of discourse with a profound respect for the man, there is something wrong with your mental equili brium. Quiz has cut it out and put it in his scrap book and if ever he gets a bit hazy on the labor question he will just look up Spence. 