THE MASTER OF THE 1AGICIAIS. By ELIZABETH STUART PHELPS axd HERBERT D. WARD. Chatteb XVI L— ('Continued. ) The king's frown blurred into the first smile seen upon his haggard face for many a dark day. 'Thou art young,' he said, 'and demaudest of the king as the young lion ro.areth for its food. . . . Thine eye is bright and wan deretli to and fro. Thou hast not care. Tuou knowest not sorrow. Thou fearesfc na-ight. Nebuchadrezzar doth not affright thee. . . . Would that I were voung !' ' Our master was old, and we honor age, said Susa with the adroitness of extreme candor. 'Give us our way in behalf of our dead. I told the boys,' added Susa, 'that the king_ was always kind to me. They would think I lied if we could not have the funeral/3 The king looked with emotion deeper than the case called for upon the lad. He repeated the word, 'Kind? Kind?' He could not remember when 'anyone had called Nebtnha drezzar kmd. He rose suddenly to conceal the signs of tremulousness upon his face. 'Bury thy master as thou wilt,' he said. It snail not be said that j\cbnc:iadrezzar faileth to honor his dead seer or the petition of his high-bOTn students. Go from ma, and see thou to it.' 1 hus it befell that the sage receive 1 th? In-t courtesy from the university over which hj had presided. The body of Mutusa-iii was binned to ashes in the court of the schools with all the mortuary pomp of tlie times. It had been embalmed in honey, as the custom went, and laid in the earthern jar, preparatory to its last dreary journey, a hundred miles through the hot country to Erech, the common ceme tery of Babylon'. The remains were detained by order of the king. A public funeral of the largest proportions resulted. The thousind priests who had failed to tell the dream came from their thousand altars to do honor to that other failure, their dead chief. The priest from Bonsippa said, ' After all he was but one of us/' and the successor of the priest from Z.ir panit shook his head and asked, 'Can you tell me the genealogy of this Jehovah, to whom our late brother apostatised J' At that moment Ina, the daughter of Egibi the banker, was saying to her father, 'He must be a very common god.' For Egibi was at the funeral. All the world was at the funeral. Court and people, throne and uni versity, did honor to the dead sage. The hii«d mourners lost their usual importance. Egibi's large face was of a dull pallor. But he did not arise before the paople and join the wailing friends. The treasurer of Babylon did not say, ' I am his brother/ Lalitha and Kisrinni wept apart together— a forlorn little family to lament a man — until t!-«? governor of Babylon, being by law the guardian of the gii'3, stepped out with torn garments and placed himself as a mojr.ier at her side. So Mutusa-ili came to his la«t re=-t in the university which he had cherished with the pas sionate devotion of a seholiirly and unworldly man. While the body, swathed in honey and spices and sacred oils, was burning the students chanted in an ancient tongue an un familiar dirge. When the urn which received the ashes was lifted upon the bier, to be taken before the altar in tlie temple of RJl, and thence borne back to the library of the university, where it should be honored for time and times and a day, Su-^o/.s clear young voice rose above the chorus of the students — ITnio his jest, (lands on bis 'orcakb, l-.r-ar him apart, I'fiirne hid.li his heart. '!'!;-_? wortn and th«- ni^t ToiV.-Jl i«lI.ll!K*l-iSi,. \\\V lwlii his naui-: ; !:&-?( ii liu-. iiis faj.io. It was at (:!;«-? juoiricul when tin; chorus re peated — \--i\eo;mli his hunt; '. and the buys had bciit to the biar to carry it within the courts of the temple for the final ceremonial that the interruption came which convulsed Babylon and would have turned the burial into a riot h:«l it come from any other fource than the governor of the province. For Daniel did no less nor more than step for ward and authoritatively forbid the students to carry the body into the temple of Bel. 'The.se ashes go not within fie ido^atro'is gates of Bit Sagil, the Ziggurat of Merortash/' he said. 'Bury tho Jew Methuselah in the faith of Jehovah, the living God.' The effect of this interference \va= int^n*'. Tlie crowd swayed and murmura-i. Tjw thousand pri»-sls mutteivd toucher. 'J'ii-- student* proti:suid in dc.-orous uiiler ton-js. The st-v«n «ilnred stag.?s of the insulted t«-mple sewnnd to glitter malignantly, then to frown and reel a little. By virtue of the law and for decency's sake the wiil of th^ dead inmi'.s esnentor was, perforce, respa jted. The buri:il procession turned about and reluc tantly deposited the uni in tlie library of the univ«-i-ity without the sanction ui iiei ijeiudin-li. it Wits a UOi;i«ju-iuii-- «-ent. The students, with the superior tolerance of education, made the best of it, but the people made the worst. Before night the city was in an uproar— these defending, those berating, the whole affair. The interment, the governor, the king, the dead man, all came in for their share of popular blame or approval. Mutusa-ili, who of all people had loved and required paac*, became in death the cause of a popular dis turbance which would have sorely troubled his quiet spirit. The excitement subsided too slowly, too fiercely. Nothing could havo happened which would have presented such testa to the unassailable position of the captive governor in Babylon. But the sick king w.is worried by the matter and brooded over it to his own hurt. It was not until the afternoon of thanext day that the governor and the captain found leisure to discuss the events which were shaking the city. They met in the pleasure grounds of the king's outer garden — the garden bounded by tlie Shebil canal. The sun had passed far into its third quarter ; the shadows were long; the air stirred with the ghost of a breath ; it was not yet night. Allit was much moved by the interment of Mutusa-ili; he had been allowed to pass some moments with Laiitha that morning; he experienced the new, sweet sensitiqu of grieving in the grief of her in whose life he wished to live. He felt a iiiisJ tenderness towards the dend msui which astonished the soldier. But this delicate sympathy was all he dared oiler to L-iIith;t, then. It was not an hour for love-making. The girl looked at hi in through a wall of glaw. It was the wall of sorrow. The lover could not pass it and must not shatter it. He had to content himself with tears when he perished for kisses. Allit had never be«n denied joy before by the pain of life. It seem-id to him very unnatural. He was quite puzzled. Like other men of his sort, he turned readily from the private perplexity to public affair.^. These, at least, were comprehensible. Conver sation diverted his discomfort — lie wai not accustomed to being uneomfortiblo. He watched the Jew with an obviously new expression, in which respect for executive ability was added to spiritual deference. 'Verily thou art the master,' he fwd heartily ; ' there is no maarieian in Babylon who could do thy deed. Thou deliedest the religion of the nation as if thougavest an order to a guardsman. I looked for a riot ; nay, a revolution would not astonish me. Behold, the people growl at thee like little dogs, but they kiss the hand and obey thee. BelMero dach hath received an insult from thee, but thy head is as firm upon thy shoulders as the Ziggnrat upon its base. Thou art; not like other men !' 'My gcd is not like other go.ls,' replied Daniel quietly. ' That is the explanation of tbe matter/3 'Do all the worshippers of thy god deeds like thine V'3 enquired the Babylonian shrewdly. 'I have known many a Jew. I know but one Balatsu-usur/3 Daniel was silent. The two men paced the length of the path — they were at tlie open end, known as the 'green end,'3 of the gardens, where the grass was most abundant — and re turned again to their starting-point before the careless and boisterous soldier put to the saintly politician the abrupt question— ' Where, O prince of Israel, did Mutusa-ili go *?' 'To thel;o^m of Abraham.' replied Daniel promptly. This answer seemed to give but vague then logical light to the Babylonian, who knitted his bronze brows like a boy in the university over his first translation. ' Tell me,' he in sisted, ' is there one place for a dead Baby lonian and another for a dead Jew V Where will thy breath* go— to the westf or to tiie east V' ' As there is but one God_ who createtli and govemeth all things, so is there but one Heaven and one Sheol,' answered D.miel readily, after the manner of the law of his people. 'Whosoever forsaketh idolatry and wqrshippeth the living God shall abide with Him in the latter day ; but whither he who cleaveth to his sins shall go, whether to the west or to the east, none knowetli but the iniquitous dead, nor shall know until the end of the world. The will of Jehovan shall be done. '' ' From al! accounts, I feel an interest in this Jehovah,33 admitted the captain. ' He seems to me to be a well-meanmg god. I think, myself, a god shows to better advantage, not to go hunting, or to meddle ?with wine and women. I have no objection to Jehovah. Teach thou me more of his worship. I under stand it not, but I find it very respectable/3 Allit was thinking of Laiitha, though he did not say so. By the will of her father Laiitha was now an acknowledged Jewess and must remain so. The Jewish seer looked at the idolater help lessly. He had the tact not to say how im possible he felt it to explain Almighty God to a Babylonian soldier. He proceeded to skirt the outlines of the subject with the aptness of his race for religious polemics. The Jews were the greatest theologians of the world. 'We are the children of Adam,'3 began D.-oiirl, 'who was created of God in Eden ' Ah, yes,' interrupted Allit, ' I know that slojy. It is very like our own. There are books in our library whose antiquity no man knoweth. Susa showed me one last week — the lad is better educated than I ; I was put to the horse too early to study. But it is known even to men no more cultivated than £ that our Lady Tiauiat brought forth the first deep, when the ckmds were not, and in the earth was no seed : then had none of the gods come forth. Is thy scroll more ancient than ours ':13 Allit struck the hilt of his sword with the palm of his left hand repeatedly, as if he had made a great point. 'Go on,:l said the Jew compose liy. ' AVe b»d a flood,1' continued Allit, ' in our religion. It was a mighty Hood. Ic over spread the world. Xisuthros was saved by Bel, and his house with him, upon the moun tain of Kizir. Even upon the mountain of Nizir was Xisuthros snatched from the deep and his seed after him. I have been told that thy religion relateth a similar freshet. Now how can there be two freshets of this kiivl '' fell me, learned Jew.' *' Say on,' said Daniel quietly. 'Our Lady Tiamat/' proceeded Allit, 'hath been called in some of our tablets the ' Great Serpent.' .She was a remarkable god dess. Merodach, the brilliant god, did battle against her. She, it is well known, was the temptress f.f mankind. (She wat behind the Tree oi Life. On one si«3e of her was the man. The. woman stood upon the other. Thus weie the man and the woman tempted, in the beginning of time. Every Babylonian knoweth as much as this. Yet I understand that tlie worshipper of Jehovah worshippoth a two, a iiKin, and a woman, and the serpent who did t- mpr- Iwth the woman and the man.' ' What i-L-«-?:- asked Daniel. '1 understand not how these tilings can be,' urged the captain. 'There are many other difficulties, but 1 am not a scholar. These are all I can think of at this moment. What makest thou of them, Balatsu-usur 'r 'I make the will of God of them,' replied the Jew, without embarrassment, 'and the v.ill of Gcd no man may understand.' 'Perhaps not,' said Allit with a troubled air. ' Iiut I play not with the matter. I de hiie to understand. Is intelligent man a foolish fellow that Jehi/vah should not respect his in tellect 'i; Is thy scroll more ancient than our scroll 'i I have been taught that our religion was beiore the first Jew was born into the world/' ' If thou art indeed of an earnest mind to wards these matters,3' said Daniel more gravely, 'then will the living God meet thee earnestly. Religion is the most difficult study of all the world, O favorite of Nebuchadrezzar. Tt is not to be struck at as thou fleckest the horse with thy whip. Know thou this and respect the knowledge — In the childhood of the world did Jehovah reveal precious truths to many men. These have the wanderings of men scattered and their sins corrupted. The living God did breathe into the clay, and the iirst man wtss begotten of the spirit. Pass me thine amulet : nay, do not blush. I know that thou wearest the spell against thy heart, beneath thy breastplate. Behold the tree. It is the Tree of Life. Behold the woman. She is the Eve of the Jew. Behold the man, for he is our Adam. Look upon the serpent. Thou callest her Lady Tiamat. We call her the Devil, for God hath named her.' ' 1 begin to see/' said Allit, brightening' a little over the theological dilemma. ' You call the Lady Tiamat the Devii. Then there is our Xisuthros. You call him ? ''' 'Noah,' interrupted the Jaw. ' And vro have the mountain Xizir. You call it ? ' 'Ararat/' said Daniel promptly. 'It is Ararat/' he added with perfect assurance. Allit looked puzzled. ' Perhaps so,' he hijii'ed. ' Know thou,'' proceeded Daniel in a diffe rent tone, ' that the living God gave truth to n-.au and man corrupted the truth. Unto many nations are many marvels given and many words related. Even as the relating of :- rale goeth, captain of the guards, within the battalion, many mouths make many versions thereof. But the tale is the same tale.' ' There is some sense in that,' observed Allit 'Jehovah i.s tlie living God/3 urge I the Jew. ''He is but one, and the nations have dealt wiih him even as they have with the writings of his peop'e. The living God is cat apart among many men, even as these tales are dis tributed and cut to pieces/3 ?'I deny not, i:ay, 1 urge, that it 1)3 rs sneiiibered that our Father jLbr.ilum oa no out oi Chaldea, hi the times before tii,j fci:iii-s. I :,n: an iii.-tvin-.ted man, learn..-.l in the lor.; of C.'h:ild''.i, as 1 am in the 2;i\v ul my p*-jp!e, and know I not that it was ghvn to out' Father Abraham to know tlie religion of Chaldea'? Yea, verily. But it was given unto him to know the will of the Jiving God, that he should diw*vn bt-tw-v-n the fal-o. religion and th«.» true. Thy people hav« ?r«t Je'wvxJi. Our ]!-j-ijj2i_ ;?;.-'. v« A-fjii-Hi: ;n. Tde idol.tt 'ji- kuouvt'i * .*-v.il. 1 T!-.i.- H::1.3k!]:::ij lJ.i'Jn'* lay m!*«-».t. not the truth when he seeth it, but the Jew hath what he did choose, for God is with him. Daniel paused, but proceed impres sively: 'There is but one God. Ho ?'xisteth. He remainefch. And He dwelleth in the judgments of men. Worship thou Him. He is holy. Be thou holy. Ho is pure. Purify thyself, sun of Babylon, that thou niayest become fit for the service of Jehovan. For He is a jealous God, and He seorneth. the worship of an evil heart.' 'If the maiden will look upon me,' inter rupted Allit ingenuously, ' it is my purpjse to wed her.' Daniel smiled gravely at this practical appli cation of his theology. It might be worse, in deed ! Perhaps his proselyte was as promising as the circumstances permitted. He had opened his lips to reply to the Babylonian, when Allit touched him on the arm and pointed across the garden. The king was coming to ward them, and was unattended, Daniel was a little sorry that their conversa tion was interrupted. lie had much that he would have said — more, perhaps, than the attention of the soldier would have borne. The Jew wished to explain plainly to the idolator that the writings of the chosen people were preserved with more ecclesiastical fidelity than those e-f any other nation known to history ; that his had been the devout people of history, and had therefore saved the correct records with supreme success. He wished to make the captain understand something of the superior morality, the enthusiastic piety, and the sacred patriotism which had wrought out of the Jewish heart the finest proof of monotheism possible to that age of the world. He wished to say . . . But the king was coming. (To he continued. ) 