THE LOSS OF THE 'BIRKEN- HEAD.' Of all the wonderful instances of human courage on record, there is none more striking than that contained in the sad history of the loss of the Birbenhead troop ship. The Birkenhead was an iron paddle wheel steamer, one of the finest of her class. She sailed from Queenetown, Ireland, on the 7th January 1852. for the Cane of Good Hope, and took out a detachment of the 12th Lancers, and detachments of nine regiments of the line. She made a fair and prosperous voyage, sighted the Cape, and as she ran down the coast her passengers looked forward to a speedy release from the pleasant confinement of her decks. It was a fine afternoon, the 26th February, when the Birkenhead was steaming at full speed towards her' goal, not dreaming of harm, unconscious of the proximity, of danger. There were 638 persons on board including the ship's company, and the wives and children of tbe soldiers. Suddenly there was a blow that shook every one of the ship's timbers, the Birkenhead trembled from stem to stern, stopped, and began to sink. A rock unknown to navigators, had found her out; and, having pierced her side thrust its pointed head into the engine room. There was alarm, but no confusion. Instantly as though they had been waiting for the accident instead of waiting to go ashore, the ship's officers and the officers of the troops issued their necessary orders. The women and children were taken on the upper deck, and the soldiers were muBtered there, while the sailors, in obedience to the captain's commands, lowered the ship's boats and made ready to go. The boats being manned alongside, the women and children were handed into them, with such of the crew as were neceesary to take them to the shore. Few if any of the soldiers who saw their beloved ones departing were able to go in the boats, for it was found that the utmost the boats could accommo date without endangering the safety of their occupants, was but 184 out of the total number of 638 on board. The land was near, only a few miles distant; Simon's Bay, to which port the Birkenhead was bound, was close at hand; there was a chance that the boats might return before the final catastrophe came, or help might come at any moment from the port of destination. Some there might have been who indulged iu this hope, and who were sustained by it till it was rndely dashed to pieces ; but the majority of the men knew that escape was all but impossible; that before the boats could return from their first trip, to say nothing of a second, all would certainly be over. The force with which the ship struck had been so great as to drive the rock bodily into her; ehe was being pressed down by the weight of the water that had rushed in, and was showing signs of giving way amidships. Not a murmur was heard from the soldiers as they stood at their death parade, so hint was there of onruliness, of selfishness, or complaint. With death staring them in the face, the men felt comfort in knowing that the women and children were beyond the reach of harm. Some few solemn words of consolation, but none of earthly hope, were epoken by the colonel in command of tbe troops, and the brave captain of the Birkenbead was not slow to second him in bidding the men resign themselves to their inevitable fate. Soon the fatal moment came. The good ship which lay so badly wounded on the sharp spear that had pierced her could last no longer, she gave a few convulsive throbs, there was a cracking and a rending, and the Birkenhead parted in the middle, sinking in two pieces on either side of tbe rock. Long ere the boats could get back to her from the shore ; long before the news of her disaster conld be told at Simon's Bay, the 464 brave men who had been unavoidably left in her had given up the ghost, had been drowned in tbe sea, or been devoured by the sharks. — The World of Wonders. ' You're in a hurry,' said the impatient conductor. ' No ; you're wrong,' retorted the sarcastic passenger. Quite the reverse, I'm in an omnibus.' He (gazing at the stars): 'I wonder which are the evil stars?' She: 'The ones that wick. Certainly such conduct is very reprehensible.' 