PERSONAL PARS. A merry Christmas to all. Wanted an Act for the total prohibition—of cranks. " Freeluncher," who writes " Bar Parlor Heel taps," is considerably brightening up the pages of the Grawler Btjnyip. One of the local pressmen evidently means to rechristen Port Pirie " Borne." There is no setting bounds to the ambition of these Port Pirieans. Scrymgour earned his place in the South Aus tralian Eleven who will tackle the Sydneyites, and Quiz is glad that he has been included in the team. An express engine consumes 10 gallons of water a mile. But a member of Parliament can easily beat that record providing that the fluid is not water. Her Majesty the Queen has expressed her dis approval of rabbit coursing. What about fox hunting and badger baiting—the sport of the aristocracy ? Judging from his portraits the Due d' Orleans is an ass of the Jubilee Juggins Benzon and Lord Dunlo type. Brains and he are evidently unknown to each other. It was the Umpire, and not the Judge, who it was reported could not distinguish between a buoy and a boat six yards ahead of him in the Champion Four-oar Race. A Toorak millionaire presented bis wife with 500 Land Credit Bank shares as a birthday present. The lady will have to pay £1,000 in calls to get rid of them. Jennie Opie is mentioned as being likely to take the part of Abdallah in the Sydney Royal Pantomime. George Edwardes wont allow Grace Wrixon, a Gaiety girl, to play it. Mr. Alexander Kemp, the well known head master of the Glenelg State School, celebrates his birthday on the same day as South Australia. He cannot complain of a lack of visitors. Chief Justice Lilley, of Queensland, is not ashamed to avow his Republican views to British pressmen. Thank goodness, he will correct the nauseating sycophancy of Lieutenant-Governor Way. Fred Neebe, who ran a Pantomime in Adelaide last Christmas, got an engagement at the Parkhurst Theatre soon after his return to London. He played Mr. Hardcastle in " She Stoops to Conquer." Ex-Mayor Shaw has been laid up in London with a bad attack of gout. Can it be that James has been associating too freely with the Upper Ten 1 Anyway, he is coming back to us as fast as the gout will let him. Quiz, in view of the flooding of this benighted country with Christmas publications, has been merciful to his readers. He wishes that they may enjoy their Christmas dinner and he hasn't given them one ghost story. Albert Victor's wife that is to be has as a dowry the following names:—Victoria Mary Augusta Olga Pauline Claudine Agnes. When Albert is angry, if he will only run through the list he will save himself unnecessary swearing. Dear old Harwood—who doesn't remember the Duke Delia Volta?—has returned with his wife from his European picnic, and he assures us that a Our Nellie" is to appear in London after Christmas. A thousand thanks for the certainty. Maddison Morton, the authcfr of " Box and Cox " and a score or so of other equally well-known works, has passed away to join the staff of the New Jerusalem paper. Like many of his brethren, Morton died a poor man, almost in want of the necessaries of life. " Old Harry Morris," who has charge of the railway lines at the Broken Hill Proprietary and£? other mines, and is 76 years of age, used to drive one of the first of George Stephenson's engines, and had the great inventor as a passenger. Harry is still hale and hearty. Mr. Fred. Aldridge, of the Grand Hotel, Broken Hill, has a farm about three miles from the hill on which he breeds ponies. In consequence of the new duty of twopence a pound on grapes, Mr. Aldridge is going in for vine growing, and 20 acres will be planted next year. Alf Shaw will probably get a benefit at Trent Bridge during the next English cricket season. At present Alfred is engaged in paying over cheques on behalf of Lord Sheffield—an occupa^ tion that is tended to give a man the airs of a millionaire, but which doesn't hurt Alfred a cent. All who care a straw for art, not to mention those who have an idea that a good picture is a thing worth spending a few minutes over, cannot be excused if thev do not have a long, hard look at Gustave Dore's " Flight into Egypt," and a much longer look at Johnstone's " Pioneer," and a lot more really clever things. The Earl of Euston, whom we knew in South Australia as a station hand, Supreme Court official, Government House aide-de-camp, and as Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzroy, and a regular lady slayer, has sent out a picture of his aristocratic phyzog to his old comrades in arms. But every local officer can't be an earl all the same. There are two thoroughly good explorers now in Adelaide, and singularly enough both are devoting themselves to hotel-keeping. Their names are Tom Coward and W. D'Arcy Uhr. Both had great experience in the Queensland Police Force, and Uhr was the first to strike through from Queensland to the Northern Territory, and his track has ever since been adopted. The highwayman who stuck up and shot at Mr. C. Pearce, the bootmaker, of Hyde Park, must have felt inclined to give himself up to Maginnis and O'Hara when he found that his theft con sisted of a pair of old boots and a packet of tea A new query now is, " Is the life of a higway man" worth living V He can get tea, but no sugar At the Police Court hearing of the charge of perjury against William Koster last Saturday the accused disregarded the advice of his counsel, Mr. James Gordon, and gave evidence on oath. This put him at the mercy of Mr. Kingston, Q.C., who dragged out several awkward admissions, which made the case look much more serious than before. Moral—Don't trust to the mercy of C. C. K. when you are on the other side, as sometimes he leaves it at home, and when you employ a dog to bark don't attempt to do your own barking. 