GREAT QUESTIONS AFFECTING PRESENT LIFE. BY REV. FUED. HASTINGS. How ytel AE.E SINS OF IGNOBANCE CONDONED ? Every act has a certain, character. The character of an act may be a matter of perfect indifference to us "but it is not so to God. Every act has a wide reaching effect. It has a greater or less effect upon the well-being of the whole universe. "Wo cannot throw a stone without altering the centre of the gravity of the world;" said Carlyle. He only strongly stated a great truth. For instance, a man on one of the farms of this sunny southern land spends his time idly. Less corn is grown or gathered. The price of corn is higher, infinitesimally, to everybody in Europe. Another, instead of doing his duty in providing for the support of his.family, spends his time propping up the front of somo hotel and. alternating this with visits to the bar. He spends his money, gulps down a factory or store. He cannot pay his rates. The rest of the community has to pay increased rates. Perhaps through his neglect to pay his creditors somo individuals have less wherewith to pay. His wife and children may then come on friends for support and education. Perhaps the State has even to find the money for his interment when he ceases to breathe and do damage. We might not be able easily to apportion the amount of damage each one of a community suffers, but it is evident that no man can do evil without more or less involving others. There is so much indifferent ignorance. Men think too little of the influence of their doings. We are as ignorant of the character of some acts as we are of the number of times we breathe or steps we take. We are not always testing our lungs or thinking of the danger of fatigue from walking, we just go on breathing and walking. So with respect to acting. We are not always testing the character of our e.cts. When we do so we may discover that there was an objectionable tone or tint we little expected in this or that act. For example, • Paul stimulated by attachment to the traditional faith of Judaism persecuted relentlessly the followers of the Nazarene Christ. He found out afterwards that his motive had not been so pure as he had supposed, but that pride and prejudice had swayed him rather than real religious feeling. He blasphemed and cursed the name and tenets of Jesus, and He found afterwards that he had not been seeking to further God's glory so much as his own. He found that he had yielded to godless passion and acted "in ignorance and unbelief." Many acts that may even appear to be evidences of zeal for God may be done in sin and ignorance. The men who hunted out and arraigned those who were supposed to be wizards and witches, were zealous and conscientious Protestants. They took the parts of the Bible intended to be regarded as historical as indicative of actual supernatural powers. It is well known that some of the bitterest inquisitor? have been,—as Buckle tells us,— the most irreproachable in character. Purity of personal character however will not undo the damaging cffects of bigotry. The acts committed might be injurious but not immoral. They were done through superstition, in ignorance. We must not however attribute to bigotry all acts failing to approve themselves to us. Those things which have their root in devotion to God have to be distinguished from those which have their root in a conceited and prejudicial leaning to our own opinions. If a man receives a truth and acts up to it, that is right; but if he will not search out his foundation of action,—from fear that he should be shaken from a position, pleasureable to himself, that is wrong. Such a position might be pardonable in a Pagan, not in a Christian. With the open Bible in the hands there should be an open heart and mind. There are those who build round themselves thick, windowless walls of prejudice and thus light and air are kept out. Prejudice is not always ignorance but it is its foster brother. Ignorance to be unblameable must be complete. The truth must never have been really presented. Then there is no condemnation. The principle holds that " where there is no law there is no transgression." The law may exist, but, if unknown, it cannot be acted upon. Hence Christ said, " If I had-not come and spoken unto them they had not had sin." God's laws can be known, and if we will not recognise them we are blameable. Many are content to be in ignorance of these laws. This content is blameable. It is like that which that old Puritan of Southwark, Adams, in his comment on St. Peter's first epistle, condemns. He tells of a master who sent his servants to church, and who, when he returned, questioned the man as to what transpired. The man could not tell what the text was. He said, " The sermon was begun before I entered." " What was the conclusion ?" " Nay, but I left before the sermon was ended. " What then was the middle aud substance of the discourse?" " Alas, I fell asleep." At this the master gave up his questioning. _ Thus many are asleep to the truth. They know not its be- ginning or ending. They ignore the requirements of God's law, but the slumber, ignorance, and ignoring are blameable. Adhere there is absorption in business, pleasure or ambition, we may not discover our ignorance of the divine requirements. We may dwell in the darkness so long that we shall become blind. Ignorance in such cases has not been complete for we have had ability and opportunity to dissipate it. Such ignorance is culpable. The people who have been born in heathen lands where only savagery and superstition are dominant, cannot be accounted as equally responsible with those born in Christian lands. They have some conscience and so far as they followed it they will not be condemned even though they do things which are opposed to the revealed law of God. May we not also predicate the same in respect to many who are born in a Christian land, but who are not •effectually touched by any Christian agency ? The ignor ant and criminal classes are separated by birth from Christian influences as the others by locality. Heathen at home, as well as heathen abroad, will we believe, have special allowance made for them. Society cannot here easily determine degrees of criminality and ignorance, but it will be done by God. Suffering" has to be inflicted here at times that is disproportionate. This is in a measure unjust although done for the public safety, but no injustice will ever casta shadow over the great white throne. In the laws given by the legislator Moses to Israel, we find that allowance was to be made for ignorance in the case of any injury wrought. The fourth chapter of Leviticus is all about the " unwitting" sins of people and priests. There directions are given as to how these sins of ignorance were to be allowed for. The establishment of Cities of Refuge was on the very plane of mercy. They were not for those by whom intentional injuries were wrought or deaths caused, but for unwitting and unintentional. One was placed 011 the border of every two tribes. They were easily reached. The appointment of these six refuges was an indication that all were judged according to knowledge and motive. Under the gospel there is the same provision. Christ's work is the divine method of making allowance for human ignorance and covering human guilt. Jesus definitely tells us that the man who knew not his Lord's will " shall be beaten with few stripes." Moreover, his prayer, " Father forgive them for they know not what they do," is equivalent to an assertion that they would be forgiven, that they would look with desire on Him whom they had pierced. When Peter went, by the guidance of the Spirit, to see Cornelius, it came upon the apostle like a flash of brilliant light that those who darkly strove to do God's will "were accepted of Him." Paul at Athens spoke of times of ignorance that God " winked at," or as the revised version renders it " overlooked." Those who had the law, whether written on tablets or consciences, were responsible ; but those who were really ignorant were pitied and saved. Wrong or injury had been done. They could not protect from the consequences that follow unknown and willing sin. The provision made under the early system of Moses is a hint of that made from ail eternity by God. Further, it is found that naturally sins of ignorance are not such an hindrance to the working of a change in the soul by divine mercy as are those of knowledge, prejudice, and wilfulness. The soul is more open to the influences of divine grace. Bolts and bars of habitual and wilful sin are not fastened inside. That which has been only ignorantly opposed easily yields. Suppose a man has been ignorant of the full claims of Christ, ignorant of Ilis death of vicarious worth, ignorant of his love of infinite tenderness, but is told of tlieui kindly, will he not be more ready to receive the truths than a man who loves his own way and clings to sinful indulgences, or than one who becomes hardened by habitual hearing ? Once in one of my wanderings I stopped to talk with a man who was lounging on a bank and watching his horse feed. He held it by a long rope and amused himself by plucking a choice handful of grass to give it ever and anon. I spoke^of heaven, he said, " I suppose it is a place where the rich go when they die." I spoke of the soul, he said, "I don't know whether I have a soul or not. Then mentioning the Sabbath and asking how it was spent, he said, "My Sabbath is to lounge here and watch my horse feed'." I spoke of the future, "he said he had not begun to think of it," When I spoke of Christ, he said, "Ah! who is He?" Is He a real person ? Where does He live ? Is He some great man ?" There was a readiness and an eagerness to hear of Him, to know of His great love. The man had prejudice against people who were hard, though called Christ- ians but none against Christ. That man was more ready to believe than many who listen, and listen, and listen time after time but who are unmoved, unmelted, unrenewed, unconsented. Will not his longing be gratified and his ignorance condoned somehow hereafter. ? The danger of speaking on such a subject and in this way is in the fact that some arc only too ready to shelter themselves behind the plea of ignorance. They wish to continue their present course of life, and not be obliged to see its probable sinfulness. We must, however avoid that now. Look at the character of Christ and contrast ours with that. See its purity, unselfishness, tenderness, and love, then bo humbled. We have had misconceptions and'have yielded to wrong doings. Catch a glimpse of Christ, and let us see like Peter our characters m their true light. We, like Peter, may be ready to ask Christ to depart from us "because we are sinful men." Peter did not shelter himself behind the plea of ignorance, but confessed his sinfulness at once. We must not forget that sins of ignorance place us at times in danger similar to that incurred by wilful sin. Every man before the civil law, is held responsible for his acts unless he be an idiot or insane. The natural consequences of an act committed in ignorance are the same as if by intention. A man struck a fuse on an exploded shell, and he was soon shattered, elevated, returning dismembered. He could not tell in the end the result of the experiment. The natural consequences was the same as if he had not been ignorant. The field sown with tares will not produce wheat because a mistake has been made in respect to the seed. Our acts produce certain results whether we are ignorant or not of the moral consequences. God does not interfere to prevent the working out naturally of the consequences of our acts. If we "forage in the wilds of vice" we must pay the penalty. A professed ignorance will not save us from the penalty. It would be but a poor satisfaction to a perishing soul to know that it had lost its chance of eternal life through culpable ignorance. There is great danger attached to sinning ignorantly. We are told that there are some who will be saved " so as by fire," that they will " Buffer loss" though saved Those, therefore, who continue ignorantly in certain sins and who might yet be saved by mercy, must suffer certain loss. The years of ignorance and sin will not be blotted out at once from memory nor the waste be immediately repaired. Let us not then be deluded by the deceitfulness of sin. H we should find ourselves yielding to sin let us not say we did it ignorantly. Should we utter a harsh word, a mean undermining suggestion, or a slur on any character we should not be ignorant. Should we give way to the utterance of an oath or the exhibition of ill temper, we should not be ignorant of its sinfulness. Should we circumvent anyone by a piece of trickery— should we tell a doubtful fact, or speed a lie in its course— should we seek man's approval rather than God's,— should we cherish the bitter bigotted spirit,—should we harbour a sensual desire, an unhallowed unlawful thought, we could not say it was done ignorantly. We know it would be sin. We should despise ourselves for the excuse. We should despise the subterfuge of ignorance. Yea, as we despise the act of Judas in betraying his Master for money,— as we despise the scheming ecclesiastics who purchased the death of the innocent for money,—as we despise the oct of a Simon Magus who would purchase the gift of the Holy Ghost with money,—so should we despise ourselves if, continuing in known sin, we seized on the plead of ignorance, or presumed on the mercy of God. Should it not make us grateful and devoted to Him how God meets our sins of ignorance with His mercy and our neglects by His love ? He came in Christ to place himself beside us and to arouse in us knowledge of His love. He bore in Christ our burden of sin. The divine heart yearned after us. God sought to win us from ignorance and sin. In that remarkable work by H. Beecher Stowe, "Uncle Tom's Cabin," the bright, ethereal child of St. Clair is represented as sitting beside the dark Topsy, and saying in a sudden outburst of feeling, "I do love you because you have no father, no mother, no friend, and because you have been a poor abused child. I love you and I so want you to be good." At such an appeal the " keen round eyes of the black child were overcast with tears, large bright drops rolled heavily down one by one, and fell in the little white hand of the pleader. Then a ray of real belief, a ray of heavenly love penetrated the darkness of a heathen soul." The scene is most touching. Shall not a ray of Christ's love penetrate ours ? Shall the untutored heathen rise up to condemn us for hardness ? Shall we who know of divine mercy in bearing even with our past sins of ignorance remain stolid ? Shall we, knowing our need to pray, " Create in me a clean heart," be unrenewed ? Shall we longer listen before we decide to serve him who" alone is worthy our devotion ? Shall we need more explanations still of how he came to deliver from sin by bearing for us sin's penalty ? Shall we be wilfully indifferent to infinite love when we can no longer be sinlessly ignorant thereof ? No, but let us say in the spirit of St. Paul, "I obtained mercy because I sinned in ignorance and unbelief, that in me, Jesus Christ might shew forth all long suffering for a pattern to them that should hereafter believe 011 Him to life everlasting." 