THE YOUNG FOLKS. CAPTIVE ANIMALS. In the course of some interesting gossip on the treatment of fmitnwla in captivit,, a contemporary gives the following: Xatiire, when she wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her capacities when she patented a mandrill, This baboon has a inuzijk such as would lie manufactured by an artioac upholsterer who hac pleated together pretty folds of blueandlight purplish pick stuffs. Although his head decoration is so distingue^ bis beauty is bnt skin deep, for he enjoys the reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon—"Beal mean," said the keeper. The singularity of his head colours makes the mandrill a popular show animal. He is an expensive brute, requiring great care. The difficulty in captivity is to get him over his second year, for the older be . is the more conspicuous is that pauited face of his, which would make any self-respecting ghost-dancing Indian jealous. " Tliis to&ndrill;, now in his third year," said the keeper," is getting along very welL We watch his condition carefully. We give him raw eggs every day, .and he shall havesome now." The mandrill clutched a couple of eggs offered him, was careful to hide the one he did not bold, and commenced nibbling the shell of one. Now he flirted all the white into his mouth, not spilling a drop, and then put the whole shell in his maw. Xest he tilted back his head, and so took down the yolk. " He enjoys that very much. I give him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, and he puts it down as if he liked it." "But tempexauce people always point to the the moral that perverted man is the only- creature who indulges in spirits." "Well,it may not be natural to that mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it -now. It's medicine, of course. Now come and look at our giraffe. He is in splendid condition. The trouble about such a big beast in confinement is that he is forced to stand in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, and he would get cold, and that would soon end him. As you see, the weight comes on his cleft forefeet, and one of them has spread a good dead, and we will have to clip it. He eats crushed oats, the best clover nay, apples, carrots, and has his quart of milk with his water every day. Now you shall see our lions and tigers. Here we have a brace of fairly lively nou whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in time they will get used to one another. Oh, those spats don't amount to anything. You see the trouble about those tigers ? Isn't it a pity ?" I did look, and—distressing sight!—the tigers tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. "That was one of our great misfortunes, and just one of those things that can't be always guarded against. One night, after exhibiting, we had to strike tents, and move off in double quick time. Somebody in the dark wheeled the van with these two sweet tigers near those dratted hyenas. The tigers flirted their tails. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. Just a couple • uf snaps, and the job was done, and'the value of these tigers diminished S5 per cent. You had better not stand too close. All these animalB have a mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is more danger outside of the cage than in it. There are few things sharper than a tiger's claws. See." Thereupon the keeper drew out of his pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as sharp as steel, with fish-hook curves. "We have to cut their claws quite often. Whenever we introduce a new lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence so far as claws go, and lessen the offensiveness of the rest of them by dipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. They don't lute him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely alone. If we didn't do that, the newjbeast would have his hide all cut. It]e not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger's clawa, or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a claw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tackle, a half-dozen strong topes, and as many men. The most troublesome rope is the one to be put around the neck. The brute would choke Wiraelf if not for the precaution we take to secure one foreleg with his shoulder in the noose. Other ropes are attached to bis fore leg and bind ones, and he is stretched on his ode, and is as helpless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement mien the oi ation iB over which at once loosens them. T it is jnst as if you bad coiled up a thousand horse-power steel spring, and let it go sudden. The van just vibrates. Lions suffer from lung troubles and rheumatism. We give them milk, quinine, rum. Sometimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a A"*"" just as a cat doei with a mouse—kind of enjoying it. They often have milk. We u«e great care in butchering their meat, and watch out for splinters of bone which wóuld choke them." / 