THE EPSOM HANDICAP AND METROP. (Br 'Eablt Bino.') . -After many weary weeks of waiting and anxiety horse-owners, trainers, and sport ing peoplo in Ronoral liavo boon somewhat roliovod by Mr. Sciirr issuing tho weights for the two most important handicaps to be'ruu at tho A.J.C. Metropolitan Stakes Mooting on September 12 and 16. . To use tho old storeotypod phraso, ' Ho has dono his. work well.' So woll indeed that' it 'is very difficult to pick many holes in his coat. Still, there may bo a ' fow inaccuraciea, or apparent ones, and perhaps tho greatest is in his start off for tho . ?????' EPSOM HANDICAP with respect to Marvel, who ho has plftcod ou the same mark ns Bungobah. Good horse though tho latter undoubtedly is. Marvel must hold him as safe as though he , wore in gaol. That tho sou of La Bolle is capable of knocking ' at' tho door with lOat 21b' in' something like lmin 41sec or' 42sec no one will disbelieve. , His good exploit in the Doncaster Handicap, with ?lib less^when he finished on Paris' tail in lmin' 4Osoc, is suliiciont to prove this. Bungebah is by '? no means a duffer, as C shown by his victories in this race last year and the Newmarket Handicap. Still, in my : opinion he has not the ghost of a show...with his doughty' opponeut at the, same' weights, and'by way of further con teritipn.I .wouidlike to remind my readers, 'if','' the i' fact that- Marvel- defeated the :uiigh'ty JCarbine with , only lib between themi;v and that in the mud, in 1.43.' ?.ijassingr along it may be as well to mention;, that Spldndorahas left the turf, for'. the' paddock. Paris is only a handful, but he is good at that. Still, I scarcely think after Mr. H. C. White's candid e5cpression of opinion in these. columns that he will start. Retort and Ernest have been left with a show, and further down.tho30 in tho. 7sfc. odd division who should not cavil appear to be Wild Rose, Centaur, Albemarle, Theodore, Sunshine, Helone,'PaUisser, Mantilla, Corvette, Ves pasia, Tho Markee, and Biragambil. Harking back, I might with fairness say a word or two about a couple br so of this batch. Sunshine ran such a great 'colt1' on Saturday last that it is fair ,to- presume ho can negotiate a mile in such creditable time as to entitle ,'h'im to tho greatest of respect. Centaur may or may not bo as good a3 in days of old, and can bo loft alono until things develop. Albemarlo as a two- year-old shaped well enough for anything,' and tho same may be said about Theodore. Helene has demonstrated lier ability to gallop, and great -things are expected from the Nordonfeldt horse Pallissor. Mantilla can not be despised, and should nearly win, whilo Corvotto in hor earlier days exhibited a great dash of foot, which ontitles her to .respect. Vespasia, though1 aged, is by no means out of the fray, -while Tho Markee, by his exploits oven so recently as the late Victorian campaign, deserves every respect. Bira g'ambil I do not know what to say about, turilier than that X hold him in tho highest estimate, but I scarcely think ho ?will 'Start. Outside these, and coming lower down, those with a show look to me like Warrogo, Escort, Dilisk, Tho Swell, Denman, Oxenharn, Bedtime, and Alcides To sum 'thenvup.I will tako tho following against tho field.— Marvel Wild Rose Theobore Sunshine Mantilla, or The Mabkee. METROPOLITAN STAKES. Tho pick of the abovb appear to me to be HianooKN; Sin Williaii Feknando ' ? Little Bebnis Kilulok Mantilla and ifcNSUINE. 