NORFOLK ISLAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) June 30. The Melanesian Mission barque, Southern Cross, Captain Hugget, arrived back from her first trip to the islands at noon on the 17th, punctually to her time. The Rev. Mr. Ozanne was the only passenger, the other missionaries having been left at their stations – Messrs. Cull- wick at Banks, Forrest at Santa Cruz, Robin at Torres, and Comins at the Solomon Islands. All the stations of the mission have been visited by the vessel, and there is nothing eventful to record. The Southern Cross will proceed to Auckland on the usual midwinter trip for mission stores, and returning thence without delay to take up the work. Monday, the 8th of the month, was the thirty-fifth anniversary of the Pitcairn occupa- tion of Norfolk Island, and was as usual kept a very close holiday. The usual "Bounty" pageant, once the peculiar and popular feature of the day's proceedings, was on this occasion dispensed with; and a cricket match, the only diversion, took its place, and caused a little mild excitement to those interested. Nearly everybody on the island picnicked together in a sheltered nook, front- ing the miniature Emily Bay. As on last year, the occupants of the mission station at St. Barnabas, native boys and girls too, numbering some 130, were invited, and all seemed to enjoy the day's outing and the kind consideration which prompted the invitation. The following Thursday was another red letter day. It was the Feast of St. Barnabas, the name saint of the mission, and the twenty- fifth anniversary of the establishment of the Melanesian Mission on Norfolk Island. In accordance with the custom inaugurated by Bishop Selwyn last year, Holy Communion was celebrated in the mission chapel in the morn- ing, all who chose to go being invited, and con- siderably over a hundred availed themselves of the Bishop's invitation, arid like last year, after the service breakfast was provided by the genial missionaries for their guests in the capacious hall. Bishop Selwyn himself very ably took the lead last year in the after proceedings, which is in fact to give a résumé of the year's mission work, but on this occasion on account of his lamentable illness the Rev. Principal John Palmer occupied the chair. Before pro- ceeding to business the rev. gentleman read a letter from Bishop Selwyn to the assembled Norfolk Islanders, which caused profound sympathy and sorrow. It was as follows:— "My Dear Friends, —I need not tell you how sorry I am not to be with you to-day; for, first of all, I wish to thank you all for the great kindness and sympathy you have all shown me in my illness. I have not been able to see many people, but believe me I thank you all, all the people of Norfolk Island, from the very bottom of my heart. And secondly, I should specially have wished to be with you to-day, as it is the fiftieth anniversary of the first St. Barnabas Association. Fifty years ago my father left England, and his friends then told him that yearly on St. Barnabas Day they would meet together at Eton to pray for him, to hear of his work, and to subscribe to help it; and from that day to this they have so met, and will, I trust, meet to-day. It seems to me a wonderful proof of the influence exer- cised on men's hearts by the love which my father had won among his friends, by his character and wonderful power of friendship. Dear friends, I think it is one of the lessons we can learn from to-day: as each one of us can make our influence felt by the holiness of our lives, and the power which friendship gives us. And nowhere is that double power better shown than in the life of St. Barnabas. He was a good man and full of the Holy Ghost, and in that goodness and with that power he went everywhere, the son of consolation bearing brightness and light. It was he who was sent by the Apostles to Antioch, and rejoiced greatly over the converts in that city. It was he who when all men stood aloof in fear of St. Paul took him and brought him to the Apostles. It was he again who went to Tarsus to bring Paul out of his retirement to commence the wonder- ful missionary work; and lastly, it was he who withstood St. Paul in order to save his erring nephew St, Mark, and he did save him, as St. Paul said himself, 'Take Mark and bring him with thee (into the midst of terrible dangers), for he is profitable to me for the ministry.' Such, dear friends, can we be—re- joicing with those who rejoice in God, ever ready to lend a helping hand, trying to raise up those who are fallen, and doing it all by the power of God's Holy Spirit. But I must not preach you a sermon, only these thoughts have been in my mind and have helped me as I hope they will you. I am afraid that neither my strength nor my paper will allow me to tell you anything of mission work. Mr. Palmer and my other fellow-workers will speak of that, and therefore I will only thank you for coming here to-day to pray with us and for us, that it may prosper in our hands. But perhaps I say 'our hands' unadvisedly. I am going away under doctor's orders, and I know not what God has in store for me. It may be that I may recover sufficiently to return to my work here. It may be that I must give place to a younger and stronger man. I cannot tell, I must leave it in God's hands. But whether I come back or not my heart will always be with the mission and with you, and I shall never cease to pray that God may stablish, strengthen, settle you; and I feel sure you will pray for me and mine." The rev. gentleman and his hearers were visibly affected during the reading of this pathetic valedictory. Mr. Palmer afterwards gave a very interesting account of the work done at the Bank Islands; Mr. Brittain, Maiwo (Hebrides); and Dr. Welshman, whose station is at Bagota, Ysabel, in the midst of the head-hunting cannibals of Melanta and New Georgia. It would appear from the accounts given that a missionary's life is not by any means a bed of roses; on the contrary, it is oftentimes beset with heartrending trials and anxieties. Bishop Selwyn is expected to leave the island in H.M.S. Rapid, expected next Wednesday on her way to Sydney. He will be accompanied by Mrs. Selwyn and Dr. Welshman, and may per- haps proceed direct to England; the two children and nurse go by way of Auckland in the Southern Cross, and will meet the party in Sydney. The state of the Bishop's health is much more satisfactory than it was, and gives strong hope of ultimate recovery. Last Sunday he was carried into the chapel, and he has been on the veranda and outside once or twice since. It is to be hoped the change will be beneficial and allow him to return to his work, for his whole soul appears to be centred in it. His leaving the mission for good would be a very sad blow indeed, not only to the mission, but to our community also, for many reasons, not the least of which is that he is so loved and respected by all blacks and whites alike as the upright judge, and because he does things man fashion, straight from the shoulder. The weather the last two or three weeks has been very variable, as indeed it has been all the year through, heavy westerly squalls, ac- companied with rain, making outside locomo- tion very sloppy indeed. Truly these Americans (writes a lady jour- nalist) are a wonderful people! They have accepted the McKinley tariff law with enthu- siasm, and as soon as they have got it they have set to work to evade its restrictions wherever they affect themselves. For instance, the bill puts a heavy duty on eggs. Conse- quently a smart Yankee from Maine has bought a piece of land on the borders of Mexico. He has built a shed, one end of which is in Mexico and the other in the United States. On the Mexican side he feeds an enormous number of fowls on the cheap grain of Mexico. At the American end most luxuriously comfortable nests are placed. In this ingenious way the unconscious hens become feathered smugglers on behalf of their shrewd owner. They are fed in Mexico, but live in the States, and the evasion of the egg duty, where they are con- cerned, is complete. FRY'S PURE COCOA. Sir Charles Cameron, M.D., President of the Royal College of Surgeons, Ireland writes:—"I have never tasted cocoa that I like so much, and I strongly recommend it."—[ADVT.] Some folks are so sharp that they will cut you if you neglect your looks. Restore your faded hair to its youthful colour and brightness with Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer.— [ADVT.] 