LADY CHRE WYND'S SPECTRE, CHAPTER XXIV. TIIE CONSPIRATORS APPALLED. .It was no optical illusion, Gilbert. Sylvia saw it; let us question her.' The marquis and Gilbert Monk en= tered the dressingroom. Miss Monk itood beforethe fire,her cheeks glowing but there was a look of awful dread and horror still in her eyes. She imagined that the spirit of the woman whom she believed she had murdered had returned to haunt her for her crime. In her first horror she had been a very coward. 8he had crept away upstairs to her own room, and had the given way all her terrors. The old East Indian nurse head given her usual remedy, aod'rUnt ,igdraugbhtnd had comforted her, and inspired her with fresh'etrenli and courage. . Under all her superstitious and peculiar weakness Miss rMonk possessed an iron will and remorseless nature. Nothing had, so far, stood in her way in her attempts to win Lord Chetwynd. Now that he was fairly won and again lbetrothed to her, she determined that not even' a visitant from the other Sorld should take him from her. Have. 'ig this resolved, she returned to tie drawing room only a moment before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. .-She welcomed his return with. a look of gloomy reproach. Then as if relenting she swept towards him,caught his arm add cried out ; 'Oh Roy why did you thrdw me from youl, Why did you dart. away so abruptlyl You frightened me: How ny heart beats still! What was the matter?': Chetwynd was astonished. : "Didyou not see Bernice'l he asked 'Were you not looking at yonder arch way?' a . t 'I was looking at the archway,' rep lied the consummate actress,but no one was near it Roy. What do you mean, ly your allusion to Bernice? It cannot be that you fancied you saw her?' 'I thought-I aaw' her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I could have sworn that I beheld.my lost wife. And you did not see her? Oan it have been an illus ioni Gilbert was standing near the door way of the conservatory, and he says that no one came in or went by that way. , i Sylvia wept a sudden keen glance at her brother, but his face was (impa sible. 'She detepninedto have an inter . iew with B:in?m: upon tii' 'jsubject later. 'It was cerisinly san optical illusioii sait ylvia in her aibilant voice. Had anyune stood.in the doorway I must have seen.her, No, no,dear Roy. You have been over excited to night, ad iiiagination has conjured up a mere optical 'illusion. That is all. With two good witnesses in Gilbert and " me that no one was there, you ought to resign your singular conviction. : ChetR ynd was staggered .in " his belief. 'He put his hand to his fore, head oaying nollowly 'Can I have been mistaken? Was it alla freak of iy over excited brain? It is easier to believe that than to believe' that, the dead can return; and yet could my imagination have pictured, her'ip all that splendour of loveliness in the glory of a perfect beauty such'as l haveneyer seen? I cannot explain SHe leaned against the low mantle piece and Sylvia laid-her red cheek on on his aim in a caressing .fond ness. ''Gilbert,'" she said proudly, 'my place is.heer; .at Roy's side. hence forth.. May. Itell him Royl Yest L it~; e S1i llot Our por b tro, thal-Roy's and mime-is renewed. We are to be married-Roy anod I.' 'I congratulate you, Chetwynd upon havina-won true and loving heart,' said Monik etending his hard to the marquis renewal of old relations will assuredly prove for the best. I suppose Sylvia won't mind my telling you -now that she has loved you all along with a rare devotion. I hope you two will bh happy. Sylvia my dear he added lightly,'take care that your future lord has no further attack of the meg, rims. You don't know how happy your re-engagement has made me.' He certainly looked delighted-as if some great personal .:good .to himself were to. spring out -of the marri .age. : . 'IF am not myssaif,' said. Lord Chet' wynd with a troubled smile. 'I seem suddenlyito make the discovery that 1 .hav& .nerves. 'I'll. go to my. room if youi'll excuse _me, Fylvia, I am gzeatly-' greately fatigued , after my . hav' had a suite of the tower room p-repared for your occupancy, Roy if you would perfer them,' said Sylvia; ibut your old rooms are in perfect order and unlocked. I have taken care of them myself during your absence, as you r-quested. There are fires in them now. 'Then I will occupy them,' said his lordship 'Good night Sylvia;good night Gilbert.' Miss Monk put up her face to be kissed quite as a matter of course, Ohetwynd bestowed the. caress in a brotherly fashion, and withdrew going up to the rooms he had occupied with Bernice. Gilbert Monk made a movement to withdraw into the conservatory, but Sylvia detained him. 'What do you want' he asked with an exhibition of surliness. 'I want to know if you were in the conservatory during some fifteen minutes previous to Lord Chetwynd's 'optical'illusion,' demanded Miss Monk with -sarcastic emphasis. -.Monk replied in the affirative. 'And you saw no one enter or go outt' M?onk hastened to utter a neg. ative. 'I dcn't believe you,' said the refined Sylvia with considerable rudeness. 'I1 know better. I saw the ghost if it was a ghost, and so did you. What is your object in denying the fact to mel'. 'I have no object. I saw no ghost and 1 can swear to my. denial, if you choeso.' 'What folly ! As if I would I,elieve your oatis soon than your word!' excl aimod:Mir. Monka,, omscwhat. ao.t n gn. ously. 'If the creature were not a ghost, what was she? Was the whole thing a trick, Gilbert? Is some girl playing the ghost of Bernice Ohet :wynd for purposes of her ownl' 'I tell you I saw no one.' ,and I tell you that you did,' re toted Miss Monk. 'I saw her, and if you' were near the door of the con servatory, you also .saw her. If you persist-it denying the fact, it is for someo purpose of your own. You would better make me your confidant, Gilbert. I assure you that we can work better together than sepernte. You are playing some game of your own, I am persuaded, but you wou:d do well to pause just here and take me into you confidence.' S-our imaginalion is equal to Chet wynd's,' responded Monk coolly. 'if I am playing a game my own, it is deep 'enough to be hidden from even your eyes sister mine; but I'm not. I'm simply bewildered with all this talk ghosts, as if they were tangible person, to be seen like ordinary flsh -and blood people and by everybody. Yod must have been r: adiig Mrs Orowe. You would do better to thiLk of the great yictory you have won. I advise you to hasten your marriage. I have nearly run through my thousand pounds, and I want more. You rem ember that you promised me an annuity of a thousand pounds on your becom ing Lady Ohetwynd. Burry on the marriage-that is my advice.' He kissed his fingers toher carelessly aind sauntered away into the conser vatory, thence hurrying out into the grounds.: -- ; - - - o~,'MisiMonk loo ed afterhim~With a puziled firwiid. - . -'I wish I knew whats cheme occupies him now,' she thought. 'Gilbert has changed during the past year. I must confess he is getting too deep for me. I don't. fathom him. What prompts him to deny that he saw that figure in white? 'If it was a spectre, he 'must have seen it, since it was visible to both Roy and me. If it was not aghost what was it? On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows,' With this conviction, Miss Monk went up to her own room. \- he found old Rsgeo in the dressing room, just unlocking the doors of the precious last Indian cabinet. The old ayah stared at Miss Monk's entlaruce, aud.bastened to lock the door opening into the hall, She then returnedto the caibinet, and opened the secret com. pertmnent, and took out the tiny gold box of rare East Indian poisons. 'What are you going to dol' aslrd Miss Monk,; sinkiogs'--oluxuriouly Intot an easy chair. 'I wantto see that my globules haveB not.been timpered with,' respon ded old Ragee. . 'I feel uneasy missy about that ghobst, It can't be possa~ I)J that F iade a mwitake1 the girl · , i . ;: , ?. would have died in her coffin all the same-no she would have res. vred. her consciousness at lthe ent ct three days. It's all tightmies LL.t 1 jist make sure.' Miss Monk watched leo attendant with languid interet, while the ayah opened the two plials we..have before Sdscribed. IThere were one hundred globules'a in each.' muttered the old woman. :1 took one out of phial number two, leaving ninty nine. I will count them.' She proceeded to do so with labor ious exuctness. 'It a right,' shF. announced. There are just finty nine remaining. 1 can't tell yu whliat made me so foolish, bu, just as soon as you saoke of the ghost I felt a desire to look at these phials.' 'Look at the vial number three,' said Miss .Monk, 'still that's all no:.sense. It's all right; only there's one thing sare R?gee-Gilbert knows something .about that ghost, or whatever it , was. iHe swears he saw notling. .I wish'I 'knew what game of his own he is playing. There's one thing sure-he knows the secret of that mysterious intruder of to night. The old ayah's eyes gleamed with a sudden light. She hurridly seized upon the third phial opened it. and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her face whenshe had finish ed. She repeated the counting again and again. 'Can't you make is count rightl'asked Miss Monk; with a sudden in terest. 'There'd only ninty-eight globules here,' answered the old woman kindly. 'And there was a hundred?' 'Exactly that-a hundred in each phial. 'You may have dropped a couple,' and Miss Monk' began to search. 'Stay missy,' said the old ayah in a tone of deep significance; 'answer me a question. Was Gilbert at home on the day Lady Chetwynd was taken ills' 'Yea Don't you remember that he was in my boudoir before dinner, and that he went upto town after dinner without returning to the drawing room. Ie came down to borrow money-I re member distinctly. We had guests to dine with us.' 'Was he in your bondoir before we opened this cabinet, and talked about Lady Chetwyndi'. 'Yes; he went out and I called you, and we came in here,' 'Ab 1 and he was back in three days' time?' 'Yes I telegraphed him that Lady Othetwynd.--: d..d_. You knn.ew all this why do you ask so many unimpor. tant questiones 'Simply to confirm my ovn suspic ion and remembrances,' said the old woman, her black face growing yellow Missy, Gilbert Monk is as keen as a. tiger that scents blood. He suspected us. When we went up from your room that day, he must have slipped in here. The doors were locked, it is true; how did he getin' With a bit of wire perhaps, He is keen is Gilbert Monk. He bid in here; he heard all wesaid. Iremember l went to my room for another phial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicion complete, and deepened them into dead certainty. If you had been absent from this room a moment-' Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. 'I was absent.' she ejaculated. Lady Chetwynd came to the door of boudoir for a piece of music.' 'Then all is clear. Gilbert changed the globules, and took an extra one out of the phial number three. He was back in three days... He gave her lady ship more of the drug.-She was buried. He rescued her. He has hidden her somewhere all these months. Lady hoetwynd lives. It was no ghost but Lady Ohetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night!' CHAPTER XXV. A DISTURBING PRESENCE. The announcement of old Ragee's instinctive conviction that Lady Ohet wynd lived, and that it was herself and not her spectre Sylvia Monk had seen,, was delivered with a startling ,vehemen~ce that for an instant almost carri id chnvicticinoledd: tiSylvia's heart. She looked .appalled.. The' handsome swartby face last its deep red stain in checks and lips; the dull black eyes opened wide in an expressions of utter terror and abhorrence, i'A live Bernice alive I' she whispered hollowly. 'Imrpossible.' 'Not smpossible missy if Gilbert Monk should have circumvented our plans,' said old R?gte, nodding her turbaned head, her witch.like features working convulsively. 'I did not suspect him of being so deep, but depend upon it he was hid in these rooms upon that day so long ago when we planned Lady Chetwynd's death andhe changed the globules you should have given young Lady Chetwynd.' 'I don't believe it,' said Miss Monk with a sudden vehemence. 'I tel!?'you it is not so. I would rather believe that I saw-gYmt titfniglitth--fi that I- saw the living Bernice Chetwynd. I can prove to my own satisfaction that it was sot Bernice. If it were the trueLady Chetwynd in the body,where has she been all these fifteen months since her buriall' 'Gilbert might have kept her out of pi.ht for tome pprpoIe of his own,' 'If it had been Lady Chetwynd in the flesh,' demanded Sylvia Monk, 'why did she not speak'i Why did not rush into ,he room and throw her self into her husband's arms?' The old East Indian woman shook her head. Theques'ion was to her also unanswerable. Sylvia Monk's face began ro..glow with a certain triumph. She perferred to believe as she had said, that she had seen aghost rather than a living woman. Aghast would be powerless to punish h-r for her crime-, but the return of Bernice Chetw)nd in the flesh would destroy Sylvia utterly annihilate all her hopes; frustrate her ambition and reduce her again to the position of the pt ar dependent, unless her guilt were fathomed in which case she would be driven away from Ohetwynd P.rk in dire disgrace. -No, no. All her energies must bs bent on, proving tier rival's death. . i 'ABh you "annot. anawei' "'heex claimed with- thrill of jabilancq in: her tones. I taonght 'not and 'Gilbert was toe unmoved and quiet to have suffered recent alarm. He had not see the vision or spectre. Iam per. suaded of that, whatever I may have thought earlier. Had Bernice been liv ing and bad she escaped from some place in which he had put her, Gilbert a Auld have been eager, and restlhss, half wild to recapture her, while Bernice would have flown to her tine band's arms. No, no. IrepeitGilbert did not see the spectre and it was a spectre.' Old Ragee evidently began to waver in her belief. As Sylvia marked the wavering her jubilance increased. 'I have another argument,' continued Miss Monk, 'aud it Is as powerful as the otherrs. The 3parition of to night locked like Bernice, but like Bernice glor,fied in a radiant lovelines abeauty like that of the angels-if there are angels. Now Bernice was plain but for her eyes. Bernice could never have developed into a rare and raidont beauty such as that which distin, guished this Ept ctre of to-night-I mean the living Bernice cou.d not have so developedbut the angel Bernice might look like that perhaps. In short, Itagee everything goes to prove that the apparition of this evening was not the living Bernice. 'I don't know,' said the bild East Indian woman, doubtfully. '1 own am puzzled. If it had been the real Bernice she would have said something or flown to tier husband's arms. That she did not do so is a strong argument against the idea of it being Bernice. I have another the ory missy. if Gilbert had any object to achieve by having a spectre been here I might think he had procured some woman to- personate, Lady Chetwynd. It's a puzzle al together. Gilbert will bear watching. If he did exchange tla globules, he had one in his possession now. As he knows its .importance and value he would guard it carefully. Can we not dtscover if he has the globules? .You have made a mistake in coun ting, or there were not. originally a hundred 'globules in each phial,' de clared. Sylvia, positively. 'We have been scared beyond all reason. We will be watchful of Gilbert, but I am persuaded that I saw a spectre to-night. Why should Bernice come back after all these months from the other worlds Chetwynd saw her first, so that she did not come to haunt me. There was no angerin her face,only agreat grief. Well !I. -er grieve if she chooses,' Miss Monk added lightly; 'I can afford to rejoice. I am again engaged to marry Lord Chetwynd. 1 shall hurry on the marriage. I shall write to town to morrow to my dressmaker, and I shall go up next week to purchase my trousseau. The bills can be sent in after my- marriage, unless Chetwynd gives me 'carteblanche' for my pre. parations, which he will do. He is generosity itself, as he can afford to be with his immense and pricely income. Ah Ragee, 1 shall live here like a queen. The town house shall be opened the villa at Brighton shall be refornished and I shall make changes here at the Park. We will spend next winter at Ohetwynd's villa at Mentone. Ah! what a life 1 shall lead-full of gayety and splendour! I stand at last upon the eve of the fulfillment of all my hopes and schemes.' ,. She.leaned back on the cushions of her chairi-ii si delicious"etgl?eti nt ?Old Ragee locked up tier tiny gold lio of deadly drugs and restored them to the secret compartment of the Indian cabinet. As the locked the silver mounted door of thelatter, and pushed the silver butterfly into its place ovwr the intricate lock, she shook her weird turbaned head and muttered in a tone to low to reach Sylvia's ears 'If missy is satisfied let her remain so. But as for me I am not satisfied. I'11 watch Gilbert. 1'11 examine his trunk and clothes in search of the missing globule. i'll dog him like his shadow, I'll know if a spectre has come to haunt Chetwynd Park-ifaome strange woman is personating Lady Chetiynd-or if her ladyship is alive. If she's alive there's danger ahead for as and I must be on my guard to meet it.· .If. she is alive she'll not be living long.' The old woman set her lips together grimly, and a meaning look gleamed in her small fustive eyes. While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself into a false security, and while old Rageelwasa4etermining to probe thd ,aystety that was so graugbt with danger to her idolized young mistr?+ , the lord of Chetwynd was in his wife' room, a prey to the keenest agitatiot, and distress. Th, y seemed instine: with her presence. Chetward half exp cted to see her arise f-em some chair, or enter at the door, the itmpres sicn of her near presence was sostreuge ly vlivd. 'Neither Gilbert nor Sylyia saw Bernice to-night,' he muttered striding to and fro. It must have been a's optical.:I can understand how it all hap prened. I had been thinking of Bernice every moment sines my return, Ihad fancied that she seemd near me. And when I offered poor Sylvia the only reparation I can make her for all si.e has suffered at the tongues of the gossips and all shv has suffered through her love for min, I thought even then of my lost Bernica. And when Sylvia laid her head upon my bosom and I kissed her,au awful thrill went through me, as if 1 were wronging my : lost young wife. What wonder then that, shrinking back-from Sylvia's caress as if I had no right to receive it, 1 fancied that I saw B nio e standingin the door way? Tee tiusion was natural.l cannot wonder as it. He quickened his hurried strides knittitg his f.sir brows above his blue eyes,in which a look of painful anxiety had settled. i' almost wish 1 had sent for Dr Hrtright;' lie thought uneus'iy, after some minutes' troub.ed thought. '1 am no believer in the supernatural. I don't believe in ghosts. If the spectre of Bernice. was a mere illusion on my part, why should I see her with a fa,:e so sorrowfull Why could I not im agine a smile on her face? Ah, that was a beauty such as angels wear. Could I imagine that? She desired me to marry Sylvia in due time after her own death, and yet I fancied a keen anguish in her eyes to.nighr, I could wish to break my engagemens of mar riage to Sylvia, but that I esunot do. I am full of wild fancies to-night. There was no spectre, and I am probably upon the verge of a brain fever. I shall be well in the morning.' Despite all his arguments and assurances, he could not drive away the remembrance of the lovely apparition thathadawned upon his sight and then vanished. He tried to think on other subjects, but in vain. He walked for hours in the long -losed rooms until the fire burned low. Then with his strange anxiety and restlessness still upon him, he retired to Bernice's bedchamber. Thebed was the same as when she had used to occupy it. He knelt down by the beds side and sobbed aloud. For a long time he knelt there, and gradually grew calm with the calmness of his old despair. He arose and turned down the gaslight to a dim half light in which every object in the room was distinctly visible, and then he flung himself fully dressed upon a low couch before the hearth. He could not sleep in the bed in wh:ch he believed, that Bernice bed died. He lay with closed eyes, a travell ing rug dra~n o, ~ him. He was tirtd aind worn and gradually a sense of s?epin ssstole over him, and he dozed un-,stly. He was roused suddenly, with the swiftness of thought by a soft touch on his forehead. He did not open his eye., and the touch descended again, as softly as a snosflake falls upon his moustached lips. The touch was slightly chill, but it was like a silent fluttering kiss. He stirred-be opened his eyes, and then he saw again the voston that he had seen hours before in the lower rooms. BIe beheld Bernice-Bernice in the development of a magnificent and splendid beauty, with the tender, innocenteyes he had loved, with the sensitive mouth, with the lithe, light, graceful figure, and wearing still the white robes in which she had been buried. He lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. She had glided away from him to the distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an ineflable love and anguish. She opened her mouth as if to speak but no words came. She spread wide her bared arms as if to enfold him. 'Bernicel' cried out the young lord in'a sharp shrill voice; 'Bernice speak S:- shook her head sorrowfully,' aln slowly retreated towards his dressing room. With a startling cry, he sprang up from his couch and bounded towards her. She continued her swift retreat look ing backward at him over her shoulder with the radiant face of love and sorrow, and disappeared into the draw ing room. The door closed behind her Ohetwynd dashed it open but the vision was gone. He explored the bath room adjrrin ing; he ran out into the great ball, the door leading into which from the bath room being unlocked; he searched the great emp'y guest chamber; but he found no traze of his strange visitant, He searched round Miss Monk and she appeared in scarlet dressing gown her feet encased in slipper of white down looking frightened, while old Bagee peered over her shoulder. Obetwynd apologized for arousing Sylvia and made some unintelligible excuse but kept up'his wild searah, being half be side himself. -e kpooked at Oilbert oplk' dloor but there came no response. The door was unlocked and he entered the room. Alight and a fire was burnirg, but Monk was not there. Considerably puzzled at Monk's abeenca from his room an hour past midnight the marquis returned to the hall, where Sylvia still stood wondering and bewildered. 'Did you bear burglars, Royl' cried Sylvia; 'as not Gilbert in his'roomf 'No he is not there. I-I fancied I saw something, Sylvia and I came to look, that's all. Good night.' 'Was it-was it the spectre again RoyT 'Yes' said Chetwynd desperately, 'I fancied I saw her again. Good-mught. He went into his rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk in great pertubation, retired to her own apart ments. The two women arguedl them selves into a state of calmness after a little, but Lord Chetwynd walked his floor all the long night, and watched and listened,aud.waaited.'But the sctre did,not come again. C BAPIER XXVI. THE PLOTTER LOOMS OUT AGAIN. Gilbert Monk after leaving hissister in the drawing room,bad hurried out of doors, as we have said,io search of B r. nice. The one great ideathat possessed him was to finad her. He comprehended that he stood upon the brink of ex,. posure, that an accident might revel to Lord Chetwynd that his spectral visitant was a being of flesh and blood -was the living Bernice, and he knew also that his safety lay in prompt and energetic measures. Upon his course of action upon this night depended his fate. Be searched the lawn, the shrubbery, the rocks overhanging the sea, the strip of beach. the boat and bath houses, and penetrated far into the park peep ing into nooks and glades, and coverts, but be did not find her. He hurried in and out among the thick shadows of the trees for hours, and at last the con viction came to him that she had in some way eluded him. 'She may bh hidden in the house all this while,' he thought. 'She may have gone to my room to plead with me to selease her from her vow, Little Puritan! She will not date to break her sworn oath, not to reveal her.iden tity to Chetwynd or any other without my permission. She is truth itself. But what a test for her to stand before Ohetwynd townight, and not bh able to speak to himf The girl's as brave and true as she is beautiful. He acted upon his now idea, hurry ing into the house, and up to his own rooms. It was past eltven o'clock, and all the lights were turned off.or burning dim. There was no one in the great hall, into which the faint moonlight streamed throughthe end window. tie opened his door. The fire and light was burning, but no person was in the loom. It seemed to him however that some one had been there recently. The rug wes disarranged as if some had knelt upon it, and the bre seemed to have beenflately stirred into a brighter braze by an unskilful hand. Hle was sure Bernice had stolen in here in his absence, and had remained some min utes to warm herself and in antici pation of his return. 'She'll come again,' he thought. 'She is like an untamed leopardess since she saw her husband. I'll wait hero for her.' He left his door unlo:ked that ste might enter silently, and flung himself into an easy chair in an obscure corner and waited for her appearance. But the time wore on,and she did not come. The great clock in the stable tower struck the hour of twelve, and a silence like death reigined throughout the stately mansion, but still Bernice did not come. Mlonk waited until a great fear .came to him that Bernice might have entered her old rooms might have seen her husband there and carried away by the supreme ecstacy of the moment and her joy at seeing him, might have permitted him to clasp her to his arms, A cold sweat sprang to Monk's visage, He pulled eff his boots and put on a pair of cork- soled slippers, and then stole out again into the hall. He crept to the various doers opening into the hall from Lord Chetwynd's suite ef rooms. %e sound came from the bou doir or dressing-room. He was certain that Chetwynd was in the bedchamber. He listened at the door.. he sound of the gentle and regular breathing become at last perctptible.. Chetwynd was wih asleep. Bernice was not there. Yet he waited-watching and listening. How the minutes draggedl At last be heard or be fancied he heard, soft foot falls upon the carpet witbion-the rustle of a cman's silkeni dres'. How his heart beat nowl He bent closer still at the keyhold. Ah nowhe heard the cry of Chetwynd as he started up from his sleep -the name of Bernice. She was there! Monk could have best upon the door in his agony, He could have broken into thebs room. He was sure that all eas over now-that Bernice had broken her oath that she had revealed her living presence to her husband. What remaiued for him but flight? But now the door of the bsth-room cpened tuddenly,cnd a slender white robed figure stule swiftly into the ball as if pursued and glided like a beam of light along the ball is the rear norereeotlog corridor. It was Bernicel Monkflew alter her in his list slippers as silently as shbel She ran fleetly down the long hall sod turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind her. They had scarcely passed beyond the gyesat ball when Lord .hetwynd opened I the door of the bath reoom and came out in wild pursuit; but Berncice and Monk I nose be ogt4 lhnse e of hi.isop, Thb . seeming spe'tre was flying along 'n oam eorridortajards an unused portion of the I extensive manason, not stooping or looking back. She gained another hall, from which a flight of stairsascended, and went up the sters with still rapidity. Monk came rwifJlv a little way behind her. She must. hare been conscious of the persui',- but stillshe did ft. cost a b'ckward look over her shoulder. Up one flight and then ano'hor, and Bernice had gained a region or unuwed attics in the more ancient portion.r of the dwelling. She can across the dim passage into a little bare and emoty room, lit by the moon light that streamed in at the dormer windows. 8he had run into a trcp,and seem ed to realize thefact,for she ran about the'' room wildly in circles once or twice, and then retreated to a further corner, uttering a low strange cry, and covering her face with her hands. .4' Monk entered the rocm and closed the i door. ri erniera in her moonlit corner '" and trembled. and remaind with o face. Monk puahed the bolt home 1 iti socket, and approached her. 'Bernice,' he eaid softly. SThe girl otartedri'ith a wringig. IAd , 4 tatýaith, distended e -. 'Gilbert" she ejaculated, I-- ght it was Roy.' 'No-it is I. I heard from Mrs Crowl that you had strangely disappeared film Mawr Castle, and I knew that younwoua, come here. I arrived myself only to l night. 'With Roy. Oh how he is changed,ý Gilbert My poor darling! How graves rnd stern he has grown-and how his soul leaped out at me from bhis eyes. He is looking for me now. Hark! He is. coming this way?' -'No Bernice. There rooms have not been used for years. He will not find you. 'I must go to him,' cried the girl in her sweet impetuous voice, 'Now-now this minute! I knewr you were at the Park,and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but you were not there. Release me from my oath I most go to my husband.' 'Bernice listen to me. I have have some thirg to aoy to you first.' 'hot a word. Why he's looking for me now. He think me a ghost. Release :me from my oath. I must go to him. Isbhe calling? Let me go Gilbert. In heaven's name let net go to my husband.' 'Niot yet Bernice-not until you listen to bhat I have to say, said Monk firmly; Chetwyad thinks you a spectre as you eay, -tie will go back to his own room presently. There's time enough- hbut you must listen to me.' 'Then speak quickly. , How can I wait? He thinks me dead-he wants me 'How do you know that he wants you? asked Monk in crisp hard tones Bernice scarc.iy seemed to under stand. Monk repeated 'th question. 'H .w do I knon? Why becauee I went him. Ol, I love him so;l must go to him Release se from my oath Gilbert ':ear ne first. Bernice I have thought you the bravest the noblest, the most generous of women; but you are selfish like the rest. You are not capable of self eacrifice.' 'What ae.f.eacrifieC?' asked the girl In a whisper. 'Are you capa le of a nubl me self. abneestion?' demanded Monk, his black cl es all aflame. Can you immolate self on the alter of your husband's happiness? I have thought that there was in you the stuff of which mar yre are made; but bahl you are lite all he rest-regardful only of your own pretty love. And yet there here been women who have a crificed them selves for their husbands-' 'Gilbert what do you mean?' cried Bernice her voice ringing sharply on the air. . 'What was ycur last act before falling into the trance in which you were consigned to your tomb?' asked Monk in a stern voice. Bernice seemed about to onewer, but paused deadly while. 'You tre'embei? Your I a act was to clasp the hands of Chetwynd and Qylvis Monk together. And what were your last words?' 'No answer came from the girl's white lips. She began to understand his drift. •Your last words were to beg Chetwynd after a suitable scasn of mourning for you to marry ,ylvia Monk,' declared Gilbert, in his passionless voice; was it not so?' Berni-e looked at him dumbly, a world of gathering woe in her great vivid eyes of gloom. 'You do not contradicr me. Ycur last act before your saeming death was to reunite those two who had been terribl parted. You seemed to realioe that the were all the world to each other and th Chetwynd's marriage to you had bee mereimpulse on his part To bhe continued. 'flow does it feel to be a milli e0 George M Pullman was asked th?' day. 'I have never thought q replied the maker of Pullman q at owner of Pull an City; 'but now? ? yon mention i I believe that aý . was we n i dtt nthve a dolI name, and had to work from aught tti dark. I wore a good suit of clothes then; and I only wear one suit now. I lshaed three m ls a day thert gr deal mnorethan I do three meals?'q/hy now. I had fewer cares, I slept liti and I may add generally that I btlieve I was far happier in those days than I hbre been umany times since I beoame a millthoonire. And yet, * conoloded the pltoetcrat,. as if to word off a suggestion that he might recover his former blies by practising what Mr Carnegio preacher, land yet it is a comfortable feeling to be rieb.' A member of the Pnkekohe Mounted Infantry (William [lenry Johns) who was throwa from b's horse when returnitg from the Auh'alrd military eports hba died from the effects oa the injuries. Samuel Jlndham, a miner who -was injured while; endeavooring to rescue the men buried alive by the Huntly disaster, New Zealand, has died at the Hamilton Hospital. An Amerias broker on a visit to Mel. boornoe declares that the uslralfan brokereare,: so far as ceorners are oono cerned, terlly fledged, and clquirie go leesors in the art of 4ying frot ub( Ampricman eagle. : ,, : ;. 