" Science " of Table-Turning. The Society for PByohical|ReBearchis at last coming; to close quarters with -the pure unadulterated ghost. Telepathy, thought transference, and all manifesta tion, eTen " phantasms of the living,", for/which natural explanations mavi be 'forthcoming, have by this time become a little tiresome. But "when tables do tip in the oddest way of themselves," when chairs take journeys wholly without assistance, and tho furniture generally hccomeB unmanageable, we are in a new region. Lares and Penates have re asserted their being in the moBt positive manner. It is this romance of the fur niture which Mr. F. W. H. Myers has collected and edited for the lateBt issue of the Psychical Society's proceedings. Some may object that it is rathor an old story. Messrs. Sludge, Home, Slado, and all the others, have presented the some "manifestations." So they have, but there are two specialities in Mr. Myers's narrative. Ono is that Mr. Sludge is deolared out of court, or, to ho more explicit, " all psychical mar vels occurring in the presence of a paid medium are excluded from the inquiry." All tho cases narrated have occurred in domestic " circles," where the motives for impoBturo are presumably less strong. Tho othor speciality is that in each case tho objects aio alleged to have moved without contact with any living being. There was no laying on of hands, nor any possibility of muscular action, conscious or unconscious. That, at least, is the conclusion whioh we are asked to accept. If it is true, we must either suppose a new principle of vitality in inanimate things or tho prcsenco of an invisible spook endowed with muscular action. Ix rax cniiibie ov Death. Mr. Myers's cases are grouped and classified with an appearance of science which is quite botanical. These classifi cations are dear to the true pBychist; but as wo writo for the laity, we may he allowed to skip them and go straight to the Btories. Most of theBe have highly respectable authority. The first we will take is deposed to by the Rev. E. T. Yaugban, vicar of Lunglebury, King's Longloy. Mr. Ynughan had been pray ing by the bedside of a dying parishioner, and a woman was also in the room. Mrs. Yaugban was downstairs in the room below. TJub, in hie own words, is what happened : — As i was saying tho last words of the prayer we (the woman and myself) distinotly saw a small table, whioh stood about a yard from the foot of the bed, rise two or three inohea from tho ground, and come down with a violent thnmp upon the floor, so loudly that tho man, who was lying with hiB eyes oloeed, Btarted np, and ashed with some terror what had oooasioned it. On examining tho table, i ionnd that a glass with some modiolus in it, whioh had stood upon the tablo with several other articles, had been so shahon that some of the contents were spilt. My first idea was that something had been thrown down in tha room below. On going downstairs and inquiring I found this was not eo, that they had all been sitting perfeotly qniet in the room, and thonght wo hod thrown down something in the bedroom. There wo no one else in tho house. The man died about a week after this took plaoe. The story is confirmed in writing by Mrs. Yaugban, but it is worth noting that the ' occurrence took place in 1881, whereas Mr. Yaughan's aicount of it' is dated 1884, or three years later, and Mrs. Yaughan's confirmation comes in' 1888, or four year's luter stilL Indeed,- it is a peculiarity of many of these narratives fhatthey are put on paper at least two or three years after the event. The SrtDEn-nEaaED "W okktadle. The next we w31 take iB vouohed for by Colonel Taylor, of the Royal Military College, Farnborough. It is a narrative by a lad of 18 of what took plaoe two or throe year earlier in his own home, It is too long to quote in full, and parts of it, as becomes a sohoolboy, are somewhat flippant. The hero or rather the villain of the piece was a round Bpider-legged lady's worktahle, about two foot .in dio- mecer. " Somotimes," wo are told, " it would he outrageous in its behaviour, walking round the room, hopping on one leg, getting on obairs, and performing many other curious evolutions;" 1 But this, we must explain, only happened when there were hands upon it. Moreover, it was -in- "the dusk of the winter afternoons," and there was a " younger brother " about. How ever, the whole party "firmly believed in the good faith of each other and of tho table," and made up their minds " that the- table might move without any oon taot with their joined hands, if they could only obtain sufficient influence over it." And sure enough one_ night when the whole party were sitting reading after i dinner it dia move a good 6 inches with -a Boraping noise along tho floor. Finally it ooourred to tho narrator that the tablo .might be goaded into moving again if . subjected to a certain amount of indignity, "as it had always proved particularly violent vrhen treated ia any waj uncere- moniously." So lie picked up a tflrrier off the floor, and held it, townrds jthe table an a menaoing- manner. This had the desired1'-' efleot.' The table jumped towards him, ; rising, off the ground ahoutj 6' - inehes,','. and then coliapBcd ..upon , the floor.'. ./".Soon otter this," odds the historian, " I left home . for school, and I dont't think anything, further of tho kind described toik place." We should like to have an interview with' that boy. The Bells. After thiB comeB a " specimen of the bell-ringing class," wherein it is related that all the balls in a certain house rang of their own accord, as they will in many houseB. But there were_ other manifesta tions in this house, of whioh tho following s an example : — They (the servants) went upstairs to tha top floor and wore there some mlnntes, I suppose, Mary keeping oloso to the cook all the time ; when tbey oame down to the first floor they foard a obair that had been in tho bathroom (is always thoro) a few stops downstairs; that it, it had got all along the landing, about 16 feet, down fonr etepe, ronnd a doable corner, and down a fow stairs oi the main flight, whore it was leaning buokwards on its "hind legs" and resting on the stairs above it- This is vouched for by Mr. D., " a gentleman in responsible position, " and Mrs.IL, bis housekeeper, neither of whom appears to hove been an eye-witneBB. However, the attitude of exhaustion in which tho unfortunato chair was found after its tortuous journey is a truly dramatio toneh. BAnr's CiiAin. Finally wo have come to the astonish ing narratives of Professor Alexander, of the university of Rio de Janeiro. - These relate to ociurrences whioh took place in the house of a Mr. ' and _ Mrs. Davis at Rio. In this case " the instru ments through which they were evolved were simple English ohilaren of 12 and 9." The furniture was possessed ; tne dining-room , table would break into! the conversation at. tea time, expressing ap proval or disapproval of the conversation with sudden emphasis. In fact, it acted " like a restless living creature, endowed with human intelligence." .'Another table — a light three- footed ono — was in verted, and the baby's ohair moved back wards and forwards, taking the bnby with it. After tins, raps and slate- writing and clairvoyance, which also occurred in the same houso, sink into in significance. The phenomena are duly attested in writing by Mr. and Mrs. Davis, as well as by Professor Alexander, for whose veracity and good faith Mr. Myers himself goes sponsor. — Fall Mall, August 27. . 