SCEATCHINGS IN THE CITY FBt A Pencil.! That every line -which written here may be ! Go to its mark straight and unerringly; I That every laugh he cJeau and fairly bought: That condemnation never go unsought: That cut, or thrust or lend approving cheer, Aim -may be honest, thought and purpose clear. Since Mr. Kennedy left the proprietary of the Port Adelaide News that lively and useful little journal has been struggling •with a violent attack of ultra- radicalism associated with a high temperature. Some of its articles are so hot that it is almost a wonder that they do not scorch the paper j upon which they are written. Generally j speaking there is a commendable smartness, though sometimes a little more than smart ness, about the writing, and that in some degree atones for the apparent lack of the most accurate political information by the writer. It is pleasant to a pressman to see such vigor displayed, and to feel certain that the News has a plethoric libel fund wherewith to back up its hot- blooded con tributor. I hear to-day that a libel action is to be begun against the paper by a inem foer.of Parliament who seems not to be pro prietor of a soul for vigorous writing, merely because it happens to charge him with selling his vote to the highest bidder. Beally some public men appear to be shockingly sensitive! If you can't charge a public man with being an incorrigible rascal without being discouraged by talk of unpleasant libel actions •wherein lies the fun of being a smart 'writer ? The other day you mentioned the case of a -watch having been returned by a thief after it had been stolen by him, and, probably, worn by him, for a number of years. "Sou did not add -whether the watch | had-worked itself out and was, therefore, of no further use to the owner; that infor- j mation would be useful to enable assess- j meat to be made of the self-sacrifice of the | repentant thief. In the meantime it is interesting to notice an epidemic of con scientiousness in this direction. Two or three -watches have been returned to their long-suffering owners in similar circum stances, and on Tuesday the Premier received .£20 conscience-money from some anonymous man who admitted that he had defrauded the Government out of the sum. Well, now, I do admire the stretchability of conscience of the man who can steal another mail's watch,-use it a number of years and thus compel the rightful owner to buy another, and then (when probably his improved financial condition makes the stolen property no longer a consideration to him) return it anonymously to the pro prietor necessarily in a worse condition than when it was stolen. Call lihis restitution?—a salve to conscience! Pshaw! There is no punishment whatever in giving back stolen properly which one does not any longer want to use. If a thief took a 10s. nickel Waterburyin 1885 and returned a gold chronometer in 1891 you might conclude that Ms con science was in reasonable work ing order, though restitution without open confession seems like froth without porter. How the devil must have chuckled when he noticed the return of the £20 without interest and without publicity by the thief who stole it from the Government. Hell has surely a specially warm corner, with a specially industrious stoker, for people who try to fool their consciences in tliig way. The value of' the policeman as an dis turbance preventer has never been properly appreciated. When a row occurs in the busiest, or in the less frequented, streets, you rarely notice a policeman near by; and though the row should continue for some time the policeman does not often appear till the disputants have safely dispersed. There are, of course, notable exceptions to this. Some time ago I saw a crowd of hoodlums chase a little Chinaman, with the intention of assaulting and battering him, from the top end to the miidle of Hindley street, and no police uniform marred the beauty of the landscape until the China man had taken refuge, and until his pursuers had separated. On Monday even ing a lot of bootmakers and others chevied through the city streets a poor fello.v—a stranger—whose views upon labor ques tions did not agree with their notions, and -who did the work they declined to do; and only after some time, and after the stranger bad been somewhat damaged by the rowdy mob, did he receive the legal pr jteetion which ought to have interfered with the disturbance at the beginning. I don't-know that the police are blame worthy in the matter, but the conduct of tlie crowd of men was disgraceful. A serious state of things will begin at the moment when a peaceable person is not allowed to wort as he likes, or talk as he pleases, so long as he does not interfere •with other people's liberty or rights. Employers who tyrannise over their work men should be sternly punished, but equally heavy penalties should be suffered by workmen who oppress their fellows and coerce them into breaking agreements legally and honorably made with their employers. It is just as well to remember this fact at a time when the old toadyism to capital in money is being exchanged for an equally bad toadyism to capital in muscle and in handieraftship. The ®ev. F. W. Samwell, Anglican par son of Mitcham, is a plucky man. He attends the theatre, and is courageous enough to say so publicly. He is not the only minister of religion who visits that terribly wicked place—whenever I go to Melbourne I see Methodist and other ministers in the theatre, though in Ade laide they would never venture to be seen inside such a building; but the majority display an unusual diffidence in mention ing their unconventional adventure. Mr. SamwelTs intimation was provoked by a thoroughly evangelical denunciation by that excellent Wesleyan minister, the Bev. H. T. Burgess, of theatres and of theatrical plays. Mr. Samwell thinks that a man may goto the theatre, and yet sot neces sarily be eternally damned. So do I; though. I am not affected a bit by religious creeds or irreligious disbeliefs. I have seen plays in the Adelaide theatre which I should blush to "witness in the presence of any woman, and I have seen plays which have taught me higher moral lessons than all the sermons which I have ever heard. As to Methodism, "An Old-Style Wesleyan" writes to me—I don't know why—an indignant protest against a recent change in what he calls " the church of his fathers." He says that the Wesleyan Church in the city and the suburbs is now ashamed to call itself "Wesleyan," but for some reason or none, causes itself to be styled "The Methodist Church." "First" (says he), "they took John Wesley's portrait out of their hyinnbook, and now they have taken his name out of their church. Ifs a wonder the old gentleman's ghost doesn't arise and denounce the whole concern, and transfer Ms patronage to the Salvation Army." This is a ticklish subject for me to handle, because I don't know anything about it; but the "Old-Style Wesleyan" before mentioned is fearfully earnest in the matter, and unless I publish his protest he will denounce me as strongly as he now denounces the people who are no longer unfashionable enough to be called "Wes leyans." One change, however, did strongly im press itself upon me the other day. As a boy I used to attend a big Wesleyan church, and after a long absence I attended it again lately. What an extraordinary alteration had come upon the place! In the older times as the preacher prayed, and even in the emotional parts of his sermon, you heard "Amen" and other fervent ejaculations burst forth from different parts of the devoutly kneeling congregation. I ha ve even heard a preacher pointedly condemn a few people who sat in their seats instead of kneeling at prayer tame. But now from all the large con gregation no response is heard—110 ejacula tion expressive of strong devotion, and not a single person kneels in the church no longer called " Wesleyan." I don't know whether the religious body is better or worse for the alteration. All I know is that as a man of the world the alterations profoundly interested me as a significant sign of the times. Whilst in one part of the newspapers we see heart-stirring accounts of the miseries endured by people who have not food to eat, in another we read of a man named Tanner, who, for the sake of show-money, is now partially starving himself in Ade laide. He will, of course, make money, because any man who will consent to do anything unusual and do it, whether he make a fool of himself or not, is bound to attract a erowd to see him. A crowd will gather to witness the grimaces and caper ings of a monkey begging coppers for a street or^an-grinder. Personal liberty is a possession so precious that even if a man choose to starve himself to death, it does not seem to me that the law should interfere with him so long as he does not make himself a nuisance to anybody. What, however, is the use of these starving exhibitions P 