WRITTEN IN RED; Ob, THE CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE, & STOBY OF BOSTON. Coafi. Montague and C. W. Dtae. CHAPTER XI.— IN DANGEU. Reporter Thomas had no time to construct theories to account for what had happened. For whatever reason, Stella North was the woman he had unwittingly followed, and Stella North was the woman who now lay in -his arms, as devoid of life to all appearance, as the twigs upon which her dainty feet were -dragging. He looked into her face for the moment with helpless irresolution. The dictates -of common humanity would have impelled him to pin her, but it was no ordinary pity that filled his soul on this occasion. He had been aware ever since the day she flashed upon him that appealing glance as her Bister was leading her from the room at Swampscott of a peculiar interest more romantic and tender, : perhaps, than he as a matter-of-fact-man was free to admit to himself. But thepresent emergency demanded prompt ; action. He could see plainly enough that it J ' was not merely fright that had caused her to j lose consciousness. Nature had bestowed upon her a face charming in its natural roundness of outline and ready always to break into dimpled smiles ; but, alas ! horror and deprivation of sleep and food hsd wrought a wicked change in a few days. As she lay with her head thrown back, her lips parted, her eyes closed, her hair straying , recklessly about her temples, she looked as if she had just died after a painful illness. Thomas hastened with her out of the sight of ( possible curiosity. A few steps brought him ( deep enough into a projecting wood that , fringed the roadside, and here, in the leaves beneath the trees where the birds were singing, tie laid her gently down. His experience in the . art of restoring fainting women to con sciousness had been extremely limited, but be \ believed in the efficaciousness of alcohol, and « always carried when travelling for use in an : emergency a flask of brandy. A little of this , strong remedy poured down the throat half-; . strangled the victim, but it awoke her. Her eyes opened and she regarded him languidly. He baa seen a dying bird look just that way. " Come, Miss North, you feel better now, don't you r" he said awkwardly, as be sup ported her head upon his arm. And then when & sudden betrayal of fear and shame surged j into her white cheek6 he hastened to add — . M There, now, there6 nothing to be afraid of. Not the least in the world." She made an effort to disengage herself and to arise, but she was veTy weak, and she only sank back again with a pathetic sigh. The tears came into her eyes at once, and she was . -unable to conceal her weakness or to check it. Faster nnd faster they chased each other down her cat-eke. Her face was wet with them. Thomas watched her with increasing con sternation. He who bad time and again passed, apparently unmoved, through the most terrible and heartrending of 6Cenes, had now to make a great effort to retain control of himself. But as a matter of fact it is improbable that the girl detected any evidences of agitation in his naturally imperturbable countenance. 44 Come, Miss North," he murmured, 44 this j will never do. You must not give way like -this. Don't despair. It there is anything wrong, you may depend upon me to help you all I can." 44 Oh, it's not I who need the help," she moaned, quite light-headed by reason of her long sufferings; and grasping bis sleeve with -her little hand she exclaimed with sudden, passionate intensity, 44 Oh, don't let them arrest her. Don't let them hang her. Marion never could have done it in her right mind. She was ou of her head, you know. You axe Bure she was, are you not?" This unexpected entreaty was a surprise, but it was a most welcome one to Thomas. He bad not had an opportunity for deliberate thought since he had recognised who it wa6 that had thrown away the uncompromising weapon with the suspicious smudge upon it, and fled from the North villa in the most damaging of circumstances ; but in a vague, general way his heart had been conscious of the weight of the accepted theory that she was in some way im plicated in the dark work of the tragedy. And now these wild, hysterical words, delivered under the pressure of her overstrung emotions, gave him more than a hope that she was inno cent of any part in the hideous crime. Innocent! How could anybody look upon this child and doubt her innocence? Reporter Thomas certainly could not, and he gave up trying to, with a feverish alacrity that was not entirely characteristic of him. Comprehending enough of the situation to enable bim to act intelligently, he began at once a long attempt to soothe her. Ana behold another miracle ! This stern man, whose stoicism was the wonder of his associates, had suddenly become as patient, as gentle, and as delicate as a woman. He smoothed her hair, be wiped away her tears. He induced her to take a little more of the brandy. By repeatedly assuring her that her sister was in no danger, and afterwards, by turning her attention to other things, he brought her once more into a condition of sanity. She was not permitted to test her strength upon her feet, but she sat up against a tree, and began to regard her companion with great, round, wistful eyes, with an air of mingled timidity and impulsive confidence. 44 And now, Miss North," said Thomas, at last," it is absolutely necessary that I should leave you for a few minutes. Will you promise me not to stir until I return ? I will be gone just as short a tiinc us possible." " You are so kind,'; she said, faintly. " If it is for me you are going I hope, really, you won't trouble yourself. Iu a few minutes I Aall be stronger and can go on." " We'll talk about that after I come back," be said, cheerfully, " And meantime I have your promise not to stir ?" " Since yon are so good I can refuse yon nothing," fche returned, wearily, and dosed her eyes. Thomas was off at an energetic pace. He first tied his horse to a tree, and then ran on to the nearest farmhouse. A well-to-do-looking woman, with a sunny face, appeared at the door in answer to bis knock. " Madam," said Thomas, hastily, " I have to apologise for my unexpected call, but, the fact is, I am in great need of food— the best you have and plenty of it. I'll pay— anything. Only let me have it at once.- " Bat I can't," said the woman ; " I haven't a thing in the house to eat !" " But I must have something," exclaimed nomas; " if it's nothing but milk and water. The case is very urgent. Here, do what you can for me." He thrust a five-dollar lull into the good woman's hand. She thrast it back promptly. _ Here, I don't want your money," she said, rather stiffly. « Such as I live you're -welcome to. Come uu" She led the astonished Thomas into an ample special airangemeDt with Meaam. pantry, which was in a condition of neatness that was almost painful. But it needed no power of divination to determine that It wa6 the pride of the Roman's life, and the shelves fairly groaned with good things. Not a thing in the lions® ® eat! Thomas was dumb with delight amazement. 44 lYell," said the housewife, evidently enjoy ing the condition of stupefaction to which she had reduced him, 44 do you see anything you'd like? If bo, you're welcome." 44 The— the fact is," stammered Thomas, "I wish you'd let me I— I — you see I might carry away a bttle more than I'd tike to; for the fact is Tre got a friend just bad; here in the woods? and die— he's starving to death." The woman laughed outright. Of course, she did not believe that auybody was dyinj in this iand of plenty. The best Thomas coula do was to effect a compromise. The woman accepted "a dollar for the heathen." Thomas took away all he corid well cany. As the reporter approached the place where he had left Stella horth, he began to have some fears that she had deserted him in spite of her promise ; but no. There she was, still sitting against the irc® as he had left her. No, not as he had left ter. Completely exhausted, ahe had fallen asleep. Thomas placed his bundles upon the ground, and softly arrange! the repast he bad secured from the farmhouse upon a light robe he had taken from the carriage. From the bowl of fresh milk to the golden brown custard pie, it was genuine and wholesome ; and though he would fain have bad Young's chief cook at his comman d for an hour or two, still he hoped that she could not fail to find the display at tractive and appetising. But he hesitated to awaken her. The poor child slept as only one utterly worn out can sleep. He looked at her more attentively, and his heart accelerated its pulsations. "What a pity/', he thought, "thai she should be so compnsingly mixed up in snch an affair as this ! Young and charming as she is, if the police knew what I know they would not hesitate a minute to arrest her." The thought clouded his brow. He looked, at his watch. It was getting late. Unless he proposed to turn her over to the police, in truth, time pressed. "Ahem !" he exclaimed. 44 Miss North !" But her sleep was too deep to be distvbedby such an expedient. Be placed bis band gently ur?& her should had . a thrill ran through him at ui& contact She started up and s taxed wildly about her. Gradually the truth .cams to her. She awoke from a happy oblivion' to the horror of the past few days. The sudden frightened look in her face proclaimed this fact. And then her eyes wandered from the reporter's fare to the collation spread at her feet. 44 For xne !" she exclaimed. 44 Ob ! — " But nothing but tears bespoke her thanks. She was evidently ashamed to betray herself so ; but she was too weak to prevent it. She covered her face with her hands and sank down at the foot of the tree. 44 You'll think me foolish, I know, die stammered. " Not a bit of it," said Thomas. 44 I think your nerves are quite unstrung, because you haven't taken nourishment enough. Eat something. Miss North, I beg of you ; and, my word for it, you'll feel better." By dint of much persuasion and adroit management he reassured her, so that she actually smiled the very ghost of a smile, but it betrayed the presence of a merry dimple in her cheek, which Thomas thought quite charm ing. " How can I thank you?" she murmured. 44 By eating all you can,'' be returned. And she did endeavour to show her gratitude in that way. From time to time she looked at him with a glance of dread and apprehension. 44 Yon are not afraid of me, Miss North, I hope?" he raid at last, pleasantly. He was smiling now, as be sat on a rock near by watching her eat, which she did with that ravenous appetite that comes of absolute starvation. " Excuse me," she said, after an evident effort, " but you are the same gentleman who called at cor house— who used to know my father ?" Thomas flashed a tittle and his eyes f elL 44 Miss No th," be said, "I don't intend to ieoeiveybu. nawapapM" ««portcr." She uttered a slight scream and dropped her and fork into her plate. At another time Fhomas would have laughed aloud at the un mistakable consternation produced by the an nouncement of his profession. As it was, he repressed his tendency to smile when he saw her lips whiten under the cruel apprehension that had sprung to life within her. " You mistrust me, Miss North," he said, gravely. "Oh, no," she returned, in a voice barely audible. And added immediately, 44 For pity's sake, sir, do you intend to print what I told you when I was so crazv awhile ago?" "Do I, Miss North? It depends upon whether or not you go cn with your dinner." 44 Ob, how can you joke about a thing like this?" 44 Mt«w North, I am not joking. I never was more serious in my life. It is absolutely im perative that you eat." The poor girl tried to propitiate him by swallowing a few hasty mouthfuls, but it was evident that he had taken her appetite away. She regarded him with a look of pathetic appeal. 44 Oh, sir," she exclaimed suddenly, 44 1 am only a poor girl, and chance has placed me completely at your mercy. Don't tor ment me, I beseech you. Tell me the worst at once. What do you intend to do with me ?" " To save you," answered Thomas. " To save me:" she repeated helplessly. 44 From what ?' 44 From the consequences of your conduct," "Mine!" she exclaimed. "What do you mean ? I have done nothing." 44 Pardon me," said Thomas. 44 You forget the pistol which you threw away, and your flight from home." She stared at him for a long time like a statue. 44 And you believe—" she began at last, with an awful look in her face. 44 1 believe nothing." he interrupted. 44 so much as I believe tou. Miss North. It is not a question of me, but of the police." " The police— police !'" she stammered. " Miss North," said Thomas, " I would not frighten you needlessly, but I feel compelled to tell you that you have placed yourself, in the eyes of the law, in a very equivocal position. Unless you can give a full explanation of your conduct—" 44 Oh, sir," she broke in, 44 1 can tell the police nothing — absolutely nothing." She wrung her hands and looked about her apprehensively. 44 It's not "because I am guilty of anything- — oh, sir, you know that ! But I cannot say : what I have thought, what I have been com- i polled to believe in Jspite of myself. I have said things to youalready, when I didnot realise what I was doing, which I never meant to have repeated to any human being. And you— on your honour, sir !— won't you keep my secret ?" 44 1 will do everything I can for your sister, for your sake," said Thomas. 44 But I must ask you one question. What reason bad you to believe her guilty 44 1 do not believe it. No, I will not ac knowledge that I ever really believed it. But for one moment, when her strange actions seemed unaccountable upon any other supposi tion, I— but it was a mistake, six. I am sure of it. She could explain everything if she would." 44 There, there! said Thomas, soothingly. 44 Don't get excited. You are as safe with me as you could possibly be with any one. I simply wanted to have the assurance from vour tins that you are unaware of the fact of any crime." 44 Oh, believe me, sir." 44 1 do, Miss North. I believe you implicitly, and I will do everything in my power to help you." . 44 You are very noble, sir." "You flatter me, said Thomas, averting his eyes. 44 1 have sisters of my own, and—" The girl clasped her hands. « And for their a®66,-" 41 No, for your sake. ' said Thomas, turning quickly to look towards the road. 44 You spoke of that dreadful pistol, sir!" she cried, suddenly- 44 Tell me how you know !" __ 44 1 saw you. Miss £ orth." 44 And the pistol is— 44 In my pocket.' She stretched out her hands impulsively, while a wild light of bops lighted in her face. " Give it to me," exclaimed. "Forgive me," swd Thomas, "but I must refuse you .that. B»tove me, it pains me to be obliged to refuse you anything." 44 You — won't give it to me," she faltered. "And what, then, 'do you propose to do with "I wDl be frank you now as eves, Miss North," be 5feia, in0 voice. 44 1 intend to give it to the police. She swayed, buthiB prevented her from falling. , ' "Corns! come I". be exclaimed, in a quick whisper, as for the moment he held her close to his rapidly-beating heart "Be a woman! Do journutyaBlehSldpnune! I have promised yon my protectiori-W utmost effort on behalf of yourself and your sister. Miss North, will you trust me?" Impulsively she brought her face very near to his and turned the light of her blue eves f ull into his dark ones. It was an intense, fearful, searching stare ; a look such as one mignt cast into the future at a fork in the road of life be tween lasting happiness and despair. His gaxe never faltered, but hers did. She blushed, suddenly became self-conscious, and precipi tately looked down at the ground. ' I will," she murmured, faintly. "You are in imminent danger," he said, hastily. 44 There is no time to lose. Follow me." And as he turned from her she obeyed him with the trusting confidence of a little child. CHAPTER XJX — Tnoaus Declines to State Theories. About ten o'clock ou Monday morning a tele phonic message came over the wires from the chief of police at Lynn to the Boston police head quarters which seriously interfered witb the habitual imperturbability of Inspector Apple- bee. " Whatever does this signify?" he demanded of the chief inspector. 44 That youngest North girl has disappeared." 44 No !" exclaimed his superior, in a tone of surprise. 44 How can that be?" 44 1 don't know how it can be; it is," Applebee declared. 44 She left the house some time last evening. They did not discover her absence till this morning. A hurried search of the neighbourhood traces her to the railroad station where ahe took the last train for Boston." 44 That's a queer family, anyhow," com. mented the chief inspector, with a very puzzled air. 44 Applebee, have you tried to ascertain whether there isn't insanity in the blood?" 4i Plague take it ! What was I thinking of not to have put a man to watch her last night? I thought of it, but it seemed an absurd pre caution!" fumed the inspector. 44 However, her flight the minute the funeral is over does away with any lingering doubt I may have had of her complicity in the crime." " Better put White on her track at once. Then see me and let us have a word or two." Inspector White having been despatched to the Eastern depot with instructions to find the fugitive at any cost, Inspector Applebee re turned to the private office'of his superior. The chief carefully dosed the door. u Applebee," he said, as he resumed his chair, "if I understand you definitely, there is nobody, so far as known, who benefits a cent by North's death except his daughter Stella?" . /'Exactly, inspector. You are to understand just thai. There is not the slightest indication of robbery or theft. Both the property in the house and the personal property on North's person were intact Nobody benefits but this girl. Jost two months ago he took out a 10,000doL policy in her favour in the Penn Mutual." 44 And are you sure he hae effected no other insurance ?" 44 1 cannot find that he has, or that he ever did." "Isn't it rather peculiar that he waited all these yeaa and then made her his sole benefi. ciarv in this wav ?" 44 1 don't know. His other daughter is mar ried, and he probably considered her amply provided for, and the outlook of business affairs might have warned him that it would be pru dent to heave over an anchor to the windward. But, whatever his reasons, the fact is indis putable. There it is, in black and white. The woman who usee the perfume I have been look ing for is the sole person to profit by Paul North's death. It is a carious coincidence, to say the least, that the two clues should implicate the same person. And yet a seventeen-year- old girl like this— oh, I can't believe it; that's alL" 44 Applebee," said toe chief, " I begin to realise that we are in a very delicate position in this matter. It calls for our nicest fliacrimina- tion and judgment." 14 1 should say as much." 44 Let us see what we know. We have established circumstantially beyond a reason able doubt the identity of toe woman who was in the Marlboro street bouse at or after the time of North's death ; the woman who, to say the least of it, must be an accessory after the fact," 44 So, indeed." 44 Instead of some adventuress, the woman turns out to be Nortb'« own 'daughter, a mild- faced, innocent -looking girl of seventeen." "So, indeed.' 44 Well, now, to my mind, unless the girl is crazy (and we have no evidence that toe is), she never could have shot her father." 44 It's a pretty serious thing to charge her with it." 44 You don't believe it ?" 44 I'm hardly prepared to dispute the evi dence." 44 Very well, then, there is only one explana tion. She knows who did it, and she runs away to avoid questions." 44 It looks so." 44 And as she never could reconcile her con science to such action unless the guilty party were very near or very dear to her—" 44 Stackhouse again!" said Applebee, signifi cantly. 44 There's no way out of it. Unless something turns up in his favour, Pre got to arrest that man." 44 It looks so. But I shouldn't like to make a mistake." 44 Nor I. It's not tike taking some poor beast iuto custody. A mistake like that only redounds to our discredit." 44 Very well. Wait a day or two. Something more must come out. Let us find this girl. It won't take much to frighten her thoroughly. She will tell us everything she knows. Mean while, you are sure Stackhouse cannot take French leave?" 44 Trust me for that. M4Maanus and Bobbins axe both keeping their eyes upon him. So long as he behaves himself he may do as he pleases. At the first cause for suspicion they will bring him in." There was a knock at the door. 44 Mr. Mendell," said the messenger, 44 to see Mr. Applebee." 44 It's the writing expert," said Applebee. <4 Send him in.'' Mr. Mendell appeared, bearing under his arm a small portfolio. 44 Good moruing, gentlemen.'' was Ins greet ing. 4 4 And what do you think of the news? No surprise to you. I suppose r" 44 What news?" questioned the chief in spector gruffly. 44 Why, the collapse of North and Stack- house, to be sure. What, hadn't you heard?" The two officials were staring at each other. 44 Where did you hear that, Mendell?" Applebee asked. 44 Where? Everywhere. It's all over town. Of course, circumstances make everybody talk about it. All sorts of rumours are afloat as to the cause of it. Some say it wouldn't have occurred but for North's death. Others say it had got to come anyway — that it was only a matter of time. But, plague take it I that wasn't what I came for." 44 What do they say's the cause of the firm failing r" asked the chief inspector, with every appearance of intense interest. 44 Well, as I hear it, they've been doing busi ness lately chiefly on wind. Oh, it's an awful smash up. They say Fetridge, the young mil lionaire, was a considerable loser. In fact, they say all sorts of things, as they always do at such times, hut I don't know how true they are." 44 Who is this Fetridge?" the chief inspector inquired of Applebee, a a if the name were new to him. 44 Why, he's the man who came here to get us to search the house in Marlboro street last Thursday. A friend of the family, I believe. At any rate, he was at the funeral." 44 And what are the rumours, Mendell?" pursued the chief inspector. 44 About Fetridge ? Well, it's reported that he's held toe firm up by toe nape of the neck, as it were, until North's death, out of regard for toe old man ; but that Stackhouse tried to see him since and got the cold shoulder. They say that Stackhouse and Fetridge are anything but friends." 44 Quite so," said Applebee. 44 But, turning from gossip to business, what's your report V" 44 Well, gentlemen," returned Mendell, briskly opening his portfolio and extracting therefrom several papers, "I don't know that I help you a great deal, but Fm satisfied of one thing. Out of all the specimens of writing winch Jobson presented for my inspec tion, there are not five which could have been done bv the party who prepared the anonymous letter." „ , , , 44 There are four, then ?" said Applebee. 44 Just," returned Mendell, spreading the samples upon the table ; 44 and there yon have 44 And how about your preference ?'» 44 1 have none. You see the writing of the original is too shaky to be a good guide. It is evidently a disguised hand, bnt at toe same Km a not disguised by a person who understood how to disguise handwriting- Evidently when he had written it he thought, because it didn't have toe general appearance, to his owneye, of his own writing, it was conswmeatiy Nifficientiy blind to deceive anybody. I don't believe the peculiarity of the formation of toe letters ever occurred to toe peraon." « Who are these parties?" "Three of them are business men. The fourth was formerly a clerk in toe firm s employ, but was discharged, I believe, for drunkenness." 44 Pshaw!" said Applebee. u I know these three men. They're none of them in need of money, and would uGt have tek" that means to get it if they had been." 4 ' It remains, then, with this other fellow — Willard Smith — eh?" said the chief inspector. What do you know of this man's history ?" 44 Nothing but the few words that Jobson ac cidentally let fall," replied toe expert. 44 He said that the mau was young and industrious. That he invested every cent in Nicaragua Mid land, loat his money, and took to rum as a con solation." 4<That6 our man," said the chief inspector, positively. 44 Applebee, let's go to work on this at once/' There was no time lost. Inspector Applebee and his assistants were soon scouring toe city for information concerning Mr. Willard Smith, late clerk with Noxth and Stackhouse. But the quest presented some unexpected difficulties, and when Tuesday morning it had not yet achieved success. Applebee was scarcely awake on Taesday morning when the following telegram was placed in his hands— "Hartford, Conn., 6 a.m. 44 Important ! Meet me at headquarters at 11. " White." 44 Does he bring Stella North with him!" was the grave question that persisted in Applebee s mind during the intervening time. If ao, I am confident that we are nesting toe end of this perplexing case." He communicated his anxiety to the chief inspector, and both men waited with impatience | toe coming of the who had gone in quest ; of the mysterious fugitive. Alas, for their 1 hopes ! Inspector White was quite alone. | The three men were closeted together as soon as he arrived. 44 Not a trace of her?" exclaimed Applebee, impatiently. 4 Slipped through my fingers tike a fish!" said White. 41 Circumstances very peculiar. Whole thing mysterious : more than mysterious — suspicious." 44 How do you mean ?" White placed his hand impressively on ! Applebee's shoulder, and though the door was ! tout, spoke in almost a whisper— 44 1 tell you, man, it is cne of two things. That girl's either made away with herself p? toe's bqfi belp to escape." 11 It's likely euoogh that toe had help io escape,' observed the chief. "But I know of i no good reason why toe should go outside of the State of Massachusetts for toe purpose of committing suicide." 44 Wait till you have heard me," said White, eagerly. 44 Observe the facts carefully. I traced this girl to the Albany depSt, and through the hachman, who bought her ticket to Hartford, was able to go direct to her stopping place. There I expected trouble. Not a bit of iL Everybody knew about her. Why ! Well, Til tell yon why. Somebody had got ahead of us; that's alL A black-haired young man, about thirty yean of age who wrote his name William C. Waterston. had been up in toe morning inquiries all over the place, representing her as insane:" 44 Evidently an assumed name." muttered Applebee, apprehensively. 44 Couldn't you get a lull description ?" 44 You may be sure I did, even to the cut of his tooee. But wait a bit. I haverftgottothe end. This young man hired a carriage at Ea6t Hartford and started out upon the road in cbase of the girl. That he overtook her I have positive evidence. That she thereafter disappeared, and that he went on alone, I'm equally well informed." "What?" ejaculated Applebee. 44 Jost as I tell you," 6aid White. 4tI traced this woman to a certain place on toe road between Hartford and Buckfand. Abruptly all trace of her disappears, tihe is seen in con versation with this man, and not again by anybody in either direction. Meanwhile the man kept on alone. He was seen by several people by himself in the carriage. He drove clear to Vernon, sent the carriage back to East Hartford by a messenger, and there he disap pears too." 44 Great powers!" exclaimed the chief. 44 We're outwitted." 44 For toe time it would seem so." « For toe time!" echoed the chief irascibly. 44Dou't you see what this means? The girl was a greenhorn. The man was an expert. I'll bet you a hundred dollars he had that girl all the time in the bottom of Ma carriage. Whj didn't he go back to Hartford t Can't you see his purpose! The New York and New Eng land railroads ran through Vernon. By tins this time both principal and accomplice axe safe in the city of New York." The two assistants stared blankly. 44 At any rate," said Applebee, 44 it plainly demonstrates one thing. \\\ e're dealing with professionals." 44 Professional what?" asked the chief, angrily. 44 What is there in the line of & professional about this affair? Was there any theft, any property missing? Tins isn't a burglary, my friend ; it's a murder." 44 So, indeed," said Applebee. 44 But pro fessionals have been hired before now to do a job of that kind. It's uo use for you to tell me that this chap doesn't know the ropes, j inspector," i The chief seemed struck by his remark, and j became thoughtful. j 44 Write out the fullest possible description of ; the man,'' he said to White. 44 We'll see what i we can do ; though I'm afraid we've botched it." Inspector White took out his notes, and, I seating himself at the table, began immediately : to comply with the request. In the midst of the work a messenger ventured to bring a card to the door. 44 Humph,'' said the chief, 44 Tvingmnn Y. Thomas, of the Boston Glohey is here, and he says that his business is important and im mediate." 44 Lei bim come in, then," advised Applebee. 44 1 tell you that man cut his eye teeth years ago. If he says important he means impor tant." The chief gave a sign of acquiescence, and shortly after the door opened to admit Mr. Kingman V. Thomas. Quietly dignified, and entirely master of himself, as upon all occasions, the reporter cost a quick glance unon toe group. Without a word he advanced to the table, inserted his hand in his breast, took therefrom something enwrapped in a news- ; paper, and laid it down before the chief ; inspector. 44 What is it, Thomas?" queried Applebee, curiously. 44 Look at it," returned the reporter, briefly. The chief undid the wrapping and took out an old-fashioned 32-calIbre, four-barrelled, breech-loading pistol, about eight inches in length, and stained with rust in several places. Everybody started and looked eagerly from the weapon to the serious face of the man who had brought it. 44 It is just as I found it," he Bald, quietly, 44 with the exception of the rust. I took it out of water, and I didn't care to wipe it much, for fear of destroying the 6mut on that empty barrel." 44 Well," said toe chief, with an assumption, of indifference, 44 why do you bring It here ?" 44 1 considered it my duty to do so, sir." 44 To be sure ; but what makes you think bo ? In other words, where did you find it ?" 44 1 found it in the water on the shore at Swampscott." 44 Swampscott!" ejaculated Applebee, who began to examine toe weapon with avidity. 4 'The deuce you did! When?" 44 Sunday night, about nine o'clock." 14 Sunday!" echoed toe chief inspector, toarply, "andit is now Tuesday morning. You were evidently in no haste." 44 1 went out of town by a very early train on Monday. This is the first opportunity I have hftdj jyafttlpwipn.' ' 44 How came you to he wading in the water at Swampscott after dark, Thomas?" ques tioned Applebee. 44 WelC sir, it won't take me long to tell you what little I know about toe matter. I stipu late but one thing. This must not be given to the press. You agree? Very well. I was passing the North villa when 1 saw a woman enveloped in a long cloak stealing out of the garden. I followed her, deeming her appear ance suspicious. She went towards the shore, and I thought I saw her throw something into toe water. Waiting till she had gone, I waded out and found this. I ran up toe street, hoping to catch her, but missed toe last train in. She seems to have been in better luck." The three inspectors exchanged significant glances. 44 And you didn't see her face, Thomas ?" Applebee eagerly inquired. 44 1 did not ; no." 41 And you have no idea who she is ?" Thomas hesitated a moment before re plying. 44 1 don't know thatl care to state theories. Yon have enough of your own." 44 Well, Mr. Thomas," said the chief at last, 44 1 think you are entitle to our most sincere thanks for important evidence in toe North case. Still, In matters of this kind, delays are dangerous. It does seem as if you might have found some way to get this to us before this." 44 1 preferred to deliver it in person," said Thomas, quietly. 44 1 never take any chances in a matter of this importance." 44 You prefer to be alow hut rare, I sup pose," said toe chief, smiling. 44 Wellj Apple bee, here it is. It won't take you long to verify your suspicions about it." 44 X rather suspect that Thomas has already done that," Appteebee said. ' I took that liberty, yes," agreed the re porter. ' To whom did vou take it ?" ' To Comfort liar wood, Swamnscott." 4 41 When?" . This morning— the first opportunity I have bad." 41 And what did she say ?" 41 She positively identified it as the property of the late Paul North." This appeared to be the extent of Thomas's Information. When he went out, White said with a smile : " Bless me if that man wouldn't stand as a model for this description I am writing.'' 44 Eh !" exclaimed the inspector, turn- ug suddenly in his chair. 44 Applebee, watch tint !" "What? Thomas?" cried the subordinate, is amused amazement. 14 That same Thomas," said the chief, drily; 44onless you want toe newspapers to get stead of us in this matter. For I tell you ttet man knows more than he has told us." (to be cozctzkued.) 