THE PERPLEXED EDITOR. He had a lofty forehead. Also a marble brow. hair was combed back in an intel lectual fashion, and his necktie was syste matically disarranged in Byronic Btyle. He was about twenty-three years old, and his face was beardless; still there j was a glint of genius in his blue eye. He entered the editorial office with a firm, determined step. The first one whom he approached was the office boy, and asked " if the editor was in?" The office boy, with a wave of his pen, indicated a door marked "Private." " If you want to see him," said the j office boy, " he is in there." The stranger, with a glance which ought I to have immolated the office boy, strode | to the door pointed out. He knocked. " Come in," said a voice. He of the marble brow entered. There sat the editor in hiB uneasy | chair; for if anyone ever met with an easy chair in a newspaper office they must be especial favorites of fortune. As a rule, the ordinary editorial chair is about as mild and agreeable an article of furniture to repose in as a rack. The editor looked up inquiringly. " My name is Jewett,"said the visitor, and I have just graduated from I ' Ah !" said the editor. "I wish to embrace a literary career." " Hum." " But I realise I must begin at the J bottom rung of the literary ladder." " Good simile." " I heard, through a literary friend of mine, that you were in want of a good corresponding editor, one who can answer the various questions sent in to the paper by your readers." The editor lighted a cigar. "You have been rightly informed,"' said he, " we do want a corresponding editor. At present ours is in a padded cell." " A padded cell," gasped the applicant. ^ Yea." "Where ?" " In an insane asylum." " Is he crazy i" " Decidedly so." " What is the cause ?" " Somebody sent in a question asking how many hairs there were in the head of | an average Chinaman, and intimated that if the question waB not correctly answered he would stop taking the paper." The editor's guest paled. "Do you often get questions like that ?" J he somewhat nervously said. As the editor spoke he carelessly picked up a pile of open letters. " You are well informed," he continued. "Yes, sir." "I am glad of it, for frequently our corresponding editor is obliged to answer a couple of dozen inquiries inside of half an horn. Now, we will begin the com petitive examination." Glancing at the letters which he had in his hand, the editor asked :— " What was the date of the first Punic | war ? " Mr. Jewitt blushed. " I'm sure I can't remember just now," he faltered. " Indeed ? Here is another. Of what religion was Diana de Poitiers ? " " I—I couldn't say." " Will you please give me the exact j dimensions of Waterloo Bridge, and the [ name of the first man who passed over it. " N—ot right away." " Be kind enough to: print in* your ] paper a cure for erysipelas, toothache, and headache combined." Mr. Jewitt was visibly staggered. "I never studied medicine," he j answered. " A corresponding editor is supposed to j have studied everything," severely said the editor, " and be able to give replies on the spot. Here are a few more; see I if you can give replies to any of them." I " At what age did Martin Luther grow a moustache ? " Is there any law preventing one from marrying his grandmother's niece ? " What is the last style of dressing the I hair 2 What day did the 15th of Nov., 808, fall onP " Oblige me by—" But the editor waB interrupted by Mr. Jewitt. " I—I don't think I'd de for a corre sponding editor," he said, and his lofty | forehead looked sad as he walked ont. Why do the dandies affect one eye glasB ? They are wise. Not desiring to make any very great demand upon their intellectual powers, they desire only to take in half as much as ordinary people. "D.V." — There have been many ingenious explanations of these mysterious letters at the end of announcements of religious meetings; but the old German's explanation " tidies the cake." "Fader, vat means this—'Dene vill be a meeting of de Young Men's Ohristian Association on Sunday afternoon, 'D.V.I'" "Dot 'D.V.,'" said the old nan, * Don't voigetl The Latest Ibish Bull.—A Scotch* man was arguing with an Irishman the other day on the demands made by the Irish party in the House of Commons. " Sou Irish," said the Scotchman, " are never without a grievance. There scarcely passes a single week during the session that an Irish obstructionist doesn't make a noise in the House." "That's thrue enough," said the Irishman, " but we're obliged to kick up a dust, for whin we remain silent Parliament won't listen to us." A Neat Retort.—Two newly-made justices of the peace met a Rev. Mr. Thorn, as he was riding home, and resolved to quiz him. " Ah," said one of them, " you are not like your Master, for He was content to ride on an asB." " An ass !" exclaimed the minister. " There's nb such beast to be gotten nowadays." "Ah, how's that?" said the wits. "Because," replied Mr. Thorn, "they now make them justices of the peace." Jack as an Interpreter.—Shortly after the capture ef Guadeloupe by Admiral Cochrane some of the crew sauntered up the Grand Rue of Basse terre in quest of a grog shop, when their attention was arreBted by a signboard on which was painted, Bains cha/uds et froids (baths hot and cold). The best scholar amongst them was choBen interpreter, who thus explained it—"Beans chewed and fried." Sold.—PersonB inundated by begging letters may be interested to know that to all lettero soliciting hiB subscription to anything ErBkine had a regular form of reply, which ran as follows:—" Sir—I feel 'much honored by your application to me, and I beg to subscribe "—here the reader had to turn over the leaf—"'myself your very obedient servant," etc. The chaplain of a Dundee prison, a few years ago, was one Sunday discoursing to the prisoners on a subject in which he felt much interested, and as the time whioh he usually occupied with an addresB had passed before he had finished all he had got to say, he concluded with these words, "If it please God, we will finish this Bubject next Lord's Day." Immediately a voice proceeded from a cell occupied by a prisoner whose term of confinement expired during the week, and added, " And if it please God, I'll no be here to hear ye." The Federal Capital.—" Flaneur " writes in the Sydney Freeman:—What is the capital of the Australian Republic ? That is the question which will cause trouble to the coming schoolboy as he admits his ignorance and holds out his hand for a refreshing supply of " stirrup oil" or "cane juice." It is causing unpleasantness amongst ourselves already, and there is reason to fear our chief cities and towns will claw one another so badly over the business that when the cruel war is finished we won't have enough of any place left to form a capital at all. Albury has long since christened itself the Federal City; but now we find Warrnam bool asserting its superior claims on account of the prolific nature of its potato crops. Wagga also puts in a claim on the score of its having formerly been the home of the Tichbourne Claimant; whilst Tenterfield submits that it once saved Parkes's political life, and consequently it should be looked upon as the saviour of federa tion as well. Sutton Forest bases its claim on the fact that Lord Jersey resides there occasionally, while my own native city proudly points out that it has already spread a bond of union all over Australia by means of that delightful plant, the " Batburst Burr." Bourke draws attention to the salubrity of its climate and itB teetotal reputation; Kiama trusts to its good old " ghost;" and a plaoe oalled Boodgee Boodgee asserts its right to the honor because it is 500 miles away from any place at all on every side, and consequently it has heaps of room to spread. "Teapot Swamp" has not yet advanced its particular claims, and a like negligence is noticeable on the part of " Flaherty's Flat," " M'Ginty's Lagoon," and "Dead Deg Gully," but there is plenty of time to spare, and it is not definitely settled that we will ever require a capital city at all. 