SPORTING MEMS. [IIy 'The Demon.'] .. (Continued from Suturday's issue.) ^ Tlio Farewell Handicap, with its 70 sovs., was tho most uninteresting race of the mooting, having only produced three starters. Tho trio were all backed, and many thought that Southerly Buster would secure the first money, but Mario (Joe Burton's rccent purchase) never gave the others a ghost of a show, and won with ridiculous ease. In future Farewell Handicaps I think it would be in tho interest of the Club not to close j tho nominations until tho night of the first day's racing, and bring the weights out on the course just prior to tho run ning. There were several owners who would have been only too glad to have entered in the Farewell under the condi tions T have suggested, and I feel sure we should have seen a larger field and better race. I notice that the Orange Leader puts down the attendance OX THE FIRST DAY at 800 all told. This is scarcely fair to Bathurst, especially when I can assure the writer for the Leader that he could safely put down the number at 1000. Complaints are frequently made about tho trees not being cut down on the course so that visitors could see all races from start to finish. Let me assure those dissatisfied ones that this matter ha3 been considered over and over again, and that the only plan to effect the desired improve ment would be to cut away the hill top where the old Agricultural Society's yards used to be. This would cost more money than the providing a new course and buildings, and I leave it to all sensible racing men which would be the best for the sporting public. I was pleased to see friend ' Martindale,' of the T. and G. again to the fore as representing the metropolis. Once upon a time the Herald was wont to send us ' Nemo,' and other papers were repre sented, but for some years past we have only been favored with visits from the ever constant and always obliging ' Martindale.' I missed many of the regular visitors, but in turn spotted many new faces, and who were so pleased with the two-day's sport that they pro mise to como again. The books generally must have done well with the exception of one or two AVIIO PEPPERED VOLNEY. But how on earth so many pencillers exist I cannot imagine. It appeared to me as if half the saddling paddock was made up of bookies, and liow they did shriek when Volney came in first for the Cup. Did anyone pick the two Volneys besides one or two who followed the Wellington division 7 I think not. POLICE PROTECTION was supplied plentifully, but why is it that this police in Bathurst are always instructed that they are not on the course as assistants to the club but merely to preserve the peace 7 I am told that these are the orders from metro politan headquarters. If this is the case then fish is made for Randwick and flesh for tho country. I have noticed tho police in large numbers marched into tho paddock at Randwick and then told oil' to their different positions. About every fifteen or twenty yards in the straight run A POLICEMAN IS STATIONED to assist not only in preserving order, but in keeping the course clear. If this can be done at Randwick, it might very easily, in a modified form, be done at Bathurst. Up to the last four years or so mounted men were placed in positions on tho course to see that there were no fence breakers, but even this boon is now withdrawn. There is zeal exhibited in suppressing a totalisator, or an under and-over-man, and this is nil. I do not wish to be thought as complaining against the local police, as I am dis tinctly told they arc simply acting under orders from head-quarters. It docs, however, appear strange that the same man who attempted to RUN A TOTE OUTSIDE on Bathurst course, can bo allowed to do so within the Leger enclosure at Randwick. The settling-, thanks to Mr. Gardiner's liberal supply of clmmpagne, was enjoyable and not overdone. Mr. W. Kite occupied the chair and spoke in plain terms at the want of support to the Turf Club by those who are well able to give it. There are some generous hearted men who give their cheques by way of donations — they are very few, but show examples well wortliyof imitation. The Messrs. Sullivans'donation of 30 sovs. to the Forest King Stakes was indeed a kind one, especially when 1 know that thoso gentlemen were only too anxious that any other owners of sires should join with thorn. Next year I hope to seo a prize for the produce of not only Forest King but other owners in the West, subsidised by tho owners of these sires and supplemented by the Turf Club. Tho buyers of rights ought to have done well. I am sure that the gale purchaser cannot regret his venture, and as to tho booth holders, if they didn't como out with fair profits it was simply that the serving of liquors was loo slow. Taking, then, tho whole meeting right through, it may bo PRONOUNCED A SUCCESS, and it is to be hoped will prove an incentive to the Turf Club to go in for improvement. ' We've got the nags, we've got the men, we've got the money, too,' to make Bathurst, as it was in days of yore, a recognised racing place. It only requires liberality ou tho part of thoso who have the means, together with increased energy by the officials of tho Turf Club. For myself, although not to bo an active worker again, I can only say that, if my feeble pen and very limited moans will permit, nothing shall bo wanting in my declining years to further tho interests of legitimate liorso racing in Bathurst. Woodyear, the circus proprietor, who was well-known in New South Wales, died recently in India of cholera after a few hours illuess, 