SThe Rose of Chatham. By MAURIiCE .T OMPSON. Chapter I.-Contiued. klon where, perhaps, Rose might meet him and wielcome him in, when, as lie turned a corner, he collided with a man coming quite as swifty from the opposite direction. They both fell heavily, Pres cott on top. There was a momentary acramblo and some unintelligible ejacn "lations before they arose and faced each other, glaring through the fog. An imprecation of no uncertain sort now leaped from the stranger's lips, and at the same time his arm fletw out, his , clinched fist striking the lieutenant full in. the ehest with such force that' he reeled back and came near falling again. The blow was so sudden, heavy and alto gether munexpected that the surprise was greater than the injury. Before Pres cort could recover himself his assailant had passed on and was lostin the fog, leaving behind him the sting of a very cutting insult added to the indignity of the fist stroke. "Take that, you infernal rebel dog. and keep out of a gentleman's way!" With these exasperating words ring ing In his ears, and with the dull pain of the buffet on his breast, the young lieutenant whipped out his sword and blindly tried to pursue; but the man was gone. Turning about presently he resumed his way, most thoroughly excited and actually trembling from head to foot. Never before had he felt such anger, such uncontrollable and savage rage. The man's face was as firmly fixed in his memory as if it had been painted there, although he had seen it but dimly. It was a strong, rather stolid English face, with a long mustache, a firm, cruel mouth and a peculiarly heavy though straight and by no means ill shaped nose. "Pll know the scoundrel if I ever see .him again," the lieutenant gnashed, "and I'll break his neck if I can, con found himl A British emissary, Ill wager my life. There had been that in the fellow's voice which bespoke him a gentleman in one sense of the word-that is, it was the voice of an educated man-and Pres cott was somehow strangely impressed (as be became aware when his fit of des perato rage had subsided) with a certain lower in it, the power of one gifted in some extraordinary way. Altogether the bit of adventure had left a vivid reflection on the young man's mind, and it was with the sense of hav ing passed a crisis in his life that he strode on rather slowly, his pulse still abnormally quick and his nerves tin gling strangely. When he reached the gate of Ir. Fen wicke's house he found it locked and looking up he saw no light in.tho.win lfear.-A wasT quite silent and still, save that a large mastiff growled threat eningly from some point inside the nar row space between the wall and the house. What could this mean? It was not late, not late enough for the household to be asleep. Could they be gone away? Some dark presentiment began to take form in his brain as he stood with his hand on the top of the tall gate. Again he rapped loudly and listened as the sharp echoes rattled through the recesses of the rambling and rather gloomy build ing, which seemed to stare vacantly at him. It wts mostly his excited imagina tion, for presently the negro porter came and unlocked the gate, after inquiring who it was that desired to enter. The mastiff was troublesome. Evidently it wished to get at the lieutenant, trying to break away from th?e segro even after Prescott had mounted the steps and was clanging noisily with the heavy brass knocker. A pleasant surprise awaited the young man, however, for, instead of a servant, Rose came to open the door, which she did with the manner of one who doubts the propriety of the act. "Ohl" she cried out, starting and near ly dropping the lamp. "Is it you, Lieut. Prescott? I was pot erp ting you and -and" "Why, how you tremble!" he ex claimed, stepping in and closing the door behind him, his hand outstretched for greeting. "What isit, Rose? What has happened?" She was pale, and the lamp she bore in her hand shook violently. "Go away; don't speak again," she whispered. "Quick-geol" It was now his turn to show surprise and almost alarm. "What do you mean, Rose?" "I cannot tell you now, but you must go away-qu.ck, quickl" She put forth an agitated hand aul gave hWim a little push to emphasize herwords, which were uttered withintensestvehemence, though in a low whisper. He stood irresolute, gazing at her, the snrprise and mystery of the situation still bewildering him. ?he continued to push him and to urge "Go; please go qehhkphy. You must, you must." "But Ro.sa, tell me, explain. What is all this for? What have I done?" "Nothing, nothing. Don'tspeak,hurry away, gel" He was now outside the doorway on the uppermost step and she with the door half closed was looking at him, the trem bling light from the lamp flickering on her pale, earnest, excited, beautiful face. She was still moi-ioqiq lim away. A puff of air blew out the lamp. Prescott was not sure whether or not it was Rose that caused the darkness by a puff from her bloodless lips. "Some one is coming, go very lightly, make no noise, hurry away. Good-by, dear, dear Waynel" he heard her say, and then the door closed with a barely audible click of the heavy latch. Dazed, cruelly tortured, quite baffled in every way, the poor lover turned from the house and passe4 out into the street, where he paused and looked up, |i th9 vain hope of catching some ass~nrng glimpse; all was dark and the fog was every minute growing denser. NTot a sound, not a glint of light, not a hint of life came from the dim, solemn looking mansion. Be lingered for a while, he hardly knew why, then walked slowly and, for for the first time in his life, unsteadily away, taking the direction of his com pany's camp. Naturally enough the words "Good-by, dear, dear Wayne," were ringing sweetly, yet with almost unbearable pathos, in his ears. True lover that he was,.he felt the security of his hold upon Rose's heart. He could not doubt her faithfulness. What then was the meaning of thle strange treat ment he had received? Of course it was quite impossible for him to formulate any satisfactory explanation, and the more he thought of it the more mysteri ous it seemed. Doubtless his imagina tion exaggerated the whole affair, but at best, under the circumstances, there was much in it to arouse the deepest anxiety, if not the wildest and most shapeless suspicions which now crowded his brain. Hitherto he had been a frequent and al ways welcome visitor at the Fenwicke place; nothing of which he was aware had happened to cause the sudden change, nor was there any theory upon which he could account for the singular driving him away. In going back toward the camp he did not rush along with the eager haste that had urged him when his feet were set in the other direction, but trudged heavily andaslowly, with his face drawn and his hands clinched. The fog, driven in more and more from the-river, the creeks and the marsh es lying seaward; was now so close and heavy that it made the darkness almost as great as if there had been no moon at all. The lieutenant had forgotten his collision with the strange man earlier in the evening, but the incident was sud denly and forcibly recalled by being re peated. Plump together they ran again, but this time, as Prescott was moving slowly and his opponent very rapidly, the former found himself flat on his back in the sandy street, while the sturdy stranger was going on his way appar ently not in the least disconcerted. This was less seen than felt and heard by the prostrate and thoroughly enraged lieu tenant, who sprang to his feet and slash ed away with his sword, much gratified that it struck the very substantial but quite invisible enemy, who turned and fired a pistol By the quick, keen blaze the men saw each other for an instant. Tihe shot missed, and again Prescott cut savagely, this time making an ugly wound on the other's face. Another flash and sharp report; the ball grazed the lieutenant's arm and plowed along his side. Then the man rushed upon him and dashed him to the earth as if lhe had been a child, kicking him and stamping upon hitm heavily. "Take that-and that, and that, you dirty dog of a rebel!" Prescott heard and then became in sensible. CHAPTER IL There is no reason why the reader of this sketch of early American history should be kept in suspense touching the apparent mystery of Rose Fenwicke's action as recorded in the foregoing chap ter. If our purpose were to make a sen sational story, nothing would be more to the point than to tantalize expectation with a series of but half explained cir cunnstances tending to mystify instead of clarify that occurrence, which in fact was the outcome, in a way, of old Mr. Fenwicke's loyalty to Great Britain, and of course his disloyalty to the American government in the great strurala.f,..iA ~Aenry'tiintoinCoL WVestfield Maynard, so called, had come to Savannah for the purpose of scheming for the occupation of the city by the British troops. May nard was not, in fact, a colonel. indeed he held no office. His true character was that of a most intrepid and daring adventurer, absolutely fearless, almost a giant in stature, possessed of a most insinuating manner, thoroughly un scrupulous and withal handsome .an. gifted in noq ordinary degree. Making his way to Savannah, by means known only to himself, he had, on reaching the city, gone straightway to the Fenwicke mansion, in accordance with suggestions contained imt his letters from Sir Henry Clintoq. Mr. Fenwicke, then one of the wealthi est citizens, and perhaps the very most influential one in Savannah, was known to the British authorities as a stanch and uncompron}ising friezld to the home government, a man upon whom they could safely rely for both sympathy and material aid in any scheme to advance their interests. Of vourse there were other Tories in the cifv, all of them well kinown to Mr. Fenwicke, and the first thing Maynard did was to influence Fenwicke to call a secret meeting of these at his house. The readers will now quickly under stadn iwhy Rose forced her lover fronm the house; for at that very time the Tory meeting was in session in a back room. The girl's good sense told her that if Lient. Prescott should discover her fa ther's connection with a treasonable transaction it would be the young man's duty to have him arrested forthwith, and the result might be most terrible, for just at that particular point in the progress of.the revolutionary struggle the bitter est hatred of the Tories was nursed by the American soldiery. Maynard disclosed to the little knot of Tories huddled In that closely blinded rear roon} that iAeat. Cpi. Aracibai4 Campbell was then on his way froni Sandy Hook with a fleet bearing an army sent by Sir Henry Clinton to take and oc cupy Savannmmah. Accidentally Rose over heard this,-and became aware of what yv s going on. The snisinon had been darkened to prevent visitors from . dropping in, and all the pnceedlngs qf the pgusp?rators were conducted with the utmost caution. Knowing that Lieut. Prescott was ah sent on picket or outpost duty, Rose had not dreamed of. his coming, when sud denly his rap resounded on the door. One thought-that of preventing the young man from discovering her father's connection with a plot for delivering the city over to the enemy-drove every }}ing else fron) ler lie+p4. When he was gone she stood just in side the door, her heart beating wildly and her brain reeling with the excite tent of the odcasion. At heart she was antearnestrebiel, thoroughly in sympath3 wt ith the struggle for independence; but e she loved her father, and could not beal ,f the thought of having him anrrested as f a Tory and a traitor. Now that he wassafe for the time, the strain of the situatior relaxed as suddenly as it had come or and she was too weak to stand. She tot tered to a table and set the lamp on it, e and then fell upon a sofa, nerveless and white as a ghost. It was but a few mo. ments, however, that the weakness pre vailed; her nature was strong and elastic, 3 and her will was of the sort with which revolutionary women of the best stamp were endowed. Even in the moment when she was thrusting her lover from the door the resolve was forming itself, under her consciousness, so to say, that, if she could prevent it, Savannah should not be betrayed and her gates opened to the British. IMaynard had left the house but a few minutes before Lieut. Prescott knocked. Indeed it had seemed to Rose that the former must have been at the gate when the latter entered. She wondered if this were so, and if the lieutenant would sus pect what had been going on. One by one the conspirators left the house and went their way. What they had deter mined upon is not known, save that some plan was agreed to which Maynard re garded as of probable. value in aid of Lieut. Col. Archibald Campbell's project for taking the city. All were gone, and the Fenwicke house hold were on the point of retiring when Maynard suddenly returned gashed and bleeding from a long, deep wound across the side of his handsome face. "A confounded rebel officer," he said, "ran against me just out yonder. Fetch ai surgeon as soon as possible or I shall bleed to death." Servants were called. "Be careful in this matter," Maynard managed to murmur before he reeled into a chair. "Remember that there is danger if I am suspected-danger for you all. Don't get a-a--reb-rebel surgeon," he gasped, "but be-be quick!" The blood was flowing freely, saturat ing his clothes. He was as white as ia dead man. Tihe household was alarmed in two ways, for Maynard appeared about to die, and that of itself was ter rible. Beyond this lay the danger of having a British spy in the house, which was the greatest of all crimes just then. There was no time for hesitation, how ever. A servant went posthaste in search of a surgeon, while others bore Maynard up to at secluded rootm and put him to bed with a bandage round his face. The wound proved not so bad after all. "Ho will be himself again in less tlan a fortnight," said the surgeon, after dressing the gash. "Duel, I pre sume," he added, sotto voce, to Mr. Fen wicke at the door on taking his leave. "These young men tireo such idots." "To be sure," responded the old masn, glad to clutch at such an explanation. "To be sure, and I suppose they always will be. We wero young once, doctor." Meanwhile Lieut. Prescott lay where Maynard left him, cold and senseless, his sword under him and one arm out stretched along the sand. Slowly the fog lifted and was blown away, giving place to a broad shimmer of moonlight that emphasized tl., dank walls and gloomy nooks of thl stragglng town. CHAPTER II. 'Bolw have youL Icarcd what you tell a c' Doubtless it is i::possible at this time to look back anl understand with any degree of realization the peculiar situa tion in which Rose Fenwicke found her self when she had sufficiently recovered from the evening's excitement to take a somewhat calm view of what had trans pired. In the seclusion of 1her chamber she thought it all over, with the rapidly growing impression that it was her duty to go straightway to the headquarters of the little American garrison and make known to the commanding officer the plot being arranged to betray the city. But as often as she turned this in her mind the connection of her father with the treasonable affair startled her and made any disclosure appear impossible. She slept none that night. Indeed she scarcely thought of sleep. Her nerves were wrought to high tension in4d her whole nature was absorle4 in the con sideration of a plan for balking: Maynard and his allies. Strange that it should have been nearly the last hour of the night before a thought, which might (under a less strain of excitement) have been suggested at once by- ?Mynard's re marks came upon her mind with almost stunning suddenness. The wounded l1util upotn 'utering the house had said that.ho had been hurt by a rebel officer. Why had she not thought of Prescott? It was so plain now that It was he who cut that gash. They must have umet in the street and fought there. Instantly the dreadful question arose, Was Lieut. Prescott hurt? Then she remembered that she had heard two pistol shots ring out cleat and keen throulgh the foggy nlgbt sir. Her heart stopped short for awhile, to presenily leap into her throat with almost suffocating throbs. With that swift and vivid readi ness common to young and imaginative minds, her fancy pictured her lover lying s, dead with tpturned face in the moon at light. A cold chill crept over her and ir her limbs shook as with an ague. Loud a and clear the cocks in the back court fe crowed out the hour of dawn. She sprang in up, threw on her clothes and passed out n into the street. As if by some unerring t- intuition she went directly to the spot t, where Prescott and Maynard had fought. id There were deep marks of the struggle e in the sand, and some streaks and dashes of blood were visible in the gray chill c, morning glimmer. She looked about, h her eyes scanning as best they could the p surrounding space; then came a great re st lief-a sense of escape from a burden of n horrible dread. A drum rolled out the fmorningcall at the little American camp. t, With but a moment's hesitation she d went swiftly on in the direction of the , sound, and was soon face to face with the sentinel in front of the officers' quarters. v "I wish to see Gen. Howe," she said abruptly. e The sentinel called the officer of the guard, a corporal, who came forward in a moment. "Well, madam," he demanded, doffing his well worn cap, "what is it you wish?" d "I must see Gen. Howe." "Sorry I am thathe'snothere, madam, but he is not. He is at the Tatnall man sion." ,f "Then could I see tho next officer in charge?" "Col. Huger is here, madam." "Tell him I have something important to say to him." Leaving her with the sentinel the cor poral turned about and walked away. In a few minutes he came back, and bidding her follow led the way to a small house surrounded by tents. Col. Huger, who 1 had just risen and hastily dressed him self, received her in a small, plainly fur nished room which was well saturated w ith the fumes of tobacco. He was very polite and kind in his manner, but at first did not recognize her. "It is because I could not help it that I have come here," she hurriedly began. "There is a plot to betray the city into the enemy's hands. A fleet is already on the way here from Sandy Hook, and there is now in Savannah an emissary of the British going about among the To ries." The colonel recognized her while she was speaking, and tihe slightest shade of perplexity gathered on his eyes. She was beautiful,and her embarrassment height ened the effect of her face. "You are Miss Feunwicke, I believe," lho said, witls grave courtesy. She nodded and the color slipped out of her cheeks. "How have you learned what you tell me?" he inquired, fixing his eyes steadily upon hers. She shrank and looked down, but pres ently her native courago asserted itself. She returned his gaze steadily with clear, innocent eyes, while the rosy flush came slowly up into her face again. "You must not insist upon that ques tion," she answered; "for I cannot tell you. You may be sure that I have it from the directest channel of informa tion. The British will land to-morrow or the next day." She arose to go. . "And the emissary, who is lie and where is he?" demanded the colonel. "I cannot tell you." "Very well," he said. "Sergeant, take a carriage and drive this lady to her home." A young red headed officer came out of an adjoining room and bowed. "Get a carriage," repeated the colonel, and when the man was gone he turned to Rose and said: "It is scarcely possible that ydur in formation is reliable, but I will honor it, coming from you. I am surprised that you bring it to us, but I am all the more proud of your patriotism." She knew that he was thinklng of her father and consnecting him with the co0lspiracy. "How strong is the force of the Brit islh reported to be?" lhe inquired after a few seconds of silence, "ssd who com manded?" '"t is a strong force under Lieut.-Col. Archibald Campbell and Commodore Parker." "When did it sail from Sandy Hook?" "On the 27th of November." "Did you hear what troops they have?" "The Seventy-first regiment of foot, four battalions of Provincials, two of Hessians and a detachment of artillery." He looked at her in surprise. Her memory seemed absolutely clear and ready. Somehow the sincerity and dig nity of her bearing and the extreme beauty of her face gave singular force tq her statements. He kanew that her father was a bitter Tory; at least that was the well grounded belief of every body, and it seemed strange, indeed, that this, his only child, should come as the bearer of such information. Of course the colonel's first thought was the suspicion that Mr. Fenwicke must be deeply concerned in the cqn spiracy. Tht sergeant had retufrued at this mo ment and was astanding uncovered in the oo.way, his red hair shlining and his freckled face beaming with good nature. "The carriage is ready, Col. Huger," he said, saluting. Rose, after bidding the colonel good morning, turned and followed the ser geant, who Ballantly handed her into the carriage and bade the negro driver follow her.directeiS., BRefs. reaching the Fenwicke man sion Rose ordered the driver to stop the vehicle, and shel got out to finish the dis tanco onil foot, not wishing any of tha household to see hlier in Col. Huger's car riage, which would be sure to provoke awkward inquiries. Fortunately neither her going out nor lier comning in t?as observed, and she made her way to her room, where she flung herself down exhausted, soon fall ing asleep. No sooner was loso gone from his presence than Col. Huger ordered his horse and galloped to the Tatnall resi dence to eei Ge. Howe and advise him of what she had told. The general dias (To 1,e cotiacl.) 