: ; i.; Varieties. ';.' J loio tli c 'lifim- Hills -w-l litititi In-. *'Ks paper read hofnro tliu llnmlm.' Nmurnl lllHi.irv Hiicluly recently, mut pub liil.eil lii iia j-mnml, Mr. lnvciiult.v, n noted j/j/'/ii/'i, .llsi'iiistil i ho luibllB ut Iho iljcr mill i.-Ki-L-clnllv thu modi, In which It kllU and cats its prey, Somo think ho srir.es b\ tho throat othori by tho iinpo of thu iicoa from nbovo, Mr. luveraiity baa rxanitnnl scorea'of slain nlittnnls with special rcferonco tn tills point, ami in every uato hut one tliu tlmml wna soltud from bcluw. Tlio cxccpllon win an old boar who Imd been selr.«l by the hnok ot the neck from nbuvo, Onu of a single II lo of villagers who wna once aelr-nd by tho nnpu of the uctk ny n man cater, but Bivvcd by ills comnauloiia, had no IiIcb wlmn ho recovered Ills semes what had hnppcncil. Wlicthur dlslocnllonof thoncck takes plncc ia doubtful. Tbo Inmo hunting leopards nlwayB kill bj prcuuro on the wlmliitpo, without brenk ng tho Bklu | poaalbly the tlpcr kills In the cuno way. It Ii only by accident, if nt nil, that tigers In killing sever nn important vulii or artery, nnd no blood to speak ol IIovvb from tho tlm-at- ounds, Very large and powerful nnlmals Ilku llm hull, hullnlo and bison, If attacked nt nil, mo in the lirat iustnnco attacked from the rear, with a view to di«nl-lo them. Having killed, tho tiger nlmott invariably begins untlng a liluil nunrinr, ccnaumliiB onn or probably both, tionu fines ho lcavt-t tho Blomacli nml intcaliura as they arc , sometimes bo will rcniuvu them to one sldi. making a neat pirccl of them. A tlfc.r am a tigrcaj together will fln'ah an ordinal' aiwiHiiiimafntone meal, lairing ..illy .tb. bunil. Inthiacnseitls probable I hat th' SL'ccmd bi'L'iiu nt the fore quarter. Animal, are never eaten where tluy are killed, bui arc ahvnys limited n shoit dlBlnnco. Tbc.- arc not HIUil clear of tho ground, but ' 'ffvipp gnrgeil lilmscir.tlio tiger somctiinci licsclusc by hia prey, but if It is hot wcatht-l »ud then; are hills in Ihc nclghlmuihooil, hi will go a lung illilanco nil before resting foi the Unv. llu prefcri tu lie in n cool cavo oi in n brcczo on the hill side than in tho closi \ot jungle. lie lutimis next night nnd HiiIjIics what ia left, but ho never cats a to.'oml time on the same spot, drugging tho iciunlns of the nri-y 10 or.tfu ynrila'ull. Sporlamcn coming on n halt-detuurml nnliinl nml desiring Ic catch the tlijcr, tic tho picy to a tree. The tiger Ukis about two hours' steady eating ti lii.i,li thu furc iiunrtcisof a hulluck. Mr. Jnvemrity Bat ovor n small tigress one night who atu for ten minuter, then went a.vayfor twenty, prubably to ililuk, nnd on her return alo atonilily for two and a quartel h h:m. He did not fire, na bo could uot ace CTiEcra arc cnnnibala ; they will rcifcc Ibeii meals olt inch other. They nrc supposed to kill once ii five or six days, nml nu doubt tho tigir after a heavy feed docs not care tt bunt much for a few daya ; but a tiger killi whenever be can. They have been known to kill on H consecutive nights. l&Mr.; Inverarity bcltcviM that nnlius'-i lilleil by tiawa suffer little boyond the pnnlo of t few seconds. The Bbuck produces a stunoi and lireumincss in which tbcre is no sense ol pain or feeling of terror. The powcrfu. Etrokc of the fore paw of Ibo tiger ia t fiction ; ho clutches witb his claws as on. might with the fingers, but does net strike i Tigers wander Immense distances lit night and, as they like easy going, they goon roadi nml laths. They do not like to move dur in' (lit' hact of tbo dny, na the hot groun- burns their pads nnd makes them raw. The; In Salscltc ono climbed after a cettali Pnniloo, but could not reach him, nnd re tired. Pandou, thinking the coa« clear, go down and ran toward home, lint on the wn; wna caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated thnt Pandoi died cf tho tiger eating him ; tbcre was m other cause of death. Nothing was let' except sumo lingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand.' Native have a belief that the ghosts of the man enter's victims ride in his head nud wan him of danger, or point the wny to fresl victims. : ? 