A STAGE GHOST In tbe courre of thirty reare' experience as an actor and manager in ibe provinces, Ihave. had some curious adventures, but never one' eo utterly beyond my powers of comprehen sion as an occurreuoe which took plane at the Theatre-Royal. Woolford, just before Christ mas 1872. X nave often related the details of this matter to my friends, and it waa talked of freely &t; the time. Of course, every man who heard it had a theory of his own- wherewith to soeouht for the incident which 1 oould not possibly account for ; neverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair aa I 'was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as moat people— at least people of my profession — are aware, ia one of the most important theatrical towns in England,, and its Theatre-Royal ia visited week after week by the leading touring .companies. Eighteen years ago, nowevar, it waa the habit of eome companies to remain in a large town for mote than a week, and it was In accordance with this practice that the Com pany el which I was a member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong com bination, and doting our stay in the plaoe gained muoh applause for our presentation of Shakespearean plays, a selection of which we ' put forward with exceptionally good mount- ingand accessories. There were three persons in our company who excited my interest in an unusual decree. The first waa our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer, a vety handsome olever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the ordinary run of actresses, and looked upon her work with tbat fine enthusiasm which always tends to tuooees. It was a great thing for her chances in the prof melon that ehe had been exception ally well ednoated, and was thus able to give effeot to passages in the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it diffioolt to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with the result that when she repre sented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Deademoua or Perdila, as the case might be. Mies Lattimer, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself in the character which she en traced to nresent. The second person who attracted my notice wsB( our leading tragedian, Mr Edwaid Bovitie. He had come into the oomp&ny; under somewhat mysterious circtim itances. None of us'knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mtil, as moet of ns had ; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, Mid rapidly rose from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. Oar manager, if he knew anything of Boville'e history, carefully . refraioed from abating the knowledge with us, sod we therefore invented a Btory lor ourselves to tbe effect tbat Boville was a peer in disguise who was acting for amusement. That he was a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of the society which we usually call aristocratic, and it was palpably evident that he had been ednoated as only public-school and university men are. He was always kind and sociable with the rest ot us; but we knew well enough that he was not of us, and tbat under other oonditions we should not have had ! intimate relations with him. BoviUe was a tall handsome man of 28 or 30, and I often thought that he and Miss . Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up a friendship which no doubt Beemed to some of ua likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I never saw anything whioh led me to suppose Boville to be in love with Mies Lattimer. He was always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distent fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of hie 41 swell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought tbat Boville was making love to Miss Lattimer, aud that was the third of the three persons who had excited my interest. Until Boville'e sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Jdelford had always been regarded as our . most promising man. He bad a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager pas&ed; Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent ment, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage- struck awellB, and bo on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for BoriDe was undoubtedly a very fine aud capable actor, and well worthy the esteem in which our roaueger held him. I had often thought that Melford was in love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression in his face which 1 did not like ; I had seen him try to gain speech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to one of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow when you came to know him ; bnt his dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire sny one with icelings of liking. Then, too, he was moody and taciturn, aud sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. 1 believe tbat old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the fact that Melford was a tborougbly- tr&ined; actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was the first week iu December when we opened at Woolford, and we were to remain thereuntil the 20th, when the theatre would be closed for a few days to allow oi preparations being made for the annual pantomime. During the two or three weeks preceding our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford, end more especially between Melford ana Miss Lattimer. On more than one occasion I happened to come : across Miss Lattimer and Melford talking together, and 1 fancied each time that ehe was in tears, while 1 was quite certain that ho was speaking angrily aud with a sort of peremptoriness that he bad no right to assume. Two days after our arrival at Woolford I overheard these two talkiag in one of the dressing-rooms, and caught the final words which were spokenby Melford. 4 1 shall stand it no longer : I'll give you twenty-four hours, and if you don't apeak then, I shall !" Then he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre ; and though ehe hai a thick veil on, it was evident to me that she had been shedding tears. I wondered what it was tbat Melford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it .was nothing more than eomegrievanoein relation to business matters, of which Melford, being a peevish man, always had & stock. And yet that hardly accounted for Miss Lattimer' 8 tears. How- ever, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. Our play tbat night was 44 Romeo and Juliet, " with Miss Lattimer and Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, and Melford in the part of Tybalt. The occasion was somewhat out of the ordinary, for the Mayor and Aldermen of Woolford hod given their patronage, and were to be present in full force. When the curtain went up there wsb hardly standing-loom in the mere popular parts of the house ; and by the time we had reached the ball-scene, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first time, there waa not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, for love or money. It «eemed to me that Boville was some- what agitated tbat night. I had seen him early in the evening in conversation with , Miss Lattimer at the wings. They were not i long together ; but Melford saw them, and a 1 fierce look came over his faoe. He went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we fihould have teouble me long. Little did I guess how it was to oome. We reaohed the eoene where Tybalt, re- toruiug to the stage, is met and elalu by Romeo. I stood at the win£s watching, others of the company standing near me. Tybalt rushed on, and was met by Borneo. I started to see how real the thing looked.. Both men, Boville and Melford, glared at each other ae if thequarrel had been a real one affecting themselves. The duel oom- ; menced, the fencing wis superb, for both 1 "" ' r men were accomplished swordsmen. One of the men standing by myaide remarked how like a real fight St: wen Suddenly, as in the stags directions, Romeo tan Tybalt through the heart, add the latter with one glue round, dropped. Boville stood motionless for a seoosQ, gating At bis prostrate foe A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And then all of a sudden, one of tike girls standing at tbe wings shrieked aloud and printed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ing the boards. The duel had been no acting; it was teal, and MeUord lay there dead 1 I have only a confused recollection of what followed There was no more ao ting that night, end the, streets were soon full of a crowd talking of the awful nisdhaaoe that had jnst taken plaoe at the Theatre- Royal For mischance it oould be, and nothing else. By eome dire mistake, Bovifie had used a buttonlesa rapier. At the crucial he Bald, Melford slipped, and the weapon, in- I stead of pasting between body and aim, had penekated his heart. . Of course there was sn inquiry and an inquest and so en ; hut everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible aorident, and ho blame was attached to Boville. Htiford waB interred, and ip a day or two the matter was treated Rkeihe pro- - verbal nine days', wonder. But Boville went about looking very pate and haggard— a great contrast to Miss I At timer, who some how seemed to have recovered her spirits. For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville'e name was not ou tho bills, the manager con sidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequently the duties of leading man devolved on me, and bard work I had doriag the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself eo much to the satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart thelast sight of our stay at Woolford for my Now, I had always a desire to play Romee, and I was ail tbe more anxious to appear in tbat character on my benefit night because Mies Lattimer w&e; an incomparable JnJiet I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious about the pro priety of" producing the play again so soon after the fatal accident; but we finally decided upon doing so, and the bills were got ont. I was anxious that Boville should sup port me. and prevailed upon him to take the part of Tybalt. He shivered slightly when I named the part to him, bnt finally consented on condition that an assumed name should 'go down on the bills. The night cams ; I a fall house and a splendid reception, laud Miss Lattimer was in magnificentform. The early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony scene I frit so elated with my own euocess as to have visions of a -great career in the metropolis. Boville, on tbe other hand, was gloomy spd under a cloud. 44 Tom," ehe said, coming,to meat the wing, 44 something is going to happen to me to night." I looked at him in amazement. ' He shook his head. 44 Something will happen to me to night," he repeated. " I know ii. I feel," he eaid in a lower voice, and looking round him, — 44 1 feel that something is haunting mo." 14 Nonsense 1" I answered. You're out of sorts, Boville. Th< Christinas jollities will put you all right." " ' 4 You'll see," he said, and turned away. The scene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Boville'e approach., X suddenly beoame aware of a strange coldness tbat seemed to spread itielf all round me The words, 1 Here comes the fler y Tybalt bock again.' fell on my e&re; unheeded. I eaw Boville advancing. And then—I felt acrid touch on my hand, and a voice — Melford'e voice —whisper: 44 Not yen, Tom." Ifdtmyedf held as iu a vice, and saw another Romeo glide past me sword in hand. I oanght a glimpse of his face— heavens! it was Melford came back. I heard the rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me whisper : 44 Go on, Tom— go on," and never moved. I was watching something tbat no one in that house saw except mp'Eelf. There they stood, the living man Boville, end the ghost Melford, fighting. Suddenly, Mdford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I fainted and dropped on the stage. When I came round, it was to hear of a tragedy. They eaid that Boville advanced upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stood atQl as if transfixed. Boville'e face suddenly aaaamed a horror- stricken expression ; he threw up his arms and dropped — dead. Heart-disease, the doctors said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever tbe truth of the matter may be, and whatever was the nature of that strange secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the two men, I know beyond question that my plane as Borneo was &86umed for a by the spirit of Charles Melford in order that he might wreak his rdntrMtiM mi tliA man wttn lutA «h«4w<i4 him three weeks before. — Chamber's Journal, 