Gold-dust Darrell; OR The Wizard of the Itines. CHAPTER XVIII. OuoRlLLA ' ~1YSTERY-A PRETTY TIGRESS. In Placerville, the Dashwood pros. pects were looking up admirably, and it was rumoured that old Diego had offered to compromise for a heavy ' amount, but that his proposal had been-contemptuously refused. To add to Mr. Dashwood's exulta tion, some placers, which he had purchased at Red Diggings, soon after his arrival in San Francisco, were doing finely. The rush to that locality continued, and he con templated proceeding thither and leaving his Placerville affairs entirely in the hands of his lawyer. The old Don's bad temper was, of course, correspondingly increased. His self-willed and intractable grand child by no means served to modify it. She was continually sending messages to Orevillo, to see if there were not letters awaiting her there. As she scorned to give any satisfaction to her doting grandparent, he would some times vent his rage upon the grave and mysterious Cuchilla, who, how ever, seemed to be little in fear of him. One day, at last, he called her to him and questioned her severely. 'I know nothing,' said the old woman, gravely; ' perhaps the child has a lover in Oreville.' 'A lover! and what business has she with lovers? What are yea placed over here for ?' ' To take care of her here-I cannot be in another place at the same time. Why .do you not send to Oreville one of your rancheros to watch her ?' 'Per Dios! She bribes them all they will do anything for her, nothing for me.' "The old woman of the mountains re. mained silent. ' Oaramba!' cried the Don, working himself in a passion. 'Everything every one is against me. That ac cursed Americano is getting the best of me in his suit.; my own flesh and blood is against me; Glavet, upon whom I most depended, is a robber in the hills. One consolation remains to me, however. That Dashwood will relieve me of his presence when he goes to his mines at the Red Diggings.' 'Ha! His daughter goes not with him ?' The tone of the old woman was so unacaustomedly eager that he looked at her with surprise. 'Of course she will-at least she will if any agent of mine can persuade him to take her.' ' She is good-beautiful-and "yet you would send her to the neighbour hood of that robber-fiend, who once so nearly effected her abduction.' 'You mean Glavet?' said the old Don, laughing. ' Of course I would. He, or the foul fiend, may catch her, for what I care !' 'No fouler fiend than that man could seize her! Oh, man !' ex claimed the old woman, rising and stalking toward him with her hand upraised to heaven, 'have you no blackness in your own wild past that may deter you from such" a deed ? Think ! You had a daughter once.' •' Aye; but she is long since dead I' he exclaimed, unconsciously cowering under the gaunt, uplifted hand. ' Aye; but she may live again in another! And were that other thus inspired to speak, might she not tell secrets of the past that would make you quail ?' He frowned and bit his lip, but made no reply. 'Not only of her marriage do I speak,' continued the old woman, still speaking gravely *and evenly, but towering in her mien. 'Let that be told when the ghost of the murdered brands with bleody hand the still breathing murderer. You and her mother made her what she was ; but of that mother do I speak ! ' Woman ! woman ! how do you speak of her ?-what can you know of her ?' cried the old man, trembling.. * 'All!' ' 'Tis false! only one besides myself knew aught of my long, dead wife! 'Tis false !' ' Did I not say that the dead might live in another-in, say, a frienid,. a near, dear friend ?' 'Fiend! witch! who are you?' She tore open' her sleeve, and bared her arm to the shoulder. The .old man looked upon it but once. He then gave a cry, and fell senseless upon the floor. 'Ay,' muttered Ouchilla, readjust lug her sleeve, 'the dead, , the murdered shall yet speak through me!' Then, without regarding the pros trate form before her, she stalked out of the apartment, and out of the house. It was a warm and beautiful day, and she passed into the grove, and toward the river-bank, for thither ward she heard the wvild voice of Iuez in song. In a hammock that depended from two trees, just at the edge of the tur bid stream, which here had a strong current, the idle senorita was smoling. her cigarettes. ' Ah, Ouchilla ' she- cried, as the old woman slowly approached her. ',Is it not nrovoking ? fRafael, my last mes senger, has just returned from Ore. ville:Wirthout .a nword fiom that fool Clarence.' 'Perchance,7 my: child, the fool, as you call him, has gained some wie dom .' 'Caramba! not he!' the giri laughed scornfully, * He woulds sell his soul for thiv little finger of mine,; and with out t?e jewel that sparleds upon it Ana she hold up the. p'ettiesthitla finger in the' worl uon whichso handsome diamond twinkled like a drop of dew. ' You would have him sell more his honour 1' said the' grave woman, earnestly. ' You would niake him think that he has your love, that he may be the instrument of bringing another to your arms. Is it right, senorita ?' 'Right or wrong, I care nothing for either, so that I please myself!' laughed the bright, bad creature. 'But, Inez,' said the strange old woman, 'how know you that your passion is returned by the young man for whom you risk so much?' 'Do you think he can resist me* when he knows that my heart is his ?' asked the little beauty, turning up her glorious dark' eyes into the questioner's face. 'Ay, you have beauty enough, my child; but it is of a certain kind,' said the old woman. 'And, besides, the heart of the youth may be already given away.' 'Por Dies!' cried the wild creature, springing to her feet, her dark beauty agleam with the passion which seemed to belong to one much older, than herself; 'if -I so much as dreamed that he loved that baby faced Dora, I would plunge my poniard in her heart-ay, and in his, also !' 'Your words are those of passion, and therefore meaningless,' returned Ouchilla, calmly; ' but you cannot deny that they must once have loved each other. They were engaged to be wedded.' 'Yes, engaged to each other by others, not by each other,' cried Inez. ' The heart is seldom a part of such engagements. It never is. I know it-I swear it! There! But, hush! What was that ?' They both listened attentively, and caught the sound of a faint cry from up the stream. It came again, nearer and louder-a woman's cry. ''Tis someone in the river,' cried Inez. She had scarcely spoken when a form drifted by on the swift current. It was a woman's form, vobed in white, with her floating hair conceal ing her face and her bare arms waving as if still struggling with the waters. Inez was a creature of good im pulses, as well as of bad, and she had been accustomed to the water from her infancy. Before Ouchilla could check her, or, indeed, define her intention, she had flung aside her broad-brimmed hat, and plunged, like a fish, into the rushing wave. Like a very mermaid, she seemed [to glide half above, half beneath the surface, and in a few seconds she had 'clutched the long hair of the drowning woman. They were almost to the edge of the place where the river broke into foam ing, dangerous rapids, but Inez clutched an overhanging branch, and supported both herself and her burden until Ouchilla ran down the bank, and with her strong arms dragged them on shore. Inez laughed merrily over her bath, but the dripping form of the other was senseless. They laid her tenderly upon the grass, and Cuchilla drew the wet hair from the white, still face. As she did so, Ines started back with a little cry like that of a baffled tigress. Her face, before so bright and merry, was now convulsed with passionate hate and fury; her dagger was in her hand, and her eyes rested with a wild, baleful glare upon the poor, insensible form. ' Hold !' exclaimed Cuchilla, sternly clutching her . arm; 'someone ap. proaches.' ' OHAPTER XIX. THE INITIALS ON TIlE BREAST. Ouchilla tore the dagger from Inez's grasp, and concealed it, just as the approaching party was upon them. It consisted of ]t, Dashwood and the waiting.maid,. Maria, both pale with excitement. A number of the people of the. town also accompanied them.' 'Here she is! here she is!' cried the old man, springing forward, and kneeling beside the still insensible form of Dora. ' Oh, heaven ! is she dead ? No, thank God ! she breathes, she moves. Speak to me, speak to your poor old father, darling ! Maria was also kneeling beside her mistress, sobbing as if her heart would break; while the rough, but honest, men who had accompanied them stood a little apart, with respectful interest. 'Fear not, the young lady will live.' They looked up at the strange old woman who spoke, and also at Inez, who still stood near, with the dark and sullen mien marring her youthful beauty. ' Who saved her ? To whom am I indebted far the life of my child ?' ex. claimed Mr. Dashwood. Ouchilla pointed to Inez; but before another word could be spoken, she turned, and passed swiftly through the grove to her grandfather's house. Ouchilla followed her slowly, as though utterly unconscious of those around her. 'Neither of them appear to be specially rejoiced that the young lady is saved,; said a bystander. ' PerJaps they t?6k her for someone else.' They lifted her up tenderly, and bore her to her father's house. So interested Iwere nearly all the rude community in the life of their beauti ful countrywoman, that a number of mena waited respectfully outside the little garden-gate to learn her fate. *They waited a long time, over an hour, but at length Dashwood ap peared, with his face cleared and his eyes untroubled. ' How is the young lady, sir ?' ' She , is not dying ?-. ' Will she recover ?' .asked anumber of eager voices. ' Thank Heaven, she is doing well, my kind friends,' replied Mr. Dash wood, cheerfully. ' She has'even re covered so far as to give me a con fused account of the whole affair.' ' How was it ?' ' Did.ehe fall in the river?' ' Was she pushed from the bank ?' 'No, gentlemen,' said Dashwood, his face becoming dark and troubled. 'There has been another attempt to abduct my daughter. While gather ing wild flowers in the grove-impru dently going without attendance-two ruffians sprang upon her from a con cealed boat. They were masked, and she could not see the faces of either. She was dragged into the boat, and almost overpowered, when she tore herself from them, and, choosing death rather than their mercies, threw herself into the stream, whose curment bore her swiftly'beyond their reach. Oh, Heaven! this is the second at tempt to tear my poor innocent child from me. I cannot bear it-it makes me mad !' He leaned his head upon his hands, and his frame shook with the emotion that possessed him. Every beholder" was touched; and facesawere dark and lips compressed. ' By Heaven !' exclaimed one-with, however, a much more emphatic oath -' this has gone too far ! Where is the Vigilance Committee they boast so much of ? Aren't there enough pf honest men in Placerville. to wipe out these fiends, and pit a stopto this sort of thing;?' 'Cheer up,' said another, kindly placing his hand upon the old man's shoulder. ' We'll form ourselves into a guard hereafter, and look after your daughter.' ' But,' said another, ' who could these rascals have been ? We didn't see any signs of them on the river bank.' ' Let us look again,' said Mr. Dash wood, looking up with sudden energy. 'We may find traces of them yet.' ' They acquiesced with alacrity, and the entire party passed into the grove. They found some traces of the struggle, in the shape of trampled sod, but the river flowed as calmly and peacefully by its wooded bank as though nothing had occurred to dis turb its serenity. They wandered up and down, ex amining the bank closely, but without avail, until one of them suddenly paused. ' Listen!' said he; ' the current of water seems broken near here.' He heard a slight foaming and rippling, as if the current was forcing its way beneath, or over, some un usual obstable, and they forced their way through the thicket towards the spot indicated. ' Here is something !' cried the fore most, excitedly. 'By Jove! and something with a vengeance!' They crowded to his side, and stood still for a moment in silent awe. The bank at this point was high sully ten feet-and very precipitous. The tall stump of a tree had fallen into the stream, presenting a sort of natural breakwater that reached out in a diagonal down-stream direction. Tethered to the steep bank, and lying between it and the tree, was an oarless yawl, rocking uneasily upon the sluggish tide. But, lying partially in the boat and partially upon the log, there was the object which mostly struck horror to the beholders' heart. It was the dead body of a man, and the cause of his death was evident at a glance. He had probably hastily leaped from the high bank for the boat, missed his footing, and fallen face foremost on the log with such crushing force as to cause instant death. There was no evidence of a struggle having been made- he lay motionless, apparently just as he had fallen. (To be continued.) 