HOUSE OF RIJ1MON.1 5k hORYOP THE "BLACK COUXTRY".OP 60 SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. * - , By JEAKIE GWYNNE BETITANY, S Author of Au?T Saaca.'s TWO LEGACIES," E0. CHAPTER XLIL-(CoxNTIntDn). '"Milelc pardons, my good friend,"said the foreigner. "It is as dark as the grave, this country of yours. I am despair to find my way t lfr- Hackbeet's." \- ".The way isn't through me," responded :Mr. Rimpler irately, and imagining for some reason thathe ecognised the voice. '" What do you Sint. with Dr. Hackbit ? I belong to that h ".Well, I am come to Wolverhampton," re- 1 plied the foreigner confidentially, " to do some -c uring performances. 'They are. not ele vated people at all: they will not give up a room butL? must pay first;- and theprinter,he rahsn not printmy bills until I do first pay him. Is` this not' strange ? And I- am absolutely without the means to piy till I have performed. sam -without watch, and many other things, which Monsenur the pawnbroker s in possession oT, at the last place I am in; 'and' a fkiud:gen lemani to whom I explained my difficultyhas tbld'me you are agent' for a money-lendingy e p?impler thought, "Hackbit wouldn't be too liased to have his private address given," and b wondered who could have done it. - ." It would not matter so much," the, foreigner went on, "but I have an incum-u branee with me, in the shape of a woman who p isnolonger young and no longer pretty, who,. t like the cherubim in your Church prayers, v .continually doth cry "' and' he waited evi dently expecting pity on this point; but Mr. Rimpler only laughed. "I see you have never een a like 'situation or you' would not laugh It is no matter for laughter, I will b ma,'"reT ' all yen ve."abeq5'i0 r-WL7od-. - yoingetrid of the woman?" "I have already done so many times, but she tas a fine instinct, she.. She comes again; end so, it she were in her grave, she would come } ,ain, that woman." - . 6 Al right," said timpler; "you o up that Way,?? vaguely indicating, "and i' ollw yon.u- - If you have no objection, I wilt wait for t S. It is not inviting, that road. I have been everywhere, but never have I seen any thing likethis." ? "But 1 have an objection. You won't hurt yourself.- Foreigners are always so rash." He ;had picked up that word in the neighbour bood. '"If you do not object," said the foreigner, ry-ou w illbeso goodhs to lead me to a place of safety a little further on, where I will remain while you speak withkma'em'selle.' -:Eimpler.was furions. "Confound you," he said, "'what doyou mean?!' , -" Oh, I thought the ma'em'selle was waiting -or nome one by that piece of building." - a "It isn't for me, at all events," aidRimpler, tellingalie: . Oh then, f it is not for you, I will tell you, Ihave spoken with her, but she is no -.chcen; sh eI' S ~inper was thinking, "How could he have ond that out in the dark" and said so. - r-,- "There was nothing. of shyness in her \- manner," said the foreigner, "and I did gather .afrom otherindications- " - -RBimpler decided that Dorcas should wait it out that night, and went on with the foreigner :-to Hackbit's, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXIII.-A Cosmty vIt EF. " The little matter of business Monsieur Pelbois had to transact with Mr. Hackbit was arranged :actuallyin that gentleman's absence. Keziah had been up at her mother's all day, so Mr. ':Hackbit took the opportunity of looking over "all her belongings, imaginmg that he might discover some prepamrations for flight. But he w?s disappointed. He found nothing in -Keziah's orderly drawers and boxes but the 'most natural and ordinary things. Incon sistent as it must appear, he was angry at not finding what he had sought, and a resolve came into his mind, without-his being per- "fectly conscious of it.. -If peopl putthemselyes. in a frame of mind to do a thing, they:are' 'pretty sure to find an opportunity, and them= selves prepared to act. -Hackbit's opportunity .came this night. " ezi? h had returned in time for supper, which )ad been put off owing to Mr. Rimpler's and Mrm.- Hackbit's non-appearance. Sila and Monsieur Pelbois came in first, and remained in the office some time, the foreigner going +away before Hackbit's return. That gentle. man made a great noise in the entrance.hall when he did come, and to all appearance had been drinking again. He came in smiling, just as he always smiled when he was going *'to anythingremarkably offensive. : "Well, Rimpler," he said sarcastically, " I .hope yo?? n are enjoying my wife'sa saoety.. r Bimpler made no reply. Keziah bit her lip, and looked angry. s "You know the stock she comes of, \+ fimpler," he went on. " One of them, whose Scripture knowledge is groat, said something \- about notgathering figs from thistles. I wish SIhd thought of that when Imarried my wife. We're all fools till we learn. I took her fora saint. You know what she is, Rimpler. Did you ever see a man so infernally sold ?" K.eziah fixed her black eyes with wrathful intensity on Hackbit's face. " What do you want to goad me to do ?" said she. "Is there anything you are anxious to be goaded into doing" replied Hackbit, seating himself in a chair, and dtpping it up on the hind X+ziah looked as if about to quit the room, \- ut she changed her mind, and satdown. She would not have done so had she known what would follow. " Have you ever heard the story about my wife, Rimpler ?" went on Hackbit, insolently. She had a situation at Leamington, and managed to get over the medical man in at. 'tndanco at the house, who was subsequently "taken up on a charge of murder. She then laid her trapse for me, and here I am. Anyone might pity me.'' How dare you insult me so!" broke out Keziah. She left the room, followed by inso " 'Lentlaughter. She did not appear agaonthat night. A bed had been prepared for her pro S y. " in the spare room, smce the night she had \- in there on thebaie bedstead. -Hackbit went to bed rather early, for him. SBut Mr.-limpler had no notion of going to : beidr' Hehad seen Kezahafew days agople ':asheetof white paper undersome stones. He. . samied it: nothing was written on it. -He had sat in his room silently for a long :- ime, when he heard a creaking upon the stairs. SS.omebody was going down of course, it was '-.ziabh. He waited some time patiently; but ..-"1odid not se her appear outside. He thought " 't :it?iself, if she had gone to meet that fellow 'W54,.ekud M.,uhlahsu Elworthy, they must have gone round to -tho back of the b.Ik of the house; so he deter mined to go round and reconnoitre. The huse was quite still. He thought he might..venture to do it. " The landing window lay between the room whereKeziah was now sleeping and the night nursery. He thought, if they were in the gardenbehind, he should hear as well, as see frm thisposition. It was his habit when he went into a new house to try all the locks and all thewisidows, to learn if they had any. '_eculiarity of opening: and shutting. This he' always managed to do in' a natural manner.: Consequentlv, he had ascertained that the landing window would'open without.a sound, though his ownwouldnot. So he very quietly raised the window, and put his head out. He could see nothing, it was seo dark. But thena; hoe argued,; "If I can see nothing, the samedarknes renders me invisible to others, which is also something." Yes, there was some one moving below, and the aBound of low voices. :'' " .. \- 'lam afraid to stay in the asme hbuse with' him,'' heheard .IKeziahsay. "Yet'ifI freed myself; and went away from him,. then he and allie world would say it was to 'gi" to you, which I wouild never do, except as now." A low voice answered, "Is my reputation worth more to me than you are, Kizzy ? You must come to me, if you hays so much reason to fear. And why notP Theselaws aremen's laws, and not God's. You-are mine by right. .ghatdoes it matter, what people savy '"You. would goaway,Jar. from the" reach. of their voices. It could not matter to you then."' "If no one knew, I should know," was Keziah'a reply. "No, I will never do that. If I leave my husband's roof, you must promise me faithfully you will never see me or speak to me again." Shewasso earnest that she could not but promise. But he felt in his heart he had promised more than he could perform. In the battles of the soul it is a question of the right of the strongest; and love for Keziah, and desire to possess her, were stronger this time with poor Elworthy than any man-made laws. Silas, who had liard every word of this, felt .he had been having a very good time; and as they ceased talking, and appeared to separate, he slowly began to put down the window. But something happened that made him stop; suddenlyin the operation. Something appeared to fly at him, and was pouring down upon him.. Ile was taken so much unawares that he could not help crying out, whereupon he was seeizedhy the throat and hair, and shaken about as if heI had been apillow: after which he was flung upon the landing, and received the contents of a bucket, which nearly chocked him. He could do nothing but utter inarticulate sounds: Nor did the experience terminate as yet. - Suddenly he felt himself being dragged, in the darkness, along thelanding into his own room. Then' a voice for the first time' accosted him. It was Wilson's. "Take that fora lesson, you sneak ing eavesdropper," she said: " and tellanybody aboutitif you wishto"-this in a tone that. showed Silas plainly she was acute enoughto kn;ow he would say nothing about it. "' ' He dragged himself up from the floor after a moment or two, and struck'a match. His door was shut. He heard a wiping of something i going on outside, and concluded that Wilson" was wiping up the spilt' water. He lit his I candle, and remembered savagely that he had 9 been unable to utter a word or do anything, and wished he had the time over again.. ' Mr. Rimpler' slowly and with some" of his ordinary manner' advanced towards 'th' glass,a and looked at himself, which he continued to do forsome minutes.' His face had' assumed its normal -brick-wall expressioh. At length bhe began: "Item No. 1, cravat missing; item No.2, black mark onleft eye ; item No. 3, portions I I of hair missing ; item No. 4, shirt front torn out-as near as possible," he added ; "item No. 5, large lump on baik of heiad, can't see it;can. feel enough to make up for. that; item No. 0, a dreiadful feeling along the 'vertebra, from top to bottom, indescribable, can't see that either;, item No. 7, a larg" piece of cuticle missing" under black eye, will necessitate a' piece of plaister; item No. 8,'" he said,. as he began to takeoff his clothes, "every one of my things as wet as if I'd been swimming in them; itemNo. 9, can feel 'another lump coming out over the left' eye; item No. 10, an infernal headache. All this to be put oh paper." Mr. Rnimpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote down his list of items in his pocket book,. to be remembered against Wilson for _ver 'and whilehe'wrote, Wilson had cleared" awsi'"all nsneessi ana waslaa'axsousxy'witng for Keziah to come in. And now'that her h exertions were over, and that she had had the t pleasure she had longed for, -of 'giving it toa ' that limpler," a' feeling of depression came over her. hoe had heard Keziah's voice below. "qThen it is true," she thought, 'after all. " What a pity !" and she waited and watched for -Keziah's coming in. But Kezisah was at that moment being persuaded never to come in any more, and she was wavering. But she and Rupert had heard the cry, 'though they had not recognised the voice; and. they thought they had been discovered. Keziahhad clung desperately to Iupert's arm and he ld her firmly. " Come away, Kizzy, my dear love, while there is yet time. If you go he will murder you, now he has discovered. Wh should you throw yourself into the jaws of deathat ran dom, and ruin my life too, for such a villain as: he is ? What couldthe world say aainst you?. They know what he is.' Kizzy," he pleaded, " yon are so brave, and have 'dared so much. Come, dare the world's opinion, 'and go with' me - I' have plenty of money. I could get a practice abroad,easily. Think, let love decide, to whom do yonowe allegiance ? To thatman, who has done nothing to earn it; or to me, who am ready to do everything for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him can you not trust yourself to me? Think, Kizzy, all you have made me suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings' must have been, to come outof prison to find the one who should havebeen true to me, though all else had failed-to find you be longing to another? Do you not owe me any thing, Kizzy, for loving you so after all this? But you must decide now, this very moment. Someone will be here. You must decide between him and me." And not waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, down the garden path and out at'the gate. She had been scarcely conscious of anything but the strength of what be said, till now that she was moving away. She stopped with a new strength;' and loosed his arm from about her. " No," she said, "I can but die. I will go back. Hewill thinkall this evil against me. He shall never have reason. Since ~ have lost you, my self-respect is the only thing left to me; and would you, who say you love me, rob me of that ?" He 'didnot offerteitake holt of heragain. A streak of light was' beginnipg to be visible in the east, and the objects inithe garden.began to be defined. "' Oh " ekshe said, with a shudder, " it is growing daylight; another moment and it would be too late for me to go back." And'even while sheb spoke she fled away, and entered the house. - As shewent shi heard a great sob follow, and it wrung her heart. She hesitated one moment. " Is he worth this sacrifice," she said to herself, " of both our lives ?" But even while she thought, a voicewithin herbade her go back. She en tered the house. A tall figure intercepted her path It was Wilson. ' Oh, Miss' Kimy," she said, calinghr .by the old familiar' name in aheart-breken kiod of way, 'I wouldn't havebelieveditof you, Iwouldn't." - Keziah, in her old impetuous manner, flung her arms about Wilson, and cr'ed upon her shoulder. "Donot judge me so harshly." she said. "You would not if you knew all:" Wilson was unrelenting though crying; she was angry wit Keziah, and as yet had no com prehension of the case. "I know appearances are againotme, and I cannot make you believe in me. But I have done nothing so very wrong." " Oh, don't make light of it, miss. It can not be right, whicheverwayyou put it." "I know I ought not to have met him. I never shall meet him again." "It's too late to mend matters now," said oilson. "I'm not the only one ashasseen you to-night, and has heard elL". Do you mean my husband ?" asked t Keziah, faintly. " No," said?ilson, bitterly. "You might know who it is-that impler. And he will tell everything,and it will be just as bad." " Oh, Wilson, there's no pity for me in your tone. Do I not deserve some pity ?"' " You've been drove to it, I know. But that never counts for much.' The only thing as counte is that you've done it. And oh, that I should have lived to see this day !" "Shall I go and tell my husband all about it before Mr. Rimpler can go to him ?" said t Keziah, ina tone that might be used in a for lornhope. SWilvson hesitated. "No." at last she re plied,"'Ithinknot, miss. His angermight be so that he wouldn't know what he did to you, 0 if he heard, it from, yon." And Keriah felt that a stronghold of hur integrity had died; for she could not say to her husband, "'He never tried to persuade me to leave yon." Some g women mighthave said it, even if untrue: but K eziah could not. She feared this maust come out with the rest. She would not tell part of the truth, but the whole truth, if she must It speak. Andeven if' le did not speak, her F husband weold come tO her,shd she would havetoanswerhims.' . -' 7 While they talked,'the eFy .steIa tls sky had grown larger. Wilson started.' She noticedI ste could see Keziah now-the outline of her figure. "The servasts will be coming down," she said; "go to your room. It is a wonder I they are not'down before, but I have been- so staggerel, I had not thought of it." .-eziah fled up the staircase like a creature afraidof the. light, and Wilson went to Leonard, who was waking. It- was soon breakfast, time. Keziah had dressed herself nicely, why, she could hardly, havetold, for she.felt she was going to hear her sentence. . To her great surprise, on going to the break. faitroobm, for it was not Keziah to absent 'her self, Mr. Rimplor was there before her, and appeared calm, as if nothinghad happened. He had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keziah did not remember to have seen before, and which Mr. Rimpler blunderingly proceeded to neologise for, saying he had tumbled over i something in. his room in the dark; he did not I attempt to say what. Keziah felt he was telling her a lie and instinctively the idea came into her mind that he had had a tuasle with Wilson, and she smiled. Strange that humanbeings are so con. I stituted that, m the moments when they are 1 saddest and most sore pressed, the captive mind releases itself from bondage in spite of alloon trel, and catches eagerly at an opportunity forc mirth. So Keziah smiled in the depth of her trouble. " A few minutes later Mr. Hackbit came down. v He was much as uueal, rude and inattentive, a nd aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing 1I occurred, Was the storm about to blow over or was its breaking- only deferred? Could Wilson have been mistaken ibout Rimpler's having found her out? These questions puzzled Keziah extremely, and she could not help a thinking about them in spite of herself. t After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Rimpler made no attempt to have private communca-e tion with her husband, and she remarked this I to Wilson, and said that he might not know, or, if he did, he might not be going to tell. ' , "Have you ever seen a cat with- a mouse, miss?" was the answer. "She lets it run s about, and think itself free, because she can c put her foot on it when she likes." - SWell," said Keziah, wearily. "Only if it a is to come, I wish it would come quickly.' CHAPTER XLIV.-munn REvrsIs IJmrrEy. -1 . That morning, when it was nearly dinner- i time at the house of- Rimmon, Jubal and his I uncle David were coming across the Old- Park t from the station of Jumley. . "What a heathenish place this is!" Jubal t remarked to his "uncle, looking scornfully c around at the wretched tumble-down buildings, i the literally black road, and the great mounds c of "cinders, and- ;ominous- looking holes. ' 'Really, Ihad no idea it was halso bad as this.": . , . . "Ah, Jubal," said his uncle,, "we never can judge a place till we've another to compare it d with. -When I was a little lad, and used to f carr your grandfather's dinner ina basin tied a p.in a handikerchief, I shonld hae been ready to slay anyone ashad said Jumley' wasn't' the finest place ithe world. No, not that,' said- J David, blushing slightly. " I was always more h like running away than" slaying anybody. I But these mmes,"-he went on,' pointing with q his walking stick, "weren't worked out then, S lubai, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, I your tather, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby that died, we used to play. of a night, at hop. i scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, si and we used to run over the pit-banks untilit tl got dark. And you see that house over there, o Tubal?" he said, indicating the remains of one; j "many's the time I've seen your grandfather washing what he called ' the first coat' off, out- .t side that door. There was always a bench standing there-with a tub on it, ready for him. t Your.grandmother was a-very clean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place messed a up, she said, as soon as it was cleaned." "Well, uncle," rejoined Jubal, with a high h colour in hischeeks, "I mean no offence; but t, for our future comfort, it may benas well that I , should just say, that I am not particularly b proud of having had a grandfather who worked in a coal-pit; nor am l particularly in-. trested in detailed accountsof his methods of 1 performing a toilet;- nor of games played by my father and aunt Dorcas and you. And if I bring any fellows home with me, as you told h me may, I beg you will not mention this kind I ofthing. - Of course, I mean no offence. But a fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather, might not have been a.very good man;" his uncle in s lov w Tne. ?te was taking in with difficultywhat he was hearing, and he was wounded. Jubal went on "You see,however interesting these accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot t be interesting to outsiders." "But you- are not an outsider, Jubal," re plied his-uncle, in the same grieved tone. " '.Still, you see," went on Jubal, "I never I knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to notbolonging to him. And,"he added, tak ng out a cigar, and lighting it, at the same i time being very careful not o soil' his straw coloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and wasbordered by the whitest of white cuffs, "I can't say that I know a single member of the famnly that anyone would like to belong to ex- £ cept you." And Jubal glanced- through his long lashes; at his uncle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David Rimmon did- not care much for compliments, and did not 'see them' i readily. But-he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him- . . - "Well, Jubal, if I were you,' I wouldn't go - into your father's house smoking,- seeing he dislikes it so." - - " " Iwould do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not come here to palaver my 'father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'mpenitent, it shall boe a direct lie', he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it. And see. uncle," he said, point ing with his hand in which he held his lighted cigar for a moment, " as you are fond of re miniscenese,there is thenoble ediice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though he was, could take the impression of a tone as quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulons old woman, it was true - but David had-known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. He did'not put all this in words, but 'he said with a gentle dignity which became him "greatly-- . - " You asked me, Jubal, not to speak about your ?randfather; or-our childhood. I'nowbeg 'ofyou not to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew-I repeat it, never knew; for people are not themselves but someone else, when they are worn down bymany griefs." -" Oh, all right,- uncle," said Jubal.' " I didn't mean to curt you. It's all true what you S y. I was only joking either." 'That was just it," said David; " you were joking." They were now passing a ruined engine house; and Jubal, happeningto glance down, saw lying halt-hidden under a rusty wheel what apeared to be a bundle of parchment. He tooe it up, and put it into his pocket. " "A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away." " But yu have never examinedit. It might be some important document. I don't know howyon are to know, if yon don't examine The fact is that Tubal did know what it was, and did not wish his uncle to know-that is, he knew to a certain extent. He had re cognised his father's handwriting upon it ; that was enough for him. Yes; the knife hnad been to the grinder's, and had got -sharpened; but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own acount. Jubal, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he had picked up,- and -wishing to change his thoughts, remarked, "What an arwful me this road makee of one's beats and one's trousers ! ." "You can turn yourtrousers up," repliedhis uncle, lookingdown at Jobal's. "I turned mine up in thestation." "But you see," return Jubal, in a lordly fashion, " trouser-bottoms never sit well when the 'v bae n trned up. It quite spoils the This kind of talk was beyond -David's com prehension. But just as hehad always thought that Joshua knew better than he did, so now he thought that Jubal did, at least in mast thliags. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weakerone. A strong wind is propelling boat on a coarse which-threatens disaster.; surely the wind caii?tobet at fault ,' Why then trouble to alter the ails'?: The boat-mar b blownupon the rocks and smashedto atoms but what of that ? One must submit to thewil of Providence. - - : Jnbal pulled his coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. " -In the houses they had to pasms, people might be at the windows people he hald. known, and who had known .m- -whem he was shbby, and used to go about with a stoop.- B?0 .he used to 'a. marbles -Iwould ·?'r:bly . -?e Weli. they did; they shotuld see a gentleman, a feahionable man of the world, Jubal th6ught, who was riot ruined by his father'd disinheriting him, who was not coming home in sack cloth and ashes to' denote his repentance, but 'id as fashionable -a suit 'as the'hbest Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to W1e father's house to ask bread. Jubal went as a prihce conferring a favour by his presence. . 'The door was opened. Sarah, ho had not neen Jubat so long,?tould hardly keep her joy in' Shesei'ed him after the manner of the Black County people, not too gently. - " And oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's gerwer into," she exclaimed. "Bless his andsome face." It was not until she had exhausted as many epithets as she could think of, that she began to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. In fact, he' was considering whether she had been cooking, and might possibly grease his clothes. Be said- - ' Oh, so it'eyou, Sarah. How do you do ?" This without a smile, and in a very condescend. ing way: and he was about to paes her, when he turned back, and putting his hand in his pocket, took out half-a-crown. "L ere,'Sarah," e aid, superiorly. "you lent me half-a-crown once; here it in. I just remembered it." Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand-the hard. working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loving offices for those she eared for. - Jubal dropped the half-a-crown into her hand; taking great care not to touch her withhis glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarahrealise the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her head, and began to sob, whllehe gasped out " No, I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savmings for one shake of his hand." 'Jubal flushed, and drew off one of his tight fitting gloves. " Dear me," he said, " if it's a slake-hands you 'want, I don't object to shking hands ;" and he holdsout a hand white enotgh to have done a lady-credit,'but the girl would not take it. How many have had to f asffer a like disappointment: how few are prepared for it beforehand. Our brotheror our sister goes away from us for years, to come leck again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We I have said good-bye to that perapnforever. Yet those who stay at home think of the absent day andnight during the long years, and break their hearts when but a ghost of the lost one omies home. Jubal merely did as the world does: only Sarah had never thought out the f question. She knew that for. years she had 1 lightened his life'when he was at home and miserable, that she had during the past week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. Andnowhetrcated her like a stranger, and I did not even shake hands with her. 0 simple I Sarah! with your good heart, you have made I and hidden away in the nupboard an apple- r pasty for him; but his tastes have changed, he i does not care for apple-pasty now. Fitie de fole grs is more in his line. - You may as well I leave the pasty in the cupboard 'where it is, But people in the Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves. And Sarah's cry brought Miss Dorcas on the. scene, 1 resplendent in a green silk. " Whatever' this disturbanco about S" said i that lady., But her eyesfalling on hernoephew, I she was thunderstruckby his appearance. Could f this handsome figure that might have come-out of a gentleman's fashion-book be her nephew Subal ? It seemed impossible. " How d've do, aunt ?" saidJubal, extending the tipsof is flngers. -' "- ' " "I think you are too fine for such a house as this." she remarked somewhat cuttingly. "".We are not grand enough for such a fine gentle. I man.'" : - . "AL h," sid Jubal, with a mock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) " It is not so enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. You see," he said, hopinghisfather wassomewherewithinhearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust. But really aunt, you are behind the times down' here at Jumley ; green isn't' in fashion; you know, now-not in Manchester."' - This was very spiteful thrust, and it went f home. "You are very rude, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green 1 silk nevertheless. "I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you.: Well, David, esha said, .turning abruptly towards herbrother;' and a cool family .But whereow?°'?.?t'mmuu-- -?-?-? - Will it be believed she was within hearing, and 1 et did not come to speak to her son ? She was half-afraid. He did not seem to have received the others well; what would he think of her ? Jubal went into thedining-room, not deeing Iis mother in the dark passage leading into the kitchen. The table waslaid for dinner. Jubal looked at everything on the table, while his uncle and his father shook hands. Mr. Rimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to lis son, and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with his father; so there was no sort of greeting between them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger; and an occasion came. Jubal sat down on one of the chairs, and got up again directly, looking scornfully at it; " You don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet?" he said to his father; and that was all. Dinner must come in, and' Mrs. Rimmon knew she could delay no longer; so she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to fall. Jubal kissed her, and held' her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again.. "The farce has begun, has it ?" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. N'o," said Jubal, standing with hisearm round his mother's waist, "it has not. The farce will begin when the -minister comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving family before him." When Keziah entered the room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which she wore for hergrandmother, Jubal could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls were' the same as ever, but the features appeared to be changed; they were more pointed-a chainge due to thinness. She went first and kissed her uncle David. He pressed her hand encouragingly, and was much tenderer than ever in his manner towards her. Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, ad, leaning over, kissed his forehead. " Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Jubal, starting, " how frightfully cold your hps are !" e" Are they ? said Keziah, with a wan smile; and she took her place at the table, kissing her mother as shepsased her. 'Tliedoor was-e Qw. flung -pen, and 'mr. Hachbit swag;ered in, msid surveyed the scm yanywitha leer. '-He gave a general nod, eat awn anid placed his napkinracross his kneee. the table, " ydur valet has neglected you this 'morning. "Disyo know 'your toilet's rathoer Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at Jubal, and remarked with some asperity that he would rather wear no clothes at all than be dressed uplike a loll, as Jubal was. Dorcas was sitting next to him. " Your necktie's right under your ear," she said, "and. yo&ldook; aisI if you d been to bed in your clothes." "And you," retorted Haekbit, lobking eaiticelly at bn aunat and her get-np, "'you look as f you'd jsst come oset 'rom' 'iud er a glasseshade, youdo." ' "Oh, don't let us 'have any quarrelling," put in David. " What can be the use of that ?" After dinner, Jubal announced. his inten tion of taking a stroll. The mother would have liked to have begged him to remainwith her, bat how could she dictate to thin son who had grown into sucha gentleman P " Yes, show yourself to the inhabitants,' was Hackbit's comment. " You'll collect a crowd if you go out." "You'll collect a higger crowd than I shall, some day," retorted Jubal. " And really Hackbit," he staid, eying his brother-in-law with a good bit of merriment in his face, "I want to light a cigar, and I believe I could do itatyour nose.' Have you been acting the clown, and forgotten to wash your face I" 'Wittisti home-thrust he went out; and Keziah helpedto clear the table.. Mr. Rimpler was to come to tea. Heo had beeninvited to dinner, but had made an excuse. When tea.-time came he appeared. There wai' a 'marked coldness in Dorcas's manner of receiving Mr. Rimpler, which that gentleman could well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke 'on beud, and laughed to himself without' any evident reason several times in suceession ; and at eachlangh Dorcas ooloured.' Hewas, how. ever, scrupulous in his attention to her, and also eemed to take some interest in ·abal, whom' he had been led to suppose a very differentse~ of person. SCIAPTEii XLV.--Moa Bo-ran TAs Swear. When atlast the eveningwn over, and it wn time to go home, Mr.Rimpler offered to escort ,ieDorcas, which'seemed naietii enough; but no sooner had e made thepspoeel'thin Dorea said, spitefully, "' No, thank you, Mr. Eimpler, -em n chiakem and am-" hot t, altafrlaid "of emsni- iit OlPrk- myself-'at night." : Inl • ?. .:..:? ?.??: .. . ?..- ?.? , . -. . ·-. . ·.... walkedalongin silence for a considerable dis-' tance.. At last Miss Dorcas said, snappishly, "Are you going to speak, or not, Silas r" Mr. Rlumpler gave a snort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, "I don't remember the occasion on which I asked you to call me' Silas. i When I begin to call youi Dorcas; you'll have some excuse." - The unquenchable spirit of the spinster rose. "And if I did call you Silas, how many aliens" anteteasts would be glad to have somebody" to take them .by the hand and call them by' I their Christian name." " \- But I ha pe to be neither an alien or an I outcast Itell you once for all,'you moat drop' I " Oh, Silats,- " . Mr. Rimplerstopped in the pathway. "I t you don't drop it, rwon't go another inch with I you; so nowyou know. And another thing I r should like to refer to is your manner of making signs at me before people." "And you never tae any notice when I do,"' I interrupted Mirs Dorcas, "no matter how im portantitmay be." "And naver will notie. I tellyononce for all, lwon'thave it. Do you think I want all the world to believe we have a secret under standingtogether?' It was disgusting all the evening to see your eye fixed on me every time j I looked your way." ' " And this after the way youn left me in the Old. Prk last night 1" said Dorcse, growing t irate. ,n her turn. .They were on the same u ow. . " "" ".1 leave you here again if. you don't mind." "Then you'll leave all that I have to com municate to you." "I don't care ad--about your communi cation." "You know you do, or von wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. Well, at any rate, I got the papers you asked me to get out of Joshua's safe." - "Where are they ?" zesponded Silis, now l interested in a moment, and betrayed into showing it. He had not expected this., "Well,I waited here, till I was cold and I tired, last night, and I lost them; so there." c "You lost them," said Rimpler, horror struck. - "Yes, and I had them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have had them if it hadn't been for your going off with that foreigner. I heard you deny me to him, and laugh when he said that I was no chicken. Men are had enough for anything." But Silas hadnot been listening to her last I words. He was absorbed by the thought that the paperswere lost. At last he drew a long t breath, as if he had forgotten to breathe a few I moments, and was making up for it. "Well," he eaid," what a fool I have been." r Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was f not herself he was calling a fool. "I might know that a woman was sure to make an ass of herself in business," he added. This somewhat spoiled the soothing effect of the last sentence I he had uttered. They had now come to a standstill, both of; them. e "Now, I have a warning to give you," said u Silas. "It is for your own good, not mine. d You must be as silent as the grave upon this t business. Do not think of telling anything to I spiteme, ever; it would be no good. 'You've no proof of any kind against, me, remember; and the moment I hear of your doing anything, then I shall begin. And if I ever should, ron will wish you had never been born, mind that. Andfrom t1-night I've donewithyou; sodon't v get trying to see me or to speak to me. And' now we are parting, I'll say another thing to you, that I've been thinking all along:; and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd stop at, to get your-own, ends. You don't mind whom you betray. But you can't think t for the future that you've done it all in the I dark. I've seen my share of bad women; but I never came across a worse than you, in reality." Dorcas'- was literally thunderstruck.. She could make no reply. S:e could not believeshe t was hearing right. "And is this true, all that you are saying?" she said atlength. li "Yes,it is true," replied Rimpler. "Then." said she, witha tragic air, "I shall throw myself down one of these old mines." "Don't," said Rimpler, quietly. "It would be quite lost upon me. I should not try to get you out; and I should not go in mourninm for you." And Miss Dorcas did not fulfil her threat. "'"And I n really to" say "good-bye to you, Silas " said Dorcas pleintivety. "A.m I never "You'll hear my voice soon enough, if you interfere with my pusiness. And really I don't think I ever did ieet with such a humbug in my whole life. But I tell you, I can see through it; don't try it on with me." " Then I will go home to my desolate hearth," said MisaDorcas, still in a trgical vein. "Yes, do," said Rimpler. "You'd make any hefrth desolate ; and you'd turn any para dise into a howling wilderness."' " Very well," returned Dorcas, " I will leave you; and the day may comewhen I can do you a bad turn, and I shall do it, neveryoufear." "I don't fear," was Rimpler's reply, " hut I knew it before you told me." Yet Dorcas did not move off. ' , Look hers," said Rimpler; " if "you think by waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I.shall go not a step farther with you, and you can go home yourself.1 ' Dorcasmoved awaywith'great bitternessin her heart. But when she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly as weknow hemust-for themiiisng papecs. He scarcely expected to find anything in hi search: but he was very angry, and it smtedhis humour to be searching. 'Hle was not alone, though he'imagined him self to be so. Jubal had strolled after Rimpler and his aunt, on pretence of smoking,-but in re ality hoping to hear what terms they were on, and to find out anything detrimental to either of them. He heard the quarrel, which 'amused and gratified him. He also 'felt sure what the subject was. 'But if he had not been sure, his suspicion would have been confirmed by the search Mr. Rimpler'made under his eyes. Jubalidid not wait to see how this search ended. He preferred to get away while still unobserved. ' When he got home--that is. to his father's house-be found his mother in a violent state of agitation. "What is the matter, mother?" he asked. "Oh, Jubal,' somebody has robbed. -our father." "Do on mean broken into the' bank, motherlr "No, the safe, here, in the house.' He's nearly frantic." "Was it moneye" - "No ,_papers. . "Well;-they can't-tiatter much, unless they're bank notes," said Jubal . - -Jubal swaggered. into the .room. wherehis father was. "What is it you've lost ?" he said in an in. 'differenttonet :. 'cred - I o quot f. l ."Papers," red r. Rimmon, vuiforgetful for the moment that he and his son were enemies. S"I suppose they're notof much consequence," mid Jubal.' "They are of all consequence," cried his father. "' I tell you unless I cangain possession of those papers 1'm:'ruined-ruined-do you hear, Jubal ?--ruined." ""They mast be funny kinds of papers, I shouild think," said Jubal. \- 'Jb-,"saild.".Dxidwho wew aa awhite as his brother, " is this a time to talk like that?" " When were they stolen ?" Jubal asked his father. "To-day?" "Oh, no; I've had the key 'in my possession ' "'Lock picked, I suppose, then." "aNo, the lock has not been picked," said the father, despairingly. "L Then how do you acecunt for it?" "Yesterday I dropped my key accidentally; it must have been used by someone." "Well," said Jnbal with mock sympathy, "it isn't apleasant thing to have lost papers that coampromise you. You may never find out where they are; and it's like ~' swordhanag ing over your head by a hair, isn't it, father?" Every word stabbed Mr. Rimm?or.' Who knew their weight so welns he did? " Oh,"' he said, turning to his brother,, with a touch of very real feeling, " how I wish I'd stuck to my 'bank, David, and kept everything square." • "I wish thee hadst," replied David, falling into his dialect in his emotion. "Jubal," went on his father, with., such a real ring in his tone that 'bual. was startled, "1've not trained you well, heaven knows." "Earth knows it, too," put in Jubal. 'The father took no notice, but went on in a most solemn tone. "But you are youngn, and neednever come tobe what I m. Tou've often heard mequote Scripture, Jubal." "Too often,"' said Jobal. d Well, you shall hear some more, Jubal, thoulghit maybe the last, and it's the truest in all the .Bible. 'The way of tkansgresnorsa:is hard."' :. David was quite overcome, and hid his face in hish hands; Jnbal felt no kindlin'g- of sym pathy. -. . "fo'ttakeany notice of him, uncle," he said contutemptuesly; "he's onlymaking out." "• Makin uOnt!" criedthe dei man, swan agsontsed tone. "That is .likely, thatis! I Smeirit tosinse it aall right, nd to ire up:t othsk business." It was' the Set-'time. the ,"'othbe eiasa" had aver bhei'alhidud to between the brothers. "And now I've no e chance." . .I Half an hour later, when Joshua was alone, he bitterly regretted having exposed himself in this manner, and he would have regretted: it t still more had he known that the son before i whom he had committed himself had the miss- 1 ing.papere at that very moment in his posses- . sion, and gloried in it. Joshua had been a hard t tyrant to 3abal when Jubal was a boy, and I now that Jubal was independent of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of -fire on c his: father's head by returning good for evil. s Hadthis vieirof the ase been put to Jubal, r be would probably have said, so great was his i hatred to his fatler, that he would have pre- i fered to heap coals of fire under his father'e feetand burn him to ashes. The slave makes a t terrible slave-driver when his chance comes. 1 His master may have known limits; he knows none. So while Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow in an agony, for the time bemg,. of remorse, his son lay awake, too, for very joy. a He had got his father inhis power. - CHAPTER XLVI.-DEaTr BEFORE Ds The snow had been falling all the evening, I sometimes slightly, sometimes more thickly. i It was falling when the different companies t went home from the house of Bimmon; When Thomas iackbit and Keziah had got outside 1 the house, he said to her- You are a very fair actress, Keziah, but I canbeatyouinacting.' - - r. -" Keziah turned her face towards him in stinctively, though she could not see him, not to I miss what he should say next. "You have kept your eyes open very well, I considering you were up all last night. But i dod't you think I have, considering that I was I up, too? Should you like to know where I r was last night, Keziah ?" t "No," she replied in a stifled manner. t "But I shall tell you, whether you wish to i hear or not.. I passed the night m my own garden, Keziah." - - Keziah could not bear to have it broken - to her thus. She would do it herself, and have it t over the more quickly. The quiet tone in - which he was speaking filled -her with infinitef dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, t there was no help for it. " You may as well say it" at once; you saw us, and you heard everything." - "Yes," he echoed, "I saw you, and I" heard a everything." ' - "Then, Thomas," she' said, putting both of I her hands on his arm, and forcisg him to stop, "you heard me refuse to go. That is better t than anything I-could have-told-you, if you heard it." SThis seemed to lighten her load for-:the i moment. At least he had not to take her word t for it; he had heard her himself. - - t '' I'know," she went on with great fervour, t "how wrong I have been, I know it myself, if I you do not say it; bul at I least stopped short, " nd --," she continued beginnimg to: cry bitterly, "I was so miserable." : K..eziah had made a -mistake in using this last expression. Hackbit had been in love with her f in a certain way, perhaps was so still; and it s does not smooth a man's temper for his wife to t' tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been t 1' uto seeking the company of another man S.iuss he, forsooth, has made her miserable. at was therefore with additional bitterness that I he next spoke to her. .. " Don't try that on with me, Keziah," he said, shaking her -off. "Nothing you can say will alter my decision." n Then he had arrived at some decision, Keziah a thought, her heart failing her. She did-not u attempt to imagine what it could be; she knew b it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. o " It is not last night alone that you have met ' that man, Keziah. I know all about it, and I've determined that, come what may in con- v sequence-mark my words, came what may yru shall- never eater my house again." t The full sense of the words could hardly 't strike Keziah in a moment. Could he mean that she was to have no shelter that night that she was to be shut out of house and home, like some vile creature who deserved no better ? f As she made no reply, he asked her, "-Do you understand ?" - 'They had'walked on, and were now standing before their own house. - S"Youi cannot mean it," she said huskily. I "I -do meanit," he said. "Try to enter, a and I will throw you back with my own 1 hand." --. --- - - ----- "But you won't separate me from my baby ?" he said, with a sobin her voice. : - hoarse laugh. Keziah clung to him. "I do, I do," she cried. "Let me have-him, and I will go away without a word." 1 "And let him starve with you!" sneered Hackbit. "But no, you are not going to I starve," he added ;" you will know where to - go." - She would not notice this. "He shall not I starve; I would not let him starve." "And so you think I would let him eat that t man's bread?" said Hackbit sarcastically. " 'Oh, I can't make you believe me, if you I won't," said Keziah; "it would not be' that t man's bread; but he should not starve." " "-And inany, case," went on Hackbit, "do you think 1 should let my child starve?" "But you would let me starve." - "You are different, and yonknow where to " I'm his mother," pleaded I~eziah faintly. "We've talked enough," was the reply. "Away with you;" andhe pushed some money into her hamd, a few coins. She flung them from her, and the snow covered them. In a flash, it seemed, he was gone, and the door was shut, and she heard it barred. Excited to frenzy, she felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling against this sudden expulsion ;and -she stood and gazed, she could not have told how long, at the house. - At last she was consciops of someone approach ing her; It was Silas Rimpler. She moved -away, and hedid not see her. She heard him ring the bell. She heardthedoorunbolted. It was opened, and a flood of light shot across the snow-covered path. Should she make a sudden bhund, and be within that light and warmth, and beg him on her knees to let her remain with her baby ? No, it could be of no use; nothinicouldbeof any use now. - - The door was shut, and again she heard the bolts. Still she waited, till at last lights shone out from the -windows-of her husband's and Mr. Rimpler's bedrooms. Then these lights went out, and all was dark." The snow began to fall faster. Keziah felt she must do something for herself now. But the onlything that suggested itself was to goround to the back of the house, through t~le garden gate, and look for the night-nursery Tight. That was out.: \- "They believe I amstyiug at-mother's foi the night," she thought. "They little know I am shivering out here." \--What a grim satire it seeined, She was iitandingon the spst:where, last night, shehad listened, with so much hidden louging in her heart, to an appeal to leave the place. To nightshe could not enter again if she would. She passed out at the garden -ate again. She could not stay there, it was cear. Go to her father's she would not. No, she must walk on, -as far away as she could, before morning. She Swould wiite to her mother. But the roads were bad, and walking was difficult.. When once outside the gate, she had turned and thrown some kissed towards the windosw where She tiflle Leounrd was asleep. "At least he will not ill-treat the child," she thought; and that was something. . She had got a little housekeeping money in her pocket. She could go on a few days till she should get something to do. She trudged patiently along the road; which grew darker. She knew where she was going, and kept her direction; it was to Wolverhampton. She knewof a women there who kept a registry office for servants. She had got servants for her. - She would go to her. andget a temporary lodging while she could plan what to do. The woman had always seemed kind and pleasant; and this was the only person Kesah could think of that she would be willing to go to. SIt was a long, weary walk, and Keziah had notmademuch headray when she wasconscious of being followed. She stopped a moment and listened. ' \- 'o one was following her. Yet as soon as she began to walk again, she heardthefootsteps after her. Some -.,urnaes were lighting up the way ahead of her, now.- She must pas the glow; so must the one who was following her. It is a horrible feeling, that of being followed in the darkness, and only those who have experienced it can know how horrible. Along a Biack Country road this is especially true. There is a grimness about the road, the boundaries of which are sio often black mounds, or dark, stagnant waters. To be followed on sich a adis wors? than to be followed on a decent ihroid with inoffensive hedrese~i eitherside. Keiab felt this to the fall, in her excited con dition. Itwas onelorror mine. adedjto the rest Bealdes,atis?almostaneiesityfowaBlack Countr person born and bred to have some traceotf supirstition,so called; andididalarm Keziah all the more that the footsteps cased whesi she listened to-them. '- She waked on Seirvel,and waa f 5tnea andnernt reths • -igrht of the fosnni .a.[ut ahsi the eliioia?'<? the ~ rim n i d: it alssaot impmsebl- for~lsto her thefootateps. %he lnig to thehisi~t hatb she should see who it was when they both passed thelight of the foundrl. e. '.And now she herself was in the full glare, and her ears were deafened by the noise. A thought struck her. " Perhaps the thing that is following me may wait till I am out of sight before.passing;'- and she, who had often traversed the road before, knew by experience that there were miles of dark, deserted road lyon~ this one light. Opposite.the foundry was a.tumble-down cottage, one of many such, deserted and left to ruin when those who had occupied them had migrated.. She would hide herself a moment in this place, and perhaps .the thine that was followingher would pass before her eyes. . Once inside the cottage, she placed herself in the shadow near where a window had been, but where now not even a frame existed. She could see the road, and she-could see the foundry. She moved a little farther, for no particular reason, and something sprang upon her with an unearthly- sound. All sensation stoppedwithin her for a moment, and then her heart gave a great thump that nearly shook her. She-saw what had startled her, for it was, crossing the road now in the light. It was only. ahomeless cat that had sought. shelter from the inclement weather.-- Still, the fright had increased her nervousness greatly.-·rhe tried to keep her attention on the dark road, with a streakof light across it. But somehow her ga?zewas faseinated by the foundry, here the. night-workers moved hither and -thither in a terrible glow of light, being covered at timesby masses of sparks, and the n dragging out from between immense rollers long-lengtth of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without any apparent discretion, right among the crowd ofother workers, and laying them at the side of others to cool upon the ground. These silent - workers, for they were not talking to each other-how could they, for that matter, amidst the hubbub of hammers, the hissing of streams of water upon red-hot iron, and the roaring of the forges? They seemed to Keziah's excited mind almost like demons preparing for some evil deed. But now, as she looked, something obstructed the view. It was the figure of a man along the road. His face was turned towards the forge,and he seemed puzoled, and stood hesi tatrng. At last he walked across a black mound that separated the forge from the road, and went towards the great shed under which the men were working. He seemed to be speaking.: One man came out of the glare, and he held his -ear towards him, and- then shook hishead and went back. Keziah felt she must move on now, or be de tected. For. how did she know that. the stranger, whom she believed to be the person 1 who, had followed her, might not look next into the ruined cottage ? But no, she. could hot move away. He was crossing the- road, in the direct stream of light, and his -back was in the full light; his face -was in shadow. She put her hand against -some of the brickwork to steady herself,and it came down with a crash. The stranger paused, and then made his way tothe cottage. One of thobricks had fallen heavily upon-her foot. It was extremely.oaiuful.- Everything; seemed to be closing in. Tae figure - entered by 1 the docrway, and came quite near to her, -and then, in what seemed to her an unearthly.tone, spoke her name. - If she did not cry out, that did. not proceed from any great bravery cn her part;- it- was from inability. Who has not in a thunder storm waited with bated .breath for the next clap and flash? and. if on a· lonely stretch of moor, who has not trembled inwardly in such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, utter darkness ? Kezlah's life of the last few I hours was such a storm as this, and at - this moment her breath was bated for another crash, with possible direful consequences. Someone had said, Keziah," but the voice was oneshe did not know. - - . In what appeared ages afterwards, a hand . travelled towards her, and touched her. Then the same strange voice said, "Don't von know me ? I have come to take care of you." Then the bolt had-not descended upon her and struck her. This was her thought at first. But on its heels came another thought. The bolt had descended, and. had struck her. She knew who was speaking to her. - "How.dare you follow me?" she said. " How can youhave the cowardice ? And only last night you promised me you would never seeme again. -You have lied to me; you have lied to me !" she said bitterly, the tears chasing each.sother rapidly down her cheeks in the darkness. - " . . A groan was the only reply to this. for my reputation." - - " Oh, Keziah," cried her companionin heart broken tones; " to think you should ever use such words tome! You have misunderstood me, quite misunderstood me." . "I have understood you perfectly," returned Keziab. "Ifis you who have not understood me." And she tried to limp away. But the pain in her foot was so great, she was obliged to stop herself. "keziah, why won't you believe me? I said I had come to take care of you, as your father might, or your brother; that is my meaning." "Yes," she cried, passionately, "like my father and my brother ! you have well spoken. My father and my brother would ruin me for their own ends; so would you, or you would never have asked me to leave my husband's roof last night, and so get me turned out to night. Yet I was going away, praying for you, and forgivingyoue. But now vou have broken your word and followed me, to take advantage of my misery, what can I say to-you? If ever: there was a moment when you should have kept yourself far from me, it is now.": "Keziah, I would die for you." "Then why not do a small thing,- and keep away from me ?" "Keziah, that is a greater thing." - "Then be a man and do the-greater thing. I have done wrong, too," she said, weeuing afresh, " or I might never have come to this." "No, it was all my fault," said Rupert, gazing with despairing tenderness at her. "I deserve what has come," said Keziab. "Heaven knows, that is not true," replied Rupert. "It is I and only I, who have been to blame. Keziah, tell me what to do, and you shall see how I will obey you now." "Go back at once to Leamington, if you mean what you say; and show the world that I am not with you. That will be proving your love for me." "I will do it," he answered, with a sob. " But you will tell me where you are going? At least you will tell me that f" "No,"- said Keziah, sadly; "It is'right you should not know that either.' - "What harm could it be for yon to tell Imen where you are?" - "There would be harm."' "You have some money with you?" . "Yea I-have some money.lo .: . "- S"Ae will you take just a little from me? You may retud n it some day, if yolike." - "Do you not hnderstaind, 'i-osrioke out Kezlah Shotly; "that can-haien o pdeling with- yoiw of any kind? - bGo back at once;dyoumay even now have been seen following me." He took off a largescarf that was about his neck. 'Let me give you this, Keziam. You are but ill-clad." - "How can you!" she cried, despairingly. "Why so you make my way so diflicult? Would you have me found in possession of your scarf Where is your common sense" -" " Oh, God " cried Nupert, breakingD down utterly, and sobbing. "And am I, who love you so, not to be allowed to do the least thing for you, because a cursed villain hasrobbed you from meand ill-treated yeun' and shue hb door upon you "' "It can do no good to talkof that now," said Keziah. She was about to pass him. He caught her by the arm, still shaken with sobs, and would not let her pass. She tried to wrench herself free. (vo no: corovesorrn.) 