FRIDAYS PLAY. The Arnuf, dealing with the second day's ])lay, says:—*' The intercolonial match between victoria and South Australia was continued on the Melbourne Cricket Ground yesterday, and the interest in the match, in view of the fact that it was an off day, was well maintained, over 3,000 people being-present. The weather, unfortunately, was not nearly so good as on the previous day, and at one time it seemed likely that play would be stopped. However, there was only a few minutes' interruption to the play, and the rain that has so far fallen will not interfere with the wicket, l'he desire to sf-c one of the greatest, if not actually the greatest, batsmen in the world continue his innings had no doubt a good deal to do with the large and early attendance. Phillips and Trumble commenced the bowling, the first score- being a glance to leg by Giffen for 4 off Trumble's bowling. It was more than a figure of speech to say that the South Australians had knocked the corner off the ball, and after a couple of hits the umpires called for a new one. One of Trumble's got up almost level with Giffen's shoulder, but with an effort he scored from it. The play was slow, however, Hiscock being especially cautious. 1'hilli^ oace got very close to his wicket. Next over Hiscock touched one which rose slightly higher than ordinarily. He put it just clear of Bhvekham, but not of Trumble, and .short-slip took the catch, the figures on the board being 0—11—2S7. Noel was next in. and Phillips at once tried him with a fast yorker, which is his special weakness. It did not work tins time, however. Giffen cut Trumble over point's head, a strike which many English batsmen now adopt as the Iiest means of scoring from off-theory bowling, and in which T. C. O'Brien, the Middlesex bat, is especially successful. Twice in .succession Giffen hit Trumble hard to long-on, and with such power that there was little use in chasing the balL These strokes carried the score to 300, of which Giffen had made nearly half. Noel was batting in a fine confident fashion, but was unfortunate in not finding breaks in the field. In the particular part of the ground to which he drove them Bruce and Worrall were stationed. Bruce was, however, at once called upon to bowl in place of Trumble. In his first over Blaekham took a beauty on the leg side, and whipped off the bails, oae of those efforts which, if it got the wicket, would be considered little short of a marvel, but failing to get it is taken quite as a matter of course. Giffen got hold of Bruce, but not fairly, on the leg side, and, though the ball stopped a couple of feet short of the fence, they ran the 4. Phillips bowled some very good balls to Noel in the next couple of overs, but at last the batsman got one of his hard drives past the bowler, the most of his hits so far having been straight back along the wicket. With one placed to mid-on Giffen made his own score an even 150, and again there were cheers for him. He started to make it 200 by driving Bruce hard on the off for 4. Bruce was maintaining an old tradition. Having started to bowl wides on New Year's Day he kept on bowling them. At 322 Ross took the ball from Phillips. Noel cut one prettily in his first over for 3, and a little later he snicked one from the same bowler, which went to the fence for 4. Two wides in succession were called from Ross, and in this respect the match so far suggested one of the old-time games, save that off theories wc-re then unknown, and wides came from balls intended for the wicket. With the two bowlers now at the creases, both of whom put on the pace, the batting was decidedly slower, but Giffen placed Ross very prettily to square-leg for 3. Three more were for byes, and as many from a pretty leghit by Giffen. After this they went to lunch. The score then stood at 349, Giffen having 104 and Noel 18. On continuing play Houston kept the wickets instead of Blackhain, the bowlers being Phillips and McLeod. Both batsmen dropped heavily on to the first half-dozen from Phillips, and 7 were scored from the over. They were equally discourteous to McLeod, getting runs from almost every ball, and keeping them hard along the turf. Giffen again put Phillips beautifully to leg and back-cut him from the next ball, the rain in the meantime coming down smartly. They stood it for a time, but finally left, just as the rain ceased. In five overs since lunch time the batsmen had put on 17 runs. With the ball greasy scoring was a comparatively easy matter, and the runs went on steadily, both bats shaping welL For a second tipie the rain drove the players from the ground, very much to the disgust of the onlookers, who were themselves safely sheltered. At 3 o'clock Giffen had 182 and Noel 28, the total being 377. On continuing play Worrall took the ball in the place of McLeod, and runs were scored for a time by singles only, Noel playing them almost without exception forward. Giffen, after a spell, placed Phillips on the leg side for 3, a stroke he had managed time after time to bring off in the most perfect style. Indeed the absence of anything resembling a false stroke was one of the marked features of his innings. Worrall followed the example of his predecessors in giving variety to his bowling analysis with a wide. Noel for once in a way cut a ball, and though it was close to Morris itcainesoavvkwardly that he failed to stop it, and 4 were got. One of the few balls that Giffen had raised went out towards Bruce in. the long-field, but not near enough to him to be at all dangerous. Morris had a good chance at cover to run out Noel, but he misfielded at the first attempt, and the batsman got home all right. Noel showed admirable judgment now in placing his strokes, and without putting: any great force into it worked up his score by singles. Just before the 400 was due Blaekham tried another change, putting on Morris and spreading the field well out to the chains, but they got nothing to stop in his first over, which Giffen played carefully. Giffen. with his characteristic pat to leg brought the fourth hundred in view. lie only wautei a few to complete his second hundred, and was batting at this stage with much caution. It was noticeable that whenever there was any chance of a run out the return from the field was invariably to Giffen's end. Giffen got a nice one on the leg side, and made a mighty effort, but missed it, the spectators remarking " Oh with one impulse. Noel again varied his popular forward drive by back-cutting Worrall for 2, and the next bail went straight over the wicketkeeper's head for 4 byes. Noel was doing all the scoring, his next being anon drive at Worrall's expense for 3. Giffen stood a long time at 194. Worrall havinsr done his best, but failed, gave the ball to Trumble. Noel's batting improved vastly after he reached the thirties. It had been safe all through ; now it was both safe and free. Bruce was cheered for some fine fielding at deep cover, and then Trumble got his wide, a luxury which had fallen to most of the bowlers. At 410 Noel went forward to one from Morris and was bowled. Noel, in making his 49, never gave the ghost of a chance that would count as a defect against his innings, though Morris might have run him out. The value of the service he did is best shown in the fact that the partnership had put on 129 runs. After the 4 o'clock adjournment Evan came out to join Giffen. His stand at the wicket is very suitable for a picture, but does not look like free or forcible batting. Giffen hit Trumble out near the fence, Donahoo saving the fourth run. Evan, after shaping poorly at a couple from Morris, hit him to leg for 3. Still the play was rather dreary, Morris keeping a good length. Once Giffen nearly got his runs, but Blaekham just managed to reach an off drive and stop it. The very next the crack glanced to leg for 3 and completed his 200, a feat of course appropriately cheered. Having done this he opened bis shoulders at once and drove Trumble, of whose bowling he seemed particularly fond. He was cheered to the echo when he stepped forward and lifted Trumble right over the fence for 5 —a grand hit. In trying to force runs from Morris, however, he just saved his wicket by a lucky snick, and got a couple of runs into the bargain. A splendid hit to leg again roused the enthusiasm of the crowd, and it was clear that Giffen had now determined to make the most of his opportunities, as he scored from nearly every ball. As on the first day when Giffen showed a disposition to hit, Trott was again put on with slows. The change was successful, not in getting rid of Giffen, but of Evan, who was caught by Morris. The eighth wicket fell at 442, and Jarvis, a finely built young fellow, was next in, and opened like a hitter by driving Trott close up to the fence. Giffen also got on to a full pitch 011 the leg side. Trott bowled a nice tempting one to Giffen, but the batsman, instead of lifting it up into the clouds, as the bowler desired, waited and cut it like a flash for 4. Worrall stopped one of Jarvis's cuts in his best style. The next of Giffen's was a pretty drive for 4 over the bowler's head, and he seemed to like the left-hander almost as much as Trumble. The next he drove back into the bowler's wicket for the second time during his innings, and Jarvis followed his example with a dashing off-hit to the fence all along the grass. The crowd wanted to see Donahoo bowl, and bad no hesitation in telling Blaekham so, but the Victorian captain had his own ideas of managing a team, and tried Ross, whose second, a fast one, was finely taken by Houston, although wide on the leg-side. Ross was erratic and the crowd sarcastic. When Phillips was brought back the " barracliers" affected to believe that the Victorian captain was favouring his own club, and called, "'Go in Melbourne." Melbourne did go in, for Phillips's seeond ball was hit hard into Blackham's hands at mid-off, and the catch was held. Giffen was finally out for 237, the grandest, but not the biggest, innings lie has ever played. Iu all he got nearly 100 runs from boundary hits, 23 of tliem being fours and one live. To say where he was strongest would be difficult, for lie played in this innings all round the .vicket. If one of his strokes was more perfect than another it was the admirable leg glance by which he scored so many of his rims. The only chance he gave was that to Houston when lie had_scored 63, the missing of which cost the Victorians 190 runs. Giffen played a masterly game, and what recent Australian Elevens have lost through being without his help was plainly realized by those who saw him bat yesterday. Not 111 Adelaide could his fine innings have been more generously recognised than it was yesterday on the 3>LC.C. Ground,, the Victorians joining in the applause. Giffen pJayed not only all strokes, but his batting at times was in such marked contrast to other periods that it was difficult to believe the same man had the bat. Nothing could be more resolutely patient than his long waiting between ISO and 260, and nothing ^ouid then tem]?i him mto trying to score from a doubtful ball, but immediately the I'un came u}», without being reckless, he played the forcing game. The board when he lc-ft showed 9—237—171. Ross was not persevered with as a bowler, and Worrall took his place, Jarvis lifting one v.-liieh hefailedtoget fflirholdof out into the long field. In Phillips's next over he hit a ball hard to Blaekham. and the M.C'.G. pair worked the trick r.gain, thy; opinions of the crowd notwithstanding, foi; the Victorian wk- ketkeoper held the catch. This is, without doubt, the finest innings ever played by a South Australian eleven, and effectually disposes of the idea that the colony is now anything inferior in the cricket-field to Victoria or New South Wales. The fielding of the Victorians all through this long innings was admirable. Of the bowling averages, the less said the better, but it was not a bowler's wicket. Phillips's figures, however, stand out in marked contrast to the others, and 0 wickets for 91 runs off 334 bails bowled, must, in an inninsrs of 472, be considered a first-rate performance. The Victorians started their innings with Bruce and Houston to the bowling of F. Jarvis and Giffen. Jarvis is a fast bowler, with a good swinging delivery, very much after the .style of the Yorkshireman Ulyett. Before a run was scored the wicket should have been got, as Bruse hit the last of an over from Giffen to the off, and Evan got the ball in his hands but failed to keep it. The only difficulty in the catch was that he had to reach some distance for it. Jarvis appealed for a catch at the wickets off Houston, and got it from the crowd but not the umpire. Bruce dropped on to a fast ball of Jarvis's and cut it sauare to the fence, driving the next a bit further forward for another 4. The third he just snicked, again for 4, saving his wicket, and the fourth he placed to leg for a couple, making fourteen off fcur balls. Houston tried to put one from Giffen under his leg, but missed it, and Giffen appealed for Lb. w.. but did not get it. When 25 had been scored Lyons went on in place of Jarvis. A sharp cut by Houston got past Gooden, and a couple were run, a halfdozen being scored from Lyans's first over. Bruce agaiust lifted one from Giffen, but found exactly the right spot between two fieldsmen, so that neither was quite able to reach it. He hit Lyons to long-leg, and as all the fieldsmen were to the off they were able to run 5 for it. Houstou also played Lyons very prettily to leg by a light glance, and already they had got 40 up. After another appeal for Lb.w., Houston put Giffen to leg in exactly the same style, and repeated the stroke, which is a perfect one, towards the close of the over. This finished the play for the day, the two Victorians having made the game very merry while they were together. D 