GOLDEN LAMP. 5 < CHATT8R X,— 'ME. tjiBELESroBsHEiD. . tlie usigHbonfhoodof Siahopa&te; Vntliout, \- 68paiated from toat noisy street bv rroirlftaeof lofty warehouses, stands an isnuare. Toss sr. usre, which Is mostly coas- ol 6&s; mansions, was once the very V-«re cf fashion. Here was to be found the terf" _.i Vo.na nf morn than one arighvr;»ti» Vmiir; it wa here that the Countess o£ Devon- IvSe-Uosje two hundred years ago— lived and VfT. It was here, as we are told by Stow, the itf-fcf old chroniclers, that 4 1 Jasper Fisher, free J! Goldsmiths, late one of thesis clerks of the Chsuaceii« aud a justice of the peace," built V . a uuuiticent residence, fie laid v t lus "rounds in regal style with pleasnre- crdensa-d bowliag alleys, for his guests to render in ana listen to the songs of birds ; ereo '4 tiio Queen's Majesty Elizabeth did J»ica there.' No wonder, then, that ciowdscf ivnoluii and cane to visit Jasper Vislier- hospitality and extravagance iuaht also be compared to that of au lUstera tats ; a cjlif could scarcely have been Tii'ye ostentatious. But 44 Fisher''' — so the ct-jr roes on— 44 being a maa of no great call- :/r "possessions, or wealth, and being indebted ).qInyT'? was unable for auy length of lime tjke:p uo so large aud sumptuous an estab- i.'jhuieat. " He rotirad once mere into private »->T; the pbco gradually tell iuto wreck and raiu: so it came to be called "Fisher's Fciiy." One autumn evening, seme years ago, a vcuns; man entered the precincts of Fisher's Voilvand looked keenlv about him. At that t»je i lie j'l.ice was the home of merchants, trbo had tbeir eeuuttog-liouses on the ground floor. The man had the appearance of one ho had recently landed from a loug voyage: he wore a rough overcoat and waterproof hat : ar.u his fresh complexion and bright eyes spoko . cicouentiV ci atift breezes on a briny sea. His fareexnrwsci as he glanced about something ; ore than mere idle curiosity. " I thought I j should have remembered the old house." ho ' outtered to himself ; " bat I was only a lad, acd ono house was the same as another in these davs. I didn't knew then what I know now," cs'l he waiked round the square, peering go at the doors and windows and down i-%.o the great areas, dismal and de serted. and tacci by rusty iron rails. Pre- ssatif ho stopped opposite a corner house. It was ihe largest in the square ; it had two windows on each side of Its massive door, and lire windows on ' be stories above. In the roof was a low smoking chimney; and in the dsepeuiag sh'-vai th:3 chimney, with a round sne: window o e-icb ride, had the appearauce o; a ehap'-'hss uionster, as it seemed to the vrcrg man. s'aving down over the parapet vrben he looked up. As he was c»l the point of turning away, though the iron' doer of this mansion stood inviting! v open, 3 gleam of light in the windows overhead attracted his attention. He stepped hack, aud steed in ibe roadway with an eager expression on his cnUf;ed face. The light eared swiftly abwt, glimmered dimly in the Are windows, and presently became concea- ; (rated m the cue above the fi out door. In the Le w of this middle wiudow. inside the room, j stood a lane teup — unlighted. This lamp, rslse! upo'i a pedestal, was peculiar. It had the appearance o: n lantern suspended under a giMei doiae, the dome being supported by foliated pillais. The whole ornament, as far as c:al<i be seen at that distance, was a remark able piei-e of workmanship. And while the vcimg man stood there looking up, as if the isopVerc o: exceptional interest to him, the figure of «i girl become apparent. The girl, carrying a taper in bar hand, stopped before tfceiamp. The lasteic was soon Jit: and the brightness from it fell upon her face. It was a vision of beauty — an exquisite apparition of loveliness, upon which the limp threw a pale sfibdusd light; and then an arm was stretched out, the curtain drawn sense the window; and the lamp and the lovely face had vanished The rccug man now went up the step?, and found him self in a large hall, with a broad cakeu etrircase beyond. Upon a door on one side of this ball was written in white letters epen a dark panel. ' Girdlcstone, Carter, and Co." After a moment's hesitation and a glance up the staircase, as though another glimpse of toe enchanting face were possible, feejopened this door aud found himself in a dingy old counting-hoc 3e, where the clerkB, five or six in number, were seated on high stools, as if to get light, when any came that war, from the birred and dusty windows behind them. They c'l looked up when the visitor came in, like so many automatons, and then looked clown again. Is Mr. Carter within A clerk came forward. 44 What name?" "John Westcott.'' The clerk opened a door on which was in scribed, "Mr, Girdiestone"' in faded letters. Ths room into which be stepped was in dark ness. bat the clerk lighted two antique candle stick on the high mantelshelf. He then placed ,, & chair ior John Westcott and disappeared. Westcott's expression of curiosity increased. The room had a mrgterious and neglected ap pearance ; thrre were many signs of its not " bavin;: b?jn occupied of late. The desk was covered with dust, aud dusty cobwebs hung in th? c-rncrs of the walls aud across the c sinks in the closed shutters, as though ercn the spiders Lad forsaken the place. A :ew sheets cf paper lying upon the ««5 were as yellow as old parefc- ceafr and the ink in a pewter inkstand had evidently dried uu long ago, with a tip of a qa:U pen sticking t here, as if the hand that had dipped il had ended the records of a life and had vanished. Jc'hn Wesicoft sat down in the chair — probably Mr. Girdlestone's — facing the old cede. His eyes wandered searchingly into the deep piion-ho!e3 and over the brass-handled crairers, quaintly designed with the heads cf fiifyrs. Saddeuly he glanced up. Au antique p.ciurc— the porlraitof an old man — faced him ; w3 hnuging over the mantel-shelf between ihe two candies; and the eyes seemed iobimto express extraordinary cupidity. "VJestcott ttovfol from the desk, lifted oue of the candles ircai the taonle'.-sUelf. and. shading it with his he portrait with acute interest. " ies,-' sn:d he. in ah undertone, "it Is the face f reniembsr. There is a look of insatiable greed in Ui55c searching eyes — in the hollow cheeks 1 wr.nhle'l mouth. .And what expressive hands I Whv. ves, they seem to be graspmir ixagmnry-oid:- \\\h:le he still stood gazing at this painting, ss u unable to take his eyes from it, the door ke clerk requested him to " step t«:s w.«v." The room which he now entered ujl a cacerful appearance. It was well lighted, acu a bright jirc was burning in the b«;>rjb. t pon the rug. with his back to the fire, stood a flvXPwha: careworn -looking man of about farty-iiyeoriiitT. IIsBtepped forward, how- r'-aut sinileon his face, and held u . La7id to the visitor. |WeH. Jo"fin.,y said he iu a cordial tone, 'so you made up your mind at last to t5 You have done well, I am delighted to 6ee yon. . t- 3 has happened? I have been Ptthugmy braju ever since your letter came ; oi - Westcott'— as I could not iie.p fiaylDg to Marian — 4 ha? got some surprise iq store for us. And Marian was somewhat c: my opimoE.'" h a ?igo of pmbarrassmentcrossedVestcott's _ a? oc orew a chair towards The hearth, it Mr. Carter, for that gentleman had o?at dcwii to stir the fire into a brighter blaze, j» to give a more cheerful appearance to a syrueuiijc, cad at the same time to hide the r.iv ne hi which he spoke. The _rj;r ,ut evidently one of those men who, i - vjnff unpleasant duty to perform, nx3l . a t0 OTer agreeably as possible. after a quick glance about H'iiI,:oras reriving his memory, as he had "e s lUare and Mr. Girdles tone's ofiice rT'u' fsrked: "So it seems strange to »-I "- Carter, that I should carp to revisit «.' Usch's old home?" (i - 1 jee" docs,' replied Mr. Garter frankly. : urti11 long ago, that no possible induce yon to return. there ts» l <' u.130e than one strong reason, dozing ! j> t, G'teen yeiis, why shooldvoa come luck? st you care al! the whfle remained abroad." t£.r!tllr.?oreP-v> Mr. Outer weotoo. "Was i proapeti of a partnership?" said .Did not ilr. Girdiestone, as ere wrote and r.,' ,you; sc«a to aet his heart upon having a 111 QaL' f That did not bring you wen a juoEession." replied Ifr.j f i " ?'veli tho certainty of inheritmg a t..( "ue working at the desk could not rS„umtc!0tul'fr<m mxTm 1 hlli a ' .'r' Carter, hslf apologetically, asr ougu! not, you will say, to express 3abie=t. Your refusST to Mr I-- al . ,usihcfis led to my promotion, join the e3Piirij¥ of Belling yon to v«« nl ; toode me a junior partner. But cue n?t ancther reason, a far vriJitier tKjL T5a Vlilt to England a year uo? And lw£d y<5? away." 5&. -Carter (i Ke-I as spoke, reproachfully now. ni;-in,"' said Westcott. steadying his i;\\-„ £: e tunc at ray uuete'E death." : (ru received iny letter?" hft ' at Ma,ira. You told me that he had fcoirw lPcrty— except your share in the. jcur daughter Marion. ' Irig she,' as I ucdexstand, who is now the senior partner in the eld house. \- .A dt- anQfi passed over the merchant's ®co» ds.eliadcensared'theyTnmg man bo -fBr as, tn Ins npiniDa, bis conduct merited renroot and on , that print- bis conscience wet set at rsst. . Ycb; Marian is Benlor partner. That is the position, John," said lie. 4Iain "Junior still." For some moments Westcott pondered deeply. "Mr. Carter," he presently said, "I have no wish, as you must know, to dispute any uncle's will. He mode me a generous offer, and I refused. Had I fallen in with his views, instead of opposing them, I should have been made his heir." " Unquestionably," said Mr. Carter. ".Fifteen years ago," continued \Vc3lc0tt, "I was very young. I had no judgment: I was ail activity and impulse. But I have now — at least I hope so— arrived at years of dis- creticc. Iam thirty- two, and should like to settle down in life. ITill you help me Mr. Carters face grew thoughtful. "Don't misunderstand me," Westcott went on. " I will begin, as you did, at the foot of the ladder." Tho merchant appeared surprised. " Would you accept a clerkship," eaid he, "in jour uncle's old house?" 44 Why not? I wish to be guided entire! v by you. I cannot ask yon to make me a partner," said Westcott with a slight smile. 44 1 have little cr no means. Though I ought to tell you,'1 he added, somewhat mysteriously, " I am not without expectations." Air. Carter reflected a moment, then he paid : 44 1 should indeed be ungrateful, John, if I refused to help you. .Mr. Girdlcstone was a true friend to me. _ And if I appear to hesi tate," he added, 44 it is because 1 «Tni thinking of you, not of myself. I will briefly explain my meaning." He Bested himself opposite his visitor, and the careworn look, which W eatcott had noticed when he came in, ap peared to increase. 44 You must know, John, tuat your uncle was a great financier— how great I did not realise until taken into partnership. I sometimes doubt if 1 fully appreciated his genius even then. 7h» nmnnwt nf rupftnl in the business was amazingly small. But such confi dence was placed in Mr. Girdiestone as a financier, that bad he drawn bJls to the extent of a hundred thousand pounds he would have had no difficulty in getting them accepted." After a short pause Mr. Carter fflntinnwi " When Mr. Girdiestone died, as yon may imagine, the position was altered. With small capital and greatly diminished credit, I have had to sustain the reputation of an old- established City house. X have been doing my best ; you will not doubt that. But I do not profess to have a talent for finance like my late partner. What has boen the result? For a whole year I have been at my wit's end how to save the firm. It has been a hard struggle: affairs have gone from bad to worse. You have appeared, John, at a most trying moment. Had you arrived a few weeks later, you would probably have found the old place locked up and in the hands of creditors. How, under these circumstances I help you r John Westcott rcsa from his chair. There was a look of energy in his face. . 44 Who knows of this r 44 No one,' replied Mr. Carter, " except Marian." t Westcott reflected a moment. 44 What sua is required to save the house r" 4 4 Twelve thousand pounds." The young man answered: 4:I scarcely posse S3 that number of shillings. But some thing — though one must not be too sanguine— something may be done." Mr. Carter appeared lost in thought. His face expressed deep despondency. It was mot merely the dread of losing the position h$ had gained. _ through dose attention to busi ness: it seemed to him that if tha house 1 failed — as it could never have done, tn his cpiniou, while his old partner was alive — the catastrophe wonid throw a blot on Mr. Girdlestone's memory. Mr. Girdle- stoue had chosen him ss a trustworthy and com petent person, one moat capable of upholding the traditions of the firm alter his dftf+h. But independent of that, as Mr. Carter could not hide from himself, his flimghfrAr would suffer; if failure came she would participate in the calamity. The gloomy prospect was almost overmastering. And now John Westcottt, Mr. Girdlestone's one surviving relative, had come unexpectedly upon the scene— had come as if to remind him, at the eleventh hour, of his serious responsibility. As Westcott stepped towards the door, Carter recovered himyelf and said : 44 Yon will be oar guest? A room shall be prepared for you — your old room. Where ehall I send to ior your luggage r" "I left it in a coach, at the entrance to the square." The merchant hastened out to give the necessary instructions. When he returned, Westcott was standing with his hand on Mr, Girdlestone's door, a side door communicating with Air. Carter's zoom. 4 May I tela another glance," said the'young man, 44 at that portrait of my uncle? It struck me as being a remark able work of art." 44 By all means," said Mr. Carter. 44 It is by a great master. Will you excuse me!" he added, seating himself at his writing-table. 44 1 have a number of matters to eee about. We dine at 7 o'clock." .Thecaadlsa in Mr. Girdlestone's room are still burning. Westcott takes up ozie of them and again looks intently at the portrait of his old uncle. 44 It is your secret"— and his eyes still rest upon the picture — 44 1 will use it/ as. yon would have wished me to do, to save the house. He puts the candle on the bureau ; and again he sits down in the chair facing the desk. He does not hesitate now. fie places his hand into an apparently empty pigeon-hole, and the inner wall falls open. Xn a moment he has drawn forth an oblong paper. He glances rapidly at the inscription. It is the 44 Last Will and Testament of Jeremiah Girdiestone of Fisher's Folly.' And at the foot of the docu ment, in a quaint handwriting, John Westcott reads the following significant words: 44 For the key to the secret strong-zoom, wherein will be found fifty bags of hard cash, look behind the Golden Lamp." CHAPTER II.— Mn. GXEDIISTOICE'S MOXEY. The room with the five windows, in the centre one of which stood the Golden Lamp, was an old dlning-ball. The caken walls were hong with Urge and valuable paintings; and from the centre of the ceiling was suspended a great chandelier. At one end of this room a fire was ' burning in the open chimney ; andueartherug, in front of the fire, was placed a round dining- table, laid for three. Leaning over this table, to arrange some exotic flowers in a centre vase, wob the beautiful lamplighter who load attracted John W estcott's attention an hoar ago. No antique room, with so lovely a figure placed there, would have fetter represented a former century; a period, one might say, in which Fisher's Folly was the abode of beauty aud fashion. Tho girl was plainly dressed ; the fair hair was drawn back from the broad fore- head into a Grecian knot, and the dark velvet robe fitted closely to the tall and slender form. Her face wa3 undeniably handsome ; but there was something more than mere beauty in the large brown eyes and resolute mouth; each feature expressed that quick intelligence which awakens confidence. It was the f&oe; of a woman with character — a woman fikety to exhibit resource in a. difficult wtnafarrn pgchl' was Marian Cartel. -the head partnerin the old house. Having touched the flowers softly with her long expressive fingers— a touch of the butterfly's wing in tenderness — she turned away and moved through folding- doors into an adjoining room. It was a small mom, but with panelled walls of dark oak, like the dining-hall. In an armchair near the fire eat Mr. Carter ; with his head resting on his hand. His face was more troubled in expression ; since his in- 1 terview with Westcott he appealed to have even more folly realised the magnitude of the calamity which ' was pending. As Marian approachod him, however, he made a strong effort to overcome his depression. 44 Is all ready, Marian?' said he, with cheer fulness in bis tone. ' 44 Everything." 44 Is the lamp lighted ?" 44 Why, father, do you think I would neglect that? Would it not be too thoughtless," said she laoghiugly, 44 on an occasion like this?" As TTarian nested herself beside him, her father said:— "How strange that John West cott should have retained to-night." 44 It is strange," said "the -gin with smile. 44 And what is still steapger/' she added, with a slight blusb, 44 some one— think it must have been Mr. Westcott — was standing below the. window when X lit the lamp. Is he likely to prove a friend Fv - 44 Ah! I was wondering," said Mr. Carter. "He has the character of bring an excellent and shrewd young fellow. But I fear," he went on, 44 that oven if he had Ma uncle'e financial genius, he would find it no easy matter to'— — He stopped abruptly ; foratthh moment West- co tt came m. - The change in his appearance, now that the tough costume was gone wes re mailable. Mr. Carter scarcely recognised him ; there was little of the Bailor even In liis face, wtil in Ms manner. He had sll-tha etyle of a refinedgentlexnazi. The merchant rose from hia chair and formally presented trim. Had she seen' Mm, thought Wbsfiboty,- when standing -in the square -below 4be:..vrihdowa? There was something In her lookj something. in , her very attitude towards Mm wMchmiade&im; , doubt if ire was an emfire ttrangeri - He "bSff . - v « . .r „ . recognised her ; and lie had conH>drrwif!fc 1 in CQMiamhft» -With -the JDRrchmt, 4hi beautiful'" virioiT'araie T3oIdeaTamhcbuia ! berrobtitorCbah Marian Carter. -Brit fib had" no tune for mote' fhsm ftqi passing rdhdutB: The dinner was announced ; the xolding-doora were thrown open, add they passed through and took theib seats at the table. , % - _The first object that attracted Westcott's glance was the old lamp. Marian's look fol-; lowed his. She smilingly asked "him 44 Do you remember it?" "No; I had forgotten the house," said be. 44 1 was seldom here." "Ah It W strange you should have for gotten that lamp," said Marian " So I am thinang," Westcott replied. 44 The workmanship is exquisite. But," he added, "is it not a lantern F" "H can be used as snch. It is called the Golden Lamp. It was called so long before I was born. It belonged, as yon may have guessed, to Mr. Girdiestone. He used to call it mine. It has stood where it new stands, I believe, dor nearly a hundred years. But the lantern," said the girl, 44 can eatily be detached ; it hangs from a hook, as you see, under the dome. I have forbidden anyone to touch :t. I trim and light it myself all the year round.' 41 No wonder," replied "VFestcott gallant'", 44 that it burns so brightly." 44 Not for the world," Marian west en, <, would I miss doing bo. It is to me a sacred duty." . Westcott could not suppress a smile. 44 What reason can you have, fifes Carter," said he, 44 for being such a conscientious lamplighter?" ; Marian looked serious. 44 It was Mr. Girdle- stone's wish," said Marian, with a glance towards her father ; and receiving no look of disapproval, she added : 44 Ab long as the lamp Uligutad— it was & sort of superstition with him— luck will not leave the house." As soon as the two men were alone over their wine though they could eee and hear at the piano, for the folding-doors stood open — John Westcott tuned to Mr. Carter and said: 44 There is something about that lamp — and I hope yon will not thrwV me too inquisitive — which interests me. May I look at it more riosriy?' j The merchant readily acquiesced, and the young man, stepping across the room, bent over the lamp, and had not Ms baric been turned to Hz. Cuter, the expresricn of keen excitement which came over his face might have puzzled him. SMh'np himself once more oppo site to Ma host, after a somewhat lengthy examination of thelamp,Westoottsaid: "There is a large key, I observe, hanging behind the lantern. Is there any tradition attached to that?" 44 1 cannot tell you," said Mr. Carter. 44 No one knows." 4 4 Do you mean, sir, that it fits no lock ?" A slight upfle croass I the merchant's face. 44 YouJcaow how curio as women are," eaid he. 44 1 need scarcely tell you, John, that Mgrl»n has tried every keyhole in the house. She has not solved the mystery ." 44 Have you no theor , Mr. Carter, concerning that key?" 44 None." 44 Has it never occurred to you that it might have been the key," raid Ws&tcolt;, 44 to my uncle s financial genius r" 44 Ah! that is a shrewd remsrk," said Mr. Carter thoughtfully. But let mo tell yen," bs added, 44 something about that strange mas. It will interest you. No one, unless it was his Indian servant, knew fifr. Girdlestofis more intimately I did." Tbat eager expression again passed over Westcott's face, but it escaped Mr. Catter's notice. After a ehort pause he began, and the low sound of music in the adjoining room added to the earnest tone of Ms voice. _ 44 Through a long life, John, your uncle had lived alone in thta old house — alccs with this Indian. During office hours he often occupied his room down stairs— the room in which that fine portrait hangs; but he received no visitors there. AU matters of business were arranged to my room— in the room, at least, which be came nuns when! was taken into partnership. There, in his magic way, he ssttled questions cf finance. No one was ever allowed to pass beyond -the staircase. Even Marian, to whom he was greatly attached, never visited the upper stories except when Mr. Girdiestone took her to look at this lamp. At fi o'clock every morn ing the great hall doer was locked and bolted behind us— that is, myself and the clerks — by the native servant ; and never, -under any c£r comstenoe, was it opened until 9 the next morning." 44 An odd character," said Westcott in an undertone. 44 This eccentricity led to all sorts of rumonra. It was generally believed that Mr. Girdiestone was a «nan of great wealth: and his excessive caution and secret ways suggested a hoarding disposition. It was thought that his gold was stored to great heaps in the garrets. I often heard these tales. Bet I have since convinced myself that these rumours were unfounded." 44 You discovered nothing?" 44 1 will tell you," eaid Mr. Carter, 44 exactly what happened. Daring the years that I served Mr. Girdiestone — more thV-n twenty in all — I never knew fri to be absent for one day from h desk. There were times when he remained in the counting-house only an hour cr two ; those were what I called his restless days ; for I could hear him pacing this room, which is just above the office, with a peculiar tread which I have never forgotten. It was the only exercise he took; and it_ always foreboded some new and frequently gigantic financial scheme. I some times fancy, when I am very busy, that I cap still hear him walking up and down. West looked about him. 44 In room ?" he interposed. 44 Yon believe it was here?" 44 & It sounded to me," was Mr. Carter's re ply, 44 But it is a strange old bouse : and I have sometimes thought,' he added, 4 that there may he zooms up -stairs or down-Btairs of which we know nothing. — But let mc finieh. One afternoon - towards the hour for locking-tip, I heard a groan. It came from Mr. Girdlestone's room, f went in, and found my old partner leaning forward upon his desk with his bead sunk upon his arms. That wsb hia last day in the counting-house— he died that night." Mr. Carter paused, with a distressed look on his face. The details of that painful incident werepaBS- ing vividly through his mind. Presently he concluded: 4 4 No sooner was Mr. Girdlratone dead, strange to say, than his Tndi»n servant absconded. No one knows where he has gone. He Beemed to me like a man who had re ceived some shock. I could make nothing of him. Doubtless, he possessed a great deal of information about his master. If Mr. Girdle- v atone was a hoarder of gold, he must have found it out. But X, who have lived here ever since my partner's death, have discovered nothing. And as to the mystery, John, about that key," ho added 44 who can solve it?" Westcott made no reply, bat he sat watching the merchant attentively; and he soon noticed a look of drowsiness coming over him. The fatigue and anxiety of the last few days were beginning to tell upon bis overwrought hxain. The more sleepy he became the more wakeful grew (he expression on Westoott's face. As soon as be had assured Mmeelf that Mr. Carter was asleep, the young man rose from, his chair, stepped softly "accross the room, and approached Marian's ride. Standirg where the light fell strongly upon him, some paces from her, he whispered: ' Don't stop playing, Mips Carter: your father will wake. I have a secret to tell you ; and much will depend, within the nest few znbmtes. upon your urcsucoe of cried. But do not be alarmed, " he hastened to add. ' Play as you are flaying now, and listen." Merian was a true musician; and at the moment that John Westcott came and stood there she was carried away by the enchanting effect of some melody. His unexpected ap pearance startled her: it was like bring suddenly roused out of a dream. She coulH not hide her agitation; even the flood of harmony threatened to fall into discord. A false note wasstruek; and then in a troubled voice, she murmured, as she half lifted her eyes from the keys ; 44 A secret to tell me ?" Westcott sat down, though without approach ing nearer; for Lib first thought was to reassure the girl. 44 Do not be distressed, Miss Carter ; place confidence in me. Can you not —for your father's sake ? He needs a fnend." The girl fixed her eyes earnestly on West- coti's face : It was a handsome and sympathetic face. Why was his manner so mysterious and perplexing r ' But his appearance pleased her, and there was a genuine nog in his voice. She quickly derided: she pat away-all suspicion as ungenerous, and answered him. "IamKrien- jjg! Fray, do not hesitate to speak." The young man gave Marum a grateful glance. 44 1 have come to England," 'said he, - after a moment's pause, 44 on an affair which deeply concerns your father— an affair of the utmost importance. I have come to do what is ina&y; power to save the old house of Girdle- etotze and Company from ruin. Much thatHr. : Garter had told me had already reached mv 'ears— through what medium, and how strange a one, youinfl hardly guess." The weird stories that Marian had heard abbut thteold house in Fisher's Folly— and of the qaatot figure of Mr. Girdiestone/ who had livedhere so many years — wero still fresh tnher memory t eveu 'wlme a <Mld, her mtod had been busy pueding ont the -meaning of these mysteries. Bu&ribe; wasmeuepczriednbwwng'' as these thouAts tome iushihg tipoh hcer- thonghts vrhimWestcott'fi word fed recalled- -something of her strange mood eeemed to enter into her expression while she pUyed. ;; ' -WfeaKott prewntijammea.. 4Ybfc rmnember . 'J. ... : A I ' - " ijh»-r>W mri' wn n ha every eeariTholaiew-abcintJ&y; uncfe? , « < ; This was todeed Startling news forMarian. , She kowdty at' Westcott with eger eyes bslfpsftw hps. She even cessril, in her ex citement, to move- her fingers over flie keys; 'and Ipr a moment there was adeaff rilence. But she quickly recovered herself, and.fell into playing soft and dreamy music white listening to all that now followed from Westcott. 44 The secrets which this man has told. me, .as f hope, will enable me to restore credit to the house. But nothing is yet sure ; and for this reason I hesitate to telTjour father. ..Can the house be saved ? Before Mr. Carter wakes, let us try to settle this question." 44 Is it impossible?" whispered Marian. „ 44 Yes; I sincerely believe so/? said Westcott, in an earnest tone. "During ibe mauy years that this Indian lived here, fifes Carter, hekept his eyes wide open. But he was shrewd enough not to betray any signs of curiosity. He was discreet and honest, indeed, my uncle, I ; inclined to think, could scarcely have chosen a better servant. Bat lie developed, owing toJ the circumstances which surrounded him, into a panic-stricken man. All that he had found out about bis master's affairs and the strange Incident that followed, struck terror to bis heart. He confided all this to me-cn his death bed. It was quite pitiable." Marian, with a wondering look iu her eyes, whispered : 44 What strange incident?" 44 One which was the cause of bis endden flight. This is whathe told roe: Tests ago, when he first became my uncle's servant, ne discovered that his master was a hoarder of gold. With that lantern in his hand, which yea call the golden lamp, Mr. Girdles tone would would walk about the house long after midnight, He naturally supposed that his servant . was asleep in his gorreL But the man was following him like a shadow from, floor to floor. It became a fascination — & sort of mania. It was like following some .uneasy spirit about these old rcoms and stair cases. " And so near did he creep along behind him, with naked feet and sometimes on his hands, that he conld at any moment have touched Ms master; and although Mr. Girdle- stone sometimes flushed the lantern round him with suspicion, the native was too agile in his movements to be detected. A particular panel became known to him— cue that led to a secret strong-room. Tbatpacel is to h?a room ; it is witbina few feet, MTbs Carter, of where yon are seated." The startled lookhad comeback into Marian's face. What strange story was this? She had heard nothing so weird about Fisher's Folly before. She followed the young man's glance towards the oaken wall, and music was almost inaudible. 44 There P said Westcott, pointing across the room. 4 That panel can be moved. It is a door that lends down narrow steps, as the Tnttian assured roe, into a huge cellar. Here ore to be found bags of money — thenaands of pounds, Miss Carter, to hard cash." Marian's -cheeks were flushed with excite- incut, and the melody sounded as if following her thoughts into a ehower of gold. " "Why," said she, 44 did Mr. Ginileatonea servant hide this from as r" 44 Ah ! I am now coming to that," eaid Westcott. 44 On the night that Mr.- Girdie stone died — a rainy, gutty night — the Indian co old not sleep. Xhe Iocs of his old master distressed him deeply; but secret which he had stolen distressed him nKTI more. He could never restore it now, and it seemed as much a crime in his eyes as if he had stolen the gold. Ha took the lantern from its place and wandered about -as he had seen his master doing. Neither the of rain against the windows, nor Die moaning of the wind to the draughty rooms and eorzidoa gave him any concern. . He had never ex perienced the least fear; U h«»a ail been wonder and breathless interest at his master's ways. Tenor suddenly seized upon, him for the first time. How the he could not explain; but without looking round or even listening, an overwhelming conviction topic possession of the man : liia master was following 7/iiji But it was not a living master, but a dead one — the scisdess gho$ of Mr. Girdle- stone." Marian could not help shuddering; and her tremulous notes showed how deeply all that John Westcott had heea relating her. The young man noticed this, and waited whfle she hied to overcome her innoffon, fie then, rose from his and faWwgfmm pocket the document which he hd an hour ago dis covered to Mr. Girdlestone's desk approached Marian and pointed oat the words written at the foot : 44 for the key to the 'secret strong room, whereto, -will he found fifty hegi hard cash, look behind the Golden X&mp.;" 44 And now," said he, "I'wfll steal quietly ! into the dining- room and get fheTan tern." Marian looked up with an expression almost of awe; "Have you the hardihood— all aloe — to make this search ?" Westcott smiled. rc I'm cot frightened when I've a good light- And was not the lamp litby you" — Marian dropped her eyes—41 lit for tiiis very expedition?. It was my uncle's wish. Besides," ne went on, 44 is not the key which has been hanging there all these years the key to the secret strong room?" Westcott steps into the dining-hall and glances at Mr. Carter, who is Bleeping soundly. Murine looks over her shoulder, bat- never o eases playing. She 6eea Westcott detach the lantern ; and as he comes quickly back with the softest tread, he stops and touches a panel near the fireplace. H3s Iip3 convey these words to the girl, for his voice dees not reach ha: 44 This is the way." Marian whispers back distressfully : 44 If he wakos" 4 Stop playing; it will warn me. But tell film nothing." The girl glances towards the clock on the mantel-shelf. 44 1 sh sll count minutes. Shall you soon be back r" Westcott looks at his watch; 44 In tea minutes." 4 ' So quickly as that ! But it will be like ten hours to me." He approaches the wall aud presses upon the panel, which yields to his hand. He glances back at Marian, and their eyes meet. TTfy heart is beating fast, but her encouraging look makes it beat the faster. Westcott stoops down and Bteps into an open space to the wall. A cold, damp draught of air rushes into the room. The music trembles, as if icy wind had caught the hers. For a moment the lantern glimmers ; and Marian sees the light moving away. John Westcott and the Golden Lamp have dis appeared. CHAPTER III. — Coxclusiox. "r "«» auu petsnng oown- wards, John Westcott found himself at thehead of a flight of brick steps. These steps were to- oommooiously narrow, bring built up between the outer ana toner walls of the old mansion. It was impossible, with such broad shoulders as Weatootfe, to descend otherwise than obliquely. The sensation was not agreeable; less so, even, than bring lowered into a well, for a rope is something: here the connecting i»wfr with the outer world was, as it were, completely cutoff; even the sound of Marian's piano having gradn- ally died out. Or had she stopped Maying? thought Westcott. Had Mr. Carter awoke? Although the dulling draught of air was lessened when the panel was dosed, the cold damp atmosphere, aud that peculiar wmriTuwa which dings to vaults ana such-like under ground places, became more perceptible at every step ; aud these steps seemed endless. Yet he had proposed to return to ten minutes. Was it possible to complete this expedition to search of his uncle's gold to so short a time ? It scarcely seemed probable. And yet Westcott did not despair. The encouraging-look whish Vari»w had given him inspired - confidence in his pur pose. If hehad acted impulsively, the motive frgfl been a good one. Hia prompt decision was stimu lated by a keendesire to savehisunde's firm from ruin; in truth, he had been seized with an un defined seoBe of apprehension when first en countering the Indian servant to his travels. The mail had told Mm to a ram Wing way that Mr. Girdlestone's death might prove a serious blow to the business ; and he bad implored his ' 41 young master," as he had called Westcott— for he had known him when a boy — to proceed without loss of time to Fislier'a Folly and put ! matters right whfle there was still ihro man had awakened a deep interest to Westcott's mind concerning the old house and its sur roundings, not omitting the beautiful "?« Garter, hidwd, the young man bad pictured to himself a lovely gsd,- from the Indian's description, lighting the Golden Lamp, long .before the "virion" came in right. . The first glimpse of Marian, when entering Hia prectocta of Fisher's Folly a few honm ago, find some-, what resembled the realisation of a dreem. \- Bat Westcott had no time for such reflections ; -at this moment ; for tic had reached the loot of fiie steps and had come upon a long MBsage. It was at right angles to the steps; it widened out suffidentiy to unable him to wa&steaight; ahead, fie at once quickened his pace ; hatha was careful as he advanced tobfem$ eveiy detail of the brickwork; -for he dreaded the mare thought of losing Ms way in such a dark and mysterious locality.- ' ; ' To anyone with abriiefto the supeniatbral, however idight, this was not pn.' expedition iikely to awakenja feeling juf buapicion. 'More than one r strange ancy flashed acrosB West- oott's brain. A sudden current of a£r,"whidi he " now "enwuntered, was likethe icy breath of ! eomeunaeen phantom that had hurried hr. But- this only ptoved to fe; w$dn he raised jus tan- ' examiced tta waSe. a small ina graiing,;Wji?ch .wag Aenbtfoss placed there for Vfentflation But he had no sooner explainsd aWay this phenomenon than a more .weird sen- jsation seized upon. him. The noise.of muffled f outsteps broke upon his ear— footsteps that seemed to be approaching nearer and nearer, for each moment they sounded more distinctly, ana beyond the passage along which he was advancing. . Was it. the tread of n sentinel, in the shape of Mr. Girdlestone's ghost, on guard over the togs of gold ? . Westcott stopped and listened. The sound of the footstep ceased; he had heard the echo of -his own footfall to an extensive vault. A pace beyond where he had stopped would have brought him to the en trants: a few feetjapre and he would probablv have fallen head foremost into the cellar. Was it to be wondered at that the Indian servant, Westcott now thought, bad fled so pre- ctoitaiely from his house in Fisher's Folly after his master's death? If he had once fol lowed him into these vaults, as the man pro fessed to have done, his sudden dread could be understood. Mr. Girdiestone must have seemed, to the eyes of this unreflecting native, something almost snperhuinan — a being whose disembodied Spirit haunted Fisher's Folly. Had not a shadowy form, a& he imagined, appeared to Mm when he was on the point of revealing the secret ? Even Westcott, who was among the most sceptical concerning disembodied spirits, began to experience tt cer tain indefinable tremor, for the vault at the edge of which he now found himself had no visible limit. The tight from the lantern, in whichever way he directed it, gave htm no clue as to the dimensions of the place ; it was, he could only conclude, an immense cellar. He shrank back with a natural feeling of hesita tion. Which direction should he 1 ? If he descended and went forward into the impene trable darknes, the chance of finding his way back appeared remote. His only plan would, be to follow, if possible, the direction of the wall, either to the right or to the left. By this means he might, without abandoning all hope, continue the search. Before taking another step forward, how ever, he resolved to make a close examination of the spot. And he scon discovered that the entrance to this passage along which he had 1 come had been cut out of the brick wall. The : hole was not symmetrical, but sufficiently large for an ordinary -sized maa to pass through. The bricks which hod doubtless been taken from this hole lay to a heap 2£t.or 3ft. below. While inspecting this beap, over which he had been on the point of stumbling, the light from the lantern fell upon, scmetiung which set West cott's heart beating fast. The floor of the cellar, as tor as he could see, wis ucpaved : it was covered with damp-looking may. He crept down over the bricks and alighted upon it. The clay was trodden down into a distinct footpath towards the left and close under the wall ! To what point could this footpath lead ? Westcott did not hesitate another second. Bending forward, with the lantern almost touching toe ground, he carefuliy followed the beaten track. Presently he stopped and raised the lantern. He was standing opposite a closed door. In bis impatience he struck U with his bed ; but it re sisted toe shock. ' He hastened to detach tbe kev from the lantern and place it to the key hole. It fitted the lock : but no force would move the key; it resisted all his efforts to turn it. Westcott drew the key out of the lock in despair. He stood looking at it with a puzzled face. But presently the puzzled expression changed. His eyes became hopeful and animated. He noticed Tnrfca of nut upon the key— marks which were not there when he placed it to toe lock, file knelt down and opened the lantern. Having unscrewed the lamp sear the wick he found the lower part more than half full of ofl. He poured some drone upon the key and again thrust it to the keyhole. After some persuasion it began to show signs of yielding. The key moved, then suica, roe a znovea again. » estcott's patience was becoming exhausted ; his face flushed, and his hand shook from excitement. Suddenly toe key turned, and the door flew open. Westcott raised the lantern hastily above his head and went stealthily forward. Meanwhile, Mr. Carter, aaleeptohisarta chair, - was dreaming about his old partner. He dreamt that he con'oheir him pacing up and down tbe diutog-hati, while he sat at Ms writing-table to fiie office oelow. It seemed to him that Mr. Girdiestone had found out the disastrous suite of affaire ; that the discovery had brought Mm out of hiserave, and that he was exerting all his great nnaacal faculties to order to save the house; and his peculiar walk, as it appeared to Mr. Carter, expressed his anger at the situation. He felt himself greatly humiliated . He had not toe courage to go and place toe matter clearly before Mr. Girdiestone. He was persuaded of his inferiority as a financier— toough he had done his btet, as he kept repeating to him self, he 44 had done his bast." But tbe mono tonous tread of his relentless partner still went on ; it seemed to enter into the very throb- btogs of his brain He conld not shut out the sound. At length it became so unbearable that he cried out to despair, aud awoke. 11 Did you call me, -father?" Marian was standing at the entrance to tbe dining-room with her eyes fixed anxiously upon toe merchant. Mr. Carter put his hand to bis forehead perplexedly 44 A strange dream,' ''hfe muttered. Then suddenly looking up, he said : " Where is John?" Marian glanced at the clock. The ten minutes which John Westcott had named had almost expired. Would he soon return? She listened with intense eagerness for any indica tion of his coming. Again Mr. Carter passed hia hand across Ma brow. 14 1 have been dreaming," Baid he. 44 Am I dreaming now F" aud he glanced round the room. Suddenly he started up. 44 Where is the Golden Lamp ?" At this moment Marian, standing within her boudoir and near the secret panel, heard a slight noise, but she dreaded to look round ; she dreaded to take her eyes from her father's face. She spoke to herself to & low tone of despair: 44 What shall I do ?" Immediately a muffled tone whispered to reply: 44 Tell him everything, AlIiawelL" Mr. Carter hed sunk into his chair, xraripn approached him. Her face brightened with a sudden feeling of gratitude and delight, But the merchant did not look up. 14 1 have been dreaming," he repeated. 44 1 dreamt that Mr. Girdiestone had come back to life— that he was pacing up and down this room. He seemed to snow all about our troubles." Marian rat down beside toe merchant "Father," said she, "I, too, have had a dream." He looked np with a 6mfle. 44 About Mr. Girdiestone?" There was always something cheering to his daughter's voice. 44 Partly," she replied, 44 and parti v about his money." 44 His money Marian !" 44 Yes. I have been dreaming that news had reached us about Mr. Girdlestone's Indian servant He knew everything connected with his master's affairs ; he even knew toe meaning of that key which has been so long a mystery to us." 44 Why, Marian — 44 Th&tunot; all. The news tbat readied us — in my dream— was that toe key opened a seuut strong-room . The Indian was conerience- etrickeu; and on his death-bed implored some one to come and fell us all about it Asfi," added Marian, 41 tome one came — some one who took the lantern and the key and went to search of the strong-room ; for in this secret place, as I dreamt, there are bags and bags of gold," The merchant was now looking keenly into his daughter's face. Marian did n"t return his glance, bat she placed her hand persuasively' on bis aim, -for he had half risen from his chair. 44 The only way, father, to reach >»? strongroom," continued Marian—' 14 the only! way that toe Indian knew of was by moving a panel to the wall. And toe person to whom he confided this secret— a person related to Mr. Girdiestone — followed his instructions and found—" "Found what?" Marian could no longer keep her father from starting out of the chair He had guessed the meaning of her words, fie was beginning to comprehend that, heedful of his anxiety, she was trying, to her love for him, to break the news of some good fortune whichhad befallen them, and in auto a manner that it might not come upon him too suddenly. She stood look- tog attentively at his anxious face as he walkec np and down tb-e room. . He seemed to be mastering the sodden emotion which tho dawning knowledge of brighter days had awakened Presently Marian put her hands gently upon his shoulders and looked up into his face. 44 It is no dream father, fi is true. The person to whom Mr. Girdlestone's servant confided all this is. Mr. Westcott. But it was his wish, before raising your expectations, to make core that the man's story was well founded. It is well founded, and Mr. West- cote is waiting to tell you aU the details him- self." Marian induced her father to.resumehiBplace by the hearth. He at down, and witohis hands pressed to hsforehead, stered vac&ntfy; at the trre.' But suddenly he lookBd xip. A quick sfegrfaadcanghtMsea' WeslpbU plbOd before himwiththe lanteznn onehahd . and ah odd- . looting tag to ttopfher. ' : ' 44 Mr. Carter," were his fiat words, 44 make your mind easy; Tfaehoue of Girdiestoce and Company urhvecL This ragtouid gontato >t a. guineas, and Jhcre are mora j that fifty like it-tn toe V&ong;'-Footih- Is riot -this > anvmringr" As Westcott spoke, hn lifted the bag suddenly;. At was yellow and rottcsi- from age, s and .toe action of raising It burst open toe sides, and the floor was covered, with gold. The guineas -clinked and spun : about In all directions ; -and some of them, rolling, to- wmds the hearth; settled down at Mr. Carter's feet. Neither J oha IVeatcott nor Marian's father -thought of seeking any rest that night. They were too deeply occupied with a minute ex- I amination of the cellars under the old hcuse to Fisher's Folly, . and hags of gold that Mi:. Girdlestone's relative had discovered there. No place could have better served a hoarder's pur pose ; for it was a secret strong-room that had been built centuries ago in which to store trea- - sure in the time of civil war or serious riottogto - the city of Loudon. It would have done Mr. Girdlestone's heart good, let us hope, had he witnessed toe pros perous turn which the old firm now took. Under Mr. Carter's instruction — for Marian's father was to reality an excellent man of busi ness—John Westcott became in time as great a financier as Lis uncle Lad been before him. And when he was urged to accept a partner ship in the house, a year or two after the memorable date of his return to England, he could not refuse ; for be and h&diu; the 1 meantime learned to lore other. Besides, the will which he found had named him his uncle's heir. And so, after their marriage, Mr. Girdlestone's house was for many years their chosen home. This old mansion in Fisher's Folly, still standing in these modern times, is untenanted. It has a lonely aud dilapidated appearance. The windows, including the great central window, within which the Golden Lamp once stood, are begrimed with dust and smoke : and the steps below arc as green as antiquated tombstones. A great padlock and chain, are affixed to toe front door, for the lease has run out at last, and this landmark in the historv of London will soon bo demolished and forgotten. —Cttchibfr&'s Journal % 