WASTED, A BURGLAR. ' CHAPTER II. AT KLMSFOLD. Eimsfold Hall was a delightful old mansion, built in the quaint black and white style, so peculiar to Draftshire. Elected, in the early part of the seventeenth century, it was rich in historical associations, and many were the local traditions connected with its long line of owners. The private chapel in the south west wing; besides being a beautiful specimen of architecture, possessed a ghost of the most orthodox pattern, and many a villager at night shuddered to make use of the short cut through the park which led beneath it* walls, though it sav<>d a go-id mile between North Thorne and Eiinsfold. As the ghost was of the most trustworthy kind, dating back further than the memory of ihe oldest inhabitant, or the oldest inhabitant's father before him for the matter of that, lis existence could could not be doubted, and, tli< r^fore, the rusiic mind believed as firmly in it as it did in what the parson or the agent for the estate said. According to ..the generally accepted story, tl*e apparition took the form of a Indy, the wife of Mortimer Capesthorne, a cavalier of Charles the First's time. He was the builder of Eimsfold, though his family could be traced toinuch remoter times. He was a very-h<>t tempered man, and a bitter partisan of the- Royalist cause, hating Parliamentarians with an intense hatred. Iteti.rning home after thé disastrous rout on Marston Moor, where he had fought under Prince Rupert, lie surprised his wife at night in the chapel in secret audience with her only brother, a young lad of 20. who had joined the popular pnrty, under Essex. So en- 5 raged w«s Mortimor Capesthorne at this discovery, that he slew the young Puritan at the feet of his wife, ànd then turning locked her in the chapel, swearing a dreadful oath that it should be her prison for life ; which it was, for, when two days after, he sent to let her ont, having repented somewhat, she was found dead beside her murdered brother. A gruesome enough story. No wonder, therefore, that the' White Lady of Eimsfold,' who was said to appear at the chapel window at : night, beating against the panes witii lier hands as though trying to escape, should p. »ssess a personality for the neighboring villagers,- in which even a i n e tee n th -cen tu ry civifc isation could not shake their faith . According to local traditions. Mortimer Copesthorne was shot by Cromwell's own hand at the battle of Naseby ; any way he disappeared from history about that,time, and his descendants or heirs held Elm«f<dd undisturbed, so far as possession went, until a more unlucky or improvident Capesthorne than usual plunged so deeply into those ceding, dicing, duelling days of the second George,• that the old Draftshire estates passed into other hands, and, for a time, the fam'ly disappeared from the view and ken of the sleepy old grazing county. The ruined gamester emigrated with his family to the Wes 4 ; Indies, where he or some of his descendants retrieved their fortunes either by planting or commerce, or both, for, about 1850, an undoubted { Capesthorne, of Eimsfold appeared in {Ijondon society, possessed of immease 1 wealth, a handsome Creole wife, ana one s *n—a boy of about seven, named after his ancestor of era! repute, .Mortimer.' The wealthy West Indian had visited Draftshire, called upon Psal Duncan's father, <vho then held Eimsfold, and trie 1 hard to repurchase his old family estates ; but Mr Duncan, whose grandfather bad bought them, was not to be tempted, and Mr Capesthorne had to satisfy himself with acquiring a neighbouring pnperty known as Oakwood. Mortimer Capesthorne and Paul Duncan, as boys, had seen much of each other. Th*y had been together at Eton ; they had both graduated at Oxford in the same year; they had followed the Draftshire hounds from the time they could sit a pony almost-;--their fathers had died leaving theni heirs* to neigh* bouring estates, within a few > months of cach other ; and yet none could say^ they were more than acquaintances. Notwithstanding their close connection in youth and manhood, there had never been any brotherly companionship between them. Their familiarity bad not gone beyond the conventional greeting of, * Hello ! Duncan, how are : you 7 Well, Capesthorne, will you be àt thé meet to-morrow ?' As men, they were diametrically oppositesi Paul Duncan was fair, light haired, muscular, a little brusque, too thoroughly John Bjullishto be refined to the point understood by= t society to mean refinement.- Mortimer * Capesthorne was swarthy in complexion t the Capesthornes were all dark, but the m mixture of Creole blood "had . made_him M darker still -, spanybut tall of figure; h veiy aristocratic in style ; wonderfully cool and composed in all his. actions; reserved and haughty in manner. Thathe was clever, there could be no doubt ; fluent, if not a brilliant talker; a handsome man certainly ; but somehow he never male any friends. Acquaintances he had plenty, hut intimai cs none. Until. college days were ovr, until, in fact,."they had each entered in-, to their inheritance and taken up their positions as countrymen of means* aiyl influence, there, %ad never been any known ill-feeling betweeif the two ; they simply did not • chum together.' that was all that c >uld be said. But. when the time for wo >ing or mating came— as 'it comes' sooner or later to most menthere came with it/the jealousy as well as the joy which is bred of love. A,s luck would have it, Mortimer -Capesthorne of Oakwood and. Paul Duncan of Eimsfold became rivals for the hand of Ellen CorbeilLc. There was no open ritpture about the affair.,' So far as Paul went-there was no occasion tor such a thing. Certainly, when Ellen told him that Capesthorne had proposed before him, and had, upon being refused, flown into a passion terrible to sêe, and said things about Paul and Eimsfold (which he looked upon -as belonging by right to the- Oapestliorn *s)," the said Paul got his back up,..so to speak; and talked about a hofse whip, which lié would ând could have used j but gentle words arid a'kiss quelled his" passiiin^ and when his heat was oyer ,he as those whô win^n,^hd ! jsâià hçpitiéd that gebç dë^i^of à CàpèsÉhome,. lor • it was enough to make -any one nïad to inias such a treasure as he had- won .Ellen Corbeille. 4' ^To be conUnûék?) 