At tlio Theatres. Gaiety Tlieatro. Notwithstanding tho heavy downpour of rain last night, thero was a vory good nudienco at tho Gaiety Tbcatro, whoro " Lns Olouhos do Cornevillo " was played for tho first time this season. This opora has always been a papular ono in Brisbane, and was well rcaoiva l. Last evening iho uudienoo nnnlaudcd coins sneoial numbers to tbo cobo, bat others whiah should have been most successful, fell short of ex pectation. This may havo been duo to want of rehearsal, but certaiuly tbero was something which prevented any life being thrown into tho pieco. Tho orchestra calls for particular oorn- mout in this respoot, a considerable difference as to tlmo occurring not only botweon tho members, hut between tbo orchestra aud vooulists, while their defects might also bo commented on. Tho chorus, whioh has horotoforo beon a strong feature of tbo company, likowiso ovinoed un steadiness, ono or two oharueos, tho Fair chorus in patlioular and tho May-polo dunao, ranking as unsuccessful efforts, while soverul others were not much hotter. Nor oan the soloists be espcoially congratulated. Miss Wangonhcim played " Serpolotte," but did not put ull her energies into tho work. Hor songs missed tbo rollicking swing of tho oharaoter, and sometimes lacked otkor points. Miss Edul Maokay may bo said to buvo boon tho most successful of tho principals both aB regards singing and noting. Sho was very well re- oeived and encored for more than one song— a compliment sho well desorvod. Mr. William Walshe, as the Marquis de Corneville, sang well, and was on very good terms with the audience. ThoBuillioof Mr. Tom Fdlacd, audtheGobo of Mr. Fred Wentworth, wero fairly good re presentations ; a few gaga used in their dialogues tuking well with thoso in front. Mr. Ernest Fernloigh was not well suited as Grenloheux, hut Misa Rom Solomon mado a pleasing little Ohristophe. Mr. Lester appeared aa Gaspard, the old misor, and gavo a some what originul rondeiing of the obaraotor, tho host portion of whioh was dnring tho ghost roeno. Tkn opora is to bo repeated to-right, and until farther notioo, qnd wi'l 'doabtless improvo as tbo soason advanoos. 