Dots and £)aslic.«« TnUle— idlo talk or cli&t; ; trifling tnlk 5 prate, or gosaip. WBBBTBU'a DlOTSOXART. ' u Did you hoar that ?' said paiutor Fred Rogers to Constable Fowlor. Tho pair wore standing outside tho Williams's house on tho morning aftor tho murder, and the titiio was that uncanny period between dark and dawn. 'Hoar what?' queried tho ^policeman in turn to his companion, WJiu imu jviuui^ auijuu. up iu itoup him company in Jiis lonoly vigil. u Why throo distinct knocks insido ' repliod Pogors. Impossiblo ' said tlio man in blue, but ns he was tittoring tho words tho souuds came again, and ' a vory . uncomfortable feeling stole ovor tlio two as tho knocks woro hoard onco more. Thoj' howovor pluckod up thoir courage and wont behind and arouud tho house, and ovon lookod in, hut nothing wns there savo tho corpse of tho doad womau, and 110 explanation has yot been hazarded as to tho causo of tho inystoiuoua sounds. Tlio'ball having boon sot a-rolling in tliis fashion, nil sorts of. tales and stories were speedily going tho rounds about 'tho hauutod house' in Oshorno- stroot. and now thoro aro : not a few poopio who would giye all thoir ,mohoy ? to Boll and Divvies to invest for thbiii rath'or than 'walk pfist tho placo; aftor .nightfall. - This . four, of tho super natural is ono of tho most . extraordinary; features in that curious probloni, 'liiimau. nature. Supposo ghosts really, oxtst why should a man oiy womau' bo afTaid of sub stanoos tlio^' can put thoir ; fists or their umbrellas right through. .Put thonv at thoir worst they aro simply mist or vapour, thoy cannofc exist in a. draught;, and ; my advioo to anyouo wlio is; Irouliled by such objoctionablo. visitors is to got a good j)air of bollowfi 'aud blow tho ghosts quietly up tho chimney. : ; : ' .V; ; ' #? ' ? # . Nod Davis wanted a small job, so coneh drtvor Barney 'told Jinn to go up to liis 'yard and' ch6]i nil tho; wood /which- was. there. ?Shiifo's industrioiis suocossor is not- /vory.. well up in' tlio 'googi-a'phy /of ; -tho toirn \ bnfc .:lio-' tliought.: ho ' .know : Mr. /Nt'Tiernan's' placo /and lost/ 110 /timo : in ?gqtting/.' thoro and /setting to work.' After lq.siiig/n cqnsidorablo amount of porspiratibn1 nnd: wasting, a fair .'sliaro 'o£ elbow grodsd,. 'Davis cpinpiotbd his job, and woiit ; into, tho; houso to got paid/ V V/Wcll/. that, is done ' ho 'said in a satisfied tono. V 'What is/dono ' ,whs tho.reply.' . . ?4 Why clmppihg that woodi aud a precious tough bit' of work it was too ' . Nod' rejoined.- Who told you to do it', were tho ominous words which next, came.1 trWhy, Barnoy ^t'Tiorrian,' said; Nod, aud thoii as tho awful truth bogan to da'wniipoh him ho continuod ' This/is liis house; and yard is it not.'. ' M'Tibrnau's placo is noxt door '..was tlio answor. - Tableau. - / ????-, .*? ' -V,.* ????#. ;As wo all learnbd nt school somo mon aro born /groat, some . mon; achiovb ; groatnees, '.while there' are yet -others who have groat ne8s thrust upon thom. ' Mr. Henry Richard Hodgkinson is ono of this latter class, for ho was. elected on /Saturday; to tho high and honourable position' of 'one of the city fathers of Nowra,' without over having as much as stirred a finger to help himself in tho mattor. He was put ' forward by his friends and did not; evon.'.go up to -vote for himself. Worse than all ho did not turn up to hoar tho oill'oial declaration of tlio poll, so tho Mayor and tho Council Clerk had the wholo thing to themselvos. Mr. Pattorsini solemnly annouacod'to Mr, Edwards thnfc Mr. Hudg IcinsoD^was duly eloctod and Mr. Edwards tried to: look as if it tvas uow a to him, and . tlien movod a vote of thanks to the presiding officer. There was no ono present to seeond the proposition but tho Mayor put it and amidst loud applauso from his sole listener declarod it carried unanimously, Tho pro ceedings which wore throughout condnetod in a most harmonious spirit, and without tlio slightest difforenco of opinion amongst tho audicnco tlion terminated. « « # * Owing to sovoro competition amongst tho ! jjublicans of Kiama ' long slcevors ' can now bo obtained in that town for 2d., and all othor drinks at proportionato prices. What n paradiso tho place must bo at prosont for tlie thirsty souls, and how thoy must hopo that tho' war botwoou tho ^ Boni facos will bo camod 011 with more and moro bitterness until at last thoy will not only ? not chargo ' for thoir liquor but actually ' pay mon to consume it. I11 thoso happy ? days tho poor down-troddou toper— loafing about;no longoi^with n keen eye to nnyono whom ho. imagines good enough for 'a shout' — will roaui about from hotel to hotel tho gayost of the gity, and turniug up his noso ut anything loss than the vory beofc brands of ' fizz.' It is under stood that a largo inuubor of ' uou-bluo ' ribbrmisla iu Nowra aro watching tho move ment anxiously, and nro contemplating emi grating to luumu in tho near future. A littlo bird whispors iu tho oar of Junius Junior that thoro is ill-foeling in a cortaiu ohib iu Nowra composed of ' tho upper ten ' at atlompts boing inudo 44 to draw the line somowhoro, my doar.' Somo of tho chartn iiig ladies nro nol ono littlo bit backward in saying spiteful things of oach othor's birtli, XJarontago, and education. But the storm will blow over. Another littlo bird has a story to relate about a young lady and bank clerk mnshors, but I am not going to say a word about thom for whj' can't tlio poor things hnvo an innocent fiirtatiou without ovoryono prying into it. Yot another oor rospondont writes, complaining of a whist and whiskoy club and asking mo to oxpos© ovcrything which goos on thoro. Did ovor anyono hour suoli nonseuso, for oven if all that is said about the thing in the loiter I havo boforo 1110 is trito it practically amounts to nothing. But with such communications ovory nowspnpor luis to put up — what inter esting reading journals would bo if thoy priuted every anonymous contribution and scrap of gossip which roachoa thom. JUNIUS JUNIOR. 