TU^cuiasTiAX*cpxrr^Tivs\^ TXSISOX AXD ENTHUSIASM: RELIGIOUS ASSEMBLY. \Thc first general Christian convention for the 5 deeper development of spiritual life held: in Austmlin.~wn« opened yesterday with rcniark able enthusiasm. The couveutiou, "which is conducted on the lines of the fainouS'gatheiiug [ at Jvcswick. is being taken part in by clergy- J men from all parts of the colony, and many j from places outside \ ictoria. A prayer meeting j was held in the Ryrie-strcct Presbyterian i Church , at an. early hour preparatory to the more general meetings opened iu the Mechanics' ' Institute. There was au attendance of about 400 at the first of the l itter meetings, which commenced, at 10.30. The Key. G. C. Grubb presided, and "there were about twelve ministers andlivtnea, with a few ladies on the platform also. The - proceedings were opened by the singing of a .hymn, after which a . short interval was allotted for meditation, and then the Kev. Dr. Porter gave an eloquent prayer. The chairman nest engaged 111 an earnest address, in which he urged his hearers to consider the words of St. Mark, Gth chap. 31st verse: 48 Aud lie said unto them, come ye yourselves apart into a desert place and rest a while." The apostles gathered together unto Jesus and told him all things in open confession. This they should do, and let them learn the will ox Jesus and go forth . to do , it.. They should regulate their doings aright, and then it would "be easy for God to tell them the truth, and if they did not set their actions right they would not know of sauctification. They should search ! for the words 44 apart," "alone," 44 privately," and i£ aside," iu the concordance. When the disciples asked Jesus why they had not cast the evil one out. He replied," because of their little faith. They should ask to be taught of the sin fulness of unbelief. He believed the unbelief of Christians was worse than murder, worse than adultery and other sins, and the most awful sin for liitn was to disbelieve his Father, ne hoped they would be so extravagantly filled with the joy of the Lord tliat people would say He had done great things for them. He hoped they would have revealed to 'them by the con ference what the cross really meant and what the resurrection really meruit. Those who were crucified had perfect deliverance from the flesh, and they could not accept crucificatiou to the world unless crucified to self. They should learn to sny with Thomas, " Let us go, that we may die with Him." The convention might be a blessing to many, to whom it would first bring utter misery, and yet if tliey died with Him they would live with Hiui, and they be lieved also that He rose agniu. If they had faith there were mountains that' woulu be removed—mountains of unbelief, of the "higher " Christians, of intellectual giants,of fornication, arid of drunkenues?. The moun tains would skip away and their time was short. After the singing of a hrmn the Kev. A. K. Blackett engaged in piuyer, and the Kev; S. Chapman addressed the meeting upon A}K>stolie Christian* * ' ' " :ian:ty, and quoted from Acts ii. ' -1G: 44 And day by day continuing stcdfastly with oue accord in the temple, and breaking bread at home they did tike their food with gladness and singleness of heart:" and from Acts iv. 32: 44 And th*» multitude of them that believed were of one heart and soul, and not one of them said that aught of the things he possessed was his own, but they had all things common." Some people were afraid to let people hear them praying, but they should not be ashamed. People in the days of old used to llock to the temples: now they had to be im plored. bu- the rimes would change once more. He alluded to the text iu Romans, 1-S: 441 thauk my God, through Jesus Christ, for you iill that your f.iith is proclaimed throughout the whole world,*' and hoped it would be so with the members of the conference. People who were not Christians did not look on their faith that way, but mocked them" and said, 44 If we believed as you profess to believe, we wouldnot take things so easily." And tliis was not an extrcmecase. forthey would see another instance in Thessaionians, 1-S. The rev. gentleman then directed Jus hearers to the love of Christ aud the joy unspeakable of belief in Him, as . cvideuced in Peter, 1, S-0: "Apostolic Christianity is it ours ?* was a oues tiou which should not be shirked as many pro fessing christians sought to do. When they faced it fairly they found the answer a negative one. There should be no 4*ifs" or "huts" or qualifications of any sort, it should l>e- theirs. It was a question" for the good respectable christians, the virtuous, the properly behaved, the consistent christians, model churchmen. Was this unity this spirit of liberality ;Ahis abounding in prayer, this joy' of the Holy Ghost was it their? ? If they die for it they were bound to get it. After an eloquent ap peal Mr Chapman concluded his address, and after further singing, praying, and silent con fession. the first meeting was closed. An enormous gathering assembled at the afternoon meeting, the greatest amount ci interest being taken iu the proceedings. The platform was crowded with ministers and lay men, and a strong choir, consisting of volunteers from the various congregations, was iu atten dance. After the devotional exercises of the convention had been gone through the Kov. G. C. Grubb delivered an earnest sermon on Pride. The . rev. gentleman, whose mission in Melbourne recently created an unwonted enthusiasm in religions circles, is remarkably independent, outspoken, and earnest in hi? sermons. The object of the afternoon meeting, tbeih unwilling, but if they dcsircl to fully realise what itw.as to be a follower of Christ they would have to bumble themselves in the dust. There were many things with regard to the teachings of their divine master that seemed contradictory, but they would understand everything if they were willing to, pour con tempt on their pride. If they were umvilhng to do this they, had better get-up and leave the hall, for it was no use for them to attend convention meetings unless they were willing to confess when they were in the" wrong. The life and death of their Lord was a standing rebuke io all sorts of pride. An amount of contempt had been poured upou the pride of rank by the birth of the Sou of the humble carpenter Those who were proud of we iltli, aud did not like to be soiled by contact with those who were poor aud mean, should remem ber tliat44 The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have their nests, hut the Son of man has not where to lay His head." "Were they proud of their respectability, contempt was poured uj>ou them by the reproach, 44 Can any good come out of Nazareth," which Jesus bore. Were thev proud of their personal appearance, they were humbled by tile remembrance that "His visage was more marred than any of the sons of mcti,*' and it was their sins that marred it.Weretheyproudoftheirreputatioiiinnnywayr Christ lost his reputation when ho was baptised of the Holy Ghost. Hehadheeuin favor with God and inau tip to the time that lie was baptised as if He were a sinner. Being baptised, He became identified with the common herd of dinners around him. No.iuan could come down from his high ecclesiastical perch until lie was baptised. Christ was rejected by the church of His day because He was so much identified with publicans and sinners. Were they proud of their independence V The Lord Jesus was so poor that He had to accept food from the women "who ministered unto Him. He had so little belonging to Him that He could not buy a suitof clothes for Himself, and wasglad to receive the scamlcss'coat knitted for Him. So that He was fully dependent for His food and raiment, upon the kindness of those to whom he minis tered. Were they proud of their learning't It •was very easy to be so in these shallow days. Christ got His knowledge from - His Father's heart. Were they proud of their superiority in any way r Jesus had said 441 am among you as one who serves. He that is greatest among you let him become your servant. . . . He that hiimblcth himself shrilly be exalted." Were they proud of popularity r " He came unto His own and His own received Hhu not." The most cutting thing in the sorrow ful experience of Jesus Christ was that of being despised by His owu brethren and regarded as au iiuposter. And then His own disciples fell away from Hiiu. and one of His cboscn baud of apostles proved a betrayer on tbo night that all had lied from Him. But true holiness would never be popular, and Cahvtry would never bo ]>opular, although following Christ in conventions might be. St. Paul had thesmiebitter-cxpcriencc of his Master, for wheu a prisoner iu the Miuuinertinc prison he wrote,44 All thev hi Aria.are me." Apa»- j^if -tnc"scenes of his greatest triumplis, and through Ids preaching idolatry had been completely! overturned. = Aud tiieu the news reached the lonely old man in the orison, *4AU yourooavertsarcapostatLriog." He implored the Lord to deliver them from the pride of popularity, for people who cried out 44 Hosapu-ili" one day, would crucify them the next. In conclusion, ha urged them to sink Hie pride of bigotry and resentment, and the priue that airccteil humility. The whole lessen that they were to learn from the life of Chri-t was sumarised in the words 44 He humbled • himself unto besoming obedient uutcr death. even, unto the death of the Cross.'1- After prayer by the Rev. J. Ellis, an appealing address wiys de livered by the Kev. J. Watsford with regard lo the question 4* Apostolic Chrisliruiitvr is it o.ufsr * IIc_ attributed the fervor " of the, . . .. •«* - - — liclv Spirit, but the fullness of the Holy Spirit. Th*» iiioin^ntous question for them was whether the» Christianity was like that uf Apostolic times' Whether they had the indwelling spirit. If not they, were guilty before God. . The speaker con cluded Ins address by a stirring appeal on behalf of ait present for the outpo.uriug" of the lir.lv Spirit. The congregation joined iiiwitli intend fervor, and the sec-no was remarkable for the earnest enthusiasm displayed. In the evening the attendance was so" lar^ that an overflow meeting had to 1>6 held-in the Kyrie-strcet Presbyterian Church. The speakers were the Revs. G. C. Grubb, J. M4Neil, J. Ellis, and David, a colored wissionarv. 9 A number of summonses bus been issued against the oecnpiers of certain tobacconists' shops iu Melbourne fur permitting thrir premises to -be used for the purposes of gambling. Tbe summonses trill come on for hearing at the police court on the °4th% inst, ~ 