THE CORK ELECTION. THE return of Mr. Flavin for Cork is a great victory for Ireland and her cause,- though the pleasure it must give a vast majority of Irish Nationalists cannot be altogether unalloyed ; for it is a defeat and a humiliation to a section of their once serried ranks, and there would have been neither contest nor bitterness had none of them eaten of the apple by which they were tempted. But, much as we may regret the occasion for the vacancy, and the circumstances which led up to the seat being contested, we cannot but rejoice at the result of the election. If any additional proof were needed that an overwhelming majority of the Irish people are with the party more commonly than correctly called seceders,' it is supplied by the issue in this case. There is no other constituency in the whole of Ireland in which the prospects of the Parnellites could be considered better. For one of the Dublin divisions their strength might possibly be equal to what it is in Cork, and even that is doubtful; for the shattered party Mr. Redmond is now leading through strife and turmoil to an inglorious ending were assisted by Mr. Parnell's particularly intimate association with Cork as its representative. There were, besides, adventitious circumstances which must have been a help to the late member for Wexford in the desperate effort he made to improve his position as Mr. Parnell's successor, and so raise his political status far above that which his few followers had conferred on him, or he. himself had ever succeeded in attaining. For one thing, Mr. Parnell's death being still an event of recent occurrence, the deep feeling of regret it evoked even amongst those who had been obliged to part from him could have been but little modified by time or reflection, and it is not unreasonable to suppose that it worked in his successor's interest. It is not unlikely to have turned in Mr. Redmond's favour the votes of electors who had taken up a neutral position when the split in the Irish party occurred, and who, before the cause of it passed away, had not made up their minds how to act. It was also decidedly in Mr. Redmond's favour that he was well known as a representative Irishman who had done the National cause good service, and along with that he is a fluent and polished speaker, while Mr. Flavin is a plain man of the world, who possesses no shining intellectual gifts,, and had nothing to. rlsSrnmend him but his anti-Parnellisiii' and an unblemished reputation. Mr. Redmond's advantages in the contest were many; and his only disadvantage was Iiis espousal of Mir. Parnell's pretensions.. Mr. Flavin's disadvantages w0re numerous, and, as we have already j sh«wrij his only recom- mendations were a good character and his repudiation of Parnellism. Yet-he gained an overwhelming victory over the strongest champion of Parnellism. It is now seen how vain-glorious Mr. 'Parneli was when he avowed himself ready to resign his seat for Cork and contest the constituency against any of 'his opponents, and how much wiser he had become when he declined to abide by his challenge when it was taken up. What Mr. Parneli had not the courage to dp Mr. Redmond dared, and the result of his presumption and rashness brings the young gentleman's quixotism into contrast with Mr. Parnell's shrewdness. Nevertheless, the comparison is in some respects favourable to the yeunger man and less seasoned politician, unless it be, as some suspect, that Mr. Redmond courted defeat as a good means of opening for himself a door by which he could retreat from a very shaky position to which there is neither honour nor profit attached, Mr. Flavin's victory will not, under any circumstances, prove a barren one to the National cause or the party he represented ; but as we write it is still undetermined whether it will yield the full fruit that might be expected from it. In any case, it will go far towards convincing obstinate sceptics,, both at home and abroad, of a truth that has long been palpable to reasonable and receptive minds, ani will thus tend to still further weaken the worshippers of the discredited Parnellite cult. „ But if those who professed to see an unavowed motive in Mr. Redmond's hopeless proceeding were at- fault in their judgment, and that really clever young gentleman does not avail himself of the fair opportunity his defeat affords him of going over to the majority with the honours of war, then Mr. Flavin's victory will not be fruitful of all the . good the country should reap from it. The spirited, though foolish, action of the late member for Wexford offers a splendid opportunity for bringing about a reconciliation between the two divisions of the National party, and from that view of the case we more especially rejoice at the result of the Cork election. It is no pleasure to us that Mr. Redmond has been humiliated, or that further disgrace has been brought on the deserters who have paid him that rather equivocal compliment which appears to have turned his head. We rejoice over the victory purely and exclusively on National grounds. We rejoice over it because it shows that the combined. enemies and disaffected friends of Ireland are not numerically as strong as the National party, of which Mr. Justin M'Carthy is the leader. We rejoice over it because it holds out a promise of reconciliation, and because the polling makes it clear that the Unionists of Cork, who were once numerous enough to be of some ; account politically, are now reduced to impotence, and are fast disappearing from the scene, withering up like an ugly wart on a fair and healthy body. Finally, we rejoice at the result because it makes it clear that if the infatuated men composing the minority of the Irish representation persist in adhering to Parnellism in its lifeless and mouldering condition, the constituencies will, at the earliest opportunity, treat them as the electors of Cork have treated Mr. Redmond. When Cork — " Rebel Cork"—thus acted towards the man and the'party whom James Stephens and John O'Leary so warmly supported, there is not, we should say, much hope that the hill-side men, to whom Mr. Parneli appealed, will much favour that gcntlemian's followers, who have nothing but Ms reputation to excuse their perversity. As the ghost of the Young Ireland party raised in Dublin did not walk to Cork, or, if it did, did not succeed in casting a spell over the electors, can it be doubted that if the Parnellite members of the Irish Parliamentary party do not, accept the verdict of Cork as that of Irda^diiheir fate will shortly he that of thek-Jftader, and that when they fall there wUI be not one ! strong %md to hdp? rise again? •..'^curAofiirbring them io 3 total t^md * 'Sfc&KdiSfc; p^iticd'percUifidn itilih^ew'Miite.,,:. 