THE COUNTY ELECTION. Ar the nominations to.day of candidates for the representation of Northumberland, the three old members will be proposed, and two now aspirants to Parliamentary honours, viz., Mr. JAms ToaxnsoN, chairman of the Hunter River Miners' Association, and Mr. ALFRED EDDEN, who is engaged in mining pursuits, and also is Mayor of Adametown. Both candidates are Ibcal men, and staunch Protectionists, and they will therefore be dangerous rivals to two of the old members. Payment of members is very quiokly bringing about what was expected of it. When the subject was first mooteod, many members of Parliament took it up because their con otituents put it forward as a test question, and they willingly concurredin the establish. ment of a system which, in prospect, ap. peared harmless to them. When the matter camo to the vote they wore bound, of course, to favour i~ in accordance. with their oft- ropeated arguments from many platforms; but few considered that in ;tho very first Parliament after the passing of the measure auch a crowd of candidates would have come forward to serve their country facilitated es was this sacred duty by the Parliamentary allowance and a free pass over railways and trams. Yet such is the oase; and many ox-members are now inclined to confess that the arguments in favour of pay ment of members are now not so clear and convincing as they formerly seemed. To those who are cannidates these considerations will be as sound as ever they sere, and they will naturally favour a system by which poor men, representative of the community, and knowing intimately the wants and aspirations of their neighbours and fellow-citizens, will be placed in a position to represent these in the State legislature, without anxiety regarding their subsistence and that of their wives and childeen. It is hoped that the Northumberland electors will make a good choice out of the five candidates who are offering themselves for election. We were going to eay six, as Mr. LESINrA is also in the field ; but, after his statement at Lambton the other night that he had not a "ghost of a show " for the county, the Northumberland electors will fail to see the necessity of the Freetrado bann% being again lifted in a constituency in which already so many tempests have whirled around it. 