THE CUP CARNIVAL j « i AUSTRALIA'S HOLIDAY. A Look Backward. By Early Bird. If Batman,, or even the more recently do- ceased John Pascoe Fawkner, wore restored to life and placed on the luivnat Flemington on Cup Day, lie would Bee more people than ho ever saw in his life before. And when ho had done rubbing his eyes and thoroughly satisfying himself that lie was awake, and not dreaming, ho would probably be the most astonished inun in tho southern hemi sphere. And no wonder. A man who had never been dead, and who had been used to the hum aud bustle of large cities all his life, who had corns on his elbows from crowding his way through largo congregations at public places, and wus not entirely unused to being crushed until his breathing apparatus gave tokeiiB of suspending operations, would own wil lingly that the gathering at Flemington was about as large a one as he had evor hoped to see until after lie became a ghost. There is little doubt that more people are present on OtJP day at flemington i/uuii uiaeiiu any omer race meeting at any time in any pare of the world. The English Derby has been credited with an attendance of u quarter of a million, but whether the total of writhiiig, struggling humauity which witnessed the struggle for the blue riband on Epsom racecourse ever reached these figures has not been proved, und of late years tlie press has admitted that whatever the muster may have been on Derby Days gone by, it has not approuched within telephoning (lis-' tance of 2DU,UOO within the memory of men who are young enough to mount a horse without the aid of u stcpladder. Cup Day is admittedly Australia's grand nutionul holiday, foreveiy inan who can by book or crook manage to get to the scene of tlie contest goes to see tlie giout race run olf, and apparently takes as much interest in some one or other of tlie competitors as if the animal were his own exclusive property, running in his interest for his money, and racing with but one object — that of seeing i. im through and enriching luni to the extent of more or less money, and just as he happened to be it plunger, who started with the intention of breaking the ring, ora punter who considered a hundred or two a big win, und would be satisfied with a fiver if he hud not taken the odds to any heavier extent. Austruliaue have been described by recent visitors to tlie country aB IRRELIGIOUS AND PROFANE, and profoundly devoted to tlie god of sport. The first two charges against the people aro point blank denied, but we must plead guilty in a minor degree to the last. Whether it is tho air we breathe, which is purer than that of many other countries, or the meat we eat, which is- fatter and more strengthening, or the freedom we enjoy und the opportunities presented for the gratifi cation of any love of sport which may developjitself, it is certain that the genuine Australian boy a man is at heart a sports man, and would sponer see a ood liiiisn of a boatracc, a footrace, a boxing match, or a Melbourne Cup than participate in any in tellectual struggle which would tend to make him personally famous amongst men, and cuuse his name to oe handed down to posterity in company with those of tho brainy giants who lived and live in other lands. The moral effect of the at dent love of sport on our people may he disastrous later on, but, so far, it has not operated in such a manner as to keep us very far back in the procession which humanity generally is making towards a goal which is not reached "by any individual inhabitant of the earth until ho is laid in it. Each year, with monotonous persistence after the Cup carnival is over— when politics are exciting no great attention and sensations generally are scarce, the editors of the leading papers point regretfully to the f ict that the youth of the nation is de veloping bruwn at the expence of brain, and cultivating its muscle rather than its mind. But no one notices this Kind of thing or re gards it as in any way a suggestion that sport should he nf.olected. . With a view to establishing the long haired, pale-faced student in tlie land in tiio p ace of the close-cropped, broad-shouldered, burly athlete who lives in the open und thanks Providence that lie cun roud, write and cypher and speak his mother tongue with such a judicious disposition of aspirates and final g's that' his utterances will not botiay his English origin. It is not unsatis factory that this is so. A young nation, like a growing lad, must not he mentally vigorous and piiysieaily weak if it is pos sible to prevent it. And ut the same time, it may be remarked, that tho percentage of highly educated men in Australia is at the present time, in comparison with the population, greater than that of England, a fact which the critics above referred to would do well to consider when uguiu inclined to libel and malign ub. Wo are told by our own people, hundreds who really believe what tney say, that the con sequence of the unrestrained passion for sport, to which Australians generally yield themselves so completely, is disaster and ruin to thousands of promising young men, and if a bank cleilc or trusted agent leaves his office, but leavce little else which is portable, and departs without beat of drum to another clime ufter a big ruce meeeting, his downfall is debited to the evil influences of tne racecourse and the temptations placed in his way by bookmakers and otiier sinful persons. But experience bus taught us thut it is the good bunk clerk and agent who goes wrong — tho man who looks upon a jo key as a thin, limber child of wrath, and regards a horse- trainer. if he knows ono when ho sees him. as an advance ageut of the arch-enemy of manklud. Tlie bad young man docs not go astray to any -great extent. It may be thut ho does not have tho opportunity, or it may be that in hiu strong animal vigor lie despises sneaking dis honesty, but, whatever it ie that keeps him straight in this country, the man who sports and plays and enjoys life rarely goes to tho bad. Moralising on Cup Day is a good deal like warning a legless man against ilio sin of dancing. It has no more effect than a mustard plaster would have on the chest of a graven image, aud may be considered us equally useless. In tho city of Melbourne on that day after noon until cvoning there is very little in tho way of excitement, and comparatively no business is done. But prior to that I It is still an open question whethor peoplo begin to leave Melbourne for Flemington tlie night beforo the Cup is run or before tho dawn of duy. Some probably sleep on the course, so as to be there early ; but during the whole of tho night the city is awake and on tho move, and by dawn vehicles of every description are cn route to tlie track. Some of these conveyances aro of modern design, others aro comparatively ancient, while not a few are as old- fashioned us a lady's lust year's bonnet, and just ubout as well suited to tlie company they aic likely to find themselves in later 011 as a crinoline would bo to a lawn costume of to-day. But the same old and battered vehicles aro seen on the way to the course, drawn by tlie same, or a similar knock- knucd, wind-galled, spavined old moke eyery year, and carry in thoir interior generally tho plant of the sharper and his tals, who firmly believe that a mug is born ovory minute, und thut tho racecourse is tho placo where lio is to be found in all his glory. These people get to tlie course, or near it, early, for tney know that tho harvost will bo lioh, aud tho reapers by no moans BCarco. They are the oarly birds, who are on hand when the worm makes his appearance, and they eet him. Later in the niorning, but still before day ha.3 fairly dawned, tho von- d . 11 of various small goods are on their way to the convincing ground, and then on till nearly 110011 cabs, eurts, carriages, dog- carts, drags and other vehicles are dashing through tho streets to the station, while from every suburb tho tram- . cars in a long nnd apparently endless procession are making citywards, all crowded with caper well-dressed holiday makers out for tho day and hound to sec i the run for the Cup, and also to see every other race on the bill. Oil tho ground by noon thero aro sixty or seventy thousand peoplo, and before the first race starts nearly as many more arrive. Crowded drugs and cuaches, four-horsed with three-quarter bred animals, and driven by men well-known in the business and social circles of the city, bring in their quota of gaily-dressed women und faultlessly attired men ; and at 2 o'clock flemington on cup DAY may be seen in all ils unrivalled glory— a picture on which it is permitted to gaze only once a year, and such a picture as is not presonted anywhere else in the wide world at any given time. It is the suino old scene in tho same old setting, for nature is not partiul to new mountings for her pictures, and though urt adds auxiliary effects each season, in the main the tout onsomblo is much the same, hut that tho attendance is greater as it has beou any time in the last 10 years. On the lawn tho ladies dressed in expen sive costumes, the cost of anyone of which would keep a workingman's family for a twelvemonth, move gracefully about to see and to be seen. In the stand thousands are seated, who intend to rcmuin seated for the day. The hill and ilut are thronged, people arc packed together like uppicB in -a case, with room enough to stand butscarcely room enough to move. Across therivernre thousands who do not desire, for various reasons, to be mixed with tho multitude, wiiilo in the tops of tho few dead trees still standing hoys aro perched who watch tho proceedings with as much interest as if on the result hung their present fortunes and their future fate. Cup Day is an eBBeutiully Australian institution.' It is liko nothing else, the scene could only he presented buneuth a southern sky and in a sunny souihern setting, und hut one thing is ever absent to make it the most delightful day of the whole long year to visitors, and that is— the knowledge beforehand of which they will ha possessed when the numbers are show after the Cup is finished. The Melbourne Cup to be run to-morrow will lie tlie 31st that has been witnessed. Each year brings its additional importance, ami tiie one under consideration is quite as much thought of und Bpnken about as any of ils predecessors, i'ho V.R.C., under whose banner it is conducted, bus gone along with the times, if not before tliein, and tlie value of the prizo, considerably over £10,()U0 to the winner, makes it the richest handicap in tho world, Tuesday is a public holiday in Melbourne, and when the bell rings tiie horses to the post fur the Hurdle Race it may confidently be expected that fully 200,000 peoplo will be assembled. Tlie initial Cup saw iigtit in tho year 1801, and wus won by Mr. E. Do Mestre's bay horse Archer, carrying 9st. 711)., aud ridden by Cutts. As illustrating how lime lias improved it may bo worth while to mention that it took Archer 3inin. G2sec. to covor tho two miles, -while with 121b. more in tho Bttddlo Carbine ran it in 3min. 283uc. Archer was successful again tho following yea." when he carried lOst. 21b., Cutis being again in the saddle. He was by Tim VVIiifiler — Maid of the Oaks, but nothing of any note over sprang from his loins. In 18G3 Baukor, by Bniardo — Jeanette with the feather-weight of 5st. 41b. (Chifl'ney) placed the Cup to Mr. J. R. Harper's credit. Boiardo likewise gave us Barivon and Oraflainmej two Derby winners, tho first in 1SG2 and the last in 1803, and lator on in 1870 he was ugain credited with Florence in the same race. On tho next occasion, 1SG4, Lantern, by Muscavado annexed tho Derby and Cup. In the racu for the blue riband lio carried weight for age, yz., 83t. 10ib,, but in the Cup lie was allotted Gst. 3ib., and was steered by Davis, tho tima occupied being 3min. 52aec, Mr. C. B. Marshall's grey gelding Toryboy was I tho hero of 1865 with 7st, Toryboy won four lengths in 3min. 44scc. Old- lime race course frequenters will never forget I860 (The Barb's year) a horse quite as much thought of in those days as as Carbine is now. The black demon, as he was termed, was by Sir (Iercules from Young Guliraro, and an undeniably great horse. 'The colonial Tim Whiffler, by New Warrior — Cinderella, favored Mr. Dc Mestre with his third victory in 1867, the late Johnny Driseoll having the mount, doing the distance in 3min. 3ffsec. Up till thi3 time 3min. 40scc. had never been broken ; but in the next two years, 1808 and 18U9, Glencoe, by Lord of the Hills— Queen of Clubs, and a bay gelding, Warrior, by New Warrior, resorted to the old style ; the former occupying 3iniu. 42scc. and the latter Jmin. 40sec in compassing the distance. Prior to tiio race of 1870 a peculiar thing happened. Nimblefoot, by Panic— Quick step, was owned by Mr. W. Craig, and a fortnight before the raue ho dreamt ho saw the Cup run, and that a horse carrying a jockey with a crape hand on his arm won. At this time Craig was in good health, but he died suddenly, and his executors euused Nimblefoot to start, und his riuer, u ay, roue wn.11 a 01 ape nana. Craig, however, did not dream that it wus his own horse, und so little did lie think of Lis chance that he only had ono wugcr ubout him, a thousand pounds to a lew drinks or cigars, and after tlie race was over tho wager was duly paid to iiis widow. The second and third horses were Romula and Irish King, The late Mr. John Tait was successful on tho next two occasions with The Pearl and 'J'ho Quack, tho former by New Warrior — Ida, and the latter by Peter Wilkins out of Nimblefoot's dam, Quickstep. Kavanagh rodo The Pearl and Underson The Quack, The Bcnsational horse of 1873 was Dor, Juan, by Lucifer— Levity. At that time Joe Thompson wus a fairly wealthy man, and he piled no end of money on Don Juan. He won with con summate ease, and Thompson is reported to have cleared something like £40,000. To commoinoruto the occasion ho built a mansion and called it ufter the horse that did him such a good turn. Don Juan did not loug survive his victory, us he died shortly after, and a post-mortem examination revealed the fact that ho had broken an internal bloodvessel. Dagwortli, by Yattendon — Nutcut, and trained by Mr. De Mestre, finished second, and Horatio, that gentleman's own property, third. For tho third time, 1874, the cup was won by a gelding. On that occasion Haricot, by Ladylike — Saucepan, being the winner. Woilomni, by Ace of Clubs— Fleur-de- Lis, annexed it in 1875, with Richmond and Guldabrough filling tho other two places. The only mure thut has ever been successful wub BrisciB, by Time; Whilllcr (imp.) — Musi- dora. This was in 1870. In 1877 Chester, by Yattendon- Lady Chester, pulled it off for the late Hon. James White ; and in tho succeeding year Mr. De Mestre again popped up with Culaniia, by Muribyruong— Luna. Darriwell, by Tim Whifller (imp,) — Norma, defeated Swcutmeut, the pro perty of Mr. Thomas Ivory, in 1879\. Then came tho unbeaten Grand Flaneur's turn in 1880. He is by Yatten don— First Lady, and his old opponent, Pro gress, wus a length away second. By-tlie- way, it is fair to say that Grand Flaneur is the only hursc that has ever won this raeo who has sired a winner, Bravo being that exception. Zulu, a cripple, in 1881 started at £100 to £1, and got home, being ridden by Gongh. The Assyrian, by Countryman — Tiniinder, was declined victorious in 1882. For tho Caulfield Cup that year ho was highly thought of, bur rail so wretchedly bad that little wub thought of his cbarcc, and any prico could be had about him. Tiio day was vory wot, and he ran in shoes, which fact is attributed to his success. In 1883 Martini-Henri, by Musket — Sylvia, placed tho second Cup on tiio Hon. Jamos White's sideboard, First Wator, tho | second horse, was buoked for £200,000, and had he got homo tho ring would havo received a knock that would have prevented somo of the mombers from coming up to time, St. Albans produced tho next brace o w.i.nsrs i : Ma un and Shtct Anchor, the lormcr from Udella and tho latter from Queen Mary. Then came Arsenal in 1880. He is bv Goldabrnngh — Powfier. Dnnlop, by Ne, kcrsgat— Etta, broke all previous records 111 1887, wuou ho ran the disiauco in 3min. 2Stsec,, Silveriniuc, who was third, tho previous year, running second, and The Australian Peer third. 1888 was Mentor's year, the son of 8wivellor — Nightmare win ning easily from Tradition in 3min. 30)-cc. Tho mystery of 1889 was Bravo, by Grand Flaneur— Orphan. Somo time previous the 'horse was a fairly good favorite, but rumors to the ctlcci that ho met with an accident caused him to go back a fortnight beforo the race to 1000 to 1, with few takers. On tho eventful day, however, I10 turned up serenely, and won with case from Carbine and Molos, the other two place- getters. Lust year found Carbine, with lOst. 51b.t in front of everything, not only in the race, but as regards record-making, the Musket — Mersey horse putlihg up a quarter of a second better than Dunlop, with Highborn und Correze taking awsy second and third lionois. New Warrior sired threo winners ; William Tell, Yattendon, Tim Whiiiier, St. Alhuns, and Musket, two each ; and Boiardo, Muscovudo, VV'allarton, Sir Hercules, Lord of tho Hills, Fanio, Poter Wilkins, Lucifor, Lady Kirk, Aeo of Clubs, Muribyrnoiig, Barbariau, Countryman, Guldabrough, Neckersgat, Swivcder and Grand Flaneur, 0110 each. Following aro tho winning riders : — Cutts, 2 ; Davis, 2 ; Kavanugh, 2; Pigoti, 2; O'Brien, 2; and Chiffney, Driseoll, Stanley, Morrison, Duy, liudorson, Wilson, Batty, St. Albans, Brown, Cracknull, Halas, Gough, Hurchins, WilliuuiBon, Robertson, Knglidh, Saunders, Anwin, and Ramage, 1. . Following are tho probable . starters and jockeys : — -j 1 a Horse and Age. .1? Pedigree Jockey, st. lb. Tirailleur, Gyr. 9 C Musket — Flor ence M'Carthy W. White Megaphone, 4yr. 9 2 Ncwbold-Nonfid itamage Highborn, Syr.. 9 1 Grandmaster — Her Ladyship J. Gough Gnnroo, Gyr. .. 8 11 St Albans— Athena .. W. Morrison Correze, 4yr. ..8 9 Ncwininstcr — Uuida .. M. Harris Sir William, Gyr 8 7 Sir Modrcd— Vesper .. J. Fielder Oreygown, 4yr. 8 7 Vespasian -Grey Kepcranco .. E. Llnnegar \vi, u n o. . 1 0 1'iiituuiuii o v at. niiiaiiH— Curlew . . C. Mooro Malvolio. 4yr... 8 4 Malim — Madcap O. Rcdfenrn Paris, 4yr« ,,8 2 Grandmaster — j Knone D. Colloy Annesloy, 4yr. 8 2 »S'ecktrfjj<at«A<i.i.E, Power Iiyndhurtsi, aged 8 2 Westminster — Linnet .. D. Bowes King Olaf, fiyr. 8 1 dp.eudor— Evan- gc ino _ iL Ryan Muriel, Gyr. 8 0 Klngwbrough — Washed Aiiioru J. Dclancy Prelude, 4yr, 7 11 Mnrttn Henry— i'hiilma .. — Lltigaut, 4yr. 7 11 Mart ni-lienry — Leone .. J, Anwin Coblmm, 4yr. 7 11" Grand flaneur— iiel.e ot Cob'in M. Gallophor Galling, 4yr. 7 10 Nordenf 2db — Petroieufie .. E. O'Keelfe Stromboii, Syr, 7 D Cheater— Etna E. Huxley The Tyler, 6yr.. 7 8 Grandmaster — Korio of Kent E. Schaffe Yowl, Gyr. ,.7 7 Melbourne — Yel eiia .. J. Chaafe Oxide, 3yr. 7 0 Sardonyx — Geruldino .. T. Nerrikcr Ronald, Gyr. ..7 0 Sardonyx — Ogarita . . T. Drown Dundas (late NcwmiiiHtcr — Newton) 4yr 7 0 Mowerina .. W. Thomas Carrington, Gyr. 7 G Gang Forward— slosi-phinc .. A. Whitty Yarran, Syr. .,7 3 Epigram «.Nollle II. Myers Swordbearer, Syr 7 2 Grandmaster — Co ito .. II. Maybin Lanoer, aged ..7 2 Wchtminstor — Linnctt .. T, Darden Forty Winks, 4yr. ,.7 0 .Somnus-Brenda W. Dclancy Strathinore, 3yr. 7 12 Noideufcldt — Uuida .. H. Custln BelGiorno, Syr. 0 0 Sunrku — Ante oue .. — Aster, 3yr. .. fl lit Newmmster — Ivstul'a .. IL Moran Pigontoo, fiyr. 7 71 St. A bans— Par don ..W.OsVorns Firelock, "Cyr, ..0 8 Musket — Y« terina C. Tower Portsca, 3yr. ..0 7 Ncekersgct — . badv i.ovo'aco Jm. Haves Including 14. b. penalty. . t Including 3,b. pmalty, i Including 71b. penalty. Below will Do luund a tab\o ol provloua wiunerB : — Owner. Winner. g "& Timo < £ st lb hi. s. 1801 Mr. De Mestre.. Archer., G 0 7 3 62 1&U2; .Mr. Do Mestro .. Archer., .. 0 10 2 3 47 1803 Mr. Harper ..Danker.. ..8 & 4 3 44 1804 .Mr. II. Fisher .. Lantern .,8 0 3 3 62 1 BOG Mr. Marshall ..Toryboy .. a 7 0 8 44 1800 Mr. J. Tait . . Tho Barb . . U 0 lit 3 43 1807 Mr. Do Meatre .. Tim Whifller .. G 8 11 3 33 1808 Mr. Tait ..Olencoa ..4 0 13 42 1800 Mr. Saqui ..Warrior ... 0 8 10 3 40 1870 .Mr. W. Craig ..Nimblefoot .. a 0 3 3 37 1871 Mr. J. Tait ..The Pearl .. G 7 3" 3 30 1872 Mr. J. Tait ..The Ouock .. 0 7 10 3 30 1873 Mr. W. Johnson Don Juan .. 4 0 12 3 30 1874 Mr. A. Chlrnridt: Haricot 4 0 7 3 374 l876iMr. Sharp ..Wollomai ..0 7 8 3 38 1870 Mr. J. Wilson .. Hrisels .. ,.3 0 4 3 304 1877 Mr. J. While ..Chester .. 3 0 12 3 334 1878 Mr. De Mestre.. Culamia .. 6 8 2 3 364 187U|Mr. Kbwlimon Darriwell . . f> 7 4 3 3Uj 1880 Mr. W. Long .. Grand Flaneur 3 0 10 3 34i 1881 Mr. O. M'Dona d Xulu .. .. 4 5 10 3 324 1882 Mr. J. E. Savill The Assyrian.. 6 7 13' 3 40 l883iIon.il. White,. Martini-Henry 3 7 6 3 304 188ljMr. J. O. Iuglis Malun .. .. 5 0 0 3 314 1885|Mr M. Loughlin Sheet Anchor., a 7 11 3 204 1880 Mr, W. Gannon Arsenal ..4 7 6? 3 31 1887 Mr. It. Donovan Dunioti ..6 8 3a 3 234 1888)Mr. D. S, Wallace Mentor.. ..4 8 3 3 80 'j lBBOjMr. W. T. Jones Druvo .. .. fl 8 7 3 324 l&OOjMr.; D. S. Wallace-Carbine .. 6 10_ 5 3Ji8j Including 31b, penalty, t Including 2lb. over. ? Including lib. over, a Including Gib. penalty. 