Tns Indian troubles which are now distracting the South Dakota territory indicate one of tbe closing scenes in & great Natio&al; drama, and it is to be bitterly regretted tbat it does not present the men of our own race and color ia a leas unfavorable light. The pt-ef-eut outbreak is by no means an) unexpected one, since for moDtVis past there have been significant portents of the approaching disturbance. The Sioux are the tribe which, from tbeir( number and warlike instinct?, havo of late years given tbe States Government the greatest amount of concern, and not entirely because of Indian delin quencies. Constituting a great' con- federacy of tribes, tbey at one time occupied a vast extent of territory on both sidos of tbe Missi&ippi; ; and in the inevitable conflict with tbe whiteF, though steadily driven bock, .they proved tbemselvefi i-nemicH — and often victorious enemies — worthy of all i cspect for their conspicuous bravery. In coming to terms with (bom tho usual course of Indian policy was adopted, by an expenditure of lavish promise which tid- d over present difli cultie?, and by the violation of which was sown the seed of future trouble*. By mutual consent reservations were allotted to them which they wore assured f-hould bs theirs M whilo tho .«iun roue , while grass grew, aud water ran,' and tho faith kept with thom is atte ted by tbe fact that between 1815 and 1855 bo less than ten trarties~were executed) by oach of which the Sioux were shorn of future territory. As one result of these constant aggressions the tribe went on tbe warpath ih 1662, when the North aud South were en gaged in deadly conflict, and committed frightful atrocities among the scattered farming population of Minnesota. The unfortunate settlers were visited vrtviu nu iue milium in mqmn warfare, and men, women, and children were slaughtered and sctiped. according to the ruthless wont of their savage adversaries. The latest date at which the trib-- attracted atten tion was when, in 1875, a military ex pedition was sent against them tod Sitting Bull so completely out-g^neralied Colonel Custer on the Little Horn tbat the cavalry command of the latter was utterly exterminated, avtd there was a tempemjof execration aroused by the ' inhuman massacre.' To bUme the whites for these Incessant outbreaks wema to be but adopting tho canting 'one of those . mock philanthropist® who can only see in such„confliots a white aggressor and & colored victim. I this matter, however, there is on to oordthe official report of General Pope, : that in so outbreak be had investigated were the Indians the firat -offenders, ' Qross outrages, knavery on the ' part of the Government agenjp, and hot; (in frequently deliberate proyocatiou from those who hoped to profit by the plunder of the Indian*,' herds of horses, or by tbe contracts to supply tbe troops with provisions, aro,' says a rrcenfc ' correspondent of the London Standard, ' among the princi pal causes which have lit up the frontier frith tbe blaze oF huttsos fired by Indians on tho war path With respect to tho premonitory feigns of the present outbreak there has been mucht disquietude for some time pist over (be *' Messiah craz-a' which has broken put among the tribes — a rehgiousianaticisin -' which has for its base the expected early advent of an Indian Messiah who will help them to exterminate the whites. The superstition has been accompanied by ' ghost dances,' which the Government Agents have. iofcer uiuumj, ttuu ui mu aibooeaience oi mis, interdict the rebellious intent was first manifested. Complaints have also been made by the TtuKw?^ of milihpyy aggression on the reserves, and undue interference with Indian aftairs, and it is feared that the disaffection is so , widespread that the end will mean but ! little less than the extinction of the allied tribes. No other result can follow the revolt of 30,000 against 60,000,000, and how ruthlessly ' the pnooess of extermination Thas been oommenoed the telegrams to 'hand abundantly testify. That the.; retri bution which followed the .fifpt hostile attack upon the settlers shpuld have , been prompt and henvy -Jtvas .bat natural and judicious. In the attempt of the captives to escape ?which te. salted in , their deciznaflph and the ddath of Sitting Bull, a man familiar wito trontier hghtanp, may read a common and not ^at nli ^xjmes .a creditable inoidept^* ^But * ip j the slaughter detailed -under date of tbe 30th ult., there is— ^if the u^sage i-e correct — a summary of most foul si )d brutal massacre. It is stated that 100 Indians who were being disarmed suddenly attacked 500 cavalry and killed 20, whereupon the white savages, with superior malignity, foil on tho Indian camp and slaughtered tbe whole lot, two-thirds being women And chil dren, while of tiie entire camp only six infants escaped. Such a record stamps the butcher regiment with indelible disgrace. When Sitting Bull surpiibed Ouster's command and cut it to pieces, his braves fell on armed men who] were seeking them out 'with hostile intent, and who simply met with the'1 fortunes of war. Yet, who. is . there who cannot remember the.. howl of. indignation that taqse oyer this ' most inhuman faass-ibre ?' When -does it happen that Hafciv© 'troops achieve s slight success over European Boldi'rosnthout evoking similar exclamation ? Yet here is a oa*e in which women and children 'ere butchered in hundreds by white soldiers , wtio outnumbered their entire count at least two to ono, and &ot; only is the tigly word massacre strictly avoided, but scarcely a line has been written in | Enunciation of such fiendish fe&otitty.; 1 That the Sioux, the -Shoshone, the Cheyenne, and the other tribes inoludod , in the . Confederacy will be well nigh exterminated before this trouble ends is highly probable ; but if they are to be succeeded on their reservation 'by the .men who have thus commenced the work, humanity will -profit little by the -substitution of white savages for red one?. In a*o*cer co'umn tppears an ad«rerti e. mfnt thanking the owner of a house in ! Blirahetb-s'reet for haviog, on the repre- i sentaiion of a number of residents, evicted | tenants who bad turned the house into { one of UJ-fome. For a long time residents j in the nt ighborhood in question have com* I gained bitteily of the manner in which j i pome of the houses in this locality are coo- | | ducted, 'i hey are the resort of the ; l^rhAracters,. and -acenes of a' Jnost dis Wp'ujiablfl nature are of constant *qccot~ ijtixoe.' finding that.no redreca cotAd be vbtoineQ frbpi in^-polfce or the Municipal Council a number of residents in the in vested locality petitioned the owners of some of the houses which harbored objec tionable characters on the subject, with the result that the tenants hive b-en evicted — to open a similar establishment in some I other locality, and to force their unwel- j ch'^ie presence !n some other neigblo-hood. I i Toe owners of some of the other houses complained of decline to interfere in the 1 matter. Bbnrvolent Soorsxr. — the '--weekly meeting of the executive committee of the benevolent Society was held at tbe Mayor'e room, Town Ha'l, yesterday. There were present -Meeers J. Stephenson (chairman), W. R. Barwood, T Glad man (treasurer), B. P' Farrelly, J 1C lie, J. T. Farmri \ O. Wtlkins, A W. Birchall, iL Tvs'd, and G. Baker - acting sreretary) Four persons were reported to have beau relieved, during the past week. The case of a glil, referred to the society by Mrs Soltau, was c^n sfdered Mr Birwood thought that if Mrs Scl'au, who had a htm-» established for re ceiving such cases, tejected the girl, tbe committee cou'd have so cr-mpuneiicn in al*o doinp fo Mr BirchaU strongly epposed tbe committre taking any 6t«p in tbe matter, and ultimately it was decided to ask Mrs Soltau to - t-pty to tbe Adoainis *rator of Chiri^ible Grants. The chtiirman Trfad a etntfmmt Kho^iug ihat the follow ing rations had been i*eu-d duriup th« Christmas and ne«- y^ar w h\s: ? Bread, '21121b; and su^t, 10065b; fl .ur, 4331b; sugar, 4401b; tea, currants, 1241b; raisins, 1211b , *pic*». J67- z. The foJIowinp donations were Bcknowlt»Jgft(5: — £1 lw Aldermon Pan'on; and 15s 5d. ?'r If. A Percy, fiecreUry to the ricen* ct^-ns' ball. Account anooun'ins to £98 6s 10d whw panned for payment. The ac'.iny «ecre?ary intimated that th« spcri-ta-yf Mr Fraser,' was again unwell uud onttn^i to bis room, and th's being all the bUdinsss the committee adjourned. P &bsbtt;£ ai an Chctrch.— A correspon dent reports : —The Presbytery t f Launces ton mit in St. Andrew's School room on the 4Hh inst. Prepent— The Rsvs. D. A M'Dougftll (Moderator), fi. C T-nnent, H. S. Anderson, J. Lyle, J. Russell (clerk); and Messrs. J. Storemont and J, Rirkaidy (elders) The meeting was opened with prayer, and tbe minutes of the previous meetiog read and confirmed. The Revs. Branton and Rattery being present were associated. Commissions appointing Messrs A Bar ley, John Taylor, and John Ssore mont to repress tbe P/e*bytery and Synod at Evandale, Kirkl'.nds, Gpping, and Campbti] Town respectively were laid on th« table. As M - M D^ugall's term of office expired, Mr T^noenc was appointed Moderator for Lhn /-,irr^iit. vu, u. H'D'UpaJl reported that at a con^re^a tional mee itg beld at Campbell Town it had been unanimously egre-'l to have Mr MaVin re-eppointed for 1891 at an in creased salary. The Presbytery agreed to recommend Mr Mabin's eppoistmect ac cordingly. A communication re claim against Chudleigh Chnrch was read from Mr Picker. The clerk was instructed to eckooivledge receipts and make further enquiry before next meeting. Mr Anderson applied fur two month* leiTe - f essence from his charge, to commence on February I. On the motion of Mr Lyle, seconded by Mr M'Doogall, the applicatjr.n wa* granted Mr Anttersor1. to be responsible for supply during his absence. Mr of EvandUe. and Mr I). M Kinnon, elder, were appointed to represent the Prevby tery atthemeeting of the Federal Assembly of ths Presbyterian Church of Australia ^ndaeumenia, to beheld inWickham Ter race Church* Brisbane, on July 9. Ait-et transacting otb-»r formal business the Pr- -bytory a^journ^i to meet at livandale on Tuesday, 3rd March, at 3 p.m. Cny Poltcr Cooav. —Messrs. G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., and J«me« Steer, J.P., presided at this Court y* sctrday, A man,' aged 33, was fined 10?, in default fourdajt,' imprie-^nment., for boviog been /?r«nk and i incapable. -Elijah WiiUbire was remanded I tij] Monday next on a charge of having, i along with others, assaulted Georg.» Dennett ' and William Prior on 'he -jti»pn'* WJiarf c-u j Xtnao. Day morning.— Thomas Jonnn plnaded guflf.v to iiavincr used «-b-c^nA Unoimoa j and also to haviog assaulted Constable Bo^( and wr8 sentenced to a wfek's imprison ment for the lin»t cff^nc4», and five week* imprisonment on the second. -W Ihelm Jacob was sent to prison for 10 days for having deserted the barque Peruvian. It was stipntatad tbat should tbe barque sail in tbe meaatime the sai!or might bs put on board. . LAuifcasTOJf Faurr Boasd —The score- j tarjr reports:— A meeting of tbe Launceston Sftruit Board was held on Tuesday evening last, when the rate for the year was fixed at 4b per acre -The secretary reported that several persons had not paid thair rate for fast year, and be was instructed tn sue at once for all outstanding mten. Several accounts were passed for payment. Lokgfobt-.— Our correspondnnt reported yesterday: — rhi Monday evening the so called Indian juggler gave an exhibition of his skill to a tnir audience in tbe Assembly Rooms, hut with one or two exceptions the same tt-Jcka have b-»en done here times without number.— Tbe annual meeting of the parishioners of Christ's Church was held this afternoon, when there was a good attendance, the Rev. fL J. Bdwards in the chair. The stipend and working fojtids showed a slight debit balance, and tbe old .churchwardens, Messrs. A. Whitfeld fmmJs ?ter's warden), A. G Cox, and F. II. Paulden iw^cs re-elecied. The sidesmen, Messrs. T. ?G. Hudson, W. C. Wrigbt, end A. B. :I)l4t«hinsoQ( were also reflected. Votes of thanks were pt«*d to tbe lay readers, ^churchwardens, organist, and choir for their valuable assistance during the past Stear. L '*be Editor of tbe Medical Annual pp^aka in tbe highest terms of Cadbdby*b ? Cocoa as a beverage and a food for in- ( *alids oo nccount of ita absolute purity high quality, and great solubility ; and I counsels the Medical Profession to remem- j her, in recommending Cocoa, that tbe name f'adhpry 3-n any packet in a guarantee of i MRS LANGTRf. I have much pleasure in stating tbat I I bave nsed your Soap for some time, and prefer it to any other.' (Si?ne-r) \asaj.* Laptoths'. Ppnrs' So%p for the Toilet end Nurfitry, spedaliy prepared ror the delicate ; skin or ladies and children, and othere Feo- ' sitive to the weather, winter or summer. Prevonts redness, roughness, and chapping. Sold everywhere, in tablets and ball*, )s etch, Largs* |)|»S. 6d and & 6d, tCOBia ako xhs Dbuo,^Bj 'the sj. Coogee, which arrived from Mubourns yesterday, Mr Manfred Bote, Uie weU^ known theatrical agent, was a passenger. Mr Rose is the present lessee of the Academy of Music, having secured it for a lengthened season on the understanding that tbe Exhibition would be.open ^t, Christmas tixfce, hut he was fated to a great disappointment. , We understand fro® him, however, that on Saturday neit a_ strong variety troupe, under the direction of -Miss Lime Hastaiiga, will: commeuhe a abort season at the Academy. Ur Dan Barry's Company will immediately /ollow; then Eland Holt's. Compinyi and After wards it Is mora than likely Mr Alfred Dampter will pay us a visit. The L;fctie Hastings ;Company, which Includes that famous Australian barit6he Mr Tom Bergin, are at present performing with success at JJalJarat. , 'Taa Ma&axAH;** Conc^bt. —The man ager of thetlovajumeot fi^UWay intimates 1 by advertisement that in order to ac&om-; 1 modate country residents who may desire to be present at the performance of the ' Messiah,' in the New Pavilion, to-morrow night, a late train .'Will. leave Launceston for Ddloralne and intermediate stations at 11 o'clock. Sandhill Band of Hqph ~ A cor ^respondent reports:— A very successful Band of Hope meeting was held at tbe Sandhill School on Tuesday evening, Mr G. Forward occupying the chair.1 Tae room' was crowded, and some- were 'unable to gain admittance. After reading and prayer the chairman delivered an address, and then called on Miss Nellie Tomer to give a recitation. -- Next came a quintette .Tyr Misses Purse -2), Bum*, and M. and F. Futnees. followed by a recitation by [A. Tattenall. Another hymn having been suor by the audience, Mrs Craik recited ' Buy your own Cherries, frand Mies Evelyn Nicholson gave a sacred -song. The chair man next asked Mr Marshall to deliver an Address, H. Forward following with % reci tation, and Misses C Pasmore and JL Still with a duet. Mr S, Jacob.aoo after this gvve a remtation, and Mis3 ULeltie a %ong (Miss Affleck accompanying on the piano/. After a song by R. Haghes, the meeting was brought to a conclusion by singing the Doxology. Gbnbeax Booth's Colorisation ficffsus. — In a communication forwarded a f»w days ago to the Government* ot the other colonies, the Victorian Premier drew attention (says the Ape) *o tbe colonisation scheme of General Booth, and suggested that it would not be well to allow tbe CfthnmA tn htrniHA mitnvul »ka Australian Governments makiog appb'co tion for information on the subject, and giving, at the Fame time, a friendly end courteous intimation whether or not Aus tralia could accept an immigration of the character proposed to be contemplated. Unofficial information received from Syd ney indicates that Sir H^nry Parkes is dis posed to adopt a l&isteg; /nir'e policy, wh.ht the subjoined letter recei»»-l yeeterday by Mr Munro from Mr P. O. Fyeb, Pr«mier of T^manis, speaks for Itself Premiei's Office, Hobart, 31st December. 1890 — -Sir, - f have tbe houor to acknowledge the re ceipt of your letter of tbe 19tb in *t. with reference to the colonisation echeme of Gener* 1 Boith of theSalvatiotj Army, so fer as it tfl^cts the Australian colonies. Tbe details of tbis scheme aie at present imper fectly known out here, And, I think I may venture to assert, as Jictltf understood ; bui, as tbe General's hioV, 'Darkest England,' may bs shortly expected, and full infotma tiou be thus available, I would suggest the desirability of wailing i'a arrival before discussing the question of a united *ub traiian intimation of the nature you allude to. There miift be taken into consideration ? ho the v*ry much higher rate to be paid for the pissoges of »-migrauts leaving 5n*laud under th«% a\nplc«s ot tbe ^alva 'i^u Army fc thete CsJ 'ntea as compared with the ehirgA* to ihe NTorth American ius^fsa ./is of Greet Britain or to the ?juited S'afp, vhich would naturally direct the choice ot a new home for suoh , reclaimed characters a? may be selected for immigration to the nearer countries. So far as 1 can at present ascertain, the refor mation of criminals, the restoration of the ftocvally depraved, and the rescae of the poverty stricken, together wiih the pre {^redness of such people for the occupa tions of useful cit- 1 «ns, are conditions prior to emigration, and if philanthropic men ; and women corns forward to a6si&t; the General to carry out his purpr se, and aid bis eloquent eff-rts to estatlisb tbese per pie where honest labor and persever* ance may command success i& life, I cannot anticipate that tbe immigration of ?i judiciously limited number to Australia would be rftgtrded by colonists as a portal danger likelr fo refu?t in a 'perpe'ual ^?ound of reproach' againBt our popu'.a Ptbangb Shootxicg- Cass. -A Melbourne vuo luuuwiDg partir.uiflrs res peC.ing a strange case of ' hooting wiih in tent to ki'Uthe ticiiw heinjj a man named Teolon, who was we?i known in Launces ton and the North of Tasmania in connec tion with tbe Fcholafttic profession and the Anglican -'hurcb communion: Oo Satur day morntag a man named Toulon was broufiht into Mildura from Lord Rasrutly's Old Mildnra estate, suffering from a serious cun^bot wound. It appears that TeuJoa had b-en camped on the New South Wales side of tbe river, and about a mile above the homestead. On Friday he noticed two *ioys named D-*akin prowling about tbe tents in tbe vicinity. lie warned them u way, and returned to his tent. During tb-* nifjl.t be felt a stunning blow and lopt a:l conpciousnefs. In the m' rning, when be r-icovered, he found bimself lying in a pool i of blood, with a lacerated wound on his head and left sbouMer He contrived to attract the attention, of the manager, and was brought into town to have bis injuries i nttend^d to. It was found that he had I beeo /I red at by some person standiug near j his held. Tbe charge, a wire cartridge, had gUnced ? ff his temple and penetrated tbe shoulder. Constable Carter, who bad i reason to believe the two lads were con cerned in tbe outrage, weoS is permit, a- d . succeeded in capturing them late in the' evening, '/hey will be brought up at the ' Wentwottb police court to-m rrow mom- j ingoc a chrr#* of sbo^'ing with intent to I kill. Th' in j ar* d man Tr-uJon, who i? vt-ry j much refp9Cied in the noighborhood, is ih«i brother of Cancn Teulon, of CH -hester Cathedral, England. JI^ is now lyiog in the Wentworth ljospitnl, end is in a ki1 precarious state. ' I MONT5T TOB FABjcaRS.— Farmers and others are frequently at a loss to know «-here they may borrow money and repny | tbe same by easy and convenient instal ments It does not euit them to have a \- fixed loan as tbis entails careful sa^g to everpay off, and besides they frequently wish to borrow more than would be lent on a Axed mortpAge. To m«et this very want the &qe7itablb; Buxldino Socibtv under takes to mBke liberal advances either to i wuj «iu|iruve ittrmu, aua arranges ror the I loan to be repaid with interest by annual instalments to fall due after harvest. These may be for any term of years up to fifteen, and when the instalments are all paid, the actual cost to the borrower for interest is very small Then there is a bonus paid to every borrower at tbe end of the term for which the loan was granted. An Ihpo&t-; A17T Pots t is that while the instalments are regularly paid the Society cannot demand repayment of the balance of the loan. Farmers thus know exactly whet they have to pay each yea*. Write for full particulars to the Secretary, Cam^roo street, Launceston. — TAnvij {4 A C»tholio t(»a and a number offp»rUin cooneetion with the Oa'hulic commuuitr cf Deloratne will ba held to-day. A field trial of rrapin/raod bidding- ro«c'i'rfs uoder tbe suipices of the We»teru Aer cul inral Aasociatinn, will be -e'd on the firm cf Mr John Boutobfr, Red Rill, HkrIov. ma paddock new ihe Ha^iry Raitiray Butioa kt 11 (.'oIoaV tnrflito Tlw - allotited to eioh^ competitor ja tboab twn and tbe trial to be judged by a scale of points. B-ue Ribbon tneeUng at tbe \Vh&rt; Minion Hall tbu Avpning. The new tern at Broadlml Hou?? (Mias H -rk, principal ) b-^inti on Monday, arv 20 M ^ St faom!® *-tfr J»nu Bamd of Hope meeting at Primitive fclebbo. diBD tcboulrooro tbi* evening. 