FI PNilAL I:EKCKONING a rAT OP BUBH LIE IN AUSTRALIA. By G. A. HENTY. CHAPTER XVIII.-SrrcLnuo ACcon-r. epbne soon checked the speed of his borse. Aectois as he was to arrive as soon as possible, be might, for anght he knew, yet have occasion t) try the animal to the utmost. and he there fore reduced the almost racing prace at which he had started into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, an.d.for several miles kept up the speoe without fagging. Then they were allowed to ease down iii a walk until they got theirwind again, a then started into the pace, half canter, half gallop which is the usual rate of progression of the colonial horses. They drew rein at last on a alight eminence from which the Donalds' .tation, a mile or so distant, could be per "Thank God," Reuben mouttered to himself, "I am back hero at last. There is no occasion for further hurry," and the horses were allowed to go at an easy walk. Man on horseback," Jim suddenly said, touching Reuben's arm. "Whore-where, Jim P" " Gone from do house, sab, trough dem trees. Dare he go again, lie gallop fast." Reuben had not caught sight of the figure, but he pressed his spors against the horses aides. " 1 will seeoo who it is, at any rate. Jim, do you ride straight on to the house and say I shall be there in a few minutes." As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where his course would Probably intersect that of the horseman riding in the direction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in his mind the thought whether his anlety for Sate Ellison was not making a fool of him. Why should he turn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full speed on the track of this tlirure of which Jim had caught only a glancel It might be a stook man or someone who had ridden over from one of the neighbouring stations to see how Donald was getting on; but even so, he told himself, no harm was done by his assuring himself of that. It was not the way Mr. BUrner would take to his station; had it been a n'ighbour who had come over he would not be likely to leave again so early; neither of ths coustibles would be riding away in deslance of his orders on no account to stir any distance from the house. Presently he caught a glimpse of the horse man. He was not more thuan half a mile away now, but the view he obtained was so instanta neons that he could not distinguish any parti. culare. "He is riding fast, anyhow." he said "faster than a man would travel on ordinary business. He is either a messenger sent on rgent business, or it is Thorne." He slightly altered thodirection of his course, for-the speed at which the horseman was travel hUg must take him ahead of him at the point where Reuben had calculated upon cutting him off.. In a short distance he would get a view of bint, for the trees ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When the figure came clear of the trees he was but a quarter of a mile away. and teuben gave a start, for he recogniseod at once the uniform of his own corps. It could only be one of the men left at Donald's, and, with an exclamation of arger,Reuben pressed his horse to the utmost in pursuit of the man, who was now almost directly ahead, at the same time uttering a loud call. SThe man glanced back, .but to Reuben's surprise, instead of stopping, waved his hand above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Reuben was beside him. What do you mean ?" he thundered out. But the man pointed ahead. " He has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and has shot Browni dead. I will tell youen after wards. There, do you see, sir, over that brow there. - At the moment Reuben sawa figure on horse back rise against the sky- line fully two miles in front. " Ride steadily, Smithson," he said: " keep me in view, and I will keep him. We must overtake him in time, for his horse is carrying double. 1 shall push on, for I am better mounted than you are, and he may try to double and throw us off his traces. If any. thing happens to me don't stop for a moment, but hunt that fellow down to the end.'" Reuben had been holding his horse somewhat in hand during the last mile, for he thought there must be some reason for the constable's strange conduct, but he now let him go, and urgmg him to his full speed, soon left the con stable behind. He knew that for some dis tance ahead the country was flat and unbroken, and that the fugitive would have no chance of concealment which ever way be turned. Upon reaching the spot where he had seen the bush rangerpass the wide plain opened before him, ana he gave a abshout of exultation as he saw that he had ganed considerably. The fugitive, indeed, had evidently not been pressing his horse. " He thinks he has a long journey before him," Reuben muttered. " 1 fancy hoe's mis taken. He thinks he's only got a constable aftac.him, and that he can easty rnd himself of uhim whenever he comes up to him. No doubt he learned from some of the convicts that everyone is away, and therefore thinks himself safe from all pursuit when onco he has wiped out Smithson. Allthe better. I shall over take him all the sooner." Such indeed was the view of the bush ranger, who kept along at a steady cantor, troubling himselt very little about the solitary constable whom he believed to be in pursuit of him. When, indeed, on glancing round he saw that his pursued was within a quarter of a mile of him, he reined in his horse, and turning, calmly awaited his coming. Reuben at once checked the speed of his horse. He knew that the man was said to be a deadly shot with his pistol, but he was con tident in his own skill, for, with constant and assiduous practice, he had attained a marvellons proficiency with hie weapon. But he did not care to rgive his foe the advantage which a man sitting on a steady seat possesses over one sitting in the saddle of a galloping horse; he therefore advanced only at a walk. The bushranger put down the change in speed to: far caused by his resolute attitude, and shouted: "Look here, constable; you had best turn your horse's head and go home again. You know well enough that one constable is no match for me, so you had best rein up before I put a bullet in your head. If you shoot you are jusat as likely to kill the young woman here as you are me, and you know I don't miake any mistake." Reuben was already consciouns of his disad vantage in this respect, for the bushranger held the girl on the saddle in front of him, so that her body completely covered his. She was envelo scd in a shawl which covered her head as we Ias her figure. Her captor hold her tightly pressed to him with his left arm, while his right was free to use a pistol. Reuben checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while he thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thorne, for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed. was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex clamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. " Oh, it's you, isit?" hIsseid; "I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gave is as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on you." " Tour mates will never be down on anyone again, Tom Thorns," leubess said sternly. " We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner." "It's a lie i" thu bush-ranger said furiously. "They are two hundred miles away in the bush." " With your friend hBobitu, eh? Yes they were, but theyaro not now, Thorns. They are lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your treasure; and its I who am going to have heap, not yes. My men will boeup in- a few minutes," and he glanced round at the constable, whom the bush-ronger now perceived for the ilrst tinse less than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the efect they were in tended to excite. They filled the bush ranger with fury and desire vor vengience, while the sight of the approaching constable showed him that unless he took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs to his horse and dashed at Reuben. When within twenty yards he fired. Reubon felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had buen passed across his cheek. Thorno uttered a shout of exultation as he saw him start, but, as he kept his seat, again raised his hand to firs. In an instant Renben discharged his pistol, and the bush ranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Reuben's bullet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burien before him headsong to the ground Thornse drew a pistol with his left hand, aiid the two shots rung out again at al. most the same instant. Reuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the bush-ranger's body, while Thorne's pistol was diverted some what from its aim. and the bullet struck Reuben's loft shoulder instead of his head. In an insstant he had drawn another pistol. " Surrender. or I fire I" and then seeing, by the change in the bushranger's face and by his collapsing figure, that he was badly hic, he waited, still keeptag Thoeme covered with the muzzls, for the buehranger hod a chsrge left in thepistol which he still grasped in his left band. Twice Thorne tried to raise it, but in vain. Then he reeled in the saddle, the pistol drilaped from his hand, and he fell heavily over oes the ground. Reulsen at oncseleped from his horsoend ran to raise Kats Ellison, who lay motionless on the ground as aho had besi thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head he found she was insensible. Kneelin g beside her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped up. "Badly hurt, captain?" he asked as he * Publsed by epeeial arrengement with the author. leaped on his horse, for the blood was srains ting down Renben's face, and his loft arm hung usele s. "Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Elison first. There is some water in my flask in the holster; just bring it here and sprinkle her face. I hope she is only stunned; but that secoundrel threw her off with such foreoo that she may well be badly hurt." "Is he done for, captain'?" the man asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bush. ranger as he proceeded to obey Reuben's in structions; "beeanse if you ain't certain about it, Ihad better put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing 'possum and then turning the tables upon you." "There is no fear of that, Smitheson: he's hard hit. I hope ho's not dead, for I would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was some time before Kate Ellison opened her eves. For a moment she looked vaguely ron, then, as her eyes fell upoen adoben'e face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. What is it, Captain Whitney? Are you badly hurt ?" "hank God you have recovered, Miss Ellison. You began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid you were seriously injured. 1o not look so alarmed. I can assure you I am not much hurt; only a flesh wound, I fancy, in the cheek, and abroken collar- bone." "And you have saved me again, Captain Whitney?" "Yes, thank God, I have had that good for tune," Reuben said quietly, " and this time for good, for Tom Thorne will never molest you again."1 " tag t can't Ido something? Your face is bleeding dreadfully. Please let me bind it up," and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Reuben's face. The constable took off the black silk hand. kerchief which he wore round his neck. " I think, miss, this will make a sling for his arm, and when that is done the captain will be pretty right. Do you think you can ride hack, air?" he asked when he had fastened the handkerchief, ' or will you wait till I ride back to tlhe farm and fetch help ?" "I can ride well enough," Reuben said, trving to rise to his feet, hut he found himself unliable to do so. 'bs ball after breaking his collar-bne hald glanced downwards, ani the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. " No, I don't think I can ride back, Smithson." "There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellison said; "please fetch that. I will stop here with Captain Whitney till you come back." "I think that will be the best way mins," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at once. - It was an hour and a half beforehe returned, bringing the.cart; but before he arrived Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. " I did as you told me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con atables kept a very sharp look~out, and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing uip the breakfastthings with Mmrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He caught me by the wrist and said, 'Come along, it's no use screaming.' Mrs. Barker caught up something aind rushed sit him, but he knocked her down with the butt end of his pistol. Then'he caught up htier shawl, which was lying on this chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me upand carried me out. 1 tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. I heard Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was so muffled up, and hlie held me so tight, that I felt it was ino use to struggle, and I made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still In sensible, till he put me down, and then-I think I intended to try and seize his pistol or to get hold of a knife if there was osne, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. There did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be hack for hours. I sup posed that the constables were shot, and all the menround were away with you; and from the distance you said yon were going, I did not think you could be back for days. Presently I felt him stop and turn his norse, and then when he spoke I knew that he had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impossible; but I could not be sure, because I could not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and 1 suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were." SNo, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Mess Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have got one of them a prinsoner, but all the rest of the gang are killed. The distance iu not quite nso far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march anid two sixties. We attacked thei at daybreak on the third day afterleaving. "But it is only the fourth day to-day, is it not? At least it seemsn so tome." "It isthe fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader of the gang was not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty-four hours before, I was naturally very anxious aboutyou, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So weatarted at once, and, after a shar fight with the blacks, got down in the eveiing to the watorhbole sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the second unight out. Of course the horse I had ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with my black boy on two of the horses which we had taken from the bushrangers. and which had been led solar. We made another forty miles by midnight, ana then halted till daybreak to give the horsed rest, but they were so done up th a morning that we could not get them much beyond a foot pace. Whens we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time." The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her hand on his and said quietly: "Thank you. Then you have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fighets, and all because you were uneasy about me?" LI had, as iou see. rood reason to be uneasy, Miss Ellison' At this moment a horse's hoors were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He had on arring at the itation been unable to obtain any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mm. Barker had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband; but the dead body of the con stable by the door and the disappearance of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after hlia master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden-by Reuben, and until he met the constable retusning he had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so he did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hear after its condlusion. He uttered exciama. tions of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Reuben had been gradually growing faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. Jim, however, had- taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, havingan es to his own comforts as well as to the poasibdity of itabeingrequired. He now knocked oil the neck and poured some into the cup of Reuben's flask and put it to his lips, "Thank you, Jim; that is just what I wanted." " Masea lie down quiet," Jim said, "no good situ p ;" and gatherngf a large bunch of grass heplaced it under Reuben'a head, and Reuben lay quiet ina half dreamy state until Mr. and Mm. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was so stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. araker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. " That's right, my poor clhld " Mms. araker said: "a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue." " I do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems almoEt a miracle." " Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the Sround whenever he'a wanted. Heacems hurt diy. The constable said it was a broken collar-bone, butit must be something a good deal worse than thrat." " Oh. don't say so, Mrs. Barker, after what ho's done for me. If he wereto die" "There, there, don't tremble so, child; we must hope that it is not so bad as that: but he would hardly be looking so bad as he does for onlya broken collar-bono. My husband broke bisone day the hose ran away with him among some trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two. "Ia he badly hurt, do you think, John ?" she inked her husbaud who was kneeling besides Reuben. " I hope not," the settler said. " 1oi Oghlt not tobe like this only from a wound in the collar. bone; but of course it may have glanced downi and done some internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anvthing-the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement." "He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since esetrday t morning," Knto eaid, " and has had two fights besides this. Directly he know that the leader of the bushrangers had escaped he came on by himself "i l they caught the boenrngers. atL they?" Mr. Racrker said joyfully. "I was afraid by his getting back here so soon that they must have missed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong scent. And he has ridden allthe way back, has he ? A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the algnificance of Mr. Rarker's tone. "Don't tease her." his wife said in a low voire. "She is terrbly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ab I what is that?" The interruption wa' caused by a low groan 7 from the fallen buobranger.e "Shoot him dead, esh, Jim, who was a supporting his master's head, exclaimed. Don't let dt follow come 'ive no longer." " I can't do that, Jim," Mr. Bar cer t said, moving towards the fallen man. c "The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber; but he is harml cannot wish he should recover, own sake, for there is enough ga hang him ten times over. fHowpve do what we can for the poor wro So saying he mixed somebrand water in the cup, and pcured it bushranger's lilts. "se it mortal:" Mrs. Barker asked as he re joined her. "I think so," he said; " Ifancy he is shot through the lunge." " You must really sit down, Miss Ellison; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you on our hands just now. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah! here comes the cart." The constable bad put a quantity of straw in the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. "We must take the other too," Mr. Barker said; "the man is alive, andwe can'tleavehim here." "ees," Kate said; "he must go too. He did Reuben a great wrong many years ago. I hope he will confess it before he dies." Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used the young ollicer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Reuben who had been accused of poisoning her father's dog, and of committinga burglary from his house. "You had better get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart; "you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, tihe constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then 1 can look after you, and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak; but before we start 1 must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your saying uo." hei persisted as the girl shook her head.. " 1Ye shall have you fainting before you getbhome if you don't." Kate did as she was ordered.-.:l.ife.Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Renubehn's face. "Oh, Mr. Barker!" the said, "he looks dead. You are not deceiving me, are youe" "Bless me, no I" the settler said cherfully. "My opinion is that ho's dead asleep. The loss of blood, the ensudden re-action after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my opinion is that he is soust nasleep." "Jim, do you lead your master'shorso, while the constable takes the other, and.then you two had better ride on and hole Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a bed up at once for Captain Whitney, and got some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other." - So saying he touched the horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowly on with iMrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on abetnd to have assisted in tihe preparations, but she expected momentarily to see Kato faint, and thought it better to remain with her in case her assiotsuce should be required. The journey oc. cupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the war carefully so as not *o jolt the cart. Mrs.' Barker eudeavoutod to keep Kate's attention tixed by asltirfg her questllons as to what she had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would retutrn. and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a tuile of home eshe raid: "I think, dear, you are looking a little better now. .Iwill ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong tea ready for on That will do wonders " When the cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, and as Kate descended clasped her in a long embrace. "Come stmraight in here, my dear," Mrs. Barker said. " I have got a basin of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero." Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was lifted out and carried into the house, where a bed had been made up for him in a room on the ground floor. "Just lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lie perfectly quiot." "Do you think he is really asleep F" Mrs. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. "Ido,really,"her husband replied. "Put your ear close to his mouth. He is breathisg as quietly as a child, and," he added, placing his ingers on Reuben's wrist, " his pulse is a little fast, but regular and quiet; twventy-four hours of sleep will set him up again, unless I am greatly mistaken. I don't expect that this wound will turn out anything very serious. Let me think. Was it not this afternoon that Ruskin said he would be back again F" "Yes, either yesterday or to-day." "Thatis lucky. Ho will be surprised at find ing two new patients on his hands now. I will go and have a look at that poor wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef-tea; I will pour a spoonful or two between his lips. You had better go and look after Kate. You will not be needed here at present. If your master wakes, Jim, let us know directly," he said to the blacks who had seated himself on the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. "I can't call the poor fellow away from his master," ho added to his wife as he closed the door behind them ; "but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heard the captain tell the buash-ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has in. deed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufliciently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a long time." Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold waterss d the tea had the efleet Mrs. Barker pro dicted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. " How is he?" Mrs. Donald asked. "In my opinion ho's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald; his pulse is quiet and oven, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, and I believe be is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow morning, and Ipredict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe. haved itself, Isee no reason why he shonldn't be p to-morrow." "That isindsed a relief to us both," Mrs. Donald said, while Kate ould only clasp her hands in silent thankfulness.. " And now. how is your husband ? I hope he is none the worse for all this exertion." " He was terribly agitated at first," Mrs. Donald said. "I fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Rate, although, of course, he is as weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before abs started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constablewas off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he wasoccupiedin trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was in bed I broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shst the huebranger." Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the surgeon arrived. He was irst taken in to look at Beubhn, having been told all the circum stances of the case, and he confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep sleep. " I would not wake him on any account," he said; "itis a great effort of nature, and he will, I hope, awakes uitehimself.. Of course I can't say anything anbout the wound till he does. Now for his antagonist." The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words came from his lips. The surteon examitted his wound. "He isehat through the lungs," he said, "and is bteeding unternally. I do nat think there is the shadow of a chance for hiss, and no one can wish it othrewise. It will only save the colony the expense of his trial. And now for my ortginal patient," He was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mix him a soothing dratght from the case of medicines he carried behinsd the saddle. "We must got hin ogi to sleep if we can," he said, " or we shall have him in a high state of fever before mornin . A men in his state can't go through such excitement as lie has done without paytumg the penalty. And now, I suppose, I have done," he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. " Yes, I think so," Mlrs. Barker said; " if you had come an hotr earlier I hoould havos pt this young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husbandt that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her." "No wonder she is shaken," Mr. Ruskin re. marked. " Mrs. Barskor tells me you had a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison." " Tes," she replied. "I was stunned for a time, but beyond being stitf and bruised I am none the worse for it." " Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting his fingers on her wrist, "I suppose you will want to he about to-morrow when our bravo army returnse. Now there is nothing ou can do here. Mrs. Donald can nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker I am sure, will take charge of the house, ane1 therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for yon, and to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep tull morning." "I cousld not sleep." Kate protested. " Very well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you find you are restless you can come down for an hour or two; but I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. INow, Mrs. Barker, will you take this medicine upad put this young lady to bed." up aI hope she will gott to sleep," Mrs. Barker said when she came down-stairse asgn. "I have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. (ýuo ýutuulu, I &WuOuiu; "00 a strong dose to take effect. I think you willhearnothingeore of her t welln was already busy in e cen, sa ou look bonny and like yourself." "lo11w are my brother and Captain Whit. neyV" Kate asked. ' I don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet," Mrs. Barker replied; "but Captain Whitnoe has just gone out to the shed with my husband and the surgeon." d Gone out to the sbos !" Kate repeated in astonishment. "Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going fast. He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting up with him. He asked for water, and then lay for some time quite quiet. Then he said, 'An I dreaming, or was it IReuben Whitney I fought with ' ' Yes, it was Cap tain Reuben Whitney, our inspector,' the constable replied. "cFor artiee ho lay quiet again, and then said : ' I want to see him.' The constable told him he was asleep and couldn't be woke. S' Is he badly wounded?' the man asked. 'I know I hit him' 'Not very badly, I hope,' the constable answered. * When he wakesask him to come to me,' the man said. ' I know I am dying, but I want to see him first. If he can't come let somebody else come.' The constable came in and roused the doctor, who went out and saw him, and said he might tlive three or four hours yet. Soon after. wards, just as the sun rose, Jim came out to say that his master was awakre. Mr. Ruskin went into him and examined his wound and probedi thecoureo of the bullet: It had lodged down just atthe bottom of the shouldtr-bone. I am glad to say he was able to get it out. When he had done he told his patient what the bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney in sisted ulpon going out to him. " It won't do him any harm, will it ?" Kate asked anxiously. "No my aear, or Mr. Ruskin would not have let him go. I saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except that unasty bandsgo over his face, he looked quite himself again. As I told you, a broken collar bone is a mere nothing, and now we know where the bullet went and have got it out, there is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here they come again, so you can judge tor your. selt." A very few words passedbetween Reuben and Kate. for Mrm. Barker, who saw how nervous me girl was, at once began to ask him questions about what the bushranger had said. "He has made a confession, Mrs. Darker, whiclh your husband has written down, and Mr. Ruskin and Smithson have signed. It is about a very old story in which I was toncerned when a boy but it is a great gratification for me to have It cleared up at last. I was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to Mias Ellison's father, and was tried for a nburglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted,thanksonly to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my be. half, I fear" he said with a slight omile, "somewhatillegally. Howover, the imputation would have rooted on me all my life if ithad not been for Thorno's confession. I thought that hi did the first affair. I know that hoe wascon. corned in the second, although I could not prove it; but he has now made a full confession, say. ing that he himself poisoned the dog, and con. firming the story I told at the trial." "Oh, I amn glad 1" Kate exclaimed. "You know, Captasn Whitney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how you must have longed for it to be proved to the world. What will you do, Mr. Barker,to make it'public ?" " I shall send a copy of the confession, pro. perly attested, to the magistrates of Leee, and another copy to the paper which, Captain Whitney tells me, is phblished there weekly.". " "I suppose there is no hope for him?" Kate asked in a low voice. " Hels dying now,' Barker said. "Ruskin is with him. Ho was fast becoming uncon" scious when we left himi', and;Ruskineald tha the end was at hau.. A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came in with the news that all was over. "Now, Captain Whitney you must come into your room and let me bandage up your shoulder properly. I hadn't half time to do it before." " But yonwon't want me to lio in bed or any nonsense of that sort ?" Reuben naked. " I would if I thought you would obey my orders; but as I see no chance of that, I shall not trouble to give themo. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet. I shall bandage your arm across your chest, so there canbe no movement of the shoulder, and when that is done I think yeou will be all right." There was only one more question which Reubenlhad to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day-why it was that Smithson did not go to his comrade's assistance. He then learned that Thorne rode quietly up to the back of the house and dismounted, then went to the stable, where Smithson wasasleep, hlavingbeen on guard during the night, and pushed a piece of wood uinder the latch of the door, so that it could not be raised. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, hie had gone to the front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable there before the latter was aware of his presence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vain to get out, and was only released by Mrs. Darker when she recoverod from the stunning blow which the bushrangor had setruck her. He had then mounted at once and followed in pursuit. In the afternoon the party returned from the bush, having experienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Reuben's wound, and in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume his duties. The complete dos. traction of the gang of bushrangers, and the energy with whichthey had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made a vast sensation in the colony, and Reoubon gained great credit and instant promotion for his conduct. A month after the return of the party from the bush Mr. Donald was about ogaiss, and, as the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling his property. The course which events took can be judged by the following long conversation between Mrs. Donald and Iser sister three months later. " Well, Kate, after all he hasdone for us, of course I have nothing to say ogainst it, and I don't suppose yoe would mind if I had; still, I do think you might have done better." " I could not have done better," Kate said hotly, not if Ihad had the pick of the whole "Well, not in one way, my dear, for you know that personally I like him almost as well as youdo. Still, Ido think it is a little unfortunate that-we ever knew him before." "And I think it's extremely fortunate," Kate said stoutly. "If it hadn't been that he had known us before and cared for me-he says worshipped, but that's nonsense- ever since I was a child, he would never have made that terrible ride, and I-" "Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it's all for the best," Alice said, for your sake that he won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for yon whers he was riding about hunting after busheangere and blacks, for yeou know, my dear, there are pleisty of others left in the colony." " I told him so yesterday," Kate said, shyly. "I said, of course, that. I didn't want to influence him." Alice broke into a laugh. "You little goose, as if what you say doesn't iitluence him." Three weeks later Reuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. "My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that you are engaged to be married, and the circumstances which you tell me of make it a most interesting affair. If I were you I should cut the constabulary. I incloso a paper from Wilson giing you three weeks' Ieave. Come down to Sydney at onese and talk it over with me. You know I regard you as my son, and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Reuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his viows, Mr. Hudassi went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchsae for him of a partnership in the chiefangianeering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what hie had done the latter doelared that he had robbed the colony of its best police officer. neuben protested against the generosity of the old settlse, but the latter declared he would have no nonsense on the subiect. I am onset s norieenstmen in tho ceisny, he said, "' and it's lined if I can't sedm money as I choose." Thereis little more to tell. Rsuben became one of the lssding citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold his buelness and returned to England and bought an estate not far from Lowee, where he is still living with his wife and fmilmy. He rwas accompanied from Anatralia by his mother, who, in spite of Iherstrong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Reuben Waitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute egreement is as to which owes most to lbs other. In 1S18 Ur. Arnold discovered in the island of Sumatra a flower which an author has called " the magnificent Titan of the vegetable king. dom." The circumference of the fully-expanded flower is Oft., its nectarium calculated to hold mine pints, the pistila are as large as cow's horns, and the entire weight of the I assom is computed to be 16tb. u u ua ur raiser, wnoso " Words on Wellington" will be well remembered, has put us all under a fresh debt by another eb in volume.of his apparently inex le reminiscences. "Dlraeli and Hlsi is a veritable mine of good-things rali principally, but about most of nentary contemporaries also. The nal raise that " there is not a nll the ook" would do Sir William jnstice. For he is so avi of giving us good things that there is eroely a page which has not two, three, or four of them. In the limited spane at our disposal we can only dip into the Disraeli passages, and of theso we can only pretend to give a very inadequato amount. I: is a book which everybody will read, and which nobody who begins can fail to read through. To those judicious lovers of desultory reading celebrated by Lord Iddealeigh, Sir William Fraser's book will be especially dear, for there is no method in it whatever. We enrol ourselves, for this occasionat any rate, among that company, and proceed to dip at random. What was Disraeli like? " The only person whom I have met with," says Sir William Fraser, "who reminds me in any way of the manner of Disraeli in private life, is tIr. Henry Irving. When I first had the honour of knowing him, I could not persuade myself that he was not imitating Disraeli's manner-the peculiar slowness and delibera tion of utterance, a voice very much of the same timbre, and the resemblance in other minute partionlars surprised me." But the resemblance does not extend to everything. Mr. Irving, if ive mistake not, does not dis guise that he is lecoming streaked with grey. But "Disraeli's hair and pointed beard were dyed a deep black; this could clearly be seen when from carelessness the dye had not been renewed." MIany ourious particulars about Disraeli's clothes and furniture, and other appoint. ments, will be found scattered up and down through these vivacious pages. But we pass on to pick up a few crumbs from his table and other talk. We cannot guarantee them as being all new, but they are all good: Disraeli said : " When I meet amanwhose name I cannot remember, I give myself two minutes; then, if it be a hopeless case, I always say, ' And how is tho old com plaint?'" " Mr. Gladstone, pausing for a moment, as if forgetting his next sentence, Disraeli Instanmly said acros, the table, as though toR help the orator, 'Your last word was "Revolution." '" Of a member whose physical short sightedness was oonspiouous, and whose con stant application and dropping of his eye. glass irritated the House, Disraeli said, "If this man had eyes, how the House would damn them !" A noble member of the House of Commons, who has risen to great eminence, paused in his first speech to yawn. "He'll do,"at once oxelaemed Disraeli. One of the most interesting subjects in this book-as it muist be in all reminiscences of Disraeli-is thd relation between him and his wife. The, keynote of Disraeli's feelings is given in the following story: -Dernal Osborne, who belonged to the same ancient race as Disraeli, was impudent enough to say.to him, "I saw you walking in the park with Mrs. Disraeli: tell me, what fieehling can you have towards that old lady?" Disraeli looked at him calmly and replied, "A feeling to your nature perfectly un known: Gratitude 1" An answer worthy of Athens in the days of Perioles. According to an informant of Sir W. Fraser's, the " old lady " was very old; she was 89 when she died! Disraeli's devotion to her, and hers to him are well known. Of the former, Sir William recounts this in stance: ! I asked him if he wore going somewhere alone: meaning without the other Ministera. He replied, ' No. Mary Ann is going. I cannot leave her quite in the lurch.' " Mrs. Dismraeli's reputation of uttering gauche sayings is not, Sir William thinks, altogether deserved; but he vouches for the following story as perfectly authentic. The Disraelis were staying "at one of the ancestral homes of England ": "At breakfast, the first morning after their arrival, Mrs. Disraeli addressed the lady of the house in these words: 'Lady - , I find that your house is full of indecent pic tures!' Dismay might have been observed on the faces of the guests. - Undaunted, Mrs. Disraeli continued, 'There is a most horrible picture in our bedroom. Disraeli Bays it is Venus and Adonis. I have been awake half the niht trying to prevent him looking at it.' Disraeli. by the way, hated country houses: those " olite prisonstempered bypheasants," as Sir `illim Fraser calls them. Mrs. Disraeli said once : " Whenever we go to a country house the same thing happens: Disraeli is not only bored, and has constant ennui, but he takes to eating as a resource: he eats at breakfast, luncheon, and dinner: the result is, by the end of the third day he becomes dreadfully bilious, and we have to comne away." Though Disraeli was deeply attached to his own wife, some of his most cynical sayings had reference to marriage in general. Coining awayfrom amarringae ononeoccasion, he said: " This is a dismal business: it always depresses me. After a funeral I am cheerful. I feel that one has got rid of some one.'.' And here is another pungent saying:- Disraeli held the theory that no man was regular in his attendance in the House of Commons until he was married; a somewhat Hibernian compliment to that holy state. Disraeli was one of those men, says Sir W. Fraser, who " shine in the society of women, but only when they are listeners to conversa tion between him and other mon." Sir Wil liam related to a friend how brilliant Disraeli had been on some occasion. The sagacious .friend said, " You have omitted to say what lady was there." "Yes; Mrs. Norten." "I thought so, Dismeli never lets off his fireworks unless a woman be present." But in talking to women themselves, Disraeli "seemed to find considerable dificulty; his conversation was laboured; and what Thackeray calls ' clumsy compliments ' were net unused." Fascinating and amusing as is Sir William Fraser's book, the impression which it leaves -when one tries to sum up his pre sortation of his hero-is one of sad ess. Sir William says as much, indeed, imself: "If I were to endeavour to sum up the ultimate feeling with which he inspired me, it would be represented by the Sword Piu." Disraeli set himself to succeed, and he succeeded. But lee' was under no illusions. In the very moment of success he 'did not forgeb its instability. "Yes," he *said, when an old friend congratulated him within a few days of his first Premiership, "I have 'climbed to the top of the greasy pole." Again, he had an infinite contempt for the instruments of his success. " Brilliant himself, he felt deeply that to shine was not to succeed: theposition which hoachievedwasin spiteofhisexceptionalqualties; aotonaccount of them. There was nothing that he hated more than commonplace; and tehere was nothing that he made more use of. The impression that nothing went down with the House of Commons but solemn twaddle grew upon him." But above all, his final. success camo to him, as he himself said, toD late. One can only guess at all that Disraeli muyhavemeant. Sw WilliamFrnser was doubtless right in part when he did as follows : 'c The only communicatlon which I made to Disraeli at the time of his lost rPrenier ship was .one which I was told he felt deeply. I asked a common friend to tell him that I was sure that the feeling in hlia heart which dominated all others was, that one who had believed in him from the first; whose whole life and soul had been devoted to him; who had longed and prayed for his ultimate success; wae, now that his success had come, no more: his wife." But some of Sir William Fraser's recollec tions suggestthe interesting question whether Disraeli's " too late" may not have referred in part to a consciousness of failing health and strength: "During his last Premiership Idinedwith him in Downing street. On entering, he replied to my commonplace hope that he was no worse for the bitter weather with a feeble groan. I ventured to add that I found him surrounded byhislillustrious predecessors; he groaned again. . . . At first I thought he must be dying... . To other guests he replied in the same ghastly manner. I felt that lee could not survive the night. Within a quarter of an hour, all being seated at dinner, I observed him talking to the Austriain Ambassador, Count Apponyi, with extremo vivacity; during the whole of dinner their conversation wets kept up: I saw no sign of flagging. This is dfflicult to accouintfer. ne itheory has been that Disrneli took carefully measured doses of opium, and that theso behn calculated to act at a given tune, the effect of the subtle drug was as I have des cribed. I never saw nuch phenomena in any other person; in fact, I remember diverting the late Lord D., who was a great of Disraeli, by tolling him that I D. was in reality a corpese, which ally came to life; and that if he had over neon a human being it must have been at a far distant p:riod of the world's existence." Sir William Fraser was once disousaing with Disraeli which was the most admirable stanza In Gray's "Elegy." Sir William himself decided in favour of thie: The boest of IHeerldry. the pomp of rower, And all that tlciety, all that Vealth o'er gave, Await stlik the inevitable to lr The Piths of Glory Icad but to the erave. Disraeli said nothing. But his friend heard him take a very long breath. 