INGENIOUS DEVICES OF THE SHOPLIFTERS. (SEW YORK "WORLD.) V Every vestige of the old-fashioned kick' has disappeared," said a detective to me the other day when I requested his views regarding a certain phase of metropolitan The shoplifter's " kick" is the technical name of the capacious bag or Docket she who prefers to " buy" when the clerk has bis back turned has concealed under her cloak, or, ««her, sewed to the same on the left side, or which men have under the left coat tail. ,,-ft V 5 not by reason or an edict of Beau McAllister that the old "kick" is going out of use. but because section 508 of the penal code makes it a criminal offence for any one to pave it m his or her possession. It is both in sorrow and in anger that shoplifters are \ parting with it; but the "cops" having got <m " to it, it bad to go, for it stood as conclusive proof against its owner. From several store detectives I learned that « , nsed "*»ridnjr" the old kick had become so well-known to them, and to salesgirls that shoplifters saw the necessity of keeping pace with a progressive Bge. So a more convenient contrivance was gotten up. It is called a " hoisting kick." This consists of a regular dress skirt, so far as apgeaianoe goes, covered by an apron overs-Mrt, which is short and can be raised SOW THE TEICK WAS DOSE. In the front of the underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is but the opening to the immense bag which the underskirt consists of, it going around the entire body and down to the heels. This was found more convenient than the side "kick," from the feet that it necessitated lammnygmawt m^j H motion that aroused little suspicion. The thief would stand close to a counter where email articles are exposed, generally lace or alk handkerchiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, examine it, hold it on edge in front of her, call for something else, and while the salesgirl had her back terned would slip it into the slit. As the " kick " is made of paper muslin the stolen article would alio down easily. Should the thief miss the aperture—a rare occurrence, for they are persons of nerve—the article would fall on -ie floor, and the thief would pick it up, replace it on the counter, and claim that it was an accident, which in reality it was. This worked well until several shoplifters using this "kick" were arrested and searched, which exposed the whole thing, and now there are few of them in existence. So the evildoer's genius had again to be called into requisition, and a woman who was arrested in a Sixth Avenue store showed how she had improved on that style. She wore a beautiful flounced dress, covered with a short apron overskirt, draped and canght up here and there in such a way as to form natural-looking puffs. This went around the entire body, and a little to the right was a pocket, rendered absolutely invisible by the drapery. When searched an incredible amount of articles ot all sorts, stolen from different stores, were found in the underskirt. _ A detective told me that a notorious shoplifter was once caught who had in her "kick" two pieces of lace of 25 yards each, worth 29dol. a yard; two pairs of silk stockings, one sOk and one lace handkerchief, a piece of scented soap, and a Bramagem scarfpin worth 43 cents, all of which she bad stolen in various stores in Sixth Avenue. And, strange to say, it was the cheapest of the articles which betrayed her—the cake of soap, valued at 18 cents. Another was caught with 16 yards of bilk, valued at 120 dollars, in her ""kick.'' THE BANDBOX TBICE. Another clever device which was gotten up almost contemporaneously with the "kick" was the elastic band box. It was made like a gentleman's hat box, of card board, the cover being hdd close to the box by two elastic bands in the interior of the box* The pnrloiner would place the bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured her fancy, especially where there were few salesgirls. She would call for certain cheap articles which would cause the salesgirl to turn her back to the purchaser. Hie shoplifter would then lift the cover of her box with one hand, throw in as many articles as she conld take hold of, and by means of the elastic bands the cover would be instantly and automatically closed, leaving no trace of the robbery. This contrivance was so deceptive by reason of its innocent appearance and raistm d'etre, so to speak, and worked so admirably that it was along time before the detectives "caughton," and many thousand dollars' worth of articles were stolen by this means before an arrest was made. The first capture was caused by a salesgirl at a lace counter in a Twenty-third street store. She had not seen the shoplifter put anything into the bandbox, but had been attracted by the singular manner in which the cover was closed—apparently of iteelf. She notified a floor walker. The woman was called into a private room, accused, and searched, and in the bandbox were articles enough to start a miniature country fancy goods store. Amongst other things, she had 13 scarfs, an inkstand, a cicar-holder, and a dice-box, stolen from different stores, which showed that her tastes extended over a wide field. Well, the bandbox has had a 'brilliant but comparatively brief career, and few arrests were caused by its use, but those that were made occurred within a few days, and the workers of the contrivance saw that the game was up, and gave up the ghost. There is no record of any having been used recently. THE SATCHEL OA3CE. This was in time succeeded by a simpler trick, one that has lung been worked with success, because it creates no suspicion. It is the satchel game. Although store detectives say it is comparatively dormant just now, it was extensively worked during the holidays, and will be in full blast when the spring reason opens. These are used for stealing pocketbooks as well as goods. They are, in appearance, like ordinary hand satchels, but they open and close by means of a spring. The thief's right hand presses a button, and the left, which is always ungloved, does the rest. It is by this means that pocket-books are often est stolen in crowded dry goods stores, and this has served to make trouble for many salesgirls. The pickpocket (for snch he or die is) generally works with' a confederate. _ She first espies a woman with a pocketbook in her hand—and they are legion. She will follow that woman in the generally gratified expectation that she will ere long deposit it on the counter where die stops to examine goods. The thief will crowd near and snatch the pocketbook in a twinkling at the fint opportunity and pass it to the confederate, who disappears and has not been noticed near. The real thief can remain beside the victim with safety, as, should die be arrested, nothing can be found on her. A short time ago one of the cleverest satchel workers, well known at headquarters as " The Madame," was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two stolen pocketbookf. She dropped them on the floor when accused., They were recovered, and as it was doubtful if a case could be made against her, die was let go. She came again shortly afterwards and stole a pocketbook containing a huge amount of money belonging to the wife of a director of the Hudson River Railroad, who shrunk from, the publicity a prosecution would have entailed, and "The Madame" »train escaped. She now gives the store a wide berth, however. A fine-looking Monde, known to the police as "Big Grace," and whose picture adorns Inspector Byrnes's collection, in another clever satchel fiend, whose cleverness and "swell" appearance long baffled the detectives. She hadapal (Maggie M ), with whom die worked this game successfully for a long time until they both came to grief. THE VEBY 1.ATEST. As the best inventions are generally the simplest, so are the latest and most-successful methods of shoplifting-. There axe three. One is done by means of the cloak known as; the Conneniara. This is made somewhat Eke a circular. It is a long. looee tdo&k;, covering even the . hands. . It. enables the thief not only to steal with a greater degree of safety, but aleo to ooneeal her "body. AU *b e has to do is to get near a crowded counter, tim>w .the edge of her cloak partly over the article die covets, her hand underneath the cloak, take t article, step back, and hold it in her hand. Unless she is caught in the act she cannot be arrested or even suspected- Another is still simpler. The thief lays her handkerchief carelessly on some small article she wants' to steal, feigns a desire to buy •something else, is not suited, and while the sales- girl replaces the goods on the rfiJf the thief picks up her booty with her handkerchief. If she should happen to be caught, elie naturally claims that she did not know die had the stolen article in her possession. The third one is worked by manifl of a tiaaidhag containing twine and wrapping papa. This bag is carried in the lef t hand, and filled with whatever goods the shoplifter can secure. Then she will go into the toiletroom, or some side street, take out the greeds, paper, and twine, wrap them up in a neat pared, and try again or go away unmolested. ETTT.T. ANOTHER. Another recentty-gotten- up scheme is being worked on stores which permit well-known customers to open accounts. A well-dressed and refined-looking young lady recently went into a Sixth avenue store, saying that die was the daughter of Mis. (I have the name, but will omit it). Mrs. -was a wealthy customer whom ehe must have seen buy on credit, and noted the address and name. He girl bought 65dol. worth of silk, which she wanted to take with her. The salesman toUT her it was customary to require references or identification from parties unknown to them. Did she know any one in the neighbourhood who conld identify her? No. She had just come out of boarding-Bchool. The ««lp«m«™ consulted with the superintendent, it was agi«d to let hear have the goods, when by wvriftpnt it was discovered that she had given two different addresses. Nothing d^Tin^ die acknowledged her migt^l™ aud said the first address was the right one. How stupid of her! Bnt she was unused to the city, and had another address in her mind. Becoming suspicious, the salesman said the rules of the store wonld require him to send the goods. " Oh, very well. Perhaps it would be more satisfactory to you, come to thint- Qf it," she said, "and it will suit me jnst as well, if I only get them by 7 o'clock this evening." The goods were sent to the address given. The next day Mrs. went to the store with the goods, saying ehe had not ordered than, ana asked for an explanation. Investigation revealed that "the girl jnst out of boarding school" had purchased many other articles at other counters which ehe had taken with her. 'I'M t-' PEETTY 1 Bat perhaps the cleverest of all shoplifters' tricks is the " pennyweighter " game. It is known but to few, and practised by a still smaller number, for it is a difficult one. It has been most successfully worked by a pretty little blonde with a baby face, blue eyes, curly hair, and the general appearance of a bewitching soubrette. Her professional name is " little Scotty." She came to grief in Boston, and was given three years. Her mode of working is to go to a jewellery store and ask to be shown loose diamonds on a tray. She pretends to be very shortsighted, and bends over and very close to the tray, examining the diamonds through an eye-glass. She exposes her left hand so as not to be suspected, and at a propitious moment drops a one-carat diamond into the tray, and with her tongue, on the point of which she has pulverised »lnm | die licks up a two- carat diamond. She cannot find the exact counterpart of the one she wants to match (which she has not with her) and goes into another store, where die exchanges her two-carat diamond in a cimflnr manner for a three-carat, and "so on ad infinitum. When she was canght she had started with with a one-carat diamond and had reached six and a half carats, making three or four hundred dollars in a few hours. AS TO EXEPTOMAKIA. Store detectives say that there are com paratively few professional shoplifters in this city now, and once they are caught they disappear—as soon as the law permits—and never return. They go to other cities. They say that supposedly respectable women now give them more trouble than thieves. It requires much more skill and discrimination to handle them, lest they might accuse an innocent person. They scout the theory of kleptomania, and say that not one woman in a thousand who steals does so inadvertently. Physiologists, however, contend that there is such a thing as kleptomania, which they describe as a species of mental derangement coming under the head of "volitional insanity." It is, they say, an inability to exert the will in accordance with the intellect. ' Although this theory would seem to be sustained by the fact that wealthy women have frequently been caught shoplifting, store detectives say that inquiries nave revealed the fact that such women were not given the allowance of money by their husbands that would enable them to dress as well as they wished to be. A woman was caught stealing a 19 cent, knife in a Fourteenth, street store one day, who wore 5,00OdoL or 6,000dol. worth of diamonds. But she turned oat to be a professional thief. I found out, to my astonishment, that there are comparatively few of our large stores who employ detectives, the majority of them training their sales-girls and floorwalkers to do that work. Still, I found one which, besides having a man detective, also employed a woman, who mixes among customers in full street costume. Kot all store thieves are caught, and those who are captured are not always prosecuted. And thin entails -a loss to each first-class store which runs up into thousands, and which has a olace in the " profit and loss " account. 