HER BITTER FOE. Keith felt annoyed. Now that he knew his secret he was longing to hear Ethel's decision, He meant to ask her that very day. He quite agreed with the lines: He either foars his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, That daros not put it to the touch To gain or lose it all. 'I am in love,' thought Keith, as he sat down abstractedly in the pretty morning-room and watched all the signs of' Ethel's recent presence with fond, observant eyes, 'In love with Ethel, little Ethel, whom I have known ever since I was a great rough schoolboy. I wonder what she will say to me? I think, somehow, she will not send me away. She has never seemed to dislike me.' .He shuddered just a little as he re membered his long years of exile and the cause that bad brought him back. 'The only time I ever tempted fate a :gipsy told me my life's happiness would come to me through a grave. Is it so? Is it the shadow of Magdalen's grave that has brought me back to home and Ethel ?' Men in love rarely think of other people and the world's verdict on their choice, but these would all be in Keith's 'favour, He knew that no wife whom he could select would be so dear to his mother as the girl she had so long loved as a daughter. It would be the strangest of all matches-one approved of by all the world. Lord and Lady Jocelyn would probably give them the house in Cadogan Street. His mother would not care to come to London when Maudie was married- and she was sure to marry that season-and then in the autumn they would go to the dear old Manor or travel in foreign lands. How pleasant it would be to take Ethel to the scene of his lonely wander ings, to show her all that was most beauti ful in art and nature, and see those violet eyes shining, as he felt sure they could be taught to shine, with love of him. It was a happy day- dream. Keith was absolutely lost to things terrestrial. His dark eyes seemed fixed in space, a smile was on his lips, when he was roused-from his reverie by the gentle opening of the door and the entrance of a small, white robed figure. It was Ethel l Keith's heart beat quicker, but a shadow came to his face as he noticed the alteration in tho girl. He 'had seen her the evening before, bright, happy,. joyous, the centre of a gay throng, and now she looked the picture of woe, as though some heavy trouble had fallen upon her, crushing her in its iron grasp.` She had been crying, Keith. could see that, but her tears were dry now, and her face white.and set as one who means to struggle bravely against her sorrow, only it was painfully evident how- hard that struggle was. The girl looked as though she had been ill for weeks. Theae were purple lines.underneath her eyes, and the eyes themselves had a strange, dazed expres sion, as though she had not yet realised life under its changed and troubled phase, She did not see Keith, but advancing to the open window, placed herself where the soft summer air could fall upon her wvan cheeks. Perhaps she hoped it would make her look a little more like herself before Lady Jocelyn's return. The quiet little figure seemed lost in the recesses of the large arm-chair, and an aching pain came to Keith's heart as he saw how still and motionless she was, 'What on earth can have happened ?' asked the young heir of Jocelyn of him self. 'Ethel is not the sort of girl to trouble herself like this about a little. Oh, my own love, I wish you would give me the right to stand between you and all sorrow, to protect my precious one jealously from even the shadow of trouble.' In vain he tried to imagine the cause of her grief. He could think of nothing, absolutely nothing. Ethel's was naturally such a sunny, happy temperament that nothing but some crushing blow could have moved her thus, and it seemed hard to imagine any crushing blow that could come to her. The only relations she bad in the world were her father, Jack Tremaine, and one or two distant cousins whom she had never seen. Sir Claude, as Keith knew, possessed but little of his daughter's love, -and Jack was the picture of health and only too willing, as Keith knew to his sorrow, to offer himself, his wealth and title to his soft-eyed cousin. At last, when he had sat silently watch ing: her for some minutes, Keith could bear it no longer. Rising abruptly, he walked over to the window, and before Miss Devreux had realised the fact of his presence he had caught both her hands in his, 'Ethel I' '.Mr. Jocelyh 1' There- was intense surprise, nbt un mingled'wiih vexation, in her voice. It seemed to Keith that she was indignant with him for intruding upon her: loneli ness.. '. Forgive me,' he said, simply, but they toldme everyone- was outi and I came here to wait for my mother and' Maudie.' ' They will nbt be home till six o'clock.' 'I know it,' 'And it is only four now," Keith smiled sadly. 'And.are you so very anxious to get aid of me, Miss Devredic?' SWhy should I be ?' and her voice was colder 'thai he ever renidembered hearing it. " What Could make you think, of stich a thling,'Mr. Jocelyn?' .. 'Ethell'. She did niot in so many words forbid him the use of her Christian 'naie;, but she looked as ithough she would have liked 'How shave I offended yoii ?' ' You.have not offended me at all.' But I must have, or you, would not run away like this,' for she had risen to. leave the room. ' I am not fit for company,' said Ethel Devreux, with a faint attempt at lightness. * I have a miserable headache, and that makes me a stupid conpanion.' 'Will you let me be the judge of that ?' and he placed her tenderly back in the old armchair. 'Ethel, we have been friends for a very long time, haven't we ?' 'Yes.' And he fancied he heard a suppressed sob as she spoke. S'When I went away you were a little child. Do you kriorw, Ethel, you put your arms round mnay neck and kissed me ?' 'l'rii sure I must have have been an odious child,' said Miss Devreux, deci dedly. 'I wonder people didn't teach me better.' 'And when I came back, after my own relations, yours was the first voice to bid me welcome.' ' Was it ?' 'You know it was. Now, Ethel you were friendly to me when I went away' ('Much too friendly,' put in Miss Devreux), 'and when I came back. I must have offended you since to make you so unkind.' ' I did not mean to be unkind. I did not think you would care.' ' Not care ? Oh, Ethel 1' 'And after all,' bent upon defending herself, 'all I said was that it was only four o'clock and your mother would not be back for two hours.' 'All you said I you made it pretty plain you wished me to take myself off. You have hurt.me very much, Miss Devreux,' The moment he ceased to use her pretty Saxon name and called her by her more formal title, Ethel Devreux, like a true woman. began to regret the change she had seemed to enjoin. ' I am very sorry.' ' Are you ?' ' Yes.' ' When people are sorry they generally turn over a new leaf.' 'Do they ?' She was smiling now in spite of her tear-stained cheeks. 'But I can't alter what I have said, I fear. Oh, yes, I can,' glancing at her watch. ' It is a quarter past four now, so it only wants an hour and three-quarters to Lady Jocelyn's return.' ' You have treated me very badly,' still with that strain of seriousness running through his words. 'You owe me some amends.' ' What amends would you like ?' ' That you should tell me what troubles you. Don't deny that there is some thing, Ethel. Do you think I am blind ?' 'I have told you that I have a head ache.' ' Headache !' scornfully. No headache would make you look as you do now. You are the ghost of the brillant girl I saw at the ball last night.' 'You are not very polite.' ' Ethel, I am your oldest friend.' 'jMaude is my oldest, friend,' she cor rected. 'And I am Maude's brother. Won't you tell me what is troubling you, why your face is so sad and troubled, and what has driven all the roses from your cheeks ?' He stood bending over her, the tender est love shining in his eyes, and Ethel looking at him, standing there in all the pride and glory of manhood, and thinking he would soon be Rosalie's, burst into tears. In vain Keith tried to soothe her; in vain he tried by every means in his power to comfort her. The flood gates being once opened it was difficult to close them. Ethel sobbed on as though her bitter sorrow must have voice, and Keith, power less to lessen her agony, bent over her suffering hardly less than herself, one hand fast clasping hers, the other stroking her golden hair: with a soft caressing touch, gdntle as:any woman's. By-and-bye she grew calmer, the vio lence of her grief had spent Itself, and she lay back white and motionless in the arm chair, looking so fragile it went to Keith's heart to see her. 'And you say it is only headache. Oh Ethel, I thought at least you were true.' 'I am,' said the girl, in a sad, faint whisper. ' I may have many fablts, but at least I am true. My head does ache badly. ' Listen to me,' his fingers still moving in her bright hair. 'You are under my mother's care; she is answerable to Sir Claude for your welfare and happiness. If you won't tell me who has troubled you like this, will you confide in her ?' ' I couldn't.' cried Ethel," the crimson blushes dying her cheeks-' oh I couldn't, It would kill me 1' Mr. Jocelyn looked alarmed. To him her words bore but one interpretation. She must have some clandestine love affair, which she would not for very shame confide to the countess. Knowing what he had come to Cadogan Street that afternoon to tell her, you may imagine the agony at his heart, but he never faltered; he loved Ethel too well to let her suffer alone. ' My dear child,' striving hard for a calm, brotherly manner, and fail ing somewhat, 'don't you know we all love you too well to see you unhappy ? Let your-your friend "-for the life of him he could not say your ' lover '-' go to my father, and I am sure he will listen to all he has to say.' 'What on earth do you mean, Mr. Jocelyn ?' It was Keith's turn to look surprised. 'I mean that although my mother is called ambitious, she would be the last person in the world to sacrifice you to her own sciuples. I am sure she will do her best to obtain Sir Claude's consent to any marriage 'in which your happiness is bound up.' Miss Devreux did not appear grateful. She pushed his hand decidedly away from her golden locks, raised herself to an up right position, and said coldly: " '.Really, Mr. Jocelyn, your .romantic notions give you credit. As it happens I d6 not share them. I do not believe in marriage. I shall never marry anyone.' 'At eighteen you are hardly sure of your own mind,' he observed, mildly. 'I am quite certain I £hall never change my resolution.' 'And when did you make it ?' he asked, quietly. :' I hardly know.' ' It was a very foolish one,' said Keith, gravely, almost solemnly. 'A woman's rightful placeis at her husband's side; her trust and mission is to make the happiness ofthe.man she loves, and reign queen over. his home.' Ethel's eyes filled with tears. ',There are, a great many unhappy marriages though, Mr. Jocelyn.' ' Not when people love each other.' There was a look of such agony on his face as he spoke that Ethel Devreux's feelings were at once aroused. i'You say that I look sad,' she observed, sihlply, 'Do'you know I am afraid you have caught the infection of my low s?irits ?' I' I may have a headache,' coldly. ' You may. Have you ?' 'A heartache would be truer,' he answered, sadly. 'I came here to-day with the fairest hopes a man could have. The future looked so bright I could not see a single cloud, fool that I was 1 There was nothing but the blue sky in my paradise.' 'And now ?' 'Andnowl I Can you askt? Tlhe wind has come-the wind of disappointment, the storm of despair, I cannot see an inch of that blue sky which made me so joyous one little ago.' 'One little hour ago? But you have been here an hour. No disappointment can have come to you hIere I' ' It was here.' ' I cannot understand.' 'And yet it is easy. I came here full of hope-I go away in despair.' 'But you have seen no one but me,' persisted Ethel, who trembled strangely. 'And I wished to see no one else. I mustgo now. Good bye, Heaven bless you, child l' But the girl .laid one while hand detainingly on his arm, 'Do not go like this l Indeed indeed I did not know-I never meant to disappoint you. I never even mentioned her name that I can remember.' ' Whose name ?' ' Miss Norton's.' 'Miss Norton can never be more to me than a beautiful vision, a lovely picture. Even had my heart been free when I saw her, I should never have loved her.' ' No ?' 'Ethel, don't you understand, my dar ling ? I love you with all my heart and strength. It is the sight of your grief, the knowledge that you will never return my love, that is sending me away lonely and sorrowful.' He held her hand in his. She never attempted to draw it away, but she spoke no word of encouragement for him to stay. When a man persists in assuming that his suit is utterly in vain it is rather difficult for a girl to undeceive him. ' Do not blame yourself,' said Keith, in a broken voice; 'you can no more help being what you are than I - God help me - can keep from loving you. Don't cry, my darling,' as the violet eyes filled with tears ; 'it is not your fault. I shall go away, of course, and you will think of me kindly some times, will you not, as one who loved you, not wisely, but too well?' 'There is some strange mistake,' said Ethel, trembling; 'I never thought you loved me, Keith. Latterly I have believed you would soon be engaged to Miss Norton.' 'I have sought her society,' he an swered, ' I have admired her beauty, but my heart has never swerved from you, Ethel, never, and it never will, however many years we may be separated.' ' Then why need you go away ?' ' Because I cannot bear the torture of seeing you daily, hourly, and knowing you can never be more to me than you are now, the keener agony it may be of seeing in'time to come a happier man win you for his own.' Then Ethel Devreux knew that the moment-had come when she must sacri fice her maiden pride and reserve to this love that was all too sweet yet too full of pain. 'Keith, do you remember you asked me first this afternoon why I was so sad ?' 'I remember,' ' You asked me to confide my grief to your mother. You said she would inter cede for me with my father.' 'I know, and, you said that you would rather die. Poor child, you need not-re mind me that you too have a heart trouble. Do'not think it will make mine' any the easier to bear.' 'But I have changed my mind,' said Ethel, with -wistful shyness. ' I would like to tell you now, Keith, If I may. I could not tell your mother, but you will understand and not think hardly of me?' ' I could never do that, my darling.' ' I was very sad when I came in here,' said Ethel, turning her face away so that he could not see the variations in its ex pression, 'Some days ago I had woke up to a great mistake. I found that my heart had escaped from my own keeping, and I was not sure whether he who had-it would give me his own in exchange.' A long silence. Keith did not attempt to break it, So the girl, steadying her voice, went on slowly. ' Sir Geoffrey Hamilton was here to-day at lunch, and he expresed a firm belief that the man I loved would marry Lord Norton's heiress. I thought it over and I too felt it was so. She was beautiful, he showed such pleasure in her society, it was natural that he should prefer her brilliant beauty to a simple country girl.' Her voice broke, and she stopped for a moment before she went on. 'I never realised till then how I loved him, Keith, and the agony of it was more than I could bear. The shame too of having given away my heart unsought seemed as if it would kill me. I could not bear Lady Jocelyn's kindness or Maude's tenderness; I felt at any moment they might discover my secret and des pise me, and so I excused myself from going out with them, and stayed at home saying my head ached. It did ache, but, Keith, my heart ached more.' ' Is it possible ?' encircling her with his protecting arms and straining her to his heart as one who only now realises what a load of agony he has been spared. ' My darling, were the heavy eyes and pale cheeks really for me ?' Her cheeks were not pale now, and her eyes sparkled brightly. ' I don't think it is fair to ask me that. Oh, Keith, promise me you won't think lightly of me for telling you; it was- a dreadful thing to..do, but I could not let you go.' 'Sweetheart,' he said tenderly, looking with untold love into her downcast violet eyes, 'nothing in this world could make me think lightly of you, even as nothing in this world could make me cease from loving you.' And Keith Jocelyn thought he spoke the simple truth. Only when Ethel Devreux's ' Bitter Foe' had wrecked her vengeance, when these two were parted by a terrible barrier, then, indeed, he was tempted to think lightly of his fair- haired darling. But he never ceased to love her, never while life lasted. For some time there was silence between the two. Ethel's fair head bent upon Keith's shoulder as though it had found its true resting place at last. Both were perfectly happy, but neither strove to speak. Look back, reader, with me to .that fairest page of your life and mine. In the moment when we first knew we were beloved we did not care for words. There is a depth of joy in Which words themselves are powerless. How long they sat thus Keith never knew. They were aroused by the ormulu clock on the mantlepiece chiming six. 'I suppose they will be back now,' said Keith, in an aggrieved tone. ' I expect so. Oh, dear I Lady Jocelyn will ask if I have been resting my head.' 'I am afraid not,' answered Keith, lightly. 'But, oh, my darling, you have eased my heart.' 'Keith,' shyly. 'My darling.' 'Are you quite sure ?' ' Quite sure of what, sweetheart ?' 'Sure that you will like me better than all the world? Because-I can't help it Keith, I am jealous. I could not bear to share your heart with anyone.' ' You will never need, dearest; it is all yours. I am afraid, Etbel, we are both afflicted withll the same evil. Do you know there have been times lately when I have destested the Marquis of Allonby.,' 'Poor Jack.' 'Don't pity him too much or I shall be fancying you are really sorry you resisted the temptation of becoming a marchioness. 'I never had the temptation,' simply, ' But all the same I would have refused.' 'Do you think Sir Claude will give you to me, Ethel?' 'I think he would be only to glad to get rid of me, Oh, Keith, I have not had much love in my life, and all I have had has come from your family. 'You shall never need to complain of a lack of love, sweetheart, I can promise you that, if I am a poor match in other things compared to Lord Allonby.' 'Please don't talk of him, Keith. Let us be happy.' 'Don't tremble so, my darling. Ethel, I was thinking we shall be an exception to the general rule, our true love will run very smoothly. My people will be only too delighted, and 1 fancy my mother can manage Sir Claude.' ' Keith,' timidly. 'Ethel, don't be frightened of me. Darling, don't let me think I am an ogre in your eyes.' ' No, but I wanted to ask you some thing.' 'Ask anything you please, dear.' 'Would you tell me some day why you went abroad and stayed away so long ?' A change came over Keith Jocelyn's face. Ethel trembled as she saw the cloud on his brow. 'Forgive me,' she whispered, ' I did not mean to pain you, Keith.' 'I know that, sweetheart. Darling, when I have placed a plain gold ring upon this little finger,' touching her left hand, 'I promise to tell you the story of the saddest part of my life, a great mistake which brought bitter punishment and sor row. Can you be content to trust me till you are my wife, Ethel ? We will never have a secret then.' 'I will trust you always," she answered, blushing.' 'So that you. love me I am happy.' .. . . It was the tenderest:concern, the most watchful.love that made Keith. hide from his young betrothed the story of the dark page in his life. She was so young, so pure and childlike, that he hesitated to tell her such a tale. He erred. with the best motives, but he made a sad mistake. Better, far better have told her then, his arms around her, his love to help her to understand what seemed strangest. If Keith had only spoken out now much sorrow might have been spared them. As it was he waited, and the consequences were sad. 'I shall tell my mother to-night,' said Keith, joyfully. 'Darling, she will love you more than ever, now that you have made her son so happy.' CHAPTER XtII. To..make clear the course of the events which follow, to explain, it may be, the gloom which hung over Keith Jocelyn's past, we must go back to the year this story began, the time when Maude and Eihel were both children, and Rosalie Norton knew nothing of her brilliant destiny, but was as yet as Julie D'Arcy, half-pupil at Madame Dulcie's establish ment,' In those days Geoffrey Hamilton and Keith Jocelyn were sworn friends, and before the former's engagement to his pretty Louise they frequently spent their evening together in pleasure seeking. It' was natural enough ; both were young, and while the Jocelyns yet re mained in the country there was nothing much to attract the friends of fashionable parties and noble gatherings. So it came about that they led a pleasant Bohemian life, all the more dangerous perhaps on account of its pleasantness and seeming harmlessness, iLester D'Arcy's rooms at Southvale were not the only places that Geoffrey and Keith frequented by themselves, but would have scorned even to name to mother-or sister. Geoffrey was by nature the gayer of the two, yet his real love for Louise Jocelyn brought him ufiscathed out of peril, 'while it fastened on Keith and blighted some of the fairest years of his life. Gambling had no attraction for Lord Jocelyn's heir, nor was there any fear of the., demon drink pbssessing . him. He had however an absolute' passion for music, and yet a stronger one for the stage. How at this period of his life he de lighted in acting, and everything con nected with acting Keith remembered later with intense pain. He would have sacrificed anything in the-world to see a new play or hear an opera he admired. .He possessed himself a rich, sweet, tenor voice, which caused him to be much sought after in amateur concerts. At one of these he met the Signor Gabrielli and his daughter. They were not amateurs, but repre sented the professional assistance generally procured on such occasions. The father was old, unfortunate and cunning. From the moment he saw Keith Jocelyn, and marked his infatuation for everything con nected with the drama and music, he marked him as his victim. He would never rest until he saw his daughter wife to the young heir, future countess of Jocelyn. No suspicion of his designs came to Keith. Geoffrey Hamilton, who was older and more worldly wise, might have guessed them, but before Keith was really intimate with the Gabrielli his friend had been accepted by Louise, and from that moment considered every hour wasted spent away from her, and so our hero walked blindfold to his ruin. IHe was never happier anywhere than at the Gabrielli's. Magdalen had a glorious soprano voice, and she sang to her harp whilst he listened enraptured, ' At times they rehearsed scenes to gether, and IKeith entered into them with such zeal that the signor often assured him that he was a born actor, and easily per stiaded himnt to accompany them on a pro fessional tour in the north, Keith was delighted. His family be lieved hi:a on a fishing expedition while he was delighting the audience ot a second-rate theatre with the display of his histrionic powers. But Gabrielli'ssoheme was artful. He threw Keith and his daughter together by every means in his power. At last one night-they had crossed the border then and were in Scotland-as they were driving from one village to another.the father contrived to be missing. How it was they never knew, only when 'they were ready to start he was not there. ' We must go on, Magdalen,'l-he had long ceased to call her signora-' your father must have misunderstood the place and gone on to Groatham by himself.' 'Yes,' said Magdalen, listlessly, 'I suppose so.' Poor woman I She was older than Keith, but she had warm southern blood in her veins. Was it a wonder she had fallen in with her father's wishes only too well, and learned to love Keithl fiercely, passion ately ? He was so different to any other man she had ever known, so much above them all. Surely in time he would come to love her. She was beautiful, many a one had told her so. Ol1 yes, she would not oppo?a her father's plan. When once she was Keith Jocelyn's wile all would be well, So they went to Groatham, but there was no sign of the missing Gabrielli. Keith began to feel seriously alarmed, and the perplexity of his position dawned on him. It was getting dark, they must have a shelter for the night. What was he to do with Magdalen ? His first thought was that he would engage a room for her at the village inn and sleep as best he could-if needs be in the open fields himself-but Magdalen vehemently refused to be left. With tears and entreaties she argued that she had never in her life been alone at a strange inn, and Keith, who never doubted her word, made the best of his unpleasant task and boldly confronted the hostess. 'They wanted to put up the dog-cart and engage rooms for themselves. They had expected the lady's father to join them, but be was unfortunately detained.' The landlady jumped to the conclusion they were husband and wife. What else could she think when she saw a handsome young man and a beautiful woman wan dering over the Scottish moors in a dog cart with no visible third party ? 'Your good lady seems tired,' said the kind hearted woman to Keiih. Poor fellow. He had not the heart to contradict her. Magdalen's eyes were fixed on him entreatingly. After his re mark about her father the landlady must know he was not her brother. If he said she was not his wife the probability was that they would both be turned out to spend the night as best they could upon the Scottish moors. Resolving to put a bold face upon the matter, entirely forgetting the peculiar marriage law which prevails in Scotland, he said ' My wife is very tired. If you will get supper ready we should like it at once.' The dog-cart was put up in the stable, and a tasty meal soon appeared. Mag dalen made a good supper; Keith could not touch a morsel, the shadow of coming trouble seemed to rest upon him. The landlady made several remarks to Magdalen, who spoke of Keith frankly as Mr. Jocelyn, thus revealing his name to his great annoyance. Finally, as they were being shown to their respective rooms, the landlady inquired of whom she was to ask directions for the morrow's breakfast. 'Yourself, sir, ot Mrs. Jocelyn ?' 'Mrs. Jocelyn decidedly,' said Keith, sleepily, as he locked his door. You can guess the rest. It was all part of a deeply-laid scheme contrived by Gab rielli for gain, followed out by his daugh ter because, Heaven help her, poor, erring creature, she had learned to love Keith all too well for her own peace of mind. The speaking of Magdalen as his wife, as Mrs. Jocelyn, the allowing another person in his presence to address her by these names was enough to establish a legal marriage. According to Scottish law the heir of the Jocelyns had lawfully wedded the daughter of a strolling player. There was a dreadful scene the next day when Signor Gabrielli appeared. He loudly asserted that Magdalen was Mrs. Jocelyn, and threatened to appeal to the law if she were not immediately acknow ledged as such. Keith requested three days for reflec tion. In these he consulted one or two eminent -Scottish lawyers; both said the same - it was a cruel fraud, a shameless trick, but all the same it was a legal marriage which'none could set aside. 'Surely,' said one, who felt a great pity for the young man whose life was so sud denly blighted, ' you had heard of the peculiarity of our marriage laws,' Keith went back to the little village ini: which had been so fateful to him, and then and there priposed termse. He ad mitted the legality of the marriage, but he swore that he would never recognise Magdalen as his wife, or introduce her as such to his friends. Whilst she and her father .keptA the secret he would allow them three hundred pounds a year. The 'moment 'they re-' vealed it this would cease. Signor .Gabrielli was well content. Three hundred a year for doing nothing, and his Madge to be his housekeeper as before, was a lucky stroke, but the new made wife was furious. ' It was not for this I consented,' she said, bitterly, ' to be a wife and no wife.' Keith smiled sardonically. 'You possibly dreamed of going home to Jocelyn Manor as its future mistress. 'I tell you I would rather never see the placed again than take you there.' 'I have a right to live where you do.' He shrugged his shoulders and said nothing. 'And I" will,' asserted Magdalen, vehemently. 'I will live at Jocelyn Manor if you do.' I shall not,' he said, hoarsely. - Do you think I could go home to. my father and mother with this hanging over me? I would rather kill myself. While you live I shall be an exile from home and country.' Her voice changed then, it became quieter, almost tender. 'KKeith, what's done can't be undone. Wouldn't it be better to try and make the best ofit? I'd be a good wife to you, so help me, Heaven.' She laid one hand timidly on his arm. He shook her off impatiently. It never occurred to bthim she had sinned through love of him, not through longing for the good things that would come to her as his wife. 'I tell you the sight of you would drive me mad. I should never forget you had deceived me.' He went to London and saw Sir Geoffrey then on the eve of his wedding. To him he told all and his resolution to go abroad at once. 'Mr. Hamilton (as he was then) listened with ready sympathy. 'It's a bad business, Keith.' ' I know.' 'It would break your mother's heart.' 'She must never hear of it. I- Would rather remain an exile all my days.' 'And break her heart another way, Is she young, Keith i?' 'Who?' 'This woman who calls herself your wife.' 'She is my wife, Geof. Eight-and. twenty, I suppose.' ' I don't know what to say. I suppose it would be a wretched life, but anything seems better than exile.' ' Keith shook his hIead, 'My mind is quite made up, Geof. Will you see to pIaying hler the money? I've directed the bankers to pay it to you, And Geof, let them think I'm travelling for pleasure. I'm going down to Jocelyn just to tell them I'm off for a tour, If people wonder at the length of the tour put them offsomebow., Guard my secret for me, Geolf.' ' I ,vill.' And he did. Only two letters respecting his wife reached Mr. Jocelyn in his wanderings, one announcing her father's death, the other, years later, her own. He came back then as we have heard. It may be thought strange that as the money was to be paid through Geoffrey he was not the first to hear of Mrs. Jocelyn's demise, but her sister, who was with her at the time of her death pre ferred to write direct to Keith. And when Mr. Jocelyn received her letter he thought there was an end to his great misfortune. C?APTER XIV. To go back to that summer evening when Keith Jocelyn and Ethel Devreux first plighted their troth. Ethel herself whispered her secret to her future sister, and she was surprised at the radiant expression on Maude's face as she listened to the wonderful news. She had known her old friend and schoolmate loved her, but she had never expected her to be so very happy because she (Ethel) had promised one day to be Keith's wife. It never entered into Miss Devreux's head that to everyone her Cousin Jack might not be a bore, and that having given him her heart's best love, Maude Jocelyn was naturally glad that the only rival she had feared had given her affections elsewhere. 'I am so glad,' cried the girl, fondly, leaning one hand on Ethel's shoulder, and with an intense ring of truth in her voice. 'There is no one in the world I would so soon see Keith's wife. I am sure you will make him happy, 'But, oh, you have surprised me very much.' 'Why?' without the slightest possible touch of petulance in her tone. ' Is it so very extraordinary that Mr. Jocelyn and I should like other other ?' 'It is not astonishing that anyone should love you,' returned Maude, affec tionately. ' But you know, Ethel darling, Keith has been away so many years, and he seems so grave and old that I do won der just a little you should prefer him to others,' which was not the ending she had first contemplated to her sentence, though Ethel never guessed it. ' I prefer him to the whole world,' said the girl, proudly, joyfully. 'He is nobler than anyone I ever met. He is like the heroes of long ago.' Maudie smiled. Maudie smiled. ' My dear child, don't defend him. Ineeed, I meant nothing slighting to my brother. I am very proud of him, only Ethel, I can't forget that he was a man of the world while you and I were little children at St. Albans.' Ethel answered with an air of convic tion : 'A man should always be older than his wife.' ' How delighted mamma will be.' ' Do you think so, really ?' with a crimson blush. 'You know, Maudie, I am only portionless Ethel Devreux, and Keith might look for a noble heiress.' ' You are a Devreux of Devreux, and mother has always loved you like her own child. If you have any difficulty it will come from Sir Claude not from our side.' Ethel sighed quietly. ' Papa has never loved me. I think he will be relieved to know someone else has taken the charge of me off his hands.' '- He must love you,' refusing to believe her friend's statement. 'I have heard, Ethel, that Sir Claude is a very undemon strative man.' ' And I have heard more than that,' returned her friend, in a hushed whisper. 'He never loved my mother either. His coldness arid neglect killed her as surely as. it he had pierced her heart with a knife. He never forgave me for being like her and a girl, That is the version I have heard, Maudie.' The gentle daughter of the Jocelyns sighed. She too had heard the same story, but had always tried to disbelieve it. ; . ' Who told you, Ethel?' she asked, sihmply. I daresay it was only an idle report . E Ethel shook her head. '* My old nurse told me. She had been mamma's maid, you know.' 'Don't think of it,' soothingly. ' Even if your mother's was not a happy marriage, remember your's will be different. You will make a love match. ' Yes,' dreamily. ' I have often wondered,' said Maude, more uttering her thoughts aloud than speaking to, her companion, 'does being engaged make one feel very different.' -'Very,' decidedly, After her hour's experience of the sensation Ethel felt her self'a most competent judge. I never.felt so wretchied in ,my life as when Mr. Jo'celyn-Keith, I mean-found me in the morning room.' ' Wretched I And you never told me.' ' I could not.' 'But what was your trouble ?' ' It was what they said at lunch about Miss Norton, Maudie. I believed Keith would marry her, and I knew it would mike me miserable. It told me how I loved him.' ' Foolish child I' ' But for a long time I had thought he loved her.' Maude had shared the belief, but she was far too wise to say so. ' Rosalie is very bright and fascinating. Keith likes to talk to her, that is all.' She is very beautiful,' with a suppressed sigh. ' Oh, Maudie, I wish I had black hair and eyes.' You little goose. When Keith has shown you plainly he prefers violet eyes,' Ethel hid her face upon Maude's shoulder and sobbed aloud. 'You must be ill,' said Miss Jocelyn, quietly. ' What makes you so excitable, Ethel? If you love Keitb, and are going to marry him, what occasion is there for these tears?' ' I am so frightened,' sobbed Ethel. ' It is: very foolish of me, but I love him so, aid I cannot bear to think of Miss Nor. ton.' *'I shall scold you seriously, directly,' said Maude, gravely. 'Surely you don't doubt Keith's word. The Jocelyns are noted for their truth, and he has told you how he loves you.' "But she had hard work to calm Ethel's tears--in fact, the latter left their traces upon the fair cheeks, and as Keith took ler in to dinner he asked, with fond authority, what she had been troubling herself about.' ' Nothing.' 'Nothing I' unbelievingly. ' You fool ish child, do you think I have no eyes? Don't you know, Ethel, I have a right now to share your griefs ?' 'But 1 have no griefs, really, Mr. Jocelyn. I am only stupid and fanciful,' 'I shall not let you call yourself names,' he said, smiling his rare, sweet smile. You belong to me now, and I won't let anyone speak against my property, not even your. self.' 'I'hey were in the dining-room now, and here was no time for more. If Ethel w;is unusually silent and Keith particularly gay Lord and Lady foce1n hsd b.Cy.J y'ggit and in love themselves once, and neither remasked upon the conduct of the young people. When he reached the drawing.rom Keith went at once to Ethel's side. Lady Jocelyn was dozing over her knitting, tih earl had not left the smoking-room, and Maude was busy at the piano, Surely Fate had never been kinder to any lovers, 'I want to ask you one thing, darling,' he said to his lair betrothed, under cove? of his sister's music. "You know Sir Claude so much better than I do. Do you think he will object to receive te asa future son-in-law ? Ethel whispered ,frankly that she thought her father cared so little for her that he would be glad to surrender her ta another's keeping. Keith was loth to believe that. Tohim the girl seemed so fair and winning he could not think any father careless of such a daughter. 'Shall I go to Devreux or write?' ht asked her, simply. 'I have been told your father is a very eccentric man. He may resent my coming as an intrusion, and yet I would wish to show him all fitting respect.' Ethel would willingly have let him write. She did not like the thought of losing him, but when the earl and count ess heard the great news their decision was prompt. Their son must set off at once for Devreux Court. Sir Claude had a right to expect that much of his daughter's suitor. But it so happened that for a day or two Keith's journey to Devreux Count was an utter impossibility-at least, it seemed so to htim-tlien. If he had known the evil consequences, the bitter heartache that was to come of his delay, he would have sacrificed everything and have gone. He had one or two engage. ments of long standing. One was a wedding where he had to play the role of best man. Another a political gathering, held for the express purpose of hearing his views expressed to the future constit. uency. These could not be given up. Lord and Lady Jocelyn never for an instant deemed the delay of moment, Sir Claude had confided his daughter entirely to the care of the countess. He had expressely said that so that if she married a gentleman he would be content. A future earl surely merited that name, Besides, there was an friendship between the families. Keith was the heir of a grand old name. He might have married any. body. It never dawned upon his parents that the baronet, peculiar though he was, could refuse such an alliance for hit portionless daughter. So Keith and Ethel were allowed alfe days' happiness before the suitor was banished on his mission to Devreux Count, and in the dark aftertime they used to look back upon these days with a regret all too full of pain, not unmixed with wonder that they could ever have believed such supreme bliss could last, Tie engagement was not announced. So much Lady Jocelyn considered due to Sir Claude. But still Keith managed to monopolise a great deal of Ethel's society, The sha0ow passed from his brow. liis sister told him laughingly he had grown years younger in a few days. They were vere happy at the wedding we have alluded to. Keith was best man, Maude and Lthel two of the bridesmaids, for the heroine of the ceremony had been the schoolfellow of both. l'eop!e said they had never heard a better speech than that in which.Mr. Jocelyn returned thanks for the bridesmaids. ' His will be the next wedding, I should think,' said an old gentleman mischiev. iously, to Ethel. ' And I am sure Ihcpe he'll get a nice wife,' with a knowing smile, for he was not quite blind though more than sfLty years had passed since his own wedding-day. 'I hope so,' returned Ethel, demurely, Sir Geoffrey and Lady Hamilton, although not taken regularly into conio. dence, saw pretty plainly how things were. ' Keith will have a charming wile,' said Louise, simply, to her husband as they drove away. ' But I wish he had married Miss Norton.' 9 FTP manv ws I in11isll ' He may yet,' quietly. 'Geof,, where are your eyes? Can't you see that he and Ethel thoroughly understand each other ? It is as plain as possible ?' 'I am not blind, Lulu,' slowly. 'But yet if I were a betting man I would take odds 'upon Miss Norton becoming the future Countess of' Jocelyn,' very giatelj: ' Geof., you are incorrigible. You con. fess it is plairi Keith is in love with Ethel, asnd theii declare that you believe he s!ill marry someone else.' '.Or that someone else will marry him.' Pretty Lady Hamilton felt puzzled. Putting one hand gently on her husband's arm she asked, coaxingly: 'What do you' mean ?' 'Much the same as you do, I expect, Lulu, when you say you wish your brother would marry Miss Norton. Don't you understand ?' 'No.' 'WWhy do you wish him to marry bliss Norton ?' Lulu .hesitated. Women are always slow-true ones especially-to revealeach other's heart secrets, but at last Lady Hamilton replied ' I think she cares for him, Geof. f0 course I may be mistaken, I hope I am, but Rosalie has refused far better parts thati Keith, and I cannot help thinking it is for his sake. She favours him more than she does any other man. Her wbole face softens-when she speaks to him. She is always beautiful, but she looks lovely then-at least I think so. Of course it msay.be only my fancy.' I' It is not your fancy,' said Sir Geoffsel, slowly. 'I only wonder Keith himself never guessed her secret. To me it is perfectly plain that Rosalie Norton wor ships the ground he walks on. Until to0 night I must say I fancied her imperial beauty would triumph over little Ethel's 'But now you must see Keith and Ethel understand each other.' SYes, at least it looks like it.', ' Then why do you say Rosalie will hb Lady Jocelyn ?' Geoffrey hesitated. 'There is an old proverb, Lulu, that any woman can marry any mlan. I have never seen it fulfilled, but if there is any woman in the world capable of workingit out that woman is Miss Norton.' SBut she can't marry Keith against his will.' ' If she loves him, by fair means or €cul she will marry him. Remcnemier she his led a wild Bohemian life. Her char:ct r is strong aoel passionate. She is just tte sort of girl to carry her will against all obstacles, To scorn the love of such a woman would be madness. She would triumph over all obstacles. Unl,:s I mistake, where Rosalie Norton loves she would sacrifice every instinct, conmit any) clime to gain ier end.' [rlted and n blthoed by Thsmau Dmlat, Slt 