G'eil l'Darragh, TIL'E IRISH DETECTIVE : jr, THE STRATEGY OF A BRAVE MAN. Bri OLD SLEUTII. llA ' FElt. XX11i.-(CoNT.UcnD.) lot, my dear fellow, 1 have a big game I .ut to ge you uinto, which will pay pounds U peuuies against faro.' 2 Can't we talk it over to.morrow?' Night is the time for our business, old man. I tell you,' added the blonde, with a careless laugh, I lake to get talking about muney-making at the hour when graveyardsie ,awn and the dead in phantom form go praoling around.' SHueh I hush I' said Jack, as his eyeballs started and his limbs began to tremble uncer him. 'Want is the clatter with you? Hang itll you shake like a man who has the ague, and your eyes glare like two live coals, while, on my life, your hair stands on end like a nor eupine's quills i'll give you some whinky, old fellow; your nerves are unstrung, or you sAva seen something,' said the blonde, in a tone of badinage. 'Give me a drink and let me out of here I' gasped Jack. it hat on earth do you want to get out of here for? WVy, roan, there's nor a soul in this house, but ever since I mentioned nast dark chap who you say is a detective, you have betn acting like a man who has seen a ghort.' uriArx'Eit xx X. '"arsn's speak ofrghcatie,'" oaine .r.., Od.ac swer to the blonde's remarke with which we cloued te previous chapter. O'Neil of Darragh rose from his seat and, going to a cvssoard in one corner of the room, brought toith a bottle and a couple of glabeee. Jack seized the bottle the moment it was put on ate table, and pouring one of the glasses nearly full, he drank it oil without a 'l y George! you wven dry I' xcelaimed the blonide. SG.vs me the money you promised and I'll get out of here.' 'No, no, ast down. I tell you I have a big job on hand, and there is a heap of moneyin is, we can tBurn in a few days-money enough to keep us for life i' Tne half-breed ventured another glance at the mirror. lHe saw reflected there only his own dark visage, to whichi the colour had returned by Iae effso:s of the heavy glass of whisky he had taken. Sit down. sit down I said O'Neil. 'I tell you, old man, Ill make you rich: and you'll have a list full of these fellows if you'll only settle down to business.' I As iheo,londe spoke he'dieplayed a roll of bank notee., The half-breed's eyes at once gleamed with another light far different from that which only a second or two before had illuminated them. The curse on his soul was the love of gam. bling, and to gratify this paseion he must have money. Here was a man displaying heavy notes and asking him to become a sharer in aplan to obtain thousands. Again he seized the bottle and drank oil a heavy quantum. As he drank otf thesecond glass he resumed his seat. ' You begin to look a little like yourself again now, said the blonde. ,' JiTt a second ago you reminded me of the condition I was "einonce.' W\Vnat condition was that?' asked the half- breed. ' Well, I killed a man once, and for two years was haunted by his ghost.' As the blonde pronounced the word' ghost' Jack chanced to glance once again toward she mfirrosr,when.he aain coucht eight of the blood-stained epparition which he had before seen. This time he leaped to his feet and luttered an oath, but did not show ouch signs of ter. ror as he had displayed a few recoond previ onaly. ' Hang it, old man I' said O'Neil, 'you a ct like a man who was haunted by a ghost, for every time I use the word you go shakinglike an aspen leaf. Sit down and take another drink.' Jack did not want urging to take the drink and having recovered somewhat from his first terrors, with the aid of the fumes of the whisky, he mustered suficient courage to re sume his seat. SI was telling you about my ghost,' said the blonde. Jack winced but made no reply, SThat ghost followed me for two years, but I laid him at last.' 'How did you lay him?' said Jack,his eyes bulging out with eagerness. ' Well, 111 tell you some other time. What we want to talk about now is business. This job I want you to get into with me is a good one, but there is blood to be let.' Jack involuntarily glanced in the glass; at the same moment a strange, sepulchral voice was heard to say: ' No more blood I no more blood l' The half-breed at this fell from his chair in a fit. It was fully half an hour before lf'Darragh managed to bring the fellow round. The instant Jack was restored the blonde sola to him : \- b1d man,what Pent you off in that man nec F nI want to get away from here l' murmured Jack, in basko tenet. SWhy do you want to get away?' 'Didn't you hear that voice.?' asked the hBalf- brecd. 1:; Hear what voice?' 'A voice which said, "No more blood I no more blood I'"' S'No, air I Iheard no voice. Yeou moul be drank, or else you're haunted.' Jack rote to his feeL and moved toward the door. 'Where are you going now?' asked the blonde. ' I am going to leave this house.' ' \Well, if you won't stay, I'm not going to coax you.' The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done so than he uttered a piercing scream and dashed the door to again. 'Hang it, old man I you're drunk, sure I' said the blonde, while a smile played over his face. 'Oh, heavens ' groaned Jack. ' What's the matter?' asked O'Neil. * Didn't you see it?' 'See what?' ' Whiy-why, a- a-' ' A what? My man,you are as drunk as a boiled owl. You talk more mysteries than any man I ever saw, drank or sober.' Jack moved over to the far part of the room, and said, pointing towards the en trance: 'Open that door I' M'Darragh stepped forward and opened the door. Nothing was visible. 'D By thunder II must be drunk or I'm dreamidng muttered Jack. ' What did you msTnI you saw?' asked the blonde' ' The ghost of my mother,' answered the half-breed. 'Did you kill your mother?'. 'LNo.' 'Well, then, you're drunk sure; for you will never eea a ghost unless it is the phan tom of some one you have murdered. I know that. The dotective abshut the door, when Jack tot tered across the room and opened she door himself. There, in the darkness, stood the form of Harr; Trendall. The blood shone red on his fair locks, his face pale, and his eyes gleaming with ia sir-age light. Jaca left the door standing open and, stag gering back into the room, asked, addressing the blonds: 'Da you see anything in that doorway?' 'No.'*' 'Are you sure?' ' On, go along with you, old man. You are only fooling; Don't you esupposs that if 1 saw anything there Ishould say so at once?' 1 7 The half-breed made a movement to pass through the door despite the presence of the phantom, when the latter raised his hand warningly, and motioned the terrified fellow back. Tue hall-breed recoiled, after dashing the door to. " 'ell, I'll be hanged, old boy, if you ain't making me nervous. I guess you're crazy; you make my flesh crawll' '1 saw it again t' 'Saw what;' ' My mother's ghost I' ' See here, lack, you had better go home: I do not think you good cospany. I do not want you around here. You make me ner vous.' As O'Neil spoke he advanced and opened the door. Jack glared in the passage way and saw nothizg. SThere, get out; you are tight or crazy I' said the blonde. The half-breed moved toward the door, thinking that probably the presence of the blonde might keep the apparition down, but the moment he reached the thresholdthe figure appeared in view, and waved him back as before. Ones more the Indian recoiled, stricken with cerror and exclaiming, in wild,hysteric ' Ah, ha I there it is! there it is I' SThere's what ?' asked the blonde; 'I see nothing I' The latter swaung the door to and address ing Jack, said: ' See here, old man, there is something up with you. Now, tell me just what you think you see.' Jack was quite unnerved, and too much shaken to lie any more, and he said: 'As I live, I saw the ghost of a man Insed to know ?' 'Who is the man ?' SA man who ran away.' ' rBn away from where?' ' From a place up in the country.' SThen he must have been murdered I' 'I didn't murder him 1' ' You are speaking falsely I' came a hollow voice. The half-breed's tongue clove to the root of his mouth. His face was horribly diatorted,but he was speechless. O'Neil stood by, seemingly unconscious ot any sight or sound but that which fell from the suflering man before him. At length the halt- breed found voice and asked: 'Did you hear anything?' ' Nothing.' 'The shadow spoke I' said Jack, in a gasp ing voice. O ,8 'See here, old man, you're keeping soms thing back, said the blonde. What do you mean?' ' Whose ghost is it you aee?' 'The ghost of Harry Trendall.' ' Why should his apparition appear to you, Jack ?' SI do not know.' ''Tis false1' came the voice. 'Did you hear it then?' asked Jack, in trembling tones. I heard nothing.' 'Oh, what shall I do?' muttered Jack, in a terrified tone. 'If that ghost is haunting you you must "*lay " him,' said O'Nuil. 'How can I?' said Jack. 'I tell you apparitions don't haunt men unless they want them to do something; you must find out what the gboot wants you to do, and you will be all right; that is the way C laid my 0hssL.' ' How can I Sfd out what the spirit wanes me to do?' 'You must speak to it.' ' I can't.' *You might as well do it firSat as last, old man, for as it has left its grave once it will come to you until you attend to what it wante.' Jack was silent a second, but at length muotered courage enough to say: 'Open the door.' ''Wll you speak to it?' 'Yes.' The detective at once opened the door, when there, standing in the paosage-waynwBS the figure, terrible and ghastly as when first seen. CHAPTER XXX. Calm and moteo ileco the figure stood. The half-breed stood equally motionless, but his contorted features were expressive of another menial condition than that of calm ness. Speak to it,' said the blonde. 'Do you see it?' cried Jack. 'No. but from your actions I imagine that yoe do,' was the reply. 'Oh. it's there I' murmured Jack. 'Well, speak to it; you will never have a better chance.' Dropping upon his knees and raising his hands in a pleading manner, Jack began to meove his lips, but no sound issued from them The shadow still stood silent and motton Itee. Jack at length contrived to mumble: 'Would you apeak to me?' The apparition bowed its head. Jack's face became livid and his features worked with nervous twitches, which were painful to behold. uI i At last he managed to gasp: What would you-you-' Slowly the figure raised its arm and made a swaying motion, indicating that it desired Jack to follow it. Jack shook his head involontarily, as much as to say, 'No, I will not follow thee, thnou horrid shape.' 'Why don't you speak to it if you see it ' said M'Darragb. 'I have spoken to it, and it is motioning me to follow it.' 'Don't you do it.' ' What shall I dot' ' Tell the thing to speak out, and that you will promise to obey its bbehests.' Jaok managed to articulate the words: ' Speak to me, and I will obey your com mands.' The lips of the ghost moved and, in a sep. ulbchral voice, came the words 'Will you swear?' 'Swear,' said the blonde, eagerly. 'Did you hear the voice then?' asked the half-breed. M'Darragh saw that he had given himself away, but qoickly recovered his ground by asking, innocently: i 'Didn't you say something about swear ng ?' 'It was the ghost.' 'Well, if the ghost wants you to swear, why swear away; you'll have to do it sooner or later.' '1 will swear,' said Jack. The gbost raised its hand and,in strangely awful tones, said: ' Swearn that you will do as I instruct.' :'I swear I' said Jack. "Yoor oath is recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A instant's silence followed. O'Neil innocently asked: 'What is going on ncw? What is the gbost doing ?' ' Nothing.' 'Ask what it wants you to do, man; there must be something wrong.' ' What would you have me do, Harry ' said Jack. ' YTon murdered me I said the ghost. Jack made no answer to this charge. After a considerable pause lbhe phahtom proceeded: ,You murdered me, and onless you do as I command I will haunt you until the evs. dtnme is secured that will lead to your execa tion.' 'What am Ito do?' asked Jack. '.Go to some one and reveal the hiding. place of Miss Edelin.. ' I will' ' 110 'Do it, or you die 1' Again there was a pause; when the vaice repeated the word 'remember,' and disap. peared. SToank heaven,' muttered Jack. Is it all over? said O'Neil. It's gone.' ' Well have you got a hard job ? 'No.' Toe hall- breed's nerves were completely unstrung, his firce, stubborn natore quite subdued. After a second he said: * Close the door.' MIDarragh did as requested. No suspicion seemed to hav crossed Jack a mind. He evidently appoared to accept thescene as real. - 'Take a drink I' said the blonee. Tne half-breed had just manaoged to raise a glass to his lips and drink it if, when tho word.distinctly pronounced, tell upon his ur: " 'member ' O Nail acted in a perfectly naturatlway and said: 'Now that you have got through with your ghost we can talk abous the business ae have in hand.' ' Not now,' said the half-breed. 'Why not?' the hall-bireed.ý"_'' °" ..". "T°... ·,-on°°""a 'Certainly.'. ' Can you hold a secret?' 'Certainly.' - - SWould you eare to hear what the ghost said?' 'Well, I am not particular, but I will listen to your story if it will ease your mind at all.' ,I have a secret. ' Well ?' 'The ghost commanded me to reveal that secret.' Well, you had better do as the ghost told you,' said O'Neil, carelessly. ''That is what I want to do.' ' Do you wish to confide your secret to me, then ?' 'Yes. ' Well, go ahead.' ' I had a hand in the abduction of a gal.' ' That is many a bad man's case.' 'I am to reveal the place where that gal is concealed. To whom 2' 'The ghost didn't say.' ' Well, you must interview the ghost again and find out who it wants you to reveal the secret to.' 'It said some one.' 'I am some one.' 'I will reveal the secret to you.' SI am a good man to learn a secret.' SThe gal's name is Marian Edelin; she is supposed to be dead, but she still lives and is kepts a prisoner. It was hard for M'Darragh to avoid an ex clamation or expression which would have batrayed him. He managed, however, to keep both tongue and face, and remarked in an indifferent manner: SIs the girl a relative?' ' No.' 'The girl you are engaged to ?' ' No.' SWell, what have you to do with the mat ter?' 'She is the girl the ghost was to have married on the day he died.' 'Go on with your story.' 'You have heard of the jewelled corpse that was found a few days ago ?' 'Yes.' ' Well, that was tlb body of a gel that died in the huapital, and she was dressed in the real gal's clottes.' ' Oh, let me see,' said O'Ncil, relleotively; 'It strikes me that I read something about the case. First there was aman miassag and then a girl.' TYes.' '*Well, the girl is not dead, then, afterall?' 'No.' 'Where is she hiding?' 'She is a prisoner in the house of some people near P-. '\What do they want to keep her a prisoner for ?' 'To get her property.' 'How san anyone get her property as long abe lives ?' shes soon as the excitement has blown over the gal will be poisoned and never ceen or beard of more. It is a deep game, and when it is all played out I am to have a big stake.' SAnd that is the reason you held your secret so well, you sasmp t' said the detee tlie in a tone that caused the half-breed to leap from his feet and utter an exclamation of astonishment. 'Tour game is played out, Jerk.' 'Who are you?' asked the half-breed, in strange tones. 'I am a chap who has been on your track for the last few months, and at last I have run you to earth.' A certain revelation seemed to flash over the half-breed's mind and he cried: *You are a detective!' 'I am. and you are my prisoner!' Jack clapped his hand behind him to draw - a pistol, but before be could make a move ment to use the weapon was seised from the I rear, in a tone of absolute despair he groaned: ' 1 am sold i' 'Yes. you are, you sooundrel I' The Indian turned his head and found that he was in the grasp of the ghost. Harry Trendall did not sceemrn much like a phantom at the moment, and yet his pre sence in flesh and blood appeared to unnerve his prio=eor more than if he had been an ap. parition. * Harry Trendall, alive ' ejaculated the half-breed. ' Yes, I am; but no thanks to you, you scoundrel I' MI)arragh stepped forward at this instant and before Jack was aware of what was to transpire he found his hands claspedin a pair of steel bracelets. ' Your race of crime is run, my man I'said E'Darragh. Jack was perfectly mute for a few seconds; at length his dark face assumed a dreadful hue as he said : ' You haven't got your game your own way yet.' 'Oh, yes, we have,' said O'Neil. 'You think the girl lives 2' ' Yes.' SShe is dead,' said Jack, in a tone of joy. ' I lied. Barry Trendall sprang towards the miser. able wretch, when she detective intervened and said: 'It is no nse for you to tell any more lies, Jack; I secured the girl before I secured you.' SI am not lying now. ' I know you are.' 'Why did you play the ghost on me then ?' 'i1 wanted evidence to hang you, and I wanted a witness, as you were the only wit. ness of your dreadful crime.' The half-breed saw that his whole game was up. The calm, resolute man, who had been following him day after day under various disguises, had played his game carefully and well. There was no escape for the fellow. Jack was silent for awhile, but at last he said: ' Will you grant me one favor? If you will, I will aconfess everything you want to know.' CHAPrER XXXI. 'What is the favor you wish me to grant, Jack? * 'YToiL must give me yourword of honor add then I'll put evidence in your honda to clear up all mysteries-ifter I fulfil my part you must fulfil yours.':. SIcan inake no blind promiee.'-. 'Tuen I must be silent.' 3; 'Your silence cani do no harm now.. I have learned about all I want to know, and I have eutlicient evidence to rend you where you will be harmless for the next twenty years. Jack's face was a fearful picture of extreme agouy osh said: 'I am an Indian, and do not fear death; but imprisonment to mone would be more ter rible than a hundred deaths; Shoot me,ob, in mercy, shoot me ' 1 am sorry for you, Jack, but I must do my duty; you have been engaged in several terrible eromee, and the law must take its course.' SThe half-breed was then taken away and placed-in the watchbouse and from thence to Darlinghorlt. Tne charge against him was the murdeouns assault on Harry Trendall. The later would hiave pleaded for the half breed, and refused to mane a charge against hirr, were it not for the fact that it was not in the power of the detective to permit Jack to go. JiDarragh was regularly enrolled in the police force, andi disgrace would have fallen upon hint had he consented to the half breed's relesee. A diffoiult job still remained for the detec tive to perform. nI°mlradd-dd.in usanvbasclead_. the truth in the firat place, when he said that Horian was a prisoner in Jonathan Turner's house. It was a very probable thiog, at least, as the Turner mansion was situated in a park, at least a mile removed from any other resi dence. Besides, the detective had learned one very suspiious faot-all the servants had been dis missed from Ridge Grove on the plea that Mr. T'urner and his wife were going to move to the city. Weeks had passed and the removal had not taken place; on the contrary, Mr. Turner and his wife had rimtsined sectuded in their home, refulsing to ee company on one plea and another,. And all that time they were dependent on the services of one servant-a girl who claimed to have been an old servant in Mrs. Turner's family before the latter left Eng land. One important fact it is necessary to re cord. ,'Darragh was well acquainted with the character of Mrs. Turner. He knew her to be a desperate and re vengeful woman, who, in the last extre mity would perform any act, no matter how fiendish. it .,as late at night when a man alighted from a train at the station nearest to Ridge irovse. Hlie wasoe dressed in an uncouth manner and looked like an uld farmer. Hie did not linger around the station, but started afoot the snstant he left the train and look the road leading to the Turner man. Bion. He was a rapid walker, and soon reached the belt of woods frequently described during the course of our narrative. Once under the shadow of the trees, he darted into the woods and disappeared on the side leading toward Indian Jack's cabin in the forest. Hall an hour after the singular stranger's disappearance into the forest, a egure came stealinag out upon the road from the same di rection. One glance was suflicient to indicate that the individual was an Indian. The latter was dressed in the rough clothes that had usually been worn by the half-breed when sauntering around his un tive hills. Upon his feet, however, instead of boots were a pair of ornamental moccasins, which enabled him to move over toe ground with noiselest step. He made his way straight to Ridge Grove house. The hour was past midnight. The mansion stood on the blofE or knoll which rose at least fifteen feet above the surrounding level, thus giving the house a lofty and imposing appearance, and causing it to cast its shadow far across the well-kept lawn. When the man came nuder the shadow of the bouse he passed round it several times, etodying every window. Every light seemed to be out, as not the faintest glimmer struggled through any of the windows. The fellow carried a small satchel with him, and after having satisfied himself in the purpose which had caused him to pass round and round the house, he came to a halt under the shadow of the rear purtieo,the roof of which was on alevel with the secondstory windows. The man here opened his saichel and drew forth a stout knotted rope, on she end of which was adjusted a large steel hook, so ar ranged as to be easily made fast to any pro jeating object. The half-breed was very deliberate in every movement; and,whatever his purpose might be, he had evidently come fully prepared so carry it out. i One skilfull throw landed the book upon ithe edge of the portico roof, and at once, in an agile manner, the man commerced to ascerd. TO or C ;TrscInrrD O 12 