THE STORY TELLER. A The Doctor Eudor. ies, ves, replied lie. But still he did not turn from his glowing furnace. " So ill, so very ill, doctor, that I fear " " Go to the deuce with your fears ! Do you not sec, good woman, that I am busy ?" The doctor threw two Landfills of white powder in the vase, and went on reading some old parchments. The old woman drew a long and deep sigh. The doctor was a young man, twenty-eight- years of age, perhaps, but it was difficult to guess at it from his pale and emaciated coun tenance. Suddenly he exclaimed' — "I have it ! — admirably, admirabl done. Now, old mother, I am a your service," added he, as if the old woman was still there — but she had gone. The doctor poured into a small bottle his chemical preparation, a blue liquid whieb produced a sweet per fume. Ho threw his dark mantle over . liis disordered clothes and left the laboratory. It is twenty minutes' fast - walking from the Qnai de l'Hovloge to the Ruedes Tournelles.. In twenty min utes the doctor had reached his desti nation. He stepped before a large and handsome house, the walls thai surrounded the courtyard were high and thick, the door solid and bordered with iron. He knocked, and from behind a barred window a servant recognised and admitted him. " Alas ! Dr. Eudor," said a man of about sixty years of age, " I have but verv little hope." The doctor hardly restrained a smile, but the old man did not perceive it — his eves were filled with tears. " Yon must not give up entirely, M. le Comte ; nature and science have so many resources." These consoling words were uttered in a sneering manner, and the count continued to weep. Without adding a word, he drew aside a covering of thick tapestry, and entered a large and sombre apartment The count fol lowed him. It was the patient's room. In the background, surrounded by curtains, stood the bed. The doctor approached and motioned to the count to open the window. The beautiful face of a female then became visible ; suffering bad scarcely altered her delicate and perfect- features Her sweet face was Indeed pale, and beneath her long, black eyelashes was a small blue circle. But who would not have preferred her appearance, ill as she was, to the most blooming beauty ?" After a few moments of silee e- Eudor gently lifted the coverlid and took the arm of the patient to feci her pulse. "The crisis will take place when . she. awakes — the least emotion may prove fatal. You must retire, sir." The count, after a moment's hesita tion, went out — the doctor promising to call him as soon as possible. A flash of joy brightened the fea tures of the young man when he found himself alone in the room and his countenance, animated by strong emo tion, appeared singularly beautiful. He no longer stopped to gaze ; but kneeling by the bedside, he covered with ardent kisses the hand of the young woman — he fondly passed his fingersthroughthe light and dishevelled curls, and even dared to press her burning and parched lips. This awoke the countess. The doctor did not change his pos ture ; he remained oil his knees, and still held the patient's hand. She turned her beautiful eyes towards him and started with mingled surprise, fear, and joy. " Felice," said Eudor, " we are alone, alone for one hour. I will not toll you," he continued, "all the diffi culty it has occasioned me to get into ymr dwelling. Still my title of doctor is not n disguise. I was a student, you remember, when I saw you for the first time. "What a recollection J But now, when, for five years, you have enjoyed rank, fortune, honors, you know what they are worth. You also know the happiness I can offer you. poor and obscure as 1 am, and it will no longer be deceiving you to say, ' Felice, will you change — will yon follow me?" After a minute of silence the coun tess said in a sweet and melancholy tone of voiee — " Eudnr. why do you thus torment a poor suffering woman ? Is this a time to talk thus to me? Probably vui know even better than myself that it would he no longer in my power i to accept of the guilty happiuess you offer me. I feel so weak ; soon, very scon, I trust, all -will be over — fears and sorrows, and this broken heart will be at rest." " Whv these sad thoughts ?" " Sad ? oh, no ! they are happy ones. IIow often have I prayed to he taken from this earth, where all happiness is lost to me." " Then." said Eudor, " you would like to " " Die," replied the countess, calmly. " Wei!, then said Eudor, disengaging his hand, "let the will of Heaven he done !"' He retreated a few stops, and con cealing himself behind the -curtains, he drew from his borem the vial he had placed there on entering. An instant V \ more, and lie calmly presented to Felice a. cup filled to the very brim with tho blue liquid. The countess put the cup to her lips and while she slowly drank it, Eudor continued— " You will sleep as if after a dance, quietly rocked with the sounds of sweet music, your flowers and your dress before your eyes." " Yes,'.' replied the countess, return ing to him the empty cup, " yes, all my happy recollections will assist" me at this moment, since you are there, you with whom all the joys and plea sure- of my past life are connected." Her last look, her last sigh were for the only one she had ever loved, and death seized his prey. Did Eudor display grief at her mournful end ? He gazed at her calmly ; but' now and then, as if to quiet some impor tune thought, he repeated — " She wished to die. The worst can only be that her wish has been granted." He called the count and led him to the bed. "You aie the person to close her eyes." The despair cf the old man was heart-reiidjng. He fell senseless by the body of Lis wife. When the count was come from the chamber Eudor returned to the bed side. lie seemed to feel an exquisite pleasure in watching the body. The closed eyes, the stiffened limbs, the features once so beautiful, now pale and sunken. He gazed and mur mured, with a smile — " 'Tis right, no breath, no life — cold — rigid — dead !" Tlie room soon filled with domestics, all with tears in their eyes and grief at their hearts and on their lips. All prayed for the soul of the deceased, " She will go straight to Paradise," said they, " she was so good." There was in the room an old rela tion. Eudor addressed her — " She must be buried as soon as pos sible," said he ; " her disease is contagious, and if you wait more than two hours, your lives will all be in danger." Half frightened to death, the old woman gave her orders, the church bells began to toll, the crosses were raised, the lights prepared, the rooms hung with mourning, and slowly the funeral procession came from the church. The coffin was there, but the coun tess was still on her bed. The old aunt approached, scissors in hand. One would have thought her the rep resentative of Fate severing the thread ' of life. A golden tress was already between the instrument. Eudor rushed forward. " Are you mad ? Do you wish to join her? This hair, still wet with death sweat, bears the seeds of death. Leave it alone, or rather, think of burning the bed, the garments, and all that she touched. Relics, indeed ! remember her words ana her deeds." He then placed her in the coffin ; four men lifted it on their shoulders, and the. funeral procession moved. # Three hours had elapsed since the last ceremonies had been performed. Tlie rays of the moon striking on the painted window-pains threw strange figures over the white and lofty walls of the church. Suddenly a slight noise was heard, a footstep, a man carrying a lantern and long extinguisher' appeared. It was the sexton. He went his rounds in silence, and as he ret urned suddenly dropped his extinguisher and uttered a loud, exclamation. The cause of his surprise and affright was a man leaning against a pillar, immovable, and so weak, so suffering, that apparently he had not strength enough to drag him from the church when the last- bell had tolled ; his dry and sunken eyes were fixed on the face of the sexton, and his light hand supported his aching brow. ' Bountiful Providence, is it a ghost ?" said Maitre Arnoux, the sexton ; and as he pronounced these words he let his lantern shine full upon the stranger. " What are you doing here, sir ?" said he, when he found he had to deal, not with a ghost, but with a j-ouug and handsome man. " The church is closed." The person to whom these words were addressed answered only by a half suppressed groan ; his limbs gave way and he fell on the pavement. " May my good saint, St. Anthony, help me," exclaimed Maitre Arnoux ; " what am I to do with this man? I verily believe he is half dead." As he uttered these words he shook him violently by the sleeve, and, fill ing his hands with holy water, bathed his temples. The young man opened his eyes. " I am very weak indeed," said he, in a low and faltering voice. "My sufferings have overwhelmed me. . . . Have you no cordial, good man ?" " I have but one," replied the sexton, " which is excellent for recall ing one to sense — good wine." " Yes, I think a little wine might restore me." " Well, then, my friend, you must crawl up to my cell ; for it would be offending the saints to drink here." Assisted by Arnoux, the young man reached a little door that opened into the church, and, having ascended the winding staircase, found himself in the rooms of the sexton, who immedi ately poured out some wine for him. " W ell friend, do you feel better now ?" " Much, much better," replied Eudor (for he it was), while his com panion emptied a large glass. " His excellency the archdeacr 11 does not drink and to compare to it," ex claimed the sexton in his bacchnalian enthusiasm. At last, after emptying his cup for the thirteenth time (fatal number), the joyous drinker burst into a loud tit of laughter, threw back his head and stretched his cramped legs. This motion was too rapid ; his feet slipped oil the floor, and he fell fiat. 'The doctor immediately sprang on him as a dog on the wild boar just wounded by the hunter's ball , quickly and silently he drew from the sexton's belt a bunch of keys, seized his lan tern, cleared with one jump the wind ing staircase and found himself in the. church. The door opened ; Eudor, was in the damp repository of the dead. Amidst all the splendid monuments there was one place where the earth had been newly turned up and a wreath of flowers thrown over it. That was it. Eudor pushed aside the wreath and dug away at the last resting-place. The coffin appeared, the- lid was broken, and once more he contemplated his victim. At this instant the clock struck ; the doctor counted the slowly proceed ing strokes with terror — he counted ten. " Well ? ' Opportunum post duo- deeim horas momenitum pcrnianebit. There is stilljjplenty of time. Ha.ing pun >uccd the mysterious words lie raised the corpse as carefully as if it had been a sleeping women he was afraid of disturbing, and laid it on his cloak. The coffin was empty, but when the monument would be finished they would find it lightened of its contents, and what might then be sus pected ? The grave must be filled. The cof fin must have its weight. Eudor threw in it the statue of a saint, worm- eaten and abandoned, and carefully nailing it up once more, placed it underground. Eudor then bent over the body of the countess, and after a anxious ex amination raised it in his arms, left the churchyard, and through dark and out- of-the-way streets at leugth reached his du elling. # » In 1(101, seventeen years after this adventure, a duel took place one night on the Q.uai de l'Horloge, between the Chevalier de Comminges and tlie young Marquis de Tuques. The latter having received a" wound in the side, was car ried ly his attendants to Dr. Eudor's, whose dwelling was near and his repu tation great. Recalled to life by the skilful care that was taken of him the marquis was struck with the re- markablelikencss,not\vithstandingabe- tween great difference of age, which ex- istedthe wife of the doctor and the late- Countess de la Japucs, his aunt, who had died at the age of twenty-two, and of whom he had only seen tlie portrait. — Translated from the French. 