MEN'S STORIES. Wo menu no treason or disloyalty to tho undoubted rlglils of tho fair nox to tho high places of internal, in tho realms of fiction, in oxprcaahig thu liumblu opinion that somo entertainment can lie dotivod fix>m etories devoted to inon nud their doitigB. It lion boon oaid by noincnno of a humorous turn that tlie reading of nucli ntorics i.a tho amuaomunt of ghosts a.t Chrintums would, doubtless, ndvnncu tins nun roason why ghosts aro melancholy. Possibly sho would bo right Tho ghost of n onco bank defaulter, trying to nmuso tho ghost of a onco dofvnted enndidatu for Pariia- tnontnry honors, by rending tho history of Damon and Pythias, would have rather a bard tank of it. Thuy woru exemplary and uolf-denymg young men well uuitod for a dolmtiiig uocioty or Mutual Admira tion Club. But there is not much fun in thuir story, nud cortnuily no oxcito incut equal to that felt by tho 'fcniiuinu rendor whon tho goldon-hoired Gladys, twi'cu divorced, nud mnrricd for thu third tiiNo under n falso name, writhes her willowy form" with tho infernal graco of a Satanelln, and convorta horsolf into a subject for a coroner's In quest by means of a "tiny phial" of poison. At tho samo timo might nob somo of tho lower creation, some of the aomi-bnrbarous, unapprociativo creatures, known ns mon, havo a Blight ground tor grumblo at the prcforonca shown to th-oir fair tyrants in this direction 1 Thoro are soma stories In connoctton with tho lives of mon worth reading and thinking over, ovon whon titoso linos, aro not thrillingly connected with a heroine oxccpt, porhops, at their outsot. As a mottor of faot, thu passion ot love, or wbntovor olso ono may please to call.it, is brought much moro prominently forward in fiction than it ovor is in real indivi dual privoto life. Tho majority ot mon "love" all somo period of their oxiritonco. Somotimes it is whon thoy aro young, and then thoy nro alternately -calfiah and ardent. Sometimes it is. whon. thoy aro old, and then thoy aro gono rally foolish. Bat ovon in this, tho ond of tha nineteenth contury, thu ago of sensation, scandals and atortling divorces, tho majority do nob 'gash in public. If thoy aro wpundod,' thoy sook to hido it tilltho scar bo hoalod. Tho hero of the modern society novol, whon rojectod, has numerous methods of euro, and tho rcador ia taken ontiraiy into hit confidence. lasomainstancosjbomtirosto bis ducal halls' and sulks, I9 othora ho gambles wildly or beta fpgiouriy, and booomes a thing of joy unto -bookmakers, notil rcscuod by somo " truly womanly creation" who has had in oyq bo him from tho ataxt. y. Fading tfaeaa ffesoprcos, bo yacht handy— to tho Norway fiaharies, or ridos rccklcraly through Oriental climes in search of that " big game" in which his soul delightcth. .South Africa ulro has boon a great re tource of fictioniKts lately, fortliercthe discomfited lover can do almost every thing, from joining an expeditionary trek to discovering a diamond iinno or Rumpling Capo brandy. Thoro nro dozens of thuso Htricknii lovurs on tho Bhelvus of every circulating library. But aro thoro not soma stories of men who havo no yachts or ducal balls, or horses to ride, or oven money with which to pay tho faro on an ordinary and itn romantic steamer. Might not tho storioa of somo of Lheso men be found interest ing, oven though tho " woman " is cut out of thuir lives? May bo sumo enlist, but by no moans all. Thoro is not a lovo romance hidden nway in tho bosom of ovory Tommy Atkins in tho Queen's service. There aro far moro who crawl nwny back to tho dull routino of their daily lives and try whether sheor hard monotonous work cannot euro thuir wounds. Abmluto "graft, "as tho phraso goes, is not a bad Jiuodyno in such oomplaints. Othor victims, again, rush to scienco for relief and seek consolation for a lost beauty in a newly found boollo, and thuro aro not wanting instances of a few who havo retired, in bitter loneliness, to a boundary rtdcrship, or oven to a bank- clerkship in a far up- country township. Might not thu stories of hucIi men bo told with soino advantage. If only thoy served as warning beacons to adventurous spirits to kcop away from tho Sirou rocks, bohiod which many mysteries nro hid den. It is not given to every man to bo a Dlyflses. and yot ho may bu nblo to toll an crpmllv interesting and possibly n inoro truthful atory. A well-known French writer, M. Paul Hourgct.hoB written lately verycharmingly on this subject, and shows how much and deop interest may bo found in the livoa of men, who, after sinking on thoir knees buforo a lady, and being told, meta phorically, tu go about thuir husincRS, do ho with alacrity and even cheerfulness. Fur bo it from us to praise tho Knight who Uglily lovos and as lightly rides away, but might not ono peep advantageously into the after story of him who walks soberly nwny and looks after himself and others in a steady, use ful and prosaic fashion, inatend of run ning into debt for n voyago some- where, or cinbozzling from his employers to raisu tho means of a wild and . howling orgio? Wo mnko n« great accord of tho slightly rinky, and sometimes nzure- tintud, " men's storioa," nuid to circukvto in Clubland \ but tho fair soukcrs afcur tho mfiVago may rest assured that such stories aro really not so numerous nor so bad ns to require thuir legislative interference. On thu other hand, u finv "men's stories" might easily bo found, even in this work- n-dny lilu, not utterly devoid of intoroat, and worthy, porhajw, to form tho subject of'" n paper to bu rend " nt tho Austral .Salon in dofenco of that over-rated but still, in some respects usoful, creation. —Man. 