CHAPTER XXX. Calm and mot'o iless the figure stood. The half-breed stood equally motionless, but his contorted features were expressive of another mental condition than that of calm ness. * Speak to it,' said the blonde. ' Do you see it?' cried Jack. ' No. bat from your actions I imagine that yon do,' was the reply. ' Oh, it's there 1' murmured Jack. ' "Well, speak to it; yon will never have a ! better chance.' Dropping upon his knees and raising his I hands in a pleading manner, Jack began to move his lips, but no sound isened from | I them. The shadow still stood silent and motion leEF. Jack at length contrived to mumble: ' Would you speak to ine ?' The apparition bowed its bead. J auk's face became livid and _bia features worked with nervous twitches, whioh were painful to behold. <jil 19 At last he'znanaged to gasp: * What would you—you—* Slowly, the figure raised its arm and made a swaying motion, indicating that it desired Jaoktoiollow.it.! Jack shook his head involuntarily, as much as to say, 'No, I will not follow thee, thon horrid shape.* ' Why don't you speak to it if you see It ?* said M'Darragb. * I have Bpoken to it, and it »B motioning me to follow it.' Don't yon do it.' * What shall I do f' ' Tell the thing to speak out, and that yon will promise to obey its behests.* Jack managed to artioulate the words: ' Speak to me, and 1 will obey your com> mends.' The lips of the ghost moved and, in a sep ulahral voioe, came the words : •Willyou swear?' •Swear,'said the blonde, eagerly. . 'Did you hear the voioe then?'asked the half-breed. M'Dsrragh eaw that he had given himself away, but quickly recovered his ground by asking, innocently; i 'Didn't you eay something aboutBwear hg?' * ft was the ghost.' ' Well, if the ghost WantB you to swear, why swear away; you'll have to do it sooner or later.' ; ■* 1 will swear,' saidJack. The ghost raised its'faand and,in strangely awful tones, said: . ' Swear.that you will do as 1 instruct;'. * I swear 1'said-Jack. 1 Your oath is reoorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A instant's silence followed. - \- ;.0'N.eiIinnoceatly asked: * What is going on now ? What is the ghost doing ?' ; 'Nothing.' . ' Ask what it wants you to do, man; there must be something wrong.' * What would yon have me do, Harry 7' said Jack. • ' You murdered me1 said the ghost. : Jack made no answer to this charge. After a considerable pause the phantom proceeded; . .. ' You murdered me, and unleBS you do sb I command I will haunt you until the evi dence is secured that will lead to your execu tion.' ' What am I to do ?' asked Jack. ' Go to someone and reveal the hiding place of Miss Edelin. ~ 'I will1' ( •'. 130 . ' Do it, or yon die 1' [ ; Again there .was a pause, when .the voice repeated the word 'remember,' and disap peared. * Thahfc heaven,' muttered Jack. * Is it all over?' said O'Neil. •It's gone.' ' Well have yon got a hard job ?' '•No.' The half-breed's nerves were completely unstrung, his fierce, stubborn nature quite subdued. After a second he said:. ' Close the door.' ' M Darragh did as requested. No suspicion seemed to haveArossed Jacks mind. ' . ' , ' ' He evidently iappsared to aooept the soene as real. * Take a drink j' said the blonde. The half-breed had just managed to raise a glass to bis lips and drink it cf!, when the1 word, distinctly pronounced, fell upon his esr : ' * Bimember 1* 0 Neil acted in a perfectly natural way and said: - _ '■ ■ < Now that yon have got through" with your ghost we can talk about the busineBB we have in hand.'' . v\\. * Not now,' said the half-breed. «wny not ?' ■ ' Are you a friend of mine, Tom f enquired the half-breed. \- • Certainly.' ' Can you hold a secret ?' '■Certainly.' ' Would you oare to hear what the ghost said?' 'Well, I am not particular, but I will liBten to your story if it will eaee your mind at all.' # ' I have a secret. 'Well?' 'The ghost commanded me to reveal that eeoret.' ' \- ' Well, you had better do as the ghost told you,' said O'Neil, carelessly. ' That is what I want to do.' 1 Do you wish to confide your secret, to me, then ?' . * Yes. * Well, go ahead.' ' I had a hand in the abduction of a gal.' ' That is many a bad man's ease.' ' I am to reveal the place where that gal is concealed. * To whom ?' * The ghost didn't say.' * Well, you must interview the ghost again and find oat who it wants you to reveal the secret to.' ' It said some one.' ' I am some one.' 'I will reveal the secret to you.' ' I am a good man to learn a secret.' | ' The gal'e name is Marian Edelin; she is | supposed to be dead, but ehe still lives and 13 | kept a prisoner. It was hard for M'Darragh to avoid an ex clamation or expression -which would have batrayed him. He managed, however, to keep both tocgne and face, and remarked in an indifferent manner: «Is the girl a relative ?' 'No.' ' The girl you are engaged to ?' 'No.' ' Well, what have you to do with the mat ter?' » ' She is the girl the ghost was to have married on the day he died.' * Go on with your etory.' 'You have heard of the iewelled corpse tbat was found a few days ago ?' 'Yes.' * Well, that was the body of a gal that died in the hospital, and ehe was dressed in the real gal's clothes.' * Ob, let me see,' said O'Neil, reflectively; 'It strikes me that I read something about the case. First there was a man missing and then a girl.' ' Yes.' ■ Well, the girl is not dead, then, after all ?' 'No.' ■ Where is ehe hiding ?' ' She is a prisoner in the houee of some people near P * What do they want to keep her a prisoner for?' 1 To get her property.' * How can anyone get her property as long she lives ?' * A8* soon as the excitement has blown over the gal will be poisoned and never eeen or beard of more. It is a deep game, and when it is all played out I am to have a big stake.' ' And that is the reason you held your secret so well, yon soampl' said the detec tive in a tone tbat caused the half-breed to leap from his feet and utter aD exclamation of astonishment. ' Your game is played out, Jack.* ' Who are you ?' asked the half-breed, in strange tones. * I am a ohap who has been on your track for the last few months, aiid at last I have run you to earth.' A certain revelation seemed to flash over the half-breed's mind and he oried : •You are a detective !' ' I am. and you are my prisoner!' Jack clapped his hand behind him to draw a pisiol, hut before be could make a move ment to nse the weapon was seized from the rear, In a tone olabsolate despair he groaned: *1 am Bold.!' v_.M ;.2 •YeB. you are, you scoundrel 1' The Indian turned his head and found that he was in the grasp of the ghost. Harry Trendall did not seem much like a phantom at the moment, and! yet his pre sence in flesh and blood appeared to unnerve., hie prisoner more than if he had been an apr parition. . 'Harry Trendall, aliveI' ejaonlated the half-breed. ' Yes, I am;, bat no thanks to yon, yon scoundrel IV M-Darragh stepped forward at this instant and beloie Jack was aware of what was to transpire he found his hands clasped in a pair pfeteel bracelets. ' Tour race of crime is run, my man 1' said M'Darragh. Jack wbb perfectly mute for a few seoonds; at length his dark face assumed a dreadful hueasheB&id;: • Ton haven't got your game your own way yet.1 Oh, yes, we have,' said O'Neil. 1 You think the girl lives ?' 'Yes.' ' She is dead,' said Jaok, in a tone of joy. ' I lied." Harry Trendall sprang towards the miser able wretch, when the detective intervened and said: 'It is no use for you to tell any more lies, Jack; I secured the girl before I secured you.' • I am not lying now.* • I know you are.'. ' Why did you play the ghost on me then ?' ' i wanted evidence to hang you, and I wanted a witness, as you were-the only wit-. neB3 of your dreadful crime.' The half-breed saw that his whole game was up. The calm, resolute man, who had been following him day after day nnder various disguises,' had played his game Carefully and well. There was no escape for the fellow. Jack was silent for awhile, but at last he said: 'Willyou grant me one favor? If you will, I. will confess everything you want to 