Echoes. Liedertafel Concert to-night. A black beauty. Ask Tom Collins. Liedertafel Smoking Concert to-night. A. M. says the wages of gin is breath. John Byan has made a joke. A fall in Hides. Tom Collins has been found at last. A dark mystery. Railway exeur-ion to Myola to-morrow. Single fares. Railway excursion to Kuranda to-morrow Siogle fares. Those who want good horses should look out for Sturt's sale on Saturday. It is repoited there are three cases of leprosy in the Rockhampton district. Last appearance in Cairns of Mr. Slade as conductor of the Liedertafel to- night. The Countess Russell lost her suit against her lord and master for judicial separation. Brisbane Races.-The Derby was won by Splendide, Babel 2nd, Prime Minister 3rd. The cap worn by the Cairns ghost has been captured by the police. It fits a lot of people. The reports concerning the revolt at Pekin have been exaggerated. There were only fifteen rebels. The French press asserts that Enjjland and China have entered into an alliance against Russia. Danker, the chemist, has some beautifnl almanacs. He will have better ones next year of Alec Wilsou. Captain Howell won his case in Towns- ville, and now says what is salts for the goose is salts for the gander.: The Mount Morris shearers, who were summoned for breach of agreement, have each been fined J£3 and costs. The Stock Exchange approves of Mr. Goschen's scheme for the issue of pound notes, but the bankers regard the idea un- favourably. - In interviewin-: Sir Samuel it might be as well to remember that we need not work so beastly hard for posterity. What bas pros teri'y ever done for us ? Latest news from Pekin is to the effect that the Imperial troops fought the rebels east of Kinchow on Friday and Saturday, killing GOO, including the leader. The Hon. Mr. Washington, British Minister at Pekin, has telegraphed con- firming the reported massacre of Christians but adds that they were all Chinese natives, and no Europeans among them. The quantity of sugar exported from the various.porte of Queensland from the 24th October, to the 20th November, 1891. amounted tx> 4122 tons, making a total of 23,393 tons during the present season. in Germany. The Berlin Courts are par- tially at a standstill, the judges, officials and witnesses all suffering. The mining district of Wuldenburg ia being ravaged by the com- plaint. With regard to the swampy allotments that require filling in we have received the following communication from a correspon- dent-evidently a Scotchman. " So rr-why don't the mane blagards of aldermen pre- vent stagnant warners from running in strames all over the shop, while little chil- dren who can neither talk or walk run about the town blashphaming their maker." We give it up. 