CHAPTER vnr. XX EXEMT AND A FlttEXD.' ‘ Aro the ponies ready, Gny ?’ | ‘ Yes, sir. Shall I send for Constance ?’ j ‘Noton any account. Sho is dressing, slvl f would not have her hurried. She has as little need of tho aid of the toilet as anybody ctrald have, hut I like to sec her come in with that com posed, queenly air of hers, looking as if dress were tho last thing she had thought of. And it is only because she is always so faultlessly dressed that sho can look so.’ I,C- 8 Guy smiled ; for during the two weeks that had elapsed since the first coming of his cousin, Sir Hichard’s infatuation for his daughter hail con stantly grown, so that ho found a pleasure in as cribing to her all the attributes of a queen, ora goddess, or bath. But Guy was in no wise disin clined to agree with his uncle, for to him, too, she was the perfection of womankind. His feeling for her was one of wild longing and blind wor Towards her father she had been almost uni formly affectionate and kind, and the old man had, under tho warming influence, lost all cf that piteous timidity which her first cold greeting of him had engendered. He was her father, and she his daughter, and his pride and adoration of her was boundless. But towards Gny she had main tained a reserve which sho rarely broke through, and it seemed to act rather as a spur to his pas sion than as a deterrent. She came down this morning dressed, as her father had said, faultlessly: but it was not be cause, as he thought, sho gave any great care to her toilet, but rather because she had the instinct of good taste, which enabled her to subordinate her clothes and give them a character instead of taking one from them, as so many women do, at the expense of seeming overdressed. She smiled brightly at her father, and courte onFlyatGiy, and tho latter turned away with a sigh while tho former advanced and took her hand, with the words: ‘ If I did not know better, I should think you had the Graces for handmaidens.’ * And I should think I had a lover instead of a * \ lover as well as a father, my darling. I do not think any man will ever love you more,though lie may love yon differently.’ ‘ Why cannot a father’s love be onough ?' she asked, with a strange shadow in her wonderful '1 Xhe ponies are waiting,’ said Gut, in a tone that said plainly enough that he had no heart for such converse. They were going to a garden party at Yyner Castle. For two weeks, as Sir Richard had foreseen, the hall had been beseiged by ail the aristocracy of the county, who had como to see the suddenly found daughter of Sir Bichard Eartleigh. And now the first of a series of festivities in her honor had been prepared by Lord Randolph Yyner, and the whole county, led by the Duke and Duchess of Beidaire, was to be there, Xhe garden party was the result of a conversa tion between the little Lady Gladys Yyner and her mother. They had been to see tho fair daughter of Hariliigh, and had come away with mixed emotions. Neither spoke until the carriage was well away from the Hall. Then said Lady ‘ What do yon think of her, mamma V * She is very beautiful, and a true Hartleigh.’ ‘ Yes; and there seems no reason for the talk that she has not been brought up as a lady.’ * No; her manners aro absolutely perfect. Blood ! alone could not do it. She has had the education necessary to a woman of fashion.’ I ‘ Have you heard it said that she and Guy are to he married ?’ >•< ’ '• ‘ His Grace of Beidaire had it from Sir Richard himself.’ ‘ Why did you r.st tell mo before V and the little lady with the angel faco and heavenly blue eyes flashed a glance at her mother that told a story of some temper hidden away under all that sweet prettiness. ‘Now, Gladys, dear, don’t be unreasonable. What was the use of telling you ?’ ‘ It would have saved mo the mortification of discovering for myself that Guy had no eyes ex cept for her.’ * I would not give another thought to Guy, my ‘ I did not say I would. Did you notice that sho evaded any question that had any reference to her past life?’ ‘ 1 cannot say that I did.’ ‘ There will bo no end of receptions, balls and parties given in her honor, no doubt.’ ‘ Sure to lie; Sir Richard is too important to be neglected. Besides, the Duke is so partial to him. They were companions in their youth.’ ‘ What are you going to do, mamma?’ * I have not thought of it, dear.’ ‘ Why not give a garden party ?’ ‘ A very good thought. X will.’ ‘Issue the invitations at once, so that we will be the first to show our good will.’ _ ‘ Certainly, dear, if you wish it,’ answered Lady Yyner, fondly. ‘Nothingconldbe in better keeping. We are tho nearest neighbours, and it will fall naturally to ns to be first.’ And so they were tho first to draw Constance from the Hall. It was a glorious summer day on which the garden party was to ho held, and the sight that greeted the eyes of Constance as she drove her spirited ponies to the castle was a very pretty one. The gentlemen were aU in white flannel, and the ladies were, like herself, in pretty lawn cos tumes. It was easy to see, by the rush of gentlemen to ward the phaeton, that Constance had made an impression on the male portion of the county. And, certainly, nothing could have been at once more cordial and pretty than the way Lady Gladys with lawn tennis racket in her hand ran to greet the guest of the day. ‘lam so glad tosce you, dear! Youmnsttake my play at tennis, and you must play, too, Mr. Guy. Oh, 1 can’t take any excuse, for I know you are getting one ready, Miss Constance. You really must play.’ ‘ But unfortunately, I don’t know how.’ They were walking across the lawn now, and Lady Gladys had her arm affectionately around her companion’s waist. ‘ Don’t know how?’ and there was a singu lar inflection in the girl’s tone. * No; I have never learned the game though I do not doubt I shall like it when I do learn,’ • Of course you will. Why don't yen get Wny to tracli vori ? Ue is a splendid player—the best we have.’. ‘ I shall watch yon pi ty, and sometime) I will get you to show mo how." ‘1 will do..that now. Come. Gentlemen. Sltss £X»r:!> igh will take my play, and 1 will show h- r the ga lie.' If hi any-chance it had been a part of the plan of the little lulylo display her own grace atifte tsper.se of the awkwardness ol a neophyte, die was doomed to disappointment; for Constance, with the readiness oi ono who has made a study of posturing, knew how to learn without awkward ness. Indeed it was not long bifore there were expressions of incredulity that sho had never played before. Lady Gladys herself sold; ‘ Oh, you must have played before. Why, to say nothing of your play, which is quite as good as my own, one must have iived entiiely oat of the world not to have learned lawn tennis.’ Constance turned her dark, searching eyes down on the little creature and studied the face with its innocent bine eyes end guileless man ‘ Have lan enemy here?* ehe asked herself. ‘ I am not deceived by the child’s simplicity; but why should she dislike nre ? I will watch her. A man I may deceive, but a womau, even sach as this, is more to be dreaded than ten men.’ ! ‘I have lived out of tjje world, yon know,’ aha said, aloud, without betraying a particle of annoy ‘Oh, 1 thought you had spent your time in travelling,’ and thS blue eyes sought the brown ones with a «e«y pretty assumption of inno cence. • And so I have, and that is no doubt the reason why I have not learned to play lawn tennis.’ The brown eyes wero inscrutable, and the blue ones turned away witli just the ghost of a flash in them. Tbjy Usd learned nothing, and Lady Gladys did not care to carry her inquisition any further.' ‘ Oh, here is his grace t’ she exclaimed. ‘ Have yon coff.0 to admire Miss HartleigU’s playing, your grace ?’ *1 ofu prepared to admire anything Miss Hart leigb Joes,’ answered the duke, gallantly. • fn that case,’ said Constance laughingly, ‘ I shall take care not to try anythingin the presence of your grace that I am not sure of doing well. And as this game is finished 1 will take your S'.aco's arm and listen to you, for I can always listen well when I have eloquence at my ear,” • What flattery 1 It deserves a punishment. I rtiall refuse you my arm and turn yon over to a younger man. Here is my nephew, Lord Alger non Lintel. Algv, come here.’ Constanco glanced up and became conscious of one of the most exquisite faces she had ever seen. It had in it nothing of manly strength, hut it was full of a sweetness and refinement seldom met even in a woman. It had lines in it that told of pain suffered, but there was nothing to indicate anything but submission and resignation. There was an infinite pathos in the large violet- blue eyes and in the delicate, sensitive lip, bat there was cheerfulness, too, and Constance was won by the face, even before her womanly pity was aroused by the sight of the frail body and crippled limb which went with the rare face. ‘ Algy, this is Mias Hartleigh. 1 turn her over to you as a punishment for using a man’s weapons. She flattered me, Algv.’ AJgy looked into the beautiful face, which then was in its sweetest phase, for it was filled with soft pity, and his large eyes lighted up eagerly, as he said : ‘If Miss Hartleigh will permit herself to bo disposed of summarily, 1 shall be happy a3 well as fluttered.’ It was not said with an air of gallantry, and Constance did not receive it as such. She an swered with her rare smile: * 1 have just received my first lesson in lawn tennis, and 1 shall be glad to sit down somewhere and watch the others.’ ‘ If you would rather walk about, it will nci tire me,' he said, with frank simplicity. ‘ 1 art not strong, but I am not as frail as I look. Be sides, this is one of my best days. Shall w# walk ?' ‘Hot now, please. I want to become ac quainted with you, and we can talk better if you sit.’ ‘Does that mean that you think you will Ilka me V Sho turned her eyes on his face, so full of an eager sincerity, and answered with a faint ‘ You are quick in demanding a declaration of. intentions.’ ‘ But I liked you at onco, and it seemed to me that you liked me as quickly. I am not danger ous, yon know,’ lie glanced at his crippled limb,’ and you may like me as much as you can. 1 am sure that you and 1 can understand each other. We are in sympathy. 1 don't mean pity for my misfortunes; everybody who is strong and well pities me: but there are not so many who can comprehend that the soul has longings indepen dent of the body. Perhaps I tire you. I am not morbid, thongh I may seem so. 1 think I am happier than many who think they have more to le happy for?' They were sitting now, and she laid her hand on his", with an utter absence of any senseof dif ference in sex, and said earnestly: ‘ I know just what yon mean. I did like you at once, and 1 hope we shall be friends.’ ‘ If you hope, so, we are friends. Now that we nre friends, let ns know more about each other. Yon knowme, I fancy, 1 am Algernon intel, Marquis of Berain, and heir to the dukedom of Beldairc ; a great deal for such a poor wretch as I, is it not?’ He laughed pleasantly as he spoke, and she smiled as if she could comprehend his feeling. He recognised her sympathy, and in the same merry way, asked : ‘ How came you to be Mi is Hartleigh? They 3ay you are Sir Richard's daughter. Oh, I ask yourpardon. 1 hare said something wrong.’ Not so. I have been separated from my father for many years, and now I have returned home She felt his honest, searching eyes fixed on her, and felt uneasy, though not in the least resentful. He listened to her,and, when she ceased speaking, said, earnestly: * We can help each other, 1 am sure now. You have suffered; I am afraid you suffer now. Who can tell ? I may be of as much service to you as you to me. 1 do not care much for self-appointed prophets; but I have a feeling that some day I can help you. If ever I can will you let me? And will you forgive me for having spoken as I have ?’ Maida listened to him with a sort of terror. It was to her as though he were reading the story of her misery, past, present and future. She pressed her hands over her eyes as if sho would shut out the picture he had conjured up. Then she with drew her hands, and with a sad smile answered, ‘ Yes, I havo suffered, and, I suppose, must still suffer some; bnt it is mostly a thing of the past, and I do not think of it if I can help it.’ ‘ Forgive me for what I have done.’ ‘ No, we are friends. We know each other now*. But do notletus talk of such things again. Heir the shouts t Somebody ba3 made a good play, I ‘ It was Guy, I think. I hear them call calling his name. What a noble fellow he is! He always makes me think of the old knights, he is so unaffectedly good and generous. You agree with me, do you not ? And he is the handsomest man I have seen. I suppose that I can appreci ate such a perfect model of manly strength and goodness much as a woman must, being so weak myself.’ Maida answered absently, and would have changed the conversation, had she not been re lieved of the necessity by seeing Guy approaching with Lady Gladys on his arm. Sho instantly as sumed command .of herself, for she had a strange feeling that in some way she was to be put to the test. She had begun to look upon Laay Gladys as an enemy. 