DRESSING KID SKINS. A eovbb Of leatherwork Wants to know) hdw kid-skin is polishedwhen fourig^orl fapajrrirarjk.** -Woli (wyaQuifp) ■$&!* J arevarions waysofpolishing kids'akin. Paterfamilias, who is an expfert/recdm m«n5is the palm of the hand applied to to the ldid'a skin (in the hsoal part of the body, where it affords a broader expanse and is most tender),- attbb rate of 201 strokes a minute. In Bpebial cases where the skin to be polished is tough, the application might be increased -to 50 or ; eren'Op strokes, Or it might be regulated to. eeyen spanks to the square: .inch.. Somehoiwewiyes, who • ought to know, prefer thb old fashioned slipper process. Take off the slipper from the left foot while it is warm, but first catch your kid. Having caught your kid, stretch him across the. left knee with the head over the right knee andinclining !slightly' towards. Immediately on getting ydur kid , in position, ririee the right arm'and bring the flexible well-worn ElippBr rapidly and witha regular motion upon the boozum) of the knickerpocherz, oa it is scientificall y styled. A! great quantity of dust will fly out, but if the " slipper-Blapper," a&the; instrument is called, is plied for a few mihutes with - sufficient vigor, the duBt will'be all expelled, and the kid's skin will begin to benefit by the vivifying effects of . the leathering. This is 'a simple and inexpensive method of polish ing kid's skin; but there are other pro cesses a little more elaborate and perhaps equally effective. The male operator j generally takes the kid by the scruff of j the neck, places his head under his left i arm, thus bending the kid's body in \ such a position that the hide is tightened over the parts intended to be polished. He then takes either a broad stiff strap or a lithe cane and proceeds to make a j series of lightning strokeBupon the kid's skin. These strokes are laid on with great precision in parallels of even distance, and have the effect of making the kid's skin exceedingly tender. This, is eiquivalent to " tanning the hide," and the quality of the skin is much improved thereby. The strap is applied in much the same fashion as the cane but' leaves broader and mere irregular marks—the. tanning in fact is not so equkl.' Kids' skinB are all the better for tanmng, in fact they are of very little good with out it. A lot of41 fancy " Work may be introduced into this process. v , An attorney about to furnish a bill of costs-was required by a client, a baker, to make it as-light as he could. "Ah," re plied: the attorney, "thats what you may say to your foreman, but it's not the way I make my bread." - Teacher (in grammar school)—** Tour lesson to-day is on nouns. Nouns are the names of things." Small Boy—"Is ghost a nounP" Teacher—"Yes." Small Boy—" How can it be ? There ain't no such a thing as a ghost." The Salvation Army has been noted for its paralysing eccentricities ever since the organisation started, but its rendition of th&fong; " By the Waters of Babylon " is a mkrvel indeed— By the waters of Babel we sot oursells down, We sot oursells down for to coy, And as for our 'arps, they were wringing o' wetf* So we 'ung them on trees for to droy. An' them as had eopt us, they arsked us to sing , The songs of our country, so dear; How the deuce can We sing the Lord'B songs, say wt, In a bloomin' rum place like this 'ere ? A barber found that the cheeks of one of hiB customers, were so thin that in shaving him' he had to put his thumb inside .the gentleman's month so as to enable him to get the razor to do its work. By. an unfortunate slip the barber cut: through the gentleman's: cheek andl into his own thumb.' "Coinfound your ] lantern jaws," indignantly cried the barber, "they've made me cut my thumb." A Jockey's GoOd Advice.—George Fordham always tried to disBnade any one from betting who askedhim for a tip. A relative travelling with, faith a to New market once asked for a " safe thing " for a five pound note. George's answer was brief. - He said—" Put . it* into your trouser's pocket, and get your wife to sew the Top lip; 1 That is the 4 safest thing' for a fiver at Newmarket that I know of." Two tourists from the North of Scot land were travelling through France. In one of their railway journeys they'got into a compartment the sole oocupent/of which was a very French-looking ^indi vidual. The two holiday Beekers, thinking that if they conversed in their own dialect they would not be nnder stood by their fellow-traveller, began to critidaa him very freely. At length one •of \he two suggested that the other should give that qneer-looking beggar a cigar. The other proffered his cigar case to the mysterious Frenchman, but great was the surprise of both when the sup posed Frenchman replied, " Muckle obleedged to ye, fren's, bat I dinna want; ane." ^ .; A BcrcHER bf soma eminence was lately ib company withadme ladles at a game of < whistj' wheh, having lost two or three rubbers, one of the ladies, addressing him, ajBked,",Pmy,Bir, what are the stakes doW-?" To which,: ever mindful of his : occupation, he at once replied—" Madam, ice boat beef I, cannot sell -lower . than . • tpnpence-half-pennya pound." •. . | AGBioufcTURAL.—It is ezceedix^gly bad husbandry to harrow up the feelings of yourwife,to rakeup old quarrels, to hoe a grudge, land to sow discord. I A Lecture waB recently announced oh the education of idiots. The bill added, The cohnty and borough members are invited to attend," "You haven't heard anything until you have heard both Bides," sayS a writer. This maybe logic, but the bass drum refutes it. ," What it sweeter than to have a friend; you can trust ?" asked Golding. " To have a friend who will trust you," replied Hawkins. : Stags manager—" Mr. Heavy, you Will take the part of Alonzo." Mr. Heavy —I have never Been this play. Do you think I can please the audience in that part 1 " Stage manager—" Immensely. ■You die in the first act." SlammeT'—" The boys have organised a football team." Traveller—" That's for tunate, You may be able to put some thing in my way. Heres my card. I represent a firm of crutch manufacturers." i A miner once accidently fell down stairs. His wife, hearing the noise, ran to the scene and called out—"Jack, hess thoo faallen doon stairs ?" " Oh," Jack replied, " it makes na mettor; an wes cdmin' doon onny way." Teacher of natural history class—'1 You will remember that, will you, Tommy— that wasps lie in a torpid state all the winter." Tommy—" Yes'm; an I'll try to remember that they make up for it in the summer." Why He Couldn't Serve on the Jury. — Some entertaining stories are told in the Law Gazette of the tricks by which men are summoned to attend as common jurymen attempt to avoid the duty cast upon them. The writer of an article entitled "Before the Associate" Says that one morning a little girl whose eyes just appeared above the desk timidly exclaimed, "Please, sir, father can't come ; he can't put on his boots/ The associate asked the nervous little creature what was the matter with her parefit. She hesitated; evidently she, had not b^en instructed further than the statement she had made, and looking straight into the associate's twinkling eyes, she said, " Well, sir, father don't wear bootB ; he's got wooden legs. I wasn't told to say anything else, sir—that's all." 