LABOUR AND THE CHURCHES Thk Fort Worth (U.S. A.) Industrial'' Educator enquires: — Will 'any of our orthodox theologians tell us what is tho meaning of the word usury, now white washed into the two words ' interest' and ' specu lation,' and the word -charity, now used to signify tho giving of alms ? How many of our theologians dare aske these two words as a text, and preach sermons on them as defined by the early - apostles'.' Not many ! General Booth is of opinion that the plan of campaign for industrial -reform -is — 'co-operation based on discipline.' Booth is right but this discipline must be demo cratic Our future true 'captains of in dustry '' must do exactly as they like but we must have the ballot box open wherein to \- post their dismissal when they don't do as we like. Napoleon I, disciplined turbulent Frarce. so Booth instances, but we' don't want the Bourbons of individualism to suc ceed our Napoleon .of collectivism through the said Napoleon not only disciplining but disenfranchising 'as well. A I'MOKIBT sends thij:— ? __. F^JJie^cotatmj^TEedawoT^ ? ^TViiicu men shall live in gladness , . ^oor^ow4;heirljeadKa,nd mourn. . When alj men shall be equal , '? tn lite as fiye n\\-deajh : ? — ? ^ — The doctrine taught by the Carpenter — . .Christ of Nazareth. I am waiting, wearily watching, And my-eyes' are growing dim. , ' But although all men should scorn me I will put my^trust in Him, ' . Who to the cry of the humble ' And lowly ne'er was deaf The Socialistic Carpenter — Christ of Nazareth. ' ? ? ' ' ??:*'*'? -'?'?? Ik thje Mcviqv of Jtevims, Editor W.T* ^tead, who. though professing Protestantism? is at once a great; aannrer or fapejueo *vi.j.i, and General Booth, says on the Pope's last ^encyciicalT-^- —-?;?.--??? No doabt his condemnation of thebad Socialists _ who want to confiscate property~will^5e~ule3:Tni ? the other side, but (Mat does not matter. As we - are all Socialist now, so we 'are all Jar Compensa tion. Ajnd when oncp j^ admit Compensation the Pop.e7bas no mu-e to Bay. vFor-conipensation saves *he principle ot property, and it ist-yily with the princi{$» ffiat be i« concerned. 'It tbe community jjeeidee, after, paying due itgard ito the itftereBfe of private AvcPere, that^and or any other property shpj&ld; fie held iu«ommon, that is a matter with ?which the Popexloes n§t interferes AsTor therest — ^fnlibAriJffiByciieaifHifr^peTjK^or -itself. Uroadly s^fcasing, it asserts that Cardinal Matininir, Gar diiial Gibjionts and Afchbishop Walsh have rightly . interpreted thejjunffbrthejPhorchasto the social . obligations^of i% pastoK, and such a declaration ' canno&fatl; to he. pjpdttctive of iratn6npe- gopd\for_l__ beydnd' the pale of the Roman Communion. AMONG the most interesting of recent contributions' to the literature of the Labour movement is an as yet untranslated book by Charles Malato, 'The Christian Revolution and the Social Revolution,' published in Paris. The pith of the wprk vs the close analogy that exists between the conditions of early Christianity and modern Socialism. In reviewing it London Justice says ;— 'The analogy, incomplete between our bourgeois society crumbling beneath the weight of its vices, before the wrath of the disinherited masses, an the Roman empire sinking to its own, mire at the shock of barbarian invasion. The same dispro portion between the omnipotent dominators and the despised plebians, the same elements, in- ternally of decay, externally of war : less violence, more hypocrisy. To' sum up the same protest against the egoism of the fortunate; now by inter national Socialism, then by Catholic, that is to say by international Christianity.' The author of the book under review is of opinion that in its origin Christianity was a -revolutionary movement, and he examines how that movement came to be steril- ised and despoiled of its communist and revolu- tionary features. He shows that the germs of revolution existed long before Jesus brought them to light, not by his acts, but by his death. When giant Rome extended her iron hand over Judea she crushed out the national existence, out she could not extinguish the traditional tendencies of the Jewish people to equality and communism. - Revolts against the tyranny of Roman rule were frequent, revolts not only against Rome but against her gods, those gods which sanctioned her injustice by prophesying the eternity of her rule. The doctrine of Christ, if doctrine it could then be called, embodied the aspirations of the masses for independence by social equality, and its only rite was baptism, to which was attached an allegoric sense. .. The new religion was a reaction not only against foreign despotism but against the old' Jewish, harsh, sectarian, official religion. It was - for heresy jtbal tbe Sanhedrim condemned Jesus after he had been found innocent of treason by the Roman governor, before whom he asserted he had not stirred up rebellion inasmuch as his kingdom was not of this world. ' The death of this man has filled the universe. ' The image of the young blue-eyed, fair-haired workman, whose accents were so sweet, who was loved by women, followed by crowds, remained a long time in the memory of the people, and increased as time went on till it attained superhuman proportions.' .From the dispersal of the Jews, thousands of whom were taken captive to Europe, to the time of Trajan there is half. a, century of silence as to the spread of Christianity, out without doubt it was slowly permeating the minds of the masses. From the revolutionary it passed into the theologic phase. The revolutionary effort which it excited or at least encouraged, and which helped to break up the Roman Empire, is recog nised by our author, whose chapter on 'The Decadence ' is a splendid piece of word-painting. Some passages in it bear comparison with Gibbon's: delineation of the same events. Fifteen centuries ago, says the author, a world was dying. To-day we witness the same death throes. The throne and the altar belong already to the past ; kings are but walking ghosts. Th- bourgeois oligarchy which found the regal banquet ready spread wished to seat itself at the table alone, the people outside the gates : as a result it is dying after a hundred years of feasting. Justice proceeds to combat Malato's theory that modern Society will be overthrown by the vast mass of outcasts it produces, arguing that the modern Socialistic movement is con structive not destructive, ' 