A FINAL RECKONING. / A TALE OF BUSJHLLIFE IN AUSTRALIA. by g. a. henty. Chapter XVIII. — Continued. — _ 1 Settling Accounts. Reuben at once leaped from his horse and ran to raise Kate Ellison, who lay motionless on the ground as she had been thrown. Re moving the shawl wrapped round her head he found she was insensible. Kneeling besid i her he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped up. 'Badly hurt, captain?' he asked as he leaped off his horse, for the blood was stream ing down Reuben's face, and his left arm hung useless. ' Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask in the holster; just bring it here and sprinkle her face. I hope she is only stunned; but that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well be badly hurt.' ' Is he done for, captain,' the man asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bush ranger as he proaeeded to obey Reuben's in struction's ; ' because if you ain't certain about it, I had better put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing 'possom and then turning the tables upon you.' ' There is no fear of that, Smithson ; he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for I would rather that he were tried for his crimes.' It was some time before Kate Ellison opened her eyes. For a moment she looked vaguely round, then, as her eyes fell upon Reuben's face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. ' What is it, Captain Whitney ? Are you badly hurt ? ' ' Thank God you have recovered, Miss El lison. You began to frighten me horribly. I -.vas afraid you were seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. I can assure you I am not much hurt ; only a flesh wound, I fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar bone.' ' And you have saved me again, Captain Whitney ? ' 'Yes, thank God, I have had that good fortune,' Reuben said quietly, ' and this time for good, for Tom Thome will never molest you again.' ' But can't I do something ? Your face is bleeding dreadfully. Please let me bind it up,' and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Reuben's face. The constable took off the black silk hand kerchief which he wore round his neck. ' I think; miss, this will make a sling for his arm, and when that is done the eaptain will be pretty right. Do you think you can ride back sir?' he asked when he had fastened the handkerchief, or will you wait till I ride back to the farm and fetch help ?' " I can ride well enough,' Reuben said, trying to rise to his feet, but he found him self unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. ' No, I don't think. Jjean ride back, Smithson.' " There is a light cart at the farm,' Kate Ellison said, ' please fetch that, I-will stop here with Captain Whitney till you come back.' ' I think that will be the best way miss,' the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at once. It was an hour and a half before he re turned, bringing the cart, but before he ar rived Mr. and Mrs. Baker had riden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. ' I did as you told me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con stables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things with Mrs Baker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He caught me by the wrist and said, 'come along it's no use screaming.' Mrs. Baker caught up something and rushed at him, but he knocked her down with the butt-end of his pistol. Then he caught up her shawl, which was lying on the chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. I heard Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was so muffled up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still insensible, till he put me down, and then — I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if there was one, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. There did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I supposed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; and from the dis tance you said you were going, I did not think you could be back for days. Presently I felt him stop and turn his horse, and then when he spoke I knew that ne had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impos sible ; but I could not be sure, because I could not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know any thing more til! I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone ? Of course you -must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were.' ,/ ' No, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether.- We have got one of them a prisoner, but all the rest of the gang are killed. The distance is not quite so far as we thought it was. It- was a thiity miles' march and two sixties. We attacked them at day bieak on the third day after leaving.' ' But it is only the fourth day to-day, is it not ? At least it seems so to me.' ' It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that; the leader of the gang was not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty-four hours before, I was naturally very anxious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So we started at once, and, after a, sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterhole sixty miles on our way back, where we camped the second night oiitr. Of coursS the horse I had'ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with my black boy on two of the horses we had taken from the bushrangers, and which had been led so far. We made another forty miles by midnight, and then halted till daybreak to give the horses rest, but they were so done up this morning that we could not get them much beyond a footpace.. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time.' The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her hand on his and said quietly : 'Thank you. Then you have ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morn ing, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me?' ' I had, as you see, good' reason to be un easy, Miss Ellison.' At this moment a horse's hoofs were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been unable to ob tain any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint Mrs. Barker had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husdand ; but the dead body of the constable by the door and the disappear ance of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Reuben, and until he met the constable returning he had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so he did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion. He uttered exclamations of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Reuben had been gradually growing faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. Jim, however had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to his own comforts as well as to the possibility of its being re quired. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the cup of Reuben's flask and put it to his lips. ' Thank you, Jim ; that is just what I wanted." 'Massa lie down quiet,' Jim said, 'no good sit up ;' and gathering a large bunch of grass he placed it under Reuben's head, and Reu ben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mr. and Mrs Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was so stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. ' That's right, my poor child,' Mrs. Barker said ; ' a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate for your rescue.' ' I do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems almost a miracle.' ' Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the ground whenever he's wanted. He seems hurt badly. The constable said it was a broken collar-bone but it must be something a good deal worse than that.' 'Oh, don't say so, Mrs. Barker, after what he's done for me. If he were to die ! ' ' There, there, don't tremble so, child ; we must hope that it is not so bad as that ; but he would hardly be looking so bad as he does for only a broken collar-bone. My husband broke his one day the horse ran away with him among the trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two. ' Is he badly hurt, do you think, John ?' she asked her husband who was kneeling beside Reuben. ' I hope not,' the settler said. ' He ought not to be like this only for a wound in the collar-bone; but of course it may have glanced down and done some internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme ex haustion as much as anything — the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement.' ' He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning,' Kate said, 'and has had two fights besides this. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushrangers had escaped he came on by himself. ' Oh ! they caught the bushrangers, did they ? ' Mr. Barker said joyfully. ' I was afraid by his getting back here so soon that they must have missed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong scent. And he has ridden all the way back, has he ? A very zealous young officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the sig nificance of Mr. Barker's tone. ' Don't tease her,' his wife said in a low voice. ' She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. ' Ah ! what is that ?' The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. ' Shoot him dead, sah,' Jim, who was sup porting his master's head, exclaimed. 'Don't let dat fellow come 'live no longer.' ' I can't do that, Jim,' Mr. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man. ' The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber ; but he is harmless now. One cannot wish he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to hang him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch.' So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and poured it between the bushranger's lips. 'Is it mortal?' Mrs. Barker asked as he rejoined her. ' I think so,' he said ; ' I fancy he is shot through the lungs.' 'You must really sit-down Miss Ellison; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you on our hands just now. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah ! here comes the cart.' The constable had put a quantity of straw in the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it ' We must take the other too,' Mr. Barker said, ' the man is alive, and we can't leave him here.' 'Yes,' Kate said; 'he must go too. He did Reuben a great wrong many years ago. I hope he will confess it before he dies.' Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used the young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the "boy Reuben who had been accused ot poisoning her father's dog, and of committing a burglary from his house. ' You had better get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison,' the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart ; you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then I can look after you, and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak ; but before we start I must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your saying no,' he per sisted as the girl shook hei head. ' We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't' Kate did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up ,to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Reuben's face. ' Oh, Mr. Barker ! ' she said, ' he looks dead. You are not deceiving me are you ?' ' Bless me, no ! ' the settler said cheerfully. '...My opinion is that he's dead asleep. - The loss of blood, the sudden reaction after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my opinion is. that he. is sound asleep.' ' Jim, do you lead your master's horse, while the constable takes the other, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a bed up at once for Captain Whitney, and get some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other.' So saying he souched the horses with the whip, and the cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. Sfe would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she;, expected momentarily to see Kate faint, and thought it better to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. The journey ' occupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the way carefully so as not to jolt the cart. Mrs. . Barker endeavored to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of home she said : — ' I think, dear, you are looking a little bet ter now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong tea made ready for you. That will do wonders.' When the cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out and as Kate descended clasped her in a long embrace. 'Come straight in here, my dear,' Mrs. Barker said. ' I have got a basin of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero,' Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was lifted out and carried into the house, where a bed had been made up for him in a room on the ground floor. 'Just lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lie perfectly quiet.' ' Do you think he is really asleep ? ' Mrs. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. 'I do, really,' her husband replied. 'Put your ear close to his mouth. He is breathing as quietly as a child, and,' he added, placing his fingers on Reuben's wrist, ' his pulse is a little fast, but regular and quiet ; twenty-four hours of sleep will set him up again, unless I am greatly mistaken. I don't expect that this wound will turn out anything very serious. Let me think. Was it not this afternoon that Ruskin said he would be back again?' 'Yes, either yesterday or to-day.' ' That is lucky. He will be surprised at finding two new patients on his hands now. I will go and have a look at that poor wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef-tea ; 1 will pour a spoonful or two between his lips. You had better go and look after Kate. You will n.'-t be needed here at present. If your master wakes, Jim, let us know directly,' he said to the black, who had seated himself on the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. ' I can't call the poor fellow away from his master,' he added to his wife as he closed the door behind them ; ' but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heard the cap tain tell the bush-ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has indeed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a long time.' Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water and the tea had the effect Mrs Barker predicted. A little color had returned into her cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. ' How is he ?' Mrs. Donald asked. ' In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald ; his pulse is quite even, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, and I believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow morning, and I predict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbehaved itself, I see no reason why he shouldn't be up to-morrow.' 'That is indeed a relief to us both,' Mrs. Donald said, while Kate could only clasp her hands in silent thankfulness. ' And how is your husband? 1 hope he is none the worse for all this exertion.' ' He was terribly agitated at first,' Mrs. Donald said. I fainted you know, and he got out of bed to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Kate, although, of course he is as weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. P'ortu- nately Mrs. Barker ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was oft in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he was occupied in try ing to cheer me, for as soon as he was in bed he broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger.' Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the surgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look at Reuben, having been told all the cir cumstances of the case, and he confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep sleep. ' I would not wake him on any account.' he said ; ' it is a great effort of nature, and he will, I hope, awake quite himself. Of course I can't say anything about the wound till he does. Now for his antagonist.' The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words came from his lips. The surgeon examined his wound. ' He is shot through the lungs,' he said, ' and is bleeding internally. I do not think there is the shadow of a chance for him, and no one can wish it otherwise. It will only save the colony the expense of a trial. And now for my original patient.' He was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mix him a soothing draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the saddle. ' We must get him off to sleep if we can,' he said, ' or we shall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement as he has done without paying the penalty. And now, I suppose, I have done,' he said with a smile as Mrs Donald left the room with the medicine. ' Yes, I think so,' Mrs Barker said ; ' if you had come an hour earlier I should have put this young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her.' ' No wonder she is shaken,' Mr. Ruskin remarked. ' Mrs. Barker tells me you had a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison.' (To be Continued). 