BIBLE INSTRUCTION IN STATE SCHOOLS. MEETING AT THE CENTENNIAL HALL, A meeting at which all who were in favour of the introduction of Bible instruction into the State schools of the colony were invited to attend was held last evening in the Centennial Hall. The invitation was largely responded to by both ladies and gentlemen, and not only was the body of the hall filled but the gallery was well occupied. The majority of those present were apparently in sympathy with the object of the meeting, for they cheered the speakers enthusiastically, and carried the resolutions submitted with considerable demonstration, A small section of the meeting showed a disposition to interfere with the proceedings and on several occasions created some disturbance. The chair was occupied by the Bishop of Brisbane. He was supported on the platform among others by the Hon. H. Tozer (Colonial Secretary), the Revs. A. J. Webb. H. Youngman, J. F. M'Swaine, A. C. Smith, Vf. Whale, H. Heath, Vf. Osborne Lilley, the Hon. Holmes A'Court, and Messrs. A. R. H. Pietzcker and D. Ewart. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Smith, Bishop WEBBER said that he would not speak at length because he observed that the resolutions which were to be spoken to presently covered the entire ground and the speakers who were to submit these resolutions to their consideration were men who were eminently capable of dealing with the question which would be placed in their hands. He wished to say a few words of a practical character; that was all they need expect at his hands that evening. In the first place, he would like to meet one or two of the objections of a practical kind. It was sometimes said, " What you are proposing is an excellent thing, but it cannot be done (A Voice : ' Hear, hear 'there are too many difficulties in the way, too many diversities that have to be reconciled and adjusted to do it." Well, history they knew was one of the best possible teachers. Let them see how this matter was faced among the large population of the other side of the world. They knew enough of English affairs to know that in 1870 an Act was passed which created school boards all through the kingdom. Among other places the Act created a school board for London. London, he need not tell them, contained about thirty per cent more population than the whole of Australia. Now, now was the question faced there? It was discussed in Parliament, and there was no place in which difficulties seemed so portentous as they did sometimes in abstract debates in the House of Commons ; after a good deal of debate it was at last decided to send the whole matter to the people, for the people to deal with it. (Hear, hear.) That was the question of dealing with the religious difficulty as it was called in the Act of 1870, and those who were practical school teachers knew quite well that the only religious difficulty they were confronted with was the individual difficulty of being religious and being able to see the real influence of religion. What was the outcome as regards London itself? Its population, as he had said, was about thirty per cent larger than the whole of Australia, and that population had to elect its representatives. Those who were candidates for seats on that educational Parliament addressed their constituents in various parts of London, and almost all who were elected were in favour of some elementary Christian fundamental teaching in the elementary schools of London. (Cheers.) That was how the people of London met the difficulty, and Mr. Gladstone, in speaking in the year 1870 on the question of religions education in elementary schools, used those words, " The natural course of instruction in school when rightly understood was freed in a great degree from anything that could be called by men of sense denominational peculiarities." Every teacher of experience would entirely confirm the wise and sensible words of Mr. Gladstone So much then for this difficulty in the matter. He was persuaded that if only it were the wisdom of Parliament here in dealing with the matter to remit it to the people they would settle it for themselves. (Cheers.) He had no doubt whatever in his own mind as to what way the people would settle it: he had great confidence in the broad common- ( sense of his fellow countrymen in that par- , ticular matter. (Hear, hear.) It was sometimes said that we did not like the idea of leaving this teaching to be done by the teachers of the elementary schools (A Voice : " Hear, hear") that we should like to import another class of teacher. He would not like to do that, and he spoke from perhaps as large art j acquaintance with elementary school teachers j as any man or woman in that hall. (Cheers.) It was his privilege to know a large body of them in the metropolis and the country at home, and also in this country. He said, unhesitatingly that a teacher who was a, unfit to have anything to do with the in formation of his boys' characters was a unfit to be a teacher at all. (Cheers.) inasmuch as teachers were trained in the art of' touching and they knew touching was one, thing, and preaching quite another thing it. was of very great value that simple lessons should be given by those who had acquired the art of submitting lessons to their pupils in a' form suited to the children's minds. He made. 1, bold to say that the elementary teachers as a body were well fitted to do this work as no,' ' body of men they could find in Christendom were fitted. He ought to add before leaving the,, matter that the greatest care should be taken not to make it burdensome to any teacher who had conscientious convictions in the matter. This, however, was a detail which might be Bottled.' afterwards. Supposing Parliament decided to- ii morrow that some such line as they were advo-, Y eating should have effort given to it, no 1 practical man who know inside school life and j school work imagined the thing could be done with a stroke of the pen in all the schools of the colony. In some schools perhaps it would, be undesirable to introduce the system. A beginning should be made in schools where it, could be easily and naturally introduced. The essence of the matter was that the greatest consideration should be shown by way of conscience clauses alike I to teachers and the parents of children attend- it ing the school, so that no child should be taught anything of which the parents disap- proved. (Cheers.) The sacredness of their wishes should in all cases be carefully respected. (Cheers.) No one proposed- and . he only mentioned this in passing that the whole Bible from beginning to end should go to form a subject of teaching in the schools, (Cheers,) He held in his hand one London School Board manual, and he would call their, attention to one of the clauses, which laid down the conditions for teaching under that board. That clause provided that the Bible should be read and such explanations and such instruction given in the principles of morality and religion as were suited to the capacities of children, while at the same time it guarded in every way the consciences of the children : taught in the schools. The London School Board laid it down most carefully that no attempt should be made to attach the children to any particular religious denomination, and from long experience of that board, having taken a somewhat active part in its work, he could bear witness that this was faithfully carried out alike by managers and teachers. Looking at the syllabus for the third standard he saw that it was arranged as follows:-. Memory work as in standards 1.- and I, learn Psalm xxiii., lessons from the lives of Samuel and David, fuller outline of the life of Christ with lessons drawn from the following parables : The two debtors, the good Samaritan, the prodigal son, the merciless servant, who lost 8hoep,thoFhai'iseeandthepublican. The number of children whose parents objected to such' lessons was infinitesimally small. The system, had worked with the best possible results. He held that every man had in the fullest sense of the word the right to claim the boat education for his children. They should develop the. mental faculties of the youth of the colony, but must be very careful that they do not divorce the essential part of man-his character from the training of his intellectual powers. (Loud cheers The Rev. J. M'SWATNK moved the first resolution as follows :-" That in the opinion of this meeting it is most desirable that Bible teaching should be given in State schools, and that such teaching should be imparted by the school teachers during school hours." In doing so he said that there was no doubt great need of something being done at present for the godly upbringing of the young. But owing to the absence of regular instruction in State schools within ordinary school hours, the youth of the colony were growing up in ignorance of all law, human and divine. The Bible League, was doing a good thing in drawing the attention of the community to a sense of their duty by reminding them of the commission of the Master, "Feed my lambs, and urging them to fulfil that commission with the highest intelligence and the best available means. He admitted that there would be difficulties to contend with, in order to bring about a change in the educational system, to accomplish the end aimed at in a way that none of them could foresee. But they should do their duty and leave the result to God. The problem of popular education was one of the vital questions of the age. False theories prevailed on the subject of popular education. On the one hand education was handed over exclusively to the Church, and on the other religion was ignored, and the scholar left in ignorance of God, of duty, and of immortality. In the first _ instance education was confused with religion, and in the second place it was destroyed by secularising its area and aim. But there was a middle scheme of education which originated with the Reformation (cries of '* No, no") and in which all Proves ants agreed. It was a scheme to make education universal, with no claim that the schools should be turned into places of worship, or that any particular creed or doctrine should be taught. This scheme insisted that there should be no divorce between education and religion, and claimed that the great and primary ends of religion should be taught in the schools in some form. (Hear, hear.) The Bible, he contended, was the source from which the finest thoughts and aspirations of mankind had been derived. Some people objected to the Bible being read in State schools, but in reply to all these objections he would say that no culture was equal to that which the Bible supplied, and it was a demonstrated fact that it was the basis of a nation's best life as well as of the individual life, and the only charter of human liberties. (Cries of "No" and cheers.) He insisted that the Bible should not be excluded from State schools during ordinary school hours directly or indirectly by the law of the land. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that the children must read the Bible in the schools, but they should be allowed to read it if they chose. (Cheers.) He thought it was monstrous that the children should be taught the history of ' Socrates, Confucius, and Mohammed, and yet know nothing about the life of Jesus Christ, were the children of this colony to be allowed to grow up and receive education as if Christ had never lived? Should they not be taught at least His history, as it had come down to us, clustered around with most precious associations of home, of nation, and of history. He claimed that it was the duty of the State to educate every child in secular knowledge and morals, and that the Bible was the only common standard of faith and morals. (Hear, hear.) The Bible required explanation like any other book, and he claimed that the responsible teachers should be permitted to give that explanation to the children. (Cheers.) Mr. D. J. MARTIN seconded the resolution. He desired to say a few words for several reasons. First of all, as a working man (hear, hear) to his fellow workers; as a Queens- lander to his-, fellow-colonists; and more especially as a parent who was anxious that his children should grow up to be Christian men and women. (Hear, hear.) The people who were most affected by State education were not the clergy or the wealthy classes, but the masses of the people (Hoar, hear, and a voice : " Whale, you mullet") and it was only right, therefore, that he as one of the people should say that he was thoroughly in sympathy with the object of the meeting. (Hear, hear.) He was a Sunday school teacher, and he could say from experience that there was very little chance of the children receiving proper religious instruction on the Sunday. Few children went to Sunday school, and numbers of those were irregular in their attendance, and his experience had shown him that big boys in the country who were otherwise fairly well educated were woefully ignorant of the most common facts of the Bible. (Hear, hear.) It was only by giving the children a good and sure foundation in Scriptural knowledge that the rising generation could hope to be able to withstand the temptations with which they were surrounded in daily life. It was said that religious instruction should be given at home. (Hear, hear.) As one who knew the life of the working classes he could say that it was almost out of the question to give their children religious instruction at home, because the parents had no time to do it. The working classes -Sus were specially interested in the matter of getting the Education Act SO amended that the Bible could be read in State schools during school hours. In every other particular except the matter of religious teaching he was well satisfied with the State school system of education, and if the Government would only supply the one want of Bible teaching he felt sure that Queensland would have an education system of which the whole community might be proud. (Cheers.) At this stage a member of the audience called out from the body of the hall that he wished to propose an amendment. Some sensation was caused by the unexpected interruption of the proceedings, and there were cries of "Order," "Chair," "Platform," Ac In response to these calls the person in question walked up to the platform, and in a loud voice announced that he wished to move-" That in the opinion of the people of this colony there is no necessity whatever for any Bible teaching at all." This was received with mingled cheers and cries of dissent. The CHAiRMAN I rule that the amendment is merely a negative, and therefore out of order. (Loud cheers and cries of " Chair. ) The Speaker: I am prepared to debate this, and I will- (Uproar.) The CHAIRMAN: I have ruled this out of order, and I will not allow it to be debated. (Cheers.) After some further protest the speaker was prevailed upon to resume his seat, hut as he did so he called out, " You will get another amendment directly." During the remainder of the evening he kept up a running fire of interjections. The resolution was then put and declared carried on the voices. A demand was made for a division, and the chairman thereupon called for a show of hands. This gave an overwhelming majority for the resolution, which amid enthusiastic cheering was declared carried. The Rev. H. YOUNGMAN then moved, "That this meeting most heartily adopts the constitution and rules of The Bible in State Schools League, Queensland, and pledges itself to further its work and extend its influence by making its object known throughout the colony." He said that as the Bible had been the secret of England's greatness, so it would certainly be the secret of any real greatness that we attained to in these colonies. (Cheers.) All Protestant denominations he predicted would rally round the standard which they were now raising, and he believed that the Roman Catholics, instead of showing any hostility, would lend their support. He urged strongly the necessity existing for the introduction of Bible teaching into the State SCHOOLS, and expressed the opinion that the majority of the people of the colony were in favour of it. Mr. PIETZCKER seconded the resolution which, on being put to the meeting was carried. The Rev. W. WHALE supported the resolution. He said he was glad of the opportunity of doing so, because an impression had got abroad that he was not in favour of the movement. He was entirely in accord with the object of the league With regard to the meeting (morally he assumed, on reading the advertisement, that those who would attend the meeting would be favourable to the movement, and that they would be free to conduct their business Without interruption. (Cheers,) If those gentlemen who were opposed to the movement, had called a meeting of their own, he would have accounted it dishonourable if any member of the league went to the meeting and prevented them from speaking. (Cheers.) His name had been mentioned, for he heard someone shout out "mullet" when the name Whale was mentioned. (Laughter.) He was accustomed to all sorts of jokes being made on his name, but in a question of this kind he impeached the secularism which educated men up to that point of discourtesy. (Loud cheers.) In all discussions of great questions, and with the claims of freedom of thought political, social, educational-that amount of courtesy should be shown which would leave people the advocacy of their claims under fair and square circumstances. (Cheers.) If the league had called a public meeting of citizens it would have been. perfectly within the rights of any person to move an amendment, but if any party in the city thought fit to ask those who sympathised with a given movement to meet and discuss the best methods of doing certain things, then he contended they had a right to meet without interference or annoyance. (Cheers.) He would only say that so far as the work of the league was concerned it had his hearty support. (Hear, hear.) He did not intend to enter into a general discussion of the subject, but however much they might differ in detail with regard to the question of the Bible being read in State schools, they were all agreed that the book should be relieved from the veto that was placed upon it, and that the literature of the country should not be mutilated for the purpose of taking from it any words referring to God, or truth, or righteous- ness. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the time was not far distant when the scheme would be placed before the people for them to judge of the whole system, for he was sure that the majority would decide in favour of the Bible being read in State schools. (Cheers.) The resolution was put to the meeting and carried by a large majority. The Rev. Mr. HEATH moved the third rosella- tion as follows : " That in view of the great injury done to the rising generation of the colony by depriving them of the word of God as part of the State school curriculum, this meeting will cordially endorse all lawful measures which may be necessary to obtain such amendment of the Education Act as will admit of Bible teaching during school hours. He said that the resolution spoke of a great injury being done to the children, and he agreed with that statement. The State undertook the instruction of the young, and it did it ably and well, but that was not education. Instruc- tion was that which was imparted to the child's mind ; education was that which fitted the child to fulfil its station in life. (Hear, hear.) Education was the discipline of the intellect ; it was a regulation of the heart, but the State schools undertook neither of these. The children were growing up and they would form the nation, and he hoped a prosperous nation, but could we expect that the nation would prosper if the people forgot God? History had proved that "righteousness exalteth a nation." (Hear, hear.) The Bible was taught in the State schools of England, Scotland, Switzerland, Canada, the United States, and in New South Wales, and were we to stand alone as the only colony who refused to allow the Bible to be read in the State schools The system had been found to work well in New South Wales, and he contended it would do the same in this colony. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. OSBORNE LILLEY seconded the resolution. He said he believed the league had some hard work before it, but the result would be success. (Hear, hear.) He argued that from the opposition which they had met with that night from a few noisy men and one noisy woman. (Cheers.) But they were not going to allow a few atheists to ruin such grand work. (Cheers.) By refusing to allow the Bible to be road in State schools a great injury was being done to posterity. He wanted the future of this colony to be great, and to this and he had been speaking and writing in favour of the Scriptures being read in schools for the last seven years, and he would not cease to speak and to write until he had seen his end accomplished. (Cheers.) He hoped that at the next election they would return men to Parliament who were in favour of amending the Education Act. (Cheers.) The motion was carried almost unanimously. The Rev. Mr. WEBB moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. The MAYOR of Brisbane, in seconding the motion, stated that in previous years he had been a bitter opponent of religious instruction in State schools, but he had now come to see that he had made a serious mistake. (Loud cheers.) With many others he saw now that the present secular system would be the ruin of the youth of the colony. (Cheers.) He wished to see our youth grow up godly men. He was confident that the present movement would be crowned with victory. (Cheers.) The motion was then carried by acclama- tion, and the chairman having responded the proceedings terminated. SERMON BY THE REV. W. WHALE. The Rev. W. Whale preached a sermon in the City Tabernacle on Sunday morning on the subject of Bible teaching in State Schools, in the presence of a large congregation. The preacher based his remarks on these words : " The seed is the Word of God. . . . That on the good ground are they which in an honest and good heart having heard the word keep it and bring forth fruit." (Luke viii. 14 and 15. In the course of his remarks Mr. WHALE said: " This is the last sermon of a series on the Parable of the Sower, and it falls somewhat suitably on the Sunday when special attention is being called to the subject of Bible , teaching as part of education. I shall there- fore give that direction to my remarks. Many of you know that my home in the old country was in Birmingham for some years. I was there brought up among the political and educational movements of a somewhat exciting time. Birmingham was the home also of the Education League and the centre of the secular system of education for some years. The system of secular teaching for State schools and of voluntary religious teaching as in some measure supplementary to the secular teaching was tried there under auspices more resolute and more efficient than it is likely can be tried elsewhere, and yet it was an acknowledged failure. I am one of those who are on principle opposed to State education, be cause it is a step in State socialism which interposes in the relation of parent and child. It is one thing to require parents to educate up to a minimum standard and quite another for the State to take up the work of educating as if it stood in the place of parent. The discussion of the present day arises largely out of the un- natural and logical position of the whole education system. On the national school system, the British school system, or the denominational school system these questions could not arise. Any who remember the debates in the British Parliament and in the nation will know the truth and force of these remarks. But the State education system came into force, but even then in England the school boards were a purely local influence, and gave the people more direct control of the administration and the conscience 1 au so left all parties free to assert their rights. Seeing that board schools were a fact and had come to stay as an Institution, from the very passing of the Act took a deep interest in them, first as a cautious guardian of the rights of conscience and as a believer that all the work of the State must be secular, thou afterwards the one who favoured the Bible reading, and on that ticket I became a member of the School Board. I have been deputed to investigate sundry matters connected with education, and have had every opportunity of seeing and knowing the working of a variety of schools. The board with which I had the honour to be associated had as a member a priest of the Catholic Church, and we had a large Catholic population, I think quite as large proportionately as that of Brisbane, and in those State schools we had Bible reading and the Lord's Prayer, and I never know any difficulty arise on account of the Bible reading. There were Jews, Catholics, and secularists, as well as all sections of rest I colonists of every name and notion. Moreover, there was less reason for Bible reading in State schools, seeing that there were Bible schools other than State schools to which the children could go. So far as I' have been able to observe the educational work of this colony, I should say that the general standard of education is good, and the teachers seem to be an efficient and estimable class of public servants, whose personal influence should give a good tone to the school ; but the school board system is preferable to the centralisation which prevails here, and the Governmental tone here I regard as being somewhat anti-religious. The physical and the intellectual are attended to, but the excluding or ignoring of the religious, or the delegating of it into a separate department is, I think, a fundamental error. I take it that the very excellent leader in the Courier of Saturday states the whole case fairly enough, though there are a few positions which require further consideration, with a view to reinstatement in somewhat different form. It should not be needful to prove that Queensland youths are more corrupt than others as part of this discussion. All countries have a task sufficiently serious in training future citizens, and not the lowest but the highest and best should be inculcated. Confessedly our young people suffer from want of religions training, and that seems painfully evident to all who are careful observers. When the home was also the school then religion was the principal part of education, and so, indeed, it should always be if we would avoid the most fearful evils of a clever but unprincipled population. Sunday schools were formerly for reading, writing, arithmetic, Ac, under religious auspices, and with added Bible teaching. The secular portion has been dropped from the Sunday school system, and the religious portion has here been dropped from the day school system, and the rigid separation of education into religious and secular is a mistake. The terms are not antagonistic, and ought not to be divorced. At present the religious motive power is put out of the schools so far as the departmental rules are obeyed. It would be irregular to say that a lie is a sin against God, or to advise ' Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and his Righteousness,' or to teach ' Thou shalt have no other gods before Me,' or Thou shall not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain, or to exhort ' Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth,' or to declare ' Thou shall love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and thy neighbour as thyself,' or to say ' Joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that are penteth,' or to sing ' God be with you till we meet again, or indeed any such things as may be called religious referring to God and the Bible for authority or for motive power in daily duty." Adverting to his text, the speaker then drew attention to the following points 1st. That the Word of God is called good seed. The Bible is a seed basket. Each truth has vitality. One cannot get a harvest of good except from good seed. It is a question first of quality and then of quantity. We should be careful what we BOW. " He that soweth to the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption, but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting." 2\. That the sowing should be on all sorts of soil. Beside all waters sow, The highway furrows stock ; Drop it whom thorns or thistles grow; Scatter it on the rock. It is not for us to prejudge the condition of others. Each person is proving himself by his treatment of truth and mercy of God. The judgment afterwards is free from prejudice and is on practical results. The quality of the soil is of the highest moment. 0. That the young heart should offer the best prospect of good results. Al) people believe that youth is the best time to receive impressions. Hence the evil of ignoring or excluding the Bible. Hence the evil of whatever makes a wrong, or confused, or degrading, or frivolous impression on the mind. The young should not be wayside hard, indifferent, or impenetrable ground. The young should not be soprcoccupiod with cares, riches, or pleasures as to choke the [word. Soft, deep, virgin soil for the divine seed ought to be found among the young. Why should our whims of ecclesiastic cases or of secularism deprive us of life's sowing time in the young of this colony 4 That with the best of seed and the best of soil the harvest will vary in quantity, but the quality being good we can rejoice in the thirty, or the sixty, and more still in the hundred- fold. In the harvest of evil any result is to be deplored whether thirty, sixty, or a hundred fold, In conclusion, Mr. Whale said : " My friends, I know there are differences of opinion on this subject of the Bible in State-schools. I know by reports somewhat of your conflicts here in days gone by. Your motives I fully sympathise with. But I have seen similar conflicts and I have seen the other side of this question worked successfully, and I think it is not for the honour of God that literature such as the Bible should be excluded from the curriculum of education, or that other literature should be mutilated because it has the divine name and teaching in it. It is a profanity that good men should not approve. I think it is a cruel injustice to the young that there should be no prayer, or hymn, or heart touch with heaven in the exercises which take up the time and strength of the first and foundation part of their lives. From the seed sowing of physical drill we may hope for a harvest of muscular and active men and women. From the seed sowing of the alphabet and the enumeration tables and the copy-book we may hope for a harvest of reading, calcula- ting, and writing men and women. From the general mental discipline we may hope for a harvest of keen and intellectual citizens. But only from the Word of God can you got the harvest which of highest and noblest, that of eternal good in the kingdom of God, which is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' " 