aquatics. This afternoon the East Sydney Amateur Sailing Club bold a race for Vice- commodore Miilbolland's trophy, tho nccend prize beiog given by Mr. Press and the third by the club, lieforo starting skippers of boats competing must display the color of the course they E refer. The following are tbe entries and andicaps, the latter being the same for either course : — Lottie, 24ft., scratch, Mr. C. P. M'Con- ville ; Idothea, 24ft.,' 2min., Mr. W. A. Not- ting ; Isadore, 24ft., iimin., ilr. J. Young ; Elsie, 24ft., iimin., Mr. A. Brown ; Scylla, 24ft., 6min., Mr. H. Miller ; Alma, 24ft., Omin., Mr. J, Nicbolls ; Massilis, 24ft,, Smln., Mr. P. Itoberts ; Our Own, 24ft., Gmiu., Mr. S. Sel lings; Eudora, 22ft, lOmiu., Mr. A. Corkran. The skippers will elect which of the two fol lowing courses thsy prefer:— Manly conrse, denoted by white flag : Flying start from line between starter's boat and flagstaff, Potts Foiot, passing Garden Island on starboard hand, thence round R.S.Y.S. buoy at Manly, round flagboat, Woolloomooloo Bay, round Fort Denison and finishing at flagboat, Woolloomoo loo Bay. Lightship course, denoted by bine flag : Flying start from line between starter's boat and flagstaff, Potts Point, thence round Fort Denison,' round lightship and Bow and Pigs, round flagboat, Woolloomooloo Bay, round Shark Island (outside pile-light and buoy), and finishing at flagboat, Woolloomoo loo Bay. The Port Jackson Sailing Clnb will sail their race this afternoon, which was -poetpoued last Saturday on account of the weather. xne louowing are tne nanmcaps : — Mantnra 24ft., scratch ; Violet 22, 7min. ; Scylla 24, C ; Isadora 24, 4 ; Maasilia 24, 0 ; Our Tom 24, G; Atalanta 22, 3 ; Esmeralda 22, 8 ; Craigielce 24, scratch ; Lottie .24, 2 ; Our May 24, 7 ; The Ghost 24, 7 ; Idothea 24, 2 ; Wild Wave 22, G; Iverna 22, 10; Imogene lOmin. White flag on starter's boat, Manly conrse ; red flag on starter's boat, Sow and Figs course. The Balmain Amatenr Dingy Club's race will be held to-day for. a prize given by Mr. G. C. Elliott, and a second prjzo given by the clnb. The course is to be a flying, start from au imaginary line between starter's boat and Wbite Horse point, ronnd Goat Island, round starter's boat, back ronnd Goat Island, and back to boat, finishing between tbe boat and tbe point named. Tbe entries and handicaps are : — Nera, It. J. Cameron ; Marcelle, E. Doran ; Baceland, A. E. Blair ; Viking. J. Cronin ; Young Ethel, W. Holmes ; Celia, F. Hap per, scratch ; Uona, F. Stephenson, lmin.; Rhea, R. Fontey, Gmin. Mr. Simmonds will officiate as starter and umpire. Dutch is desirons of giving Kerr lOaec. start over tbe Championship coarse for £100, and has pnt np £26 with Mr. Warby. He la also ready to give Brown a race, allowing him 6sec. start, and bus deposited £26 with Mr, Warby. Should the weather be any way fine this afternoon the Manly Rowing Club's annual regatta should be a great success. Arrange ments have been made to rnn special steamers, and a boat has been engaged to take down the competitors' racers. Car Maclean correspondent wires : — "Albert Barker and Harry Tracher have been matched to row in light skiffs for £60 a-siae over the Chatsworth course. The latter is a young sculler and promises well." The handicap skiff racs to have taken place to-day has in consequence of the Manly regatta been postponed by the committee of the East Sydney Rowing Club, bnt will be held Satur day nest, 24th instant. The following .are the entries received Messrs. W. Peters, Cohen, Pcdison, Etheridge, Richards, Mulhall, W. J. Pigott, J. J. Pigott, Creswell, Minich, Taylor and H. Baylies. The handicaps will be declared during tbe week. Saturday, March 21, has been fixed for the East Sydney Rowing . Club's annual regatta, and the programme will embrace six events, amongst them being the customary open race, viz., maiden double sculls. 