REVIEWS. IBSENISAI. In "The Quintessence of Ibsonism" Mr. G. Bernnrd Shaw presents tho world with a scries of essays ujion and studies of Henrik Ibsen's dramatic works. A jiajior road by the author before ono ot the summer meet, ings of the Fabian Society iu 1890 formed tho germ which has been expanded into the present publication. It is not, the writer tell us, "a critical essay on tlio Jioetic beauties of Ibsen, but simjily an exposition of Ihsenisin." Air. Shaw, it is needless to say to nnyono acquainted with his writings, handles the subject with exceptional ability and makes a brilliaut defence of Ibsen us a preacher of realism. Of the protest which sotno of Ibsen's doctrines have awakened, Air. Shaw, accepting tbo groat dramatist also as a great reformer, speaks thus : " For wo now seo that tho pioneer must necessarily provoke such outcry as he repudiates duties, tramples on ideals, profanes what was sacred, sanctifies what was infamous, always driving his plough through gardens ,of pretty weeds in spite of the laws made against trespassers for the protection of the worms which feed on the roots, lotting in light and air to hasten tho putrefaction of decaying matter, and every where proclaiming that ' the old beauty is no longer beautiful, the old truth no longer true.' He can do no less; and what more and what else he does it is not given to all of his generation to under stand. And if any man does not understand, and cannot foresee the harvest, what can he do hut cry out in oil sincerity against such destruction, until at lust wo come to know tho ory of tho blind like any other street cry and to bear with it us an honest cry, albeit a false alarm." Air. Shaw does not for a moment entertain the doubt felt by miiny critics as to whether Ibsen wrote as one charged with a mission. Some think that Zola and Ibsen trouble themselves no more about inculcating any definite lesson of moral philosojihy than does Ouida, but merely aim at realising artistic perfection in the presentation of actualities. They poohpooh the notion that the character of Nora Helmer lias been drawn for tho purpose of showing young wives what course they should pursue upon discovering that their husbands fall short of ideal perfection, contending that it is but a creation intended to display the author's constructive originality, and serve no higher purpose than entertainment. Air. Shaw does not even feel any shadow of a suspicion that this is tho case. Ho reads botween the lines boldly and interprets to the public as he goos along with an approving voice. He certainly jirescnts the main features of the chief dramas which have made the name of Ibsen rank with that of Shakespeare in the minds of thousands of intellect worshippers in a lucid and striking form. Particularly is this so in tho case of that play which is gradually coming to he recognised as the most subtle aud awful tragedy of the domestic kind in modern literature "Ghosts." "A Doll's House" is tho only play of Ibsen's which has boon presented in this colony, nnd as much debate arose con cerning its inner signification and the truo reading of its lesson it may bo woll to quote Air. Shaw as an authority who will command rosjiect. Nora is shocked by a deolaratioivof illicit love from hor husband's friond. This, Air. Shaw says, " at once explains to her the real nature of the domestic influence she lias been so jirond of. All her illusions about herself are now shattered ; she sees herself ns an ignorant and silly woman, a dangerous mother and n wife kept for lier husband's pleasure merely, but she ouly clings the harder to her illusion about him ; ho is still the ideal husband who would mako any sacrifice to rescue her from ruin. Sho resolves to kill herself rather than allow him to destroy his own career by taking the forgery on himself to save her reputation. Tho final disillusion comes when ho, instead of at once proposing to pursue this ideal line of conduct when he hears of the forgery naturally enough flies into a vulgar rage ami lieajis invective on her for disgracing him. Then she sees that their whole family life has been a fiction — their home a mere doll's house, whero they have been playing at ideal husband and father, wife and mother. So she leaves him then and there in order to find out tho reality of things for herself, and to gain some position not fundamentally false, refusing to see her children again until she is fit to be in charge of them, or to live with him until she and ho have become capablo of a more honorablo relation to one another." Air. Shaw does not venture to forecast what would happen after, although he takes Mr. Walter Bc9ant to task for having done so in a maimer hostile to Ibsen, nor does ho ven ture to affirm that Nora's action was not at bottom, narrow and selfish ns that of the devotee whose lifo is passed in keeping solitary guard over his own soul. But what ever is thought of his own view, it will be conceded that Mr. Shaw has written a hook which will serve to give its readers a fair general acquaintance with ono whoso right to stand prominently in the ranks of genius is no longer disputed. The book i3 sent to us by Messrs. Angus and Robertson. 