Varieties We learn wisdom from failure much more than success. We often discover what will do by finding out what will not do ; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.—Smiles. To be thrown upon one's own resources is to be cast into the very lap of fortune ; for our faculties then undergo a development and display an energy of which they were previously unsusceptible.—B. Franklin. A New York statiscian and financier fig- ures that out of 20,000 men only 8,000 will die worth over $10,000, and only 3,000 who can be called rich. He says that 3,000 men lose 5,000 dollars and upwards per year, and that 2,000 men lose 10,000 dollars each where one makes 100,000 dollars. In the palmy days of Rome the number of lions brought from Africa averaged 400 per year for nine years, and with these were leopards, tigers, hyenas, elephants, buffaloes and serpents almost without number. For several years there were 8,000 men employed in Africa in trapping wild animals to make sport for the people of Rome. A man at Red Bank, N.J., didn't like M. A. Jones, and to make Mr. Jones feel bad he sent him three or four letters with the name spelled ' Gones.' Jones appealed, to the United States authorities, and the joker settled the case for 260 dollars. He can now spell J-o-n-e-s with any man in the town. Think of all the evils from which you are exempt ! Clemency alone maketh man equal with the gods. Obstinacy is ever more positive when it is most in the wrong. WARM WITHIN. Skies may be dark with storm, While fierce the north wind blows, Yet earth at heart is warm, And the snowdrift hides the rose. —Celia Thaxter. Truth begets hatred, familiarity contempt, and success envy. Manners are not idle, but the fruit of loyal nature and of noble mind. Time destroys the speculations of man, but it confirms the judgment of nature. The virtue of Paganism was strength ; the virtue of Christianity is obedience. KING BY-AND-BY In his bright reign all debts are paid ; The ghosts of all crimes and blunders laid ; The penniless one can borrow ; No shadows darken his shining track, No burdens rest on the toil-worn back. No clouds hang over us grim and black, In the glorious reign of To-morrow. —Lucy A. Farnum. The ability to do difficult things easily and disagreeable things cheerfully is the first element of success in life, says Chauncy M.Depew. The folk lore of the Indians of Michigan is almost a thing of the past, but few of their legends being preserved at the present time. To be sure, there area few of the old natives, whose locks have been whitened by the re- curring frosts of many winters, who preserve a few of the traditions of their tribes. Such a one is Wienda-goo-ish, an aged brave, whose huge proportions gave him the name mentioned, which, translated into English, means giant. Being in a communicative mood a short time ago he related one of his tribal traditions, concerning the Manitou Islands and Sleeping Bear Point. He said that many years ago, before the primeval woods of Michigan and Wisconsin had been invaded by the ruthless white man, the wild animals of the forests were possessed of spirits, and that the medicine men of the tribes were able to talk with them. Once upon a time a huge she-bear was com- pelled to desert the shores of Wisconsin and with her two cubs take to the water of Michi- gan, the great lake, on account of fires that were raging in the wilderness. The heat was so intense that the mother bear concluded not to return to the Wisconsin shore, but struck boldly out for the banks of Michigan. When nearly across the lake the two cubs sank from exhaustion and were drowned. The old bear swam about the spot for hours, but her cubs rose not again. Finally weariness compelled her to seek the shore, reaching which she climbed a huge bluff and lay down to sleep. That bluff was Sleeping Bear Point, and from that day to this, the spirit of the old bear has remained on that bluff, and from the spot where sank the two cubs there gradually arose two beautiful islands, the North and South Manitou, or, as it means in the vernacular of the Ottawas, Spirit Islands. The spirits of the cubs are supposed to abide on the islands, and that of the mother bear keeps a constant and loving watch over the homes of her loved ones, where they are bound to remain until terrestrial time shall be no more, when they will be trans- ported to the Indian heaven, or happy hunting grounds, not as victims of the huntsmen, but as guardians of the Indians who love them. On stormy nights, the Indians say the spirit of the mother bear moans and cries from her post on the great sand bluff, in anxiety for the fate of her young, the shores of whose home are being assailed by the treacherous waves which caused their death. 