HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. S. P< On the night of October i7th, 1S42, the good ship “Mary Compton," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected overy moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to tho harbour. - Once there, and they were safe. Sure of hie position he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock, and went to pieces. Four men, in cluding the Captain, were saved. On reaoh ing the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand aud foot and extinguished tho light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by tho lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall bo said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed “ You are beyond human Aid. ” These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so. had he tho right to say so ? No; for he might bo wrong—and in any case hohad no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1SS9, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and sho was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled, ‘and,’ she said, ‘all objects seemed to go into a cloud.’ She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that sho could not lie down in bed and ' I could scaroely crawl about the house,’ she says, ‘ 1 was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I weut to tho Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, 11 have mixed you some modicine; you can take it or leave it.’ I took it for three rveekB, then gave up in despair. 'I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ‘You are past human Aid.' “My heart sank within me, for I had, five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother’s lcve and care. I had no appetite aud had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tingled blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o’clock on a Saturday morning and soirccly got rest from it until Monday tnorniug. “At this time I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford’s Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr Jesson's, tho Chemist, in GreDt Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could cat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished tho second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was getting my strength back. I am now (April, ISffO), in better health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends aud neighbours know tho facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40, Bread Streot, York Road, Leeds, This was a case of indigeston and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few mouths, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having know what Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs Wilson. In writing as well as speaking, one great secret of effective eloquence is, to say what is proper and stop when you have done— | Colton. ’ Have a time and place for everything, and ' do everything in its time and place, and you wilt not only accomplish more, but have far . more leisure than those who arc always hur r tying, as if in a vain attempt to overtake time that had been lost—Edwards. T ( T 1 C R bt oi tl H fe 1 fi G fi (i I I r r i i t i i 