M S'Darragh, novelist. THE IRISH DETECTIVE ; >r, THE STRATEGY OF A BRAVE MAN. OHiPIEB. XXYII1.—(COKTINTJED.) By OLD SLEUTH. Bat, my dear fellow, 1 have a big game I ,.nt to get you into, which will pay pounds o pennies against faro.' ' • Cori'fwe t&ik; it over to-morrow?' - Night is the' time f or our buaineBB, old man. 1 tell you/ Added the Monde, with a careless laugh, ' I like to get talking about money-making at the hour when graveyards j«wn and the dead in phantom form go prowling around.' ' Haeh l huBh 1'eaid Jack, as his eyeballs otatted and his limbs began to tremble under him. ' What is the Matter with.yon? Hang it 1 you shake like a man who has the ague, and your eyes glare Like two live coals, while, on my life, your hair stands on end like a porcupine's quills 1 I'll give you some whisky, old fellow ; your nerves are Unstrung, or you HATE seen something,' said the blonde, in a tone of-badinage. * Give me a drink and let me out ol here I' gasped Jack. • wan* <wi earth do you want to get but ol herefor? :Wijy, man,-thereV cot a soul in (hie house, but eversince I mentioned tt>at dark chap who you say -is.a detective, you have betn acting like a man who' jiae » CHAPTER XX •Djh't speak ol ghosts,' wailed Jack, in an. fewer tu the blonde's remarks with which we closed tne previous chapter. O'Neil jj Dariagh rose from his seal andj going to a cupboard in one corner of the room, brought lorth a bottle and a couple of glasses. Jack seized the bottle the moment it was put on the table, and pouring one of the ({lasses nearly lull, he drank it off without a wink. 'By George! you WEEK dry 1' exclaimed the blonde. * Give me the .money you promised and I'll .get out of here.' . * No, no, sit down. I tell you I have a' big job on hand, and there is a heap of money in it, we can corn in a few days—money enough to keep us for life 1' Tiie half-breed vestured another glanoe at the mirror. He saw reflected there only his own dark visage, to which the colour had returned by tue tffeci.8 of the heavy glass of whisky be bad taken. * Sit down, sit down 1" said O'Neil. * I tell you old man, I'll make you rioh: and you'll have a fist fuil of these fellows if you'll only settle down to business.' As the blonde epoke he displayed a coll of bank notes. The half-breed's eyes at once gleamed with another light far different from that which only a etcond or two before had -illuminated them. The curse on liis soul was the love of gambling, and to gratify this passion he inust have money. Here was a man displaying heavy notes and asking him to become a sharer in apian to obtain thousands. Again he seized the bottle and drank oS a heavy quantum. As he drank off thesecond glass he resumed his seat. * You begin to look a little like yourself again now, said the blonde. ' ⁢ a second ago you reminded me of the condition I was in once.' ' What condition was that ?' asked the half-breed. * Well, I killed a man once, and ioz two years was haunted by his ghost.' As the blonde pronounced the word' ghost*' Jack chanced to glance once again toward the mirror,when he again oought sight of the blood-stained apparition which he had before seen. This time he leaped to his feet and ottered an oath, but did nut show such signs of terror as he had displayed a few second" previously. 1 Hang it, old man 1' said O'Neil, ' you aot like a man who was haunted by a ghost, for every time I use the word yon go shaking like an aspen leaf. Sit down and take another drink.' Jaofcdid not want urging to take the drink and having recovered somewhat from his first ' terrors, with the aid of the fumes of the whisky, be mustered sufficient courage to resume his seat. * I was telling you about my ghost,' said the blonde. Jaok winced but made no reply. * That ghost followed me for two years, but I laid him at last.' 'How did you lay him?'said Jack, his eyes bulging out with eagerness. ''Well, I'll tell yon some other time. What we want-to talk about now is business. This job I want you to get Into with me is fe good one, but there is blood to be let.' Jaok involuntarily glanoed in the glass-; at the same moment a strange, sepulchral voice was heard to say: ' No more blood! no more blood 1' The half-breed at this fell from bis chair in a fit. It was fully half an hour before M'Darragh managed to bring the fellow round. The instant Jfffck was restored the blonde «Qid to him : Qld man, what sent you G£E in that manner r * I want to get away from here 1' murmured Jack, in buskv tones. • Why do you want to get away ?' 'Didn'tyou bear that voice?' asked the half- breed. . rJu • Hear what voice ?' • A voice which said," No more blood! no more blood!'" • No, sir 1 I heard no voice. Yon must be drunk, or else you're haunted.' Jack rose to his feet and moved toward the door. ' Where are you going now?' asked the blonde. • I am going to leave this house.' ' Well, if you won't stay, I'm not going to coax you.' The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done so than he uttered a piercing scream, and dashed the door to again. ' Hang it, old man I you're drunk, sure!' said the blonde, while a smile played over his face. ' Oh, heavens 1' groaned Jaok. 4 What's the matter V asked O'Neil. ' Didn't you see it?' 'See what?' • Why—why, a— a— 1 ' A what ? My man, yon are aB drunk.as a boiled owl. You talk more mysteries than any man I ever saw, drunk or sober.' Jack moved over to the far part of the room, and said, pointing towards the en* trance: ' Open that door 1' M'Darragh stepped forward and opened the door. Nothing was visible. • By thunder 1 I must he drunk or I'm dre&ming; muttered Jack. ' What did you THINK you saw ?' asked the blonde- ' Thtfghost of my mother,' answered the half-breed. ' Did you kill your mother V ' No.' ' Well, then, you're drunk sure; for you will never see a ghost unless it ie the phantom of some one you have murdered. I know that. The detective shut the door, when Jaok tottered across the room and opened the door himself. There, in the darknesB, stood the form of Harry Trendall. The blood shone red on his fsir locks, his face pale, and bis eyes gleaming with a str-nge light. Jack left the door standing open and, staggering back into the zoom, asked, addressing the blonde: *Do you see anything in that doorway?' •No.' •Areyou sureT •Ob,go along with yon,old man. You are enly fooling. Don't you suppose that if I saw anything there I should say so at once?' 1 7 The half-breed made a movement to pasB through the door despite the presence of the phantom, when the - latter raised his hand warningly, and motioned the terrified fellow back. The half-breed recoiled, after dashing the doorto. • Well, be hanged, old boy, if you ain't making me nervous. I guess ypn're crazy; you make my flesh crawl 1' • I saw it again 1' 'Saw what?' • My mother's ghost I' ' See here, Jack, you had better go home. I do not thick you good company. 1 do not want you around here. You make me nervous.' As O'Neil spoke he advanced and opened the door. Jack glared in the passage way and saw nothing. . •There, get out; yoa are tight or crazy !' said the blonde. . The half-btv.ed moved toward the door, thinking that probably the presence of the bio-Jo joisht.keep the apparition down, but the moment,, be. reachs* tho threshold tho .figure appeared in view, and wavea faim baok as before. . Once more the Indian reaoiled, strioken with terror, and exclaiming, in wild, hysterio . tones: • Ah, ha 1 there it is I there it is 1' •There's what?' asked the blonde; 'I sue nothing 1' The latter swung the door to and address* ing Jaok, said: ' See here, old man, there is something ap with you. Now, tell me joBt what you think you aee.' Jack was quite unnerved, and too much shaken to lie any more, and he said: ' As I live, I saw the ghost of a, man I used to know 1' • Who is the man 7' • A man who ran away.' • Ban away from where?' ' From a place up in the country.' ••Then he must have been murdered I* • I didn't murder him 1' ' You are speaking falsely 1' same a hollow voioe. The half-breed's tongue alove to tbe root of his mouth. His face was horribly distorted,but he was speechless. O'Neil stood by, seemingly nnoonscious of any sight or sound but that whioh fell from the suffering man before him. Ac length the half-breed'found voice and asked: • Did you hear anything ?' .«Nothing. 4 • The shadow spoke!' said Jack, In a gasping voice. O i-S • See here, old man, you're keeping something back, said the blonde. • What do you mean ?' • Whose ghost is it you see?' ' The ghost of Harry Trendall.' ' Why should his apparition appear to yon, Jack?' 4 1 do not know.' • 'Tis false 1' oame the voice. •Did you bear it then?' asked Jack,in trembling tones. 4 X beard nothing.' • Oh, what shall I do V muttered Jack, in a terrified tone. 'If that ghost is haunting yoa you must •' lay " him,' said O'Neil. ' How can I ?' said Jack. 'I tell you apparitions don't haunt men unless they want them to do something; you must find out what the ghost wants you so do, and you will be all right; that is the way I laid my ghost.' • How can I find out what the spirit wants me to do ?' ' You must speak to it.' • I can't.' • You might as well do it first as last, eld man, for as it has left its grave once it will come to you until you attend to what it wants.' . Jack waa silent a second, but at length mustered courage enough to say: • Open the door.' 4 Will you speak to it?' ' Yes.' The detective at once opened the door, when there, standing in the passage-way,was the figure, terrible and ghastly as when first seen. \- CHAPTER XXX. Calm and mot r o iless the figure stood. The half-breed stood equally motionleSB, but his contorted features were expressive of another mental condition than that of calmness. ' Speak to it,' said the blonde. 4 Do ycu see it ?' oried Jack. • No. but from your actions I imagine that you do,' was the reply. • Oh, it's there I' murmured Jack. • Well, speak to it; you will never have a better chance.' Dropping upon his knees and raising hiB hands in a pleading manner, Jack began to move his lips, but no sound issued from them. Tbe shadow still stood silent 8nd motionless Jack at length contrived to mumble: • Would yon speak to me ?' The apparition bowed its head. Jack's face became livid and his features worked with nervous twitches, which were painful to behold. oil i.9 • At last he managed to gasp: • What would you—you—' Slowly the figure raised its aim and made a swaying motion, indicating that it desired Jack to follow it. Jack shook his bead involuntarily, as much as to say, ' No, I will not follow thee, thou horrid shape.' ' Why don't you speak to it if yoa Bee it ¥ said M'Darragh. • I have spoken to it, and il is motioning me to follow it.' ' Don't you do it.' ' What shall I dot' ' Tell the thing to speak out, and that yon will promise to obey its behests.' Jack managed to artioulate the words: • Speak to me, and I will obey your com* mands.' The lips ol the ghost moved and, in s sepulchral voice, oame the words : • Will you swear ?' 4 Swear,' said the blonde, eagerly. 'Did you hear the voioe then?'asked the half-breed. M'Darragh saw that he had given himself away, but quickly recovered his ground by asking, innooently; i 4 Didn't yon say something about swearng?' • It was the ghost.' ' Well, if the ghoBt wants you to swear, why swear away; you'll have to do it sooner or later.' • 1 will swear,' said Jaok. The ghoBt raiBed itB hand and,in strangely awful tones, said: • Swear that you will do a9 I inetruos.' 4 1 swear 1' said Jack. c Your oath is recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A instant's silence followed. O'Neil innocently asked: • What is going on now ? What is the ghost doing ?' • Nothing.' 4 Ask what it wantB you to do, man; there must be something wrong.' 4 What would you have me do, Harry ?' said Jack, 4 You murdered mel said the ghost. Jack made no answer to this charge. After a considerable pause tbe phantom proceeded: ' Yoa murdered me, and unless you do as I command I will haunt you ontil the evidence is secured that will lead to your execution.' . 4 What am I to do ?' asked Jaok. '' Go to some one and reveal the hidingplace of M.;SB Edelin. •I will!' < 130 4 Do it, ot you die!' Again there waB a pause, when the voice repeated the word ' remember,' and disappeared. •Thankheaven,'muttered Jack. • Is it all over ?' said O'Neil. •It's gone.* • Well have you got a hard job ?' •No.' The half-breed's nerves were completely unstrung, bis fieroe, stubborn naturs quite subdued. Alter a second he said: • Close the door.' M-Darragh did as requested. ' No suspicion Beemed to havejorossed Jack s mind. He evidently appeared to accept the scene as real. ' Take a drink !' said the blonce. : The half-breed had just managed to raise a glass to his lips and drink it off, when the word, distinctly pronounced, fell upon his ear: • Remember l' « O Neil acted in a perleotly natural way and said : • Now that yon have got through with your ghost we can talk abourohe business webave in hand.' • Not now,' said the half-breed. 4 Why not?' 4 Are you a friend of mine, Tom t' enquired the half-breed. • 4 Certainly.' \- • Can yon hold a secret ?' • Certainly.' . 4 Would yoa ears fo hear what the ghost said?' . 4 Well, I am not particular, bat I will listen to your story if it will ease your mind at all.' • I have a secret. 4 Well?' 4 The ghost commanded me to reveal that secret.' • Well, you had better do ae tbe ghost told you,' said O'Neil,carelessly. 4 That is what I want to do.' 4 Do you wish to oonfide your seoret to me, then?' 'Yes. 4 Well, go ahead.' 4 1 had a hand in the abduction of a gal.' ' 'That is many a bad man's case.' 4 1 am to reveal the place where that gal is concealed. • To whom ?' • The ghost didn't say.' 4 Well, you mast interview the ghost again and findont who it wants you to reveal the secret to.' 4 It said some one.' 4 1 am some one.' 4 1 will reveal the secret to you.' 4 1 am a good man to learn a seoret.' 4 The gal's name is Marian Edelin; she is supposed to be dead, bat she still lives and 13 kept a prisoner. It was bard for M'Darragh to avoid an exclamation or expression whioh would have batrayed him. He managed, however, to keep both tongue and face, and remaiked in an indifferent manner: 4 Is the girl a relative?' 'No.' • The girl you are engaged to ?' 'No.' 4 Well, what have you to do with the mat ter?' • She is the girl the ghoBt was to have married on the day he died.' • Go on with your story.' • You have heard of the jewelled corpse that was found a few days ago ?' •Yes.' • Well, that was the body of a gal that died in the hospital, and she was dressed in the real gal's clothes.' •Oh, let me see,'said O'Neil, reflectively; 4 It strikes me that I read something about the case. First there was a man missing and then a girl.' • Yes.' ' Well, the girl is not dead, then, after all?' •No.' ' Where is she hiding,?' • She is a prisoner in the house of some people near P .' • What do they want to keep her a prisoner for ?' ' To get her property.' • How oan anyone get her property as long she lives ?' •As soon as the excitement has blown over the gal will be poisoned and never seen or heard of more. It is a deep game, and when it is all played out I am to have a big stake.' •And that is the reason yoa held your seoret so well, you scamp 1' said the detective in a tone that caused the half-breed to leap from his feet and utter an exclamation of astonishment. 4 Your game is played out, Jack.' ' Who are yoa T asked the half-breed, in strange tones. • I am a chap who'has been on your track for the last few months, and at last I have ran you to earth.' A certain revelation seemed to flash over the half-breed's mind and he cried : f You are a detective ! I •I am and you are my prisoner P [ a ptSuteSe 9 I T ^ J A ^ Z ment to use the weapon was seized -<rom the 1 In a tone of absolute despair be groaned: • 1 am sola !' . Ai ..-> • Yes. you are, you scoundrel I' The Indian turned his head and found that he was in the grasp of the ghost. Harry Trendall did not seem much like a phantom at the moment, and yet bis presence in flesh and blood appeared to unnerve his prisoner more than if he bad been an apparition. •Harry Trendall, alive!' ejaoalated the balf-bceed. 1 Yes, I am; bat no thanks to yoa, yoa scoundrel!' M-Darragh stepped forward at this instant and before Jack was aware of what was to transpire he found bis hands clasped in a pair of eteel bracelets, • Your race of arime is ran, my man 1' said M'Darragh. Jack was perfeotly mute for a few seconds; at length his dark face assumed a dreadful hue as he said: 4 Yoa haven't got your game yoar own way yet.' • Oh, yes, we have,' said O'Neil. 4 You think the girl lives?' ' Yes.' 4 She is dead,' said Jack, in a tone of joy. «I lied.' Harry Trendall sprang towards the miserable wretch, when the detective intervened and said: • It is no use for yon to tell any more lies, Jack; I secured ;he girl before I seoured you.' ^ • I am not lying now.' 4 1 know yon are.' 4 Why did you {lay the ghost on me then ?' 4 1 wanted evideice to hang you, and I wanted a witness, is you were the only witness of your dreadbl crime.' The half-breed aw that his whole game was up. The calm, resobte man, wbo had been following him daj after day under various disguises, had placed his game carefully and well. There was no eoape fo: tbe fellow. Jack was silent for awhile, but at last he said: ' Will you great me one favor ? If you will, I will ooness everything you w«nt to know.' CEAPTEB XXXI, ' What is thefavor you wish me to grant. Jack ?' • You must (ivs me your word of honor and then I'll put e-idence in your hands to dear op all mjstekis— after I fulfil my part you imiBt fulfil yoirs.' • I can male no blind promise.' , 4 Taen I mist be silent.' 133 •Yoarsileioe can do no harm now, I have learnedaboat all I want to know, and I have Eufficieit evidence to send you where you will be harmless for the next twenty years.. Jack's lacs was a fearful pioture of extreme agony as heeaid: • 1 am anladiau, and do. not fear death ; but imprisenment to me would be more terrible than t hundred deaths ; Shoot me, ob, in metcy, dioot me t' • 1 am eirry for you, Jaok, but I must do my duty ;.you have been engaged in eeveral terrible t.'jmee, and the law must take its course,' '• The lalf-breed was then taken away and placed .n the watchhouse and from thence to Daringburst. Theiharge against him.waBthe murdetous assaul on Harry Trendall. Thelaiter would have pleaded for the halfbreed,and refused to tftaae a charge against hin\ vere.it not for the fact that it was not in thi power of the detective to permit Jack to gt. , M-Darragh was regularly enrolled in the ptlics force, and disgrace would have fallen upu him had he consented to tho halfbred's release. _ idifficult joo'still remained for the detectiveto perform. Syrian Edelin was yet to be released. MDarragh felt certain that Jack bad told thetuth in the first place, when he said that Morin was a prisoner in Jonathan Turner's houe. It vas a very probable thing, at least, as the Tirner mansion was-situated in a park, at leat a mile removed from any other residence. Besi«s, the detective had learned one very suspiciae fact—all the servants had been dismissed from Bidge Grove on the plea that Mr." Tuner and bis wife were going to move to the ity. Weeki had passed and the removal bad not taken pLee; on the contrary, Mr. Turner and bis wife bad remained secluded in their home, reusing to see company on one plea and anober. And aLthat time they were dependent on the eervses of ona servant—a girl who claimed ti have been an old servant in Mrs. Turner's amily before the latter left England^ Oneimprtant fact it is necessary to record. M'Darr^h was -wail acquainted with tbe character t Mrs. Turner. He knew her to be a desperate and revengeful TOman, who, in the laBt extremity wouldperfoim any act, no matter how fiendish. It »as lab at night when a man alighted from a trair at the station nearest to Bidge Grove, He was dessed in an unoouth manner and looked like ai eld farmer. fie did no linger around the station, but started afootthe instant he left tbe train and took the roat leading to the Turner mansion. He was a rtpid walker, and eoon reacbed the belt of wads frequently described during the course of mr narrative. Once undei the shadow of the treeB, he darted into th< woods and disappeared on the side leading tcward Indian Jack's cabin in the forest. Halt an hou; after the singular stranger's disappearance hto the forest, a figure came stealing out upin the road from the same direction. One glance wa sufficient to indicate that the individual me an Indian. The latter ws dressed in tbe rough clothes that had usually been worn by the ball-breed when sauntering around his native hills. Upon his feet, however, instead of boots were a pair of oramental moocasins, which enabled him to hove over toe ground with noiseless step. He made bis wa; straight to Bidge Grove house. The hour was past midnight. The mansion stcod on the bluff or knoll which rose at lea& fifteen feet above the surrounding level, thus giving the house a lofty and imposing appearance, and causing it to cast its shadow far across the well- kept lawn. When tbe man cane under the shadow cf the house he passed round it several times, studying every window. Every light seemed to be out, as not the faintest glimmer struggled through any of the wihdowE. The fellow carted a small satchel with bim, and after ha"ing satisfied himself in the purpose which lad caused him to pass round and round ths house, he came to a halt nnder the shadow oltne rear portioo,the roof of which was on a Iffel with the second story windows. The man here opeied his satchel and drew forth a stout hnottd rope, on the end of which was adjusted alarge steel hook, so arranged as to be easilymade fast to any projecting object. The half-breed was 'cry deliberate in every movement; and, whativer his purpose might be, he had evidently ome iully prepared to „ carry it „ out. ' the^edge of'^tbe J S r f o f a S a ^ ^ ^ ! Z°n' TltZll' £ fiEcecd. [TO BE C;NHXUED"J QM 12 J 