TALES AND SKETCHES. Three Mays' Oracc. (CONTINUED rlKIM LAST HATUHDAY.) " Thoro! You soo it wns I, nnd yot / -Kits not X, wlio ilrovo Mr. Adnir from tho station," sho snitl, laughing. "But I was moro artistically gotten up this aftorhoon, inipa. I had wrinldoB painted all over my faro. I don't thiulc you una mo roust liiou — had you, Mr. Adair?" " Xndood 1 had not !" said Allan, thinking how difforontly ho would havo apokon if ho had gtiosscil. "I ' cannot sulllcioutlynpologizo for having holiovcd you nil guilty of making life wrotohod toa poor croaturo just smkiiig into tho gravo." "You -must havo douovory well, ?ay, to havo mystilied auy ouo so com- plotoly," said Dick. "But you wiU not tnko a moan ndvnntago of any ' soorotsyou may havo oxtraoted fiom him, will you?" , . "Indood I will," lay declared, giving a merry, doliaut nod nt Allnu, ns sho rosumed hor sout, from which ho iuforrcd that oho did not moan to grant him ono hour's private upoech during his throo dnyB' grnco. 'Ibis gloomy thought lingered last in his mind when ho fell naloop, hut tho noxt morniug all neutimontnl ' fancies woro dispolTod hy the sorious disoovory that Iio had been robbed. Ho had put out a shirt stud and slaovo- huttono richly Bet with diamonds, but hoiug pressed for timo in dressiug for dinner, had not put them on, and left thorn lying on Ills urosstiig-casu. In tho morning thoy linil disnp- . poured— thoy might linvo boon ab stracted the ovouing before or (luring tho night. Aftor hroakfost ho quiotly iuformcd Ms host of his loss ; hut tlio information . was not at all quietly received. Mr. Holmes raisod a duivuriglit huo and ory, tolographed for dotoctives, ncousod tho servants generally and sovorally, and, in short, turned tho houso topsy-turvy. Nothingwiistalked : of hut tho robbory, and great oxeito- mont prevailed in tho neighborhood. Two prociousdnys woro consumed in a fruitloss quest ot tlio niiBSiug jowols. Allan was so much in request to discuss ovory possible aspect of bis loss that ho could not got the least opportunity of prosecuting his suit with Fay. . Butonrly on tho third morning a liousomaid, in dusting liis room, found thodiamonds onthetloor, snugly tuekod beneath tho log of tho dressing case. Sho rushed ilowu-stnirs and spread tho uows liko wildiiro over tho houso thatMr. Adair had novor lost .anything nt all — ho had movoly lnisluid tho nrtldos l>y his own cnrolossness. Evory ouo wns iiidigunnt at boing f alsoly alnrmccl or aroused, nnd dis- gustod at his rondinoss to cry " Thief ! : thiof !" To add to his discomfiture, ho lonrnod nt hroakfnst that Fny had n sovero hondacho, and would not got It was a wretched day. Ho could not but fool that lus kind entertainers woro justly annoyed at tho uimccossniy iuconvoniouco ho had caused thorn. Ho occupied himsolf in paying tho detectives, nud in apologizing iuuivid- unlly to tlio sorvnuts, bestowing upon them all amnio foos as bnlm to thoir wounded feolings. "When theso labours were conclucd, lio sat down to wonder how ho could over havo boon so abominably heed less. " I can't bcliovo that I dropped tho things and thon kicked them out of Right!" ho declared to himself. "It's inrrcdiblo I can havo boon sucli a fool !" And whilo ho thus mused, lio arrived at a solution of tho mystory less pniu- ful to his vanity. Ho threw asido tho book ho was rending, wroto tho following noto nt tho library tablo, nud fiont it to Fay's room by a housemaid : " Dearest Fay — I don't bcliovo you nro ill at all. If I do sot boo you on tho western veranda in half nu hour, I shall toll your father that you stolo my diamonds, Locarno frightened and replaced them. " Youw, devotedly, Allan." In ton minutes Fay camo tripping out upon tho voriradn, a lovoly, rose- flushed vision in a pnlo blue gown. "Thon it icas you ?" ho cried oagorly. " why, cortninly ! Any ono but you would havo suspected mo from tho first. I should rospoct you far moro highly if you woro yoursolf capablo of porpot- rattng, or oven appreciating, a joko." " Oh ! thon this wns a joko V" du biously. " Of courso. Papa might think it n very good ouo : but tbon, ngniu, ho miglitn t," sho eonfossed, laughing. " So you mustu't tell him, plenso." "Perhaps I won't, if you'ro good," Allan said, gravely. " It's delightful to nave you m iny power, Tins tor- riblo Heerot I hold over your head is liko a mngiciau's wand ; bv its aid I cau mnko you do anything I ploaso. Shall I command you to walk with mo ovor to tlmt dnrk clump of firs ?" " No, no !" sho said, quickly. Sho felt that tho inevitable hour of her surrender wns near ut liaud, but mnidouly instinct warned hor to avoid it as long n« possiblo. Sho seatod ltor- solf in a ruBtiu chnir, whoro tho last hoams of tho sun lingered lovingly on hor faco, and proceeded to oxplnin her rofusal : "Icnn't go there. "Wo aro afraid of tho spot ovon in daylight ; wo call it tho Closo. Hundreds of years ago tho dauglitor of this houso used to moot nercnosen icmgnt tnore in secret. Ho wns hor father's - onomy, and thoy know that if thuy unshed to wed thoy must lonvo tho country. Ono midnight, whilo thoy stood wrappod in each othor's arms, planning their oscapo to Franco, tho tomblo old fathor nnd his minions burst in upon thorn and slow thorn both ; nnd in tho snmo hour tho mon dug a holo in tho contro of tho Closo, and flung thoir bodies in with out a singlo prayer. And so accursed is tho spot that noithor wood nor grass will grow thero." (Tlio fact of this was, that tho gnr- .denor, anxious for tho credit of the ancient myth, periodically killed tho vegotatiou in that particular locality wilh salt). "And thoir rostloss souls for over haunt tho unconsocrntcd ground," Fay concluded, impressively. " Truly a sad talo," said Allan. " You linvo mado mo moro desirous of visiting tho Close thnn over." " Supposo yougo to-nightat twolvo," suggested Fay, miscliiovously. " If you woro to bring mo a pino cono fouud in tho haunted spot at tho mystic hour, I should think vastly bettor of you than I do now. Put of courso you wouldu't dnro." " Indoed I dnro, nud Iwill!"attid tho young man, warmly. " Though I do not lumd admitting that woro I to soo a ghost it would most cortaiuly doprivo mo of reason." " Thon I dovoutlv hopo you will not soo any," Fay said, so very sweotly that a varguo suspicion sprang up in Allan's mind, and grow stronger throughout tho ovoning, whoaovor lio mot tho morry, half-malioious gleam of hor oyes. " What can tlio littlo witch bo up to now V" ho mused, as ho wont to his room about eleven nnd began to pack liis belongings — his train left at an early hour. "It's precious littlo good I havo had of my suit of armor down here," ho muttored, discontentedly. " Tho fuss about my being robbed, of courso, precluded nil thought of cliar- Ho looked at his martial oquipmont, and as lie did so ho was reminded of Fay's story. " I might porsonnto tho poor kuight of tho Close to perfection," ho solilo quized. A sudden thought miulo him start from his chair. " 13y Jovo ! Wag that Fay's mischiovous dolight mount this evening '? Does sho iutend to poso as tho murdered muidou? If 60, why two can play at that gamo, my lady V1 And when twelvo o'clock approached ho armod himself cap-a-pie, and silently descending tho staus, passed out through tlio unrkonou lulu. Thero was a moon, but it was most of tho tiiuo obscured by clouds, and ho stolo quietly from ouo group of slivubbory to tho next, stimulated by tlio'remcinbrnnco that Fay had said sho should liko him hotter if ho wcro capable of perpetrating a joko. lo rcaohud tho Closo, and hid him self near tho bare Bpot whoro the mediiuval lovers sluiuborod. lio began to foar ho had mistakon Fay's iutentions, whon a figure camo iuto viow nt a short distance. Tho moon shono outbrilliautly, and rovenloil a slondormaidou, in a flowing whito robo. Sho wns wringing hor hands, and uttering teuderlittlo moans and lmd not Allan boon prepared for it, tho sight would certainly havo ap palled him. Ho ebiauk from iaHiotwg a similar horror upon Fay, but without giving liis rcfiolvo timo to cool, suddenly sprang out into tho moonlight, anu stood a tall, magnificent apparition in hintng steel. Tho other ghost sank upon her knocs in nu nttitudo of abject terror, and in a .broken voico begged for mercy. " Triflcst thou thus with holy things? — niockest thou " began tlio knight, sternly ; but lio broko into a laugh anil could got no further. Ho raised tho shuddering girl to hor feet, saying tenderly : " Hy darling, don't you know mo ?' Oh, Allan, thank Heaven, it is only you !" sobbed Fay, making no effect to escape from tho manly but metallic arms that encircled her. " Dearest, can you oyor forgivo mo for frightouing you so cruelly r' Allen implored. "Oh, I wns not so very much scared," roturned Fay, coolly. "Not scared? why, you woro whito as a shoot — you sobbed and gnspod ns a terrified child. "What do you mean by saying that you woro not scared ?" " Oh, nothing ! Only when I slipped into your room to stoat tho diamonds——" " Dishonornblo littlo spy! "Woll, go on !" " Tho armor enso wns opon, that is all!" laughed Fay, contentedly pillow ing hor head upon tho tin integument of hor lovor's breast. Thoy stood thus, making a vory protty tabloau. Allon was satisfied. His throo days' grace, ovon if thoy showed him no match for lior in practical joking has brought hor to a confession ana surrender. concluded. 