The Temple of the Body. BY REV. F. B. METER, B.A., Regent's Park Chapel. " But He spake of tbe temple of His body."-JOHN ii, 21. What is your body ? An inn, thronged with busy traffic ! A library, whose shelves are being gradually filled with the gathering stores of knowledge! A counting-house, dedicated to money-making, in which the amassing of weall or tho maintenance of a competence is the o and all-important object! A playhouse, used i no higher purpose than pleasure-seeking! stye, where swinish passions revel! "But spake of the temple of His body." The conception was full of beaixty. As THE TEMPLE AT JERUSALEM, with it maible pavements, its pillared cloiste ita terraced coutts, its rich adornment, was one the fairest spectacles under the eun, so is t human body, designed and built by the Divi skill, worthy of tho Creator of the heavens ai earth. Consider those ivory pillars of bone, tho alabaster walls of flesh, that many-toned organ speech, those long corridors of brain and ner through which thought and emotion move, tho storied archives where memory resides as t custodian of the records of the past, and tell r if you do not see an exquisite beauty and delica in the Lord's comparison, as " He spake of t" temple of His body." The conception was as new as it is beautifi Men had been wont to consider the body as t] seat of evil, and the principal impediment to saintly life. The Epicurean, like the "flesh school " of the present day, gave himself up obey its wildest impulses, as though a rid should throw the reins on tho neck of a flei steed. The Stoic sought to crush out and star all natural instincts. And this has been tl motive of asceticism in all ages. " I fear that have ill- treated my brother the ass," said S Francis of Assissi, a few hours before his deat as he looked with a kindly and half-humored pi1 on the worn and emaciated body, prematurely e: hausted by vigil, fasting, and maceration. At tho most, men were prepared to give to Gc a part of their being, one room out of many to t His shrine, the organ of veneration, the attituc of worship, the hour of mornin ; prayer. But tl Son of Man said that the body was not in itse evil, and that it might be THE SHRINE AND HOME OF GOD, the temple of Him who dwells in the high and hoi place, whose Being fills the immensity of th universe, but who makes his dwelling-place wit loving and contrite hearts. He said, moreove that not one organ but every organ, not on attitude but all, not one engagement but ead should be pervaded by the thought of worshi and dedication, cleansed in the blood of atont ment, made fragrant with the perfume of ineens< and included in priestly ministry and service. And the conception became characteristic c Christianity. Wherever the religion of Jesu went, men conceived a new idea of the sacrednos of the body. Had He not worn it ? Had He no carried it through death into the light of Eastei and the glory of the throne? Had he not spokei of it as a temple ? The natural instinsts could b neither common nor unclean. And it must b possible so to order and rule thom as that the; should be the willing servants of a holy will am consecrated purpose, not impeding the aymmetri cal beauty of the loftiest characters, but pro moting it; and doing the will of God on earth a it is done in heaven. From this source the Apostle derived th motive-power with which to nerve his converts ii their conflict with the evils of their time. Writ ing to those at Corinth, one of the fairest inthi sisterhood of fair cities with which Greece ha< adorned herself, the beauty of whose temples wai only equalled by the voluptuousness and impurity of the worship which defiled the loveliest achieve ments of humanart, he said emphatically, " Knov ye not that YE ARE THE TEMPLE OF, GOD, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? Jj any man dofilo tho temple of God, him will Goc destroy; for the temple of God is.holy, whicl temple ye are." (1 Cor. iii. IC, 17 ; vi. 19 j 2 Cor vi. 16.) Is it not significant that, in His first miracle, our Lord hastened to put honor on marriage at the wedding feast, and in this His second public act, by a sinjle word, reinstated the body in ite rightful place as the help-meet and shrine of the consecrated soul, a thing which may be presented as a sacrifice unto God, holy, and acceptable, and reasonable (Rom. xii. 1) ? Surely thus it became Him as Son of Man ? " He spake of the temple of His body." I. THE TIME OF HIS SPEAKING. It was tho month of April. The land was green with pastures, and carpeted with myriads cf flowers, tho air vocal with the singing of birds, and laden with sweet scent, the thoroughfares thronged with pilgrims for the Passover i nd with the flocks for the Paschal Feast. JerusÄeni was in her glory. And at such a time therTseemed nothing extravagant in the panegyric of the patriot Psalmist when he sang, " Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth is Mount Zion, tho city of the groat King." After the miracle at Cana, our Lord went down to Capernaum, with which most of Eis disciples were associated, and which thenceforward became his home. But He did not stay there " many days," as the time had come for Him to inaugu rate Ilia public ministry in tho metropolis of Hi people, and in connection with the very heart o their religious system. II. THE PLACE OF HIS SPEAKING. It was in.tho temple that He who. was Himsel the Temple of God, spake of the body as a temple And there was a special fitness in the coinci dence. The temple had three divisions. Th outer, which lay beneath tho gaze of Israel; tbj inner, or Holy Place, where the whiterobec priests went to and fro on their sacred ministries awed by the sense of the nearness of God's mani fosted presence ; and the innermost, or Mos Holy Place, where the Shekinah, in Solomon*! temple, shown botween .the bending forms of th« cherubim. . - _ ? Similarly tripartite is the nature of man. Th< body is its outer court. Next to that is the soul the seat of consciousness, of thought and will, o emotion and imagination, a family of priest meant to minister to God, in robes of. stainlesi purity, under the sense of his presence, theil every movement music, their every act worship But below this wondrous play of movement is the spirit; that in which man is likes God, and by which he is capable of be coming God-filled and God-possessed. For i is through the spirit that man's naturo open; out into the world of spirit, of the infinite an< eternal, and becomes tho residence and shrine o God. The nature of man is a trinity in unity Three constituent portions-body, soul, anc spirit-make up each individual unit of th< human family. ALL ARE NOT, BUT ALL MAYBE TEMPLES In many, alas, that most sacred chamber, with iti marvellous capacities for God, is untenanted anc unexplored, given over to darkness and neglect In regeneration tho Divine reaidenco is inaugu rated. Tho Holy Ghost is distinctly described ai dwelling within the believer. Not always paten to our consciousness, because deeper than th< sphere of emotion, and in the spirit. But frou our second birth marvellous possibilities presen themselves. Almost immediately the soul, whicl is the seat of consciousness and choice, must elec whether it will permit itself to be most largely influenced by the body or the spirit. If it choos< the former, B'xved though it be, it will inevitably become carnal, and unable to digest God's deej and spiritual teaching (1 Cor. iii. 2); but, if il choose the latter, it will become increasingly spiritual-the light of the Most Holy will stroan; with growing intensity into the holy place o; thought and feeling, until the whole tenor of the inner life is ennobled and purified. And thence th© waves of blessed life will pass outward to the body, till every member experiences the sacrée influence, and begins to sparklo and glow, as when the light of the shekinah brake through all cur taining restraints, and bathed in glory the entire fabric, standing in its earliest completeness. That was illustrated in tho Transfiguration, ir which the Body of the blessed Lord shone as the sun, and even HÍB clothes were white as thc light. You will never be able to govern the body by the unaided power of the soul. Go deeper than the soul-life, however fervid its love or strenuous ita resolves. Avail yourselves of the indwelling grace of the Holy Ghost. Let the parting veil be rent and withdrawn. And then, through the recipient soul, the light and life and love of God will stream forth to ennoble and irradiate the entire nature. III. WHAT WAS THE OCCASION ? The hills of Moab were hardly purple with the dawn before the streets were crowded with throngs hurrying to the temple. But the tortuous streets were rendered almostimpassable on account of the traflic and business caused by the vast concourse of people. There were sellers of trinkets and souvenirs ; drovers of sheep and oxen with their charge ; exchangers of tho coins of all the world for the half-shekel, which must be paid by every Jew in temple currency. Had all this hubbub been confined to the adjacent streets, it had been sufficiently objectionable ; but, for purposes of gain.it had been permitted to in trude into the lower temple court, that of the Gentiles. There, steaming with hoat, and filling the sacred edifice with stench and filth, were penned whole flocks of sheep and herds of oxen, while drovers and pilgrims stood around in eager contention as to price. There, too, were men with cages of doves, the offerings of the poor. And beneath the shadow of the arcades, sat the money-changers, each behind his little table, covered with piles of coin. A very shambles, with the noise of an Eastern bazaar ! AN APT SYMBOL THIS, not only of the intrusion of the world-spirit into the Church, but of the harboring of darker and sadder evils in the heart. Not alone amid the . ruins of heathen fanes, but in the secrets of our hearts, do vultures build their filthy nests, and unclean creatures make their lair. Traffic in the forbidden, the forms of brutelike passions, the rattle of unhal lowed gain, the sweltering press of care and worry and rush, have crowded God out of our life. Mammon, Beelzebub, and * Satan have usurped his place. With us, as in Ezekiel's vision, the walls of the chambers of imagery are covered with delineations of obscene creatures, be fore which wo offer incense. With us, as with Job, our increasing knowledge of God is gauged by a deeper abhorrence of ourselves : " Behold, I am vile." But when the Lord Jesus enters, He cleanses. Hastily knotting together a number of small cords, gathered from the latter at his feet, He advanced to the traffickers, and bade them be gone. They looked at Him aghast. Who was He, that He should issue such a decree ? But they quailed beneath the glance of that flashing eye and commanding attitude of that spare form. Sin is weakness. The evil doer cannot stand be fore tho servant of God armed with no weapon save tho force of a blameless character and tho energy of a quenchless zeal. So, moved by a sudden and irresistible impulse, they Blowly and sullenly began to retire, driving their charge before them, and uttering the deepest maledictions against an authority they dared neither dispute nor resist. . The dove sellera followed them, carrying their wicker cages ; whilst the money- changers, after a scramble to collect- what coins they might amid the ruthless overthrow of their tables, and the pouring forth of their stores, also hastened away. And the temple court was clear. ¡"Would you be rid of darkness, let in the light. Would you oleanae the stable, let in the river] Would you be delivered from impurity of heart and life, let in the Saviour. j HE yriLL CLEANSE THE TEMPLE. Thia action waa deeply significant of what He will effect m us. Many would meet Him at the threshold and make terms ; but this will never do. "iou may wish Him to pass into the upper courta without noticing the lower. You may desire to know before admitting Him what He will consider wrong and contraband, and to enter upon a discussion of the- whole matter. You may seek to bribe Him into inaction or acquiescence. But it may not be. Jesus must be Lord or nothing. He will have his way, or not enter. He will only take from us what we would be the first to renounce, did wo know.all that Ho knows. He will do it gently, if wo will let Him, taking away the evil desire, giving us something better, ex tracting the cancer under chloroform. But He must be free to act. When He cannot attain hia end by gentleness, he sometimes uses a scourge of small cords. Very small things aid Him in his work of purification. A child's remark; a caso in,; a newspaper ; a sentenco in talk, or from a book; a disappointment ; an illness ; a loss ; -a sarcastic rejoinder; anyone of these may be a strand in.-r the cord, or a cord in the scourge, employed to - drive out evil. There v' ALWAYS WILL BE REMONSTRANCE. - The Pharisees challenged his right to act thus, and demanded a sign. His answer foreshadowed his violent death, and the perfecting of his body through resurrection. His allusion was a dark saying even to his disciples, till after it was ful filled. It was angrily referred by the Jews to the fabric of the temple, and was never forgotten. At his trial, and at his cross, it was again and again flung against Him as a taunt. But it has been abundantly verifiod. In destroying his body so far as death could do it, they in effect destroyed their temple, and struck the death-knoll of their system, whilst his risen . body is now seated on the right hand of God. Over all Christ can triumph. That blessed zeal, which ate up his life in three short years ; which quailed not at its task, and shrank not back though the path it trod led straight to tho cross; which set against the opposition and malice of men the vision of the accomplished purpose of God; and which con quered by the fire of its own pure passion ! It cleansed the temple courts, not once only, but again. And will it do less for us ? WE TOO ARE THE HOUSE OF GOD, and the zeal that led our Saviour to cleanse the temple, because it was his Father's, will lead Him for the same reason to do the sam« for each of us. It matters not how; strong the evil, how deeply, or how long.: entrenched. Only open the portals of your heart for His entrance in mingled love and power. He will not fail nor be discouraged till the work ia done. Only trust Him. Only work out what He works in. Amid failure, and the rising of your corruption, and untold opposition, His zeal will live and work, until the whole temple ia rendered j worthy of its Divine Occupant. "He is the j Saviour of the Body." 