QUEENSLAND NOTES. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) BRISBANE, April 25th. tempora mutantur et nos mutamur in this. cb is the existing state of affairs here now, of the burden of the guilt lies at the door the Australian Labour Federation. This great and enlightened body, conjointly with I erudite members of the Shearers' Union ? dragging the present strike along with varying persistence, to the sad detriment of themselves and the colony at large. The im- 1 mediate result of this is that we are plunged to the very vortex of a sea of insolvencies id failures. Merchants and business men 1 all grades and ranks are reaping destructive crop, the seeds of which are sown by those belligerent and Billy tators known as the " Labour Leaders." from a condition of hopeful prosper admirably supported by the singularly right seasons we have been favoured with Bring the past two or three years, when there had been clothed with a beautifully rich and successful verdure ; when the price ~ wool had risen in a very substantial decree ; ad when business in all its branches wakened from its previous lethargic state, was bright ming up and looking forward to the dazzlingly brilliant times which shone on the horizon of the near future ; this colony has (ascended to a condition when men's minds tice unsettled and despondent at the ravages and desolation caused by the now notorious Forde who call themselves " Unionists," to a condition of things when miles and miles of grass are burning on all sides, a gigantic expansion of which is only prevented by the excessively heavy rains which have fallen in the districts infested by the miscreants who start the fires to the wilful and Bulioions sawing of bridge supports, for the purpose of wrecking trains carrying witnesses against the chief actors in these depredations to the wilful burning down of woolsheds to large bands of disorderly and riotous men, under the command of experienced drill sergeants and only restrained from breaking breaking out into open revolution and revolt by the decisive action of the Gov. eminent in keeping detachments of soldiers patrolling about the different centres and to the absolute stagnation of the business of the country, the oppressive monotony of which is only broken by the disturbance caused by insolvencies of greater or lesser degree. At such a state have we now arrived, and there is no knowledge when we are likely to have a change. Labour troubles, in the eastern colonies at least, are now the rule instead of the exception, and one set of difficulties are scarcely overcome than fresh and unexpected ones, like the ghost at the feast in Macbeth, arise to excite our wonder if not our reprobation, until their repeated exhibition becomes grievous and abhorrent. The workers, from whom higher aims might be expected, led on by mischievous agitators, clamour for what they are pleased to term " the rights of labour," and they fix the standard of these with the infallibility of a divinity, of the effrontery of a des- pot, and rush to give it effect with the reckless soul of a God and the restless spirit of a Vandal. Capricious and fickle as women, any adventurous boohoo with gran- eloquent tongue can do what he likes with them if the rights of labour and the wrongs of the horny-handed are set forth such big show and noise. It is variously estimated that there are between eight and ten thousand shearers on strike, while the Government have a large force of military and police on the affected districts. 'The scheme for the threatened emigration to the Argentine Republic is being secretly carried on, and a delegate from the Labour ~ Federation leaves for Buenos Ayres this week to make the preliminary arrangements. The labour leaders who were arrested have been committed for trial, but a number of ' men charged with intimidation have received the severe sentences of three months' hard labour in Roma Gaol. So far this seems to have had a very wholesome effect upon the others. The Queensland Railway Guide is at last to the fore. It will be remembered that some time ago the commission for its com- pilation was entrusted to the care of Mr. Archibald Meston, with instructions to write " a concise history of the colony, and complete description of all country traversed by the r railway lines, with interesting extra information for travellers, tourists, and all other classes." The work has now been written with the well-known versatility of the author, who will be remembered as having for some time represented the electorate of Rosewood in the Legislative Assembly, where be gained the name of the "Sacred Ibis," owing to his repeated references to that representative of the feathered tribe hailing from the River Nile. Besides being in the habit of contributing some very interesting a.-, - and readable sketches on shooting, botany, and exploring to our local journals, Archie is an acknowledged authority on the aboriginal language of Queensland and New South Wales, an explorer, a geologist, and an enthusiastic botanist. The old time-honoured custom of firing a cannon, punctually at one o'clock, from the Observatory Hill has at last been discontinued. For some years past the expense, amounting to about 250 per annum, has been defrayed by the Municipal Council, and as the firing of the gun has at length ceased to be regarded as a convenience by the general public, if a few, being able to hear it, the warrant for its discontinuance has been signed. The Telegraph Newspaper Company has been served with a writ for libel at the instance of Mr. Alexander Costello, barrister-at-law, owing to their publishing a trenchant and sarcastic article under the heading of "ExperientiaDoceViCritioisingMr.Coetello'a conduct of a case then being heard before the Chief Justice, Sir Charles Lilley. The amount of damages has not yet been laid. The long-winded perjury cases against the brothers Goldsmith have at length been concluded, and the prisoners have both been sentenced to five years' hard labour in St. Helena Gaol. Both prisoners were defended by Mr. Costello. The cases were heard before Mr. Justice Harding, and after His Honour had completed his summing up, and before the jury had retired, Mr Costello endeavoured to address the Court, and was immediately called to order by His Honour. Upon counsel still continuing his address, Mr. Justice Harding ordered his arrest, but an ample apology being given, Mr. Costello, a young barrister, though in the prime of life, was released. I am informed that the rumour that Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice of Queensland, intends to resign his position and re-enter the political arena, is likely to be shortly fulfilled. Sir Charles has lost no opportunity of late of addressing the people, and it is asserted that he is coming out strongly upon the labour platform. In the way of amusements we have been fairly provided for of late, for, in addition to the usual weekly popular concerts held in the Breakfast Creek Pavilion, Madame Patey has given a few concerts at the Theatre Royal, which have been but sparsely attended owing to the inclemency of the weather. The Montague-Turner Opera Company have been drawing comparatively good houses at the Opera House," where they have been produced ing such favourite pieces as Maritana Carmen Faust, Lucrezia Borgia Martha and the Lilley of Killarney. 