THE CZAR [?] t .vt ? ry- [All Oughts 'Reserved.] :-\: [Commenced in the EvBNmeNEWs of 'Thursday. Jane 25,1 *_' , . ' ' 'V. ;. PART HL . '??'/? ; CHAPTER VL— (Continued.) \- -~f* I wonder,' thought Philip, 'how she would feel had ehe the cause of tribula tion that amicts me ?' for, as in human faces, that Jewish face wie wpj; of was the most tenderly sweet and pathetic, so the sad glamour of it associated1 itself in his mind with the ruined .palaces, the : silen^ nails, the sleeping moonlight, the whisper^ ing^wafcers, the wailing music of -tjiis mid night travel, v, He thought of Milan. ^Che rk^moiyof the journey to Dover had grown old. He believed when the locomotive was .panting, on its way- to the Venetian, marshes, that he was putting miles, and miles, between himself and temptation. l^Ee was resolved that if 4-t were not so in fact, it should3e so' in!, regard j^- ' his^ coniducti Walking witli .'i?'pUy in the sunshine at Milan, and also when listening to the organ in the great Cathedral, there he had repeated these vows to himself and had shown special marks of attention eto the girl who was to be =M& wife, insomuch that Jenny had remarked' to Walter, ' how much Philip loves 'our dear Dolly 5' but Dolly by- that subtle, instinct that woman is blessed with, or cursed with, as^ the case may be, felt the hollowness of all thisj detected the want ?(! a true ring in Philip's loving words. She noted the embarrass ment that Philip felt now and then, vfhen the face and memory of the other womaa. obtruded themselves in the course of his tender speeches; end this night, ..on the Grand Canal, while hjs thoughts would wanefe/to the Russian- Jewish womail, her heart beat plaintively to her doubts and fears, touched' with suspicion and melan choly that she endeavored to debit to the past and its faded glories, to the stories of Desdemona and Juliet, to the mournful episodes of Venetian history^ and the emblematical structure of the Bridge of Sighs' that seemed to be the natural pic torial epilogue to the gloomiest of Italian tragedies.. 4 .- :?? li is difficult ta talk,' said Philip pre sently, when -Jenny had remarked upon their general silence. * ' ' It is not necessary,' said Jenny, 'we can. pretty well interpret : each. . other's thoughts.'. ? : ' If w^e could 1' said. Philip/ with some thing like a sigh, ? #p ' And what then f* said Jeniyr, laugh ingly- **. I' wiil^^ve you a penny for yours.' -. ': fo^'-V ? -v ?;? ?.-' ' You don't bid; high enough.' ?** Iwill give you all you dare ask;1' said Dolly, iial£' jestingly^ half archly, half in earnest, and .with Tier heart at the moment full of a strange curiosity. - f^P^^^^^y^Rftpp-V Inteiyofe^ag- wi% a drag on his oaf that brought tke gondola to a sudden etandstill, *( this is the palace where^the, lady o£- the. red gondola is stay ing, very rich, very beautiful, a Russian, arrived here three days since, everybody talking about her. Yesterday she went to the ghetto, a&d; distributed a thousand marks among: the poor;- and this- is her gondola .coming, from the reception giveil by the Princess Itadna,- wife of General Petronovitoh, ijaie famous Russian general, who has come to attend. the fetes to the King and Queen.' As he spoke there bounded out from beneath Desdemona' s balcony a gondola, with two rowers, the 'pne at the stem tall and broad of limb, the other lithe and neat. Beneath the awning of the boat reslined the figure of a w^onian, and apart, in an attitude of respectful attention, that of a man in evening dress j the gon doliers were in crimson uniform, and red was the prevailing color of the decorations of the -boat, which was lighted with one or two .lamps, one near the stern falling upon a long drift of crimson, brocade that swept through the water like a flag dipped to a conqueror, or the red signal of some tragic thought or deed; The boat swung past them without -a cry ox salute front the gondoliers of either vessel ; and the Mil b«,nkes and Dolly strained their eyes to see the face of the lovely occupant, but it was either veiled or in shadow. Philip's heart beat with a quick anxiety as he asked, in a tone of voice 'which he strove to make indifferent, ' Who is the lady?' . . . ?;.'? ' She-is called the Countess Straveneky,' said Beppo. CHAPTER VIL— In ihe Royai Peo CESSION. *'The Gountess Stravinsky?' said Philip, repeating Beppo's information. i ^Tes^ sir, - & ~ Russian . wko looks like -a Venetian.' ' - , .'.: ?' -.'** Your friend?'* remarked Jenny, with, a curious . note of interrogation iniiertona and manner. *' I presume bo,' said Philip, as * calmly as he could, with. Ms heart beating at double quick time, and all his .good virtuous xeBolves evaporating. ' An unexpected surprise,9 said Walter. ' Y«u should sorely say an unexpected pleasure,' remarked Dolly, who was in stinctively and, otherwise jealous of the Russian beauty. ** Did , you knoto» she was coming jbo Venice?' asked Jenny. 'No,' said Philip. -- I understood she was going to St. Petersburg.'^ 'Did she know we were coming to Venice?' Dolly- asked. , *' I, don't quite remember; perhaps jny mother may have anentioned it,' said PJiilq», .^ud^enly finding Ms voice. 'She is no doubt here for the fetes;' '^NbaouW said' Jenny. TJiey«,sljackened speed, by the 'Bridge of Sighs,, inhere a barge-load of anusicians were entertaining a little cluster of gon dolas in which w^ere many n^rry people, who joined pianissimo in the chorus of 'Finio^Finicula,'5 ^ ' *4 The moon shone foil upon the. canal, and the' scene nad a soothing and faseii nating effect. Philip ' found himself «tv«ng«ljriiade- ita iaflu«no8» - WoB»«f *h)i little party ispoke for some time. Dolly's. SSnoTf ound Its way to 'Philip's in a ttinid inquiring fashion. Philip struggled hard to hold it with the sincerity that had a few ininutes before actuated all he had said and felt in regard to Dolly anct. the future of their two lives ; but . the red gondola had left behind it a trail of feverish senti ment, and he. was once more in imaginaw tion travelling with a certain passenger by train from London to Dover. How mean and untrue he felt all at once, how unworthy of. the confidence of the pure spirited, high-minded, kind-hearted London gW - / ' We will return now, Beppo,' said Mrs, 'MiHj&nke.;, ' Yes, Madame,' said Beppo. The -two gondoliers bent their backs to their work, and the boat rushed through the moonlit waters. In a few minuteB they were at the hotel. ** It is a showy boat, that red gondola,' remarked Jenny to Beppo. as he gave her hiejhand for the shore. \- Oh, yes,' said Beppo. « But we shall look as smart as that to morrow, eh, Beppo '?' said Walter. ' «' Yes,-yes,' said Beppo, grinning ; ' your excellency has good taste.' And he had ; for the next day, when Beppo and Ms comrade took oft their hats at the steps and offered their broad palms to assist the ladies into their pretty vessel, Doth' 'Dolly' and Jenny expressed their sur prise and deflight. ' ** Beautiful I' said Jenny. 'What a change. Ib this the same gondola ?' asked Dolly. ^ Beppo showed Ms -white teeth, and his fine figure was complimented by his fine dress, a rich blue cloth with crimson sash. The gondola was elegantly furnished with blue silk cushions and Oriental rugs, and at the shining steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk Union Jack, the red and blue of which the bluish-green water reflected back again as if in token of amity and admiration. . It was a glorious day.. The sun was far away in a blue eky. There was not a cloud. A pleasant breeze came in a warm genial ripple from the Adriatic. Xt seemed like an invitation to every senti ment of love and friendship. 'All the world is ? happy,' it might have been saying, ' and' this is the loveliest spot in all the world.' Philip tried to think so. On tke other side of the lagoon the Church of Santa Maria del Giglio was decorated 'for illumination at night. On the left, beating up towards them were a couplefof the great boats of the river Po, with pointed stern and enormous rudder, the sun find ing out rich tones in the ridges of their furled sails, the red-tasseHed caps of the sternsmen presenting grateful points of color on the black and brown of the hull and deck. . * As Beppo leaned upon his oar, the gondola shot away from the sliadow of a great P. and O. steamer gay with bunting and sparkling with tiny lamps. The statue of the King was still enveloped in its white covering like a daylight ghost j and along the river the glassy trees ready to be* lighted at night had an odd, outof place appearance. But there was a gay stream of people walking, and quite as much bustle on the_48:#ter:- with? flashing gondolas aad gay' barges getting ready to join in the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile shot right up into the blue sky, the banners of St. Mark's new in front of that dazzling church. - On the right, by the Custom House, a little fleet of coasters rested at anchor, but with their sails still more or less set, brown and yellow, and here and there decorated with strange de vices. The Church of Santa Maria della Salute slept on the water, in spite of its framework of Vauxhall lamps, which at night were to mark its beautiful archi tectural lines against the starry sky. -Flags were flying everywhere. From the win dows of the gorgeous palaces hung rich brocades and Oriental draperies, tapestried stories of ancient days. In the balconies were pretty women, and below were pic turesque men. Crowds were hurrying from all sorts of by-streets, and^boats working their way from all kinds of mysterious canals. It was a wonderful scene. It dazed Philip. He had never beheld anything so impressive in its picturesqueness. All his memories of Russia, and his recollections of English out-door displays, found nothing to compare with this informal kind of public demonstration, unregulated .alike as regards the people as it was in regard to the decorations of the palaces, the varied colors of the flying boats, and without a single obtrusive hint of a master hand in the preparations for the illuminations at night Nothing seemed to have been de signed, and yet everything was perfect in arrangement and color, and so overwhelm ing was %the beauty of the architectural avenue through which .they were making their way, so superb the sunshine, that even the theatrical tokens of the night to come were absorbed, and became un objectionable. ' - - ? There was on all hands -a general air of /delighted expectation. Here and there between the palaces and at odd points are steps leading to distant water streets, and these Were coigns of vantage for the sove reign people, who filled up the open spaces. Among, these democratic assemblies were some of the most beautiful women in the world. The poorer citizens of this city in the sea have inherited a physical loveli ness, the tradition of which has come ?down to us from classic history, and -which lives in the never dying: art of Italy, in the pictures hy famous masters, and better still In the women of this- nineteenth century who still go about, the streets of Venice bareheaded and with slippered feet. ' - :'. ???; ?''??'? ?-'. ? .'::- ; (TO BB COOTJINmilb.} 