\- Passy in tbo Oorntir. Gals arc subject do uiosl of tbo diseases whioh ofilict tho human raoo, and will . fro- qadntly " oatch" a lover' from its flick mis tross or little playmate. When a. oat seeks a; Mm.- npol/flta hnf toiJot. and has a hot nose, ebo is flick -and, a trifling remedy, now will provtnt aomo more rcrions disorder. - Aclty cat should hove raw. meat onco a day, ia tho morning.- At night givo her a . hearty ' mtal . of warm . broad and nulk,. or gravy in tho place of milk. Alwayo ro membor a cat will oat most anything, If it bo warm and well -molslancd. Have milk ox wafer whoro sbo - can got it, and In a clean dish, for Mrs, Puar i« dainty, and will Bcom to drink dust-covcxed milk or water as quickly as you would.- . , . ' A country oat, who has plenty of out- doors, should bAvo meat twloe a day, a piece ao big as an egg each time, and cat into moutbfufs. \- Sidney or liver Is tbeir fovorild, but too much of tbo latter or ot oyslere may otiose diarrheas. They must have grass and plcoty of it i it is as necessary to them as ealt io to us. It would pay ru tbo city to raiso grass and cat n!p in o box for theao pete. - Should a cat bo attacked with fits or con vulhione, throw ovef; her a shawl or rug to proveht damage io.boreell or fornituro;a whiff of obloroform, other, ammonia, or, laok Ing tbeso, an onion freshly out, will often give relief. Should sbo oantinuo to cry pilo OQsly, with eyes wide opon and gtanag, pro test tba hands with gloves, grasp her firmly in the shawl and with a sharp pair of asieeors snip the end. of the earn;- a low drops. of blood trill bo suniciout; let her stay in acool, dark place, andforsevera! daysfeca sparingly. .- Oao of tho most valuable remedies for cats and small dogs is sweet oil. . One-half table- spoonfal in their'mllk ia seldom refused. In cases were poisoning Is supect?d it ia the best and certainly the ensieat remedy.' .. For Inflamed ryes apply a wash of warm milk or weak borax sod water. A cat will oatoh oold,aoe<2e, Aod have ell the symptoms of iofiaensa; gregsc tbo upper part of her noic and admlalster one-halt tsaepoon of. casteris ox balsam $ if sbo has a sore tbront wrep it with a fianoel wet with Arabian BsliflRi and keep her away from tho children. Oils with kittens should not bo rouc.hly bandied or frightened, or sho will miwarrv or suffbr dariog confloomcnt. Do not kill all hex babies; leave her at Ica&t; oao -until such timo as it oan eat other food than its mother's milk, flhoofd her kittens die and the mother suffer from swelled breasts, rub tbem with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and givo aconite and belladonna, titer natttly. Soma people end dootors are aibamed to preecrlbo for cats, but tbore can be no loss ot dignity in uqhnhnmano set. ' Tusiy will bo a silent ghost gliding through the bouse, or she will bo en intelligent, af fectionate friend (not a tUve like a dog), as- cording as ahals nrgleotcd or loved Aoacarcd for. I cannot close without a protect against the cruelly of leaving a cat to "get Its own living " white tbo boors Is clored during tba summer months. Givo hex ehtlUr, and par tba butcher and milkman to feed her, if there is no frfextd or boms where alio can bs oatrled. - 