THE NOVELIST. THE WORLD'S DESIRE. By H. Ryder Haggard and Andrew Lang. Bclcnam taro immortalem /uintf indicat tempus.— SERVIUS. jKNEIDH.,601. . BOOK n. CHATTER XL THE WAKING OK THF. WANDERER. Now Rei the priest,as had been appointed, went to the Pylon gate of the temple of Hathor. A while he stood looking for the Wanderer, but though the hour had ooqic the Wanderer came not. Then the priest went to the Pylon and stood in the shadow of th'e gate. As he stood there a wicket in the gate opened and there passed out a veiled figure of a woman upon whose breast burned a red jewel that snone in the night like a star. The woman waited a while looking down the' moonlit road between the black rows of sphinxes, but the road lay white and empty, and she turned -and hid herself in the shadow of the Pylon, where Rei could see nothing of her except the red star that gleamed upon her breast. Now a great fear came upon the old man, for he knew that he looked upon the strange and deadly Hathor. Perchance he, too, would perish like the rest who had looked on her to their ruin. He thought of flight, but he did not dare to fly. Then he, too, stared down the .road, -seeking for .the Wanderer, but no shadow crossed the moonlight. Thus things . went Jor a while, and still the Hathor stood : silently in the shadow, and still the blbod-red 1 star shone upon her breast. And so it came to pass that the World's Desire must wait at the tryst, like some forsaken village maid. While Rei the priest crouched thus agaiastthe Pylon wall, praying for the coming of him who came not, suddenly a voice spoke to him in tones sweeter than a lute. " Who art thou that hidest in the shadow ?" said the voice. He knew that it was the Hathor who spoke, and so afraid was he that he oould not answer. Then the voice spoke again— "Oh, thou most crafty of men, why doth it please thee to come hither to seek me in the guise of an aged priest. Once, Odysseus, I saw thee in a beggars weeds, and knew thee in the midst of thy foes. Shall I not know thee again in peace beneath tby folded garb and thy robes of white!" Rei beard and knew that he could hide him self no longer. Therefore he came forward trembling, and knelt before her, saying— " Oh, mighty Queen, I am not that man whom^.thou didst name, nor am I hid in any wrappings of disguise. Nay, I do avow myself to be named Rei, the chief architect of Pharaoh, the Commander of the Legion of Amen, the Chief of the Treasury of Amen, and a man of repute in this land of Khem. Now, if indeed thou art the goddess of this temple, as I . judge by that red jewel which burns, upon thy breaet, Ipray thee be merciful .to thy .servant and smite me. not in thy wrath, for not by" my owii will am i here, but by the command of that hero whom thou hast named, and* for' whose, coming I await. Be merciful, therefore, and hold thy hand." " Pear not thou, Rei," said' the sweet voice. "Little am I minded, to barm thee, or any man, for though many men have cone down the path of darkness because of me, who am a doom to men, not by my will has it been, but by the will of the immortal gods, who use me to their ends. Rise thou, Rei, and tell me why thou art come hither, and where is he whom I have named?" Then Rei rose, and looking up saw the light of the Helen's eyes shining on him through her veiL But there was no anger in them; -they shone snildly as stars in an evening sky, and his heart was comforted. " I know not where the Wanderer is, oh, thou immortal," he said. This I know only, that he bade me meet him hete at one hour before midnight, and so I came." " Perchance he, too, will corae'anon," said the sweet voice, "but why did he whom thou namest the Wanderer bid thee meet him heref " For this'reason, oh, Hatbor. He told me that this night he should be wed to thee, and was minded thereafter to fly from Kliem with thee. Therefore he bade me oome, who am a friend to him, to talk with thee and him as to how thy flight should go, and yet he comes not." How as Rei spake he turned his face upward, and the golden Helen looked upon it. "Hearken Rei," she said, "but yesterday, after I had stood upon the Pylon tower as the gods decreed, and sang to those who were ripe to die, I went to my shrine and wove my web while the doomed men fell beneath the swords of them who were set to guard my beauty, but who now are gone. And as'I wove one passed the ghoBts and rent the web and stood before me. It was he whom I await to-night, and after awhile I knew him for Odysseus of Ithaca, Odysseus, Laertes' son. But as I looked on him and spake with him, behold I sawa spirit watching us, though he might not see it, a spirit whose face I knew not, for no such man have I known in my life dayB. Know then, Rei, that the face of the spirit was thy face, and ite robes ffcy'robes." Then once more Rei trembled in his fear.: \- " Now, Rei, I bid thee tell me, and speak the troth lest evil come on thee, not at my hands, indeed, for I woulcljharm none, bat at the hands of those immortals who are akin to me. What did thy. spirit yonder in my sacred shrine? How didst thou date to enter and look upon my beauty and hearken to my words? "Oh, great Queen," said Rei, "I will tell thee the truth, and I pray thee let not the wrath of the gods fall upon me. Not of my own will did my spirit enter into thy holy place, nor do X know aught of what it saw therein, seeing that no memory of it remains in me. Nay, it was sent by her whom I serve, who is the mistress of all magic, and to her it made report, and what it said I know not." "And whom dost thou serve, Rei? And why did she send thy spirit forth to spy on me ?" " I serve Meriamun, the Queen, and she j sent my spirit forth to learn what befell the Wanderer when he went up against the ! "And yet he said naught to me of this Meriamun. Say, Bel, is she fair?" " Of all women who live upon the earth she is the very fairest." "Of all, sayefet thou, Rei? Jjook now, and : Bay if Meriamun, whom thou dost serve, is fairer than Aigive Helen, whom thou dost name the Hathor ?" and she lifted her veil so that he saw the face that was beneath. Now when he heard that name, and looked upon the glory of her who is beauty's self, Rei shrank back till be went nigh to falling on the earth. "Nay," he said, covering his eyes with his hand, " nay, thou art fairer than she." " Then tell me," sbe> said, letting fall her veil again, " and for thine own sake tell me true; why would Meriamun, the Queen, whom thou servest, know the fate of him who came up against the ghosts?'.' " Wouldst thou know, daughter of Amen ?" answered Rei. "then I will tell thee, for through thee alone she whom I serve and love con be saved from shame. Meriamun doth also love the man whom thou wouldst wed." Now when the golden Helen heard these words she pressed her hand againBt her bosom. "So I feared," she said. "Even so. She loves, and he comes not. Ah ! if it be so 1 Now, Rei, I am tempted to pay this Queen of thine in her own craft, ana send thy spirit forth to spy on her. Nay, that I will not do, for never shall Helen work by shameful guile or magic. Nay, but. we will hence, Rei; we to the palace where my rival dwells, thereto learn the truth. Fear not, I will bring no ill on thee, nor on her whom thou servest. Lead me to the palace, Rei. Lead me swiftly." Now. the Wanderer slept on the arms of Meriamun, who wore the shape of Argive Helen. His golden harness was piled by the golden bed, and by the bed stood the black bow of Eurytus. The night drew on towards the dawning, when of a sudden the bow awoke and sang, and thus it sang— Wake! wake! though the arms of thy love are about thee, yet dearer by far Than her kiss is the sound of the fight; And more sweet than her voice is the cry of the fc- trumpet, and goodlier far Tlian her arms is the battle's delight. And what, eyes are so bright as the sheen of The bronze when the sword is aloft, What breast is so fair as the sbield? Or what garland of roses is as dear as the bclm, and what sleep is so soft. As the sleep of slain men on the field? Lo ! the snake that was twined about the form of her who wore the shape of Helen heard . the -magic song. It awoke, it aroBe. It twined itself about the Wanderer and the body '.of her who wore the shape of Helen, knitting them together. It grew, and lifting its woman head on high it sang in answer. And thus it sang of doom Sleep! be at rest .for an hour; as is death men believe they shall rest, But they wake! And thou, too, shalt awake ! In the dark of the crave do they stir; bat about them on arms ana on breast, Are the toils and the cobs of the snake. By the tree where the first lovers lay, did I watch as I watch where he lies. Love laid on the bosom of lust. Then the great bow answered the snake, and it sang— Of the tree where the first lovers sinned was I sbapen; Ibid thee arise Thou slayer that soon shalt be dust. And the snake sang reply Be thou silent, my daughter of death, he tbou silent nor wake him from sleep, With the song and the sound of thy breath. The bow heard the song of the snake. The death heard the Bong of the sin, and again its thin music thrilled upon the air. For thus it sang— Be .tlion silent, my mother of sin, for litis watch it is given me to keep On the sleep of the dealer of death. Then the snalte Bang Bash, hush, thou art young, and thou earnest to birth when the making was done Of the world. lam older therein. And the bow, answered— But without , me thy strength were as weakness, the prize of thy strength were unwou, I am death, - and the daughter of sin. Now the song of the snake and the song of the bow sunk through the depths of'sleep till they reached the Wanderer's ears. He Bighed, he stretched out bis mighty arms, he opened his eyes and lo! they looked upon tho eyes that bent above him, eyes of flame that lit the face of a woman—the face of Meriamun that wavered on the serpent's neck. He cried aloud with fear ana sprang from the oouch. The faint light of the dawning crept through the casements and fell upon the bed. The faint light of the dawning fell upon the golden bed of Pharaoh's Queen, it gleamed upon the golden armour that was piled'by the bed and on the polished surface of the great black bow. It shone upon the face of her who lay in the bed. Then he remembered. Surely he was with the golden Helen, who was his bride, and surely he had dreamed an evil dream, a dream of a snake that wore the face of Pharaoh's Queen. Yea, there lay the golden Helen, won at last. Now he mooked his own ferns and now be bent to wake her with a kiss, faintly the new-born light crept and gathered on her face, ah! how beautiful she was in sleep. Nay, what was this! Whose face was this beneath his own? Not so bad Helen looked in the shrine of her temple, when he tore the web. Not so had Helen seemed yonder in the pillar-red hall when she stood in the moonlit space; not so bad she seemed when he sware the great oath to love her, and her alone. Whose beauty was it then that now he saw? By the immortal gods, it was the beauty of Meriamun, it was the glory of Pharaoh's Queen. He stared upon her lovely sleeping face, while terror shook his soul. How could this be? What then had he done? Then light broke upon him. He looked around the chamber—there on the walls were graven the images of the gods of Khem, there the names of Meneptah and Meriamun were written side by side in the sacred signs of Khem. Not with the golden Helen bad he been, but with the wife of Pharaoh 1 To her he had sworn tho oath, and she had worn the Helen's shape—and now the spell was broke. He stood amazed, and as he stood again the .great bow thrilled, warning him of death to come. Then his strength came back to him, and he seized his armour and girt it about him piece by piece till he lifted the golden helm. It slipped from bis hand, with a crash it fell upon the marble floor. With a crash it fell, and she who slept in the bed awoke with a cry, and sprang from the bed, her dark hair stream ing down; her night gear held to her by the golden snake with gemmy eyes that she must ever wear. But he caught his sword in his hand, and threw down the ivory sheath. 