CHAPTER LXlu.—Conjtdbial Amenities. i.110 Bojouru UUCUllU UL iUl. iuiu iutc, u uuu» Ttimmon was conudorubly protracted; and it was not until tho first week in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was nearing Newhaveu, with a precious cargo in deed. Tho journey had been made by night, and the sen looked as blue as the sky overhead, and tho white cliffs quite dazzling in tho raomingBunlight. Laura, with a peevish, discon tented look upon her face, for which*, porbups, wo ought to have some commiseration, since sho had boon suffering from sea-sickness, was re rogarding tho pretty view from the deck of the steamer. Jubal, a thought thinner than when we lost saw him, appeared to be making no offort at all to brighten tho spirits of hie partner, but puffed away at a big cigar quite spite At length a small creature in a blue shawl carao on dock aud looked timidly about her. She was speedily followed and her arm taken ' by a lady- who appeared to be her mother. Laura, out of mere curiosity, watched tho couple Beat thomaolvoB on tho side of tho steamer, and then they turned their faces i towards her. , “Jubal,*' sbo Baid, giving her lord a tag, “ do you see who thut is ?" “No, I don’t; nobodyXknow.** • “ It's Lucy Berodith aud her mother.'' \ “Can’t help it if it is,” replied Jubal, cou . tinuing to puff. . ; “Atloastyou might take a little interest in ► what I say.” “Othor pooplo take too much intorcst in [ what you say for me to take much/' “I haven't the ghost of a notion what you y mean," returnod Laura, tosBing her bead. “ But thero aro those Berediths. Iwondorbow j it was we didn't see them when we caruo on ; “I*did see them at St. Lazare," observed , Jubal, with the saino ill-natured tone und look; j " and I saw them got into our train, und I saw l them come on board." * “Then why couldn't you tell mo?" [ “ A nico Togo you'd got into if I were always i narrating to you everybody I saw." i “ What a time wo aro gotting in, when wo aro so closo to, and have been so for ever so r long, to all appearance," romarked Laura, iu s answer to this, “It is a horrible steamer, t You ought to have looked after it better, as t other gentlemen do. But no one can expect i you to be a gentleman." a . “ There's only one gentleman in tho world. 1 we know," retorted Jubal, “ siuce Winterfola X t put in an appeatanco at Paris. And the dovil • knows how ha found us out.” 7 “ Pm vory glad ho did,” said Laura, crossly 0 Pulling a thread out of her glove. 44 It would 1 have beeu dull enough without him, I sup 0 pose you didn't encourage him to come at all, r did your You didn’t want it to bo thought at 5 the hotel that your friend was the sou of a lord, t did you, Jubal?” • She always called him .Tubal when sho was 1 not on particnlarlygood terms with him, which > hud been rather frequently of late. I you going to speak to t.ho&o; -Bero r piths’..* Tubal had asked,.wbon a sudden lurch ' . the ship had sent him ignominiouSly.into a i sitting posturcou tho teat near his wife—ho .• , had been stuudiug before. Laura burst-into ‘a laugh, and several other passengers, Vho had come on‘deck, were moved ’ i to smile also. Jubal's hat had flown off, and • rolled with the movement of the vessel • to the s feet of tho .Berediths. :He was vory angry; • more angry with Laura than any one olgo, for1 - . laughing at him. Ho was proud of her beauty, and was as roally in love with her as his nature could be; and ho wished to bo envied, and that tho world should^ see that sho was all his own. It appeared to him that her careloss laughing af hnj misfortuno would suggest to tho minds of all who had soon it that tho young lady could not be very much in lovo with her husband. Tho casual observer of human nature is quick to notico andgivo thoir full value to indications of this kind. A wifo—above all, a new wife, who is in lo ve with her husband—would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish position in a sonso doubly keou. But Laura Boomed rather to enjoy Tubal’s discomfiture os ho unsteadily followed his truaut head-gear to tho foot of the two ladies. ’ He apologised to them as he picked his hat up and placed it on his head; and when ho tunied ho saw a young French girl, an article Jubal had purchased for his wifo with his uneje David’s monoy, intho act of receiving a spirited account of his misadventure from her mistress. This was too muoh for Jubal. Ho took in tho situation at a glance, and did not go towards. his wife, but remained sulkily where ho was; and the ship ploughed on through the water, and tho white cliffs come nearer and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after tho lug gage properly on landing, os thd readiest moans of avenging himself on hia wife for hor want of feeling; and be becamo better tempered in prospoct of this. Ono thing he meant to look after, and ono only, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on which ho meant to pay no duty. He likowisorosolvcd to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected to. not on moral, but ou artistic grounds. Tubal was an appondogo of her own, and she always remembered this when ho made a beast of himself, as she called' it, though she appeared to have1 forgotten it ! ust now, when Jubal fell, * But then, after all, t was fate;that had done that, and Jubal choso . to gpt. drunk. It has been'seen that Laura made ho iffep' towards speaking to the Berediths. The Bere diths, nevertheless, had recognised hor, and had . known hurwell enough not tq. expect hor to accost them. ’ .''t'-'' • “Don’t you think, mamma, that Laura is ‘ handsomer than ’ oYerr"-,;.'Lucy said to- hep ^--^i mother, with her oyei died on tho white cliffs^' thoy wore every moraent hearing. - *•1 certainly do.” Mrs. Bered cortainly do,” Mrs. Beredith acknow ledged unwillingly. Sho would have ben glad baa the fact been less evident. Sho was angry with Laura. ** Don’t you think it strange that we should have been ou the eamo ship ?” ‘‘ I should have stayed lor tho lator ship if I had known they wore coiuiug over,” said Mrs.' Beredith, rather sharply; “ aud if that’s Keriah’s brother, ho’s very much of her type.” Hero Mrs. Beredith was wrong. But we all incorrectly of pcoplo against whom wo a proconcoived opinion, ‘'Why doesn’t he go to her?” romarkod Lucy. “ They don’t appear to be on very good terms. Oh, mamma,” sho added, turning hor wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and towards her mother, “if I had married Aim, and were returning with him in this steamer instead of you, we should have boon farther apart than wo are now.” judge i and I want to tell Koziab so {I am sure he now thiuks kindly of me. Had(I married him, he would have hated me by now. And how much better to be separated from him as I am, than to have him hate mo, and I be tied to him. I am 'Sure fate was kinder to me than I knew ; aud time is kind. Whou Lloat I was wishing I'might never see it again; and now I am just longing to get bnok and see the . old home. It was very kind of Gerald Harwyi^' to write so often.” •' Mrt>. Beredith looked inquirf**69*i«-pnra8e vitfinu* Harwyu-md written regularly to. Mrs.^ Beredith, to mako;*f' f inquiries about Lucy, . aiqco they bacL loft England, which they, had done immediately after the events we have beforo described; and Lucy had certainly read his letters with evident. • pleasure. After all, that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it bo real, is acceptable in t time of pain; and Mrs. Beredith had notj/"* attached muili meaning to Lucy’s gratification.' The steamer was at laRt dose to tho shore and entering the harbour, and Tubal, leisurely , enough, advanced towards his wife and told her she'might os well gather her traps together— that was tho phrase ho used—if she had left auy in'+lm nnhtn Thntr wmiM bn in in jl minute. in tbo cabin." They would bo in in u minute, “Perhaps you may go aud inquiro about them,” xojoined Laura, saucily, *’ seeing you ore so very steady ou your feet, and wo are so vory uoar'shore.” The eyes of tho little French maid twiukled at this sully; but sho neverthe less said that Monsieur must not trouble himself, to go for the things; she would go at once her self and seo if there wore anytbiug of her mistress's left below. “ At any rate, Jubal,” observed Laura, “you c&u; look after the boxes, aud sno that some of them don’t get carriod off by somebody else.” “They’ll see to that,” replied .Tubal, vaguely indicating he kuew not whom. “ I’m not going to bother about anything except breakfast. An infernal wash of coffee thoy’ll get for us, I “But really,” insistod Laura, gathering hor cardinal wrap about hor, and dropping from her pedestal of satire, and mouuting that of auger, “ You must look after tbo things, Jubal; you know they will bo lost, and thiugs stolon AiX oi xnera. You muBt stand by all the time they look in them, too, and soo thoy don’t take anything out of all those lovely things I have bought.*' “Lovely things bo haugod,” said Tubal, rudely; “what the dovil did you want to get so many things for V It’s through you buying bo many things that wo had to havo now boxen to carry them in, and got charged for excess luggage.” “ Well, wo don’t go to Paris every day,” returned Laura, indignantly. “ Uncle David may bo very glad wo don't, answered Jubal. “it has cost enough.” And now, with a loud grating noise, and little shudder,- tho steamer stopped; aud then began the rush to land. Jubal kept his word about the boxos; and they wero ruthlessly oponed and turned over without any romonstrance from him. Tho only thing ho took an interost in was his leathor bag, which ho opened hirasolf aud pushed towards the officer with a carelo»s air, as much as to say, You may look; thero’s nothing wrong with that.” AH it appeared to contain was aholf empty flask of brandy and a few toilot requisites. The officer pushed it back toward s him with • somo*' impatieuce; and Jubal, triumphant, marcbod away with his cigars to tho crowded breakfastroom, which looked umnvitingonoagh. Tho proprietors well knew that 'tho travellers must broakfast, at no m&ttor; what cost, and that they must take what was put bofore them, or else face tho next part of tho journey without anything. So tho several tables wero sproad in _attractive manner with food which would 'have been left untastod in a London rostauront. Tho passoncers, who had for tho most part boon sea-sick, contended themselves with mild grutnbliug at the stewed tea and wretched coffee served to them at an extortionate (TO UK CONTIKUKD.) 