WICKED LADY WALSINGHAM. By tbe Author of 'The Last of the Carnes.' Chapter II. — (Continued.) ' Doctor Sable, my only friend,' went op Lady Walsmgham, noticing the inter ruption merely by a frown, ' says himself rhat my chances are vary favorable now, and I have implicit faith, the utmost. con- fidence, in his predictions. It was Doctor, Sable whom I went to see last night, otherwise 1 should have sent the carriage! for you. Coma, girl, don't sit there staring, at me, but remember what 1 told you just; now, and waste no time.' Cowed, without anothar word I returned1 to my hieroglyphs, and my mistress settled; herself at a distant table, wkh a large dog-eared volume spread out before her. So the mording wore on. Out of doors the firs were tossing aloft their moaning branches in the gray bleakness of the early spring day ; the hurrying clouds were beaten and low ; great blots of rain were now and then splashed on the panes. Suddenly my window was darkened, and I lifted my head quickly. A. man was standing outside and peering into, the zoom. ? . „ I had just time Jo note that he was an elderly- looking man, dressed in dark close fitting clothes and a shovel-hat, of an evil countenance, with a strange smile upon it, when he stretched forth a long claw-like hand, and tapped once,' twice, thrice on \- the glass. Both Lady Walsingham and I had risen from our seats. ' Child,' she said sharply, ' leave the room. Go away somewhere. It is Doctor Sable.' 1 gladly accepted the dismissal, and made for my own room. Scrambling up the oak stairs as fast as my legs could take me, 1 met Mrs. Jakes coming leisurely down them. 'Mrs. Jakes,' I panted, 'how on earth did he get here ? He came to the window ? -Whoishe?' ' Be yer daft ?' said Mrs. Jakes sulkily. ' Wlut do yer mean ?' ' I— I mean Doctor Sable.' ' Oh, it's him, is it ? Doctor Satan we calls him — and that's nigher the mark, I'll warrant, if the . truth could be known. Why, he's allus here, croppin' up in one place or t'other, and sometimes yer runs agen hirr, and sometimes yer don't, just as it happens ; but anyhow you must get used t'un, as we've had to do. if you stops here. Bless the gal, you maunt go lookin' like a ghost tor nothing' ! He don't want you, I'll be bound.' And with this scant couiioii sue iiiuvcu uii nuu icii uic. That night, high up in my attic quar ters, rocked by the wind that rushed round and above the old house, that swept over the lonely fens and shrieked and sobbed amorjgst the tall swaying fir- tops, I wrote to Madame Roche, and tried to tell her, clearly and dispassionately, what my new home was flke, and begged her earnestly ~ t» write to me and advise me what t» do, And Madame did write. 'back, and said 'Bah!' in her long brisk letter about half a dozen times, winding up in a post script with ' Don't be a little idiot !' And so, since Madame Roche, whom I had ever looked upon as a modern -Minerva, had, in her wisdom, said ' Bah !' ' so emphatically, I must perforce grow re- j signed to my untoward fate and accept it, ? if possible, without more ado. 