Ohurch Services. PRIMITIVE METEODIST ARNIVER. SABY SERVICES. The annivereary servico in connection with the Fast-street Primitive Methodist Church wereconductedyesterday. Inthemorning there was a good attendance, and the Rev, W. Smith, of Brisbane, officiated, and preached an excellent sermon on "' The baptism of fire and of the Holr Ohost,"'basiog his remarks on part of the 11th v~erase of the 3rd chapter of St. Mathew, "He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire," and 3rd and 4th verses of the2nd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, "And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire and it sat upon each of them i and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the spirit gave them utterance." Fire, he said, was a chosen and appropriate emblem of God in his operationeand manifests tions. It was a very fit emblem because fire was uone of the greatest forces with which they were acquainted, all energy in the world was to be attributed to fire. It penetrated, moved, purified, and did an infinite amount of work in the worla. What better emblem could they have of that great sprit which was de stined to more through this world reoreating maen, and bringing out the world of chaos and sin to a new and beautiful condition of holiness. All through the Biblei would be found that symbolism cf fire from the time that their first parents were turned cut of Paladise. A fire was the most searching element in the worldso the spirit of God was called the Mighty Bearcher. It was a power that could penetrate into the infloite depths of human nature, and produooe turmoil, fear, and dread in the heart of man. The defference in the manner in which the spirit descended upon Christ and the world was instanced. It came down open Jeass Christ as a dore beasause there was eothing contrary to the spirit of God in bChrist; hut in human beings there wasee found a power contrary to God, and in resistance to H'm, so that the spirit had to come as a search ing, mighty flame, not to destroy them, but to .hnw them where ther were wrong, and lead them up to that Christ who was mightv o srsve. The Holy Ghost was a mete ing fire. There was no greater organ ia the spiritual universe than the spirit of God. The preacher spoke at eome length on the Holy Spirit as a porifying agency, and elso touched upon other points, and con cluded by stating that the great need of the Obhurohes today was " God's great baptism of fire." In the afteroon the Rev. T. Jones, of Ieorth Ipswich, conducted the service and gave a very instroctive address or" ".God's purpose in Christ relative to the human race." At night time there was a very large nongre gation, and the Rev. W. Smith again officiated, selecting as his text the 30th verse of the let chapter of the first epistle of Paul to the Corinthians. "But of him are ye in Christ Jesus who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteoneses, and anuotification, and redemption ;" from wh'ch he preached a very impressive sermon on" Foill Salvation." During the day, the choir, under the con doctorship of Mr. G. Walker, acquitted them selves very well io the rendition of the several epecial hymns; and the two antheme. ' Sweet chiming belle" and "Abide with me," were very nicely given. The Harmonin String Band were reesent, and by their efforts gave considerable effect to the musical part of the proceedings. On Tuesday evening next, the annual tea and after meettng will be held. 