MELBOURNE NOTES. Rogers Undertakes to Stop 'Friday' AND GETS STOPPED HIMSELF. Pcakesaud Elijah Jackson Hutched. CRYSTAL PALACE DOINGS. ,:?? Other Events Pending. Sinco my last the' air has been thick with challenges and countor challenges. All the bclieose boxers appear anxious for glory, but then they want somo lucre as well, for in most instances a substantial purso is a neces sary condition. A good number of the boys aro cortainly entitled to every encouragement, ana they always get it wlien they maKO tneir appearance in the roped arena, but if thoy don't mako a creditable display they may take a buck seat. It is a pleasure to bo able to state that anything like a 'crook' baa not been known for u long time, 113 the ' fra ternity' have long since tumbled to the.fact, ' no fight, no money,' is an established rule in our nnblic halls, and as long as that rule is enforced there is no fear of a schleiiter. Tlio Apollo Hall. The announcement that Jim Rogers under took to stop Friday within eight rounds attracted a good attendance to the above hull on Saturday ovcning, both boxers being well known in tbo ring. A s'.'ort time ago Friday and Kogors had a slight' difference, and had un impromptu sot-to with the 'raw tins,' but woro stopped. Tho latter there und then stated that ho could and would stop Friday in eight rounds, bonce Saturday night's encounter. Not only did Rogers fail to carry out his part of. the programme, but he cried ' quit ' himself in the fourth round. The evening's entertainment opened with a smart four rounds between Kaffir and Jim Woods, the latter having all the best of the bout, und when they were ordered to shako hands, had his opponent almost dead to the world. Con. the very latest aspirant lo pugilistic distinction, next donned the gloves for a four rounds go with Yankee. As soon as tini3 was called the lads faced each other very willingly, ?and at once commenced to figlvt in real earnest. In the first round Yankee sent in a knock down blow, and in the second Con was sent clean through the ropes. He came up for the third as lively as a kitten, and was twice floored. Ho still would not be denied. He was up liko a cork and forced a rally, which ended in Yankee being knocked down. The fourth round was very warmly contested, the lads being warmly applauded. Con U a promising youth, and is located at the proper quarter in which to obtain experience. A clever and neat exhibition of club swing ing by Jack Sexton completed the prelimi nary part of the programme. Friday ajcd Rogers. On returning to the hall after tho usual interval the audience wero not kept waiting, as Friday immediately jumped through tho ropos, attended by Tom Williams and Tom Tope ; he was followed in a few moments by RoL'era. who had with him Jim Church and Klden. When the contestants divested them selves of their outer clothing it was apparent to all that Rogers was in far bettor condition than his opponent ; he also had the ad van tage in weight, height, and reach. Friday, however, looked fairly well and very confident, and that goes a long wuy. Messrs. Virgoo and Sum Allen were solocted as referee and timekeeper respectively, and the men wero sent up for Bound l.-On leaving 1ii3 corner Itoirers walked strait-lit to Ins man, and drove tlio left lor tlio murk, but Friday wultzcd out of reach. Uojjord followed him uv, and missed several attempts with Loth hands; on getting to close quarters u couple of li'ht exchanges were fallowed by a clinch. Ilreaking away Iiogers at-ain tried the lc-ft, lint missed and copped a smart right ou the head. Some sharp countering followed. Holers also putting hi a t'ood ri'^iit ou the ribs. A few laoinuuu' sjiiuTiii!,' and Friday ' .uuoked liis his adversary, who always i;oc away iu liie easiest possible msmuer and litile more execution was tioue till comers were called. Round 2. — Coining up to tliu call of tiino Honors, nftfr a little 'parriir;, wentto force his man. He let' go left and 1%-iit, l,nt failed to t'ut home. Friday was more successful ; lie got ill a splendid stniiiiiit. left, stastferiusr i'.O'.-ers. following »;, this i.dvmitiigo Friday forced u rally, wbieli ended iu Honors Ijeiii!,' brought to tlio boards. He ua the rallv ending in a clinch. On breaking ilway some siiiirriuit and feintin,- mis Kono tliruilifli, after which Ituserg not. the left, on tlio body, Friday countering flnsli. Kurm uraiu got left ':md right on, and received a triplet uf'letts in return. Hound 3.— Friday started tlio round with stop, pimr his opponent in the bellows and a solid riirlit on the sidr of the head, and coiitiimiin.' to force, 'ot homo another pair of ('entities, l.'ogoi'ri, who wiw flslitiuir well, mixed ilmum merrily during a short rallv,' but was Bti- ndk-d with another riichton t!ie cr.i:iiiini. Fridav, tvli.i Mas scoring r.ipidlv. kept his man hard at'it. »*m;- l.r.rli hands in j,-ond stvle. AUIionjili at th.* =Uje li.iireri!' last BeeiaeJ a hopeless oiia iie stuck l.-jliiiiiiiiii, and had u lot the worst of the eichaugcs during the remainder of the round. lioiiud 4 and last.-lioth men camo up commra tivciv refreshed by their minute's rest. Kou-ers nianojuvred round tryiuir to corner Friday f ha, close\iuaitars,'aud in the rally whicli°cnsued was floored. On eoniiuir up to the call of time lie alrtied Uogers with tlin left, and dropped him with the right. KnRars came up dazed, and was im mediately floored asuiu by :i heavy right on the jaw. When the IIkcc had expire! he paid no heed to tlio call of time, and Friday was cousc'iucutly declared Remarks. Though Rogers failed to respond to the call of time, he certainly was not knocked out. On coming up afterwards ho stated that he did not hour Mr. Allen. Well,, if he didn't, the drum of his ear must havo been seriously out of order. However this may be, he under took too much, as ho did not have the ghost of a show after tho second round. When the ref.irco gave his decision, Friday oxpros.-cd his readiness to box Rogers tho best of eight rounds. I'oalces and Juckson. Next Saturday night Nipper Peak-09 and Elijah Jackson meet in an eight rounds contest at tho Apollo Athletic Hall, whon, should neither be knocked out, the victory should bo awarded on points. The last time those lads met was at Adelaide, whon, after a loug fight, a draw was agreed to. Iho boxers being very popular, and tho appearance of either being a certain sign of a good mill, there should be a very largo attendance of the patrons of tho sport. Several other good boxors will appear during the evening. Crystal I'aliice Doings. Thero was onlv a moderate attendance at tho above hall on Thursday evening, when an eight-round contest was advertised to take place between F. Windebauk and J. M'Quirc, -ut, contrary to all expectations, and very much to the astonishment of the niauagomout and those present, 51'Guire at the last moment refused to box, giving as his reason that thoro was not enough of money in it. Ho should have thought of this before, and not put the proprietors to the expimso of advertising, rilling, -ic. Iu case ho should enter into a-\y moro matches it would be woll if be remembered that tho public of Melbourne will not pay their money stranger in the ring. In justice to Winde bauk it should be stated that he, rather than disappoint those who wero present, offered every inducement to M'fiuiro to fulfil his contract and keep faith with tho public, but without success. He will not be allowed in tho hall again, and sorvo him right. There was u fight, however, and a good one while it lasted. Hogan and Malouy, a local lad, facod each other for an eight-round bout, and the former having all tho best of it irom the start, succeeded in stopping his adversary in four rounds, Messrs. Cullen and Dan Hchir acted as roforeo and timekeeper respectively. Lyndsay is not satisfied with his recent dofoat by Tnlly, and wants to fight him for from ^10 to ^25 aside, 'fully will accept if Lyudsay can come to within 51b of his (Tully's) weight. Owen Sullivan and Denny aro working assiduously. for their coming contest, and aro looking fit and woll. To use M'Carty's words, Sullivan is as ' fit as a thoroughbred.' i Jack Grahame, Harr.v Pearce, and Maurice Evans arc going ou a trip to the Mount Zion Silver Fields, Tasmania. They are all first class mon and should do well in the new '''i'g centre. Jim Burgo and Jimmy Murphy have re turned from Broken Hill, both looking well after their sojourn in the silver city. No truces of their recont fight appear on either man. Murphy is open to box the winner of the Denny-liaxter match, which comes off on March 7. Negotiations for a match between Burgo and M'Carty are being carried on, but at the time of writing nothing definite has been arranged. [Br Wire] Melbourne, Tuesday Night. Tho amatour middle-weight competition, for a 50-guiuca belt, commenced at tho Crystal Palaco on Monday evening. In tho first rounds Murdoch, Armstrong, M'lnemoy and Hogan were tho winners. The boxing was first-class for young amateurs, and I think from what I saw that tho filial will rest between M'Inerney and Murdoch ; the com petition will be continued next Monday, when there should bo a full house. Choynski arrived by the express to-day, and has taken up his quarters at the White Hart Hotel, lour correspondent and the athletic editor of the Sportsman' met him at the station. Owing to pressing business Costello was unable to meet him. Ha got a splendid reception. .f 