-* By BERTHA M. CLAY. ■ ❖ CtUPIKft XXV. “i All SIU IIICUAKD’S DAUGHTER/’ Sho looked about her with half-fearful scru tiny, and seeing nothing ghostly or human, went to the gate. As she put her hand upon it she j heard something more, and looking up saw a I figure advancing quickly toward her. It was no ! vision, however, but Caiyl Wilton. He peered at her uncertainly for a moment, and then, with a gesture nf relief, advanced to her side. ‘ Is it you ?’ she said, forcing a smile. * Why are you In re—why do you stare so ? Do 1 look iko a—ghost ?’ ‘Forgive mo,’ ho said, in a low voice; ‘ I could not remain in the house while you wero out here ‘ How long haveyou been hero ?’ she asked. * Not more than a few minutes.’ ‘ No more than a few minutes I' she repeated. Did you see anything ?’ And site glanced back at the church with an ir repressible shudder * Yes,’ Ire replied. ■" 4 Yes !' and site started, awl unconsciously laid her hand on his arm, looking at him with eager, alarmed rye3. * Yes,’ he said: ‘.I saty Hr. Miles .Barton.’ Her hand would have fallen from his arm again, as she turned away with li sigh, of mingled relief and disappointment, but he laid bis hand on hers and drew it closer to him. ‘Mr. Miles Barton,’ lie repeated; ‘ H6 was lounging about - the path,' with a cigar in liU . mouth. Did you see him ? Did he frighten you? Because, if so, 1 will avail myself of the oppor tunity to express my antipathy t o that gen tleman by administering to him a sound kicking.’ ‘No,’ she said. - ‘ Why should you ? What . harm does tho,;maa do?- You' saw no ono' else?', - -v ' -■•'’’No 'one-else,''he answered, looking atlier earnestly. ‘ Have you seen any one or been frightened ? Your hand trembles—’ ‘ You were'right, after all,’ she interrupted him. with a little laugh. ‘ I am nervous and fright ened at shadows. It was kind of you to wait for me. Are they still singing and card play ing?’ ‘ Most of them are gone,’ he replied; ‘and 1 am supposed to have gone. Sir Bichard thinks you are in your rooms.’ ‘ And Guy ?’ she asked. ‘ Guy!' he said, with a frown. ‘ Gay 1 passed on the terrace. He looked—well, to put it mildly, tired, and wa3 splashed with mud, as it he had been riding hard. Poor Guy !’ ‘ Why do you pity him V she asked. ‘ Because I have a fellow feeling for him—we are in the same boat.' • ' You do not look tired,’ she said, with forced lightness. ‘ Do loot! Look at mo,' he retorted, and stop ped short. She raised her eyes and looked at him in the moonlight. He was no more like the indolent, nonchalant man who had sauntered into the theatre in Sm Francisco than a man working hard for his lifo is like a lounger in Pall Mall. ‘ 1 am a changed man,’ he repeated almost bitterly. ‘ You know what has worked that I change; yet 1 will tell you if. I may. Great Heaven ! why do yon not trust me ?’ She faced him, white and panting, her delicate nostrils inflated, her lips apart, like a beautiful animal at bay. ‘ Why should I ?’ ‘ Because,’ he said, almost sternly in his earnestness, * because I love you.’ She attempted to draw her arm away from his, hut he prevented it. ‘No, do not take your hand away, do not affect surprise. My love is no new thing to you. You have known it now for months. For days it has been at least a cause of peace for you. Yon have known that my love would shield you. Con stance—Maida— which name shall 1 call you?— I love you by either name.’ She * panted and looked at him with a half frightened, half-defiant gaze. ‘ My darling he murmured, stretching, out kis hand appealingly, ‘ did you think such love as mine could be blind ? 1 knew you the moment I saw you in England. How could it be otherwise, seeing that 1 carried your face with me night and day, since the night you sent me from von with scorn and contempt? I knew you, but 1 hid my knowledge from all save you. And 1 would have saved even you the trouble of knowing that your secret was known, but 1 was mad with love for yon, and 1 conld not do that. I could not risk losing you. But if I let you know, I have kept others from tho forbidden knowledge. Have 1 not stepped between you and the prying eyes of envy and malice ? And I have not even sought to penetrate that past which you have kept so closely hidden; why I do not know.*’ “You do not know?’’ she murmured, as if that was all of his passionate speech she had heard, though in truth she had been thrilled by the eager words. “As Heaven is my witness I d> not know—I do not care to guess. I love you too dearly to seek to pry into your secret—if you liavo one; hut still I ask—why do you not trust me?” * Trust you?' sho murmured. ‘ Yes,’ he went on earnestly, liis face pale and working; ‘why should you not? Do jbufear that I.woUd betray you ?’ ‘ No,’ she murmured. ‘ What is it you bus pect ?’ ‘1 suspect nothing,’ lie responded, almost passionately. ‘ 1 will not even conjecture, why you, once Maida Carringford, are now Constance Hartleigh. I love you, and at times I have a presentiment that you are in danger ; that is enough for me. I am your slavo, and would ho your protector. Give me the right to protect vou. I love you! I love you; be you Maida Carringford or Constance Hartleigh, it matters not to me. It is you yourself, who stand hero that 1 love. Let there be no barrier of mysterious reserve between us—to night, at least. It is no idle fancy, this love of mine, born to flit a fickle hour and then to die, butterfly fashion. See what it has lived through ! Your scorn that night—which you would forget, but you cannot— was fierce enough to blast any unstable passion, mine has lived through it. Constance—Maida— yrhat have yon to Bay to me ?' ir.d E3 eq stood before hex m Ins passionate I entreat}-, ho clasped her in his arms with nervous ■ Sim had stood and listened, the color coining and going in her beautiful face,the light rising and falling in her dark, eloquent eyes. And as his passionate appeal had proceeded, a strange look had crept over her face. It was not scorn this time. It was as if lier bark were finding its way out of the troubled waters into a peaceful haven. A response as passionate as Ins appeal was on her lips, and she yearned to throw herself on his bosom and rest there like a tired child. Then why did she draw hack from him with a shudder when he circled her in his arms. Why did she draw the mask of coldness over her features? Alas 1 the name of Mai'da had recalled her to herself—recalled to her tho fact- that Maid a Carringford would carry a taint into any home, while only Constance llartleigh could hide the shame which Sir Bichard had of his .own act en tailed on one of lib daughters. ‘ You do not know what yon ask,’’ bIib breathed. 1 Do I not ?’ he said, moving aside that the moonlight might fall on her exquisite loveliness. ‘Do I not ?’, lie repeated, gazing at her signifi cantly, with a world of loving admiration in his ‘ No,'she retorted,, with sad bitterness. ‘Which woman is it that you love?—is it Maida Carring ford, or is it Constance Hartlcigli ?’ ‘ I love you,’ lie cried, hotly, ‘ called by either j name. It is you that I love with all that is good within me. You speak mysteriously—there is more mystery which I cannot solve. I will not ask a question ; if you do not care to trust mo, 1 am indiflerent. You will loam to trust mo in time, to trust me with everything. She shuddered slightly, hut-not so slightly as to escape him. ~ ‘Do you doubt me?' lie hoarsely cried. ‘No,’ she said, with ail infinite pathos; but there is none whom I can trust—none.’ ‘There is some slrungo mystery which stands ns an intangible-barrier between us,’ lie said, almost fiercely. Yes, I will ask you one question,1 he broke out as if witli a sudden resolution. ‘ 1 kiioiv that you arc Maida Cnrriugf»rd; I will you if you are Sir Diehard's daughter?’ A spasm seemed to pass over her face, lier lip? quivered, and her eyes contracted; but these signs of an intense emotion passed in a moiyieiit, and, looking him'steadily in the face, ! she sadly said ; j */ am Sir Richard's daughterV' ! “ Thank Heaven 1 he said. Then with swift self-reproach lie seized her hand. ‘Constance— j l will not call you by that other name again— j forgive me!—1 liavo been a fool. Let me confess how stupendous has been my folly 1 1—forgive me I—knowing you had concealed something of your past life from Sir Diehard—1 was fool or.ough to imagine that there was some other and greater motivo for that concealment than the natural one—and it was only probable that you should dislike to have y nr stage life chattered and slandered about 1 y the friends of your new life. You were right, quite right. But why did you distrust me? Why did you refuse to show mo your, mother’s pictnrc?—why avoid all mention of the past with which I was acquainted? Could you not trust me ? You knew I loved you —tell me that, Constance—you knew I loved you ?’ ‘ Yes,’ she faintly murmured. ‘ You know 1 love you. know most truly, most dearly, with all my heart and soul ! Answer me, my love, my darling 1’ With a low sob, she drow her hand from his arm and covered her face. Gathering courage from her weakness, ha put his arm around her and drew her nearer to him. ‘Constance, my Iovo?—my only love!’ he mur mured. For a moment tho tired head rested gladly, contentedly on liis shoulder. Then the re membrance of her tainted name came to her, and, as if stung, she started back, and putting out her hand to keep him from her, said, brokenly: ‘ No, no! Do not speak to me—do not look at mo 1 If—if you love me, leave me now, without another word—go ! Oh, go, go.’ Loaning toward her, white and troubled, he held out his hands. ‘ It I love you ? Do you doubt it, Constance ?’ and his voice grew suddenly stern in its intensity. • Can you look at mo and tell me you do not love me—can you?' She faltered for a moment, and then raised her eyes to liis. ‘ Go! she said, in a hollow voice. ‘ I do—1 do not love you. Be satisfied.' HU arms fell to his sides, and lie turned his head, with a smothered groan. ‘ Heaven forgive you,’ he muttered hoarsely. ‘A moment ago I would have sworn that you did love me.’ ‘ No, no !’ she cried, piteously, ‘ 1—1 did not know what 1 Was doing. I ought not to have listened/',-1—oh, pity me, and go !' _‘ No,’ he said, in the sharp tone of a great agony suppressed; 1 cannot leave you here. Come !’ and lie held out his arm. Slowly, falteringly, she put her hand within it, and with averted head, allowed him to lead her to the terrace. Within the light that streamed from the open door, lie stopped, and allowed her arm to fall to lier side. Then lie raised his liat, and was going without a word, blithe could not resist a last look, and as his eyes fell thirstily on her beautiiul face, so pale and sad, his anguish came rushing to liis lips. ‘ Constance!' ho hoarsely said, ‘ do not send me awsy ! For mercy’s sake, do not 1 Let me stay near you 1 See what a pitiful fellow my love makes of me. Let mo keep near yon, like some faithful dog, to bo made happy by a cold smile or a meaningless word. Do not send me away. Let me stay, and—who knows—this barrier that divides us may be broken down.’ She shook her head, aud though there were no tears in lier eyes, her voice was full of them as she murmured. • Never, never! No power on earth can bridge the gulf that divides us. It is best that we should part. The time will come when you will thank me for letting you go—will be grateful to me for saving you from the pitfall ioward which I hare drawn you. Go, now !' and she held out her He took it eagerly. It was hot and burning. Ho passionately clung to it. ‘ I will go,’ he said, his dark eyes fixed on her face. ‘ Yes, I will go. 1 will provo my love by obeying this cruelest command you ean give me. 1 will go, but my love cannot be slain or set aside so easily as I, myself, am set aside. If in the coming time you have need of me, do not believe that my love may have waned, or doubt that Twill come as quickly as 1 now leave you. That time may never como, but if it should, remember that p word, a look, will bring mo to your side. The last words were almost inaudible 1 y reason of liis emotion. With a sigh, lie raised her hand to liis lips and kissed it twice, slowly, passion ately, and he was gone. 