AN ARCT!C PHANTOM. B=" J. W. iranIDttiSs. It was in Jenu.ry, and we werein latitude 15ifg. 21?iin. coutl'. The heat was beyond dh s.ription, for we were lyingbeealmcd under atropical sun. The sea was a deepccrp phire blue, tranclucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one could ree bits cf ,;isly tinted eea-weed float ing far below the Eurfee. O casicnnlly n ,rown fish, loel.irg purple through the glo:if. ieg waser,swould shoot close to the ship and thre, smniting the placid depths into obivering silver, go sEcrrying r.way into the ircitite u:ltnown cf the great dcr p. i There wac not a breath cf air. The sea lay litke ;caltn glass under th- pitiless Eun, and the long undulation of the swellaeciredlike. thcdcep prn::nos cf a heat cpprcssed boeem. Ti'he he:izon was lost in a dim gray haze. that quivered with the radiant heat, and gave everything an appearance o! melting. Thepitch in the reams of the deck was soft and rtielty. Ss:rtny Serlce, the scennd mate, declarcd that on the forece:le deck the pitch vwas hoiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homceward bound from the C:pi of Good Hope. Fred Meredith end I were taking a lorg ecr.-voyage for the benefit of cur health. We had been fortunate enough to EecCre berths en the Alton Fl!s for the vyrcge from New York to the Cape and blck. Tee ship was a big, able cra!a of Nolvi S3otia build, commanded by Captain f!erty Down, as fine a sailorman as cver tha:dled a p!z.yc!:e. We had been at Darban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big si?ell thie al-ays tumtblcs in towards that uninviting beach, and?w? had wondered how on earth any ?ane person ecu!d choole such a place to live in. We hard alao tocn under thle hcadow of Table R?c?k, nc: had come out oi the bay in one of thtzo ruhint winds that come down thile mountain and blow a gale insitei the bay, vwhen outtide the sea is emooth and Ioe 1 wind very light. And here we were a few huindred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baling. Captain Down, lMeredith, and I were Eitting undcrnn awning p:cad over one aide of the quanrtr deck. Tue ship was under a splendid dis p'ay of canvas, bit tih sails were ei:aply oleaching in the sun. Tie courrea were eleswed up, in the vaini It Ip that a etray breath of air might steal along the deck. The man at the wheel morped his brow, and stared helplcssly tat the compace card. The ship had no steerage-way. TIhe vessel was fullcl groans and creaks and the clicking of hooked doors as she rolled lazily on the l-ag, low swells. Sammy Scurleb, the second mate, had gone to the main topmast hcad, for ie declared that he had got a little fanning every time she rolled. Tihe men foriaerd were lying abocrt in all corts of attiltdes cr pressive of wearincre and dirgus'. One fellow climbed out on the jtb-boom, went to sleep and almost fell overboard. As we rat staring at one another, the voice ci the coloured cook arose from the galley trolling aditty which he he had picked up in the Southern States: " Dis hyah niggah ain't gwine tor die Till old Jim Crow come roun' by-me-by, An'say' ' Hey, niggab, yo' got ter fly high'; Umph-umph I Ah,umphmpumph" The Captain, Fred, and I looked at one an other, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creaking of the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then tbo cook lifted up his voice again : ' I wish I war in Baflin's Bay, Whar all the niggabhs am made ob clay, An' possoms go a skatin' ebbery day. Hoop- te-loody I Ain't dat gay? Slidin' down a iceberg in Bfalia'a Bay." At that the three of us burst into laugh' ter, and Captain Bown said: " I believe the fellow's right. The only thing to do on such a day is to imagine you are in a cold place." "You are just right," said Fred. "I wish Iwere doing a cake walk around thenorth pole." ' Well.I don't believe I should care much about that," said I. " The north pol is a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from." "That's very true, sir," said Peter Young, the first mate, who had just finished takiing a sight, and nwas on his way below. "Did you ever hear of the whaling ship Young i'b?enix." "'No," exclaimed Fred. " What about her?" 'Well, Fir, shet' . n 33"-tcn w!.:alr tiatr ;rnl out about two years ago. She was as oine a vescel as ever carried a cook, air, and was eaid to be a hard one to beat on a bowline. Well, she got caught in the ice a hundred miles or so north cf Point Barrow, end was crushed in balto' the waterline,. so that she was repposed to be sinking, and her crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made their w'ay back to civilizel ports of the world, butat:hi: sfhi did not tin." ce What bieame en Ler ? ' i ahled. " Well, si'," : d th2 mat', with a myste tous air, '" ?h ,' : .?iling thiso e eas yet, with out a captain or without a crew." " How do you know ?" demanded Fred. ' Se's been sighted, sir. CMere than that, shc'. been boardet." Shein 1" " Io n' we cr?laimceLd "L't. spring a ran named Lecvitt, rie:htd " whaln'r standing towards shore, surrounded -by ice-bergs. There sheo was, with her fare and main trp-ailt set, and al' her "far just glitteing with ice in the sun light." Sloaw was it she hadn't sunk ?" asked Fred. " Why, bless you, sir, she wasn't in the water at all. S'ie was abcnt iety feet away from it, up on the ice. resting there just as comicrtab!c rc b.aby in a cradle, and just noa :afe too. L:vit: iboarded her, and found everything on hler del;k as neat as if all handi hat- j c:" gone ashore for a lark. You sccthe iceh?id cque:zed in under hor,'and lifted h rc u .' " nd you think che'o there yet? I in quired. " J?st a sure ca ever you live, ir. Why, ire ice up there decen'tmelt all away in the ic ing, It breaks up in some place, but. mostly it just keeps growing add 'growiwng; , aerd I shoaldn' won'ioe at all it? ome:of thoE large bergs were hundreds` ot ?ears?old. Don't you think so, Captain ?"": " i think you a-n abit i ght, Yoang, `'" said the captain.," ' hhave?irard abou:t that whaler, L'ut she isn'ta marker: on an arctic yarn she reminds me:ofr.?;. " .' i ' : 'Something in yaour own experieane, Cap:' Iashed. SThen by allt means let us hnoar it" said Fred "I never knew you had been a whaler ; SYes"'taid the cs a.int ' whein I was in command of tho Sealskin, I wase al.knowwn at lipernauik and theyi.d:;o y I have been' n awayup Jua thati~s ' w t I'am icoming to. I had been on? sutiomer kn'ociliing 'iiont the entrance of Dafin's Bay, and hadn't done a great deal. I was told by some EIgq'imaux that a large number of right whales had been ccn cfi the east coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In August we hadn't seen a ghost ?f a whale, but I pshed on, and when about sixty miles east of Gael Hawk's Day, the welcome cry came from the crow's net, :. ;. The r-rr-o hoblows i' .;,;.. :, S.?'Whicre away 1T l shouted. ': Two points off tho lea bow,'tir.' * \yelf ;.Inzi mato grieg saitoe n wliling tiry:: It's aenghi to say we gct that biate:: and did a big tradd i 'tli co?ra? of the -scat E?vi-cio Twl: h??o i'd bontlis b:s I rehridd, my concur taowards Spetzbergen: to go into:wie to: q'arters theroand stlEdrt north ;in the 1pring. .-I had the north: pole. feer, ,which : so often catches whalers. and I wanted to Eteal a march on every cue else. On October 7th, a sail was righted far tway tc the north card, and I wondered wh1ethCr some other fellow had mny ide. Ilcwtver, t had not much time to wonder, for no coener Led we Eighted that sail than it began to tiew frem ttceonth.oou lh cast. and in a fetw hcurs we found ourselves in a most terrific gale of wind. " As it was blowing my way, I scuddcd with the wind fer iorty-:igbt hours, r 5 aest Eob:rvations as our neon p~rition, giving tar. 7St-.,. !!min. north, ccd long. 7deg. 37.nin, west. Iw v far beyond that we wort no nan will ever Inow. '1y rackening was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. Tie cll cwa intetcne, and great bcr~· locm~d np in all dirc?tiina, the cea breakirg a:i:n- thtim ci'htd the a:er wi:h thunder. In thcmlids; of this awo-inspiring rcenc I was a onndcd by hiaring the cry, ' Sail hoe I' S"S:h was not more than three mieil awey. la:c was a vassal of very old build, with a hi;h-poop dcc:, and alhe was under all plain oail gcing !ie: a pcanntom, and s:0on disna. pearec. I beat to the southward for four days, fi ;htino ag.inst head seas cnd through ice, when tioe sun came out, and I got sights to dc::rmine oeu position. Whero do ycu ouppo'we we were ?" "W Werc !" wrc bths asked, eagerly. "In lat. 1:c. Sg. 57in. north, and leng. 101c., 4-2nin. cweat. ILow far north of that a'e had b,:oa that we ahou!d have taken four days to boat back, is beyond rme to guess." " Winat becama of the strange ship 1" ] asked. " I am comning to that. We went into winter-quarterain Mfosel Bay. In thesprieg nwe made carcstions on sledges, and on one of these we found our phantom. As we rounde; a paint oneof the men cried: ' Sail iho I Th?re she is again I' " And there was our old acquaintance, still under all tail, but motionlces. Seeing that she was fact in tile ice, I beoarded her. Her w riagig wa sheathed in ice, and her entire apipearance was weird and alarming. I osearched high and low over her deceks at d in : her cbins, but found no sintes of either life!o or death. I was just coming away from her cabin, filled with wonder and nwo at the strange rencontre, when I saw, pioned to the cabin table with an old-fashioned dagger, a piers of paper, yellow nith ege, containing e.ome faint writing in a strange lauguege. Upon going over it, on returning to my own ship, a Datch sailor said it was in his tongur, but some of the words were now out of ule. .t rcad thus: " Christmas, 17151 ,.. " Thils day we mut leoave the u-hip. We have been without food, save one ptanmigan, for itwo days. The ship is frozen fast in the ice, with all her sails set, and we are not strong ncough to furl them. We mnust try to fiud land, where the ravages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in thseo frozen erasl It is-- " And there the writing became illegible."' " And did you you eca-e the old bhip there ?" neled Fred. "No; we burnt her. She had been career. iag over the deep long enough, freezing fast when winter came,and setloos inthe ospring, for 63 years. "And is this the etrangeet thing that ever happened in your experience at eae"I asked. " Yes, by far the strangest." " That beats the Young Plenix hollow," said the first mate, going below. \We were silent for a moment or two. Then Sammy "Scurles came rattling down from the maintop.mast head, crying "HereO oomen a breeze." Rj 0 