Currency J(btes^ -a— Parkes is nobody if not himself.'One of the. greatest, probably the greatest, feature of the forthcoming meeting in Sydney about federation is the dinner to be served and eaten on Monday, March 2. Oards of invitation thereto are flying about, and the form of the invitation is 11 to meet the members of the National Convention.'* Whoever wrote that oroasheading did not know the meaning of the word " national," or of the word "convention." In Australia there cannot be a nation, and no meeting of representative persona here is likely to answer to the meaning of the word convention; to say nothing about tho strong revolutionary flavour of the joint words 41 National Convention." Mr. Thomas C. Jn'st, of Tasmania, has com piled 120 folio pageB of ■ information, or "leading foots connected with*1 federation;" He states that it was compiled for the informa tion of the Taamanian ' delegates to -tho Australian Federal .Convention, and by order of the Government.of Tasmania- It is, in faot, a history of efforts to bring 8bont federation, dating back to 1849 Tt also contains almost the full text .of existing systems of confederation, of federation, and of somewhat similar combina tions, Bach as that of British North America, which- is not a federation at all. It is safe to say that no other tuoh compilation exists, and since copies have been sent to, all the members of the approaching conference, the work cannot fail to be immediately tucfol; and it certainly will become a permanent portion of Australian publio literature. The warrant appointing a commission to in quire concerning the beat means for establishing a Qaeensl&nd; university hsB been issued. Should the labours of that commission result in pre senting to the Government such a - body of in formation as may result in 'tho establishment1 Of the prep jsed university, then the doonment' referred to wi'l take a permanent plane in the arohives of Qaeenslaud. Tnis will be the case, for universities arearaongat the oldest of in corporated inatituHocB. There-are European universities dating biok to tho 13th century.. Should one bo established here, it will be pretty snre to last on till the times foretold by Bellamy, when this earth again will be a Paradise; and wheo men will celebrate the jubilee of reason. Since that is a long way off, thp university of Queensland may have a long Hfel Mardonald, the only Maodonald, he - r.f Canada, Is fighting uphill;' and so has to resort to all the little ways supposed to be fair in love and war. Just as he wants to go to the country for a general election, he makes some wonderful discoveries about treasonable condnot on the part of one of his colleagues, and of another person. How .was it that Hao found it all out at the nick of time when finding it oat might turn the tide in his favour P These old atatesm'n, yon never know how Providence will favour them. It was under nearly similar circumstanoes that Parkesfound a ghost; it was bilteved to be a Fenian ghost,.and there fore a most nnpatriotio ghost Bat as the ghost never - did appear, nothiog more came of it. If Parkes did not rais9 the ghost he raised a good laugh. Bat Maodonald appears to have raised a scream; " my country, traitors; my conetry is in danger from traitors!" The other day we reproduced a stock 11 par.*' from a southern paper explaining why oar Mr. Wragge's weather forecasts oannot be received down Southward. The reason given is that there are southern weather prophets who also, accord-' ing to their poor lights, forecast weather; and that since at times these several forecasts dis agree the public mind most be math disturbed; and, in faot, awfol calamities may be expeoted to ensne. This was said, it should be re marked, by cne of the prophets themselves. This being so, it forcibly calls to mind the story I of the yoong shoeblack whose pile of boots, oleaned and uncleaned, were wiokedly mixed op, and who oried heartily because be did not then distinguish the .one from the other. If this be so. with weather forecasts, those who can forecast no better than that had better let it alone, or their foreoasts will beyond doubt lead to " awfol calamities." AoorreBpondentthinksthatin these ornelly bad times oeneoa collectors should not be taken from the army of the polio*, bnt from the army of the unemployed. The wisdom of that course depends upon circumstances which always alter oases. If the police are to be paid, then here is something in it. In that case the Government will be entitled to employ the best poroona they can find; not necessarily because they are ont of work, bnt notwithstand ing that painful aooident. If however, the police do work without any extra cost to the Government, why shonld they give the work to the unemployed for the sake of also giving them the money f They might as well give the money without the wotkf More over, in tbeee times there is just as .urgent; a need that the Government work: eoohomically''> as that private persons ehontd do so, and rather more; for the private person can turn insolvent; the Government cannot ^ butaa a laat resource must have the' money out of somebody. Last week the Full Court decided a point which ought to be noted by airpersone making bylaws. Twioe within measurable time we have pointed out that bylaws must not exceed the statute laws on which they are based. The last of these oases was that of a bylaw provide ingthatallpresentrailway employees insure their lives. We pointed >■ out that the bylaw-was ullr» nires. With an assurance that would have made a lord chanoellor blush, the public were told that the bylaw had force because it had been passed as provided by the statute. It seemed as if it was"inivainlhaC wa - urged that just as the body of a. statute mnst be well y oovired by its preamble, ao every bylaw -must . be well covered by the statute.. Fasaing a j bylaw over the table of Parliament and before^j.. the Executive makes it of force only if it U :..., within the Act. II this were not so ws should ; have discovered a new method of mining lawSr--, quite unknown to Hale and Blaoketone.. Will...;- : those interested make a note of that judgment? A Minister of the Orown ;in NewZealand " is reported to have Baid that the policy of .the' ne w Government oonld 'be described, fn f two words, "economy and progress:'? The~;'man';'^ who talks like that only brays.' How'cah any Government formulate a policy of' progress?'' Unhappily for New Zealand, her statesmen - have always been canting about progress. They used to mean driving back the native;" tribes; then they meant borrowing money " until they were wading over their beads in' ; debt. What do they mean by progress now ? Progress, strictly speaking, does not fol low work done' by Governments! "bb consequences follow canses. Progress la more in the ; nature of good,'"health returning to a patient in whiose case, do'otbirst have removed difficulties. If this-gentteman;,::' meant anything be meant that the Government ■ ■ ■ were about to do Bbmething that would remove VJ present hindrances' to trade bo that as a°frirther J';, oonaequenoa there i may he employment,"wage-, j earning, thrift, and enterprise. . If so, why,did,:.:; he not say what it is :that his Government will ;'<u do ? - To promise oonBequenoes is an easy task:'; !* anyone can turn prophet; but not everyone.!'' is a politician. . lii The prayer of the wicked !avaffeth nothing,1^' it'is eaid, and probably this may explain", why."?, an erring human, unit at T(» wcomba,-who had s _. lied, forged,, and robbed ;in many, parts,of .::. Queensland could not catch the attrition of : anyone in authority when he prayed that eoft----' nesa might creep over the heart of his honour;1 Hr. Justice Heal. The nnit in question had been' :,": practising handwriting too extensively, and had spoiled his chance of liberty by practising - with another man's name on a' chequer form. The case was olear and . easily ' .,1 proved, and the convicted unithad his last ohanoe given to say anything which. , ■night help him in his tronble. Pehitenlially -- and piously he told how he had prayed for the jndge'B heart to be softened so :that the prison "; walls might know him ho more ; but while this pretty little simulation was going on;the judge i was carefully reading—not good character cer- u - tifioatea, but the long gaol record of his prayer- -■'» fol prisoner. Seven years was the result, seven years to consider some other and more effebtive',":." line of argument, and sevenyearsinwhioh todis ousa tha advisability of praying at all. Presnm- ... ably this nnit prayed to Providence,- a beneficent influence which in the minds of eoine is speoi-"lL ally exietent for the help of eruhinals and' - rogues. Next time, perhaps, he will have., gained in wisdom, and will then pray not to the omnipotent but to one of the tittle .gods - who "boss creation's plan." If he oonld get round one of the labour leaders who might.call'- .' a general strike and boycott of police and gaol; - authorities and minorities nnleea the; member of . j the holy union were released, or call on' ari : M.L.A. who wanted his vote; what a differ-• •' enoe there would be ! ~ .. ;' ' if 