^ , THE GHOSTS OF 1!\Z IIP !il\E f « ? . ? ! A TALE IN TWO PARTS. V ' '?'?''&!*- PART II. (CONTINUED.) At first Mr. Harcourt demurred, and talked about my short acquaintance ?with his daughter. After some diffi culty I contrived to overcome his scruples. : I think die old gentleman shrewdly BiiRDected how matters stood, and that ' the happiness of his favorite child was at, stake #s much as my own, so I gained the day, and set off as quickly as possible to find Alice. The distant sound of the piano guided me to her whereabouts. * If she were #~nly alone ! I 'opened the boor softly, 60 as not to disturb her. Yas, the fates were good to me — she was alone ! She was playing a dreamy German waltz ; her fingers lingered over the notes, and her eyes had a slid, far:siway look in them. 'Taking flight into dreamland, Miss Harcourt f She started, and turned round, whilst a flood of crimson rushed into her cheek. ' Alice/ I continued, ' I have some thing to say to you. Do not go away.' She stopd- still, her color coming and going painfully. There is no need to trouble the reader with a detailed account of how I pleaded my cause ; suffice to say, I was successful. ? Tell me, Alice,' I said, at length, ' when did you first begin to care for weT ? I think I have always loved you ever since I was quite a lifctic girl,' she answered, with a frank smile. ' I re ? member the night you sailed for India I cried myself to sleep, thinking I should never see you again. 4 1 suppose you thought T was cer tain to be devoured by tigers or bitten by cobras ? You see, I have escaped all these perils, and returned to claim tb.9 truest-hearted little girl in the three kingdoms !' said I, fondly, strok ing the golden head that nestled so confidingly against my heart. 'Dick,' she exclaimed, suddenly, raising her bead .and lifting her sweat, steadfast blue eyes to mine, will you always love me the same as you do now ? — never grow cold and indiffer ent V she continued, in a tone of pas sionate entreaty. 'Never let anyone come between us! If you did, it would kill me ! My whole life and soul seem to have gone out in love to you ! If ever that love is wrecked ray life will follow. I could not drown my sorrow in flirtations, as some un happy women do, or seek to find in an other the love I lost in you !' 'Alice,' I answered, in a pained tone, ' with me to love once is to love always. Can you not trust me f ? Forgive me, Dick ! I do not doubt' you, but I have staked my whole earthly happiness on your love.' ' And you shall never have reason to repent doing so, my darling 1' auu a. uBiii/ uuwii ana pressed my lips to hers. At that moment the drawing- room door was thrown open, and Jessie Mayburn's ruddy head appeared. ' Alice, wherever have you ? ' 'A prolonged ' Oh !' followed. The door was shut quickly, amid the sound of smothered laughter. 'She will go and tell the others,' said poor Alice. 'Never mind, dearest; they must all know sooner or later.' 'But, Dick, I think I will go and tell mamma.' ' You may depend upon it Jessie hag done that already,' said Alice, ruefully. * But see, it is almost time to dress for dinner. Oh, dear, will my cheeks .never cool !' And she pressed her hands to her flushed face. The ghosts had conducted themselves quite respectably after my engage ment. We had neither seen nor heard anything of them from the night on ?which they, had .given us such a ter *; rible scare. . . ; r'! : 'My uncle, in a long conversation I had' with him, told me it was his in ! '.,' tention at his' death to leave his prp ?perty to Alice and myself ; in the meantime he would give us a hand Some allowance, and it was his wish that we should Jive with him at Har rington Park. £T ).:, ,';?;???? ;.?-'?:? ????'?'. '* If myilittle'sgirl hadjired she would have been Just Alice's age;1 he said with a sigh. 'Alice will take :t her place, and be the daughter of my old He also wished me to retire at once from the army. I demurred to this arrangement. In the first place, I wished to wait until I was eutitled to my major's pension ; in the second, I did not like leading an idle me depen dent on my uncle's bounty. ' You need not be dependent on me,' said Sir William, when I told him my scruples. ' You can earn your allow ance by looking after the estate. I in tend discharging my bailiff ; the rascal plunders me right and left, and it is high time I got rid of him.' ' But I have no knowledge of farming. I should do as much harm through ig norance as he does by dishonesty.' ' I have provided against that. You will have under you, to manage the practical farniiug, tho son of one of my tenants, a highly intelligent young man, who has really been work ing the estate for some months past. Johnson, the bailiff, has done little else except get drunk and bully the tenants. I hear that his accounts are in a state of hopeless confusion. Young Wuldron has done his best to beep things together, but matters are very unsatisfactory. So it was settled that I was to bsat my sword into a pruning-hook ; not without a sigh of regret, for, like most soldiers, I loved my profession. Shortly after I took up my abode at Harrington Park, though I spent half my time at the Hall. A fancy dress ball was given to wards the end of January by a lady in the neighbourhood, to which we were all invited. There had been much discussion amongst the young ladies as to costumes. ' mz*\ i'\^-«hm 1-4 «i \\*t*\ mtt r\\\\\ irr»ii t»\nct- ir/k as the Cavalier in your uncle's picture gallery,' said Jessie. ' Of course he will,' said Jack. ' Why, you will look the character of the life.' ' Oh, do, Captain Harrington ! ' Alice alone kept silence, and I notice a troubled look in her face. ' What do you say, Alice ? Shall go as the Cavalier ? ' ' Yes, if the others wish it,' she said, in a hesitating tone. ' It is not what the others wish, but what you would like,' I answered in a low voice. 1 Say yes, Alice,' persisted Jessie. \- xes, wen as you so particularly wish it.' ' Alice ought to go as a Royalist lady.' ' The style of dress would not suit me.' ' Why not go as a Puritan maiden, and we shall represent both factions.' ' I think that would be more in my line,' said Alice. ' What a capital idea ! ' said Jessie. ' I shall go as a vivandie're ; and you, Jack, had better be a Neapolitan fisherman, Lillie has made up her mind to go us Summer. I think it a most inane dress ; but she has a fancy for it.' A flush of annoyance passed over Lillie's face at her sister's thoughtless speech. Alice saw the look, and said, gently, ' The dress might be made very pretty if people would only study nature and their own tastes, instead of depending on the dress maker. Lillie is so fair, I think it will just suit her ; we must have a pretty selection of flowers and ferns for her. The eventful evening arrived. Our dresses were great successes — at least, such was the verdict of our friends. I could not help remarking that Ah'ce looked pale, and danced but little. T«r eves constanf.lv Roncrhf. tnina with an anxious oppression, which I was at a loss to understand. But bow lovely shelooked ; the severe simplicity of her dress suited her to perfection, and I heard many a flattering com ments on her appearance. It was about two o'clock when we reached home. The drive was a short one, but Mrs. Harcouri insisted on early hours, to Jessie's great disgust. Jack and I retired to the smoking room which overlooked the stables. We liad just jjigjited. our cigars when we heard;ia^remendous pommotion in the stablesi|' ?' -.- ? :. *Th^s |{atan Jin on£;i-f' his Stan-: trums.^ i i(Satan was one ; of the car riage horses, so-called on account of his vicious temper.) ' If he should take it into his head to attempt a kicfc ing match, he will soon send his heels through these rotten old partitions, and that fool Smitbers has put Daphne into the stall next him. One kick from that powerful animal would break the mare's leg.' Anxious for the safety of his favor ite, Jack hurried out, and I slowly All was quiet when we reached the stables. Satan hud been secured and was peaceably munching his hay, whilst Daphne pricked her small delicate ears in wondering astonish ment at her master's visit at such an unusual hour. We strolled through the courtyard into the garden in the direction of the left wing of the Hall, talking over the f-vp.nt,K nf thn fiveninff. It was a lovely moonlight night, and the stars shone out in their clear bril liancy through the frosty air. We were close under the window of the haunted room, and glancing carelessly up I gave a sudden start, and my heart almost stopped beating. The figure of a man muifled in along black cloak leant against the window. A moment more and a light girlish figure hurried to the casement and threw it open. Could I be dreaming, or was it tv»allw A lira*? Tliopn cliA Nt.nnr^ in liwr Puritan dress, precisely as she had ap peared at the ball, the moon lighting up her delicately-cut profile. There could be no mistake. She cist a hurried, terrified glanca around ; then, apparently re-assured, hent forward and suffered her lover to clasp her to his heart. I felt stunned — spell-bound. Not a word could I utter. My eyes wore riveted on the pair. In jealous agony I was compelled to watch them. My rival's back was towards me, and I could not see him distinctly, as he was half shrouded in the thick ivy. I could see the wistful, tender look on. Alice's face. Her companion was urging some request, to which she listened with a look of troubled uncer tainty. I could fancy from his ges tures he was imploring her to fly with I watched the varying expressions of her face as the cold, clear moonlight rendered every feature distinctly visible as he turned impatiently away. She stretched out her arms, I could see the sweet, pleading eyes turned i-oploringly to his. He cannot resist them. He clasps her in his arms, and their lips meet in a long, possionate kiss. I tried to speak, but my tongue seemed glued to my mouth. My com panion, too, seemed unable to articu late. (To be Continued.) 