Rowing and Sailing, Notes. Thera doesn't seem much prospect at present of Queensland furnishing an intercolonial eight at the next boat race (says th9 Brisbane OBSERVER). It's estimated ¿£250 will bo required, and it's : thought lovers of aquatics aren't so vastly iuttrested as to subscribe tho amount; and that apatt from ' thia the boat which the Creekora Einashtd would re quire) replacing. Our cablegram from Loudon August 7, says that a sculling race took place yesterday between the American oarsmen Ten Eyck and G. H. Hosruer. It was rowed on Lake Quinsigamond ("Tho Long Pond"), near Costón, Massachusetts, and resulted in a victory for Ten Eyck. Our cablegram from London August 10, says thai at Burlington Bpach on Saturday tho tx champions, (. ... .jg. Hanlan and AV. O'Connor, defoatod Jake Gaudaur and M'Ksy. Tho raco was for 1000 dollars and tho : ? double-sculling championship of tho world. . .' ; .' Of the wcleorco at Auckland (N.Z.), to Tom Sulli i van, the woll-known oarsoan who has distinguished . himsolf eo vory well in Sydney lately, the N. Zealand . HERALD says: As tho tall lithe form of tho popular . ' . young Boulier was teen coming down the ship's gang . way cheers wcro called for, and tho o pro-ent paid \- . thiaBriti:h complimtnt with hoarty goodwill, whilo -i the intimate friends crowded round Suilivau to shake banda. The public room at the Harbor Board Offices . was crowded, as Mr. Maraha'1, in a neat but brief speeoh, greeted Sulliv.n. Ho remarked upon the BGceesB which had attended Tom Sullivan's offoits in rowing against tho scullers of Sydney. Ho drew at tention to the fact that at his farewell to Auckland friends about a year before, Sullivan bad said that whether he won or was beaten he would not do any thing that Auckland would b3 aîhamed of. That Èrooiise hud leen faithfully and proudly kept, and Lr. Sallivan now stood before thom, estoemed alike aB a gentleman and an oarsman. He (Mr Marshall) hoped that when ho n'xt bado wo'como to Sullivan that it would be as champion of tho world. E. Chapman, the sculler who d feated Roberts on the Nepean Kiver last week, ÍB now looking for frosh \- opponents to co quer, and has p'aoad himeoif in tho hands of A. M'Lean, and is looking for matches with Couohe, J. Ksrnp, and CrocBe, tba latter of whom, however, has once defeated him. The Sydney Fiying Squadron Yacht Club is the Hame of a nsw sailing club which is being inaugurated for the forthcoming s ason ur.dor the moat favorable auspices. Tho promoters have tho best of o' jeots in view, and that ia lo more thoroughly popularise' Bailing. They point out that at present after the vessels have once started ail interest is gone, from the fact that so few persona fire enabled to witncEs the racing fran start to finish avd » then only from a steamar, and often under comidcr . """able inconvenience, especially for ladies, r.ho, if they had a fair opportunity, would glad y witn'ss the races V , : of the smaller craft, as well as tho e ot tho regular I yachts. With this idea in view it is proposed to ' '~ \ endeavor to obtain certain concessions of harbor t, .- front»: e, off xwhieh a triangular ot-urae ia to bo \~. , . .:, buoyed off .pf "rob m-.re than 3 J- milos in length, and ä . the raceB t& bo sailed m hcata; that all boats shall ' C*rry distinctive colorB on their sails, so that they 'niaybe readily known on référença to the racing cards. Th* píizes too oro to be oft\red on a much more liberal scale than hitherto, and each . class of club boa's shall havo their afternoon's rac ,t ing on alt rnv.ive Saturdays, and the handicaps shall bo piven to tho various sail ing masters when starting their boat>\ a sj stem which ai.s.vcrcd so well with tho Port Jackson Club last season. Mr. Mark Foy, who is taking a leading ittrrest in the now club, has gmnrousty given the sum of ¿£300 towards the formation of the c'ub, and other amounts have been promised. Tho club rcoms have been leased in Oxford-street, and wi¡l shortly be placed in order for members. Two or three meet ings of intending members have Ken held, and the masters of tho following v'ss^ls have intimated their intention of registering their boats in the club, viz., Lottie, Cynthia, Paceland, Elsie, Grace Darling, ç Splendora, Flyaway, Kannanook, Sophia, Mantura, Ghost, Our To if, Our Roy, Our Boys, I vt rna. Latona, Wild Wave, Regina, and Eena. Mr. W..J. W. Richardson has been appointed secretary, and a com mittee consisting of Messrs. Foy, Eilis, Lapham, Eton, Blair, Eton, and a number of the crew of each boat entered have been romina'ed to draw up a code pf rules- to be submitted to a general meeting of members to held at au carly date. I learn (wrifes "Pegasus," in the NEWS OP THE WORLD) that 56 boats started on the first day of the xnonst r regatta (in fice weather), and 65 boats oa the . Becond day, when rain interfe.ed with the pport, but a large oo: o;ursa of tpectatoramost- rodonbothel-ys, andthfy witnessed grand racing. Tho Berliner Ruder Club members (trained by W. G. East, tho English champion sculler and holder of the Searle Merrorial . Cup) won five cf the principal prizes on the two dïys, ' and of tin other English trainers, Jack Smith's ' protégea ('.he Ber'in>r Ruder-Verein) wen three; ti e 1 -Favorite Hammoni>." Hamburg (Frenk Wal ' ker's), two; the "Allemania," Hamburg (Dub . -ber Follet t's) two; aud the Madgcburger Ruder \- Club (Sam Emmett's), one, tho Fours on the ."' second day. Young East's oarsmen carried off the coxwaiulesa Senior Fours, Juni-.r Eight», Grund \- Eights, Four Pairs oí Sculls Ruce, and the principal contest at tho regatta, the Foura for the Emperor's prize. Thia produced one of the most extraordinary races ever Been, tho "Berliners" winning by lsec from the Sport Germania (Stettin) four, who only beat the Sport Borussia (Berlin) crew by2sfc _'r for the second prize, a long way ahead-of the > other five boats that started. The First Senior Sculls reBulted ia an easy victory for Herr P«ul Wolff (of Stéttin), the new champion of Germany, who recently won the championship at Frankfort, and is a very smart amateur sculler. The Senior Sculling Race , waa won by Herr H. Schrpman ("Allensania," Hamburg), and the Third Senior Sculls by Herr G. .Schultz (Berlimer Ruder-Verein). The annual meeting of the Johnson's Bay Sailing Club will te held on Aueusfc 18, when officials for the ensuing year will be elected, the nominations for which aro already in the hands of the committee. Several prizeB have been promised for the ensuing season, and an early programme will doubtless bo -issued. . .- . The Prince Alfred Yacht Club members held a meeting at the clubroom on August ll to receive nominations for officials of the olub.for the ensuing year and to arranga for the annual general , meeting which takes the second week in September. Tho Leichhardt Rowing Club have a donble SCJ.11 race' in skiffs this (Saturday) afternoon for 'rjphies presented by Mr. A. Cansdell. As there are a number of entries, the race will bo rowed m heats. The N. S. Wa'cB Rowirg Association delegates to the meeting with tho M.B.C. delegates to eettletho diBputa ia connection with tho eight-oar race were nuable to be present at the Exchange, and as a con sequence the mooting was further adjourned, A race, which created a considerable amount of interest locally, wea rowed on tho Nepean couree, Penrith, on August 8. Tho competitors were Chap man ard Roberts. Tho former bad all the beat of the start, hut Roberts roirly overtcok him on the row down. Chapa.au eventually won by a length. Time, 19min 15sec. Commodore A. R. Milson (R S.Y.S.) liss very handsomely pl ioad bia yacht Eva at tho disposal of the Squadron, as a re présentât ive yacht of Now South Wales, to take part in the Intercolonial Yaoht Race, which will probably be fixed to take place about the end of January Lcxt. Tho auncal regatta of tho Sydney Rowing Club will te hold on tho Parramatta River at the branch to-day (Saturday). An excellent programme has been provided, ard a large attendance ol visitors is antici pated if lino weather prevail?. The N.S. W. Rowing Association held a meeting at tho Exchange on the evening of August ll, Mr. Horniman providing. Tho resignations of Messrs; Leeds and Keepan, of tho Glebo Rowing Club, and Mr. Thon as, of tho St. Igratius Club, were amt in and accepted. Ahncthy discussion took place as to the admittance or otherwise on tho minutes of certain icu arksus?d by a member at tho previous meeting, and eventually they were ordered to be expunged. Tho question of tho position of tho Mercantile Row ing Club was again loft an open question. This clcsed tho business. A mooting of tho supüortora of rowing was hold at tho Exchange on August 10 to considor tho best way of perpetuating tho memory of tho late P. J. Clarke. Mr. Q. L. Deloitte presided, and thero were also present Mossrs. W. Cope, C. Dobson, M. A. H. Fitzhardnge, T. Keary, C. Bros. D. Walker, N. Lockyer, J. Lcods, J. Warren, T. Strange, J. G. Kennedy, J. N. Oatley, J. A. Brodio, J. Perry, J. Roleon, E. P. Simpson, D. J. Fletcher, C. C. Medcalf, C. Gardyne, A. L. Weber, J. Blackman, and others. On the motion of Mr. Cope, seconded by Mr. C. Dobson, it waa agreed that a fund be raised to bo devoted to tho pnrobaae of a memento for Mrs. Clarke, tho widow of Mr. P. J. Clarke, and also a challenge cup to bo known as tho P. J. Clarke Challenge Cup, and to bo rowed for annually. Mr. Blackman agreed to act na secretary, and Mr. J. H. Warren as treasurer. Tho following gentlemen wore appointed a oommittee to carry out tho objects of the mcetiüg : Hon. G. Thornton, Messrs. W. Copo, G. P. Simpson, C. A. Bros, N. Lockyer, T. Keary, T. Strange, J. Hobson, C. Medoalf, M. A. H. Fitzhardingo, R. L. Tetoe, Q. L. Deloitte, J. A. Brodie, and the captains of the varioua rowing o'.ubs. Tho meeting then closed. 