CHAPTER II. IN UNACCOUNTABLE VISION. 1 One murdered by tlio other, and that other flown,’ I muttered, as I leaned back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through the terrible storm to the mill that night. I bad gono there full of hope, elated with the certainty of success; but when I had opened Prinro's offico door I started back with a cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat upon his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullet-hole in bi3 forehead.—Seo picture *2. Chairs were overturned—papers wero scattered about the floor—confusion and signs of violence prevailed. I had bent over him, placing my hand upon his heart in the hope of discovering some sign of life ; but although the body was still warm, life waB utterly extinct. Upon the floor near the doorway was a hat, I picked it up and looked at it carefully, and recog I nised it as belonging to Jacob Hurley, noticing at No. 2.—‘ Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat on his back, was Aaron Primo, with a bullet hole in his forehead.* the same time that there was a bullet-bole through its crown. Glancing hurriedly around me, X realised if I should by chance bo seen there I would ho ac cused of the murder, and I went hastily out, at first intending to arouse the neighbourhood, and give what information I could regarding the When I again reached the open air, however, all that man’s death meant to me became obvious, and by a seeming parados, the crimo itself sank into insignificance beforo the utter failure of my mission, nud I hurried homeward through the driving sleet. As I sat by the fire thinking, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alone. I know not why or how, bnt the feeling came over me so strongly that I arose and looked about mo among the flickering shadows made by the blazing logs in tho fireplace. ‘ Pshaw !’ I exclaimed, rc-seating myself. * X am a dunce to allow the sight of n dead body to unn rve me. It can’t be that either,’ roused I, • for I have not thought of it in that way sinco I first made the discovery.’ I could not, however, shako off the idea that I was not alone. I felt no fear, for, especially re garding the supernatural, I was nerveless; but every time I raised my eyeB I half expected they would behold some companion in my solitude, although, on the other, hand, I knew positively that I was alano. ... . As tlio fotliu forcible poaaes* sion of me, by ft strange antithesis I experienced a drowsy sensation, and then I fell asleep. I say asleep, for that is the only way in which I ^ can explain what transpired, for I must have j dreamed. , 15 ‘fore me stood the old man, as I had so often j seen him, with his back to the fire and hi* hands , behind him under hi* coat-tails—See picture ( No. 3—and I arose mechanically and offered him my comfortable chair. ( • John,’ said he, as ho seated himself in my place, while I leaned my arm upon the m mtcl over the fire, ‘ Prime and Hurley have had a , fight.' ‘ Evidently/ I commented. * Well/ he continued in his usual abrupt way ‘ you will have to got their signatures to-night or ; not all, for by morning they will both bo beyond signing anything.' 1 Why/ I exclaimed, ‘Prime is already dead and ■ Hurley has flown.' ‘ 13osli, my boy, bosh ! They are both thero now i awaiting you, and wondering why you are so late. < Come, start at once. I havo seen them, and they will sign.‘ , I Accustomed from childhood to obey him almost implicitly, I aroso without delay, and, arranging l myself in any storm clothing, once moro set out through the bitter tempeat towards tlio woollen mill. I was completely exhausted when I reached it, No. 8.—1 Before me stood the old man, as 1 had eo often seen him, with his back to the fire and his hands bahind him under his coat-tail9.’ and rested for a moment on the steps outside. Then entering I found the two men, as had been tated, awaiting mo. * You arc late enough, surely/ said Prime; and as I apologised, he took the document from my hand, went to his desk, and, seating himself, signed it. Hurley followed his example, and 1 then passed over to them respectively the papers hearing my signature, which made the bargain complete, nnd took my departure. While inside it had not once occnrred to me to look at the floor where, earlier in the evening, I had seen the dead body of Prime, but as I left the oflice I stooped and peered back through tho window. What was my horror to see tho room in pre cisely the same condition in which I had first discovered it that night, tho murdered body of Aaron Prime lying upon the floor with the blue bullet-hole in the forehead. Shocked beyond description,^ 1 hurried rapidly away,and in due course of timo onco more reached tho mansion. , Tho old man met mo at the door, his face radi ant with 8 milca ■* T - - rvr: , * Got them ?' ho asked; and when I replied in the aflirmatiye, ho said: * Good t Now I am going to sleep again. Dry yourself off at the fire here, and then you had better get somo sleep also/ I must have instantly awakened instead, for I suddenly became conscious of the fact that the fire had burned down considerably, and that I was standing before it in the vain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and dry the soaking gar ments which were upon me. Seizing the tongs I poked the fire vigorously for a moment, throwing fresh wood upon it, and soon I had a warm and cheering hlazo again. I was dszed by the inexplicable circumstances grouped before me. 4It must have, bean a drram/ I said aloud; ‘ and yet how came those wet clothes upon' me ? Where did I get tho mud upon my boots? * My recollection of what had passssd wn3 as perfect as I have described it, and was so vivid that it Eeemed a part of the regular occurrences of the evening, notwithstanding the fact of the sudden realisation of my surroundings which had come over mo as I stool by the lire. ‘Bahl’ 1 cried, in disgust. *1 am growing nervous. The experiences of to-night have worked upon my mind, and I have not only dreamed, but I have walked in my sleep/ Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipe, and after due preparation again threw myself into the easy chair before the fire, when it suddenly oc curred to mo to look at my watch. It was nearly two o’clock. Startled by the lapse of time, and the length of my unquiet nap, I arose and crossed to tlio peg whereon my greatcoat was hanging, • I will settle this tiling hero and now I’ I mut tered, pulling the packag; from tho pocket nnd re turning to my chair at the fire. * The papers will prove that I have had a nightmare.’ With a quick movement I undid the string which bound the package together, and selecting tho all important documont, spread it open before mo on my knees. Uttering a star tied cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering the many papers broadcast about on th) floor, fortlioro before me on tho whito page, plainly and legibly, were the well-known signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob I trembled with excitement. For the first time in my life I know whit it meant to bo afraid 1 The room seemed filled with uncanny shapes fluttering about in shrouds and blood-stained gar ments. There stoed the signatures before me, plaiu and incontrovertible in their authenticity, in the face of tho fact that when I had gono at nine o’clock to get them ono of tho men was already dead and tho other had disappeared. Suddenly 1 began wildly gathering tho scattered papers together which had fallen upon tho floor, looking through them in search of those I was to have given up to tho two men in exchange for their signatures. They were nowhere to bo found. Long and cagorlv I searched, but without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that thoy were not there. Whcro, then, were thoy? Had I indeed met those two men when I went forth the scond time ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron Prims to be dead ? Could it bo that X had not seen aright, or were they both dead, and had I met and bargained with their ghosts? Or was it some fantastic bewilderment of dreamland, which, following tho Shakspearian theory of ' dreams are result of a foregone conclu sion,' had shaped my sleeping thoughts some what into tho form of what I had been thinking while awake? But, no! my eyes had certainly not been closed in sleep. -I tore my hair in perplexity, for X could not rea son the occurrences out into any logical ,se quenco. Jij 1 ■ ■ ■ [To be Cosiiskd.] 