A. STAGE GHOST. In the course of thirty years' experience asI an actor and manager in the provinces, S have had some curious adventures, but never one so utterly beyond my powers of comprcen sion as an occurrence which took place at the Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Chrht mas 1872. I have often related the details of this matter to my friends, and it war talked of freely at the time. Of course, every man who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident which I could not possibly account for; neverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to- day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people-at least people of my profession-are aware, is one of the most important theatrical towns in England, and its Theatre-Royal is visited week after week by the leading touring companies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was in accordance with this practice that the com pany of which I was a member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks' preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong com bination, and during our stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shakespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally. good mount. mg and accessories. There were three personsin our company who excited mvinterest in an unumual decree. The first was'our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer, a very handsome- clever woman, who was as charming off thestage as on it. She was a good deal above the ordinary run of actresses, and looked upon her work with that fine enthusiasm which alway's- tends to success. It was agreatthing for herchances in'the profeaidon that she had'been exaeption ally'well educated, and was thusabletd give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind. would 'have found it diffidult to rnderstand. She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with-the result thalt when she repre sented one of her favourite characters you quifo forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and :thought only of Juliet or Desd?mona or Perdita, as the case might be. Miss Lattimer, In fact, had already achieves'the great dis-. Stinction of submerging herself in the character which she engaged to piresent. The second person who attracted my notice was our leading tragedian, 3Mr Edward Boville. He had come into the company under somewhat mysterious- circumstances. None of us knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as most of us had;' and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. -Our manager,. if he knewapnything of Boville's history, carefully refrained from sharing the knowledge with us, -and'we therefore invented a story for ourselves to the effect that Boville was a peer in disgnise who wias acting for amusement. That he was a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone" of the saciety which we usually call aristocratic, and it was palpably evident that he had been educated as onlypublic-schooland university men are. . He was always kind and sociable with the rest or us; but we knew -well enough that-he was notof us, and that under other conditions we-should not have had intimate relations with him. ' -Boville was a tall handsome man of 28 or 30, and I often thought that he and Miss Lsttimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up a friendship which no doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. Theywere a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But in spitse of -all this, I never saw anything which led me to'suppose Bovillo to be in love -with Miss Lattimer. He was always as respectful to her, in a' formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of his "seell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Boville .was making love to Miss Lattimer, and that was the third of the three persons who had excited my interest. Until Boville's sudden advent and rapid;rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always been regarded as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors,'and might be said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent ment, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage- struck swells, and so on. To this,, however, no one paid much altentibn, for Boville was undoubtedly a very fine and capable actor, and well worthy the esteem in which our manager held him. I had often thought that Melford was in love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression in his face which I did not like; I had seen him try.to gain speech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to one of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow' when you camer o know him; but his .dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire any one with feelings of liking. Thentoo, he was moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits,-in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. 1 believe that old Simpson, our: manager, would have got rid of him but for the fact that Melford was a thoroughly trained actor. and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was the first week in - December when we opened at Woolford, and we were to remain there until the 20th, when the theatre would be closed for a few days to allow of preparations being made for the annual pantomime. During the two or three weeks preceaing our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford, and more especially between Melford and Miss Lattimer. On more than one occasion I happened to come across Miss Lattimer and Melford talking together, and I fancied each time that she was in tears, while I was quite certain that he was speaking angrily and with a sort of peremptorisess thit he had no right to asenume. Two days after our arrival at W?Volford I overheard these two talking in one of the dressing-rooms, and caught the final words whico were spokenby 3Ifelford. then, I shall !" Then he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lettimer leave the theatre: and though she hal a thick veil on, it was evident to mc that she had been shedding tears. I wondered what it was that 3Melford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than some grievance-it relation to business matters, of wh"ch Helford, being a peevish man, alwayshad a stock. And yet that hardly accounted for Mies Lattimer's tear - How ever, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss t from my thoughts. Our play tlhat night was "Romeo and Juliet," with liss Lattimer and Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, aud ?oelford in the part of Tyba!t The occasion was somewhat out of the ordinary, for the Mayor and Aldermen of TVooltord had given their force. W-hen the curtain went up there was hardly standing-room in the more popular parts of the house; and by the time we had reached the hell-scene, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first time, there was not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, for love or money. It seemed to me that Boville was some what agitated that night. I had steen him early in the evenmug in conversation with Miss Lattimer at the wings. They were not long together; but Melford Far- them, and a fierce look came over his face. H.e went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ere long. Little did I guess how it was to came. We reached the scene where Tyialt, re torning to the stago, is met and slain by Romeo. I stood at the wings watching, others of the company standing near me. Tybalt rushed non, and was met by Romeo. SIstarted to ase how real the thing looked. Both men, Booville and Helford, glared at each other as if thequarrel had been a real one aseotinig themselves. The duel com mertd, the fencing' we superb, for lth men were acconplished -swordsnien. One of the men standin.r by my side remarked how likea real fight it was. Suddenly, as in the stage directions;, Romeo ran Tybalt through the h?art, and the latter with one glare round, dropped.- Boville stood motionless for a eceond,-gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And theeall of a sudden, one of the girls standing at the wings shrieked aloud and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ingtheboaree. The duel bhd been no ancting; it was real, and M~elford lay there dead ! I' have only a confused recollection of what hllowed. There was no more acting that night, and the streets were aeon full of a crowd talking of the awful mischance that hadjust taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For misohance it could be, and nothing else. By some dire mistake, Boville had used a buttonless rapier. At'the crucie moment, he saidMelford slipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had pentt'ated biaheart. Of source there was an inquiry and an inquest and so on; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole-thing was atersible accident, and no blame- was attached to Burille. Melford was intevred,.aundin day or two the matter was treated like the- pro verbial nine daysrwonder" But Bovillo- went about looking very pale and haggard-a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, who some how seemed to have recovered her spirits.: For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Bbville's name was not on the bills, the manager con sidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. C0nsequen'ty the duties of leading man devolved on me, and hard work I had driing the next fortnight.. However, I acquitted myself" so mueh-to the satisfaction of old Simpson that'he- set- apart the last night of our stay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a- desire to play Rtmee, and I was all the moro-anxious- to appear in that character on my benefit:night because Miss Lattimer was-an, incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious-abontrthe pro priety of prodncing the play. again-o soon. after the fatal accident; but we finally, decided upon doing sod, and thebills-wero-got out. I was anxious that Bovilleshould sop port nme, and prevailed upon himto-take the pat ofTybalt. Heshivered slightlywhen I named the part tohim, but finallyconsentedon. condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The night came; I had a full house and a splendid reception, and Miss Lattimer wasin magnificeatform. The early scenes went off admirably,- and after the balcony scene I felt so elated with my own success as to have visions of a great carier in the metropolis. Boville,; on the other hand, was gloomy, apd under a, cloud. " Tom?,' she said, oining;to me at the wings, "something.is" going to happen to me to night." " JI looked at him in amazement. He snook his head. "Something will happento me to night," he repeated. "' I know it. I feel," he said in a lower voice, and looking round him,-" I-feel- that something is' hanating me." "' Nonsense !" I answered.- "'~Yoi're out of sorts, Boville. -The Christmas jollities will put you all right'" - ' You'll see,", he said, and thriued away. The scene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery-Tybalt and slay him. As I .stood awaiting Bmville's approach, I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to spread itself all round me. The words, i ' Here comes the fery Tybalt bock aainr/r fell on my ears unheeded. I saw Boville advancing. And then-I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a voice- Melford's voice -whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, and eaw another Romeo glide past me sword in hand. I caught a glimpse of his face-heavens l it was Melford came back.. I heard the rapiers clash to. gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me whisper: "Go on, Tom-go on," and never moved. I was watching something that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, the living man Boville, and the ghost 3felford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I. fainted and dropped on the stage. . -When I came round, it was to lear of a tragedy. They said that- Boville advanced upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stood still as if transfixed. Boville's face suddenly assumed a horror stricken expression; he tbrew~'up his arms and dropped - dead. Heart-dieease, the doctors said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at.. But whatever the truth of the matter may be, and whatever was the nature of. that strange secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the two men, I know beyond question that my place as Romeo was assumed for a minute by the spirit of Charles MIelford in order that he might wreak -his vengeance on the man who had murdered him three weeks before.--Ciamoer's Journal. 