SPORTING. VICTORIAN TRAINING NOTES, ' CARBINE WITHDRAWN [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) MELBOURNE, October 19. Carbine has bidden adieu to the turf for ever. Walter Hickenbotham desires it to be made public that he will be scratched for the Melbourne Cup as soon as he can interview Mr. Donald Wallace. This outcome has been content to dose inspectors of the work since his arrival at headquarters, and the pity h that the owner did not accept the inevitable at once and scratch him, as during the past week the general public, who had the greatest of faith in his invulnerability, have backed him steadily. This morning was lovely, but the work was of a most desultory character, hardly a gallop of importance having been executed. Survivor, Whimbrel and the rest of Nicholson's team were allotted light tasks, Oxide and Sulphide moving along the tan at even-time gait. Foglooksin rare "nick," and put in a second round on the sand at a good sweet-going pace. Paris traversed eleven furlongs in 2min. 37sec. and ran home the last six furlongs in 1min. '22sec. Marvel was restricted to half pace fighting against the bit the whole way. Correze has wonderfully improved, and finished up a few furlongs briskly. Melos, Belglorno, and Penance were not called upon to exert themselves, nor was Highborn despatched out of a canter. The Sydney Cup winner appears to be as hard as nails and will doubtless render an excellent account of himself in some handicaps during the approaching meeting, perhaps in the big event itself. Muriel galloped two miles on the sand in a very taking manner. Stromboli and Empire swung along a mile at three-quarter speed. Sir William and Forty Winks took matters sedately. Neither Bungebah nor Tan- tallon was exercised. King Olaf was given two rounds on the tan at half pace and moved very CAULFIELD, October 19. This was a beautiful morning, and slow work was the order of the day. Stornchasor and Tirailleur cantered. Tiraillorio went half pace twice round. Glenloth and Silverstream went steadily, and Bothwell went a strong pace once round on the tan. Sainfoin, Ascotvale, and the remainder of Carslake's horses did slow work. Malvolio, Redcap, and Greygown did long steady exercise. Alderford and Tyres ran a fast half mile on the course. Pigeontoe and John Bright cantered, and Poerswick did slow work on the tan. Proh Pudor, Shamrock, and the jumpers cantered. SOUTHPORT SUMMER RACES. The summer meeting of the Southport Jockey Club was held on the local course yesterday, but was very poorly attended as compared with previous gatherings, there being not more than 800 persons present, and this number included very few visitors from Brisbane. The racing, however, provided an enjoyable day's sport, although there were not any close or exciting finishes, and, owing to the absence of the bookmaking element, there was scarcely any speculation upon the results. Mr. J. White had charge of one of Mr. Harris's totalisator machines, but the amount passed through his hands could not have been more than £80. The details of the meeting were carried out by the officials in a satisfactory manner, and the races were disposed of punctually. Mr. E. H. Owen acted as judge, Mr. H. Wickham made an efficient clerk of the course, while Mr. E. Hicks did his best to secure good starts. Details of the racing are 09 follow : TRIAL HANDICAP, of 20 sovs.; for all horses that had never won an advertised prize of the value of 50 sovs. or over; about 7 furlongs. J. Armstrong's ch.g. Serf, aged, 7st. 10lb. 2 (Patterson) 2 A. Clarke's br.h. Kingsvvorth, 4 years, 8st. 8lb. Golden) 2 W. Daly is. the. Battler, 4 years, 8st. (Daly) 8 The only other starter was Waratah, 8st. 3lb. (Bruce). Serf ran to the front soon after the flag fell, and leading throughout the journey, won easily by two lengths from Kingsvvorth in 1min. 25sec. Dividend, 8s. JOHNNY GILPIN STAKES, of 15 SOVS.; weight for age for all horses ; winner to be sold for 1 sov., surplus to the club ; about 1 mile. T. Yates's br.g. Bon Lomond, aged, 8st. 12 lb. Golden) 1 L. Hanlon's ch.g. Meteor, aged, Bat. 121. . (Patterson) 2 V?, Daly's b m. Minnie, 5 years. 8st. 12 lb. . (Daly) 8 Snip, 8st. 12 lb. (Tucker), also started. Ben Lomond was the first to move, and keeping in front all the way. won by two length from Meteor. Time, 1min. 55sec. Dividend, £1 9s. SOUTHPORT SUMMER HANDICAP, of 40 sovs.; 5 sovs. from the prize to go to second horse ; about 12 mile. S. Percy as. she. Decorum, by Melbourne Vestal, 5 years, 9st. .. (Tucker) 1 J. Armstrong's ch.g. Serf, aged, 7st. .. (Gill) 2 A. Clarke's br.h. Kingsworth, 4 years, 7st. ;'.. Golden) 8 Liberty, 7st. 5lb. (Massie) was the only other starter, Wooroowoolgin,,Forrester, ondBepubli can being scratched. The flag was lowered to a good start, and Liberty at once went to the front and led from Decorum past the quarter mile and into the straight. Opposite the Post Decorum took up the running, and led out of the straight and round the turn from Liberty, but at the back Serf moved up second, and half a-mile from home was two lengths away from the leader. Decorum, however, kept this advantage all the way to the turn, and when fairly in the straight he came away and won comfortably by three lengths. Kingsworth was four lengths away third, and Liberty was a very bad last. Time, 2min. 45sec. Dividend, 13s. NOVEL RACE, of 20 SOVS.; for all horses ; weight for age; winner to be sold for £23 ; about 6 furlongs. ^rí,00""5''8 case- Wooroowoolgen, aged, 8st. T,11'0-.,-.(Tucker) 1 *". Smiths ch.m. Waratah, aged, 8st. 111. "aT v. Bruce) 2 or Joseph a ohm. Haidee, 8 years, 7st. 8lb. Massie) 3 Only the three started, and Wooroowoolgen Rot away in front and led throughout, winning in a canter by four lengths from Waratah, Time, 4min. 34sec. Dividend, Os. MAIN'S HANDICAP, of 20 sovs.; second horse to receive 3 sovs. from the prize ; about 6 furlongs. p -Armstrong's chg. Serf, aged, 7st. 3lb. (Gill) 1 Piercy. b.h. Decorum, 8st. 7lb., including; oil, penalty . (Tucker) 2 ". Daly as. he. Baffler, 4 years, 7st. 3lb. . (Massie) 8 Flirtation, 7st. (Roberts), also started. After several breaks away the flag fell to a bad start, in getting away lengths in front, while Decorum was the last to leave. At the quarter mile Decorum ran up to within a couple of lengths of Serf, who, however, came first into "a straight, and won all out by two lengths, same, firm. 25sec. Dividend, 12s. CONSOLATION HANDICAP, of 15 sovs. for all A PI" {'""«daring the meeting; once round. "?? marks , b.h. Kingsworth, 4 years, 8st. Gib. Owen.. (Daly) 1 '. wins the. Barrier, 4 years, 7st. 12 lb. G J" .", Golden) 2 . passes b.g. Liberty, aged, 7st. 8lb. 4' Massie) 3 not Say it's three started, and Kingsworth, who on "ghost of an indifferent start, led through a DwS_5!u/8.by two lengths in 2min' PONY AND GALLOWAY RACING. The following are the nominations received benefit not T8."0« for Mr- J- A. Grant's October "3 was held on Saturday next, 24th BUTTER £116 Breakfast Creek Grounds : Wedin;. "?,CrAF\"" Nlmcy Leo Fisher Cm v,,,?'aH ond' L!U,° as Acton, Nina. 'a Mr.. xrHAS'-wc^p--MiM Amy- S'yco. Deer Wyatt in Sews' Erin- Miss Lisgar, Moonlight, Mary Nyeri, NmFAr--LittlB Carbine, Nancy Lee, Del»rah,Acto Queen, Refused, Diamond, a»w?p!S,.IUT?I>-,OA5;rDio1t Gay Hussar), Kil -Noble 2 2 "0' the *<&"> Rose "of 'York, sHvador T L'"' Jones' Misses. Forrester, ye ¿¿a.ThB parson' pink- mark the erratic PULL HANDICAP. Ethel, Cowboy, within.,!- half' Curlew, Zorlnda, Fairy II. less "ALLOWAY HANDicAP. The Deceiver, Slygo, Kathleen, Kildare, Pasha, Miss Caducia, Bronzewing, Tottle, Lily S., First Lady Laura, Miss Pittendrigh, Camembert, The Parson, Casson, The Swell, My Love, Quaker, Lucy, Major Blake. 