PRETTY ANNIE. This befell hi the old days, and, as my frond Pirate Mulvaney was specially careful to tnake dear, Hie Unregeoerate. There'hid been a royal dog fight m the nu&ilij;&tiie;"back of the rifle butts between I<eaxB£iP*3bck and Ortheris's Blue Rot—both mengnl Kampur hounds, cliiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling mjnutei, and then B.ue llot collapsed aui Ortherin paid Learoyu three rupees, and we . werenill very thirsty. A dog fight is a most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Rampurs fight over a cuuplc of acres of ground. Later, when the soand of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deer m some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp iu their breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is noticeable even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the hue: it shows the refining influence of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learovd's eves began to brighten, and he unburdened himself of a Ions history in which a trip to Mai ham Cove, a girl at PateSy Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. " An' so Ah coot's yead oppen from t' chin t' hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' a month," concluded Learoyd pensively. Hnlvauoy came out of a reverie—he was lying down—and flourished his heels in the air. "You're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, "but you've only fought wid men, an' that's An ivry-day expayrience; but I've stud up to a ghost, an' that was not ivry-day expayrience." "No," said Orfheris, throwing a cork at him. " Ton git up an' address the 'ouse—you an' yer expayrience. Is it a bigger one nor «roal?" " 'Twas the livin' trut'!" answered Mulvaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris bv the collar. " Now, where are ye, me eon ? Will ye take the wurrud av the Lorrd out avmy month another time?" He shook him to emphasise the question. 4 1 No, somethin' else, though," said Or&eris;, making a dash at Mnlvaney's pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. " I'll chuck it acrost thenullaji if you don't let me go!" " You maraudiu' hathen! 'Tis the only cutty Z iver loved. Hand In her tinder or Fll chuck you acrost the nullah* If that poipe bruk— Ah! Qiveher back to me, sorr?" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my band. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as the black bail at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. " Will you tell us about the ghost-fight if I do?" I said. "Isutthe shtoiy that's troublin' you? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut my own way, as Fopp Doggie said whin they found him thryiii' to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. Orth'ris, fall away!" He released the little Londoner, took his pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He has the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. " Did 1 iver tell you," he began, '• that Z was wanst the devil av a man ?" "You did," said Learoyd, with a childish gravity that made Ortheris yell with laughter, for. Mulvaney was always impressing upon us his merits in the old days. " Did I iver tell you," Mulvaney continued calmly, " that I was wanst more av a divil than I am now?' "Mer-ria! You don't, mean it?" said Ortheris. " Whin I was Corp'ril I was rejuced afterwards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was a devil of a man." He was silent for nearly a minute. "Eyah!They was great times. I'm oald • now; my bides wore oS in patches; sinthiy-go has disconceited me, and I'm a married man tu. But Fve had my day, I've had my day, and •nothin* can take away the taste av that' Oh, my time past whin I put me f ut through ivery livin 1 wan av the Tin Commandments between Bevilly and Lights Out, blew the froth off a ' pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back av me band an' slept on ut all as quiet as a little child! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill niver come back to me; not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the otald rig'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Mulvaney ? I niver met him. Ivxy woman that was not a'witch was worth the lookin' afther in those days, an' ivery man was my dearest frind or—I had stripped to him an' we knew who was the betther man av the tu. .'"Whin I was Corp'ril I wud not ha' changed wid the Colonel—no, nor yet the Commandherin-Chief. I wud be a sargint. There was nothin' I wud not be! Mother av Hivin, look at me! .Fwhat am I now? But no matther! I must get to the other ghosts—not the wans in «nyould head. "We was quartered in a big cantonmint—'tiB no manner av use namin' names, for nt might ewe the barricks disrepitation—an' I was the Imperor av the earth to my own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the came, small blame to film.. Afther we had lain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sargint av £ Comp'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady's maid to some big lady in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Bragin—died at Kirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah—seven—nine years gone, an' Bragin be married agin. But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmint society. She had eyes like the brown av a buttherfly's wing whin the eun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sof* button av a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asia bristlin' widbay'nits to get a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger—forgive me mentiomn' that blunderin* baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragin—but 'twas all shpun gold, an time was whin a lock av ut was more than di'monds to me. There was niver a pretty woman yet, an* Fve had thruck wid a few, cud open the door to Annie Bragin. " *Twas in the chapel I saw her first, me oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. 'You're too good for Bragin, my love, fliinfat flunks I T to fA myself,' mmplf ' but lint that's that'a a n mistake tnictata I T can put straight or my name is not Terence Mulvaney.' "Now,take mywurrd for ut, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an' kape out av Married Quarters—as I did not. No good iver comes of nt, an' there's always the chance av your bein' found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket in the back av your head, an' your hands playin' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'TwasBO we found O'Hara, he that Rafferty killed sis years gone, whin he wint to bis death wid his hair oiled whistlin ' Lany O'Rourke' betune his teeth. Kape out av the ferried Quarters, I say, as I did not. "Tis onwholesim, 'tis dangerous an*' 'tis iverythin that'sbad,but—oh, me siwl, 'tis swate while itlaeisl " I was always hangin' about there whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn't, but niver a aweet word beyon' ordinor' did I get from Annie Bragin. 'Tis the pevarsity av the sect, BezI to myself, an' gave my cap another cock on my head an' straightened my back—an' wintoS as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Harried Qarters laughin'. I was pershnaded—most boys are, Fm thinkin*—that no women born av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger. I had reason for thinkin' that way—till I met Annie Bragin. " Time and agin whin I was blandandherin in* the dusk, a man would go past me as quiet as a cat. ' That's qnare,' thinks I.'' for I am, or shud be, the only man in these parts. Now what devilment can Annie be up to ?' Thin I called myBelf a blayguard for thinkin' such tilings; but I thought thim all the same. An' that, mark you, is the way av a man. " Wan evenin' I said: ' Mrs Bragin, manin' no disrespect to you, whg is that corp'ril man' —I had seen the stripes, though I cud niver get sight av hie face—'who is that corp'ril man that comes in always whin Fm goin" away?' "' Mother av God!' sez she, turnin' as white as my belt;' have you seen him, too ?' "•Seen him!' sez I; 'Av course I have. Did ye want me not to see him for'—we were standin' talkin* in the dhaxk, outside the verandah of Bragin's quarters—'you'd better tell me to shut me eyes. Onless I'm mistaken, he's come now.' "An* sure enough, the corp'ril man was walidn'to us hangin' ids head down as though be was ashamed av himself. "'Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' sez I, very cooL ' 'Tis not for me to interfere wid your amoors—but you might manage these things wid more dacency. I m off to canteen,' I sez. "I turned on my heel an' wint away, flwearin' I wud give that man a dhressin' that wnd sthop him messin' about the Married Quarters for a month an' a week. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie Bragin was hangin' onto my arm, and I cud feel that she was ahakin' all over. "' Don't ye go, Mister Mulvaney!' sez she. * You're flesh and blood at the least—are ye not?' "' rm all that,' sez I. an' my anger wint away in a flush. ' Will I want to be asked twice, Annie?' "Wid that I slipped my arm around her waist, {or, bedad, I fancied she had surrindered at discretion, an* the honours av war Were mine. • *Whatnonsinse is this?' sez she, dhrawin h'eailf up on the tips av her dear little toe?. * Wie the mauler's milk not dhiy on your im jdept mouth! Let go!' she sez. '"Did ye not say just now that I was flesh and blood ?' sez I: ' I have not changed since.' I sez, an' I kep' my arm where ut was. "' Your arms to yoursilf I* sez she an' her eyes sparkled. '"Sure 'tis only hurna« nature,' sez i"> an* I kep' my arm where ut v:as. "'Natureor no nature,' sez she, 'you take your arm away or I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter the nature of your IraaJ. Fwliat d' you take me for ?' she sez. "' A woman,' sez I, ' the prettiest in bar ricks.' ' A wife,' sez she, ' the straighest in cantonraints.' " Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mint f what she said."' " Then you know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell ?" I demanded in the interests of soience. "Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. " Av she shuts her haud tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yo'ureilf av you sthay. But av the hand lies open on the lap, or av you see her thryin' to shut ut au' she can't, pro ou! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I trassayin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin' away. "' Sthay wid me,' sez she. ' Look! He's corain' again.' " She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comin' out av Bragin's quarters. " " He's done that these five evenin's past,' sez Annie Bragin. ' O f what shall I do !' '"' He'll not do nt again,' sez I, for I was fightin' mad. ' Kape away from a man that has been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. Ho rages like abrute beast. '•I wint up to the man in the verandah, manin', as sure as I sit, to knock the life outav him. He slipped into the open. ' Fwhat are you doin' pliilanderin' about here, ye scum av the gutter?' 6ez I, polite, to give him his warnin', fori wanted him ready. " He niver lifted his head, but sez all mournful and melancolius. as if he thought I wud be sooiy for him: ' I c^n't find her,' sez he. "' My troth,' sez I, ' you've lived too long— you an' your seelrin' an' findin's in a Jaeent married woman's quarters! Hould up your head, ye frozen thiei av Genesis,' sez I, 'an' you'll find all you want an'more!' " But he niver hild up' and I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eyebrows. "' That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin' at all an' nearly put my shoulter out. The corp'ril man was not there, an' Annie Bragin, who had been watchin'from the verandah, throwsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Bragin, is more than a p'rade groun' full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman faint before, an' I stud like a stuck calf, askm' her whether she was dead, an' prayin' her, for the love av me, an' the love av her husband, an* the love av the Virgin, to opin her blessed eyes again, an' callin' mesilf names undher the canopy av Hivin for plaguin' her wid my miserable amoors whin I ought to ha* stud betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his mess. " I misremember fwhat nonsinse I said, but I was not so far gont> that I cud not hear a fut on the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an'by the same token Annie was comin', too. I jumped to the fax end av the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me mouth. But Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wife that was, had tould Bragin about my hangin' 'round Annie. " ' That's bad hearin',' I sez, an' I knew that the pickets were dhriveu in. ' What for, Sargint?' sez I. "' Come outside,' sez he, ' an' I'll show you why.' " ' I'm willin',' sez I, ' but my stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid ?' sez I. " He was a quick man an* a just, an' saw fwhat I wud be afther. ' Wid .Mrs. Bragin's husband,' sez he. He might ha' known by me askm' that favour that I had done him no wrong. "' I wint to the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, an* for ten minutes 'twas all cud do to prevent him killin' himself against my fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog—just frothing wid rage; but he had no chanst wid me in reach or learnin* or anything else. Will ye hear reason?'sez I whin his first wind was rnnnin' out. " ' Not whoile I can see," sez he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick crow. "' Will ye hear reason now, ye brave man ?' ; sez I. "' Not whoile I can speak,' sez he, staggerin 1 up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an' swung into the jaw side on an' shifted ut a half pace to tho lef'. "' Will ye hear reason now ?' sez I; 'I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tis like I will hurt you.' . " 'Not whoile I can stand,' he mumbles out av one corner av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him—blind, dumb an' sick; an' jammed the jaw straight. " ' You're an ouldfool, Mister Bragin.' sezl, " ' You're a young thief,' sex he, ' an' you've bruk my heart, you an' Annie betune you.' " Thin he began cryin' like a child as he lay. I was Borry as I had never been before. 'Tis an awful thing to see a strong man cry. " ' I'll swear on the cross 1' sez I. '"I care for none av your oaths,' sez he. " ' Come back to your quarters,' sez I,' an' if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. ; I hoisted him an' tuk him back to his quarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, ' here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' " 1 You've shur_ed me before my wife,' he whimpers. "' Have I so :> sez I. ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for & dhressin' down worse than I gave you.' " An' I was! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' mo like a cooper roun* a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekase I wint into the corner shop an unstrappedlewnatic, but all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. Whin nt was done for want av breath, an Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sez: ' 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?' As I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came up to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud 6ee his face. ' I can't find her, sez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the puff av a candle. " ' Saints stand betune us an' evul!' sez Bragin crossin' himself. 'That's Flahy av the Tyrone Bigmint.' "' Who was he,' sez I,' for he has given me dale av fightin' this day.' "Bragin tould us that Flahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, and walked afther they buried him, huntin' for her. * Well,' sez I to Bragin,' he's been hookin out av Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin' for the last fortnight. You may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's been talkin' to you, an' you've been istenin', that she ought to onderstand the differ Wist a man an' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, ' an' you've got a wife too ;ood for you. Instid av which you lave her to 30 bodaered by ghoBts an'—an' all manner av evilspiruts. I'll niver go talkin' in the way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good niaht to von both,' sez I. An' wid that I wint away, havin' fought wid woman, man an' divil in the heart av an hour. An that's fourteen years gone! Eyah.' Cork's own city an' the blue sky above ut—an' the times that was—the times that was!" RUDYAKD KXPLTNG. It would seem from the more recent discoveries that the milk is the first thing about a diseased cow that is affected. Doctor Babcock says he can detect in the milk the approach of milk fever and garget a week or ten days before there are any outward signs, by the formation of an extra amount of fibrin in the milk. We all know how sensitive milk is to outward influences. Why should it not be equally sensitive to inward influences ? A fistula or sore of any kind which causes the taking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels must poison the blood to a greater or less extent, and it is pretty generally conceded that the blood is the source of milk. In case of tuberculosis, the milk must be loaded with the germs of the disease, as the blood has to all pass through the diseased organ. That it is so has been demonstrated by feeding the milk to young animals. Some stomachs may be strong enough to resist and destroy the disease germs, but who wants to take the chance ? If the milk were boiled it might destroy the germs. So cooking the meat of diseased animals might destroy the disease germs in it. But it is not a pleasant thought, to say the leqst, that you are eating what wag go diseased that your only salvation t,Ces in the cooking. 