MISS LOU. Bt EDWARD P. ROE, Author of 'Barriers Burned Away,' 'Opening a Chesnut Burr,' ' Without a Home,''3 ' He Pell in Love with his Wife,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chaitee XXXIV.— Cm xk Plays Si-ook. Since Mr. Baron had yielded for the present, Mis. Whately was glad nothing need be said to the physician concerning their affairs. His positive injunction of quiet was sufficient, and now that Mr. Baron was impressed with its need and had had time for sober second thought, he concluded that he had trouble enough on hand as it was. He felt that every quiet day gained was so much towards secur ing the absolutely essential crops. Perkius was therefore summoned and the situation in part explained. The overseer was m unusual good humor over the death of Scoville, and if Chunk had escaped finally there was compensation in the thought of having no more disturbance from that source. So, fortunately for poor Zany, avarice came to the fore, and Perkins agreed that the best thing to do was to bend every energy to 'making the crops,' using severity only in the furtherance of this eud. 'Beg pardon, Mv. Baron, but I must have sump'n up and down clar. There's been so many besses of late en my orders been knocked eendwise so of en that I don't know, en the hands don't know whether I've got any po'r or no. Ef this thing 'bout Chunk gits out, en nobody punished, the fiel'-hans natchelly think we darsn't punish. Mought es weil give up then.' ' Punish as much as you think necessary to keep the quarter-hands' at work. Then ft is plain,' replied Mr. Baron. Very seldom had Perkins been in so com placent and exultant a mood as when he left the presence of Air. Baron that morning. But his troubles began speedily. Jute had slept little the night before and was stupid and indif ferent to his work in the afternoon. Finding threats had little effect, the overseer struck a blow with his cane. The negro turned fiercely, but was confronted with a revolver. He re sumed work doggedly, his sullen look spread ing like the shadow of a cloud to the faces of the others. So many began to grow indifferent and reckless that to punish all was out of the question. Perkins stormed and threatened, striking some here and there, almost beside himself from increasing anxiety and rage. Whichever way he turned a dark vindictive face met his eyes. The slaves had enjoyed a brief sense and sweet hope of freedom ; he was seeking to refasten the yoke with brutal hands and it galled as never before. Even his narrow arbitrary nature was impressed with the truth that agreat change was taking place; thata pro clamation issued hundreds of miles away was more potent than his heavy haud. He was as incapable of any policy other thau force as was his employer of abandoning the grooves in which his thoughts had always run. The worrisome afternoon finally ended, leaving the harassed man fr«jg to seek con solation from his jug. Mv. Baron relapsed into lu's ijuict yet bitter mental protest. *' Ole miss'' maintained inexorable discipline over the yard and house slaves, keeping all busy in removing every stain and trace of the hospital, fcshe governed by fear also, but it was the fear which a resolute, indomitable will pioiluces in weaker nature.-;. M;s. Waldo already fell uncomfortable. There was no lack of outward courtesy, but the two women liad so little in common that theie was almost a total absence of sympathy between them. The guests through the fortune of war ri solved therefore to depart in a day or two, making the journey home by easy stages. Mrs. WhaUjly was l»th polite and cordial, but she- alto felt that the family should be alone as soon as possible, that they were facing prob lems which could better be solved without wit nesses. It was her hope now to nurse her charge ba-jk to health and by the utmost exorcise of iaet gain such an asuendem-y over the girl as to win her couioletely. Granting thai '.In: matron's effort was part of a scheme, it was oue prompted by deep affection, a yean iuj* touil] her niece daughter and to pro vide lor the idolised son just the kind of wife Leliovtd to be essential to iiis welfare. Much i;oHdoiiiig on the matter led iier to bulieve that t.-vtn if the tidings of Seville's death had been the cause of tho final prostrating shock, ir w;s but the. slight blow inquired to strike ilouii one alrc-aoy feeble aud tottering to her fiill. 'He probably aiado a strong but neces sarily a passing impvw-siiuu on the dear child's niimi,' she reasoned. ' When slu- gets well she- will thiiik of hini only as s.iie does of the oilier Union soklk-i- who iu inti-wstcd her.'' Tho object of this solicitude was docih- and quiet, taking what was uivt-n her, but evi ci- ntly e.\hai!sito biyoiid the) 'in or of thought or voiuntaiy action. The liiglit pusml apparently without inii -'-- it. h\\.t il v.as ;- busy -m«- for Chunk. He «jii:ii !-v\i!-n:oi!i-il .hiti' :'.v.d I'.is other confede '.;-,?.- ~ to a to st in tiitr g-.-ovf to iniptvs.s tht-ia j with his plans. It was part of hi- scheme- to I permit a few night to pa-s quietly =o that di* | tnrbances would not be associated with him. he being- supposed far away. In the depths of the adjacent forest he liaJ found safe shelter for himgelf and horse, and here, like ;» beast iu its lair, lit- slept by day. The dark ness was as light to him about' the familiar plantation, and he prowled aroiiud at night iinrBolesu-d. During thig'seond rceetiji^ he attempted little more than to argue his dusky a^ociates out of their innate fear of .spooks and to urge j upon theirs {patience in submirting to IVrkins's I rule a little- longer. 'I -ies tell.' yo-y,' ko ; declared, '-feyain' no spooks fer us! E-ere?s j spooks on'y fei d«m w'at kills folks on de sly- j like. Ef ole Perkins come rarin' eu tarin' \v!& ! his gun en dawg, I de.s kill :itn ex. 1 wud a ! rattler en he kyant bodddr me no mo' : bub of I I ftea] on 'ini now en kill :im in he sleep he ghos pester n.e t-c-r daith. Dat de conslouiera tion ob dc hull business. I doan ax you ter do anything but he'p me skeer 'iin m&st;': tur daith. He watchin' lak a ole fox ter ke'p you en Zany yere. Ef you put? out, he riz de kc-ntry eii put de iioun's arter yon. We des got ter skeer :im off fust. Fni studyin' how ter git dat dawgout'n de way. Des go on quiet few mo' j days en ef you year quar noises up on de hill whar the sogws buv'ed you know hit me. Look skeered lak de oders, but doan be fear'd eu keep mum.' j The next few days and nights passed in quiet and all began to breathe more freely. Kven Aun' Jin key rallied under the soothing in fluence of her pipe and the privilege of watch ing part of each day with Miss Lou. Slowly the girl began to grow better. Hoping not | even for tolerance of her feelings in regard to ! Scoville, it was her instinct to conceal them j from her relatives. She knew Mrs. Waldo j would not reveal what Ann' Jinkey had told j her. and understood the peculiar tenderness | with which that lady often kissed her. She I also guessed that while the staunch Southern | fric-nd liad deep sympathy for her there was i not very strong regret that the affair had ended ! in a way to preclude further complications. i 'Remember, my dear,' said Mrs. Waldo in ] her affectionate parting, 'that God never j utterly impovorislic-s our lives. Only wr- oar- I sclv.-s can do that. You will get wvll au-l ' becr.me happy in making others happy/' I On _t-he evening of that day even Mr. j Baron's routine was oomplt-teiy restored. | His larder was meagre compared with tlio ! past, but with the exception that Mrs. | Whately occupied the place of his niece at the table, and viands were fewer, all was as it had been. Zany's fears had subsided, leaving her inwardly c-hafmg at the prospect j of monotonous and indefinite years of work under 'ole miss.' v.ith little chance of Chunk's return. Aun' Suke's taste of free dom had not been to her mind, so she was ' rather complacent than otherwise, aud es- | peeiaUy over the fact that there was so little to cook. The garden and Mr. Baron's good credit would insure enough plain food till ] the crops matured and the impovetislunent j caused by the raid was repaired. It cer taiuly seemed when the sun set that even ing that the present asoeefc of affairs might be maintained indefinitely in the little com munity. Only one was not exactly at rest. Perkins felt as if something was in the air. There was a brooding, sulleu quiet among the negroes, which led him to suspr-et that they were wait ing and hoping for something unknown to him. This w-as true of Uncle Lusthah and the majority. The eraek of Union rifle1; was the ' eoun' f 'urn far away' they were listening for. By secret channels of communication tidings of distant battles were conveyed from plantation to plantation, and the slaves were often better informed than their masters. As for Perkins, he knew next to nothing of what was taking j place, nor did he dream that he was daily j addressing harsh -words to conspirators against j his peace. ! The time had come when Chunk was ready i to act. On the night iu question a hot wind i arose which blew from the little burial-place | on the hill towards the house. ' Hi '. now's j de charnee ter fix dat ar bizness '.'' and he j made his preparations. Shortly before mid- | night he crept like a eat under the overseer's : window. The heavy snoring rose aud fell re- j assuringly, sweet as music to Chunk's ears. ! Not so the angry, restless growling of the \ savage bloodhound chained within. 'But you doan koteh me dis yere time fer all yer fuss, Marae (irip,' the negro muttered. 'I done hab yer brekfus' ready fer yer ! Dat'H settle yer hash,' and v.ith deft hand a piece of poisoned meat was. tossed close to the i brute's feet as Chunk hastened away. -Tute , was next wakened and put on the watch. An j hour later tliere came from the soldiers' ceme tery the most doleful, unearthly sounds imaginable. 3N'o need for Jute and his con federates to arouse the other negi-oes iu tlie quarters. A huddled frightened g.mg soou collected, Ann' Jinkey among them so scared slie could not sr*-ak. 'Marse Pwkins ought to know 'bout dis,' j cried Jute. j The suggestion was enough. The whole terror-stricken throng rushed in a body to the overseer's c-ottage and began calling and shriek ing, ' Come out yere ! come out yere I' Con fused in his sudden waking and thinking- he was mobbed, he shouted through the window, 'I'll shoot a dozen of yer if ver dou't clar out.' 'Maree Perkins, des you lis'n,'rose in i chorus from those far beyond the fear of mortal weapons. In the silence that followed the rus.hing wind bore down to them a weird, dismal howl that in Perkins's ears meS every ghostly require ment. His teeth began to chatter like casti nets and snatching his jug of corn whisky lie j swallowed great draughts. j 'We des tink you orter know 'bout dis,'' i said Jute. _ | 'Ccrt'ny,' cried Perkins in his sudden flame ? of false courage. 'I'll light a lantern and j take twenty o' you hands round that place. Ef thar's a cuss yonder makiu' this 'sturbauce we'll rcast 'iin alive.' j In a moment or two he dresssed and came i out with a light and his gun. Two revolvers i were also stuck in Iiis belt. As he appeared on 1 the threshold there was a prolonged yell which j curdled even his inflamed blood and sent some of the negro women into hysterics. 'Come on,' shouted the overseer hoarsely, ? ' thirty of yer ef yer afraid/' j The crowd fell back. ' We am' gwine ter ! dat ar spook pla.ee, no mattah w'at vou do to us.' ' | 'Perkins, what in the matter V' Mr. Baron ' was shouting from the house. I ' Reckon you better come out yere, sir.'' j ' Are the hands making trouble ?' j ' No, sir ; sump'n quar's gwine on what we kyant mek out yit.'' t Mr. Baron, wrapped in his dressing-gown, j soon appeared on the scene, while Ami' Luke's j domain contributed its quota also of agitated ? half-dressed forms. Chunk could not resist ] the temptation to be a witne s to the scene and j in a copse near by was grinning with silent laughter at his success. j After learning what had occurred Mr. Baron : .scoffed at their superstitions, sternly bidding all j to go to their places aud keep quiet. 'Perkins, j you've been drinking beyond reason,' he i warned . his overseer in a low voice. ' Get back to your room quick or you will be tho ! laughing stock of eyeryl-ody '. See here, you ' people, you have simply got into a panic over ! the howling of the wind, which happens to blow down from the graveyard to-night/' j ' Neber yeax-ed de win' howl dataway befo',' the negroes answered, as in amass tliey drifted 1 -ack to the quarters. Perkius was not ouly aware of his condition, but was only too glad to have so good au excuse for not searching the cemetery-. Scarcely had he been left alone, however, before he followed the negroes, re-solved upon companionship of even thoso in whom he denied a humanity like his own. In the darkness Chunk found an opportunity to summon Jute aside and say, '' i'ree er fo' ob you offer to stay wid ole Peikiiis. Thet he'p me out/' Perkins accepted the offer gladly, aud they agreed to watch at his door and in the little hall-way. You nius' des tie up dat ar dawg --1- yourn,' first stipulated -lute. ' Wliy, whav in ? is the dug': Hain't yeaid a sound from 'im senee the 'sturbance begun.'' 'Pawgs kyant s.lau' spooks nohow/' iv niaikcd .lute. ' I've yeared that.' admitted Perkins look ing aioi'.nd for the animaL ?' Thar he is, un'er yo' baid.'' said -Juti.-, pepping through the doorway. The miserable man's hair fairly stood up when the brute was discovered stark aud dead without :i scratch upon him. Recourse was again had to tho jug- and oblivion so;-u fol low ed. C-lUVTKtt XXXV. A YlMT.Wl'iN. There was no more sleep at the quart'-rs that night, aud never was the dawn more welcome. It on|5' brought a respite, however, for the im pression was fixed that the place was haunted. There was a settled aspect of gloom and iiiiNiety on every dusky face in the morn ing. Mr. Baron found his overseer incapaci tated for duty, but the hands were rather anxious to go to work and icidily obeyed his ordeis to do so. The;.' china: tn all that was familial' :md cvery-day-like, while their fears and troubled consciences spmre-l them to tusks which they felt might he a sort of pronitiation to the mysterious powers abroad. Zany w is was now soriy indeed that she ha-\ not guiif with CHink, and pi*--i- Ann' Jiiikey soshoi-!c and trenibled all day that Mrs. Whately would not let her watch by Miss L;m. Knowing much of nejiro superstitious she belk-v.-rt. with iicr brother ami Mis. Baron, that tht graves on the pV.ce, tugetliei- with smiie natural yet Litusi-::;! £'««ids, ha-l started a »Hiiic which would soon die out. Whai at last l'eikius. shaky and nc-rvmu, ? reported the mysterious death iif Iiis dug. Mr. lkron -.\:.s pc-ipk-xen, but i:o:i.iiu more. I 'You uert: in no condition to give a I sav.u ac-c-ov.ut of .-inyt'iinpr that happcHi'd Ir-st l'.'ght,' he said cui-tiy.' '' P. ? c.wvfii! iu t-iO fVitu'c. If you will ou!y '?«:? sr.-r.^iWe a'j.mt; it, t!ij.- ridi-uloirf w.re vili be t-3 wur ad -&*i- tage, lor the h-mjs ar._- .suiidue.l «rirjuKij ti -yr and frigiiten.i-d snto th~;t- duty.' Perkins leiuainrf pilent. Jn truth, lie W-» more frightened than anyone: -l^e, fur the d-*ci* of ha- dog appeared to HBtsfle him oi:t s« a special object of ghostly hostility. He e..5 through the- day as we!! as he could, l~'iz dreaded the- coining night all the uior-*a.= 'j:-- saw eyes directed towards him, naif he. in nwijh way,' were the cause of the ;?upcrnittu!-al visita tion. Tliis belief wasdue to tiss fact tho.t A'-;i* Jinkey in her terror had spoken of Sc--vi!uC death, although the would not tei! iioiv sii knew about it. ' Perkius .-hoot nt eu try ter U.'d Mars;e Scoville,' she had whispered r-j ;:~i cronies, 'en now he daid he sjXKifc couiiu' --.iv ter hsmt the obfciv-tf r. We nei.»dr i:o,h do -ii:i.-r- nights till dat ar Perkins go way fer g«,A. _ This rational explanation passed fsroni iii« r,# lip and was genemlly accepted.' Tilt co.-utiiir ni-dit was looked fot'ivanl to in deep ajvprehea' siuii, '.nd »?-? none ircore than by Perkins, iiidee-1. «is fi-8i- s-.i got the better of him that when thn 1-nniis qr.it work lie sta«e-l for the nearest tav-un and there- remained till morning:. Chunk was made f.ware i.f this fact aiid tin- night parsed in a » solute quiet. All the negroes suit in the secret now hoped that the - iverscci- w:i« the sale prey of the 6[ji!ok. and if they remained quietly in their places they would be iui molested. Chunk aud a few of the boldest .»f Iiis fellow conspirators 1ml full scope therefor* to perfect their final ai-Lungeiucnts. In a disused room of one of the outbuildings ti:^ most ragged and blood-staim*l uniforms of tii' Union soldiers had been cast and forgotten. These were carried to a point near the burying ground, tried on, and concealed. Chunk fo:;u:i it was no easy task to keep even the reckless fellows he had picked up to the sticking point of courage in the gruesome tusks he had iii view, but bis scoff, together with their mutual aid and comfort, carried them through, wuilr: the hope of speedy freedom-inspired them &- what was felt to be great risks. On this oeeasiou he dismissed them some little time before midnight, for he wished them to get rested and in good condition for what he hoped would be the final effort the following uight. As he lingered in the .still starlit darkness he eould not resist making aii effort to see Zany, and so began hooting' lik« an owl down by the run, gradually approach ing nearer till he reached the garden. Zany, wakeful and shivering with nameless dread, was startled by the sound. Listening intently she soon believed she detected a note that to, Chunk's and not a bird's. Her first impv* sion was that her lover had discovered that he could not go finally away without her and ??- had returned. Her fear of spooks was so greab that her impulse was to run away with Chunk as far from that haunted plantation as h« would take her. Trembling like a wind shaken leaf, she stole into the garden shrubbery and whispered, ' Chunk I' 'Hi .' yere I is/' There was no tantalising coquetry in Zany'.-; manner now. In a moment sue was in Chunks arms sobbing, ' Tek me way off fum dis place. I go wid you now, dis berry minute, en I neber breve easy till we way, way off envwhar, I doan keer whor. Oh, Chunk, you doaii know w'at been gwine on en I darsn't tell you t wti we gits way off.' 'I isn't feared,' replied Chunk easily. 'Dat's kaze you doan know. I des been, tremblhv atiddy sence las' night en I'se feait-I hit begin eny minute now.'. 'Hit woan begin dis yere night.' replied Chunk soothing and incautiously. 'How you know?' she asked quickly, :i sudden suspicion entering her mind. ' W'at's ter begin 'C answered Chunk, now on his guard. 'De night am still, nobody rouu'. I hang roun3 a few nights twel I stud' y out de lies' plan ter git away.' 'Has you been hangiu' roun' uiguts. Chunk ':' Zany asked solemnly. 'How you talks, Zany ! Does you spects I dar stay roun' whar Perkins am V He kill ujes. He done gone way to-night.' 'How you know dat?' 'One de fiel'-hans toleine.' 'Chunk, ef you up ter shines eu doau t-!^ me I done wid you. Hasn't I hep you out'n in everything so fur? Ef I fin' out you be»-u skeerin me so wid euy doin's I des done wid you. I das feel liit hi my bones you de spook. You kyant bamboozle me. I kin hep you— hab done hit afo' — en I kin hinder you. so be. keerfuL Dere's some dif unc-e in being a spook yosef eu bein' skeered ter death by a rale spook. Ef you ti-yiii' ter skeer en fool me I be wu-s on you ner eny Voodoo woman dat ever kua jured folks.' The interview ended in Chunk's making a clean breast of it and in securing Zauy aa ua ally with meutal reservations. The though: that he had fooled her rankled. M-r. Baron's expostulation and his own pressing interests induced Perkins to remai:: at home the following night. As Jute uj.-1 seemed forgiving and friendly, the ovt-J-.-eer asked him to bring two others and stay with him, offering some of the content? of t'a. replenished jug as a reward. They saNr? spectfully near the door while Perkins thrfeR himself on his bed with the intention of getting ' to sleep as soon as possible. 'Are you shorn ther wuz no 'sturbances last night?' he asked. ' Well, Marse Perkins,' replied Jute, ' you didn't 'spect we out lookin'. We wuz po'ful sleepy en roll we haids en er blankets en den 'fo' we kuowed hit sun-up. Folks say eu da quarters dat ar spook ain' arter us.' 'Who the devil is hit arter then?'' wj.s the angry response. 'How we lenow, tnars'r? We neber try ter kill enybody.' ' But I tell you I didn't kill him/' expos tulated their nervous victim. ' Didn't name no names, Marse Perkins. I on'y knows w'at I yeared follcs te!l 'bout spooks. Dey's mighty cur'us, spooks is. Dey des 'pear to git a spite agin some folks en de y am' bodderin oder folks long ez dey ain' 'feered wid. I 'spect a spook dat wuz 'feered wid jjtt he dander up eu slam roun' permiseus. I dei tek a ole bull by de horns fo' I 'fere wid a spook/' and Jute's companions grunted assent. ' What's the good o' yer bein' yere then I''' Perkins asked, taking a deep draught. 'Well now, Marse Perkins, you inus'u ba onreasonbuL W'at cud we do 1 We des riskiu' de wool ou we haids stayin' yere fer comp'ny. Ef de spook come spose he tink we no business yere eu des lay we out lak he kunjer yo' dawg ? We des tank you, Marse Perkins, fer anodei' lil drap ter kep we sperets out'n we sluxm/' and Jute shuddered portentiously. ' Well,' said Perkins, with atteaiptr I bravado, ' I ranimed apiece o' silver down on the bullet in my gun. 'Twix 'em both — '' 'Dar now, Marse Perkins, you des btrMi 'posed on :bout dat silber business. Ole Unc' Sampson w'at libed on de Simcoe place nigh ou er hun'erd yeahs dey say tole me lots 'bout a spcok dat boddered um w'en he a boy. Way back ole Marse .Simcoe shot at de man das hanker fer he darter. De man put out eu gee drownded, but dat doan make no difrenee. Uiic' Sampson say, kase ole Marse Simcoe do he bes' ter kill der man. He sorter hab kill in lie heart, eu Unc' Sampson low a. spook know w'at gwine on in er man's in'erds, en dey des goes fer de man dat wanter kill um on de sly en not dose dat kill in fa'r fight. Ole Unc' Sampson po'ful on spooks. He libed so long he get ter be sorter spook hesef, en dey say he talk ter um haf de time 'fo' he kiner des- snuf out'n lak a ean'L' ' He wuz a silly old fool,' growled Perkins, \ with a perceptible tumor in iiis voice. 'Spect he wuz 'bout some tings,' resum-4 ,:- .. ?-.-: Jute, 'but know spooks, he sutfny did. He say ole Marse Simeoe useter plug lead en silver right froo dat man dat want he darter, eu dar was de hole en de ljght shinin' froo hit. Buc de spook ain min'in' a lil ting lak dat, he de^ come on all de same snoopin' roun' arter de oit? man's darter. Den one mawnin' de old man lay stiff en daid in he baid, he eyes starin' open ez if he see sump'n he cudn't stau' no how. Dat wuz de las' ob dat are spook, Unc' Samp son say, en he say spook's cur'us dat away. Wen dey sats'fy dere grudge dey lets up en dey doan foller de man dey down on kaze dey on''y po'r in de place wliar de man 'lowed t*i kill um.' . Perkins took a mental note of this very im portant limitation of ghostly persecution^ aud resolved that if he had any more trouble all the * crops in the state would not keep him withiu. the haunted limit. He whiled away the time by aid of his juoc and Job-like comforters till it began to grow late and he drowsy. Suddenly Jute exclaimed — ' Hi ! Mars Perkins, w'at dat light danciii' ivp yon'er by de grabeyard ?' The overseer rose with a start, his hair rising1 also as he saw .'i fitful «jack-o'-lau tern gleam appearing and disappearing on the cemet*---\\- hill. As had been expected, he obeyed his im pulse, pom-ing down whisky until he speedily rendered himself utterly helpless; but while his intoxication disabled him physically it pio dv.etd for a time an excited and disordered i-ondition of iuind in which he was easily im posed upon. Jute shook him and adjured him to get up, saying—' I years quar souu's eoiniu' dis way.' When satisSf-d that their victim could nwk» no resistance Jute aud companions preteudei to start away in terror. Perkins tried. t-- implore them to remain, but his ]\p- sc*.-m~l paralysed. A few moments later a strang-. srroup entf- rc-d the c-ottage — five figures d«-s*-yj in Federal uniforms, hands and faces white and ahrtstly, and two carrying \yhite cavalry sabres. Kat-b one had its finger on its lips but Perkins was beyond speech. In unspeakable horror he stared vacantly before him and remained silent and motionless. The ghostly shapes looked at him tixedly for a brief time, then at one another, and solemnly nodded. TSext. foiu- took him up aud bore him out. t'.ie fiftn tallowing with the jug. At the door stood an immovably tall form, surmounted by a on.valiy l:at uiid. wrapped iu a long army ovei«-;\t. ' I.i-fttiuui! Si.-ovillc '.' gasped Perkins. Thi- figure, as if the joints of its Ivis-k \v-c~ mar the ground, wade a portentous iiic-liir.itifm of asK-ut. and then pointed with another whir ?.* sabie to the hill, leading the way. i'r-:-'~ci:i-i tried to Miout for help, but his tone;i;.- -*-ir-n«..\ powoSti-s. :is iii fat;, it was. i:t«u it-r.vr ,.:-..J liqr.i'i coiitl.iim-d. lie felt luiu.-eii cu-i-if'^ t--wift?y and, as »ie ?hc^gljt, «ru--j}y to some ti rvitle -S«rt:u At h\fft his fr-caw-rs s-top--«:. and lV.rKiiw srvv '.5ie n-ionnde of the Union d««d rising near. Kt i»cw renwaibeml in a confowHl way that ,-bp snore grew*1 had been dag than had proved »? i-essa.ry.~cnd he ntterwi a- low howl as !ie felt i.in:£tJl' Icwt-rwl ii?t«- it. Instantly the. tall Si: mi1 v. !iii;h apr-^rtd to dii---«.-t everything tl.n-ct«.ii-Ml lijij' \vith it pli-jstiy xi»-,re. and an istt*-i- »aii£ly-lJii «-l wwpi-akabl*: divad tell upon i.in. ' h\iv » tVw moiJKiiits th«v ail str-M around :-,jid pointed at him with vvtiU-- jrK«stly lingers, ft.« iA.-;adualiy r»».vded '-ifiril uutoi sight Attsr « '.niiv lVikms logins t.i i;«-t 1ms \oice, when suddenly hi- z..,i:u-i:t.h* .iuj--&r-;'d in terrible guise. Each -,vhit-\ gi-.tstly fctoe oti- lighted «p si* by a i«»igw of tj'.-e; itrrilile eyes ^'!.-are*d fwu; mid\s:vide-«:\\-ft-ned cavalry hats, iiiid a voice was hi-ard in a .-jepukainil whisper, ' 3sVx3 time we coi.;e ier you we miry you ! 3 ! At this instant came a flash of lightning, fol lowed by a tityuvndons clap of thunder. The -aws of the figures dropped, the burning splin ters of light-wood they carried dropping down into the jir«v« and on its half-lifeless occupant. '? The ghosts now disappeared finally; in fact, ; iMok to their heels, ail except Chunk, who fdiKd the jug, nodded thrice portentously at Perkins, and then retired also, not a little shaken in his nerves, Imt sufficiently self controlled to r.aiJy his panic-stricken fol lowers and g*t them to remove their dis guises before wrapping their heads in blankets Having removed and hidden a'l traces of the escapade he hooted for the alert Zany, who : had been t«-ml-ling on the watuh in spite of her knowing*- of what was going on. As she fled with Chunk bvftire the coming storm she | gasped U-t\v*t-n th« gusts, '1 deeLir, Chuak, : wvch dom's? g\vin« u-r f.i-'i'^ - j'id^.-Ji^it. j Even Chunk inr-Jined i*j ihi* view for .-; tr.ne, , :=s thi- iiffiitnintr S-::»-.c3 f«ui- sky to einh si-id ; ihe th:i»d«r rra'-ked i'.nd loam* «ivei-iu.-ad. liie ifiin f*at«i ;« su--ii t«-rre.-:its that he fetred lJ«-rk;ii8 -«!£-?« i*drow«K.-d in tho gr.ive wh*re ' S.tr huti l»- ti ' plnv-wi. A-sfor AmrJinkey, she ytarfd at her in7»--:pe'M*d vis=!«rs in speechless {??-iplf-xity j'lvi trr-ov until t-!« fnry --f the i-rr.ix st had pi^M! and their voie-js cwld be luard. (Tolccoirft'jw'-trf.; ; 