CHAPTER VI. THE LEGEND OE LUCßEZIA BORGIA. I arrived before the house. It bore--r unlucky omen-the number 13. Moreover, it hardly answered to., the. idea I had formed of it over night. It was not. by any means a palace. I saw an enclosure the walls of which were blackened by time, and covered with moss. ¡Over the back of this passed the straggling branches of some neglected fruit-trees. In the corner of. the enclosure stood a kind of pavilion, only one storey high, having two windows towards the street, both closed by old shutters, with heavy bars of iron on the outside. The doorway was low, and was surmounted by a time-worn and effaced escutcheon. It was, as on the previous evéning, fastened by a great padlock attached to a chain. Upon this door was written in chalk : * This house to be let or sold.' Notwithstanding this, I was not deceived. On this side of the street the houses were so few that all mistake was impossible. It was certainly the padlock I had seen ; and, what was more, two rose leaves on the pavement near the door showed the exact place where I had received the mute declaration of my beloved one, and also indicated that the ! sweeping of the f front of her resi- dence was not very rigidly seen to. I asked some poor men who ap- peared to belong to the neighbour- hood where the person .charged with the keeping of this mysterious house might hap- pen to live. ' > «Not h ere ! ' answered one of them, curtly. It appeared that my question was offensive to those whom I addressed, which aroused my curiosity still more. Going from door to door I at last discovered a kind of dark cellar, where an old woman was seated, whom one might have suspected of witchcraft, for she had near her à black cat, and was cooking some strange mixture in a cauldron.. * You want to see the house of Madame Lucrezia?' said, she., «It is I that keep1 the key.' * Well, then, show,me the house,', said I. * Do you want to rent it ? ' queried she, smiling with an »ir of doubt. * Yes, if it. suits me.'; > . 'It will not suit you. But, look.here, will you give me a paul if I show it you ? ' * Willingly.' Upon this assurance she rose from her stool, took down a very rusty key from the wall, and led the way to No. 13. f Why,' said I, ' do they call this Madame Lucrezia's house ? ' ' Why,' she replied, ' do they call you a foreigner? Because yuu are a foreigner, I, suppose ? ' Very good ; but who was this Madame Lucrezia ; was she a Roman lady ? ' 1 What 1 You have come to Home and you have not heard of Madame Lucrezia. When we areJ inside I will tell you her story. But here is some more devilry 1' I don't know what's got the key, it will not turn. Try yourself.' As a matter of fact, the key and the pad- lock did not seem to have made one another's acquaintance for a long time. However, after a great deal of exer- tion, I succeeded in making the ,key turn, but tore my yellow gloves, and almost dislocated my hand. The door opened into a dark passage which gave access to several low-roofed rooms. ,The curiously panelled ceilings were covered with spiders' webs, through which: some.traces of gilding were with difficulty discernable. From the damp smell of all the rooms it was. evident that they had not been inhabited for a long time. There .was not a single piece of furniture to be seen.. Some fragments of old leather hung .from the mouldy walls. Judging by the carving of the chimney-pieces and the style of some pedestals, the place appeared to date from the fifteenth century, and to have been .formerly decorated with some elegance. The windows-set with little diamond-shaped panes, mostly broken looked upon the garden, where I perceived a rose tree in flower, some fruit trees, and a quantity of broccoli. r After having inspected all the rooms of the ground floor, I ascended to the upper one, where I had seen my unknown. The old woman wished to stop me, saying that there was nothing to see, and that the .staircase was in very ba d repair. Perceiving I was determined, however, she followed me, but with marked repugnance. The rooms on this floor were very like those on the other j but they were much less damp. The boarding and the windows were also in a much better state. In the last room I entered there was a large arm- chair bf black leather, which, strange to say, was not covered with dust. I took my seat in it, and, thinking that this afforded a favourable chance of hearing the story of thé house and its" foimer occupant, I asked the old woman to tell me about Madame Lucrezia. First, however", in order to refresh her memory, I gave her a few pauls. She coughed, cleared her throat, and began something like this : ' In the time of the Pagans, when Alex- ander was Emperor, he had a daughter beautiful as the day, who was called Madame Lucrezia. Stop, there she is ! ' _~I-turned-quickly arid saw that the old lady was pointing to a pillar in the room on which was the coarsely sculptured form of a siren. * Ah,' continued the narrator, * she loved to amuse herself, and so that her father might not know and reproach her with what she did, she caused this house, in -which we are, to be built. ' Every night she used to leave the Quirinal and come. here. She would sit at the window» and when she saw a handsome young fellow like you pass, she .would beckon him up. But men are babblers, at least some of them, and might have injured her by their chatter. She took good means to prevent that. When she had said good-bye to a lover, her bravos seized him on the staircase, up which we have just come. They des- patched him and then buried him in those broccoli beds. The bones have been found in this garden. , , <" * This went on for some time. But one evening her brother, who was called Sextus Tarquin, passed under the window, and, not recognising him, sjie beckoned him in. In the night all cats are gray, and he was murdered by the ruffians in her employ. Too late ahè found the handkerchief, on which her brother's name was embroidered. She saw what had been done, and was seized with remorse. She took off her garter and hanged herself to that beam. What a warning to young people !' Whilst the old woman was thus mixing up all periods of history, and confusing the Tarquins with the Borgias, I had my eyes fixed upon the floor. : I; saw there some still fresh rose leaves, and these set me wondering. * Who sees to this garden ? ' I asked the . old woman. . .' My son, sir-the gardener to Signor Vanozzi, next door. Signor Vanozzi is always in the Marena ma ; he hardly ever comes to Borne. That is why the garden is not well kept. My son is with him. I am very much afraid they will be a long time away,'she added,1 sighing. ' Then he is very busy with Signor Vanozzi? ' ' Ah! he is a queer kind of man, and busies himself about all kinds of things. . . . I fear that he will get into trouble. .. . !. My poor son.' She made a step towards the door, as though to close the conversation ' No one lives here then ?'. I said, check- ing her. * No one in the world.' * And why is that ? ' She shrugged her shoulders. ' Listen ! ' said I, giving her a piastre ; ' tell me the truth. There is. a woman who comes here.' ^ ' A woman, blessed Lord 1 ' ' Yes, I saw her yesterday evening. I spoke to her.' i Holy Virgin!': cried the old woman, rushing toward the staircase. '.It was Madame Lucrezia. Let us go, let us go, good gentleman 1 They told me that she came here in the night, but I did not wish to say so to. you for the. sake of the land- lord, because I thought you wished to take ; the place.' It was impossible to make her stay ; she rushed from the house, going, she said, to offer a taper at the nearest church. It is unnecessary to say that I did not tell the story of my proceedings at the Aldobrandi Palace. The Marquise was too prudish, and Don Ottavio too much occupied with politics to he a good adviser; in a love affair. I went to look up my painter friend, ' who knew all the ins and outs of Rome, and I asked him what, he thought, «I think,' said he, 'that you have, seen the ghost of Lucrezia Borgia. What a peril you have incurred. She was so dangerous when she was alive that you have only to imagine what she must be now she is dead. It makes me shudder.-' * Joking apart, what can it all mean ? ' « Your question . shows that you are sceptical as to the most respectable traditions. Very well then, what do you say to another hypothesis. Suppose that the old lady whom you interviewed lets her house to women who are so badly behaved as to beckon to men in the street. There have been old persons sufficiently depraved to countenance goings on of that sort.' * Quite so,' I said ; 4 but then do I look so like a saint that the old woman could not reveal what she did to me ? And then consider the miserable furniture of the place.' ' Well then, it was a ghost, there is no more doubt about it. But stay ! here is another guess. You mistook the house. By jove! now I think of it! Near a garden ! A little, low doorway ! It must have been my old model Rosina. Eighteen months ago she was the ornament of that particular street. It is true that she has lost an eye, but that is a detail. She has still a very fine profile.' 