THE BIBLE IN STATE SCHOOLS. [oolanstauseED. The Rev. A. Hutchison preached a sermon in the North Ipswich Wesleyan Church, on Sunday night last, advocating the introduction of Bible reading in State schools. Taking for his test Deuteronomy vi. chapter,7-9 verses -" And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of t?em when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up. And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes. And thou shalt write them on the posts of thine house, and on thy gates"-the rever end gentlemen introduced the subject by stat ing the case as it now stood. The present Act did not allow any reference to religion in con nection with the school routine. There was nothing whatever to indicate to the children that there was any God, any Saviour, any Holy Ghost, any moral law; and, if the pre sent condition of things was to continue, there was no means of many of the young learning anything about morals or religion. In New South Wales the Act provided for theteaching of the Irish National School lessons; and, in addition to the State teachers imparting lessons from these, each minister of every denomina tion could go to the schools for one hour every day, in achoo' hours, and teach anything he cared to tile children of his own deniomination, and toany others whose parents were willing for them to avail themselves of the privilege. As this Act worked very well in that colony, the preacher did not see why a similarAct could not be worked well here. He failed tot see how the spirit of the text could be carried out if the State refused to allow Bible truth to form a part of the ordinary curriculum. It was not necessary to carry out the command in a literal way, although the Pharisees so read it; but it was surely iecumbent on the State to carry out the spirit of such commands as those contained in the text, seeing that God gave themn as much to the State as to the sudividual. There were not wanting signs in the times to indicate the great needs-be to saturate the national mind with the morality of the Bible. Much godlessness existed on every hand ; property was not sacred; human life, and human virtue were not sacred There was a spirit of avarice abroad, and thousands lived as though drinking the fill of pleasure was the chief end of man. And there was no panacea to all the ills and wrongs of societyeo cept the gospel of Jesus Christ. Anything lss than the reforms which Christ proclaimed must be impotentin regenerating society. Then the question naturally arose, "How can we teach the Bible to the young ?" There were several answers that would be given to this. Some would say " Let the parents teach their children." But it was necessary to take things as we found them; and in this connection it could not be denied that some, at least, could not teach, as they could not read. Others again (and not a few), did not teach their children. Some again would say, "Let the Church do the work through the Sabbath schools." But here again, the fact must be forced that hundreds were not in the Sabbath schools, and many more were quite out of the reach of that institution, so that unless itiner ating Sabbath-school teachers could be found, many must remain ignorant of the Word of God. A third class might say, "Let the ministers teach the Bible after school hours." Bnt here again it was quite impossible to carry out the suggestion. In many of the districts it would to e ten days to go the rounds of the schools, taking one a day, so that in many cases a minister would be doing nothing else. And even then many would not come within the reach of his operations. Hence it seemed that there was no practical course open but to place the Bible, or portions of the Bible, in the list of reading books in the State Schools, so that a I might know what was there written. The reverend gentleman said he knew tilers were objections to this that would likely be urged. Some would contend that the State school teachers were not fitted to teuch tile Bible. But thle same thing might be urged against many of the Sunday school teachers. For his part, however, hlie was quite content to let tile Word of God do its own work, and as he did not ask that the Bible should be taught but read, there was no force in the objection. It did not need anyone to explain hundreds of passages in the inspired book. The English Bible was ieantifol in its simplicity, and was its ownt hoet interpreter Othlers, howevrer, objected to the matter in the interests of the Roman Catholic and freethinking portion of the commuonity. With regard to the former thlere was no nieed to say much because most of the Ruoman Catholic children were to be found in schools of their own church. And as for tile oilther class, we were a Christian ination and our laws are based on the Bibile and lence we ought not to lower the standard hecacusae some elected to say they did not believe in the Word of Godl. Others, on the other hand, urged that there was a dalger that sny such agitation would tenl to destroy, the Act alto gether But to his (thepreachero mind, there was nmore langer that an irreligiousn Act would come to grief, tlhan that any he1ars should accrue through the perfecting of the eliucation of the young. He urged in conclusion lawful and hearty agitation on this IImatter; and pressed upnn the congregation the important duty of persoenally obeying the spllt of thb tenxt in relation to their daily, public, ard private life, 