MELBOURNE ITEMS. (From our Correspondent.) The mistake that is made by paying Members of Parliament for their ser vices becomes apparent now and again. The payment system is responsible for the existence of the “ professional poli tician,” who, not unfreqnently, makes politics a trade after he has failed in every other calling. In America the political business has been brought to a high state of perfection. The rate of pay is abont the same as ours, but the advantages of the position are greater. Thus: I have heard of a man who was returned for a rural district. He had a “ nominal ” lodging over a barber’s shop ; that is to say his letters -were addressed there. He also, for a trifling consideration, was allowed to store a shabby portmanteau, and wash himself and change his linen upon the same premises. He took his meals at a cheap eating house, and instead of a bed he slept upon his '* railway pass,” and slept very well too, in this way— When released from his public duties he would saunter to the railway station enter the sleeping car of a train about to travel a certain distance, and tleep. He would then return in anothar train and have another sleep ; then the bar ber’s shop and eating house set him up for the day. We are not so bad as that in Vic toria, but still the monthly cheque for L25 is a bait attractive enough to in duce many men to eschew hard work, and live upon the contributions of tax- payers, without contributing in return the value of a single farthing in Legislative ability. Electors should ' look to this, and when called upon to return members to the next Parliament should look more to performances than to promises. Even amongst the men who belong to a higher grade in the profession of politics, and who are not dependent for subsistence upon the monthly stipend, a strict watch should be kept; for it is clear that self-interest, or an ambition that has nothing to do with patriotism, may sometimes lead them astray. How else are we to acconnt for the line of action that Mr Deakin has -pursued during the past week? Clearly his votes and his speeches were intended for effect outside, and not inside the House. The subject under discussion was Federation, but the question too | palpably present to the ex- Chief Secre tary’s mind was the probable state of . I parties at the polling booths sometime next year. The hon. gentleman is j keeping his weather eye open, and ie calculating his chances of snatching a Premier’s portfolio out of the general scramble for power, place, pay and | patronage. His late colleague has not the ghost of a chance, and knows it. The present head of the Government is doing nothing to justify his being sent back from the country at the head of a strong party. And there is the possibilities of the labor vote to be reckoned with. These factors have not escaped Mr Deakin’s attention. His late sgeech in the House is not taken too seriously. He was not talk ing to the hon. members, but to the people outside. He wants votes, and to obtain them and a following, he is willing to regulate Federation and all the benefits it would confer to the nether regions if necessary. Alfred should be looked after; he is too flighty for a Premier. Spiritualism is more in his line. To the student of human nature the proceedings of the Marine Board are full of genuine interest as well as end less entertainment, for we have already pronounced this body when ia meeting assembled, one of the best variety shows going. On Friday, Gaunson made a long speech full of virtue and fair play and conclueed by assuring his brother members that until they excluded the Press from their meetings (with all due deference to the gentlemen present) the work of the Board would never be properly conducted. Quite a chorus of “ hear, hear ” greeted bills remark, even the gentle Reid going so far as to say “ Amen ” to the Gaunsonian prayer. Later on something else was under consideration, when it proposed that the matter should be considered in private. The very suggestion of closed doors and a muzzled Press brought H. R. Reid to his feet at once to assure the meeting that he would not be a party to any contract. Gaunson virtu ously condemned the practice of mak ing speeches for the reporters, a senti ment which was heartily re-echoed by his brother members, who wore de lighted to find that David’s conscience was beginning to trouble him. Ho man speaks more persistently to the gallery than Gaunson himself. When the Attorney-Goneral took his seat in the House the other after noon a letter was placed in his hands and his brow furrowed visibly on read ing it. The handwriting was that of Marshall Lyle, and had of late been familiar to the political head of the Law Department. “ I beg to remind you that under present circumstances I am running my business more as a charitable institution than a source of profit.” This was how it opened and there was a ring of pathos in the thing that wrung Shiels’ heart, if a lawyer with a reputation for divorce bills can be said to have anv heart to speak of. Lyle’s tale was extremely pitiful. First he spoke of Twist; he had spent £75 in solid cash in defending that alleged fire-raiser, but all he had re ceived in return, was abuse and tha offer of a fee of seven guineas. He had defended Oolston as no murderer had ever before been defended; the job cost him a clear £50 out of his own pocket, yet sill the department would allow was a tenth of the amount. Both he metephorically flung in the teeth of the Attorney-General. He was re solved that it should never be said of him that he had defended a life for seven guineas. 