CHAPTER II. THE NIGHT OF DREAD. Ike feast dragged slowly on, for fear was of the company. The men and women were silent, and when they drank it was as if one had poured a little oil on the 'dying fire. Life named up in them for a moment, their laughter came like the crackling of thorns, and then they were silent again. Meanwhile the Wan derer drank little, waiting to see what should come. But the Queen was watching him whom already her heart desired, and she only of all the company had pleasure in this ban quet. Suddenly a side door opened behind the dais, there was a stir in the hall, each guest turning his head fearfully, for all expected some evil tidings. But it was only the entrance of those who bear about in the feasts of Egypt an effigy of the dead, the likeness of a mummy carved in wood, and who cry, " Drink, O King, and be glad, thou shalt soon be even as he! Drink, and be glad." The Btiif, swathed figure, with its folded hands and gilded face, was brought before th King, ana Meneptah who had sat long in sullen brooding silence, started when he looked on it. Then he broke into an angry laugh. "Wo have little need of thee to-night," he cried, as he saluted the symbol of Osiris. "Death is near enough, we want not thy silent preaching. Death, Death is near!" He fell back in his gilded chair, and let the oup drop from his hand, gnawing his beard. "Art thou 'a man?" spoke Meriamun, in a low clear voice; are you men and yet afraid of Is it < what comes to all ? Is it only to-night that we first hear the name of Death ? Remember the great Men-kau-ra, remember the old Pharaoh who built the (Pyramid of Hir. He wok just and kind, and he feared the gods, and for his reward they showed him Death, coming on him in six short years. Did he scowl and tremble, like all of you to-night, who are scared by the threats of slaves? Nay, he outwitted the gods; he made night into . day; he lived ont twice his years with revel . and love and wine in the lamp-lit groves of per sea trees. Come, my guest, let us be merry, if it he but for an hour. Drink, and be brave!" "For once thou speakest well," said the King." Drink and forget. The Gods who give Death give wine, and his angry eyes ranged through the hall to seek some occasion of mirth and scorn. "Thou, Wanderer?" he said suddenly. " Thou drinkest not. I have watched thee as the cujis go round, what man, thou camesb from the North, the sun of thy pale land has not heat enough to foster the vine. Thou icemest cold, and a drinker of water. Why . wilt thou be oold before thine hour? Come, pledge me in the red wine of Khem. Bring 1 forth the oup of Pasht!" he crisd to them who waited, "bring forth the cup of Pasht; the 1 King drinks!" ' • ' Then the chief butler of Pharaoh went to the treasure-house, and came again, bearing a huge golden cup, fashioned in the form of a lion's head, ana holding twelve measures of wine. It was an ancient cup, sacred to Pasht, and a gift of the Rutennu to Thothmes, the greatest of that name. "Fill it full of unmixed wine?" cried the King. " Dost thou grow pale at the sight of the cup, thou Wanderer from the North ? I pledge thee, pledge thou me 1" "Nay, King," said the Wanderer, "I have tasted wine of Ismarus before to-day, and I have drunk with a wild host, the Man Eater!" For his heart was angered by the King and ho forgot his wisdom, but the Queen marked tho saying. "Then pledge me in the oup of Pasht!" quoth the King. " I pray thee, pardon me," said the Wan derer, "for wine makes wise men foolish and strong men weak, and to-night methinks we shall need our wits and our strength." "Craven!" cried the King, "giveme the bowl. I drink to thy better courage, Wan derer," and lifting the great golden cup, ho stood up and drank it, and then dropped staggering into his chair. Ilia head falling on hie breast. "I may not refuse a King's challenge, though contend with our hosts, said tho it is ill to Wanderer, turning somewhat pale, for he was n anger. " Give me the bowl! ' He took the cup, and held it high; then pour ing a little forth to his gods, he said in a clear voice, for he was stirred to anger beyond his wont, "I drink to the Strangle Hothor!" He spoke and drained the mighty cup, and set it down on the board, and even as he laid down the cup, and as the Queen looked at him with eyes of wrath, there came from the Bow beside his seat a faint, shrill sound, a ringing and a singing of the Bow, a noise of running strings, and a sound as of lushing arrows. The warrior heard it, and his eyes burned with the light of battle, for he well knew that the swift shafts should soon fly to the hearts of the doomed. Pharaoh awoke and heard it, and heard it the Lady Meriamun, the Queen, and she looked on the Wanderer astonisheil, and looked on the Bow that sang. "The minstrel's tale was true f This is none other but the Bow of Odysseus, the sacker of cities," said Meriamun. "Hearken thou, Epentue, thy great bow sings aloud. How comes it that thy bow sings?" "For this cause, Queen," said the Wanderer, "because birds gather on the Bridge of War. Soon shall shafts be flying and ghosts go down to doom. Summon thy guards, I bid, for foes are near." Terror conquered the drunkenness of Pharaoli; he bade the guards who stood behind his chair summon all their company. Thoy went forth, and a great hush fell again npon the Hall of Banquets, and upon those who sat at meat: therein. The silenoe grew deadly still, like air before the thunder, and menu hearts sank within them, and turned to water In their'breasts. Only Odysseus wondered and thought on the battle to be, though whence the foe might come he knew not, and Meriamun eat erect, in her ivory chair and looked down' the glorious hall. * Deeper grew the silence and deeper yet, and more and more the cloud of fear gathered in the hearts of men. Then suddenly through all the hall there was a rush like the rush of mighty wings. The deep foundations of the palace rooked, and to the sight of men the roof above seemed to burst asunder, and lo! above tbem, against the inky blackness of the eky, there swept a shape of fear, and the stars shone through its raiment. Then the roof closed in again, and for a moment's space once more there was silence, whilst men looked with white faces, each on each, and even the stout heart of the Wanderer stood still. Then suddenly all adown the hall, from this place and from that, men rose jup and with one great cry fell down dead, this one across the board, and that one on the floor. The Wan derer grasped his bow and counted. Prom among those who sat at meat twenty and one had fallen dead. Yet those who lived sat gazing emptily, for so strioken with fear were they that scarce did each one know if it was he "himself who lay dead or his brother who had sat by his side. But Meriamun looked down the hall with cold eyes, for she feared neither death nor life, nor God nor man. And while she looked, and while the Wan derer counted, there rose a faint murmuring sound from the city without, a sound that grew and grew, the thunder of myriad feet that run before the death of Kings. Then the doors burstasunderanda womanpassed through them in her night robes, and m her arms she born the naked body of a boy. "Pharaoh!" she cried, "Pharaoh, and thou, O Queen, look upon thy son—thy firstborn son —dead is thy son, Pnaraohl Dead is thy son, O Queen 1 In my arms he died as I lulled him to liis rest," and she laid the body of the child down on the board among the vessels of gold, among the garlands of lotus flowers and the beakers of rose-red wine. Then Pharaoh rose and rent his purple robes and wept aloud, and Meriamun rose too, and her eyes were terrible with wrath and grief. " See now the curse that this evil woman, this false Hathor, hath brought upon us," she said. But the guests sprang up crying, "It is not the Hathor whom wo worship, it is not the holy Hathor, it is the gods of those dark Apura whom thou, O Queen, wilt not let go. On thy head and the head of Pharaoh be it," and even as they cried the murmur without grew to a shriek of woe, a sliriek so wild and terrible that the palace walls rang. Again that shriek rose, and yet a third time, never was suoh a ■cry heard in Egypt. And now for the first time in all his days the face of the Wanderer grew white with fear, and in fear of heart he prayed for succour to his goddess—to Aphro dite, the daughter of Dione. Again the doors behind them burst open, and the guards flocked in—mighty men of many foreign lands, but now their faces were wan, their eyes stared wide, and their jaws hung down. But at the sound of the clanging of their harness the strength of the Wanderer came back to him again, for the gods and their vengeance he feared, but not the sword of man. And now once more the Bow sang aloud. He grasped it, he bent it with (his mighty knee, and strung it, crying— "Awake, Pharaoh, awake! Foes draw on. Say, be these all the men V Then the Captain answered, " These be all of the guard who are left living in the Palace. The rest are stark, smitten by the angry gods." Now as the Captainlspake one came running up the hall, heeding neither the dead nor the living. It was the old Priest Kei, the Com mander of the Legion of Amen, who had been the Wanderer's guide, and his looks were wild with fear. "Hearken, Pharaoh!" he cried, .."thy people lie dead by thousands in the streets—the houses are full of dead. In thetemples of Ptah and of Amen many of the priests have fallen dead also." "Hastthoumoreto tell,old man?" cried the Queen. "The tale has nob all been told, O Queen. The soldiers are mad with fear and with the sight of death, and slay their captains; barely have I escaped from those in my command of the Legion of Amen. For they swear that this death has been brought upon.the land because Pharaoh would not the Apura go. Hither, then, they come to slay Pharaoh, and thee, also, O Queen, and with them come many thousands of people catching up suoh -arms as lie to their hands." Now Pharaoh sank down groaning, but the Queen spake to the Wanderer— "Anon thy weapon sang of war, Eperitus; now war is at the gates." j "Little I fear the rush of battle and the ■Mows men deal in anger, Lady," he made answer, " though a man may fear the gods without shame. Ho, Guards! close up, close up round me 1 Look not bo ualefaced now t ■death from the godB is done with and we have •. but to fear the sword of men." j So great was hit mien and so glorious his 1 face as he cried thus and one by one drew his . long arrows forth . and laid them on the board, ; that the trembling guards took heart, and to I the number of fifty and one ranged themselves j ■on tlio edge of the daiiB in a double line. Then ; they also made ready their bows and loosened the arrows in their quivers. j Now from without their came a roar of men, : and anon, while those of the house of Pharaoh, j and of the guests and nobles, who sat at the : feast and yet lived, fled behind the soldiers, ' the brazen doors were burst in with mighty ; blows, and through them a great armed ; multitude surged along the hall. There came j soldiers broken from their ranks. There came ; the cmbahners of the dead; their hands were overfill of work to-night, but they left their ; work undone ; death had smitten some even of ■ these, and their fellows did not shrink baok j from them now. There came the sinitli, black i from the forge; and the scribe, bowed with endless writing; and the dyer with his purple hands; and the fisher from the •stream; and the stunted weaver from the loom; and the leper from the Temple j gates. TheyweremadwithIustoflifo,astarvhng I life tliat the King had taxed when he let not ' the Apura go. They were mad with fear of death ; their women followed them with dead • children in their arms. They smote down the golden furnishings, they tore the silken hangings, they cast the empty eups of the feast at the faces of trembling ladies, and cried aloud for the blood of the King. "Where is Pharaoh," they yelled, "show us Pharaoh and the Queen Meriamuu, that we may slay them. Dead arejour firstborn; they lie in heaps as the fish lay when Sihor ran red with blood. Dead are they because of the curse that has been brought upon us by the prophets of the Apura, whom Pharaoh and Pharaoh's Queen yet hold in Kliem." Now a3 they cried they saw Pharaoh Menep fcili cowering behind the double line of guards, and they saw the Queen Meriamun who cowered not but stood silent above the din. Then she thrust her way through the guards, and yet holding the naked body of the boy to her breast, stood before them with eyes that flashed more brightly than the Uraeus crown upon her brow. • \ "Back," she cried, "back. It is not ; Pharaoh, it is not I, who have brought this death upon you. For wo, too, have death here!" and she held up the body of her dead son. "It is that False Hatlior whom ye worship, that witch of many a voice and many a face who turns your hearts faint with love. Forliei her sake ye endure these woes; on her head.is all this death. Go, tear her temple stone from stone, and rend her beauty limb from limb, and be avenged and free the land from curses." A moment the people stood and hearkened, muttering, as stands the lion that is about to spring, while those who pressed without cried, " Forward 1 Forward! Slay them! Slay them!" Then as with one voice they screamed— "The Hatlior we love, but you we Iiate, for ye have brought these woes upon us and ye shall die." They cried, they brawled, they cast foot stools and stones at the guards, and then a certain tall man among them drew a bow. Straight at the Queen's fair breast he aimed his arrow and swift and true it sped towards her. She saw the light gleam upon its shining barb, and then she did what no woman but Meriamun would have done, no not to save herself from death—she held out the naked body of her son as a warrior holds a shield. The arrow struck through and through it, piercing the tender flesh, aye, and pricked her breast beyond, so tliat she let the dead boy fall. The Wanderer saw it and wondered at the hoiTorof thedeed. Then shouting aloud the ter rible war cry of the Achaeans he leapt upon the upon the board before bim, and as he leapt his golden armour clanged. Glancing around, he fixed an arrow to the string ana drew to his ear that great bow which none but he might so much as bend. Then as he loosed the string sang like a swallow, and the shaft screamed through the air. Down the glorious liall it sped, and full on the breast of him who had lifted bow against the Queen thejbitter arrow struck; nor might his harness avail to stay it. Through the body of him it passed, and with blood-red feathers flew on, and smote another who stood behind lihn, so that his knees also were loosened, and together they fell dead upon the floor. Now while the jieople stared and wondered, again the bowstring sang like a swallow, again the arrow screamed in its flight, and he who stood before it got his death, lor the shield he wore was pinned to his breast. Then wonder turned to rage: the multitude rolled forward, and from either side the air grew dark with arrows. For the guards at sight of the shooting of the Wanderer found heart and fought well and manfully. Boldly aUo the slayers came on, and behind them pressed many a hundred men. The Waderer's golden helm flashed steadily, a beacon in the storm. Black smoke burst put in the hall, the hangings flamed and tossed in a wind from, the open door. The lights were struck from the hands of the golden images, arrows stood thick in the tables and the rafters, a spear pieroed through the golden cup of Pasht. But out of the darkness and smoke and dust, and the cry | of battle, and through the rushing of the rain 'of arrows, sang the swallow string of the black ! bow of Euiytua, and the long shafts shrieked . as they sped on them who were ripe to die. In Ivaindid the shafts of the slayers smite u[>on that golden harness. They were but as nail upon the Temple roofs, but as driving snow ; upon the wild stag's horns. They struck, I tney rattled, and down they dropped like snow, i or bounded back and lay upon the board. I The black bow twanged, and the bitter '■ arrows shrieked as they new. I Now all the Wanderer's shafts were spent, ' and he judged that their case was desperate. For out of the doors of the hall that were i behind them, and from the ohambers of the | women, armed men buret in also, taking them on the flank and rear. But the Wanderer was old in war and without a match in all its ways. The. Captain of the Guard was slain with a ; spear stroke, and the Wanderer, took his place, i calling to the men, such of them as were left alive, to form a circle on the dais, and within the circle lie set those' of the house of Pharaoh and the women who were at the feast. But to Pharaoh he cast a slain man's sword, bidding him strike for life and throne if : ho never struck before ; but the heart was out of Pharaoh because of the death of his sou, and the wine about his wits, and the terrors ho had seen. Then hleriamun the Queen snatched the sword from his trembling hand and stood holding it to guard her life. For she disdained to crouch upon the ground as did the other women, but stood upright,beliind the Wanderer, and heeded not the tijiears and arrows tliat dealt death on every hand. Put Pharaoh stood, his face buried in his hands. Now the slayers came on, shouting and clambering upon the dais. Then the Wanderer rushed on them with sword drawn, and shield on high, and so swift he smote that mou might nut guard, for they saw as it were three swords aloft at once, and the silver-hafted ; swora bit deep, llie gift ot i liseacian Jliuryalus | long ago. The guards also smote and thrust; it was for their lives they fought, and baok , rolled the tide of foes, leaving a swathe of ' dead. So a second time they came on and a i sooond time weru rolled back. | Kow of the defenders few were left unhurt, ' and their strength was well- nigh spent. But the Wanderer cheered them with great words, I though his heart grew fearful for the end; and ' Meriamun the Queen also hade them lie of ' good courage, and if need he die like men. ■ ,Tlieu once again the wave of war rolled in upon . them, and fierce and desperate grew the strife. ; The iron hedge of spears was well-nigh broken, ! and now the Wanderer, doing such deeds as i had not been known in Klieni, stood alone : between Meriamun the Queen and the swords that thirsted for her life and the life of Pharaoh, i Then of a sudden from far down the great hall ; of banquets there came a loud cry that rose i above the clash of swords, the groans of men, ! and all the din. of battle. "Pharaoh,.'Pharaoh /Pharaoh.'" rase a voice. " Wilt thou now let the people go ? Then he who smote; stayed his. hand, and he who guarded dropped his sliiold. The battle ceased, and all turned to look. There at the end of the hall among the dead :uid dying there stood the two ancient men of the Apura, and in their hands were cedar reds. "It is the wizards—the wizards of the Apura," men cried, and shrunk this way and that, thinking no more on war. The ancient men drew nigh. ISo heed took they of Hie dying or the dead; on they walked through blood and wine and fallen tables and scattered arms till they stood before Pharaoh. "Pharaoh ! Pharaoh / Pharaoh/" they cried again. "Dead are the firstborn of ICuem at the hand of Jahveh, Wilt thou let the people got" Then Pharaoh lifted his face and cried— " Get you gone—you and all that is yours. Get you gone swiftly, and let Kheni see your face no more." The people heard, and the living left thi hall, and silence fell on the city and on th ; dead who died of the swordj and the dead who died of the pestilence. Silence fell, and sleep, I and. the God's best gift—forgetfulness. 