THE TOURIST. YARRAN-GO-BILLY. br Tklemachus. " By many a bard in Celtic tongue Has Coir-nan L'tiekin been sung ; A softer name the Savons gave. And called the grotto Goblin Cave. The dell upon the mountain's crest Yawned like a gash on warrior's breast. Its trench had stayed full many a rock Hurled by primeval earthquake's shock From Benrenue's grey summit wild—" Can it, indeed, be description of other scenes in other lands ? Is not this the very point the warrior chief rounded - this the dell which does indeed "Yawn as a gash on warrior's breast." Is not that saddle yonder the pass of Beal- nam-bo? Every word of the beautiful old rhythmic description seems s0 apt and so true. We know that is not so, for we are still on the great heights of Australia, and that gash is the gorge of the Yarran-go-Billy River, and that long ravine cloven so deep and winding so high is the Glory-hole, and fair in the side of the cliffs face is the entrance to the great caves. Sixteen or seventeen miles out from Kian- dra, easy enough to be done on horseback, or, with care and a good pilot, by buggy; only, indeed, a very easy and charming day's coach- ing (so far as the prospect goes) from the New South Wales railway at Cooma. For the first ten miles of our journey we ride over rolling grassy downs, boulder- strewn, and very lightly stocked. Cattle, bred up here, they tell us, will fatten - in- deed, we see evidence enough of that in the magnificent beef - but if bred elsewhere, they will hut languish, linger, and die, despite the plentiful grass. Some mobs of shepherded sheep look well enough, and our genial and talkative guide finds topics enough of interest. George Harris by name he was bred in these parts, knows every valley and mountain head, has tapped dingoes, and limited wild homes turn cattle from boyhood, fossicked for gold in the most inaccessible ravines of the hills, and always, while living a wild free life, managed to keep a few good horses and a few odd ounces of gold for a stand-by. "That's where we found one of 'em," says George, "and up there were the pigs." The spot indicated is on the river bank, the other a hundred yards up the hill- side. The "one of 'em" was a Chinaman who had purchased a mob of pigs, and was driving them down to market. The snow came on when he was but a few miles outside this mining village, and Chinaman and hogs were first seen of the people when in the next summer the snow melted away. We descended through the woodland, we wound awhile along a narrow grassy valley, and came at length to human habitations of the most commonplace sort New wooden cottages of the neatest, squarest type, built by Government for the caretaker and the ac- commodation of occasional visitors. The caretaker is an ancient mariner, who, from wild whaling in the early days, passed to the wildest of mining in these high mountains, and at length accepted the Government billet which offered here. He was a grey and a gap toothed man, with the sentiment of the sea glimmering only vaguely through the outer crust of mining and exploring. He gave us promise enough of good guidance, but the in- terior of the dwelling did not promise much in the way of refreshment. It was fatally unclean, and the presiding genius had as many rents in her outer garment as there were colours in Joseph's coat. We were un- expected, of course, or provision would have been made. We dined, therefore, off a leg of cold and very old pig, with some bread and black tea, the only really bad meal of the journey, and when near an hour of precious time had thus been badly wasted fell back on the never-failing solace of the pipe, and pre- pared to follow along to the caves. Then it was, from the point of the spur whence we first see Yarran-go-Billy River and gorge, that the brave description of Old Cale- donia, stern and wild, recurred, and the cold pig was forgotten and forgiven, and yet another memory of true Australian grandeur garnered which will never pass away. Let us keep to the idea of the "Gash on warrior's breast of a stroke cleaving the mountain as to the very chine; of rocks piled confusedly on the gorge, and frowning along either side, and towering over the head, gigantic and crown- like; of foliage not very plentiful, but bright and unscarred and unspoiled; of a river, leaping as it seems suddenly into fight, and foaming and dashing down, visible in every yard of its course, till it swirls round by the Glory-hole and disappears. A few steps further, and the bared moun- tain side appears with the great cave en- trance. Nothing s0 grand, so awe-inspiring, so eerie here, as in toe great entrance-halls of the better-known caves of Jenolan; the Devil's Coachhouse with mighty dome, and floor strewn with black marble blocks, or the great Cathedral entrance with high domed roof. And yet a specimen of nature's architecture, and of no mean or puny sort. The entrance is by two great Norman arches, hewn by hands it might be imagined, out of the solid limestone. 'Twixt them, the earth-roof is pierced, and a flood of light streams down on a moist rock floor, covered partly with pale and delicate ferns. Looking into the arches one sees, first, great shadowy ghost-like forms, becoming vague and mysterious even in a near distance. They are the stalactites and stalagmites, and all the strange and beautiful forms the decomposed, but recomposing limestone as- sumes in toe caverned bed of the old river. The mysterious naturally or usually attracts one even more keenly than the beautiful, and therefore, perhaps, the eye seeks first into these dim recesses. But in a little while a more careful look around wins en- thusiastic appreciation, of the beauties of the clothing, as of the form of the porch, of one of God's own houses. The painting is of the rare pale pinks and reds, borne down by metallic solutions, the draperies of tender and very pale green fern. The little ferns creep and cling here and there, wherever they may obtain their fairy foothold: they are out of the reach of all sacrilegious human hands, and the birds of the air, we know, will never touch them. We should not expect anything living to have dwelt within such a tenderly-draped porch, and indeed we speedily find evidence that the only living creature to make to itself per- manent abode here was one of those who in Australia claim supremacy in beauty, and with reason. A tall white pillar stands out well in the daylight, and in a little project- ing ledge of its front, a lyre-bird builded her nest. The nest is forsaken, of course, since human occupation began, and 'tis difficult to understand how all the hands of all the Vandals who have since entered the caves did not harry it stick by stick and feather by feather, and bear away its fragments. There sat, there brooded the lyre-bird, alone in this weird and beautiful solitude, and its nest now remains strange as that of "Golon- drina," of which the Emperor Charles " Bade very curtly, leave it standing;" though fixed to his siege tent before the old frontier town of Handera. With the magnesium light reveal all the glow of these marvellous caves. Round and round flashes thelight on spire and pinnacle and pendant on the delicate shawl forma- which hang as tapestry of marble and alabaster from the roof, on glittering spicule and fairy forms, which seem woven of purest crystal, on more, and more varied ornamentation than glorifies any old Gothic cathedral. There is a soft brown tint on some of the larger forms, which I think is peculiar to these caves. I at least do not remember it amongst all the terra- cottas, salmons, apricots, greens, and varying shades of reds at Jenolan. And, indeed, there is little doubt that much which is peculiar and wonderful as beautiful and strange, will by-and-by be discovered here. We walk, climb, creep, crawl through at least a mile of galleries and caverns, in the two open caves; we see in the strange light the infinite variety of beauty of colour and of form. We miss a good deal of the vastness and consequent grandeur which characterises Jenolan, but then it requires but a glance around to know that exploration is but at its beginning. The formation is very similar to that of Jenolan. The long limestone spur, evi- dently honeycombed by the river, and con- taining within its bulk vaults innumerable and marvellously adorned. One of these, a new cave, was opened out a fortnight ago, a marvellously great chamber, and strange and beautiful, as vast. Wisely it has been closed against any further invasion till thoroughly surveyed and placed under adequate control. And walking or climbing over the square miles of surface, unmistakable evi- dence of many another cave is found. The foot strikes often on the rock-roof of some gigan- tic vault: a stream of water disappears, but listening you may hear it, streaming and echoing along a great subterranean passage. Currents of air are driven out through rock fissures. Everything points indeed to another city of the Gnomes, in a future day to be all opened and revealed. Nor does the delight and opportunity of the place depend on the caves alone. There is first the climate, the 6,000ft. of altitude, easily accessible for residence, giving assur- ance all summer long, of cool days, cold nights, riding, walking, climbing weather, indeed, in which the prostration of weariness so familiar on the lowlands will be utterly unknown. Objects of external beauty also, no less than in the dark mysterious gnome- land, are all around. I have spoken of the lips and crown of the gorge, the edges of the stupendous gash. It is easy enough to wander along them from cliff to cliff, to study, to contemplate, to paint, to rest and recuperate, to gather memories, and to form pictures whose love- liness will never pass away. All around they lie far and near, out we will take one more broad look ere making a final departure. The river demands more than trivial glance or brief mention. Yarran-go-billy, his name being fixed fast, must be a welcome and useful friend to every visitor. He is ever cold and fresh and bright and full. He has pools numerous as ripples, where the luxury of a swim in crystal water can always be obtained. Flowing out of that huge limestone mass, he must hold great quantities of lime, always in solution, and thus befriend everybody but the dentists. He should be a great home for good fish, and along many miles of his course he leaps and laughs in beauty indescribable. To him also, warn and fresh and full of life and health, worn a deep rock-fissure a few chains before the caves, comes an unnamed but exceed- ingly vigorous warm spring - a spring of water maintaining always in summer and winter temperature nnging from 80deg. to 98deg. Fahr. What value there is in this then future will decide. But certainly it offers a marvellous combination of natural oppor- tunity, climate, situation, resource all brought together, and in a locality which is by no means remote from either Sydney or Melbourne. For let us now climb up again to the heights, and overlook all this wonderful land, and endeavour to arrive at an understanding as to what should be done for its proper de- velopment. The cottages in the hollow I re- gard as a mistake. The same has been made at Jenolan, where the Cave-house is set in a pit, hot and ill-drained, and thoroughly inconvenient. There is more of both room and opportunity here: but when all is said the pit of the gorge is a mistake. Do we not see as we wind up the Glory-hole some evidence of planting on a very bold spur of a mountain, a good hill in itself, in fact, with abundant that on accessible country about,: for garden and orchard ground ? It looks right up the river it stands out bold in the sunshine and the breeze. That is the situation for the great hotel of The Caves, for one great sanatorium of Australia. It has already been fixed as a home site; it is therefore necessible. With a little side cutting, indeed, a coach and four could sweep right about it. And that hill-point is not more than 70 miles from Cooma, and, as I hear, less than 50 from Tumut. Cooma is a railway station, and there is nothing to render a 10-hours' coach journey difficult even with the road in its present condition. Start at 8 from the railway station, spell for an hour at Adaminaby, a bright, pleasant, little village on the road, and arrive at 6 or a half-hour later. It is but a picnic, a pleasure trip, even for women and children. 