The Krumiser Mystery. (TEE ALTAXETNT CA8UAL.) JAMES BY GBEENWOOD Christopher Ohiffinch wee indicted at Oxbridge Assizes for the wilful murder of his mistress, PrisciHa Krumiser. The circumstances of the case, as revealed at the trial, were peculiar. The deceased woman had been for many years a widow and was an aged lady of eccentric habits. Up to the time of her death she resided in her own freehold house, which was situated in a somewhat lonely spot, about a' mile and a half from die market town. The estate included a small farm, and Mrs. Kruraiser's two niec.s, Catherine and Helen Priiwl—women of middle-age and unmarried—lived with her in the capacity of servants. Chiffinch was a labourer, a sort of handy man about the premiscb', and had been in the same service since he was a lad, up to the time when he was accused of the horrible crime in question, when his age as it appeared on the depositions, was forty-six. Though bard woaking,- and seemingly trustworthy, Chiffinch was of a morose disposition; and seldom had any other than a surly answer for anybody, except- ing the old mistress. To her be was always respectful, and cheerfully willing to do everything she bade him. He was a clumsily-built, ungainly sort of fellow, and somewhat lame in consequence of a contracted bnen-ioint, which made it necessary for him to wear an iron ring attached to his boot, to eke out tbe short leg and make it of a length similar to the other. Old Mrs. Krumiser was crippled too, and much more seriously. It was the result of an accident, that happened a few weeks after the demise of her husband. It was not to be wondered at that Widow Krumiser was eccentric if only half tbe stories told of the farmer were true. He was cue of the close-fisted sort. Although he could very well afford to hire all the house and out-door work he required, he toiled in the fields and on the farm harder than any common labourer, and shocked all his decent neighbours by working Sunday as well a3 week days. He was grasping and greedy for wealth, and compelled his wife to do housework and assist with the washing as well. Anything to save a shilling. He never went, to church, and, aB far as anyone was aware, professed no religion. He had a stuffed monkey in his bedroom —a monstrous creature of the baboon specics, with a Satanic expression of countenance, and gleaming white tusks, and great goggling glass eyes. This stuffed unimal stood in a square glass case near the bed and when old Ambrose Emmiser was taken with iiis last illness, and the parson heard of it, he deemed it his duty, although the farmer had never treated him with common civility even, to call with .a view of affording him spiritual consolation. But the wicked eld fellow would have nothing to do with him. D'ye want to know what my religion is and has been all my life ?" he enquired of the minister. I should much like to know," was the answer. Then that is it," and with a grin he pointed to the hideous ape in the glasscase. "That's tbe chap I believe in. He has been the best friend in the world to me." Tbe parson was much pained, ofcour.se, and left the venerable reprobate. But his meaning was not quite as it appeared. After £xu miser's death and barial, it was discovered that he had made a money-box of the ape—had taken out all its stuffing from the inside, end replaced it with hoarded money. Thinking it probable, that there was more hidden somen here, his widow, mounted on a pair of high steps, poking among the rafters, fell and was afflicted with, paralysis. Her arms were so nearly useless that Bhe could neither dress herself nor eat her food without assistance. In addition to this, a few months betore her death, ehe was so decrepit—her age was 6eventy-four—that she could walk but slowly and with difficulty, and having a great liking for sitting in the garden when the weather was fine, Chiffinch, who was very Btrong, was accustomed on such occasions to carry the old lady out, seuted in her pasy choir, and convey her back again to thehouBein the same -way when she desired it. Old Mrs. Krumiser's eccentricity manifested itself in various wayB, but in none so markedly as in tbe disposal of her money. In tbis respect she was amazingly like her late husband, but even more cunning. There could be doubt as to her' being rich. She was possessed of excellent bouse-property in the neighbourhood, and her rents amounted to at least two hundred a year, and besides tbis she derived from another source an annual income of a hundred and fifty, and in addition there were the profits of the farm, which were at least enough for dethe fraying household expenses. But the singular part of it was that Mrs. Krumiser never had any money. It was not frittered away in unnecessary extravagance in the way of living, and twenty pounds a year was made to mest tbe wage account of Airs. Krumiser's two nieces and the kitchen maid BB well. What the old lady did' with the money was a mystery inexplicable, and the more so because she had a strange fancy for gold. If her rents or any part of them came to her in the shape of bank notes, she was restless until she had exchanged the latter for sovereigns, and it was the same with her annuity. Bhe pnt nothing in the bank. If'she had done so, either Catherine or Helen Prawl muBt have known of it, for having scarce any use in her arms she never ventured abroad without one of them vent with ha. . Where then could she board it?_ Say it was uarter day and she received forty or buy pouuds in gold. She would have it brought into her little sitting room, and placed, for the present, in an old china punch-bowl, that stood in the corner cupboard by the fire-place. If this happened in the afternoon, never tired of puzzling on the singular circumstance, the two nieces went to took for it asjBoon as Mrs Krumiser had gone to bed, but the punch bowl was empty. Had she been a person blessed with the free use of her limbs, the natural inference of course, would have been that she bad carried the gold upstairs with her. But it was a tested and proved fact, that she could not lifL a coin from the table. Her fingers were powerless for such a feat. She might,- with a spasmodic jerk of the wrist, sweep a piece of money from the table to the ground, bnt she could not, if her life depended on it, pickit up. How then could she take the money out of the bowl and convey ;it off and hide it? It was physically impossible. Tet, there WQB no getting over the hard fact, that, somehow.or other, she did convey it off and hide it as well. But where ? The two sisters, though they were honest and faithful, were irate againBt the old woman for her parsimony, and, as need not be said, opportunity serving, they many and many a time made the strictest search for the concealed wealth. They had minutely examined beds and mattresses, probed the chinkB between the floor boards, raised the hearth, investigated the chimney even, but not so much as a single half-sovereign could they ever discover. Tbey dared not question Mre. Krumiser on the subject. Niece Helen being the oldest of the two, ventured to put out a feeler in this direction, and got sharply snubbed in her pains. A house in the neighboorhood had been visited by burglars, and their booty included a considerable sum in ready cash. " It should be a caution, aunt, to folk who hoard money on their premises," said Helen. "Much better bank it, I should say. Suppose they were to bicak in here ? " Well, what then ?" demanded Mrs, Krumiser, sharply. " Why, see what they might perhaps find," replied her niece. " Tbey would have to be sharper than you or your sister then," the old lady rejoined, with a grim chuckle. " You two, who know every bole and corner and cranny and crevice in the house, and are always ferriting about. And what have you ever found ? " " Tes, but aunt," began the niece, protestingly, "you know " "Aye. that^sjust it," snapped Mrs.' Krumiser. " I do know, and you don't, and never will. And if you ain't satisfied, you can pack up and be off as soon as you please ? " It will be understood how completely the two inquisitors had exhausted every means of accounting legitimately for what Mrs. Krumiser did with hsr money when it came at last to their falling back on the supernatural. It was actually whispered in the house and not so softly that it reached Christopher Chiffinch's dull ears that Mrs. Krumiser swallowed her money. They did not go so far by way of giving colour to this monstrous statement to affect to believe that she was gifted with a digestive system more powerful even than that of the ostrich, nor did they do the old lady the injustice to declare that ber greed for gold was such that she had bargained with one, who shall be nameless, and for a certain awful consideration for ability to enjoy her precious sovereigns not by spending them in the ordinary way, but in partaking of them as a dainty food, endowed with a deliciouB flavour. This much, however, Helen Prawl and her sUter Catheiine as well were prepared to Bwear to on the bible. They had seen their aunt with money in her mouth. Helen's testimony was even more startling than this. She averred that on one occasion when Mrs. Krumiser had received some rent, she watched her through the keyhole, and saw her amusing herself in a curious kind of way.' She had reached the punch-bowl out 'of the cupboard by embracing it in her trembling arms, and by the same means tilted the gold on to the table. Then she knelt on a stool, so as to bring her open mouth on a level with the table-top, and pressed against the side. Then, with much pain and difficulty, vith a circular movement of her i partly-paralysed arm, she swept the j money, a few coins at a time, into the receptacle ready to receive it. As Helen Prawl told her story, at tbe time she - had an idea that the old lady might find a miserly enjoyment in sucking the gold as folks do sweetstnff, "and watched for a long time to see her take them out of her mouth again. But she kept them there until she at length quitted the room by an inner door that led down into the garden. The strange story 'was told to Peggy, the kitchen woman, and shortly after she had a story io tell. Chiffinch had carried Mrs. Krumiser in her easy- chair into the garden and set her in' the sun; and Peggy saw her, when she; was left alone, get up and walk about among the flowers. Wishing to' ask ber some question, Peggy approached her from behind, and so noiselessly that when she spoke the old woman gave a sudden start, and as she did so a Bovereign fell from her and rolled along the path. * It fell out ofmy bosom,? said Mrs. KrutoiSer; 'put it back there again.' but Peggy declared that the coin was quite wet, for all the world as though it had fallen from ber mouth. The kitchen -woman told Chiffinch, who gruffly replied that he believed it was a lie of the same-pattern as that hatched up by Hden PrawL. For such, a rude and anceremonious manner of address it might be inferred that Chffincli had but ljttle respect for his fellow servant; but it waB only ^iis -unpleasantly blunt way of speakings the fact being that he and Peggy Drake were on almost sweet-hearting terms, and occasionally walked out together on Stm-i days. It was with evident reluctance that; Miss Drake gave incriminating evidence against Chiffinch at the trial. She stated on oath that on one occasion whoa they were talking of old Mis. Krumiser living been seen to plaoe sovereigns in her; month, and apparently tb swidlow them, ; Ohiffinch had remarked with a half laugh that he would give the old • wonfau her to the garden in her chair, and if he heard anything rattle inside her he wouldno more mind.twisting her neck as the man did that killed his goose for the aafee of tbe golden eggs. Drake farther deposed that Chiffinch had expressed to her his opinion that Mrs. KramiBer had a lot of money hidden away somewhere, but that it would take her all her time, to find it, for she was more artful than old 'Ambrose, who had stowed his savings in the stuffed monkey. And, at that time Chiffinch had remarked: ' It you or me, Peg, could find the golden nest by hook, or by crook, it would give us a fair start to marry om" And, when she asked him what he meant when he said, " by hook or by crook," [he made answer that " cne day he might have to put her courage to the teBt. and that then he would explain further." Other evidence was forthcoming, showing that within a few weeks of the murder the accused had been observed under such circumstances as left little room for doubt that he was stealthily watching the old "woman. One time after he had carried her into the garden, he was seen by a cowboy to crawl under a heap of straw, at a point from which he conM watch her movements, and on another occasion he was observed to climb up into an old pear tree and crouch among the branches probably for the same purpose. But one of the most serious items of testimony against Chiffipch at this period was that all of a sudden the old woman took a dislike to Chiffinch and was seemingly afraid of him. She would not permit him to carry her into the garden,, or if she knew it to enter the house even. *' He is crafty," she remarked to her nieces," crafty and sly. He is a changed man, and I wish he was far away from here." And when one them asked her. since she could no longer trust him, why ehe didn't discharge him, she made answer: No, no, that wouldn't do! ] wouldn't have him think that I sus pected him for all the world. He might turn revengeful, and lurk about the neighboorhood, and come one night and murder me in my bed." Chiffinch was informed of this by Peggy Drake, and he affected to make light of it, and said that he had noticed queerness " in the old woman lately, and perhaps she was going a bit cranky. And there was some evidence of the latter. Although Mrs. Krumiser could still manage to walk about a bit in the garden, and seemed no weaker bodily speaking than usual, she began to have odd fancies, one of which was to have the old stuffed ape, which years ago had been put away in tlte lumber-room, brought back again int^ her bedroom. She had, she declared, had it made known to her in a vision that her late husband's Bpitit had taken up its abode within it, and that it intended to remain, in its present quarters until the money it had beed robbed of had been replaced where originally deposited—when that happened the ghost would return to where it came. And where is that?" niece Catherine asked her, " Was you told in the vision, aunt, wbere the spirit came from?" Old Mrs. Krumiser made no verbal response, but with a jerk of her head indicated a downward direction. " Good Lord! " the niece exclaimed, what—in that dreadful place ?" " Who mentioned a dreadful place, you fool ? If you had waited a moment, I was going to tell you that in the vision it was explained to me that, as a punishment for drinking hot rum and water after dinner on Sundays, your poor uncle is doomed to abide in a cold spring in the bowels of the earth for one hundred years." She told the doctor the same story. " There could be no harm," he said, " in bringing back the stuffed ape to the hedroom a^ain, since she so much desired it, but it seemed not improbable that her intellect was failing her, and that she had best be well looked after." Soon after this, Chiffinch became flush of cash. His wages being but eleven shillings a .week, he had at all times to practise the. strictest economy, and seldom allowed himself more than half-pint of ale at the ale-house of evenings. But, quite suddenly, he seemed to have plenty of money. He took to wearing his Sunday clothes on week-days, he bought a silver watch and, one night, bdiug at the Barleymow, he stood drinks round to everybody there, at a cost of four and tenpence. Such mad extravagance, of course, soon got talked about. It appeared to have been an understood thing between him and Peggy Drake, that they were each to put by what they could of, their; earnings, and when they had accumulated enough to furnish a small cottage they wen to be married. Peggy naturally^ vooniduded that Chifflneh had prinm^ jfalse f jto->1Kflr, that lie had altered his m^d |^6ut getting married, ;)ana '^rtw^^jHAg'' away hiB savings in sheer, wakuonness of spirit. • .. Of this she accused him, Uand he laughed at her. It twaavaUs^g^ he declared. He had coine in0 a bit of " from an un quarter," leal to come any par- '%ientioned [ib^inatter tnoney "Waalus,V he ' was the o3ft§miera In giving her evidence < atathsgtitial, Peggy said, that patting "this and that together, she could think no other than that he had discovered the mistress 1 hoard, and had been helping himself'. ,It 'was but a suspicion, of .course, and it was not for her to accuse him, but when he offered her twenty pounds, all in gold, she made aa excuse and declined. At the end of that week old Mrs. Krumiser was one afternoon missing. She Beamed better than she had been of late, and after dinner walked put x>f the house and into the garden, and when one of the nieces went to bring. her in to te% was no whereto be found. 1 Ohiffinch. who was at work in -file stables helped to look for her. It was a very large old garden, and in a part of it that was never cultivated, there was a well, and continuing the search to thiB part it was evident that there had been a struggle at that spot. No one conld stumble into the well as it was fenced in with brickwork, to a .height of nearly a yard. There was old Mrs. Krumiser's. cap trod in the muddy soiL—it had. been raining all the previous night—and there were plentiful footmarks all round about, some such as a woman would make, and the others of heavy boots, and with deep, circular indentations such as might be made by Chiffinch's iron-shod boot. A man was lowered down into the well with a rope and grapple, and the body of poor old Mrs Krumiser was brought to th&surface; at the first cast. Chiffinch was arrested. Everything pointed to him as being the murderer. There was the half-joking conversation that had taken place between Wrhsplf and Peggy Drake, weeks previously, respecting the " goose with the golden eggs," and the finding and appropriating the old lady's hoard by hook or' by' crook. There was Mrs Krumiser's sudden dislike and mistrust of the man and her expressed fear of discharging him, lest he should come one night and kill her in her bed. There was the large sum of money he had so mysteriously obtained, and of which he could give no more satisfactory account than that it had " come from an unexpected quarter," Chiffinch at the same time remarking to Peggy Drake that there might be a good deal more to come yet." And finally, and more convincing than anything else, besides there, at the brink of the well, into which the victim had been cast, mingling with her shoe-marks was the imprint of the iron ring on his lame foot. What more reasonable conclusion could be arrived at than that Chiffinch —who was seen to be on the watch— had found out whereabouts in the garden the old woman hid her money; that he had helped himself to a portion of it; that his mistress bad discovered the theft and taxed him with it, and that infuriated by her threats he had thrown her into the well. Chiffinch, while acknowledging that he had been guilty of concealing the fact that he knew deceased was in the well, stoutly maintained his innocence of murder. At the same time it was the opinion of everyone who heard it, that hiB explanation was a lame and exceedingly unlikely one. {To he continued.) 