SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. ( Vopyriqht .) By an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," &c.;, Ac. - CHAPTER I. gerald gray introduces. himself. I have often thought that the sweets of life are dealt out very unequally, and that I am one of those whose paths are strewn with every conceivable bitterness! Many people would tell me — indeed have told me — that my gloomy views are a direct act of rebellion against Providence, and that instead of repining, 1 ought to be thankful for the posses sion of means large enough to satisfy the most i luxurious taste. Put of what use is money to one whose intellect does not permit him to enjoy it rationally ? Over and over again, I have watched the street Arabs at play in the grimy mud of the gutter, and have so envied their bright precocity of mind, that I would willingly fling my thousands away if I could only be as they are. I would gladly change places with any one of them, give him my worldly goods, and take his rags, dirt, hunger, and above all his healthy mind, and then know myself to be the gainer, he the loser. It is terrible to become a pessimist before attain ing the age of twenty, but my course of life, my actions, my conduct, seemed so entirely inexplica ble according to the rules laid down by reason, and so totally at variance with the commonsense dis played by other mortals, that the bright side of Nature never revealed itself to my longing eyes. Earth, was a dark abode, a joyless purgatory for fallen man, and I loathed its trammels with a hatred more than bitter, for they held me enchained from the glories of an Elysium I frequently ob tained glimpses of. I hated earth and held its in habitants in contempt, with the exception of my own immediate entourage. I; was painfully aware that ,ali this was eccentric, and as a kind of pallia tion adopted and often quoted a passage from Byron's "Manfred," "From my youth upwards My spirit walked not with the souls of men." The passage admirably suited my weird de spondency, and I derived a sad satisfaction from the idea that, like the great poet's who penned it, my career was set amidst gloomy clouds, and would finally close in darkness and in storm. I have at present painted the blackest side of my character — the side, alas, which was the most per manent. But there were times when my heart became full of the noble aspirations and generous impulses of youth, when I would have sacrificed anything t.o obtain the power of giving them vent. But an intangible something held me back at the very moment of action, and my brilliant determin ations would resol ve themselves into airy nothings, or even into horrible phantasies. I had attained the age of nineteen before my mind became warped into this condition of woeful insta bility, and previous to this period was as other boys are — gay, laughing, careless, and with a quickness of intellect which caused my tutors to predict an unqualified success in any career I might choose. The early history of my life presents nothing of any especial interest, yet, to elucidate the peculiar existence I had subsequently to undergo, it may be well to briefly jot down its outlines. Before I was four years old I became an orphan, and my father, Colonel Gray, bequeathed me and a fortune of about £2,000 a-year to the guardianship of his brother Adam Gray. I was received into my uncle's bachelor household, and passed a happy and un eventful childhood, until the time arrived for me'to go to a boarding school. Here I made the acquaint ance of Jack Brandon, which commenced in the usual schoolboy fashion of a pitched battle, terminating in sworn friendship. As the years rolled on I became thoroughly proficient in all athletic sports, and this circumstauce served to attach Jack Brandon still more to me, and he voluntarily assumed the position of my "lidus Achates." During the vacations, I generally received an in vitation to spend a lew weeks at his place in Surrey, and, after the first visit, felt bound to consider myself in love witli his sister Ethel, a fair-haired girl about two years younger than myself, and who gave promise of developing into a great beauty. Our mutual affection increased as we grew older, and by the time I was eighteen I had firmly settled in my own mind that she, and no other, should be my wife ! My existence at this period was cast in pleasant places. I was tall, well-made, strong, thoroughly au fait at athletics, and had not a care in the world. My buoyant spirits and robust health made me look at everything with sanguine hope, and tinged every object with the rosiest colour. How little did I dream that all this elasticity of mind and body would shortly be destroyed and swept away as completely as the storm wave wr.-cks and annihilates the noblest ship. How could I imagine that my strength and intellect would become so perverted as to regard all these joyous things of earth, which had hitherto made my life so beautiful, with a contempt bordering on disgust! It is a merciful provision of nature which hides the future from us. Could I have anticipated the cruel burden it had in store for me, my boyish merriment and happiness would have sunk under such an awful fate, and an early death would have saved me from the intolerable existence I had to endure. Yes,. I am right in saying that ignorance of our future is merciful, for . instead of being 1 terrified into death by the contemplation of my coming woes, I was enabled not only to bear them, but to surmount them, and come forth from the ordeal a wiser and a happier man. The first dim foreshadowing of there being such a thing as sorrow in my bright world came to me in the form of regret. My Eden of innocent enjoyment was at last invaded by the Serpent, who henceforth slowly but surely wound his coils around me. It was not for myself that I experienced this regret, but for' my uncle, and it was caused by his being suddenly reduced from affluence to poverty through an absurd mania for speculation. His abject misery was pitiful! He would sit for hours with liis hands folded, doing nothing but staring out into vacancy. If spoken to, he would scarcely answer, and for a whole fortnight after his ruin he ate scarcely enough to keep body and soul together. However, after a time, the brooding fit passed off, and he became apparently a rational being once more. But I am convinced that, during the period he gave himself up to the sole contemplation of his pecuniary disaster, his mind underwent a subtle alteration. Of course, I did not ascertain this all at once, although I somcti es detected his eyes fixed upon me with such a peculiar gaze as to make me feel uncomfortable; it was only through the light of subsequent events that I formed the conclusion that his mental faculties had become perverted - through his great losses. I was within six1 months of 19 when my uncle was irretrievably ruined. I was, at the time, reading hard for an Oxford scholarship, the gaining of which would redound both to the credit of myself and my school. Half a year was not too long for preparation for such a classic struggle, hence I threw myself heart and soul into the subjects re quired for examination, and took little notice of my surroundings. Had I done so I might have been astonished at Hie fact that my pauper uncle was evidently Jiving beyond his means, which, except ing what was due to him for my maintenance, were absolutely nil. The innocence of youth combined with hard work effectually closed my eyes to any thing I might have deemed extravagant, and so the time passed on to the Christmas vacation, when I said g< ol-bye to school and looked eagerly forward to January as an epoch in my life, for I then hoped to win my scholarship and enter as an undergraduate at our great university. That Christmas was the starting point of my mental upset. Within a week of my return to my uncle's house I began to see visions and dream dreams! In the midst of a conversation I would gradually lose the thread of the discourse and pro- ccecTto reason out some wild imaginings which would present themselves to me; I became inco herent, and at; times behaved so fantastically that people began to suggest that I had overworked my brain. My uncle most kindly insisted on coming to Oxford with me, and carefully attended to my VV-, V;-.' v .v.C-'--'- / V : " ' : ' / ,'.r ' I I I Mi Hil»i.«i II— pi- '| II 1 1 "i Wilfare during the time I was und<-r examination. But need I say what a fiasco I made of it ? My mathematical paper was found to consist of a dis course on Genii ; my Latin composition was made up of a catalogue of places whore enormous diamonds had been secreted; my Greek translation was almost Swadenborgian in its mysticism, for it described the delights of Paradise and ended with an impas sioned prayer- for release from the trammels of the eirthlybody! Notwithstanding this ignominious failure, I strangely enough felt no chagrin. When Jack Brandon commiserated ma, I was listless enough to tell him that my ill-success was a matter of indiffer ence. He could not make me out, for he well knew the feverish anxiety I had exhibited during the term to leave no stone unturned to achieve an Academic victory. Now, I was acting as if I had suddenly become convinced that all my previous efforts were an absurd mistake. He would look at me with an air of deep concern, and sigh heavily at my lack-lustre eye and apathetic expression; then, when he paid nis another visit, he perhaps would keep in a perpetual roar of laughter at what he would designate my quaint flow of language and quick stream of brilliant ideas. My existence at last came to consist of two states — one of which was comparable only to Paradise, for during its continuance I was lifted completely out of earth life into an Elysium where every concep tion was pleasure, every thought a gigantic delight. The second always succeeded to this exaltation of mind, and it was characterised by leaden despair and unspeakable misery! Occasionally, a sense of my real condition stole over me, and I would make frantic though futile efforts to break through the clouds which almost reduced me to an automaton. The effort sometimes restored me to my ormer self for a short time, particularly for the first two years; b it as I neared my 21st birthday, my wandering brain became less and less amenable to reason, until I seemed at last to be living almost con stantly in a world of my own creation, a world which I yet had the sense to know was entirely fut tious. My intensest struggles to shake off the incubus always occurred whenever Ethel Brandon called. > y boyish affection for her was the only emotion w.iich survived the wreck of my brain, and J. cvried it with me into my miserable manhood. Her presence instilled into me a fierce desire to free my elf from the bonds which so cruelly fettered my mind, and to pour words of passionate devotion into her ear — words which should convince her of my sanity and my undying love. But a mocking demon laughed me to scorn before the burning sentences could pass my lips, and told me plainly th it I was mad, as mad as a march hare ! Then Ethel's sweet voice would drive away the fiend and restore me from a profound melancholy; but love would be an impossibility forme that day. "Do you think I am really mad ?" I once had the c mirage to ask, her. "No, no!" was her quick reply. "You simply overworked yourself during that wretched examina tion time. But you will soon be getting better." " Are you not deceiving yourself and me ? " I retorted. "Can you not see that I have been steadily ge ting worse during the last year ? " She commenced to give an evasive reply, which I immediately stopped by saying, "I insist upon a straightforward answer." "I think you have not been quite so well lately, but " "That is sufficient," I interrupted. "Now, one q l stion more. Have I any right to think of mar riage?" "Oh no, not yet," replied Ethel, with a frightened glance. "I do not think you ought to encourage such an idea at present." "I'll crush it down," I muttered in a voice too low for her to hear. This conversation had a most depressing effect, for it destroyed a pet theory I had cherished, that with Ethel for my wife the shadows which held me in bondage would fiee like the mists before the rising sun. She evidently considered my condition to be worse than her kindheartcdness would allow her to express; probably she thought it incurable, but was too good to deny me hope. Then, from the bottomless abyss of despair, caused by these medi tations, I was suddenly borne aloft into the realm"- of everlasting joy,' where golden glories and pur.- delights awaited my soul's coming. I revelled in a free intellect, I put on a peace surpassing human understanding! Heavens ! What a magnificent com pensation for the puny sorrows of the body, what a splendid contrast to the wormlike life of Earth ! But the roseate hues soon began to fade ; a leaden colour pervaded the dazzling gold, and Heaven slowly thrust me back to the world in gigantic despair that it would not close its gates upon me, a willing prisoner! Ethel only, at these times, had the power of moderating the appalling tortures I suffered, and the, alas, was but too seldom with me, so I had to itruggle alone with a frenzy which rent me with such remorseless strength that I move than once contemplated suicide as a certain means of gaining th;.t Heaven which had hitherto only admitted me to thrust me back to misery after just tasting its joys. Have I sufficiently described the extraordinary sta'e of mind which made me look upon the world wi h a hatred so bitter that I loathed it and its so- called pleasures ? But I will once more assert that notwithstanding all my eccentric views of life, I never for an instant entertained the thought that I was really mad. I convinced myself that my con duct was dictated by no deductions from false pre misses, but by an utter intolerance for the ways, manners, and customs of all men except Jack Brandon and his sister Ethel. Yet I was not a mis anthrope, for I hated no one; it was the mortal life I was condemned to live that I disliked, feared, and dreaded, and every transient glimpse I obtained of the opening "eavens served to increase my fear and dread. While I resolutely refused to acknowledge myself tinged with insanity, I still felt that my con duct was so enigmatical, so totally removed from the course pursued by every man on this mundane planet, that others would necessarily fail to see me as I saw myself, and would be less charitably in cline I in their choice of a term to describe my menial state. Tl e blow which I dimly foresaw at last fell. My uncle, who throughout my sad affliction had treated me with unvarying kindness, deemed it his duty to have me legally declared incompetent of mauaging my property. To soften the shock, he considerately suggested that he should still continue to act as my guardian until such time as I should be restored to health. <Thus nothing in my outward life became altered by this decision of the Court, but I felt the new position so keenly, that an almost murderous impulse rose in my mind whenever I saw the man who had wrought me this grievous injury. Fortun ately I succeeded in controlling it, yet for weeks it was an exceeding bitterness to have to assume a friendly bearing towards one who had raised the most impenetrable of all barriers between me aiid Ethel. I was pronounced by law a maniac, and no matter how sane, brilliant, and intellectual 1 might hereafter become, the awful stigma would cut me off for ever from marriage and happiness. I marvel now, as I think of that cruel wrong, tiiat I could i ossibly have exercised such self-restraint. But "all things come to him who waits," and I am deeply thankful that I gave the world no opportunity of seeing my madness further illustrated by a ghastly crime. Eve.- since the commencement of this morbid \- ta! e, my nncle had been very careful to keep m almost- entirely under his personal supervision. He 'arely let me out of his sight for two consecutive hours, and all my walks were taken in his com pany. I felt no annoyance at this surveillance, and only thought it was kind of the old man to be so .sxiously assiduous. But after he had, as it were, reclaimed to the world my maniacal proclivities, 1 endeavoured to let him plainly see that 1 resented 1 is curtailment of my liberty. It was, however, useless to urge him to relax his attentions, so I de er mined to adopt a plan of my own which would shew him that I was perfectly capable of taking care of myself. The plan was a veiy simple one, and it was merely to escape unobserved from the house, sleep at an hotel, and return to my sorrowing rela tive some time during the next day. I imagined that this proceeding would teach him better than anything else that all his excessive precautions for my safety were not only superfluous but ridiculous. No sooner had I conceived the idea than Iresolvea to put it into execution that very evening. When upper time arrived I feigned a headache and re fused to eat. I did this because I imagined my uncle might have guessed my purpose and would therefore think it his duty to visit me several times during the niglit. The idea of course was absurd, but conscience makes one very timorous. Now, nobody with a bad headache would wander about the streets for hours if he could help it, and if my relative reasoned in this way lie would naturally decide in his mind that I would not make the attempt to break my bonds on this particular evening. When I made the announcement uncle Adam looked at me with concern. "Will you not take a little wine ? " he presently said. " No, thank you," I replied. "All I want is a good sound sleep." "A headache is a very unusual thing with you," be continued. "Whore is the pain ? Oh, on the left aide. It i3 evidently neuralgia, and I have some medicine which will soon relieve you." My spirit rebelled against taking his nauseous compound, and I therefore flatly refused to have anything to do with it. My obstinacy seemed to arouse a spirit of opposition in him. He insisted upon my taking something, whether it was food, wine, or physic, but the more he coaxed, bullied, or threatened, so much the more dogged became my resistance. "What can it matter to you, that you insist bo strongly ? " I asked with a considerable amount of irritation. Something in my tone seemed to pull him up. He gave me a half-startled look, and said, "My only bject is to cure yon, and everyone knows that stimu lant and food are the best remedies for neuralgia. But if you choose to be obstinate, I shall cease to urge you." All this wrangling has made my head worse," I replied with a gesture of pain. "I feel so done up that with your permission I will retire immedi ately. Kindly tell the servant not to call me in the morning, as I shall probably sleep late." I rose as I spoke, wished my uncle good-night, and went up the staircase with a thrill of defiance in my heart. Hardly had I arrived at the first -landing when his voice arrested my progress. "Think better of it, Gerald, and hav'c a glass of port ! " "Bother the wine!" I retorted. "The very idea of it nauseates me !" A smothered interjection, suggestive of extreme irritation, was the only. answer I received. lie went back to the dining-room, whilst I mounted to my sleeping apartment and commenced preparation for the midnight expedition. The new excitement seemed to exercise a bene ficial influence over my nerves, for I certainly felt less depressed than I usually did at this time of the evening. But if I was more cheerful, I yet noticed with infinite regret that as the time passed by, the accustomed exaltation of mind which carried my spirit into Ileaven failed to make its appearance. It was a sad deprivation, for the visions I saw were the only things that made my leaden-weighted life endurable. At 11 o'clock, I heard my uncle and the house hold retire. For two hours longer I restrained my impatience to be off, but as the clock struck one, I crept stealthily down the stairs, noiselessly un fastened the hall door, and for the first time for nearly three years found myself standing alone in the streets of London! Holt continued 1 "Mr. TiiompSon's Return.— She's a good-looking, keen-eyed girl of IS, and I shouldn't wonder if sites a stenographer in some business house in New York. I've seen her come over on the Pavonia ferry and take a suburban train on the Erie-road several times, and I always admired the independent and self- reliant way in which she carries herself. She isn't bold or brazen, but sails right along as if she bad certain rights and was bound to maintain them. One day last week as she left the boat a middle-aged man of pleasant features, who had followed her over, crowded her with his elbow and turned and smiled and began an apology. She caught on like a flash. lie had " poked her to create an opportunity, and if not downed then and there he would pester her again. A dozen of us saw and beard what happened. She turned on him, ex tended her hand for a shake, and arl lessly exclaimed : " Why, Mr. Thompson, is that you ? Wis v. the last I heard of you you had run away t o Boston wit h a servant-girl, and your wife didn't, care a cent, ! You must have got hack !" Tie had. lie had got. back so much that his face fired up, the words he wanted to utter stuck in his throat, and lie made a mysterious disappearance about five seconds later. " Knows her biz," observed a man who was walking behind the girl. " You bet 1" replied his friend. " She'll make somebody a staving good wife," Silkworms fed on castor- oil are considered a luxury in some parts of America. The tobacco users of San Francisco expend over 5,475,000 dols. on tobacco annually. Tub report of the Beecher trial published in the New York Times has occupied about 1840 columns. Surveyors at Long Island are now busily engaged in surveying for the extension of. the Southern Rail road from Patchogue to Moriches. " Blizzard," meaning a blinding storm, is a new word of general use "out West," over which etymo logists are puzzling their heads. A patent medicine man recently posted handbills on all the gravestones in a cemetery in Massachusetts. An Iowa bride made every girl of her acquaintance attend her wedding by keeping the name of tie groom a secret until the last moment. Somebody in New York has found out a way of taking pictures, by which they can be taken better in the night than in the day-time. A new social philosopher says the art of flirting is in its infancy. It will be a sad day when the thing is grown up. There is a new Rochefoucauld who says, " Women love but once; endeavour to be the man of every other occasion but that." He has . left his card at the club of the women's rights society, and they want to have a quiet talk with him quite alone. Great excitement was caused in a rich family by the unaccountable disappearance of a gold snuff-box, richly set with brilliants ; and equal satisfaction when a young gentleman of six acknowledged that lie had utilised it as a coffin, and buried it with his pet canary in the garden. Suffering Survived.— A young lady who vowed she'd wear her lover's kisses on her lips until lie should come and take them again, after his journey- ings, survived her sufferings long enough to bestow them on a responsible third party with a stout bank account-. .... A contemporary says: "Two medical societies met in this city the other day. A cargo of grave stones also arrived during the day." It is not often that the eternal fitness of things sticks out in this manner. An Ohio cow devoured a pocket-book containing 600 dollars, and yet the owner can't sell the animal for one-fifth of that sum. He'll never get the green- hack .... , , i A round-shouldered, inquisitive man kicked what he thought was an ornamental dog lying on a step, to see if it was hollow. It wasn't an ornamental dog, and it wasn't hollow, but, was there on business, and the inquisitive man is now rusticating with his aunt till his leg gets well. The mule felt funny and playful, or he wouldn't have upset the milk waggon, kicked the cans full of dust, spilt the milk all over the driver, and gone home with the shafts and front axle tree hanging to him. There is no true confidence to be placed in a mule. One may think he's too lazy to kick and run, but he knows more about himself than we do. A down-easter advertises for a wife in the fol lowing' manner : " Any gal what's got a cow, a good feather bed with comfortable fixins, 500 dollars in hard pewter ; one that's had the measles and under stands tendin' children, can find a customer for life, by writin' a small hilly dux, addressed to Q. /., and sticking it in a crack of Uncle Ebenezer s barn, back side, joinin' the hogpen." , . . According to the rules of relationship, a kid and oleomargarine are brothers. They both in time take the place of the old butter. " Please, sir," said a boy, with two bottles, to a grocer, "mother wants a cent's worth of your best yeast." " Well, which bottle will you have it in ?" " Please, sir, she wants it in both; and won't you put corks in 'em, and send 'em home, as I'm going t'other way ; and mother says she hain't got no cent, but you must charge it." What is the difference between the sun and a boot black ?— The sun shines for nothing, but the boot black shines for 10 cents. „ u never send ft present hoping for one in return. Never. Get your present first, always, and send 'jours when you have time. _ . Tiie Providence Transcript says : " Incivility costs nothing." Come round and be' uncivil to our fighting editor and see. Solan Chase is to call his new paper I be in Steers." After a little experience he may change it to " Them Shears." _ A member of a school committee writes! "We have two schoolrooms sufficiently huge to accommodate 300 pupils, one above the other. 