(Errrmb0. Dull. Show. Opera. Chilly. Caucus. Loyalty. Theatre. Heroics. Rebukes. Garner's. Cassandra. Cyclorama. Bourse tricks. Republicanism. Rain not far off. Country cousins. Elegant croaking. " The Gondoliers." Pessimistic Parsons. Manly Mr. Addison. Scene in the Council. Show day to-morrow. Diplomatic Salisbury. Hon. G. C. Hawker ilL Britannia off to London. Mr. Copley was sat upon. Procrastinating legislators. Absolutely without reserve. "Commonwealth" struck out. " The Gondoliers"—first night. Barometer at coon to-day, 29*93. Musical Ghost Illusion still open. No hay crop in the Lower North. Disaster to German arms in Africa. Ebby evolving into an aristocratic Toiy. Parker Lewis at Victoria Hall to-night. Zoo—Country cousins should not miss it. Chaffey Baker had better hoist the red flag. Must be honourable throughout the Empire. Register is to the front again: with labour news. There are 23,000 fallen women in San FrancisLO. Literary Societies' competition to- morrow night. Hon. W. B. Rounsevell has imported Jersey cattle. There are over 10,000 licensed opium shops in India. Mr. Venning should take lessons in Chairmanship. Brokers in Timbnotoo play quoits for halfsovereigns. "Enough mischief for one afternoon." {Hear, hear.) Pretty scene between Republican Baker and Loyalist Ward. Six branches of the Social Reform Wing are at work in India. It would pay the booksellers to get np a few auctions just now. The "Darkest England" Farm comprises 1,200 acres of land. Ebby armed with a carbine might be dangerous—to himself. Wonderful judgment in selecting Mitylene for gun practice just now. There are seven Homes in Australia where fallen women are received. Parliament is apparently not disposed to do much real work this week. The late lamented Oliver Cromwell was., lauded and libelled yesterday. President Ayers did not think it in order for- Mr. Ward to travel to Beajh's. What about the other man when Ebby shoulders his rifle for the Queen. Jayneal O'Connor has recovered from the Sunday Times damages for libeL Fine show of farm, garden, and dairy produce at the Exhibition Building. Mr. Krichauff should be careful when he throws Latin at Mr. Tomkinson. The Trades and Labour Council have been revising the list of our future rulers. Very easy to strike out a word, but very difficult to insert another—eh, Copley. Sun rose at 6 a.m.: sets at 5.51 p.m. Moon sst at 4.49 a.m.; rises at 3.27 p.m. All the captains of the Australian Squadron are married men. So says a Melbourne pap=t- Another tiy for the Barossa water echem 3. Hon. James Martin riding his splendid hobby again. Compliment to " Hansard" reporting in catching an interjection that escaped fifteen members. Minister of Education invites tenders for school siteB at Rose Park or Dulwich and at Alberton. "Scribbler" having won his little'wager is as happy as a soldier presented with a new wooden leg. Occultists will take £1,000 from Stuart Cumberland, the mind readier, on proving their superior powers. Mr. Weidenhofer has h ad enough of working for apathetic shareholders of Maurice Salom and Co., Limited. Lance Stirling has at last made np his mind about Part XIX. He will" vote against it. What everybody believed. Wonders will never cease—John Downer a single-taxer, Chaffey Baker a Republican, and Langdon Parsons a croaker. The Argus of September 11 "incidentally" mentioned tbat Sir Henry Parkes and Lord: - Charles Scott were not on the most' cor3 : al terms. The Admiral has written emphatics'ly stating that his relations with the Premier are and have always been most cordial. The figure 9 in our date 3 will make a long stay. No man or woman now living will ever date a document without using the figure!' It stands in the third place in 1891, where iiwill remain nine years, and then move up to second place in 1900, where it will rest for 1C3 " yean. The whirligig of time (says 'the Sydney Bulletin) brings its revenges. Sixteen yearsago thes.s. Gambier—then named The Ooean —lately sunk by collision in Hobson's Bay— collided with tbe s.s. Fusing in Chinese waters. The Fusing went down and drownci 200. Chinamen. The seventeenth South Australian Ministry was the Hon. Mr. Ayers', which lasted from. May 3, 1867, to September 24, 1868, and comprised the following:—Henry Ayers, M.L.C.^ ~ Chief Secretary; R. B. Andrews, M.P.,. Attorney-General; T. Reynolds, M.P., Treasurer; L. Glyde, M.P., Commissioner of Crown Lands; and P. Santo, Commissioner o£ Public Works. By means of the four telephone transmitters in Christ Church, Birmingham, the whole of the service on a recant Sunday morning— prayers, reading of lessons, hymns, anthem, and sermon—was heard with the utmost easeby a number of guests, including several Press representatives, in a private house at Stafford, nearly 30 miles away. After a dinner given by Stephen Price, of Drury-lane Theatre, all the guests but Theodore Hook and the Rev. Edward Cannon retired. Price was suffering from gout, but as they disregarded his hints to retire he stole off and left them in high talk. On the following morning he enquired of his servant " Pray at what time did those gentlemen go last night ?" "Go, sir !" replied John. " They're not gone; sir; they have just rung for coffee 1" The circulation attained at the present day by the leadincr metropolitan and provinc' il papers is in some instances very large. The Daily Telegraph and the Standard east circulates close on a quarter of amillion copies. Amongst the London evening papers the Star, the Echo, and the Evening News, and Post each claims a circulation of 200,000 copies or thereabouts. Of the penny weeklies Lloyd''« Newspaper heads the list with half a million copies, and a further half-million is divided between the Weekly Dispatch and Beynolis'i Newspaper. Other London circulations are the Police News, 300,000; the Referee, 160,000; the Illustrated London News and the Graphic, from 120,000 to 130,000 oopies-each. FAX.—Suppose you had been in England al the early part of the seventeenth oentury, and suppose you had been travelling, say over . Salisbury Plain on a hot summer's day, and while yon are about it just fancy yourself calling at a wayside hotel where the teapot was in the ascendant, and asking for a buttered roll and a cnp of tea. What do yon think yon would be charged for such homely provender? Why Sir, prior to 1637 the cost of * single lb. of tea varied from £6. to £101 So you can very well suppose the prioa of a cup of tea, if procurable at all, to have been at least five shillings. Don't you think so? Then in 1660 when the " merrie monarch" sat upon the throne from which his papa was thrown hi 1649, a duty of eightpenoe per gallon was charged upon the deeotion or infusion which, is it? if brewed for sale. But aooording to- Cocker, I mean Anderson the Sootoh Antiquarian, the East India Company began to import tea in 1669, and soon brought down ts» price. 