; THE LAST RELIEF. ' ; Bt Eudyaud Kxfukq. (Froiivitta &«w.-|jcndon Monthly Three- Mflgaxino, .» The Ludgato i . HHtnde tonth uroii tli« moor— _ Oh, false to me and mine I _y . W-tho naked ghost eatna to my door . Andbado me tend the klce. . . ." The nakod pbost eatna to my door And flickered to and fro, Ami «yao itvliimpored through tho crack . Wr 'Jennie, lot mo go.'" < —Old BaUad. t Nothing is easier than the adminintra- . tion of an empire, 10 loon as thcro is a supply of. administrators, Nothing, on tha other hand, ia mora difficult than I short handed mdwi mi titration. In India, whero every man holdiog Authority . slots a certain grade must bo kipesiatty. imported from England, . .'this difficulty. crops up at unexpected j seasons. Then -the great empire staggers Inking, Tike a North Soa fianicg smack, . . ;WUh screw of two man and a boy, until n If rash floppty of food/or fever arrives from \- / iBsnland, and the gaps are filled up. 8csneof-thc provinces are permanently \- ahorUhaiaded, oceause their rules know that'll they givo man just a JitUomore . jWoskthaa heorado.-ho contrives to do if. <7nmrtfce man's pointefview tbisiswaete- r ial, but it heina the empire forward ; and jflcah-andbiooa are vory cheap. Tho young ' unco— aod young men sre'nleaye exacting . —expect too much at the outsoo. Thoy \- some to indiatdesinngeareonand money, : janda little success, and louotimcs a wifo. . jTlrtte ia no-limit to their desires, butrin o . . Jfew ycara it is expttiued to thorn by the . 'ahy-above, theearih bsocsth, and tho smm \atonnd, that they are of far less import- aaoa than. their work, sad that it really jdoeanotooooern thema sires whether thoy llivo ordio so lung as that work con tinues;- Alter they bavo learnsd this Hmsoq they become men worth coneidora- Mabyaeaaoos ago the gods attacked the <"rTartoDofthsftfti'flrTifnnit of India iinthe hoart of Ik# hot season. Thoy learned pestilaaoe sad frmiseo, and kitlod 'tha men who were deputed to deal with ' : eaeh paatileode and every famine. Thov Tnihn-fhn small ptrr serosa adesert, and it Sdlhd four Eogthfaneu ooe after tlio wther, Iemring 30,000 eqttaro miioe mator- am lor many days Thoy ovon caused /the cholera to attack tho reoL-rve ; Mapota the . sanitaria in tlio Hima- ilayaa.— wfaera men 'wore waiting on ' ' ' fum ' till their turn should come \- to' to 'down into tho heat. They ' ifcttled nen with sunstroke who otherwiso /night hare- lived for throe mouths longer; «3— this was msan— thoy causod a 'atioeg man to tomhlo from his horao and /break. hia;D#ok just when ho was most Beaded, it wQl not bo long— that ia to hay, five or six years will pass— bofore those who sarrtvod forgot that station of tabulation, when thoy danced at Simla mtth wires who fared that thoy might bo Widows before tho morning, nnd when . jthe daily pipers from tho plains conlinod Itbemulrea , entirely to oue kind, of domestic occurrence. K-"\ ' Ohly the Supremo Government never (blenched.' It sat upon the lull tops'of obnla, .amoeg tho pines, and called for return and statements as usual. Sturio- V Jtimea it called to a dead man, but it always yecelTodthercturnias soon as his successor teould toko his place. .Jliekottaof Myndonio died, nmlwnsro- " Sieved by Oartor. Catter was invalided ifaome, but he worked to tho last minute t . , 'BOd left no arrcnts. lie wns ro- ' jliived by Morton-ilolt, who was too young for the work. Holt died of tabhstrqke when the famino was in iSIyndonie. He urns relieved by Darner, a Man borrowed from another province, .who did all he could, but brolto down from overwork. Oromor, in London on a year's leave, was dragged out by telegram from the cool darkneas of a Broraptou Hit e : ito. the white heat of Myndonio, nnd he i,. ' - held - fist. Thai ia the rouerd of Myn- L dome alone. K , / ( Oo ths Moonea Canal tfcroo mon r --:; 'went down '; in tlio Kahan district, when cholera was at its worst, \- jtbcM more. In the Divisional Court \- <4 Bshtnpur two good mon wero oc- . 'counted for, and eo the record ran. (exclusive of tho wives nnd littlo . < > (children. It wai a great gamo of gcnoral -? . (post with death in all the corners, nnd it :<j Kirovs the Governmont to their wits' end 1 ;/ |to tide over tho croublo till autumn should -> bring tho new drafts. \- ft The gods had no morcy, but tho t . (uovemmenc anu rne men is ctnpmyuu f (hid no fear. This annoyed tlio gods, f iwho an immortal, for thoy per- 1 i <rtved that tho men whose portion I eras death woro creator than they, j The gods am always troubled, oven in %y their paradises,, by this senso of in- ( leriority. They know that it is so easy I . for : themselves to be strong nnd cruol, 1i and they ore afraid of boing Jaiig!ie<l nt. igotfcey smote more furiously tlinu over, u«sta a a swordsman slashes at a chain toj . . . iprove the tempor of his blade. I . ThV : chain el men parted for an iu- »stane at tho stroke, but it closed up . - jegain. ah'd conthiued to drag the Ein- J - ruire forward, and not ono hvins link of .- . it nog false, or waa weak. Ail desired ; tl ife, aud . love, and tho light, and liquor. ; V iis&d; lsrks, but' none tho less thoy diod f .without whimporiug. Tiioroforo the gods I/-, would have continued to siar tliom tiil ' . 'jthu very dsy, had not ono num foiled. , . 'jj»Hisnamow&s; Haytlon, nnd, buingyoung 4ie looked for all that young men ticairu ; . mort of all ho looked forlorn, lie had |beeaattwork in tho Glrdhauri district for eleven months, till fever and prensuro : Ittd shaken his nerve more than ho kuovr. At' Jtafc' ho bod taken tho holiday that <waa bla / right — the holiday for which ' tt»>hsd saved up one month a year j tor/three years put. Koyto, a \- Jbsmiy reliered him one hot after s' ; Bora,-' Hsydon shut his ink-stained oitico 3 ibpbpscknl himself seme thiek clothes — | jW fiid been bring in cotton-ducks for r - otmiaontht— gsvo his file of awcat-dottod ' jpajiei, uv Koyto slide a piece of blotting t- ; ' paper betweontho nakod arm and the desk If? wan left that parehed station of roaring > . 'dust Itonns for Simla and the cool of tho ' .Mows, i , . There he found rest, nnd tho pink ic'1; prickly-heafc faded from his ' f pody,andboitiy idfo he went a-courting :' ' Witaoutiknqwing it. . After a doccnt ' kat«rTal,'be fouud liiraaolf drifting very jreatly-aioQg the road th'at>'luads to the j-.'4 . jhurch, and a pretty ; girl helped .ffitin-; ;; He; enjoyed his moils, wns r-'::- --jfxoe . .fop", \ tho intolerablo strain 3,- wl \bedfly; dboomfort, and as ho TY -Qaob upon tho tormont fof: "(udtheiiilrtr-wiappednlainsbolow, laughod K ' ' M ttilM>lad ucaood honorably, and I VWonld taJk prettfiy to a prettygirl, who, »K -V-;MbefeltMrt«-weatd in a littio time aniwor r5 Y' ifO.Mop'WtSB aqntiim at it should bo Kii". - ' ,'bat of aitaral-perTeriity and an in- pbysiqncXte, at Girdhauri, one l'veiifaig mld his haad upon hia table and end newa was .cfiaihed?iip ri to v Birela : that the <lis- k;. £irt Giidfai|ri; eiil1ed for a new head. |' -/MVM 'oemttiiid'\ to.: . Haydoh tbsc ho r>Lv.v -Wdtild be tn-tty way ' Concerned, till vHmBeTtom 'a' 'of Government,. >aid: >>I'm ; much' ' afraid— that ,TwiU:have:.'''lo ;. drop, ' your leave- mfemid.Borbaelt ta-Girdhauri. You soe, vto.'v'tynd,,exe The rh9iteM thtaseaaon ; aud Tll-do all I- eau afraid— I'm S£ethJR''tatMlaaat afraid eMbffilk' tbakHafdon rnhatso -.to hi. come tho Guvormnent might repay him -tho lost mouths if at wcro not too abort- lianded. in tho rooaunmo ho would roturn to duty. Tho nssiitaiiCKin tho Hara- kiri of Japan are nil intimnto friemds of tho man who must die. Thoy liko bin immensely nnd 'they bring him th&newsof; his doom with polite sorrow. Bub- hejuust die, for that is required of him. ilamorton wculdliavo spared Haydon, hod it been possible, but indeed he was tho healthiest inauin tho ranks, and ho knew tho district. ' You will go down to-morrow," raid llaincrtoii. M The regular notification will nppcnr in tlio ' Gazotto" Inter on. Wo can't stand on forma. this year." Ilalon said nothing, because tboso who govern India- nboy tho Jaw. IJo looked (it was cfaiingnb tho lioo of tho sun-flushed snows forty miles to tho east, and at the palpitating licat huzo of tho plains fifty miles to tlio west ; and his hoart souk. -lie wished to stay in Simla, to continuo bis wooing, and ho knew too well tho torments-tliat wero in storo for him inGirdhauri. Ills ncrro was broken. Tho coolness, tho-dnnccs. tho dinners tluit wore to oorno, tho scont-of tho Simla pines nnd the wood-smoko, .thoennter of lioruos' feut on tho crowded mallturncu his heart to rrntor. . He could have woptpfcs&iotiAicly;, liko n little child, for his lost holiday and his lose love,. and liko a littlo child baulked of its play, he bocaino filled with choap spite that can only hurl tho owner. The mon at tiioolub woro sorry lor him, but ho did not want to bo-condoled with, lfo was angry and afraid. Though ho rccog- nisod tho necessity of tho injustice that imd boon dono to liitn, ho conceived that it could all bo put right by yet nnothor injustice, ntid then . . . and then somebody o!ho would lutvo to dohiswork, for he would be cwit of it for over. Ho reflected on this while he was hurry ing down tho hill sides, uftor a last iutor- viow witli tho pretty girl to v/hom ho had said nothiug tlio wns not common- place nnd inconchnivo. This Inst fnifuro made him the moro angry with himself, and tho spite nnd tlio rago incrcanud. Tho air grow warmer and wnnnur (is the enrfc rattled down tho inouutnin roadtill at last tho hot stale stiliuuss of tho plains closed ovar his lioad liko heated oil, nnd ho gasped for breath nmong tno ury unto- palms at Kalka. Then came the long level rido into Umballn, tho stench of dust which breeds despair, the Ihno- washed walls of Umballn station, hot to the hand, thoqgh it wan 11 at night, tho greasy rancid ineal sorvod by tho sweating son'onts, tho badly trimmed Jumps in tho'ovcn-liko waiting room, and tlio whining of innamborablo mosquitoes. That night, lie remembered,, there would bo a dauco nt Simla. Ho was a very That night Unntcrion sat nt work till lata iti tho old Simla foreign oflico, which was a rambling collodion of match-boxes packed away in a dark by-path under tho pines. Ono of tho wondoring storms that run before tho rceuhtr breaking of tho monsoon had wrapped Sirnlatu whitomtsi. Thu rnin was roaring on tho nlringlcd, tin- patched roof, nnd the thunder rolled to and fro among tho bills, oa a ship rolls in tho seaways. Haincrton called for a lamp and a firo to drive out tho smell of mould and forest undergrowth that cropt in from tlio woods. Thu clorkn and secretaries had left tho oflico two .hourts ago, and thcro remained only ono nativo orderly, who sot tlio lamp and wont away, llamcrton returned to his papers, and tho roico of tho rain roso and fell. In tlio pauses he could catch tho crunching of riukuhaw wheels and tho olntler of horses' feet going to tho danco nt the Vicoroy's. These ceased nt hut and tlio rain with thorn. Thu thunder drew ofT muttering towards tho plains, and nil tho UrippiiiL' plno-troes sighed with relief. 44 Orderly !" said Bnmorlon. Ho fancied tliot ho beard somebody moving about tho rooms. Thoro was no answor, oxccpb a deep- drawn breath at thu door. It might conio from a panther prowling about thn vo ran dans in scaich of a pet dog, but panlhors generally auuficd in a dcoperkoy. This wns a thick, gasping breath, as of ono who had been runntug swiftly, or lay in deadly pain. Ilamorton tistonod again. Thcro certainly was somebody moving about thu Foreign Oflico. Ho could hear boards creaking in for-oflT rooms, and. un certain steps on the rickety stnircnsc. Hiuco tlio clock marked close upon mid night, no ono had a right to bo in the oflico. aud was going to make n search, when the steps nnd tho heavy breathing cnuiu to tho door again, nnd stayed. Who's thcro I " said Hauierton. " Como in 1 " Again tho heavy breathing, and a thick, short cough. " Who relieves Haydon ?" said a voico outside. ' Haydon ! Haydon I Dying at Um balln. lie can't go till ho is relieved. Who relieves Ifoydon ?" Hamerton darlicd .to tho iloor and opomsl it to find a stolid messenger from tho telograph office, breathing throtiuh his nose, niter tho manner of nntivvn. Tho man hold out a telegram. " I could not find tho room at firut,'1 ho said. "Is thoro nn nunwor ?" Tlio telegram was from tho stntion- manlarat Umbnlln, and uaid— 'EiirUkIi- man killed. Up-inail t2. Slipped from platform. Dying. IJaydnn. Civilian. Iiuform Govt." "There in no answer," said llamcr ton, and tlio man wont nw»y, bat tho fluttering whisper nt the door continued — " llnydon ! Ilnydoii 1 Who roliovos Haydon ? Ho must not go till ho ieroluived. llnydon! llny don i Dying at Umballn. For pity's sake bo quick i" ilamorton thought for a minuto of tho pityfully short rooter of men avnilab!u,nud answered quietly : " Flint, of Do- gauri." Thou and not till thondidthu hair begin to rice on his hood, aud Hatnorton, secretary to Govern ment. neglecting tho lamp and tho pnpors, went out vory quickly from tho Foreign Office into tho cool, wet night, (lis curs wero tingling with tho sound of a dry dcuth ruttlo, arid ho was ufruid to sontmuc Ins work. Now, only tho gods know by. whoso design ami intention Haydon had slipped from the dimly lighted Umballu platform under tho wheels of tho mail that wn to tako hlm bnak to his distriot, but siuco tliry lifted tlio pcstilonco on bis dentil, we muy assumo that they had proved their authority ovor tho minds of men, and found ono' man in Indth who waa afraid of present' pain. . 