OLD WORLD SP0BT. By 'Cooramin.' London, April 10. The Great Metropolitan Day at Epsom means to the Londoner the beginning1 of the racing season so far as holiday-making- is concerned. Time was, before this racs had fallen from its high estate to its com paratively present low level, the licensed victuallers considered themselves in duty bound to patronise this fixture, it being more a. day for. the missus and the girls than even the Oaks itself ; : being, in fact, the ' Bungs' ' race par excellence. However, ws have changed all this, although the substance remains, and this anniversary wae not behind its predecessors as far as holiday folk is concerned. The attendance was a eurprisincly good one, considering that ihe atmospheric conditions were all against outdoor amusement. The Bt&nds; and re served enclosures were very well filled. Of coarse the Prince of Wales was there, and in his team came a number of distinguished people, includ ing Lord Randolph ChnrchilL who is probably making his last visit to an English racecourse before departing on his famous expedition to the new El Dorado, M-mhriTi«.li\pri . I do not propose to deal with tho minor races, and Z will merely mention the Metropolitan, to say that a most popular victory was gamed for the Duke of Beaufort with Bagimunde. a 3-year-old, can ying fist 7ib, 41b over. This is the second year in succession tbat Alec Taylor has landed this important event for his dnoal patron. During the day it was announced tbat Sir James Miller, the owner of Sainfoin, had purchased- Tittle' Tattle, one of the leading favorites for the City and Suburban, from Mr. T. G. Wilson, for 3500gs and ?the stakes, should she win, Mr. Wiiaon keeping con trol of the filly until after the nee. Thin was a preity good deal for the astute Wilson, who only a few months ago paid 1600gs for the animal. Wilson is one of fortune's favorites, for whether as hacker, layer, or horse-dealer, he always oomea ont on the right side. - In contrast to the previous day, the City and Suburban was decided under favorable conditions. Although the sun declined to ahed his rays in eufficien' force to remind us that we were already in the first month of spring, the ohuige from rain and gloom was much appreciated. . Tiie absence of dust caused the road to be well patronised, and the Btring of vehicles of all kinds wending their way to the Downs wonld have done justice to an ordinary Derby Day. Boyalty was again well represented by H.BJI. and & strong party of notables, which included Prince Christian and the Duke of Cambridge, to say nothing of his friend the millionaire Baron Hiraoh, whose first ap pearance it was after a somewhat severe illnees. He is quite a recognised member of ike Prince's Met, much to the chagrin Jtad annojaoce of gertaja Igeggjle Belect a little fortritfii ;jttm_ ib ^t^ii^sSi&-i^ia-- panion. - ': -? ? ? ' ?-' ? ? ? ~ ' The card yielded sonle exoellent Bport, and the ' doubtful theory thai .winners axe a* easy to JBnd in large «s in sm%U fields Teceived a atrong oontradic 'tion. The only favorite in fact that «am« to the front during the day was The Bejebted, which, ably ridden by Mr* Abinjrton, who. is now very little behind onr best professionals in the pigskin, won after an exciting struggle by a neck. The finish was a series of bump- , ing matches, in which kind ot baeinees 1( the Squire ' was too many guns for George Barrett. The protest whioh the latter eutered was epeedily diBmissed oy the stewards. Afieldof 15 for the City and Suburban was exactly theBame as last year, when Beve d' Or, Vaaistai, a&d; Workington finuihed in the first three places, itra tirio again met on thu oooauon, and to ?dd to the ooisoidenoo, Workington occupied Ms old place ftf Wri, Otot o&oa; loo&tg; ?s it b* wmld :takf th« pmate fratittoa. 1 handBomer lot of hones has eeldok oontari«S *k!s popular handicap, or mdeed any other race, and visitors to the paddock were loud in tfieir praise's of the condition and appearaoce of the oandidstet Tfaa Only one of the field which was not saddled in th« paddock was the very animal that I took most interest ul, this being Mr. DgjtieliCooper's Dorcaa, whioh had done something smart at Newmarket in giving 1Kb tOfltfeinoirjnbatriftl and beating tbatpgood fi&y; very easily. I -was ail ^he more anxiooe to see Her perform, *o Mat DaVson trusted to b--r to gvt a line toe Mons Mas. ' Dorcas was pretty heavily backed i-j the stable, and it is said that Mr. VVillie Cooper h»d. a thousand on her . at a remunerative price. Unfortu nately for that gentleman, tbe filly ' .did not win, ' though she ? made a ver ; reapettabl^ Bbow, ami was far the best of all the 3-year-oids in the race; includ ing the much-vaunted i ittle Tattle. Until -within half an hoar of the race, L' Aboesse de Jonarre and Lord George, the Lincolnshire hero, ran a dead heat for favoritism; but . at the bat moment there was snch a ruth to back tie unlucky Vasietas that Baron Hireoh's horse wae landed at the top of the poll, starting at 4 to 1, while Tittle Tattle, which had been backed for tona of niOuey on tha strength of some supposed trial, declined to 10 to 1. .^be web the only one of. the field that dji appointed jradges.whsn stripped, k»nd Bo.far ^^m having made 'tihi. progress claimed for her, 'ehe hai'm' my opinion not improved one bit. A good start was effected at the .third attempt, and Sabrica quickly, took & con siderable lead. The immediate .followers of this turned loose 4-year-old were Hiatus and . that arrant thief Bullion, and then again Working^ n, Dorcas, Bod Eagle, and Tittle Taitie, wMeNionthorpe and Beve d?Or were !or tbe thne outpaced. After tnrniag Tattenhsm Corner Worniiigton beaded Bullion and went dear of Le Nord, Lord Ge»r - e, and Dorcas, the next ivatch beinp L' Abbesee Ae Jona«v, Vasistas, and N nnthorpe, the hitter slowly 'but fttorety making up for lost time. A quarter of a mile from home the field frroke up with! the retirement of tht» leaders, andNunthotpe at once btrcan to occupy a prominent poeiti n, aid, with Dorcas and Vaeistas, followed close in tho track of Workuieton, -L' Abbesse de Jouarre here made her effort j hat it was only a nickering one, and ehe died away very quickly. Her stable, companion, .Nnathorpe, b»weif«rT wae «qyal to the oceisitn, and putting in sopite M^. yrKaJ^^be tppk the lead at ihe stand, and from thence to the m&xang; post maiie a gip at every stride, eviyatu&ily; winning very easily by three lengths. Bullion eo fai mended his manners on this oceas on aa to deprive Working ton of second money on the post; The result was received with absolute silence, for no ose was pre pared to eee a 25 to 1 outsider romp in, especially waen its owner was Coiond Nortn, who gaaeraily backs his horses when he-'a&oies; thbm to a very stiff extent. He did sot falipw Nuiith rpe to ran qoite loose, however, for his astute commissioner, Captain Car vie a, has been for weeks past picking up loug odds about the animal rural a large ut ie was aocn mula ed. This wae a c ever move on -th- part of the Nitraf Ejng, who is so well known to be- a plunpor that, if -be openly backs one of hje- horns, it imme diately comes to a ridiculous, j shortprice, T3ks vic tory ot Workington would have been, reoaived with great satisfaetioD, for its owner, Mr. James Lowther, is such a wood sportsman tud ttr .ight goer, that everybody iikei to see him win, moie ?^'p'jf'TTfiHy as he racea for the love of the taing solaly aud never allow* filthy lucre to enter into his calcuiatrova. Of Dorcas I have already said that she ran very well indeed, and finished weil up with the placed horses, aiid she might easily have been closer had ber rider ehogei;., Sfae could not, however, give tbe weight away to older horses. The Australian colt Wentworth, whiih was phrchased for a iong price by Mr. Daniel Cooper at Ihe sale of the Hon. James White's horses', and for which he refused .£1000 advance on his bargain from Lord Bandolph Churchill, made his debut in the Epeom Spring Cop, and a very iugioriouv display he made. He has exactly the same fault atf Kirs ham asd Harel lan, of sot being able t« i,et hi* front legs away. H« has, in fact, quite as bad action as eitnar of those fear ful frauds. I am very m&ah; afraid that Mr. Cooper already repents his bargaiu, and I very much doui)t if ever he will see a tenth part of bis money back, for Nepean has the repnt«, not undeserved, lii^eTB, of being absolutely the slowest hone in Eng-;and. Of Mons Meg, they have greater hopes, for she moves much more freely and seams to eovax the ground at a pood pace. I know as a matter of fact that Mat Dawson thought she could have won the Middle-Park Plate last year. Up to the present, however, the stable has had no line to go by, and uuiess Duross can tell them a tale they will De quite in the dark as to the merits of the Australian filly, bo far as looks ace concerned there is not an aninsal superior to hex at Newmarket, but to my eye her action is rather high, and she looks more like a stayer th*a a, sprinter. It ia unfortunate that Mr. White's erp usiv^ experiment . turned out so badly. It is dearly a mistake sending Ijtonag horses; over, for somehow their joints appear to becotne'etLffened by oonfinemeafcpn, Board ship. Old horses like Bingmaster, having their joints set, do not suffer in the same wey, and I fed sure there will be so risk whatever in eandine over aainiais which have matured. I woul-i dearly love to eee a real good ' Waler ' measnre strides with the- best of the Eng lish oracks over iaayTdist»nce of pwrane^ftiid Ife»l Bute that such a one as Carbine wonld show any of our champions the way over the Cup courses at Assot or Goodwood. Perhaps some day Mr. Donald Wallace may be inclined to try the experiment and show what Australian horses really ean do. . The Jockey Club is still investigating the 4ondnat of certain owners and jockeys, and rumor has it Vast action will be taken against a vuxy prominent racing man whose ways have not b»«n quite so straight u they might have been. The brothers Lo&tes;, Biokaby, and other ileadins.jocka are stili -under tae ban of our racing, .an^horit es, uid:it*8eema.sa it they are likely to remain without licences 'for some time longer. They have had a severe lesson, and I do not think they will fail to pr fit by it. It is supposed that the Jockey Club will shortly relent so far as the Marquis of Ayleshnry and Sherrard are concerned, acd that the noble sports jj an and his whilom trainer will be eble to come and go freely over Newmarket Heath as of yore. There has altrays bees an under current of feeling that the Marquis was sot half so guilty as he was supposed to be, and that, while he suffered the penalty, others profited by the alleged swindles. A new form of drawing-roosi entertainment has lately come into vogue, and has become quite popular among the grande domes du monde. I ftlluiie to pugilistic contestsrmore than one of whioh has been held lately in houses where such occurrences would hardly he looked for. A few evenings ago the Jtsaxi ot lialedon provided tor the entertainment of a number of his lady friends, including Lady Bandolph Churohill and, I believe, the tuiore wife of the Mar quis of Hartdngton (the D»wager Duchess of Man chester), a sparring matoh between Bill Cheese and another .exponent of the noble art of self- defence, who battled for a biggUh prize given by his Lordship. The bruisers did not Bpate each other, but went in all they knew for blood and knocks out, for be it known that the ladies intimated to their host that they wouid pre fer seeing real butineea and no foolery. I was not one of the favored guests, but a friend who was there tells me that blood flowed freely, and that everything went off with as much eclat as if the Pelican or the National Sporting Club had been the scene. What shall we come to next ? Shall we hare noble ladies donning tbe mittens, and giving an assaalt-starms under Boyal patronage for the benefit of some charity at the Albert Hall? It is quite possible. Fencing is now recognised as a portion of a lady's education, and very many conld take their part with most men who indulge in that delightful exercise. . Mrs. Langtry in particular is wonderfully' proficient, and fences with muoh grace and skill. There are to be grand doings at Byde the coming season, as the Emperor of Germany is to be present. He has purchased the Thistle, which was built to compete for the America Cup, bat failed to fulfil ex pectations. She will be renamed the Meteor,, and his Majesty hopes to win the Queen's Cup with her. . : I had a long chat with JJed Lori the. other day.. As yoa know he rowed in the Cambridge boat, this year and, aja he is competent to judge, I asked him what was his opinion as to the chances of an Australian crew being able to hold their own with the -beet Eng lish roweis. He says that in his opinion Ausiraiia&B; would not have the ghost of a show- Their style is altogether inferioi., and- it would take many months of hard coaching to eradicate the inherent faults which have been perpetuated, especially in Sydney. This is poor comfort for those who talk about sehdicg a crew home in the expectation that they would carry all before them. No one can .accuse Ned Lord' of being arejudieed in such a matter, and I hare eosa* deuce in his judgment. 