It is amusing to hear those hon. members of the Assembly who have undertaken the defence of the Railway Commissioners constantly , declaiming against a return to political management, when everyone is fully aware that the Railways have for years been mismanaged by the Commis- sioners acting under, political pres- sure. "We venture to say that more rank jobs have been perpetrated at tlie instance of members of Parliament since the Commissioners took office than during the time the lines were admittedly under political influence. As a rule, the jobs have gone unchallenged. It was useless for the Opposition to expose them, because tho Minister would at once have referred to the great powers of the Commis- sioners and denied responsibility. The difference between the old system and the new is that, whereas under the former the Ministry of the day refrained from countenancing any striking abuse because it would be called to account for it by the House, under the latter the Minister of Railways might connive at some improper proceeding and lay the whole blame upon the Railway Commis- sioners. There is no intention in any quarter to return to political management, but if there were any such desire its exponents would be entitled to say that an open political system was better than a covert one, seeing that under the latter there is no real responsibility anywhere. That the "non-political" system has been politically administered there is abundance of evidence to show. Again and again Mr. Gillies, when he was in office, told the House that the deficit was due chiefly to the pertinacity of hon. members in bringing pressure to bear upon the Commissioners to induce them to make reductions in fares and freights, to increase the number of trains run, and to expend money on works which were not required. " You all know that is so," said Mr. Gillies, on one occasion, and the House silently assented. The Minister appeared to think that by extorting this confession from hon. members he had triumphantly vindicated the then existing state of affairs. To our minds he merely convicted himself. The purpose of the Railway Act was to banish the political element from Railway management, and the greatest care was taken to place the Commissioners in a position of complete independence, being answerable to Parliament as a whole, and not to individual members, nor even to Ministers. But a Minister of Railways was retained, and why ? Surely not merely to act as a message bearer between the Commissioners and the Assembly. His mission was to see that the Railways Act was carried out in its inte- grity, and how did the late Minister fulfil that duty? We have his repeated confessions in the House that he knew the Commis- sioners had ignored the spirit of the Act, and were allowing their actions to be guided by political considerations—that, in point of fact, the Commissioners were doing that for the prevention of which they had been employed at high salaries. Mr. Gillies was very well aware that the Commissioners were acting irregularly — that no formal meet- ings were held, and no minutes were kept, that, in fact, the Railway Act was treated as a dead letter by the very officers entrusted with its administra- tion. Knowing all that, why did he not intervene? We feel persuaded that had he at the very outset of the Commissioners' entrance on the wrong path called their attention to the spirit and intention of the Railways Act, and pointed out that the only legal course for them to pursue was to manage the railways on strictly commercial principles, sub- ject to the provisions of the law under which the corporation was consti- tuted, many of tho abuses which have sprung up would never have arisen. But he did not do anything of the kind. He concealed from the House and the public his knowledge of the systematic violation of the law, and there is every reason to believe that it was with his sanction that Spencer-street came to be the daily scene of political seances at which the Chairman of the Railway Commis- sioners appoared as the bountiful Jove, and members of Parliament as the grateful recipients of favors from one of the public servants. We may even go further than this and aver that Mr. Gillies himself utilised the money spending power of the Railway department for political purposes, and more particularly for the purpose of keeping himself in office. Mr. Gillies has yet to address the House upon the Railways Act Amend- ment Bill, and he should clearly understand that his own conduct as well as that of the Commissioners is arraigned. He has to tell the House why he allowed political influ- ence over the railway management to be completely re-established without moving a finger to prevent it, and why, knowing what was going on, he had the audacity to come before the House and say that the conduct of the Commissioners was so admirable in every respect that an addi- tional sum of £2000 should he added to their yearly salaries. It is now notorious that the Railways management was very bad indeed, even at the time that recom- mendation was made—that the surplus of that year was due principally to the rush of business during the Exhibi- tion, but partly, as is alleged, by holding over expenditure to the following financial year. If the Minister of Railways was ignorant of the real state of affairs he was unfit for the position he held, and if he knew and con- cealed the facts from Parliament he ought not even to occupy a seat in the House. There is no doubt about the fact that poli- tical influence had been fully established in the Railway management at the time Mr. Gillies proposed to largely increase the salaries of the Commissioners, who were already handsomely paid, and the question arises whether that increase was the reward of the Commissioners' sub- serviency. There is nothing very surprising in the fact that Mr. Gillies and the Rail- way Commissioners worked harmoniously together when the Minister could employ the department as a political force and the Commissioners got salaries higher than the law allowed them, and had prospects of further advances. When Mr. Gillies rises to mako his defence it will be for him to show what means he took to restrain the Commissioners from violating both the spirit and the letter of the law, whether or not the unwise reductions of fares and freights were made at his instigation or with his sanc- tion, and what remonstrances, if any, he addressed to the Commissioners as to the growing extravagance of Railway management and the lavish expenditure on new lines. The Commissioners have been very much in evidence in the present debate, but the country does not forget that those gentlemen could not have brought Railway matters to their present pass but for the action or inaction of the late Minister of Railways. Considering the prevalence of political influence during his administration, he can hardly follow some of his colleagues in denouncing the 31st cluuse as reintro- ducing the system of Ministerial patron- age. The House has only to adopt Mr. Wheeler's suggestion to bring all the employes in the construction branch under the Public Service Board, and not a ghost of patronage will be left in the Bill. But such hon. members as are pledged to defend mal- administration in the Railways may as well raise one false issue as another. Mr. Munro is fully justified in seeking to put a limit to the duration of Royal Com missions by tlio only method readily avail able, namely, by stopping supplies. Tho notable sinner in tlio way of persistent, uncompromising prolongation of exis tence is tho Vegetable Products Com- mission, . and there is not the slightest likelihood of its giving up tlio ghost so long as it enjoys tlio privilego of an annuitant, and can draw an income. Seven years ago, when it was called into being, the expectation was that it would behave as all decent Commissions had previously done : get together sufficient evidence to formulate a useful report on tho subject it was appointed to investigate, and then hand in its credentials. No ono oitlior inside Parliament or outside imagined that a casual body, nominated for a specific purposo, would aspiro to become a porxmireift department of tho State. It has long been apparent, how- over, that while a vegetable product un familiar to Victorians can bo discovered in any part of the world, or a process con nected with vegetation can afford an excuso for a treatise, this Commission will continue sitting ana reporting. It has just comploted the onorous task of showing how ilowors may bo cultivated and trans formed into odoriferous essence ; and this, too, in a countiy which during spring is overrun with pittosporuin nnd wattle, capable, when the business can be made to pay, of supplying ..every available market with bottled per fume. If a responsible individual, to whom tho performancoof a temporary duty had been confided, had ventured to spin out his work to such attenuated issues, he would have linen summarily dealt with. But a corporation, ns Sydney Smith dis covered, possesses neither a sonl cnpablo of being saved nor any appurtenance that can bo comfortably kicked. In those days of prolonged fasting, oven de clining to administer to . tlio sustenance of the Vegetable Products Commission may not cause its instantanoous dissolu tion, but it would relieve the Treasury of furthor depletion on its behalf, and that is the point where Mr. Munro feels most deeply affected. Tho behavior of this Commission should cause it to play the part that tho drunken helots played in ancient Sparta, and stand ns a tremendous warning to all futuro Parliaments. "When the duty of appointing a Royal Commission on any subject wliat&ver; becomes unavoidable, care must bo taken to embody a dolinito term for dissolution as an essential element in the contract. One of our con temporaries has been anxious to hand over the, railway imbroglio for the consideration of a Commission, tlie objoct evidently being to postpone indefinitely tlio settle ment of the railway difficulties, and the relegation of thopresent managers to a posi tion of subordination. It may lie hoped that Parliament, having learned iiow much easier it is to create a Commission than to annul it, will entrust all inevitable business of investigation to Select Committees of its own members, whose career ends with the Parliament that appoints them. Such committees have to account directly to their fellow members for tho work they undertake, and, as has recoutly been shown in connection with the malleo land disputes, can get with rapidity through labor of a fairly arduous character, and furnish an intelligent and useful report. The Vegetable Products Commission will not have lived in vain if it prevents Governments in future from rnshly rosortiiig to tlicso cumborsomo , and apparently iiulestruotiblo organisations. It should rojoico the heart of tho metro politan' ratepayor to know that if some time must olapso before a visible com mencement is mado with tho important work of underground sowerago, the board created mainly with the object of under taking its construction will almost imme diately enjoy tlio occupancy of a stnto apartmont fitted up with regal mag- nificoncc. Tho furniture of this saloon hub boon duly tondorcil for nt a cost of £600, and tho art of tho newspaper paragraphia! has been taxed to tlio uttermost in describ ing tho coming splendors. The walnut fittings, wo aro told, aro to ho elaborately carved and upholstered, hut tho most resplendent portion of tho shrine, is to he a " miniaturo throno," elovated on a dais for tho ospccial uso and glorifica tion of tho chairman, Mr. Fitz Gibbon. So that only tho front of thiB majestic scat and "its occupant shall ho exposed to tho vulgar gaze, a lofty screen, adorned nnd panelled in tlio "Ronnissance" stylo, is to (ill up tho background. Surmounting nil will bu the coat of arms which tho chairman has fixed on ns tho heraldic embodiment of his corporate grandeur. It may appear strango to tho simplo tasto of unassuming citizenship that tho necessary works for kcoping tho metro politan district clonn, so that nothing detrimental to health may accumulate within its bounds, cannot bo carried out without theso extensive preparations for a coup dc IhiAtrc. Stately robes of office for tho central figure in the tnhlonu may he anticipated as the noxt dovolopmcnt, as something will have to he dono to bring the chairman and the chair into harmonious concord. Ono tiling is cortnin, that if Mr. Fitz Gibbon's successor in office should happen to bo a man of avorago modesty, he will ho apt to conceive that ho could havomoroploasurahly attended tothodutios of looking' after the metropolitan wator supply, drainage and sewage, had ho boon left unthroned, uncanopicd and undeco- rated. . There might have bcon some cxcuso for a modicum of this ostentation if the interior of tlio board room had been intended to servo tho purposes of a Parliament House for tho metropolitan district. If all tho' business handed over to tho hoard wore to bo publicly transacted after open discussion, a little exhibition of vanity on tho part of tho president of the body could have been overlooked.' So long, however, as Mr. Fitz Gibbon is permitted to havo his way, tho operations publicly performed by tlio board will consist merely of empty show, all tho earnest debating boing conducted and grave decisions arrived at in tho secret recesses of committee. This is what is happening at tho present time. A select committee is privately engaged in deter mining whether or not Mr. Fitz Gibbon's scheme of conducting tlio sowage to the sea shall bo adopted in preference to that of Mr. Mansorgh, who proposed at considerably less cost to turn it to profitable agricultural account. ' Flying surveys in. the neighborhood of Bream Creek have been executed, presumably with the object of gaining data for esti mating the expenditure that will be called for in carrying tho underground sewers nearly doublo tho distance previously computed. Exporimo'hts have also been initiated off tho shores to determine tho drift of currents, and to discover, if possible, where tlie offiil is likely to he conveyed when committed to the ocean's keeping. If tho work of tho select coiniiiitteo wore " less quietly trans acted, much valuabto testimony regarding these cuiTOiits would doubtless have been proffered by residents on the coast, who have for years past noted where tho flotsam from tho many wrecks that have occurred in this locality has drifted. The members of the committee could havo learned from unimpeachable evidonco that quantities of it havo found their way inside of Port Phillip Heads as far as tho Dromana shore, as well as all along the oulor coast lino, and oven far beyond that and into Western Port. Progress reports from this committee shouldcrc this have come before the open hoard, so that tho public might havo beon informed of what was being attoinpted. Of what uso will reports be after the whole business has been com pleted in committee, and tlie full hoard is merely asked to signify its assent ? 