Cf)t Svapunliafktraflj* FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1891. PARENTS AND CHILDREN. The affections of parents for their children is generally regarded as the most intense and least selfish of which the heart is capable. The love of man and woman, which is the preface and bond of marriage, is to some extent self- regulating, for it seldom reaches that ideal pitch at which every con sideration is subordinated to the happiuess of the beloved. The con suming love of Alcestis for her husband may have been consummated in proof by the voluntary sacrifice of her life for his, but those romances of old Greece are often but symbolic of the perfec tion of self-renunciation or achieve ment, and by no means to be mistaken for abstractions drawn from observa tion of average daily life. It is in the heart of the mother, not the maiden, that Shakespeare finds the purest and most bountiful springs. Constance exclaims that there was never such a gracious creature born as her poor imprisoned child;— But now will canker-sorrow eat my bad, And chase the native beauty from his cheeli, And he will look as hollow as a ghost, As dim and meagre as an ague's lit, And so he'll die; and, rising so again, When I shall meet him in the court of' heaven I shall not know him; therefore, never, never Must- I behold my pretty Arthur more. The love of her lover for Tennyson's Maud has the sensuous warmth and glow of the perishable when compared with the yearnings, troubling the body and soul, of the mother in liizpah for her dear dead boy, for the child, whose bones now rattling on the gallows, had once moved in her side. It is the same through all creative literature. Many a maiden has found the solace of a sore heart and known how quickly the wound heals under the homoeopathic treat ment. But llachel weeps for her children, and never will be comforted. She remembers for ever the little pattering feet which " woke pulses of love in household hearts that were not unheard in heaven.1' Nevertheless, even in sphere of parental affection we find that life is made up of contrasts. Human nature, perhaps, would not be itself if it were not sometimes unnatural. The records of the police courts from time to time give us instances, of which the latest were furnished within a week or two, of crueltv of parents to their children. which shows how stony the heart may become when drink supplementsnative callousness. The maternal instinct seems in some cases to at length become completely dead. What occasional disclosures in police courts suggest, the history of infant insurance has fairly well proved. "Women have murdered their children by systematic ill-treatment to get rid of the burden of the little ones' maintenance or to receive the few pounds for which their lives were insured. The extent of the evil became so manifest in Great "Rritain that special legislation to protect children passed by the Imperial Parliament m 1889. _ Uur object in referring to the question is | to call attention to the English legisla- | tion, the adoption of which the possible I development of parental cruelty may render desirable. "The Prevention of Cruelty to and Protection of Chil dren Act" of 1889 enables magistrates, j for the breach of certain duties imposed upon all persons having the care of children, to remove the children from such tutelage. A severe penalty is imposed upon anyone who, having the control of a boy under 14 or a girl under 16, by himself or through others, illtreats, negleefcs, abandons, or exposes the child in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or iujury to its health. It is made penal to send children out begging or sing iUtr for money, or to allow a child under 10 to perform at a place of amusement. The theatrical public, for the sake of the sweet innocence and naivite o£ childhood, could very well dispense with the exhibition of infant phenomena upon the boards. When persons are convicted of cruelty under the Act, the court may make an order on the application of any person giving such person the control of the child till any age under 14, or if a girl, under 16, subject to any variation of the order that may from time to time be made. The Act is worth looking through with a view to its adoption here. We never had much faith in the principle of State interference with parental functions, but the ease is altogether different when those functions are neglected and children suffer from the cruelty or carelessness of persons who disgrace the sacred title of parent. PABEWEti" Sermon.—TheBev. O. Lake, pastor of the Bible Christian Church, will preach Ms farewell sermon on Sunday evening'. Suxday-closing Poll.—The petitions presented by the local branch of the Women's Christian Temperance Union were considered at the council meeting on Wednesday evening, and Saturday, May 2, has !)«■" appointed as the polling- day. On that day a poll will be taken to test the feelings of the ratepayers of each ward con cerning the closing of hotels in the town altogether on Sundays, except to bona fide travellers. Industrial Exhibition.—An advertise ment reminds intending exhibitors at the S. A. Chamber of Manufactures' exhibition that entry-forms must be sent to the local secretary not later than 21sfc April. The secretary wishes it understood that the committee will forward any exhibits entrus ted to it, but if exhibitors would rather pack and send their own, the committee would like the entry forms left with it. Full particulars will be given by the secretary. Excessive Loads.— The following letter Viag been received by the chairman of the Kapunda District Council:—" Crown Lands and Immigration Office, Adelaide, April 7th, 1891. Sir—I am directed to inform you that it is from time to time reported to the Government that in many cases the district councils neglect to enforce the pro visions of the Width of Tires Acts Nos. 12 of 1867, and 9 of 1868-9, with the result ; that the main roads over which excessive ! loads are allowed to pass, are very much cut up, and consequently necessitate a much larger expenditure of money to keep them in good repair- than would otherwise be re quired. The Treasurer trusts that the local authorities will in all cases prevent tlie improper destruction of their roads by strictly enforcing the law. I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant, G. S. Weight* secretary. The chairman District Council of Kapunda." A Trar Through New South Wales j and Queensland.—Under date Sydney, , March 27, Mr. Sidney Kidman writes of the country in Queensland and New South Wales, over which he has just travelled. He has never seen the country around Mount Gepps, Sturt's Meadows, Touler's Gap, Bancannia Lake* Packsaddle, and Cobham Lake Stations looking worse, and the rabbits are there in great numbers; , but from Cobhain, Milparinka, Mount j Pool and Tibooburra on to Floodnoths, of j Bhlloo Country, the country looks splendid, j the grass being green, bat there are j myriads of grasshoppers there. From Floodnoths to Counalpie Downs, Mount Wood, Salsherry Downs, and Waverly Downs to Queensland border the country is splendid, green feed being from a foot to throe feet high. The Clyde and Thor gomindoh country is splendid, and at Charleville and Soma the country never looked better in the memory of white men The Bulioo ia something liiagtiiiiecnt, an the Beaehel Creek and Poroo, Ward, and Warrago Rivers country is nearly aa good, j At Charleville lie saw a camp of 200 union shearers who were on strike. In places it I is quite impossible to get cattle away from the stations in consequence of the strike, j Mitchell Downs Station looks like a wheat 1 field, and it is difficult to find a place to camp on, and the splendid station, North Comongin, owned by Messrs. McLean, Barker, & Co., of South Australia, also looks welL. Here he saw one of the best | herds of cattle in Queensland^ Mr.. Kidman i has travelled about 1,000 miles by land, j and considers he has gone over some of the | I best country in Queensland or in Australia. I Mat Industrial Exhibition.—The com mittee of the Chamber of Manufactures has been very successful in its preliminary operations in arranging for a grand exhi bition of the work of artisans, mechanics, women and youths of South Australia. As there is no charge for space or entry, the opportunity to display -works of a wide variety lias been largely taken advantage of, entries having been received freely from both town and country. A gold medal, value 10 guineas wili be presented by Messrs. Stevenson Bros., for the competitive exhibit showing best results in mechanical skill and industry. Special prizes of up wardsjof .£100 are offered by several patrons) »T»<i the committee has voted ,£200 for other prizes, and naa gonoj-nily endeavored to make the exhibition a great success. As. the opening ceremony takes place on May 7 our readers who propose exhibiting would do well to note that entries must be made not later than April 29L. The Rainfall—From a statement pub lished it will have been noticed that the rainfall registered for the present year has. been:—January, 4 days, 0 415 j February, 1 day, 0-090 inches. Mr. Clarke has favored us with the following statement ol j the rainfall during the past month at the post-office:— Day. Inches. Day. Inches. 8th 0080 29th 0210 13tn 0.005 30th 0"240 28th 0-030 31st 0-010 Total, 0-575 inches, in 6 days, whieh brings the total up to the end of March of the present year to 1-080 inches in 11 days. In 1890 the rainfall for the same period was as follows:—January, 8 days, 4-200 j February, 5 days, 0-850; March, 5 days, 2-085 inches—a total of 7-135 inches in 18 days, being 6*055 more than has fallen in the same period this year. The rainfall registered at the Kapunda reservoir this year has been as follows:— January, 3 days, 0-630; February, 1 day, 0-170 inches. Mr. T. W. Cato informs us that the rainfall registered in March was— Day. Inches. Day. Inches. 8th 0090 29th 0120 2Sth 0-360 30th 0*380 Total, 0 950 inches, in 4 days, a grand total for the three months of 1-750 inches in 8 days. In 1890 the fall regis tered was as follows:—January, 10 days, 2-900; February, 5 days, 1-050; March, 4 days, 1-880 inches—total, 5*830 in 15 days, being 4*0S0 inches more than has fallen during the same this year. At the waterworks yard in the township the fall for the past month was 0 450 inches in 5 days. 