A "BIT." -4-- [Br "LE DuIALE." I am not a grumbler, as you all know, though there have been, and, I suppose, are still, little things in our local require inents that we should be better acquainted with'that we are. It is good for us to have them pointed out that all may have the chance of seeing them, for there are none "so blind as those as won't see" many things that are good for those who ought to have them and possibly would strive for them if they could see them. Now, there is one thing that we have here in all its strength and power, and that is a thick, black, almost (and is sometimes) an im penetrable darkness, notwithstanding the presence of a gas company that pays first class dividends and gives for it a nice light-when you are near enough to get its benefit. I do not see why the Gas Co. should not be commissioned to "lighten" our darkness. The gas lamps are too far apart, and although, as I said, the gas is fairly good, yet the distance prevents us from getting enough of their light. I am living a few minutes' walk out of the town, and have frequently to ge home in the dark both summer and winter, except, of course, when its moonlight, and then I don't care a " button" for the gas; and in winter it is also muddy. Well, I suppose for the darkness and mud that I have to encounter I cannot blame anyone -but the powers that be. Certainly, I don't blame myself. It is not moonlight just now, and the other day I did not go home to tea, but stayed in town and visited a friend. About ten o'clock saw me in a very meditative frame of mind on my way home, when lo ! I got stuck up at Dillon's gates-regularly bailed up, and there I had to stick for a bit. Now I wasn't bight; I was perfectly sober. In fact I had been to hear Mr Coad, the temperance lecturer, and to make more certain on the point of my sobriety, I had a couple of pledge cards in my pocket: nice, pretty works of art upon which the lecturer said be had to pay a big duty to get into the :olony, which was too bad. But it was awfully dark; trying to look through the darkness I couldn't even see the iron ence of the show ground, for the town ights end up at Dillon's gates. Not only his, but I heard a small commotion away lown in this dark " mistification" ahead of no. Some wandering cattle were holding a"corroborce" among themselves, and I inew a wandering bull was among them or I had seen him before. I recognised dis deep basso profundo, and I thought, cell, best let them alone; I don't want to tet among such bad company as this. they say, you know, his Satanic Majesty :oams about like a roaring lion, seeking shom he may devour. I also know that owners of bulls have no right to let these Sort of devils roam at their own sweet vill. Anyhow, I think it is bad enough ;o have to perambulate dark streets sithout having to fear the risk of meeting ais Satanic Majesty in a bucolic form; for, f 1 am to be introduced to him I'd rather neet him face to face; but it's most likely L'd find myself impaled from behind on the corns of an awkward dilemma if I met him under these conditions, And while its rusting to Providence traversing home ward in the dark with no thanks to the powers that be if one gets there safely, it :ertainly is not a pleasant reflection that me's likely to meet with a bull in the larkness, though one may not object to :tumbling over a cow. Well, I fetched op at Dillon's gate as I said. I heard the row, and it came nearer, and in a moment )r two 1 heard the pitter patter of bucolic ootsteps, and I saw some dark shadows glide along the show ground nearest the gates and towards the railway station, and I heard his bullship's deep note. Then C pushed on further. Dir. Coad is a Jornishman and he had said that Cornish cen believe in ghosts. "If you don't be lieve in ghosts" said he, "just go into the ;emetery of an evening after dark, and when you get out tell me what you looked back at the gates for P What did you ex pect to see? A ghost of course." Pow, I don't care a "fig" about ghosts, but, I tell you, though, I am pretty short ;ighted, especially without my spectacles at night-my "night glasses "-I found myself, I don't know why, for ten to one if 'd see him half a dozen feet off, looking over my shoulder towards the sound of the " bully" notes that seemed to sound nearer to my rear, and I wasn't sorry when I got to my own homestead. Now, in sober earnest, jesting apart, we have a moral or two here : Let us see if we can find them, and if they are worth acting on. The first is that we wcnt a couple of lights beyond Dillon's gates, along the Show ground, and one on the Gambletown bridge; if not gas, kerosene will do. It is as dark as Erebus along the Show ground at night, and as it is a very necessary expense it should be incurred. The next is that wandering cattle are a nuisance-as bad a nuisance as are the rumors of platinun when they are not true, for I had my hopes raised by a rumor this week that "it's all right" only to be dashed this morning by information that nothing is yet positively known about it. Again, that bulls are not nice gentle men to be met roaming our streets of a dark night. It spoils all one's comfortable reflections on your return from a dance, or a concert, or a sermon, or a temperance lecture, or a salvationist kick-up; and when one is brought up "all fours," as I was t'other light, well, it's worse a jolly sight than meeting Mr. Coad's cemetery ghost, which has no physical existence; but, by Jove, two minutes more and I'd a'been right in the midst of those " mid night revellers" and not know it till they made their presence manifest. I trust my friend, the Sergeant, will look his bullship up, or else the next night I'm belated I'll have to go and ask him to lend me his genial companionship on my way home, and I'm afraid he would find it but a sorry beat at times, and a shire councillor would find my strictures as to the darkness true, and if they be doubted-well they can very easily be put to the test. I'll bet you a new hat if we had a councillor living beyond the show grioid he would want a few extra lights i.s weil as I do to be a light to my feet on my way homeward. Perhaps. now, a" word to the wise" will be sufficient-in the direction :I have tried very pleasantly to point but. 