R O U S E O F R I M M O N , ASTOKY OF THE " BLACK OOUNTE* . SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. I" . V CHAPTER XLVL—[COSTTSCED). Br JEANIE GWTKKE BETTANY, Author of AUNT SXBHSS'B TWO LEGACIES," DO. " Eezi&b;, I have only one thing to ask you. I know more about the world than you do, Keziah. If you do not want to be suspected, Ksoah, go to some friend. You need not tell me whom. If you promise me this one thing, I shall go away contented. Contented! Xo, not that. But it will be more endurable, that & all I can say." "I will promise you that, then," said Kra'ah. And she was-moving away again. "Not one word of iarewell, Keziih!" he Said. " Good-bye, 1 " she answered, passing on. He had almost hoped, when he had to far acceded to her wish, that die would have given a different farewell from this cold " good- bye." But hsr manner was such that he dared not ask for more. The Kerish he loved could never be further from him, he felt, than she was this iShe was outside now; but these words followed her in a choked whisper, "You will eay you forgive me." "Ifoi^iveyou,"she «ud in a low voice; aynd disappeared in the darknet-s. And Klworthy, half beside himself with gpief and misgiving, and unable to do anything, wrftdbed the mot where her 'figure had disappeared, until his eyes were strained; but fbSow bar he would not—lather, could not. And when at last he had gazed so long that his eyes, giuwu weary, drooped their lids, he atony turned his head and gazed at the foundry. "Ko man has ever been so wretched aa I am," he thought within himself, " so wretched and so powerless." And whUe he thought this, titie immense hammers came down upon tbe mm^ and flattened it and crushed it. "Oh!" ftwoaldbe BO noon over." iSfe Trmsiripd long gjziiig at the ^sze, and sesrcely thinking. All was too mudi in a tomnlt withm him. At last he became conscious tint he mnst go away. If he ware sot in Tinmringfam in tte morning, people might say he had been with Keanh, fesy ehould never ear that; and he staggered offiof the place, and walked like a drunken Stxn along the rt«d. It had "ceased snowing Bome time, and the path was very dark. Scow blackens almost as it falls in the Black Country; and it must be deepmiieed before it can be likea pure white sheet over the earth. It was not deep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At laet he struck his foot agsinst something: it was ozdy a rising footpath, of which there are many in these neighbourhoods, a foot, and even sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself falling, and the next sensation was that water waB dosng over his head. CHAPTER XLVII.—THE GREATEB BASSE. Andheeiii, . . . atSj build greater." " I will pull down lny bame, Hud Keziah waited before her own house little longer, she would have Been the lights reappear in the two front bedroom windows; for Mt Hackbit, having made an effort to go to bad aa if nothing were the matter, had found himself quite too excited to sleep. " it," be Baidtu himself, "I'll have that fool Bimpler up, wet our throstles a bit." - Sow Mr. Hackbit was deeper than Sunnier gave him credit for being : though he did let things out sometimes when he was drunk, they never were things that old against himself. To-night he had driven Keziah forth, and BO mtfuT^ had bran his demeanour that np one suspected it. The servants knewshe had not eoine home, but they thought she must be staying at her mother's, and of course they knew better than to ask llr. Hackbit a question. Hr. Simpler, finding Hackbit at borne on bis return, imagined to be in the house. He had likewise imagined Hackbit to be ignorant of what had occuired the night before. So when TT«AKt rapped diaxiily at his door^ and then thrust his head in, and said, "Get.up, Bimpler, I eay; let's have a drink," he merely thought Hackbit had passed an unpleasant day, and meant to make op to it; and got up dowdy, very quickly as Hackbit thought, for he did not know ME. Bimpler was Bitting dseeaed by the window. When Mr. Riainlar had fumbled about the room a little, he lit has candle, completed his taikt as if it had been morning, and went downstairs. Ha looked in the dining-room, tot fodnd no Mr. Hackbit. He was surprised. He want into the hall and listened ; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went there. "I say, what am you doing?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a candLe. I am going to get some wood to light a fire in>thie dt|awing-n>om ;" adding, with great assumption of grandenr. " We'll sit in tbe drawing-room, Bimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall be richer. Why shouldn't I use the best room I've gotr'' . " All right," replied Bimpler, an>uaed, "that's your look-out you know. Only I shouldn't have thought yoa were such a fool as t« tell anyone yon are neb." " You are not the outade world." " JJ"o;and you're shrewd enough to know I ^muldknow in any case. Tfaafa it, isn't it, Hackbit?" A large fire was EOOCI burning in the drawingroom, what with the nnnwunl quantity of wood and the bellowB which Mr. Bimpler plied. eat dawn complacently, .with two or tteeebpttles in front of him, also glasses and mgaE. . 1 1 eay, Bimpler, how ehould yoa like to be 'Oh, I don't know," replied Simpler, in- 3B®BBentiy. "But X eay, Bimpler, by Jove, we are making money, oLi Biminon aad I. You you know everything, but we could surprise you a bit. Some people save and save and save, and never «akr fteir money. I dan't mean to be like that." And he poured outagtaasof neat brandy, and took a draught ^aM^rHmWiy «lRiat>Sf my father wasm comer, I mean toiiavaapUee amoogeountzy BttOertB,-—them. nofanroBlh^aHmto E^aiiaiaeaiito take it. I'm getting riclre , fhpri fhiwn all, and, bang it, why shouldn't! lire as _srell ?., Ah, .Brnipbr, then fhey bate me, they diaB envy nm. d t M i Bininmn -ia twntant to live in ,a& the better for me. TO live n*." he took another dwigfat at noble lord would giro his head for, just because you've the longest parse. By Jove, I'd give any price, if I thought one of them chapa wanted it." All this did not arouse the interest and sympathy in Mr. Bimpler which it might have done hadhcnot known about the musing pajxis. The man who knows that the best hone in a race has been drugged and will break down does not dhow astounding acutensesin notbacKing tbe House of Bimmoa; and throughout llr. Kimpler'a life he had nearly always backed the winner. He rather enjoyed the joke of hearing Hackbit run on, however, and encouraged him to talk. " Wis of sale are the grandest investments, (aid Hackbit, " while it can be kept dark: and my experience is," he wenc on in acoiining tone, that people who have been sold up hive not spirit enough left to goto lawwithyou about it, neither have they the cash," and he ' burst into a laugh. *' D > you know, in the beginning, Kimmon wanted to pay measalarv? I soon taught)him a lesson. I've had more than he's had, by Jove. There's a day for every dog, and let every doe have his day." " Yes," Mr. Bimpler assented, " let every dog have his day. My day'll come next." And he pretended to sip his brandy. r " Don't count your chickens before they re hatched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow getting much tbe worse for drink. " I don't usually," retorted Mr. Bimpler. «' Neither do I get drunk, and so see doable when Tm about counting them, after they're hatched." . This was a little bit too refined lor Hackbit in his present condition, GO he took offence. « Confound you, do you mean to say I'm drank . , t „ "Certainly not. |Why, you've only bad halfa-bottle." • It was not long before he had the whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Bimpler not a little. He sullenly hung hia head down, and looked lowering. At last he intently fixed his eyes on the door of tie room. Bimpler involuntarily gazed in the same direction. _ He could see nothing. What is it ?" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door. The hand had grown very bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. " What is it inquired Bimpler again. 'f Don't you see those spiders 5" " I can't say I do." " Then you must be drunk, or mad. _ Look, Bimpler," he eaid, rising in agitation and trembling all over, " have you ever seen such large spiders "r You cau't pretend you don't see them. Look, they are chasing each other in two lines : and they'll come down ; they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." Rimpler' became more and more' alarmed. Hackbit clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on die table; but he could not; and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the floor. " Oh," he cried, shaking till the very floor shook, " the cloth's full of them. too. See how they spread their legs and come on. Oh, let me get out of here," he screamed frantically. " The walls are covered with them. Are you a devQ that you won't help me ?" And with one more effort t? escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the ground. We will spare our readers the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David Kimmon both came, at Bimpler'a request; and by the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saltring was telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock in the morning, and with him Dr. Towers. His had brought this doctor on his own responsibility, having such great faith in him ; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony, Mr. Bimmon was seated in a chair, looking the picture of misery ; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing very heavily. Dr. Towers advanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid, and turned and looked about the room, but said pflffjing, *' He'll get better now," said Mr. Bimmon, hoarsely.; "he's gone to sleep. Oh, what a night we've had." "He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. " I have seen esses like this before. It is a possible ending to delirium tlrtMtCfUti They sleep to death. lean do nothing for him; eo I had better get back." " Wait a bit," said Mr. SaMring. " I want you to witness something." He was ashy white. He walked towards the bed. He laid one hand npoe the man who was sleeping his lastsleep, aud raised the other above his head, and looked upwards. •will never sSl one drop of any intaxicSttng liquor again. And I win rid_ myself of anv property I now possess t&at; is the result of the sale of drink." His raised hand fell by his side, and be faced round and looked at the astonished Joehua and IVtwers. There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter or carries his bottle bome? The end is the same." He looked upwards again. " I pray the God of pity to foigive me for the great wrong I have done the human race, for ever having eold or even given away a drop of this poison of souls. Reparation there can be none. The evfl is done.'' And Mr. Saltring covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his aim round Hr. Saltring's neck, and said soothingly, " My good tfupil, God judges us by the motives. Ceuld you, who have the belt heart in the world have ever meant to ruin anyone i" -** Remember the proverb, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring, without taking hiB hands from his face. " * Evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart.* This has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within Hii» last twelve months," be said, nieing his white face and looking at the doctor, " cases _c" spirits have left my shop enough to bring this' —and he indicated with his hand without looking towards the bed—" to I fear to say how many homes. Come, doctor, let us go away. I should like to have seen Keziah, but I can't face her. If no one had eold the brandy, he couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk it." " He didn't buy the brandy of yen, at any rate," eaid Joshua Iiimmou, rouang himself to "That makes no difference,", replied Mr. Saltring. " Come, doctor, let us go.' But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound from the bed bad ceased. Towers looked a moment, and answered Hr. Bimmon's look, " He's gone, poor fellow," he said. CHAPTER XLV111.—To* TOWEBS GOES UP FOB BI" LAST EXAMINATION . It waa about the middle of January. Thomas H<nHiil: lay in Jnmley cemetery ; and in the windows of his house was a notice, " To Let." Ko one had made any search tor Keziah. She was missing, and Klworthy was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. Tha house of Bimmon was disgraced. Mr. Bimpler had been engaged by Mr. Bimmon, and wasnow residing in his house. Tbe baby was there, too ; and Wilson had come to nurse him, at Mr. Bimmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hackbit had left no will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few week Mrs. Bimmon had aged visibly, and seemed eo near breaking np thst her infirm state formed a principal reason tor Mr. Bimmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Bimmon's hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, and his shoulders stooping. But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former self—yea, a ghost even of her changed self—entered the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, and flew to open the door. Keziah fell Into her arms, crying hysterically, "I have come, Maud, like a beggar, to beg shelter. I have no pride left now, Mand." Maud half carried, half led her into her favourite atting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kiny. In an incredibly short time refreshment was. brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Mand, flitting hither and Huther, swift as in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziab had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon her breast, " and she fell asleep. Mand looked at bar head. Where were Blithe short ends gone*' The hair was shorn quite dose to her bead. And ber cheeks, how sunken they were! Maud had placed beredf eo that tbe head might rest- against her, and caressed ft teoderiy with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and remained cramped waro position tor nearly two bouiB, EBttteT tban wake ber dariuig. Then Kesah opened her large startled eyes, and said pleadingly and quickly—" .Look, I will tell you Don't send me out just yet I s to goto." nipneberecollected I m d m a % . I . _ St '• Ji tena* llenlfouh drew OK head bade, and JookeA into her friend's eyes inquiringly. " Do you: know?" die asked. " Have you heard !" "Dearest Kir^y," replied Maud, "if I have have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach you r" "Reproach me'r" said Keriah, looking r>urzled. " Well, yes. I did provoke him; but am repentant now, Maud; I will go back to him and beg his forgiveness." WSB it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead V It seemed so. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from her conversation. She might know nothing. "Kizzy," die said, taking the worn face between her hands—the face that had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos—SSszy, you will never go back to your husband." Keziah started, not at the words she bad heard, but at the tone. She looked for more, and did not speak. " Kizzy," my own love, you ate free; your husband is dead." Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. " Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," ehe cried. "Oh, that I had been a better wife to him. It might never have ended eo." And she sobbed aloud. Maud-knelt by Keziah, and laid her bead beside hens, aud wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend bad fallen. Kizzy," she said in her ear, "at least if you did go away with him, you have left him now." Keziah started up at the words, and looked her friend in the face. -1—go away with him, Mand! Who dares to MV it ?" Maud only cried, "Thank God! it is not true." ••TTUB, Maud:" said Keziah. "I*o: 1 nave sunk low, but not so low as that." Oh. Kirzv. forgive me tor having believed .„ eaid Maud humbly. * 4 But you see it looked so much like it, that you and be ehould both disappear." '"He disappear!" exclaimed Keziah, affrightedly. \- In he not in Leamington then?" So he has never been heard of since that night. Your brother Jubal came in here and told me all about it." Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, *' Where is your husband) Maud f''* " He is iu London, Kuzy. being examined. We will not talk of him, if >ou don't mind. And now, Kizzy, had not you better go to bed ? dou't think you should talk any more tonight." _, -ButI must know one thing more. Of course, my baby baa gone to father*s f Yes, and Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keziah'e face, as ehe heard this, aud she said contentedly," Then I think I will go to.bed. Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Mand and Kezish awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. Whatever can it be r" said Maud; and she Sung on her dressing-gown and went out. But though she searched the house all through, she found .nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of anv kind to account for the noise. Still the sound had. been eo loud and of so Btartting a character, that neither of them.could deep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. Keziah related to her friend how'she had wandered along the road to Woverbampton in the night time, and then bow a break came, and she could remember nothing until she awoke in one of the wards of the Woverhampton Hospital; and she was told she had had a fever. When die was well enough to go out, they had given hex tbe money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then, about dawn, Keziah fell asleep again; and Maud remained awake. The sound die had heard had been exactly like the •nuAtng cf the hall-lamp by something falling upon it. When daylight came, she was glad indeed to end a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. How early the post ia this morning," ehe thought. It was nbt a letter '; it was a telegram. She grayed and fell, crying, in a suffocating voice. My darling's dead, he's dead." Keziah, weak though die was, gained her side, picked np and read tbe telegram. Yes, he was dead. Maud lost her consciousness entirely. And when at last die came to herself, it was only to cry," He is dead! and now be will never learn to love me again." She became ao 01 that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such eases, and can never be obtained—rest. And the day wore oo. and IWib rod Stood snsp$ m company. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars came. Tom Towers had passed his examination, and had gone to hia hotel, and right up to hia room, which was al the top. And by accident, it was believed, he had fallen over tho benisteiB from the top to the bottom of that geat building, smashing the hall tamp by hiB Inside was a letter adireseed in his handwriting to bm wife. "Bead it, Kizzy," she siud, " for £ cannot.'' Kizzy opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror is her face:— " I have passed cy examination, Mand, my own much-loved wife, aim shall end it aU tonight. Shall I tell you why ? lean bear life no longer. It was I who committed the murder poor El worthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. X ought, perhaps, to have died end never tuld you. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it better coming from me. The money I have had from you at different times has been to purchase the silence of a man who saw me commit the deeed. " And now with mv last words I beg yen to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more when I am gone. You will, I know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as lam sure you will. " YQUB HEABTBBOKEN HUSBAOT." Kezish did not show thiB letter to Miud for aday or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of " Accidental death, due to over-excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, iu the cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XIiIX.—JCBAX INSTBCCTS HE. UJJCLK IN IBB WAH OF SOCIETY. In the afternoon of a very dull Saturday in January, two years after Keziah Hackbit and Maud Towers were made widows, preparations were being made at The Chestnuts .at Bowdon for a party which Mr. David Bimmon was to g\veto some of his nephew's friends. Jubal, who now boasts of something more than down on his upper lip, and has grown broader and handsomer, stands with his back towards the drawing-room fire, his hands thrust into his trousers pockets and his head poised superciliously. David, anxious and nervous, watches his nephew's face, as if to learn hiB content or discontent in it. "Well, Jubal," he remarked, passing one band through his hair, which was growing very scanty now, "does the room look like other- people's now? Do you like it r" " Well, really, uncle," replied Jubal, breaking info alight laugh and showing a shining row of teeth, "as I chose all the things, it would be praising myself if I said I liked them.'* David hooked both his thumbs into the arm holes of bis waistaoat and looked quizzically at his nephew. "Yes, of course, Jubal," he eaid; " but is the furniture properly put in the room? . You see Fve no other room to compare it with." " Ob, yes," Jubal allowed, " it looks well enough.* He had got into the way of not expressing much pleasure at anything. " And uncle, if you don't mind my mentioning it, perhaps it may be as well that you should not put your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holes before the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to take these things for_ indications, you know. And," be added, without uoticing the manner in which poor David removed the thumbs in question, " don't you think really now that you could manage to use h's just a little? I shouldn't like to hear the fellows describe you as 'young Kimmoc'e uncle, innocent of h's.* I'm sure Med win laughed when you asked him to come to your *ouse; and after sB, it's a simple enough matter to say < house,' and so much hangs on it." Poor David was completely in a flutter, and all the more likely to show badly before the "fellows" on that acoount. "You see, Jubal," he eaid, not at all crossly, "I never bad much schooling; I went to work when I was- " "And there's another thing," said Jubal, flushing. " Pray, don't refer to the time when you went to work." There was almost impatienee in J3»e tone in whichDavidrepliedto this. "It may -be an easy matter to you, Jubal. But at my time of life it's no easy matter. I have managed to get on and make a litUe money without fc'a; though X am «nae I didn't know that I talked any different to other people before." "Tbafs what I thought," said Jubal, " and rtor thst-tMSba l WriT yOi iMUateA^tom t s p ^B^uWfcaaiiuitH* WlS^ylooTliteELM, Wth «t ' ^ ' **ich existed despite his lade of h's, did not torn upon his nephew with a rode rejoinder, as that young gentleman would certainly have done, could they have exchanged E laces. Neither did he wound Jubal's f Mings y telling him of the wound he had inflicted, thereby proving himself the true gentleman; for are not all toe rules of Bociety founded upon this basis, the avoidance of openly wounding the feelings of others 'i "I don't, mind altering anything," said David, M It lam able to do it, and it's fax your welfare." " I thought you'd take it like that," returned JubaL " Yoirre an awfully good fellow." If Jubal imagined that this salve would heal the wound he had inflicted, be was mistaken. He bad robbed bis uncle of confidence, end given bim mistrust of himself in place of it, He had called his uncle a bear, and thought that patting him on the head, and. saying, " Good fellow,' as he might have done to a dog, would quite make up for it. He might have remembered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the pats upon the eore places given him in token of reconciliation. But on the strength of David's saying nothing more than we nave recorded, Jubal thought he would continue tbe lesson which had been so well received, having no penetration into the real state of his uncle's feelings; as those who do not love scarcely«ever have. "And you know, uncle," he went on, " gentiemen don't say * Sir' to one another. In fast, there's little necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a. name at aD, you from your position might use the surname alone, as soon as you know them a little; otherwise you can say ' Mr. So-and-So,' but never'Sir.' ,r " Well, that is strange," eaid David. I was brought up to think ' Sir' the right thing." " Never mind what your bringing np was," returned Jul;al. " I'll tell you the way to treat these fellows. You must pretend to look down on them inrt™"* of up to them." " Is there any necessity at all for that ?" said David. " Why should there be looking down or looking up r" "That's just what it is," Jubal replied, " There's always looking down and looking up. And BO you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You musn't remember anything except that you're a manufacturer and a rich man; and these fellows may be swells aud all that, but I .can tell you. between ourselves, they often don't know which way to turn for nr.ouej-; so you've no need to let them look dowu on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you into your suit, so that you may have time to get used to it a Int." This suit was of a pattern such as David had never had on before. But, as Jubal had told bis uncle, he dressed altogether out of his position. " Yes, I'll put the suit on if you like, J ubal. _*m afraid it won't look very well on me. Aiid you didn't tell me what these round tables are for. Jubal." " Oh, never mind about that," replied his nephew. " Come and have your clothes on." Ab they pa ssed out at the door, David looked back ruefully at his metamorphosed drawingroom. It was very pretty, with its rosecoloured curtains and furniture, pale carpet, and strange cabinets. But David's drawingroom was gone. He could never take a Sunday afternoon nap on that couch. It made him tremble even to think of it. In fact, he couldn't use the room for anything any more. Everything was gone that be wanted, and everything there was useless to him ; and there was a great deal of disappointment in his mind when he looked at the spot formerly occupied by an oldfashioned bureau which would open out, and on which he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of which he kept hia camomile flowexs, from which he made herb tea, as be called it. It was hard to see this spot occupied by a perfectly useless thing with glass in frodt, thtough which arald be seen a number of very ugly curiosities. However it had been inevitable, as the new suit proved to be. " There, uncle, you'll look something bke, BOW," ' said young Kimmon, standing at a little distance for the purpose of judging the effect of this new tailoring achievement. "It doesn't feel very comfortable" David remarked, ruefully. " It's too tight around the waist. I must undo this button." "Oh. no ; you mustn't do anything of the sort. That would spoil the effect entirely. YouH Boon get used to it. And, you see, when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in your ^waistcoat annholes, or your h " It'o verybjfc axid uncomfortable op here,' said SmHI f3gpgt»*asds fa!s~«l>e*t. sesmstoottucraaiebow."' _ ,, «• If it> bot all the better this cold weather. They always put a bit of padding in there ; it giahi. the coat sit welL You'll get to like it." " But, really, I can assure vou, Jubal," said his ia i . in some concern, " I cant wear these shoes. They hurt me. I'm sure they're two sizes too small." "You didn't say so iu the shop. Beside* it's all rubbish. If people have been used to wearing boatB on their feet, they're sure to fancy their feet are confined too closely in pair of ordinary shoes." " But why can't I put on the piir of slippera that Kizzy worked for me ?" pleaded David. " Oh, if you're going to get obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. "I'll try to get used to them,'' said David. "Perhaps, if I walk about in them, they'll get easier." And he made the attempt. "Ob-h-b," cried Jubal, aghast, mustn't limp about like that. The fellowsll roar." Perhaps they'll gat easier just now," said poor David, " or else I shall really be obliged to take them off." "Oh, bless you, you'll get used to it, uncle. Everybody's boots 'hurt them, only they pretend they don't. I'm sure mine do; and, yon see, you've always the advantage of being able to put on some big shoes when nobody's brae." David was sileat. He was ruminating. If society made such demands as these, it must surely have some big return to give. David could not exactly see any return, but then that was his ignorance. Taking advantage of the silence, Jubal went en talking. "I'm glad that the waiter has arrived good time. I shall go iu and give him some directions. And mind you don't treat him as if he's a stranger, and had in for the evening. Yon must order him about well, you know. And you mustn't say ' please' to him, nor * thank you;' people never do that in society." Poor David felt himself in a labyrinth of new formalities and ideas. He knew his troubles were not over. Children are to be pitied sometimes when, under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards learning; but bow much more the old pupil who takes his first lessons at the tyrannical and merciless school of society. CHAPTER ~L.—JTJBAX'B FEIEXBS. As eight o'clock approached, the bell rang, aud David trembled. He had been told by Jubal that he must receive the guests, and be inwardly wished that the earth would receive him. But the earth is not kindly in this respect; and though for indefinite centuries rite has been frequently called upon to perform tins office, die has but rarely been known to accede to the demand, and iu these few cases the result has probably not produced all the satisfaction desired. The waiter announced! the Honourable Pelbam Winterfold and Mr. Allan Denleigh. David nervously shook hands, and slunk into the back-ground, while the new arrivals exchanged greetings of a freer kind with the nephew, whom they called " Bimmon." They appeared to have dined, and were in strikingly high spirits. " Snug little place you lave here," remarked Winterfold, addressing David, who started violently, and muttered something inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assented Mr. Denleigh, himself unceremoniously upon ftne of the new satin chairs, and Bhafejnp out a highlycented handkerchief before applying it to the feature of his face. . "Are we to play high or low to-night r inquired Winterfold, backing towards the fire, and remaining stationary in front of it. " As far as J am concerned," aaid Mr. Denleigh, in a high treble, " half-crowns are all the pieces I am worth. Played out, you know, last night. Awful bad luck. We were all at Springwood's. Deuced bot time of it. Spnngwood fire won everything."' « He's a trifle too cfcarp," replied Winterfold. " But. you BUB, one must bo willing to pay a little for one's pleasures; aud his daughters are dencedly finegtrls." . . " Winterfold's going to induce the youngest to many him and leave the stage," said _ Denleigh, winking at JubaL " She'd main a charming' my lady.* aome day." " Thanks;** aaid Winterfold, without moving any feature except bU upper lip, whici curied slightly. " Marrying'B not in my line. Besides, Idon't consider that Miis Juliet or her aisters would 1» much good in riectioneering, aud erorythmg depends on a man's wife if he has a Pariiamentary career before him ; doesn't it, Mr. Bimmon f" he said, appealing to David.- »•o»*id was so much rngbpt at i ^ b p hrt od, (hatha «SwH «wtstaw(».«i*» reply. He bad not mdtertood ths lati* lettt; tatbems wriartte >n that all was n o t j ^ t ••So to iw^ not'to hest^be^ Wuttsifold attUnad him, and examined a i ; on the wall, as if be had never seen it before. "You'd do a lot in Parliament," remarked Jubal; " you need to have a wife who would do something. And X don't think Miss Juliet can do anything, unless it's dancing; die can't act at all; and as for singing—well, I can't think what Springwood's dreaming about, to put in so many eongsfor her." " Well, you see," Winterfold rejoined, "the British theatre-goer has not a very good ear for music, and she always gets applauded. But whatever be her merits, she's not for me, even if I wished it. She's already the secret property of a certain judge who often dines at my father's table, and preaches molality to my young brothers and sisters." Another ring at tbe bell. " Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" were announced, Another ordeal for David ensued. He went through it better this time, however, as be thought. In shaking hands with Mr. Spcingwood, he remarked with cordiality, " Why, I knew someone of your name, Mr. Springwood; I wonder if it was a relation of yours. 1 "Very likely, indeed," replied that gentleman, cheerfully. " Fve a great many about."* At which there was a loud laugh, tor which David saw no reason. Where did the people live that you knew?" went on Mr. Springwood, with the utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as dose to him as be conveniently could, his head perched on one side, taking it all in. "In Staffordshire," said David, " the Springwoods lived I knew. They were butty colliers, and worked in the Troworth mines." " In that case,'* broke in Deulei^h, " I can answer furit they were no relatives of this Springwood, w)u> is mast highly concteci^d -in every way, I can assure you; upon which there was another loud laugh, in which everybody joined except Springwood, who ap- ]>eaied rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed i he relationship. " Don*tlookbadc,Springwood,"said Winterfold, aggravatingly, " or else you'll have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will say that the admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othello can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowing him in private." " If I couldn't write any better than that,' said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, " I shouldn't have been so successful as I have been." " W u o O " Ah, to be sure," cliimed in Dealei^h, " you write paragraphs for the Police Actes now, don't you V" " If I did," replied Scratch, hotly, " it might be possible that you would figure in one of them." *' Oh ho," broke from the rest of them. Mr. Sheridan Springwood had received a deeper wound than appeared on the surface ; for he bad never yet played Othello, though he was most ambitious to do eo, and had a dreamy notion that he iui;jtit have made this desire of his public after taking a little too much brandy. He looked upon himself as a spirit in chains, for he was at present playing Blue Beard in his father's theatre, where nothing beyond low burlesque was everattempbed. David felt sorry for him, though he did not in the least comprehend the situation. " Are yon fend of acting, sir r' - asked Mr. Bimmon, forgetting his part. "Iam obliged.to be, whether I am or not," replied the actor. It is my profes- " Oh, indeed '•" said Mr. Bimmoa, looking at him witha new interest I was not aware of that." And he starecl at him, thinking within himeelf that an actor looked uncommonly like an ordinary man. ' I don't know what we've got to amuse you, gentlemen,"' went on David. " We might, get up a charade, as you are fond of acting." A great roar of laughter followed this bold suggestion, in which all joined except Jubal, who looked very angry, and remarked thai they were not infants in anps.auy of them, and that they would have a rubber of wliist as scon as the' other fellows should arrive. They did arrive before he bad done speaking; una were announced : " Mr. Kufus Harris, Mr. Hanson, and Mr. Med win." After, a hurried touch of hands, the gentlemen placed themselves round two of the tables, and David saw now what they were for. Packs of cards began to be shuffled. At the table nearest to David, Winterfold, Denleigh, Springwood, and Scratch were seated; at the other, the rest of the party. Tbe waiter came in with glasses aud bottles, much to David's astonishment; and feeling himsdf quite like a fish out of water, he made ia escape through the open door, that he might be able to bcc&tbe; a btde. Returning to Uia cDom in tlu counra of Jntf n ^ n v H found it in a state of uproar. A sharp'altercation was going ou between Winterfold and the comedian, in which a glass bad been knocked off the table and smashed, at which Mr. Scratch abstractedly aimed an empty bottle. David could hardly believe his eyes. He was still more startled when he observed Mr. Denleigh gathering up half-crowns and pocketing them with a delighted smile. " They must be gambling," thought David. But Jubal assured him this was not the case ; that each man would be given back all bis half' crcwns at the end, when the party broke up, which statement was received with a burst of applause by the company, and which poor Davie took m. David didn't smoke, and the drawing-room was getting really stifling by means of the fumes of eight clgare, end be was literally compelled to absent himeelf. This he did rather unwillingly; for be was, in fact, any thing but easy at the course things seemed to be taking. Not knowing what else to do with himself, be went into hiE dining-room, where an elaborate supper was laid, and he dreaded the^moment when he should have to sit at the heafrof it. Xhs noise tn the drawing-room increased. He heard a crash, which he afterwards discovered to be caused by the fall of some of the glass pendants from the chandeliers, at which Mr. Scratch had aimed another bottle. Random throwing was always a feature in bis form of drunkenness. David thought he would quite as soon enter a lion's den as go back into tbe drawing-room. He waited for them to break loose upon him iu ihe dining-room, when they should choose to have supper, which they did soon after 12. The drawing-room door WEB flung open, and the party came out quite steadily, to David's great surprif e: they «id not appear to be very drunk. Jubal placed Winterfold at David's right hand. The rest took their seats as they liked, and with an air of being perfectly at. home. " No journal'll get any paragraph from you. Scratch," remarked Hanson, who was sitting next to him. " You'vo not been looking out for anything, vou know." "Oh, indeed," replied Mr. Scratch, trying to fix hia eye upon the speaker, but failing in the attempt, for that organ would wander all about the room indefinitely, aud his mouth was stretched into a strange smile, 'though be was in anything but a good humour. " It's a mystery how he lives at all," said Med win, who was upon the other side of Hanson. •'He's always sending in wrong information." "That's quite trne," ldmitted Mr. Scratch. "You see, when there's no information, what's one to do i*' David heard this, aud asked in some anxiety, "Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you invent things to send as news to the papers?" " Well, you see, I must live," was tho reply. David forgot to go on carving for a moment. He was tjiinlring within that this accounted for statements in the papers getting contradicted the next day. At last David went cm with hia work and with a valiant effort entered into conversation with Winterfold, who , was helping himself to the wine rather freely, i as indeed most of the company seemed to be doing, without oeremony. "My nephew tells me you are at- Cambridge," he began (be nearly said cir.") " WelL, no," replied Winterfold, with an ap- proach to a grin." I was there." " Ah," said David, "it's the vacation now, isn't it ? When will you be returning f" This question was greeted with laughter, especially by Denleigh, who explained to David that Winterfold was "down" for a year. "Down?" said David, interrogatively. " That is. he's not to go bade to Cambridge for a year." "Oh," sail David, " I understand you. Your bralth gave way, I suppose, sir?" "WelL no," replied Winterfold, who certainly did look in pretty good health. " I was sent down. Had a difference with the tutor, you know." "Yes," chimed in Denleigh, "and it was an awful shame, for he would have beea sore to have come out Senior Wrangler if he bad stayed np." David, out of politeness, felt obliged to continue the oouvernation. "It must be very pleasant at Cambridge. I passed through it once, on my way to Ely, and I thought it looked very sojemn." " You've E**er seen a degree day, have you, Mr. Bimmon P" broke iu Dealeigh, tossing off a glass of wins as he spoke. David confessed that be bad not. " Very eolamu," aaid Winterfold, "very^l y&i;?edifficuHfao£ to do eo when you're so lull of pUnomse at fh^^iight of so much greatness. Vhe ftOlieOmfa* auifaea a speech in latin." ;^JUtherdilEmdt to fellow, fen't itf asked Jut Bisnua, . ** "Oh, no, not at all," asserted Winterfold. We're examined in it after." " I don't quite understand," said David. "This is it," |mt in Deiileigh, winking at interfold. "They think it weli in the niversities to train spontaneous memory, and ne of the means is to reproduce the Public rator's speech." " And »hen hive you to do this't Soon after- j 1 wards P' asked Oavid. ' ' " The following Sunday," answered Winterfold. " Just before the sermon at the 'Vanity Church." "I didn't know they had anything of that sort in churches," David remarked, considerably astonished. " But I should like to know bow theygive the degrees." " Well, the Vice-Chancellor, you know, he gits at one end." " Does he sit waiting for them to ccra; in?" inquired David, trying to get details. "Ob, no. He has to march three times round the town first, in gorgeous robes, preceded by two big fellows with silver pokers, and on; and then they walk all the way up the Senate House, when it's fuQ, to have better effect; after which the Vice-Chancellor sits down, as I told you.'' "Is anybody allowed to go David. in?" asked 1 " ' Oh, yes. And it gets pretty full, I can tell you." " I suppose you cheer your fnsnds when they take their degree," David observed. Winfold shook his head. " Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in tbe Senate House." " It's very strange," replied David, " but I've somewhere got hold of another impression about that." . " Misinformed," said Senleigb, " misujformed." "Tbe best lark is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. " Those fellows who are grang to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand as anybody else. They quite. patronise tbe Vioe- Chancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where we undergraduates are packed like so many herrings. Xo doubt they would like us to applaud, but, you see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Littlego to go in for," went on the speaker, with considerable warmth; "they'd find it out, and perhaps they wouldn't be up taking their degree quite so soon, A lot of 'em came aud dined at our college, at the high table, where [ used to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." " What do they talk about, now?" said David, addressing the fellow-commoner. "Awful rot," replied Winterfold. "They did nothing but pay each other compliments. I know one was trying not to get out of temper with another—something about the weight of the world. One said it weighed a quarter cf an ounce more than the other; and that's bow it was, I think." " Really," said David, " I bad no idea that gentlemen went to universities to amuse themselves—really I hadn't." The three undergraduates laughed on hearing this. "Look here, Mr. Bimmon," said Harris, with great solemnity, " I saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor got wind of us, and the slavey let him into tbe bouse. You've no idea what awful slaveys those lodging-bouse ones are. There ought to be a university regulation to make them wash themselves; vou'd say so if you could see one. W«ll. wh<»n I heaid the proctor coming upstairs " What is a proctor 5" asked David. " Oh. a kind of university policeman,'' replied Harris. " I just locked the door, and let those two m m down a rope I've got, into the street, and there they were, you know; and I made out there was something the matter with the lock, untd they bad gone clean off, down the rope at any rate. When the proctor came in, he saw only me and my reading-lamp and my books. He was quite amazed when 1 asked him if anything were the matter — quite politely, you may be sure. He said be certainly thought he heard an uproar coining from this very window. I suggested the rooms opposite as tbe seat of the disturbance, and complained of the difficulty of working while there was such a rcw." That was a very narrow »seane,"' said David. " I hope it was a lesson to you all." "Oh." remarked Springwood, derisively, I don't call that anything of a situation." '»You try it, that's ail," said Dealeigh, hctly. " He'll try a rope in another position,'' suggested Scratch, who was getting rather b far gone, and hiccupped considerably. " rm not going to give ym tbe pteagure of writing that ^TtftorteftSponge ood-.. "taartetter Jearn^ to JnafcrtBfc <5 thosi? you have. Oh," he said, turning to Hoboon, " I wish I had half that fellow's chances. He's always losing them. Only he other day he was seat specially to report on the health of a certain member of Parliament who had been lyin? atthe point of death, aud whSehe was waiting for latest details, be banged if be didn't go and gst drunk, and when the details were given htm, he couldn't understand a word of it, and there »a• nothing in the paper next morning about it." " But there was a jolly row," Scratch allowed. " I wonder they had any more to do with you on the paper," observed Med win, who said very little, but generally managed to make that littie offensive. " They knew whom to value," said Scratch, laboriously. It's more than you seem to." I fell vou another thing Scratch did," remarked Hanson. " Young Bimmon doesn't know it, I think. He went to a great temperance meeting, where Tx>rd Winterfold was presiding.' , " Ah," said Winterfold, appreciatively, " my dad's awful on the teetotal Question." i " you haven't imbibed much of his spirit, at i any tate," putin Jubal, ktughioj i , i " _ I prefer to imbibe spirit ^ -another sort." r ^ t replied Wmtenold. Tliis was pretty evident j from his action at this moment. j Thu gentleman aliout whom the strrv was to be told began a devil's tat'oo on the ts-bie ! wish two glasses, to drown the voice of the i narrator. j Mr. Hanson only r»is*d his voiee, and was | perfectly audible : while Mtdwin, who was j bis supporter in alltbings, took the glasses ii oai j Scratch's bauds, and flutg 1hen quie I5' under j the table, for which he was applauded. i "I say Scratch went to this meeting whers I LordWiinteiiold was presiding; sent on purpose to report his speech, and be banged ii h didn't go drank to the meeting and fall asleep in the middle of it, and just half of the speech quite _ . Medwin. " Somebody had to round it oir. at ; any rate, whether it was the compositor or the j devil." j " And yet he wasn't turned off tne paper. - , said Hanson. " Here you behold him flourish- ' inglike a grean bay tree. You wouldn't take him to be a pcet, now, to look at him," went on his tormentor. The whole company agreed that they certainly should net. " Well, it's all through a poem he wrote, that got published in the • Kangaroo,' that he got hts position. He was only a penny-a- liuer brfore then, and now he can take what he UKt s - Scratch suggested that he should like to take some cherry brandy, aud forthwith he helped himself, after which be turned very affectionately to Springwood, and announced bis in ten- 1 - . x ' 1 Zt r.. 1 Pirt nr.t mfiim V."* — - acecti'jn. journalist, was probably " rnna] the truth. She cares no more for me," said ( 1 thin if I were nobody," which David !;<v*an to tw alarmed at tbe proepsct o some priva'e revelation. None followed, however. ButJkratch fervently promised Spring- wood that he would write the best notic. imaginable about the new burlesque then coining on. " Look here, old fellow," he ssid, " yeu shall write do*n *-hat you want me to say, and I'll put it in form." So Springwood and Scratch shook hands, and Scratch invited himself to lunch at Springwood's the following Monday, where he would catsh a glimpse of Miss Juliet before she went to rehearsal. Here, w-thout any prelude, Mr. Denleigh announced iu sopg his intention of not going home till morning. All the company, except David, joined him in this, and a great noue ensued. It was about S o'clock in the morning when a flood of light shot across the path from The Chestnuts, and seven rollicking figure* turned out, still insisting that they were not going heme till morning. Most of them had not far to go. fortunately. But Springwood and Scratch had to get into the heart of Manchester somehow. Ai a matter of fact they didn't'eet hMneatall that night, owing to Mr. Scratch's sittingdown on a stone in the high road, and refusing to stir, declaring" in sepulchral tones thst this was the headstone of the grave of his fallen genius. v : As forj»bal, he'was ^strefasbed at full length onderlbedimiJEtoomtiBb^untflhUundaand 'Che waiter learned bin tmstBint; the former, wretched and dazed,not in- the least knowing what action to take, end repenting M bitterly ihst he bad adopted Jub: CHAPTER IX—THE DKSLKKJIIS. About two m3es outside Bowdon was a dreary stretch of land, productive chiefly a thistles. A widish brook tnteaecSed this pieee of waste, and pollard willoWB of gaunt weird jjrepo/tions flourished oo its banks. - othtr trees were to be seen, with the ex«p.t«m- «f three solitaiy straight poplars that stood tentiuel over a bed of osiers. The land put to BO sort of use, and bad a msJi-and-G^d forsaken aspect rarely to be met with, but not easily to be forgotten. Xo COWB grazed there, no cottager* made uee of tbe deserted place to run pigB or dnefcs out, no birds ever seemed to be singing in the immediate neighbourhood; not even a donkey browaed there, though bis favourite herb was most abundant. A narrow footpath lay right across it by the side of the brook, and finallv crossed the brook by »little bridge, with a rail ou one side only. Thepotb was not much worn, as there was a more direct road than across uitse fields to almost anywhere it could lead to. At one season of year it nearly always became flooded. _ The people who owned this land lived in an old-fashioned great houee, situate in a valley aboat half a mUe distant from it. Tbe reader might conclude either that there was no master to this establishment, or that he was abroad. Neither was the case. Colonel De&kigh; scarcely ever left the bouse, which everyone else in it devoutly wished he could leave. They led but a dreary life, except when the colonel b nephew and a chance friend came home from Cambridge. Mrs. Deakigh, a tall lady, with much to boost of in tbe way of ancestors, and an indescribable air of never far a moment forgetting that she used to be young and good- . tooting, invited audi aorietf as coold be gofej •tog«g«g,'eon»darmg t£at fca hiafbafid %-IT; confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely to *-- quarrel, and that she was encumbered witbta rather plain daughter, who, if she did -not know that she was plain, bad the Iwwn pretty well drummed into her in her daily contact with ber worthy parents. It will be imagined that Winterfold'B advent was a perfect godsend. " For who knows," said Mrs. Denleigh to her husband, when be was in a rather better temper than usual, which was not saying much,but wLathe may marry Amelia off our hands ? I do think there's nothing eo disagreeable and irritating to see a giri metamorphosed into an old maid under one's very eyes." " None of the other fellows that have come here have married her," retorted her husband, snappishly. " Everybody isn't such a bom fool as I was." . . . Mrs. Denleigh was so accustomed to this kind of remark that she went on without noticing it. " It's of no use to take Amelia to dinner parties and to balls. She doesn't show there. _ She. shines in a domestic light. Therefore if we wish to marry her, we must bring young men to Btay in the houee and see what --he is." " If ehe shines in a domestic light," ssid the irritable father, " it's more than her mother does." This conversation, with slight variations, took place at least cnce or twics in every vacation, when Allan proposed to bring a friecd home. On Sunday morning following the party at The Chesnnts, the colonel, with the aia of the the butler and one or two more servant*, had been landed in the breakfast parlour, and was angrily looking out cn a dreary stretch of law n, and a partially frozen fishiiona atthe bottom of it. There was no newspaper, and this always vexed him. It was the one drawback to Sunday, in his opinion. For this reason it wai bat peevishly that he replitd to the greeting of Winterfold, who entered the room as ladedlooking as any painted beauty appears at her breakfast-table after a night's revel. " Morning," grunted the colonel. " Think we shall have any skating?'* asked Winterfold, rubbing hie bloodshot eyes with a silk handkerchief. ••How can I tell?" replied the coloneL " The weather's nothing to do with me. I wish they'd frr"»g that breakfast in. Where's Allan?" " Here, uncle," said that gentleman, entenng tbe room as washed-out as bis companion. •* Do vou want me for anything ?" " Where's Amelia ?" "Han? it all, uncle, what's up with you this morning?" . Tbe colonel made no reply, but continued to scowl through the window. When Amelia came in, and nodded to ber cousin and his companion, and kisted the colonel's forehead, ehe seated herself at the table to dispense the breakfast, whichhad baea rought in on ber entrance. Perhaps she was a plain, but shs looked very — said tiuTcoSonel to'his nepbsw. « Why, certainly, sir." replied the mdivjtfVii- , " But you might ask in a different manner. And Winterfold on one tide, and Denleigh on the other, escorted the bristling colonel tohtf accustomed seat Conversation was not retouv made, BZ the two young gentlemen had headaches; the elder gentleman, a general ache all ovsr, produced by combiner! rheumatism and gout, which, in fact, had crippled him. As for Amelia she never talked much—perhaps because Ler elders bad set her the example of talking a great deal more than they should have done, she did, however, ask if ber cousin aud Mr. Winterfold Wt-rs going to church with her. " We may as well go," said Decleigh to his companion, rather than in answer to his cousin. " We may see those girls." " What giris?" inquired the colonel. " Well, to tell you the truth, we don't know."* replied Alkn, " but we know where they live, and I wish aunt would call on their folks." " What are they like?" the colonel proceeded to ask, with a show of interest- "Bather difficult to describe," said hu " They are bath. talL But I thiak the dark one's the _ prettiest, bne s more t>iouiiat. ... at acy rate.*' * The tolcael, who was always desirous to ado to bis acauaintance any gooc- Iookrag women, mentallv resolved thathis wife should call upon them, whoever thay were, and invite them to nest dinner, if thev could be got to come, But he remarked aloud, not being able to express this to his wiie at the moment, that he ^ with Sirs. Denleigh would leave oa that habit oi having breakfast in bed, and come c0wn, asany other latly would. Before breakfast wao finished, Mrs. Dealeigh did arrive, but dressed for church. "Look here, aunt," began Allia at once, " Til show TOU those young ladies I spoke of to-day. They are sure to be at church, and uncle wants jou to call on them."' '•WLisbl shall aot a-i uutilicaa find out •aid the proud lady, witha to Bet the Sector's wife to introduce the ladies ii oueation to his auirt. After a few commonpi see remarks, the ladles { assea ou, and Mrs. Denleigh asked the lector's wife who they ••They are two widows who live together," was the repiy. " Very lulet, and keep a greai ri^ai to themselves, I have heard. My huabaud has been isolating that I should get them " But do you mean to tell me," said Mra. Denleigh, "that that one with the short black curls is a widow? She doesn't look out of her ^ s . ^ ^ a w[dow_ ^ ^ a HtHe boy. I have seen him out witi his curse. But She ia very ^rosf-giained, and will hardly let you lode at the child." , ... A few minutes later, as they were walking along the rc-ad bordering on the watte ian« we have spoken of, WnArcioIu discried two black figure moving leisurelv »long at tbe side cf the brock. He indicated "tho fact to his friend; and whtn once the ladies f£ their era party had turned round the corner which led into their own grounds, Winterfold and Denleigh made a simultaneous rush towards the little bridge that led acroea t&e; brook into tbe waste land, and then walked leisurely enough toward, tbe two biack advancing figures. " We must take cfi our bats, because, you see, we have been introduced," said Winterfold. " We've no need to wait for them." They were quite close to the ladies now, and off went the hats. The two girls bowed slightly and gravelv. and passed ou, talking together. The voung men were now uncertain what to do. "*We may as well go on to the high road.* said Denleigh. "They ere bound to come back this way, unless they go by tbe high read: it* flm* way leads nowhere exaept to oar hocaeor ete? following them. Deuced cheek, whichever it is." And as tbe stranger passed by them, tbey greeted him with a haughty stare, whid" he returned with one equally haughty. (TO BE aixmrcTED.) If we may trust a native paper at Bombay, the Hindoo noee-ring tsdomned. A meeting n[ members of the Cutehee Veesa 0*wal caste had been held at Hand vie Bunder, when it area resolved that hereafter their women should wear a flower in tfa nose, instead of fha customary no^e-riug. It was stated that the wearing cf nose-rings had led to " much unfavourable poramentj? audit was further resolved tbat^if any - woman wen in future to. wear .a noie-ring, she would be " liable to a fine of.Mtai. da. 'annas, in addition to forfeiture - oftheorcamsnts." ''•••- _ 