THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author of "Treasure Island," "Kidnapped," "The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," &c.; PART I.—THE MARQUESAS. CHAPTER IV.—DEATH. The thought of death, I have said, is upper- most in the mind of the Marquesan. It would be strange if it were otherwise. The race is perhaps the handsomest extant. Six feet is about the middle height of males. They are strongly muscled, free from fat, swift in action, graceful in repose, and the women, though fatter and duller, are still comely animals. To judge by the eye there is no race more viable, and yet death reaps them with both hands. When Bishop Dordillon first came to Tai-o-hae he reckoned the inhabitant at many thou- sands. He was but newly dead, and in the same bay Stanislao Moanatini counted on his fingers eight residual natives. Or take the valley of Hapas, known to readers of Herman Melville under the grotesque misspelling of Hapar. There are but two writers who have touched the South Seas with any genius, both Americans—Melville and Charles Warren Stoddard—and at the christening of the first and the greatest, some influential fairy must have been neglected. "He shall be able to see," "He shall be able to tell," "He shall be able to charm," said the friendly godmothers, "But he shall not be able to hear," exclaimed the last. The tribe of Hapaa is said to have numbered some 400, when the smallpox came, and reduced them by one-fourth. Six months later a woman developed tubercular consump- tion; the disease spread like a fire about the valley, and in less than a year two survivors, a man and a woman, fled from that new- created solitude. A similar Adam and Eve, may some day wither among new races, the tragic residue of Britain. When I first heard this story the date staggered me, but I am now inclined to think it possible. Early in the year of my visit, for example, or late the year before, a first case of phthisis appeared in a household of 17 persons, and by the month of August, when the tale was told me, one soul survived, and that was a boy who had been absent at his schooling. And depopulation works both ways, the doors of death being set wide open, and the door of birth almost closed. Thus, in the half-year ending July, 1888, there were twelve deaths and but one birth in the district of the Hatiheu. Seven ot eight more deaths were to be looked for in the ordinary course; and M. Aussel, the observant gendarme, knew of but one likely birth. At this rate it is no matter of surprise if the population in that part should have declined in 40 years from 6,000 to less than 400; which are, once more, on the authority of M. Aussel, the estimated figures. And the rate of decline must have even accelerated towards the end. A good way to appreciate the depopulation is to go by land from Auaho to Hatiheu. The road is good travelling, but cruelly steep. I do not remember a more swift sentiment of ascen- sion. We seemed scarce to have passed the deserted house, which stands highest in Auaho, before we were looking dizzily down upon its roof; the Casco well out in the bay, and roll- ing for a wager, shrank visibly; and presently through the gap of Tari's isthmus Ua-huna was seen to hang cloudlike on the horizon. Over the summit, where the wind blew really chill, and whistled in the reed-like grass and tossed the grassy fell of the pandanus, we stepped suddenly, as through a door, into the next vale and bay of Hatiheu. A bowl of mountains encloses it upon three sides. On the fourth this rampart has been bombarded into ruins, runs down to seaward in imminent and shattered crags, and presents the one practi- cable breech of the blue bay. The interior of this vessel is crowded with lovely and valuable trees—orange, bread fruit, mummy apple, cocoa, the island chestnut, and fur weeds, the pine and the banana. Four peren- nial streams water and keep it green; and along the dell, first of one then of another of these, the road for a considerable, distance descends into this fortunate valley. The song of the waters and the familiar disarray of boulders gaveus a strong sense of home, which the exotic foliage, the daft-like growth of the pandanus, the buttressed trunk of the banyan, the black pigs galloping in the bush; and the architecture of the native houses dissipated ere it could be enjoyed. The houses on the Hatiheu side begin high up; higher yet, the more melancholy spectacle of empty paepaes. When a native habitation is deserted the superstructure—pandanus thatch, wattle, unstable tropical timber— speedily rots, and is speedily scattered by the wind. Only the stones of the terrace endure, nor can any ruin, cairn or standing stone or vitrified part present a more stern appear- ance of antiquity. We must have passed from six to eight of these now houseless platforms. On the main road of the island, where it crosses the valley of Taipi, Mr. Osbourne tells me they are to be reckoned by the dozen, and as the roads have been made long posterior to their erection; perhaps to their desertion, and must simply be regarded as lines drawn at random through the bush, the forest on either hand must be equally filled with these survivals—the gravestones of whole families. Such ruins are tapu in the strictest sense; no native must approach them; they have become outposts of the kingdom of the grave. It might appear a natural and pious custom in the hundreds who are left—the rear- guard of perished thousands—that their feet should leave untrod these hearthstones of their fathers. I believe, in fact, the custom rests on different and more grim conceptions. But the house, the grave, and even the body of the dead have been always particularly honored by Mar- quesans. Until recently the corpse was some- times kept in the family and daily oiled and supped until, by gradual and revolting stages, it dried into a kind of mummy. Offerings are still laid upon the grave. In Traitor's Bay Mr. Osbourne saw a man buy a looking- glass to lay upon his son's; and the senti- ment against the desecration of tombs, thought- lessly ruffled in the laying down of the new roads, is a chief ingredient in the native hatred for the French. The Marquesan beholds with dismay the approaching extinction of his race. The thought of death sits down with him to meat and rises with him from his bed; he lives and breathen under a shadow of mortality awful to support; and he is so inured to the apprehension that he greets the reality with relief. He does not even seek to support a disappointment; at an affront, at a breach of one of his fleeting and communistic love affairs, he seeks an instant refuge in the grave. Hang- ing is now the fashion. I heard of three who had hanged themselves in the west end of Hiva oa during the first half of 1888; but though this be a common form of suicide in other parts of the South Seas, I cannot think it will continue popular in the Marquesas. Far more suitable to Marquesan sentiment is the old form of poisoning with the fruit of the eva, which offers to the native suicide a cruel but deliberate death, and gives time for those decencies of the last hour, to which he at- taches such remarkable importance. The coffin can thus be at hand, the pigs killed, the cry of the mourners sounding already through the house; and then it is, and not before, that the Marquesan is conscious of achievement, his life, all rounded in, his robes (like Cæsar's) adjusted for the final act. Praise not any man till he is dead, said the ancients; envy not any man till you hear the mourners, might be the Marquesan parody. The coffin, though of late introduction, strangley engages their attention. It is to the mature Marquesan what a watch is to the European schoolboy. For 10 years Queen Vaekehu had dunned the fathers; at last, but the other day, they let her have her will, gave her her coffin, and the woman's soul is at rest. I was told a droll instance of the force of this preoccupation. The Polynesians are subject to a disease seemingly rather of the will than of the body. I was told the Tahi- tians have a word for it, crimatua, but can- not find it in my dictionary. A gendarme, M. Nouveau, has seen men beginning to succumb to this insubstantial malady, has routed them from their houses, turned them on to do their trick upon the roads, and in two days has seen them cured. But this other remedy is more original. A Marquesan, dying of this dis- couragement—perhaps I should rather say this acquiescence—has been known, at the fulfilment of his crowning wish, on the mere sight of that desired hermitage, his coffin, to revive, recover, shake off the hand of death, and be restored for years to his occupations—carving tikis, let us say, or braiding old men's beards. From all this it may be conceived how easily they meet death when it approaches naturally. I heard one example, grim and picturesque. In the time of the smallpox in Hapaa an old man was seized with the disease; he had no thought of re- covery; had his grave dug by a wayside, and lived in it for near a fortnight eating, drinking, and smoking with the passers-by, talking mostly of his end, and equally unconcerned for him- self and careless of the frienda whom no m fected. This proneness to suicide and loose seat in life is not peculiar to the Marquesan. What is peculiar is the widespread depression and ac- ceptance of the national end. Pleasures are neglected, tbe dance languishes, the songs are forgotten. It is true that some, and perhaps too many of them, are proscribed; but many remain, if there were spirit to support or revive them. At the last feast of the Bastila Stanislao Moanatini shed tears when he beheld the inani- mate performance of the dancers. When the people sang for us in Anaho they must apolo- gise for the smallness of their repertory. They were only young folk present, they said, and it was only the old that knew the song. The whole body of Marquesan poetry and music was being suffered to die out with a single dis- pirited generation. The full import is apparent only to one acquainted with other Polynesian races. Who knows how the Samoan coins a fresh song for every trifling incident, or who has heard (on Penrynn for instance) a band of little stripling maids from 8 to 13 keep up their minstrelsy for hours at a stretch, one song following another without pause. In like manner the Marquesan, never industrous, begins now to cease altogether from produc- tion. The experts of the group decline out of all proportion even with the death rate of the islanders. "The coral waxes, the palm grows and man departs," says the Mar- quesan, and he folds his hands. And surely this is nature. Fond as it may appear, we labor and refrain, not for the rewards of any single life, but with a timid eye upon the lives and memories of our successors and where no one is to succeed of his own family or his own tongue I doubt whether the Rothschilds would make money or Cato practise virtue. It is natural also that a temporary stimulus should sometimes rouse the Marquesan from his lethargy. Over all the landward share of Anaho cotton runs like a wild weed; manor woman, whoever comes to pick it, may earn a dollar in a day; yet when we arrived the trader's storehouse was entirely empty and before we left it was near full. So long as the circus was there, so long as the Casco was yet anchored in the bay, it behoved everyone to make his visit; and to this end every woman must have a new dress; and every man a shirt and trousers. Never before in Mr. Regler's experience had they displayed so much activity. In their despondency there is an element of dread. The fear of ghosts and of the dark is very deeply written in the mind of the Poly- nesian; not least of the Marquesan. Poor Taipi, the chief of Anaho, was condemned to ride to Hatihen on a moonless night. He borrowed a lantern, sat a long while nerving himself for the adventure, and when he at last departed wrung the cascos by the hand as for a final separation. Certain presences, called Vehinehae, frequent and make terrible the nocturnal roadside; I was told by one they were like so much mist, and as the traveller walked into them dispersed and dissipated; another described them as being shaped like men and baving eyes like cats; from none could I obtain the smallest clearness as to what they did or wherefore they were dreaded. We may be sure at least they repre- sent the dead, for the dead, in the minds of the islanders, are all-pervasive. "When a native says that he is a man," writes Dr. Coddington, "he means that he is a man and not a ghost; not that he is a man and not a beast. The intelligent agents of this world are to his mind the men who are alive; and the ghosts the men who are dead." Dr. Coddington speaks of Melanesia; from what I have learned his words are equally true of the Polynesian. And yet more. Among cannibal Polynesians a dreadful suspicion rests generally on the dead; and the Marquesans, the greatest cannibals of all, are scarce likely to be free from similar beliefs. I hazard the guess that the Vehinehae are the hungry spirits of the dead, continuing their life's business of the cannibal ambuscade, and lying everywhere unseen, and eager to devour the living. Another superstition I picked up through the troubled medium of Tari Coffin's English. The dead, he told me, came and danced by night around the paepae of their former family; the family were there- upon overcome by some emotion, but whether of pious sorrow or of fear I could not gather, and must "make a feast," of which fish, pig, and popio were indispensable ingredients. So far, this is clear enough. But, here Tari went on to instance the new house of Toma, and the housewarming feast which was just then in preparation, as instances in point. Dare we, indeed, string them together, and add the case of the deserted ruin, as though the dead con- tinually besieged the paepaes of the living, were kept at arm's length. Even from the first foundation, only by propitiatory feasts, and so soon as the fire of life went out upon the hearth swarmed back into possession of their ancient seat? I speak by guess of these Marquesan super- stitions. On the cannibal ghost I shall return elsewhere with certainty. And it is enough for the present purpose to remark that the men of the Marquesas, from whatever reason, fear and shrink from the presence of ghosts. Conceive how this must tell npon the nerves in islands where the number of the dead already so far exceeds that of the living, and the dead multiply and the living dwindle at so swift a rate. Conceive how the remnant huddles about the embers of the fire of life; even as old red Indians, deserted on the march and in the snow, the kindly tribe all gone, the last flame expiring, and the night around populous with wolves. (To be continued.) 