Harmstons Show. . What is the charm that hangs about a circus, making it at once, the first attraction of youth and the last giddy excitement of old age ? No one appears to be able to satis- factorily explain the phenomenon, and probably the 5000 persons paying at the gates during the three performances of Harmston's Show in Cairns went to find out. We have not heard that anyone succeeded in solving the conundrum, so it may be con- cluded that between admiration and laughter at the really first-class entertainment pro- vided, no time was left for speculation. We have already published an extended notice of the general performance, and can confine ourselves to Dick Turpin's ride to York , which was presented on Wednesday evening. This was no shoddy, skeleton representation of the good old equestrian drama-the style and finish being equal to the pt! my days of yore at Astleys and Sängers, and the more modern ones of Henglers. The fat'of the piece naturally falls to Dick Turpin (Mr. Haruiston), but from that gentleman] down- wards it was evident tfiat no small amount of histrionic ability is possessed .by the company. When Miss Blonde grows tired of the hante ecole and sawdust, she can easily turn to the boards and footlights, and Sammy and his "papa" would not be out of place in modern burlesque. 'We need hardly state that the piece was " dressed." we can't say staged, in first-class and ap- propriate style, liut Blaek Bess, bonny Black Bess, the equine heroine of our child- hood's days, deserves more than a passing word. Admirably trained, jumping the York gab- like a bird, feigning lameness, distress and exhaustion at will, this particular performer was greeted with well deserved applause, which increased when the animal gave np the-' ghost after kiss in-' her master. The faithful animal in, tt^m *~imnt<*rm*lt*u.tiri SBJeutlW fourni the ring, not a movement betraying that it is alive. Carping critics may have objected to the fact that this particular Black Bess was not of the sex made to vex, hut the more liberal minded must boiv to art ; recognise the cleverness of the horse in pretending to be a mare, and credit Mr. Harington with wonderful ability in training a male per- former to act a lady's :part- The company I left by the Aramac on Thursday for Cook- town, riv route to Java. We wish them success,- and do not "begrudge them the dollars they have annexed. Of all the Travelling Stars yet visiting Cairns they are undoubtedly the best they promise a grand performance and they render it faithfully; the rowdyism almost inseparably connected with Wild West business is here conspicu- ously absent, and the agents and managers Messrs. Barton, Hicks and George Washing- ton Lincoln Solly are gentlemen who manage thc business arrangements admir- ably. The reverse of the medal in connec- tion with the visit of . Harmston's Show is the fact that butcher, bakers and candle- stick makers will go short in their little monthly accounts for a bit. But, there, it is to be hoped that the visit of Harmston's really genuine entertainment will have the good effect of waking fifth rale dramatic and other companies steer clear of Cairns, at all events until the clouds roll by. 