THEARTICAL NOTES Dramatic Gossip. The new English Opera House has a mechanical staff of fully 200 behind the stage. To avoid confusion, they are distinguished by badges on their arms. A red fillet denotes a stage or flyman ; yellow, a lineman ; and blue, an electric man. Miss Mary Anderson, it appears, has firmly made up her mind never to act again. An American theatrical agent recently called on her at her house in the country and offered her the extraordinary sum of £1000 a week for a three months' tour. But she refused even to see him, and her husband informed the agent that she does not intend to appear in public again. Mrs. Langtry will shortly appear as the heroine in the English version of Ibsen's latest drama, "Hedda Gabler." Mme. Sarah Bornhardt has been giving to an interviewer her opinions on Ibsen. " I ad mire him immensely," she said, " but I would rather read Ibsen than see him on the boards." " Bat," she added, by way of discounting her judgment, " I have only seen one of his plays acted, and that was 'Ghosts.'" Apropos to the play in question, " It was perhaps provi dential" (remarks the Saturday Review) "that Dr. Aveling should have taken upon himself to read to the members of the Playgoers' Club on Ibsen's ' Ghosts,' or we might have been in flicted with a matinee performance of this un savoury play. So long as young girls continue to be the chief ornaments of English theatres, * Ghosts' will, we trust, only haunt the resorts of Dr. Aveling and other Ibsenitcs, and not thrust themselves upon wholesome-minded people in decent places of amusement." Befcrring to the production at the Avenue, in February last, of a dramatised version of 44 Monte Cristo," in which, by the way, oar old friend Charles Warner was assigned the title role, "It is a remarkable fact," says the paper just quoted, " that Alexandra Dumas's most imaginative novel, • Monte Cristo,' has never been successfully dramatised, although it con tains a number of eminently dramatic situa tions. The dramatists—and there have been many—who have attempted to make a play oat of this fascinating story have possibly been confused by the wealth of material at their dis posal, and have produced a series of tableaux rather than a consecutive play. The hero of ' Monte Cristo' in the novel is interesting, bat in the drama becomes, after his esoape from the Chateau d'lf, a sort of vindictive deu* ex machind, killing off his enemies at the end of each act without much apparent reason; for there is not the time in the course of a short evening's entertainment to explain why he should hate half the company with such fate ful purpose. ... In short, ' Monte Cristo' is useless for dramatic purposes. To make him interesting on the stage would require a prologue in five acts and a play in fifty. An average London audience likes a concise story. . . . Mr. Charles Warner, as Monte Cristo, exhibited throughout a pro found knowledge of what is known in theatrical parlance as 'reserve force.' In the prison scene he was his old solf, intensely yet artisti cally melodramatic. The ' gods' oheered him to the echo. We preferred hi 3 imposing acting in the scene in which he figures in the disguise of a priest." 44 Saturday night" (7th February), the same dramatic critic informs us, " was rendered memorable at the Lyoeum by a revival of that excellent melodrama 'The Lyons Mail,1 in which Mr. Irving plays the dual parts of Lesurque3 and DuboßC It is almost a mis fortune that the great Buccess of ' Much Ado About Nothing' will not permit of Mr. Irving giving more frequent performances of one of the most remarkable creations of his genius. . . . Those who can remember the first per formances of ' The Lyons Mail' will perhaps not have forgotten that Mr. Irving originally made the parts so different that it really was difficult to bring them together. Since then, and especially this year, by an infinite number of delicate touches, he has contrived to invest each character with distinct attributes, em phasising the physical resomblance and a certain similarity of costume to indicate as forcibly as possible to the audience a likeness which in real life occasioned the tragical mistake upon which the plot of tho play is founded. The most wonderful part of Mr. Irving's acting in this piece is precisely the subtlety with which he keeps the two characters so distinct, and yot renders them sufficiently alike to account for the extraordinary circumstances in which they figure." The will of Miss Emma Abbott, the American prima donna, directed that she should be cremated after her body had been submitted to electrio tests to prove that life was extinct. An annuity of £1000 is left to her father, and the same to her mother, and £2000 is left to Mrs. Wetherill, the mother of Mr. Wetherill, Miss Abbott's late husband, after which follow some bequests. The remainder of the estate, variously assessed at sums ranging from £200,000 to £400,000, is left to charities. Miss Herbert, formerly of Mr. Bland Holt's Dramatic Company, who went to England about two years ago, has been engaged by Mr. Jerome K. Jerome, the humorist and play wright, for one of his pieces. " Miss Herbert" is a stage name only, as the lady who adopts it is a Miss M'Connell, of Hobart. Some of her relatives still reside in that city. Mr. James MacMahon, of the Melbourne Opera House, thus recently delivered himself to a representative of the New York Press on the copyright law between America and Aus tralia :—" 1 have long had a desire to establish between American and Austral ian managers an equitable reciprocity with regard tn the works of playwrights, bat the present condition of the copyright law is an insuperable barrier to a practical working of snob a scheme. For my part, and I am sure that I voioe the opinion of all reputable managers, I would rather pay a fair price for a right of which I am practically assured than get a seemingly more promising but uncertain one for nothing. To cite a oase in point, I have secured from Mr. Neil Burgess the rights which properly belong to him in tho successful pro duotion of 'The County Fair,1 the intrinsic merit of which is remarkable apart from the star's intensely clever characterisation. Mr. Burgess, wisely perceiving the inefficiency of the present copyright law, invoked a higher and more potent power, and protected his pro duction by letters patent on his mechanical effects. These being far- reaching and as effica cious in Australia as here, we have a property right which is inviolate. If tho copyright did as much for authors as the patent law for in ventors we should have nothing to complain of." In a letter quoted in Molbourne Table Talk Mr. MacMahon says:—" I am having all the machinery for the great race scene in • The County Fair,' which ought to be a great piece, made here (New York) at a cost of £400. The rest of the scene we will fit up in Mel bourne at the cost of a good deal more ; but the effect is great, and worth the money. There is very little in Aracrioa that I ooasiJer good enough for Australia." 