k Late Repentance; OB, THE LITTLE WHITE HAHD. By Mrs. MARY i. DENISOS. 4 ; CHAPTEB XXIV. WHAT A LIKENESS t The steamer Osean was lying at the wharf, and her passengers were coming in -crowds. A gentleman, who looked like a lawyer, was busy going in and ont of a handsome double stateroom, and he seemed very solicitous in providing for the comfort of its future occu pants. In the state-room adjaeentjsoline Huntley and Laura Yeshoff was busy arranging their books, bags, and sundry packages, assisted by a good-natured looking girl, who was Ieoline'e drcBsing-maid. ' " I'm afraid they're to have a baby next door," said Isoline, rather crossly, "or a whole raft of troublesome children. Ah, what & beautiful woman!" " Where?" cried Laura, coming forward. "Gone into that Bame state-room; and there's a nurse, and—a baby 1 I knew it! Ife each a nuisance to have a young child near. However, it can't be helped. They're an uncommonly handsome party. The lady had a little girl by the hand as lovely as an angel. I wonder who they are." " I'll find out, miss," said the maid. " Do—but be careful." Back came the girl in a few momenta,£uite p03ted. " The gentleman that was fixing up things wasn't her husband at all; he was her lawyer, and the lady was a widow—but ob, oceans -■ch ! S"ie had a fortune left her in Easla r1 and she was going on there to see her native place once more." " Some rich old family, I suppose," said Isoline. " I wonder what made her come to America ? Oh, married, I suppose, and came on with her husband. Well, it's none of our business." The steamer was staunch; the ocean as calm as it conld be; the company on board excellent. Isoline and Laura were always together. A great change had come over the latter, though Isoline, selfish in her new experience, did not observe it, only at times. Laura brooded much over the past. Sometimes she hated Isoline, and the most cruel thought^, like unbidden ghosts, would take possession of her brain. A wild jealousy, that stung like soorpions, goaded her night and day. She was very restless, impetuous, and listless by .turns; nursing dark and almost murderous fancies. In fact, her love beoame a disease that poisoned her life. She was all the time imagining the meeting between them. " Shall I brand him there and then, or had I beet bide my time?" she would ask herself, and then smile and gloat over his imagined discomfiture. —Jseei^t^w'^e°^_»engtng~lEpirit ram —ymxt-Mietlepth ofIhe sea." "I can't think," said Isoline, one day, "why you wanted me to be eilent with re gard to your movements. Have you any plan?—do yon fancy yon shall frighten him or make him swoon with transport to find you alive, when he was thinking you forty fathoms deep for months ?" " Nonsense!" eaid Laura. " You know it's only a whim of mine. I have told yon a thousand times." " Now, how do I know what you and he did on that voyage out? Men are so queer —off with the old, on with the new. Did he make love to you ?" " Don't be silly, Isoline." These were the words she said aloud, but, oh, in her heart "she was thinking of that wonderful time when .they two planned how they should live in a cheerful corner of old Alderboughs, and be all the world to each other. " If I believed the red on your cheek, I ehould answer my own question," said Iso line. " Well, it wouldn't be very strange. 1 could forgive him, couldn't you ?" " No 1" snapped Laura. " Let me alone, Isoline, my head aches." " But I do wish you would tell me." " Suppose I did. If you wish me to say he made love to me, why I'll say it. Any thing to please you," and Bhe laughed strangely. " How for did it go?" asked Isoline, affect ing to examine a ring she wore on her fourth finger. " How far ? What do you mean ?" " Did he ask you to marry him ?" «< Would you like me to eay yes?" " Well, if he really did, you know." " Tfien he really did—continuation of the fiction. He asked me to be Lady Dannie ton." " Oh, of course it's fictiou, because it isn't probable that be knew anything about his good fortune till he got to England. Do you suppose he did?" she added, teas ingly. " I don't want to talk about it. Why can't you keep your happiness, and let me alone ?" " I am keeping my happiness, my dear. I only want a reasonable excuee for your odd way of doing things. It would be natural enoueh fcr yen to like Lord Dunniston." " Why " Oh, you knew him before I did."_ B widower." Isoline winced. She had often eoouted the idea of marrying a widower, first hand or none, she was wont to say. " Bat come now, do you really think he loved you before be saw me ?" "Why will you talk about it ?" cried Laura, eherpely. " What is it to you what he thought of me, if you are sure that he loves you ?" " One likes to learn abont the little may have beecs," web the reply. Did he ever talk about—" " I won't hear another question," said Laura, decidedly, and rose from her seat and crossed the other side. It was a glorious day. The sea gleamed like ehett-; of emeralds; the sky was Blue as summer skies can be. The great stsasner rocked fcCut'v like a cradle. ijinia leetec against toe side, and feit desolate and heart broken. All the wealth, all the joy, ail the glory and beauty of life were for Isoline, not for her. " And I can blight each and every separate blessing," she said to herself. "But how mil it be done ? I can't shape anything; I must let events and ohanoes shape them selves. If I plan them, I shall surely spoil them. And I feel as if I am sent by some unseen power—perhaps the spirit of the poor murdered wife—for I do believe he murdered her. I have never recalled the expression of his face at that moment, bat what I have ab solutely believed his words—yes, absolutely. He could not have invented so terrible a story; at that time it must have been simply im ie. X almost wiin, wmetimee.lmb*.,,. hsdiet Ieoline tell him til abont me,ana«tay«»^ si home. Why hive I this longing to des troy him, when they two might be happyt Why not my to myself that oonfeBaion was a fiction, ana he, in his oxrited "£*** «£ know what he was saying? Nojon the whole, I'm glad I didnt, when I reeril toe ikitMiagfl of that letter—*! hec&useehe; is your friend.' Oh, the dupli atyof themanl MI teadhhim to hate me, to gase over toe wide, dazzling expanse of WpiMentty the eharp exclamation o! soma child struck her ear. She turned. A chuffs swinging cradle, adroitly ax ranged so as to serve as a carnage, was close ^eher, ana©altonitooliBd • W white handkerchief over hie, bright node, every now and then propelled it lor a toort ^^OhTwhat a lovely boy 1 Ob, yousweet baby!" oried Laura, who via a passionate admirer of children. . .... *•„ Theohiia Iooked full in her faee with We dark eyes enlarged and shining end emuea; then took on toe look of preoomous wisdom children's feces assume. , . " Ion beautiful baby I whom do yon look like? Sorely some faoe I have seen before. Will he let me kiss him, do yon think? "Oh, yeB, madam," eaid Dalton, prondand pleased at her delight. •'Is he yonr brother™ . . .. "No, indeed; I have neither brother no* 6lB"yonr little nephew then, or cousin f" "No relation at all. I'm going on with Wane to be ednoated abroad. "Wane! Who is that—the mother of this boy?" asked Ia&uxa;, still on her knees beside the carriage. "lea, madam." . , , . "Wane—'Wane! What have I heard in connection with that name f" she intraoral, then alond, " These look like English child u Mrs. Wane is English." eaid the boy,with a cautions manner and wary look. »< i thought so. And toe papa ?" "He is dead." .. . "Oh, how dreadful I And that pretty woman is a widow. Does ehe never oome on d$ok ?w "Oh, yes, sometimes, but mostly after twi light. She suffers from sea- sickness. "iBhouia like to know her." The boy was silent. Laura played with the white hand of the cherab, who eeemedto . take a partioular fancy to the email feather in her hat, and laughed and showed bis pretty pearl of teetb. . . " How strange that the faoe reminds me of eome other familiar face, and 1 can't plaoe it," she said to herself. . "Oh,there is little mother nowl cried Dalton, his face radiant; and that moment Eden mada his appearance, movmg un steadily, until Dalton gave her his hand for rapport. She seemed surprised for a mo . ment to eee the dainty, handsome, high-bred woman paying humble homage to the child, but could not do less than smile and eeem ^"Toor beautiful baby has stolen my heart/' Laura eaid, playfully. How proud yon must be of him 1" . " I am a tittle proud of him," replied Eden, casting a loving glance at the boy. " He doesn't look a bit tike you. ^ "Oh, no; he favors his father,' she made reply, in a low, faltering voioe. Lanra turned a little aside. " She cannot bear yet to apeak ol him, ehe thought to herself. , " Ion are not a good sailor, I see, ehe added, aloud, determined to make the most of her interview. "Not very; I don't like toe sea,"ana Eden a pplp face gleamed whitely under the silver £ thitjour child also?" asked Dotty, who had been indulg ing in familiar gossip with an old gray-beard suddenly came into the group. She looks like you." .,. "Xes, thiB is my little girl, murmured Eden, drawing the child jealously nearer. •' My darling. I think we must send the maid for yonr hat," she said. " I never saw each lovely children, con tinued Laura," really honest in her admira tion; and such clearly different types of beauty 1 I must ask my friend over here, may I ? Am I taking too great a liberty ? "Oh, no, indeed, no," said Eden, smiling tobLLnel" called Laura. '* Isoline I Mies Huntley 1 The wind is the other way, she doesn't bear me;" and Lanra rose to her feet and crossed the deck. She aid not see the expression that came into Eden's face as ehe spoke toe name, the sndden catching ol the breath, the drawing back of the body, and Arab deep and pained, the amok rising and falling of the chest. "'Isoline!' did she say ;*Miss Huntley 1 Oh, only too well I remember that name I It ffftw on the letters I found, find he eaid it was thenom de plume of a lady who wrote tot the otess. Oh, how that name has stirred me 1 I never thought I should feel like this agam. X hone It is not hate." She was all burning was curiosity now to seethe face of toe woman who had innocently or otherwise corresponded with_ Danniston, though toe shrank at toe same time from toe right. Bat Lanra bad spoken to hsrj Eden saw the tithe, deader figure rise, with that peculiar swaying motion indicative of su preme refinement, if not of gentle blood, and her heart grew sick, though the author of her jealously was, as ehe thought, far beyond toe chance or change of her judg ment. " Isn't he beanty itself." \- For one supreme moment Eden felt in clined to lift the babe and hide his face In her bosom ont of toe woman's Bight, but toe forced herself to see how nnreaBcnable and even childish such conduct would be. She Bat there stolidly, instead of holding her veil down tike a mask." " Isoline 1" she had heard her husband speak toe name to chance Been the letter whose reception he tried ..^.ah .in very queenly/ thoroughly bred elegant in manners,.peerless in expression -that is, ex pression of a oertain kind. Isoline wbb also thoroughly charmed with the child, end the tittle aristocrat held his dainty head backaud finally censented to give one ot bis hands for toe lady to kiss. "Are yon going to London?" asked Iso line of Eden. " Oh, no 1" was the cold reply, "I am going to my old home in Streatford. I have never been in London in my life." " Isoline 1" cried Laura, all of a sudden, her cheeks growing a shade paler, " I have just thought whom that child resembles. I have been trying and trying to think, until goaded to desperation I gave it np. But, oht 1 eee it now. What a likeness I" " Well, who is it ?" 'Lprd Danniston 1" The effect upon the two women before whom that name waB pronounced, under such strange circumstances, waa widely different in each. Isoline Hashed a little and smiled, while a supreme content seemed to irradiate the whole lace. Eden grew cold, white, reti cent. She turned away from them all, and drew her chair back with a manner that seemed to say, " The interview is over, 1 de sire to say no more to yon, to have no more to do with you." Dalton end Dotty were having long walks together. With a motion of her hand ehe fcronobt Onjm to her eide. ••lraiwm win yon call tbe nurse?" toe asked, with qniet dignity. "My boy is sleepy." lio^uOed€ff«ttullf. ;7: I nerar was ao cat In my life*?" said yon eee bow e<M *1» waa, til "I "hoo^-^ttink I dia," Isoline retorted, with BomB aipeK^ «i always did think It * aw' TOWBung^upin tDidta tdnnoea t0/^!?8' Bla?6d«K«!ttiqaette! Hot® I defyate laws again maylfclw made to feel u supremely ridioulons as CHAPTEB XXV. f«i TgpuraTji antMW, t There was a email osbs of ibelvei in Dan melon's bedroom, hanging against the wall to the right of his bed. The room had a southern exposure, and looked out' npon softly "tinted hiils, hainlete, a chnroh Bpire, and a few well- cultivated farms. This vu the room he had elept-inwhensboy. The pap®, carpet, hangings, furniture w®8 all toned to a delicate shade of green—the toot faintest suggestion of that color, hot etiti green. The bookcase had been given him years ago, and he had onoe thonght it the most precious of all his possessions. On its topmost shelf sat the host of Boms divinity—he coold not have told whom^tinoe he only bought it on aeooont of a snppooed resemblance to his mother—and there it had always stadd. Hear hie bed's head was a pedestal of white marble, very high, and on which always stood flowers in their season. The stands were fitted with -early violets now. ffgne the r"™3* Mw- T«niHn that evening, from one end of the honseto the other. A. long time he lingered in the room with the "pink and bine 'anginga pleased with evmything, and praising the "Now it's a pity," soliloquised Mrs. Leg lie," as yon don't know what complexion's a going to be set to this room in blue. One of them yon say is a hroneok; but whe ther the other's a blonde, and salted lor the bine, who can tell? She may be black, and think herself a fright in Hub nnhflcoming shade. Now, a brnneek is ready for almost any other color but this shade of blue, my lord. Bat, there, well have to trust Provi d6&Q6;«" "Ton certainly win, Mrs. Leslie, for I know no more who Miss Isoline'a Mend is than the man in the moon. It's rather curions, too, she didn't tell me; but then, she knew that anyone belonging ton® wonld be welcome." " I rath® think, my lord, as Miss Isoline won't go back the way she come," eaid the housekeeper. "Not if I nan keep b® here. Mm. Leslie." "There's no manner of doubt about that. But what of the old saying!" " Oh, but she'e not a titled lady," said his lordship, smiling. "No, but you'll make her one," replied Mrs. Leslie. " True. Well, we moBt leave these pus sies alone. There may be quite a different meaning attached to it bom what we eaa read." " That's true, my lord, hot I thonght the steam® was in." "Tea, in LiverpooL To-morrow, sharp seven, 1 must mast send my carriage to the London terminus. They will be here to lunch." " Dear me, yon don't say," exclaimed lbs. Leslie, happy as a child, and clapping b® hands. "Tee. We most be quite resplendent, Mrs. Leslie." "And resplendent we ehall be tike the the starry heavens," was the fervent reply. " There's canned stuff enough sent np from London to stock -a fruiterer's stall with. Then we've had such splendid lock with oar fowls, oar jellies, our marmalade, that I don't begrnteh the stiff should® I've got in •*i. i .« ■—o< «vMn,-«emriig' £ there wouldn't be ladies," responded Donnieton. He went to his room early. The south room I have spoken of. He did not notice the book-shelf—he nev® did of late. The books stacked up there were childish trifles. The gas was lighted, and he turned It down more than he UBnally did. Bnt thai outride the splendor of the room thrilled the atmos phere of night, and sent pale electria gleams over the laodeoape and into the room, whose opaline color lighted into wonderful distinct ness and beanty und® its thrilling, silent pow®. Danniston went early to bed, leaving the light in the same position. He had become aocustomed to the pale spectre that haunted him. It did not appear outside, in bodily presence, but it walked within through the dim by-ways of his conscience, where the doore opened and ehnt noiselessly, and steps rev®berated under the arch® that should nev® more know the beauty of light, the whiteness of innocence. Ho was generally a sound sleep®, but about midnight he awoke as suddenly as if some imperious touch or tone had snmmoned him. In fact, he eaid " What?" and then cowered at the soand of his own voice. The light was not as dim as it had seemed a few honre before. He wondered what th time was, and reached ont his band to ntt his watch from its receptacle, when suddenly he p&aeed; in the act; his faculties seemed suspended. There ] Good heaven I what was that ov® the bookcase 1 The form of a woman lying down nndrn tight drapery, and lifting out toward bim that hand which he conld nev® banish from his mind. It was so terribly real that he saw h® eyes fixed upon him with a strange un quiet ; so real that he saw the lips move; so real that he felt that the hand was trem bling. Tne perspiration broke out thiek upon him, and he fell back on his pillow with a loud cry, shrinking and cowering like a frightened child. it was only a shadow gifted with a terribly real resemblance to the thing portrayed,even —-uai Wwx^^wttuuwgpuiBU ~ had the pow® to wrench from the man groans of agony, to make him utt® threats and imprecations against himself. It had the power to create in him an inferno far more fearful than all Dante's pictured tor ments. It was then that he trembled and wept, and vowed that he would ehnt the doors of Aldmboughs on himself, leave his house keep® to do the honors, and fly from all human associations. All this, too, when he bad convinced his consciousness that it was but a shadow; when the fece had lost that fixed look of agony; when the band had faded to a blotch upon the pap®, and the form to almost in distinctness. The horror of the impression did not leave bim all night, and he Brose in the morning weary and haggard, the illusion dispelled, bnt none the less heart etrlcken and Bhaken. As the snn roBe, however, gilding the clouded palaces, dispersing the mists that clang like grey spectres to the distant heights, kissing all things with its gold and crimson lipa,and leaving their impress thereon in the same royal colors, the vividneea of the hones Beemed to lessen. Mrs. Leslie's bright, cheery time was better even than the sun shine, as Bbe said; " Well, the best of good lack to your lord ship, and may Heaven proep® your woo ing." 