[ALL BIGHTS DESERVED.] THE COUNT'S MILLIONS. A ROMANCE: BY JUJJAN IIAWTIIOUNK, <-' Aß quickly as possible he removed the ¡ dead man's coat and waistcoat and ex- changed them for his own, putting the lat- ter upon the corpse. Then, drawing the lifeless arm into a suitable position, he passed the free handcuff round the wrist and sprung the lock. The body was now chained to that of the dead detective. « You must submit to be mistaken for a murderer, my good fellow,' he muttered. * You will never know it ; and, besides, I am innocent-if that is any consolation to you. So now- good-by.' Clambering out of the wreck, he stood upon the track beside the shattered train. He could vaguely see people moving about ox standing in groups. The noise of the escaping steam had ceased, but the groans of the wounded and dying passengers could still be heard intermittently. A figure approached him carrying a lantern. It was one of the brakemen. ' Aro you hur<t, sir ?' he said pausing. * Only a few bruises,' replied Keppel. . But I believe none of the others in our car were killed. And, by the way, there was one odd thing-' « What was that, sir?' * Why, there was a prisoner aboard-he was handcuffed te an officer-they were taking him to Sing Sing, I suppose.' * Why, that was the fellow that killed Harry Trent 1 What became of him P' ' I was sitting in the seat next him. He's lying there stone dead, and the de- tectives with him. His life imprisonment didn't last long.' * Bead, is he ?' said the brakesman. ' Well, if I was he, I'd rather be killed in a moment in a railway accident than live fifty years in a prison. Some said, though, that he never murdered Trent. But I guess he got his deserts.' 4 No doubt of it. Well, good-night. I shall walk on to Tarrytown.' * Good-night, sir.' Keppel stepped off up the track. He had no settled place of flight ; but so long as he did not meet anyone who kaew him he felt little or no apprehension. In the belief of the world, to-morrow morning he would be dead ; his obituary would be read in the papers by millions of people. Nevertheless it behoved him to keep out of sight, and, as soon as might be, to make whatever changes were possible in his personal ap- pearance. He would cut his hair-he might be able to bleach it, perhaps-he would let his beard grow. He must move out of the country, too ; if he could not contrive to get to Europe, so much the better. He must take another name, and look forward to a life under totally changed conditions. A new life ; a lonely life. Henceforth, all his old friends and ac- quaintances were his deadliest enemies. All but one 1 Olympia had said that she believed in him, that she loved him, and would marry none but him. Aye, but she, with the rest of the world, would now think of him as dead. Death obliterates all things, memory and love along with the rest. But what if he should, send her some secret message or sign, informing her of his safety ? He paused in his walk and reflected. No, it would not do. The mes- sage might miscarry. And, if not, of what avail to communicate with her ? She could not come to him. They could not get married, and go off together. To know that he was alive might give her happiness for a moment ; but in the long run, it could only make her miserable. Moreover, money would be indispensable, and where was it to come from? He might still piint pictures, it was true ; but it would not be safe to do so in this country, and as to Europe-. It was better to select some other profession. Yet, what profes- sion could bring the immediate returns that were necessarj' ? Robbery was the only one j and there were objections to that ? How was he to procure the means of buy- ing this next meal ? A sudden thought caused him to search the pockets of his coat and waistcoat- the garments which he had taken from the dead man. There were papers and letters, and in the . righthand pocket of the waistcoat there was a small »ll of bills-four or five bills in all. It was too dark to discern the de- nominations ; but there could not be less than five dollars. It was enough for the present j and, indeed, Keppel, who still liad some traditions of conscience left, was glad it was not more. Nobody could feel the loss of so small a sum ; and it was of disproportionate value to Keppel himself. Ile now left the track and turned off, to the eastward. ' The rain gradually cleared and the stars came out. Guiding himself by them, Keppel walked on and on, now clambering over steep acclivities, now plunging into hollows, now toiling over ploughed meadows, forcing his way through bits of woodland, stealing past farmhouses, where dogB barked and cocks crowed, but occasionally coming upon a stretch of road that went his way. Presently the short Jun« night wore away and dawn began to appear. Keppel halted and spent half an hour in removing the stains of mud from his clothing and making himself look as presentable as possible. His left arm pained him severely, but he thought himself lucky in having no bones broken. In one of his new pockets he found a penknife, and with this, as well as he could, he cut his hair short. In a couple of weeks his beard would have begun to grow and he would .e tolerably disguised. He now proceeded slowly, for he was very tired, and also sleepy and hungry. Ile had walked more than twenty miles. At length, as the sun rose, he saw, half a mile off, a Tailway-cutting, extending toward a small town. Thither he directed his steps, but lingered on the outskirts for an hour or two until the townspeople should be awake. Finally he heard a train coming, and managed to reach the station at the same time that the engine drew up at the platform. Then, as it steamed away again, he walked into the town as if just arrived from New York, and, seeing a plain but comfortable looking inn near at hand, he entered and asked for a room and some break- fast. While his eggs and coffee were being boiled he locked himself into his room to think over his situation. But the future was so vague that he was able to come to no conclusion. As soon as his money should be gone he could be at the mercy of cir- cumstances. He examined again the con- tents of his pockets. There were 8dol in money,, two or three letters addressed to Burton Fairfax, Esq., of Poughkeepsie ; a couple of receipted bills, and nothing else -except a cutting from a newspaper, headed, ' Some developments of the Trent Murder,' which Keppel proceeded to read with interest. Its date was apparently of thc day previous. 4 The will of the late Henry Trent was discovered yesterday in a package of docu- ments left by nim in a bureau-drawer at the Bellevue Hotel, in Philadelphia. He spent the night of February 22 last at this place, and seems to have forgotten to take the documents away with him. The will is dated February 20, 1870, and is very short, devising all his property, real and personal, to " my wife, Sarah Althea Trent." It is properly signed and at- tested. This will be of interest to those who ventured to express doubts as to the genuineness of the marriage announced in court last Tuesday by Mrs. Trent- until then known as Mrs. Sallie Match in. Mrs. Trent, at all events, appears to have «hared her opinion regarding its validity. The other documents in the package were not of an important character.' ' It will be noticed that no provision ia made in the will for Mrs. Raven and her daughter Olympia, who are understood to have been distantly related to.the de- ceased, and to have been receiving from him an annual stipend of some SOOOdol. This fact will probably occasion some com- ment, as it was intimated at the late, trial that Mr. Trent had proposed to make Miss Trent his wife. Possibly the desire that he should make such a proposal was fa th ei to the statement that he had done so. His will seems to show not only the baseless- ness of the assertion, but that, for some reason or other, Mr. Trent intended in future to let these two ladies take care oi themselves. It is to be hoped that the\ possess independent resources. 'In Mr. Trent's breast pocket at the tim« of his death was found a letter written ir cipher, the purport of which was not made out. It was not produced at the trial, af the prosecution was not of the opinioi that it could throw any light on the case It is now published, however in the hop« thai some cipher expert may be able tx elucidate it, and thus, perhaps, furnish ai explanation of some of the mysterious .ti cumstances that yet surround Mr. Trent's tragic end. The letter is as follow : * " Slmpi F. npi. C q gnl F. pil pink oghi mlhg npi. E. nikpi C, Klmh F, pion qolg C. qkin F, hqon qolg B qkng F. olmh qolg C mhgq omgk qlin B hkq F. hnpq ngmo mioq S lmpi. F. oilg qolg nlqg kgii kgli C luho. F, Mogl: C okiq phno S. lmni C. omgk. F hlnm F. mlgi 0 hqgi B. hiq S. pkol. C q knp ol'np F, hlkp hnio B. nlo. F. oim C ngil mkqn S. lmpi C ngil F, hqon misq F, qopg q. go C iko F. opi C. pghq mkqn B qglp C mkon F. ongl opkn C hqpm F. oinq E lnig F, hkom B imq C. ngoi. F. mpqn. kuli, oih hgo F. imqg E lipg F hnoi E mkpi F, hign ikmn." * The paper on which this curious effu- sion is written appears to be ot' French manufacture.' Such was the newspaper article, some passages of which moved Keppel pain- fully. Olympia, it seemed, would be re- duced to want just at the time when he was powerless to render her any assistance. The situation greatly perplexed him ; ii Harry Trent had told him with his own lips that he intended reserving Olympia for himself ; and he had given it out pub- licly that Mrs. and Miss Raven were tc live with him in his new house, yet he was married to Sally Matchin at that very time and five days before had executed a will cutting off Olympia withoul even the proverbial shilling. There wae something odd about this ; it demanded in- vestigation. The first thing to be dont was to find out the real murderer of Harrj Trent; the remainder of the mystery would probably resolve itself. But whc would find the murderer out ? Obviously no one would concern himself about th< matters unless Keppel himself did ; aru certainly he was in no position to ente: upon such a quest at present. Ile coult only promise himself that he would neve: forget the purpose to do so, nor rest unti it had been accomplished. As for the cipher, although Keppel wa¡ somewhat of an adept at cryptic writing he soon perceived .that here was a problen out of the common run. It did not re spond to the usual tests. Thus, o the seventeen different character (commas and periods included) tha composed it, there occurred si: times or less, seven from twelve t twenty-nine times, and seven from thirt to forty times. Plainly, therefore, the could not be signs answering to letters o the alphabet. Again, the cipher cor sisted of groups of four characters (neithe more nor less) and of single capitals. 0 the four character combinations-ovc sixty in all-only seven occurred mor than once in the course of the compositioi Of the separate capitals, F occurred twent} two times, C seventeen times, B six, S fi vi and E four times. All this was ver puzzling, and was to be elucidated, if Í all, only after prolonged study, of whic Keppel's brain, at that juncture, was fi from being capable. Meanwhile tl housemaid knocked at the door and sun moued him to breakfast. He replace the cipher in his pocket and went down. After eating heartily, he went back to h room and slept till the middle of the afte noon. Then, after dining, he took tl road again, and in the course of a coup of hours arrived at a town on the shores < Long Island Sound. On the wharf a coup of men were just preparing to put out in cat-boat. Keppel asked them whither th< were bound. 'To Port Jefferson,' one of them ai swered. . What will you ask for setting n across?' inquired Keppel. . How does a dollar strike you ?' . Done I' said Keppel, and he got < board. He had no idea why he was going Port Jefferson ; but he felt impelled to , somewhere, and thought he would ie more secure in the comparative wilderne of Long Iöland than in a large town. P( haps, he might get temporary employme with some farmer, or he might find a ca tain of a fishing smack to ship him for cruise. When he was a boy in New Er land he had lived near the seashore, a had learned how to sail a boat. The wind blew from the south-west, a the catboat started out on the starbot tack, headed nearlj' for her destinate In two hours the coast was close on boat they ran into the harbor, and Keppel, hi ing paid his dollar, jumped ashore. It \n then within an hour or so of sunset warm, quiet evening. He set out to wi at haphazard, and soon found himself f lowing a narrow track through, an appaN ently interminable growth of small pin* and oaks. Once in a while he passed a lonely farmhouse; but though he waa getting tired and hungry again, he could not make up his mind to ask for shelter. Night came on and found him Btill tramping onward, with woods on either hand. But as the darkness increased tho path seemed to fade away and become obliterated, and he was soon stumbling through thick underbush. The boughs and twigs whipped his face and the briars caught his feet. Staggering forward exhausted and impatient, he felt his feet sinking in a muddy ooze, and discovered that he was on the borders of a swamp. He turned to the right and began to skirt along its borders ; but again and again he narrowly escaped plunging neck and ears in the treacherous morass. Frogs croaked on all sides, and mosquitoes buzzed around his head. He lost all sense of direction, and thought only of putting one foot before the other. Often he fell, but scrambled up again and groped onward. Whichever way he turned the swamp seemed to lie in wait for him. He thought : ' It will swallow me up in the end ! And it was for this that I escaped from the railroad wreck 1' Just then he stumbled up a slope, and his feet trod on firmer ground. The bushes and trees thinned away. Looking up, he saw before him a black, rectangular mass ; he drew nearer ; it was a house. There was no light in the windows. It seemed ruinous and deserted. But it was a human hab- itation, and would suffice. He passed around the corner and found the door; it yielded to his hand. He entered ; and felt his way along the partition of the hallway to another door on the left. Pass- ing in he saw a gleam of light through a crevice in front of him. In another mo- ment he had crossed the floor and was standing on the threshold of ari inner room. There was a low bed against the oppo- site wall. At its head stood a table, on which was a lighted candle and some small bottles. The furniture of the room was wretched in the extreme, and the at- mosphere foul and stifling. On the bed was stretched the gaunt and ghastly figure of a man, who, as Keppel appeared, raised himself with difficulty on his left elbow, and with his right hand levelledarevolver at the intruder. The glare of his sunken eyes was appalling, and hie hand shook so that the pistol waved from side* to side. ' Halt 1 or I shoot you I' he said, with a strong foreign accent. « Don't shoot!' cried Keppel, lifting his hand. 41 mean you no harm. ' I'm faint- ing from fatigue and hunger. I must eal and sleep.' The man lowered his weapon. ' Ah ! il is no ghost, then ?' he muttered, in French, and sank back on his pillow. Keppel approached and looked down on him. He seemed all skin and bone; hit hair grew disorderly on his head, and th< lower part of his face was covered with Í three weeks' stubble of red beard. Hil skin was dark yellow, his lips black an< parched, Keppel had never seen the yellov fever, but he perceived that the man wai dying. He had arrived at this desertec spot in time to behold the curse of Maurie Solange fulfilled upon the thief who ha< betrayed him. Keppel Darke, finding that the red haired man was a Frenchman, spoke to hil in that language, with which he had, tolerable familiarity. Dupont, indeed, ha< lived in London, and knew enough Englis. to make himself understood. But in hi present desperate condition his thought inevitably expressed, themselves in hi mother tongue ; and much of the time h was probably not aware of what he wa saying. He had been ill four days, th seeds of the fever contracted on board th ship having broken out two or three weet later. Delirium occasionally overcam him, and he would mutter things that h fancied he was keeping locked in h] heart. 'Are you alone here?' asked Keppa . Have you no physician ?' » No, no,' replied the other. ' I sha soon be well. I heed no one. Who sei you here ?' » Who are you ? I am only a poor mai Have you seen Maurice? Baht he isdeai You can't deceive me. I have done him i harm. I buried him-the captain and He cannot come back.' ' What ia your disease f' Keppel asked (.TO BS CONTINU»». 