THE HOUSE OF RIIM MON. A STORY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSIIIRE. Br JEAN'IE GWYNNE BETT.TNY, Author of " Amr Sa?cus's Two Loacar,," ro. CHAPTER XII. ;CosnNrorm . Boar atterhour the crowd watched, refusing ?etir. IRimmon and Ilackbithad been awar for some time, and had returced again. About t teo'elock smoke was still issuing from the mooth of the pit, and the clsmour for relatives wu still going on. Munlock with his con. pwiousconinued in consultation. It was Iackbit who addressed him this time. "Do von think an effort can h rmade nowP" he utaed in a voics quite sober. "' I shall go down with the first cage."r A cry of "brave man" was heard in a waman's troie, clar and silvery. It sounded like a masil hbell amid all that tumult iLack. rit's eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd end rested on the white face of Keriab, who was holding an infant in her.arms. It weas trin then; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Rimmon was looking for the owner of the voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, or she had hidden herself immediately. Hack bit's c:ick eye had followed her, however, and be dashed after her at once. "Oh, cnsin," he eclaimed,in areproachfl tone, "why lave you made us all so mistr ableF" The girl hung he head. "'I only went to hide ma own munerr," she said gently. "I didn't think anybody cared " "I care very much," responded Hackhit. "Believe me, cousin; I feel more for you than wordsean express. I will doanything, suffer anything, to bring back hsppineru to you ;" and the hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovely eyes, that had grown so pathetiesinc he last beheld them, and looked larger and darker ° for the dark circle that now surrounded them. How pinched her ltttle face hod grown! Even t Eacklit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. "Whose baby have you got '" he asked. "It belongs to thatpoor woman down there," t replied Kizzy, indiceting with her finger. "She fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and I nobody offered to pick it up. It would hare been trampled to death." 'lIs there nobody the child can be giren up c tor' asked Hackbit, "Idon't know." "Peraps the mother will come to," aug- 5 gsted Hackhit Mr. Rimmon was seeking his nephew in the crowd, and at last perceived him, and with a 1 mortified shock, for mortified it was, he recog. nised his daughter, and went up to her. She was safe then; and what a scandal it all was, her diappearance, and her turning up like r this, more like a ghost than a living girl! Stll, t there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as se said, "Kilrt, my child !" And truly be was lrmined enough when he saw the change that had come orer her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed I and meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. "CCome home with thy father, child," said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, thkuh never thinking of unde:eiving his tenr. "Letus look for the child's mother," said Backbit, and the three moved with difficulty I towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely set round one object of interest. It was theigure of a young girl, who could sarcely be twenty from her look. One of the ume rons doctors upon the spot were examining her as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon re marked that her trouble was over, at any rate; she was dead. "Has this poor girl no relatives-no one who would take charge of the babyl" aesed Mr. Rimmon of the bystanders. "' he has neither kith nor kin, neither has her poor master, who lire burnt to a cinder, worse lek, at the bottom of the mine." "Come home with me. Kiury," said Mr. Bimmon again. "I will try and be kind to you;" ad he made no objection to her carrying the baby with her. As they passed through Jumley town, the numerous loa public-house blazed out upon the darkness, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their grief; vile traps, catching the miserrnle, and heaping anguish upon them under the guise of omfort, The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with an unhatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park. to be traversed arters wards, douhly dark, IIackbit, at all times disliking the plac, disliked it ncs?talitely to night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pit.. This did not prevent his offering to carry the baby, but Kinry would not give it up. It wasasloep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tone, "Above all, cross her in nothing." Unnecessary advice, how ever, for Mr. Iimmon was not disposed to cmos her. At the end of the Old Park Iackbit left his uncle ard cousin, and retraced his eteps. lie was soon again in the place of his atiroathy, and carefully noted each step he took. lIe had got about half-way across, when a rumblinr sound, followed by a crub, startled him. It was one of the threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As Hackbit passed through the town, he was ?uch tempted to enter one of the publichouses, bat he resisted the temptaFion. " ing it all." he thought; "let me go into the jaws of death sober." When he reched the pit's moth a cage was waiting to be lowered. " Wait fr me," he eried. Murdock wasinthe cane. "Don' t you go, for God's sake," Hackbit saud. "You are needed to right the wrongs." There is nothing extrauriC nary in. this bravery eo the part of lackbit ,No Blck Country oon is a coward, All are alike ready in thaf emergadcies. Thtre is never a cry fo: rcun test. There wasa lull in the crowd as the rage was lowered and those few bnrave men descended to rescue some few, if possible, of the hundreds shnt up inthat flor pronun. A wbite-hokared young gentleman of some three and twentyr years, with a very wade rcmmed clerical hat, veltured to nmake a remark to some women in his neighbourhood. altaut submitting theeO to the will of Provideis. "Shut thy - mouth," cried or.eof the wose , "or we'll ch?uck thee down th' pit." They looked so much like carrying oat the threat that the curtat mooved away f as he could with any dignity. Soe?e jeers were thrown after him, and one. of the women slid, "It's always the same gate. We mun be patient, when wages is so low as we haiseener 0r0 tooat. If or children die of th'?rever. cronr lads i' fth' erfplosion, it's thle visitation of *Pubiidby ne ci utmmrawnit rinh se . ra0n God. Oh, it's the'p d s o' pa?rns is thet .-.st plague the oever .sent os-con These words fell on the ear of an elderly I clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to be of use to somsebody and he sid ttbee wtan a who ad apoken, very gently, and with much bittemcns- "We clergy are greatblunderers, 1 fear; but believe me, we would do better if we knw how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night." "Ah! if all ti' parsons was like you, we wouldner curse them," replied the woman. Ther se emer to be something happening at the pit's mouth now. Thecrowd movoed as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The signal had been giren to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion and the rope flew over the pulley. "Stand bact." cried the police. The mouth of thepit wa filled by an objectrising. It was I the cage. The torches revealed lIackbit and a noller, each with a black borlen in his arms. 1 The rharred masses ther carried were human beihos. llankets were hi;d by the four corners, in re ,liuess, and the poor wretches were placed inthem and carried to the wag ore. The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, I it surged so powerfully towards the bodies, in order, if p;'seiile, to recognise them; but they were unrecognisable. "The fire's still burni"g in the north cut ting," said Hakbit. "We daren't go near there." The signal was given to lower, and down went these brare men again. Alter the fourth descent they were so elhas:.ted that new volunteers came forward. In the course of the night, ontme thirty bodie., six of which were just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. CHIAPER XIII,-AT Ioxx Aonr. In the meantime, Kizzy and her father and the litle orphan baby had reached the dismal house. The door was opened by Mrs. Rimmon herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her haughter. She woke the baby, and it began to wail pitconsly. Mrs. Rimmon was not at all surprised to see the babs. She was accustomed to her dsughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and strays. t was iy she was surprised tose V',hen Kizzy had been placed in her father's chair, she ema.ed faintly, and asked that the baby night be led. Mrs. Rimmon busied her celt in taking off her daughter's shoes and stockings; they were soaking wet. She then proceeded to put the little white feet into a hot bath, and Sarah, Haring fed the baby and placed it in an imprrisel bhassinette, brought some tea for her young mistressin an inerredily short time. Kiry triedto raise her head from the chair, but be conld not: so Sarah raisod her and gave her the tea. A kind of log gathered on the ginr's mind, and she seemed to be in a diterent place, with ditfereut people; vet the 1 fria qetir reeurred to the baby. sa> asked pitecus!y that it might be looked after. "It's fast asleep like a little angel," said Sirah, "in a clothes basket by the kitchen 1 tire." Kiley closeed her eyes on bearing this, and rtmaineed white and motionless. "Don't yoa think we had better send for the doctor 1" ruggested Mrs. ltimmon in a frIihtened whisper. "We could get no doctor if we ?ent," reie her husband. "You know ther all bus at thepit. Hadn't I better carry er up tobedP'1 While they were debating this question there ! was a round of wheels. They stopped opposit the house, and ther was a ring at the door. Sarah hurried to it, in no good humour; she I was afrail the ubby ight wake. Standing before her at the door, whom should she see but Mr. Saltring, with a red mufaer athis nect, rivalling bs red whiskersn, and behind him crept Juhst. "' God bel at alive, grl." said Mr. Salt-iogto Sarah, whostood still, not offerin to ask him in, " yu are Sarah, aren't you You ladrtaed your letter all wrong, and it has only come to no to-night." "Oh, come in, sir," said Sarah, who had now recoered hearelt " Ohe's come hack to night, sir, and she looks awful." Mr. Sltoing premented himself without cersmny before Me. Rimmon, whose breath was nealy taken away by the sudden appear. anc. These gentlemen had neverr et before, though they knew each other by reputation. "We've posted all the way," said Mr. Saltring; "we only heard to-night of your misfortune." " It was -er good of you," responded Mr. .inmmon, coldly. "You see," said Mr. Salt=ing, a little quenched by this frigidity, "the poor boy couldn't rest, sal brought him." Jubal had kept carfuly in the shadow of Mr. Saltring all ths time, but at three wordshe ventured to make himself visible. Heirstantly caught siht of the deatly face of his sister, and cried, "Oh, Mr. Saltring, do look at Kinay." Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the doer, which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him. "Good heart alive, man," he exclairmed. addressing Mr.Rimmon. "Lord have mercy on us all for a pack of fools !" While Mr. Rimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this remark, Mr. Saltring had unbuttoned his ponderous over. coat and taken out a fask of brandy, and was aptlving it to Ke iah's lips. " On my soal. I never saw stsh a lovely creature in my life," be exclaimed. "My daugter's a teetotaller," gasped Mr. r.immon. " Rlubbiahb !"'' said Mr. Saltring, continuing to give the brandy. The girl's eyes opened, and Mr. Saltring said, in a coaxing tone. "There, there: that's better, pretty dear." Hex velvet eyes fas?ened onhim for a moment, and a faint smile flicker? on her face and went cut. fr. Saltring was thinking, " How is it poesiblesuch a girl can ever have been born in 3umley i'" Jubl was standing near quite boldly now. He did not feel ao much adrid when Mr. alt ring was in the house. Kizry moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up from his kneeling position, poshed the table out of the way, and hoisted the great sofa toward the ire. Mr. inmmcn's face was otony as he watched these proceedings. i"No, we had some pillows ancdblan ket.," ggeoSted Mcr. Saltriing to Mrs. Rimmon: and whi:le asre went to fetch them he emptied the coal-box on the fire. Kizzy was siedily made comforable on the sofra. Itmnnst have been neary!v o'clock in the morning; but this was not the only houvehold up in Jurley. No one went to bed in explosion imes, even of those not concerned: and, ass proof of this, the door next opened to admit the head of Miss Dorcas Rimmon, who, having heard that Kizy had been found, had come up to verity the fact 'Oh i" he oberved, in a spiteful tone, "I dida't know there was comrany;" and she sas sbout to tounce back again, when Mr. Saitring nsaid "M3y name is Ssamuel Saltrin; you mray have heard of me. You must be a linamon, from the family liktness." "Ye, Inc Miss Rimmon," that lady re knowleded: and she looked over the back of the sofa. "So she's come back is she, the un grateful little wretch." Mr. Iimnon touched his sider gently with his fott, to warn her tobe silent. "No. Joshu. I won't le quiet," raid Miss Dlorcs, detantly. "You're no need to kick me. I shall say what I like."' "Then I would say it in a quieter tone, if I werceou, considering sllthings," put in Mr. " It's nothing to do with you," rejoined Mice Dorcu,naurowag hter eyes as she looked at him. I'll give you a bit of advice," retorted the bluffl wome-nrchant: " If ytou'd keep better tem ured you'd be better looking." , netr rnemeberyou are not in your own hoae," hr. Rimmon remarked to lr. Salt. ring. Now, tokhere," sid the honest fellow, ki ndlince shining in his f-o-, "you don't wont tonbe tell I mean wes'l. Let ns is agreeab!e. Think of the dear child lying there." Mi~s DOrms toesed her head. "You will let me stay and he!p you nurse her tonight," said Mr. Saltrin g to Mrs. ]timmen. "I know a lot about nuraug Eick folk." The next to appear oin the scene was Thomas Ilacklbit, who had by this time refreshbed him self at one of the low inns still cp0, lie tried hard to look sober, but hL hsead nodded in a ghastlr manner, and he hiccuped between everr word le tried to speak. lIe at once re~gnrl Saltring asa friend, though he had nevetr set eyes on him befrre. ,Glad to see you, old chap," he said. "Get awry out of the house, you dirnsting brute," excaiimed Miss Doress, as Haekbit, s.iiling innely, adrynced toward Mr. Salt. n sTke s nontish of her," remarked lackbit nilntnialy in S alto' s sar.. ,,Sbe'sh cat. Dencedle ogly, isn't she. Oh, .trd, she's r nmillinereh drenchnbhersh. Mr, limmau tried to explain that Mr. Rack. bit was a lite onsteady, owing to his haing been down a cal -minrascare.o buring men. "LHea' been somewhere Plse since, 1 should think," observed MU. taltring, smiling in spite ofhimslt" At the sound of Mr.Rimmon's rnoe Rackhit began agin. Lte ' ano 0l fool, to. IHe drove la'eoiah away, forged letters, made her b'liieo-" "For God's take. hushl" burst forth Mr. Rimmon, "Now he 'h shwearing," said ackllit, smiling benigly.. "I?e' h gol.! man, ho ijhb prayer.meetingsh. Lible-clasohel. Hie getah drunk and shplits things, he doesh." Daras here gave hio a friendly poke. "\Vhatarevou doing:," he began. turning on her. " You've left your 'preotish out waiting for you. I metsh her. I ki'hed her." This was too much for Miss Dorc?s, who ex. plained that she had brought Miss Timmins up with her for company, and lad not thought it worth while tp ask her in, as she was only come for a minuts. "Leave her there b:th longer," said Huck bit, cocking his hat on the luck of his head. " You go home yourshelf. Nobody wantshkish you." Mr. lIackbit rext announced his introtion of spending the remainder of the night at his uncle's, and had of necessity to bo aeconmao duted. But none of those episodes disturbrd Kiuty, who was in a sound sleep. The slow winter morning broke, and stole feebly over the obje:ts in the room where Iizzy lay, the decep silky fringes of her eyes resting en the pallid cheeks, The wenary mother had fallen asleep, too; and Mr. Saltring sat near the rcuch, with his head drooping on his cheat till his bald head, rather than his face, looked towards KiLr; but he was not asleep, When at last Sarah made her appearance, izzy opened her eyes with a frightenl ook, and ghed deeply. Mr. altring was beside her in a momet, "Come, we are better," he said cheerfully. "Four hrurs sleep at a stretch Now, Sarah, my le,, an egg beaten up in milk, please," He gave it to the girl with all the gentleness of a woman, and all the tact, and was rewarded br a pathetic smile. This over. he asked Sara if he might have a wash, She looked some what uneasy. "Well sir," she said, " Mr. Hackbit have got the spare roam. and Master Juba, he wouldn't sleep with his father, and Miss Doras wouldn't go home, neither, after what Mr. Ilsckbit said, and she and Miss imtrmins are in Miss Kioay's room--" "Oh, all right,' said Mr. Ssltring, "1'll go into Jubal's room." But when be tried the door he found it locked, and after knocking several times and receiving no answer, he con cluded that he would go to the room Iackbit occupied, and not disturbthe poorlad. "I needn't wake Mr. Hackbit," he said. The door proved not to be locked: and, softly entering, he beheld Iackbit in a profound sloee,, with his arm thrown over the backof his hesn Be had evidently felt cold, for he had taken down the bed-curtains and put them across the bed; also, the hearth-rug. Mr. Saltring could scarcely help laughing. Hackbit's own gar. meats-that i, some of them-lay on the floor, close to the door His boot, however, could be seen nowhere at first, On looking more closely, they were dicovered poking out at the foot of the lied, on the owner's feet. Mr. SaltrIg poured out some water very quietly, but he disturbed the sleeper neverthbe less, and a faint voice from the bed said, " What's thart" Mr. Sltring made an apology for his in trosion. "Don't mention it," said Backbit, holding his head tightly ettreen his hands; "butl haven't the pleasure of knowing you, have I i' "No,"replied Mr. Saltri ; and he then ex plained himselt. "I'm afraid I must re been drunk last night," said lhckbit. "She didn't see me, did the?-KfiL.y, I mean." "She was too ill." "Thank Heaven for that, at any rate. rm a fool to drink. Nobody knows it better than I do. I should leave it c'f if I'd a wife anod a ccmfortable home." "My dear air," rejoined Mr. Saltring im pressively, "a man should conquer his faults before marriage, and not subject a ood woman to the chance of his experiment failing afterwards." "Yes, you are right. But it's ver hard to gte p one's caly comfort, and nothung ta re. "Don't be in Londage. Make up your mind never to taste another drop." And now, hav ing completed his toilet, Mr. Saltrin hastened down to his patient Mr. Iiimmon had come down by this time. Kizzy was looking round for Mr. Saltring had gladdened at his approach. "She's looking better, isn't she?" he observed to Mr. Rimmon. " A change of air would be the very thing for her. Let me take hr to Langton with me to. day, and we will return her to you in perfect bealth, God permitting." Mr. Ilimmon found it desirable h accept this offer for many reasons, e was very glad when he discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jabal to go bactrk with hi, too. As fr Kiry herself, her apathy was too great for her to ex. ress a choice at alL They might do what they Iked with her, she said, so long asthe baby was looked after: "The baby shall go too," said Mr. Saltring. "There are nurses enough at our house, I guess: and if anybody lays claim to it, they can easily have it." When they had all started in the phaeton, Sarah wrote and informed Mrs. Beredith of what had ocurred. She could not ear where Kis?v had been, however, darinr her ibsence, as se had preserved a strict sidence on that point. and Mr. Saltring would not have her questioned. CHIAP7E XIl'.-Msr lHtane 's. Maud Harwyn, though a young lady of con siderable persoralattractions, and therefore es pecially exposed to criticism, inhabited a house on her own reponsibility at Bowdon, near Man chester. She was an orphan, and lived with only two female servants, except when her brother Gerald was at home from Birmingham. Many of hEr friends thought this highly im Froper; but it was eoe of Maud's charateriatics not to bow to Mrs. rauedy. Her schoolmaster brother dil not disapprove of her, however; and her father must have trusted her, for he placed her under no guardian, though he left her a large fortune. The reader as already seen th at Lawyer Lyton and his wife were strong adherents of Mss tarwyn. They had, never. theless, urged upon her the desirability of engaging an elderly companion to live with her; but she was not open to reason. .Aout a week after the eventorecorded in the last chapter she was sealed Eipymg her tea, in aperfect bwer ofa sittingroom, quite alone, with an air oef cmplacency and thorough inde. Ipendence that men would scarely give solitary women credit for. She waa s lookin caresiu gly ntn her pretty feet, placed upon the fender. SThey were ased in shppers of the gayemt and daintiest. She made na secret of the foet that Sit was of grave impertance to her to be well dereed. She wished to be beautiful, sod she I thought it was for herself alone that she Swished it. l: Her house, p!lanned by herself, was like no other. One could not see it witho:ut thoughts oflharony, nndsnushine, and warm summer dapys. The girl was an artat, though a certain indolence bornof weath had kept her talent in the dark. Her house, as much as the plcarcs Sin her studio, spoke of this. ler studio oeentd finto the diningro?: on oee ride and the draw. ingroom on the other. The studio was also a u msir- ruoom, and, in addition to a piano, con tained a harp, a violin, and a guitar. On two Sor three easels stood unfinished canvases. The room it.ell was panelles, and every panel con tained a painting, Maud's own wortk. Near a i loweachu was a c~iriular bookase on wheels, of herwni deisgning. By the eaieot molion it would turn round when she w0-hse to cehage Sa volume. t This was esentilly a sgay room, but, as a contrst, her diningroom was grim and sombre. SShe had travelled all over Europe in search of r weird pictures for this room; and every even. ing when she dined alone there she had the Sapartment lit by wrs candles enough to have illuminated abnllroom. While she was drinking her tea on the after. noon referred to, Mld's hoousemaid brought to Sher a r?meage from tle next vid'a, The Chest. nute. ties IHarwta was begged to come in there, as an old lady was seriously ill, ad the gentleman did not like to leave her without asomebody besides his servants, while he rode to Manchester to fetch a docter. Maud went without a moment's heltatuion, and a neat servant showed her to the old Ildy's troom. The houom was smaller than Maud's. .ad differel from it in every way, and it had I sn old.foshirnel r, and sa certain stifliess and dulnesa aboutit. The bedrocrasho was shown into was hot anI r:ether etliing. Maud at Soace glanced twurds the four-poet bedstead t with ~ts white h?angingg. Rllolg restlssly upon the pillow lay an aged head. Mbaud said to the servant, "tnaven't you \- anothr spare room with a bed without hang. iags in itf" "No; there were hangings just like this in all the rooms. t Maud placei a screen Lteside the bed, and ,aenvd a windo, and the fresh air revived the old lady a little. and she sid feebly: I don't think th-is is the housa." "Oh, yes, it is," -aid Maud gently; "pou ar all right" "I knew I should come to it," was the old Iladny'srtPy. "Why, of core," said Maud, nt iit, the r Icalt radeostarodi. he The old lady lancej towards the foot of the be , and oberaing a taro fire, said in alarm, th "Take some of the coal off, say dear; your he father will be so angry." Io Maud now became certain that the old lady la was wandering, and determined to pacify her t" to the utmost, so actually removed a little tf P the coal, and the old laily rambled on : "Jubl's a big boy. He'll disagree with his R flther soon.'.' ao " Iow odd !" thought Maud. "I really believed there was but one Julal in the world, and now here's another:" and her mind went back to Lancton, and to her brother's pupil who was visiting at the Sltins'. She began to bathe the old lady's head with esu de Cologne, which shehahd thoughtfully put into n herpocket. Theoldlady went toaleepnadar K the influence of this, and Mand sat down to T wait for the unknown master of the house to reliee her vigil. Sho knew him by eight, but was unaiclUaited with his name. L It was late before he returned. On entering the tbedroom he gravely hold oat his hand to to his neighbour, and bcjan to thank her for her I great kmdnes.. SOh, don'tthank me, I have done nothing,' w she said, with a frank smil. Then she added, I " But I don't know your name." I " My name is David Rimmon." "Then, Mr. Rimmon,can be of any farther a use to you '? "I have troubled you too much already," I said David. "The room is scented like a bower; I cm sure that is your doing. But, if I might ask you one thing more, would yr wait till the doctor has seen mother? You would understand his directions better than I could, and explain them to my housekeeper." P " But would she like my mterfering " said * Mud with some hesitation. "Well," replied David nervounly, " she's rather dea, and has a way of pretending to ear wehen e doesn't, to hide it. AndIthink c you would maka her understand." iand connted at once, and David went t down stain to brine up the doctor. That x Fentleman meanwhilehad been growing very mpatient. He had examined minutely every ( Spnutin the room, and had fallen out with the 01 roaes on the wallpaper, had at down on each chair in rNccesion to try their relativecomlort, U and had finally stationed himself with his back b to the fire, hi eye fixed on the staircase, visible P through the open door, his ear turned slightly g upards, to catch any sound from above Mr. rimmon had kept him longer than he had in- 3 tended, having been very slow in the delivery of his remars to Maud; and after leaving her. he had stood several moments on the dark anding, meditating. The doctor did not meet him cordially. IHe had not even been apeased by a glass of wine. This had been entiely an oversight on Mr. Rimmon's put, bat the doctor feltit neverthe lea. lie could only show it in ono way. It a was by incrra'ed gravity and severity of d-. meanaur. lHe alo waited for Mr. Riamon to begin, which was always difficult for David. The two looked at each other in silence for some sornds, when the do:tor, in his imn. paticnce, by the sdden raising of his boot, I Ikocked the ftre-irons down, causin a great noise. He turned very re- at the accdent, and I solemnly replaed the Ere-irons: then, 1( thoroughly out of temper, faced Mr. Rimmon, r and observed frigidly " I can't concoive why people put fre-irons I on those eminenes. Everybody is certain to knock them down." P Mr. Rimnon meekly replied that they were awkward, anj asked he doctor in a mot coan I diliatory tone if he would mind stepping up 0 stairs. I "Miod" rejoined the docor irritably. "It's t my uaineCS,I suppo se." )Mr. rEic? on led the way, wondering what couldbethe aue ofthedo-tor' snappishnes. 1 We are not oing to represent Mrs. Rimmoa e as an interesting patient, nor that she ex. cited strong sympathy in Maud larwyn. This world's sferers are frquently unLitercting to a straner; their aspect is olten forbidding; and though their condition is compwionated, they can fnd rvm~thy for themselves, alas too often, only with Iod. Misarwyn's visit to David Rimmnon wua by no means herlest; for a the days wore on, t became a constat thing for the neighbonrs to see her etering his house; and Maud was not better thought of in couseuene. It was another strange prou ling of this ery strange yoangl dy; and to be strange isquitreason enough for a girl's being placed outside the charmed circle of good and discreet sodety. Some writer has sd that one ca onlbe Sstrange by being wi and good;"and Mn HiraXwyan's Ceghbourt, to whom &be; wa ii ing, certainly did not think er strange, anle in thissena. Mrs. Iimmon had recovered remarkably under her ministration, and had learned to listen impatl for her l isitr's fcotrtep She Swas soon i to sit p, and her chair wa placed near window. mn view of the large garden, where, winter thoagh it was, an a:r of cheerllness reigned. It was a particululy i g od year for holly berries, and the old lady's eyes were gladdened by the sight of them, and by the congregations of robins and sparrows fea'ting unmolested. Sometimes Mrs SRismmon would sit ilent for a long time Stogether, looking out of this window; but if Maud ofered to go, she would become . querlous at once. One afternoon they were sitting togther thus, when Mrs. Ri nmon suddnuly began Scomparing her pr~ent outlok with the t Old ark at Jumley; and thocgh her account r ws such thit Mal andIertood very ittle of it, the nevertheless listened patiently. Thua tncouraged, this desolate creature opened her heart more and more; but Maud had a way of inviting confidence. Even David had began to talk freely with her. He had gne so far as to tell her omiethiag of his niece and her sad Etorr, omitting mention of his brother, however, for Son thispoint he was very seantive. As boa, his elder brother had been upright in all his Sdaling,. eerealwar, et nt more so with thers than with hiascll; and David hid grown up with a reverence for this brother, whom he felt to be beycnd the comprehesion of his feebler bnin. And row that deep down e and hidden away in li heart this idol lay broken, the fact was as far out of his con sciousneo a he could put it. It is to be questioned whether be had even thought this in words. Some lingering, vague comfort he stored up, as do thlouande of other hearts in like trouble-the vague and lingering hope that there might bs some mistake, some extenuating circumsItance not broughtto fight. And why deny these heart their feeble and lad solae Did hadnorseen aucd for more than afew minutes at a time, except on Saturday after noons, when he returned early from business; yet these fleeting moments had in a short week Srown inexressibly dear to him. Maud, perceivioc that he rsred to talk to her, umoture his fancy, and gave him opportni-. ties of seeing her, and brightened her own life by this kindnes to another. If she could hare foreseen the future, how she would have withheld this lweet cup from his lips! CzKiy's story had been releted to her in frag ment. and at several diereont times; and SMiss lirwyn, enthuiastie and compassionate, Sha told David that when his mother should be well enooch to spare her. she wolnd go to her friends at L-ngton for a day cr two end cades. your to rmake Ki ay'es aurlintance. ter further intention was to bring the yonng lady to Bowden to stay with her, if they get on well together. h abeout a meonth from the time of KiLry'a roing to the Saltrings' Maud set out for , Lngton. and her heart was singing, for she thought here was a jetifiable opportunity of t nce more meeting Tom Towers. She was also in high spirits at the prospelt of finding a cirl friend, a luxury all her money had not bought her. When the evening of the day of Maud's de i parture had come, and her bright face had neverencr penetrated theoll.fashioned parlour of her neirhbour'i house, the heart of David SRimmon feUll within him. The light of ha life seemed to have died, and his spirit s.ow always, was for once startled into a virid life, and into the arcnowledgtme:t that this fair Scrature was mare to him than anything else in the world. Although this truth had penetrated his consciusnss, it still slggeteot no tense quenrte. Jr wao a single absorbiag thought of adoration, unmingled with desire. CHAPTER XV.-A SIft.as Pororit. 5 Kizzy spredily became quite at home in her e. wncurroundinge, end though atrifl pale, she d lookel much like her oll self. There was one d strikinr diltereuce, however; she neverrlaughed n row. The S.ltringi, not having hkown her it until her trouble had come upon her, did not d notice this. Ilerrorrowhad stmeddtohsighten y her beauty and etherealise it There was only one person in this establishment who did not a yield willing devotion to this queen of beauty ; and of sweet manners. That was Laura. This yourg lady gave KiZZy many aa nnhappy n moment wh.n no one else was by, and Ki.oy accepted all this with a certain gentleness and j forbearance which had been fore:gn to her e before this trial. The Towers had b'en nnremitting in th ir a'.ttolions; and bad had grare tears for tht a poor girl at firat, and had seen her steady is. provement with some s?rpae. *. She never d ipoke of her trcsblc, and no one rdferred t it, Inlta itmightbe Lart. jirrchad madl a nolve that, though she had beer bitterly * selarpted from key {trs, it aboald rot wreck let her fe. Although her sweet dream had been thus harshly dispelled, there still remained to wi her the happy past, and the power of praying ut forhim, and aboveall there roseupfor heronso- col lationthe thought that in another world they ,l; might meet again, his crime washed awny. The re, poor girl literally lived in this thought. be lier father hiad been to Langton to see her, reo and ehe had treated him with much gentle affection. If her heart made cocase for one li man who had sinned, ought it not also do the ill, same for her father? me One other trouble had como.upon Keiobsh. do Mrs. Beredith was angry with her. She re. on proached her for not making her hooe her home in her aftliction. But this was not so much the cause of her anger. It was that ba Keziah evidently believed no Rnpert's guilt. This lady, who could have staked her life ona we Klizy' fidelity, now found her resigned to a sparation, and resolred to return no more to so Leamnigton. Alas, poorKizz!y Noonelnew fa what a proof she had in her possession of her wn lover's guilt. Whether hbe got offt or not, the an fact remained the same. sa Kizzy was thik'ing orer all this one morning to with a great deal of misgiinng, when MYss cS Ha rwnwas announced. Mrs. Salting tnglys urgeduy to see her, as Miss Haryn had T expresed nch an earnest desire to make her yc acutnceg. was upsairs, in a sitting room devoted to her in her illness, and was engaged upon I[ smen work for Mlrs. a. Sa ng. As rs. Sltng I held the door open for Mise larwyn to pass in, Kitry mentally contrasted the two--M, lil Saltring, round, plump, and small, with house to and baby stamped upon her face, though in a m pleasing way; Miss harwyn, tall and majestie, to with ah air of freedom in her whole attitude ni which seemed to belong to some wild bird a sojourning a moment among men, with the consciousness that presently the grand wings fo can carry him far away to his native haunts. re Kizzy did not thlnk this in so many words, but the words describe the impression made on her e mind. y The two girls shook hands frankly, and Mind q seated herself near Keiah; and Mrs. Saltring, on the plea of some household duty, went away. y She had more than once found .lias HrIwyn too much for her. When the door had closed d, behind her, Maud, as if attracted by a magnet, paused her arm round Kizy's slender waist, and w gently kissed her, saying with a rich sitle "Whom do you think I saw a few days ai ago ?" I can have no idea," recrondel Keziah nu wearily. "It was your undc David and your grand. yi monma." " Where did you see them?" "In their own house, They are my neigh. bonrs." "Oh, do tell me about them," said Kizzy, a rich Clow passng over her features. "What a complexion !" thought Mand. "Who erercould pantit ?" Then and in the prettiest oecdrable way explained bow they g had become acquainted, and spoke nothing of ! her own kindness, but very much in raise of il David', kindheartedness. "And do you know," si said Maud," when your unclet lkedaboutyou, it I tooght to myself 'here is another girl as lonely as I am. Why should'nt we be to- P gethert"' a' "But you don't know anything about me," K yi', replied, shaking her head doubtfuily. 1 "Well," said Maund, "people call me im, ft pulire. I never give ideas time to develop. I P art on them straight away; andif ever I regret, 0 I just bear the thing alone, and don't trouale other people with my regrets. I have a great s1 longing to have you with me, partly besouse I a think you art very little like me; and, forgive a me for saying it-you may believe me, because t I am a woman speaking toa woman-you are so beautiful, you would ie a con:iual feast to my ' enS." 6 The rich colour ocntel to Kiz.y'e pale e cheek again at this frank corpl!iment, and then the tears gautered in her eyes, and she said k despairingly : '"Thait seems to te of no econsuoen'rce to me now." Maud was ineritely tnuched, and she kissed away the tears in a sweet, frank way all her own. "I won't take n. You must come and I live with me," she said. "I fell in love with I you by heasnay frst, but the sight of yon-well, I wonder you're not been carried sd like the guls in romaneas." S"Dear Mioslsrayn,"Kizzy began,"it'every good of you; but I oughtto tell you how I am placed. I did not get on very well with father d at home, and I got myself a situation; but ? rhFps uncle told you this. I cannot go tack n home,andl cannot go back to that situation. N I have been ill, and I have bo?n her I don't p know how many weeks. It is unite time Iwent away now. If it were not for this I would have I stared with yon a little time, you speak so a ki'dlty: and I never saw any one I thked so "Of course, I anot made myself under stood,' Maud broke out. " I raely do when I want to most. I understood perfectly that you wanted a situation. Everybody wants me to t have some cross old fogey for a compnion; r but I've always obttinately refused. I want some one young, to enter into my schemes, anti enjoy life with me; but mammas are so strict now-a-dsyd, they wcald'nt think of letting e their danchter come to me: for, do you know, I live all by myself in a house." SKaziath looked startled. "That is, with two serrants-one old enough to be my mother. EBt yon seem to be able to pleaseyrurself.saoifyouacaetomomenobody would interfere with yon, and you would have relatives next door. The only thing 1 stipulate for, if you accept my ofer, and you shll--you most oextainiy shall-is that there shll be no question of money between us." 1 y Kiry was about to interrupt. h Don't inaterrupt me,"said Maud. "I want Sto explain my plan. On the frst day of every I month I get a certain sum from my bankers; I am so stupidly rich, you know. I keep two r purss-one for hors.,keeoG, the other for my I nondeocript expenditure. I shall keep another puree now for you, and put i it as mut' as It Sut in the lat for myself; and I am soextrava got, I am sure you will find it enou:gh." She was mucn h snrprised :tat li:r (:Itd not I ooe with this atl once. she anawered the look n of the girl rather than any words. , "That is very unkind of you," Maud ex claimed. "Why should yeao not come to me as Swellestoanyoneioeliei" S "You dcn't nund?lerstnd me," repled Kiy. C "Tour p!asn is like my bking delendent upon Syou. I cannot be that. If I come to you. J must come for anmall salary such as I am worth. I cannot rrcrive tnerfit from you which would 1 Sclose my moutharol take away my freedom." And here a proud lock came into the fine face, yet celm and genae, which somewhat abashed her companion. The tlear welled up in:o Mood's Seyes. " I can't eopo:t yen to know me in one meit. ing." she esad. '"Thathi true," reilied Kic.y, with entle I dignity. "It is true or bo.th of us. Had you known me. you could not hare mode me such a "A nd had you known me," rejoired Maud, "I think ou rwould hare accepted it." -ii;-" 'ntly hook hr hood. 'We cannot. begin," shs saod, "where we hare o'lr a feint , chance of ending. Your plan ehould be tl Sresult of ye's of esting, rand of comingL r together, sto spceak. To try to b inr so would be to kill every possibilityr. You are all kind ress. I see it in our ifaCe. Yet you want to clip my wings, you who can go everywhere and do eerything. You like to spend your pounde, Sfethrlu they are your on. Loare me to spend my peace feeling they are my own." h"You despie my plan," re:lel Mosud " but or is ridlcu?ous. If we'e to ro on f.r years, laying tras for each other, and keeping up the very widest and stro?e~s: distinction on r.tna old n,oi. whiere woldit ?l end ? We should never tru?st, each other at all." "You foriet," resou:ddt hire r. gravely, e "that youtr I uosl dnmadls escrli.-ut trut on my poot, an leares you still free." r At any rale," went on UMa!, cr:owing desperate, "'who knows w?er we shall 1., before yeat enough pass to try your way? You wi be marrying and gin'g away from /n me." r There wan somethag like e:rn in K y'es 0n fs as she sid, still with clu:r, s. "I don't d think I am likelyr to marry, isr I;lrwyu. I wason the point of it once, an:d it: rall etns there." "Yourunclethme ol atut youer t-Jotle," said hand, omupsoionately. "Uncde didn't knows much," rblied Ki::o, or dreamily. "Nobly ktces tuch but na.: lb self." o "But nothingis proved noeilt your lover d Iyet, Miuzy," said Maud, ceol:t her by her cr Christian namo for the finrst time. ot Kizzr pt herh ands out before her as if to m ward olff a blow, and said in a reio much like ly a cry., "Do not speak of it, you cannt undr-' ot stand it. I bare never told anytodty the rights ty of it all. I went away. I an't remember us where I went. I hepet I .?hould die. I y remembernights paruerd in a dted hbonuse, e where there wens rcmblings undexrenth. I ii wanted it to fall in on me and Lury me fer ever. Er Ifonse often fll about ?here; anid there was .rgoploaioo, I kne that i trIe. n:ol that I eir id not dream it, orenuse the bSby's hero nowr e lnllomehow a thought came to me, that I n fightperbaps work cut the salvratio of both oitr s, and heandIlmighrmet agauinsnaothser I, world." a MLI did ct understadM all this How should jhe, nalets the had known of the forged J letter? "I know about the baby," Maud said. " We will have the baby with us, You hball come to me on what terms you like, if you will only come. You shalth my model, my guide: you shall save me from my selfiah self. It's a revelation to see one so highesouledl nd to ci beautiful at once. Now, soy, when can you e readv to anme to mei" "I C?st go h:ome for a few dar," s~l i Keziah. " I have not seen mother rirce I was ill. And please, Miss Ilarwyo, don't talk to moe as you have done just now. Inlce, you don't know my heart. What you talk of is only what I want to be, not what I am.' Waell, well, you can't change my op ?io,," replied Maud. "ot won't you show me the r baby you rescuedi" "Gladly,"said Keials, and the two girls went together to the nursery. On her way home to the laytons', Maud was so preoccupied about Kesiah that the twice failed to recognise people the knew perfectly well. One of these sharply reined uphis horse. and dismounting, gravely held out his hand and said: "This is not kind of you, MILss lIarwyn, to torture me with the light of you, when we can never be anything to each otier, never." "Am I never to come near my friends, Mr. Towers, betause you take a foolish fancy into your headI" said Maud, her indignation rising against him. "I thought you would understad, Miss IHarwyn, that I am bound hind anl f.xt, that I can marry nobody, much less you." "Do you think you could marry me if you liked " rejoined Mauood, hot and angry. "'ou talkasif I were only waiting for you to ask me to accept you. Ah, Mr. Towers, had you been a man of money and position, ou would not have found me so lenient as I have shown myself." "That is only your war of cpbraiding me for not being a man of money and petition," retorted Towers with equal bitternes. "If I wanted to upbraid you," repliedMtar.d, "I would not go round about I do upbraid you for not working better, and getting your qualification." "Iow can outsiders judgeof cne's situoti? ? You are very unju?t to me." "I dare say I think Letter of you than you deserra." Towers coloured. "To hear you talk, cue would think you hated me," he raid. "I have a very real contempt fora rtm?o who, at thirty rears f age. setltes down wzthout a lualification he has been trying after a!l his " Your words are very cruel, more cruel than you think," said the doctor, rounting hts horse ard riding rapidly away. to 1i corrriTcn., 