? HORSE RACING. The Geclong Advertiser states tliat Mr. Allen, the veterinary surgeon, assured a friend that Carbine would be fit and well on Cup Day, and run as well as ever. Market indications, however, tell another story, as hundred to two were on offer about the champion # in Melbourne # # on Monday. * An English cablegram states Mr. Joseph Thompson, the Australian "leviathan" bookmaker, at present in London, has a big book on both the Csesarewitch and the Cambridgeshire, and his heavy wagering is quite a feature in the betting market. His total wagers for these two races amount to .£39,000. # # # The authorities are waking up in Sydney on the subject of racing sweeps. At the Water Police Court on Wednesday week, Edward Beard was fined .£100 for a contravention of the Betting Houses Suppression Act in running a totalisator. George Walsh, for an offence of a similar nature, was fined .£10. The magistrates warned the parties that next time they came before him similarly charged he would inflict the full penalty of six months' imprisonment, without the option of a fine. A case against Joseph Gould, for using the St. Leger Grandstand as a betting place at Bandwick, was postponed. # * * " Freelance," writing in the Sportsman, •gays:—" By the way, I don't think I have mentioned the fact in print that something like six weeks back, Carbine was tried with Megaphone at Ocean Grove, and the fourjear-old beat "old Jack" so easily that those who knew what weights were up realised that Carbine would have to improve immensely to have the ghost of chance of winning a Melbourne Cup with lOst. 121b. on his back. Since then he has done no fast work, end I leave my readers to imagine for themselves how much he has improved in the interim, then to gauge for themselves hi6 Cup prospects with 156 lbs in the saddle. At the same time, if Bunge bah is such a certainty at 9st. Gibs, for the •Caulfield Cup a6 the condition of th betting seems to indicate, he must possess splendid chance of winning the Melbourne •Cup with 6 lbs. less on hie back. Yet he is firm at 5 to 2 for the Caulfield race, and is not quoted at any price for the Flumington «vent. Probably the prospect of the gelding incurring a 14 lb. penalty is choking his followers off from touching Bungebah for the big race, but, providing he wins his Caulfield Cup easily, his prospects of winning the 10,000 at Flemington, even with lOst. lib. on his back, must not be overlooked; and if he runs into a place at -Caulfield (which I think he is certain to do) he will still possess a splendid chance of •winuing the Melbourne Cup at 9st. lib." 