Varieties. It may be true, as man, with his usual presumption frequently asserts, that famine is Nature's remedy for over- population, but if so Nature usually makes the inexplicable mistake of leaving the thickest populations alone, sparing Belgium while striking Mo- rocco. —Spectator. Some years ago a newspaper published in Newcastle commemorated its centenial by re- printing its first issue. It was a very small sheet, so a copy of the reprint was folded in- side every one of the current number. During the afternoon of the day an old couple called at the office, and informed the clerk that they had come in answer to the advertisement in the morning paper which directed applicants to inquire at the office of the paper for particulars, the man to attend to cows and the wife to act is general ser- vant in the house. The clerk could not re- member any such advertisement ; but, to oblige them, as they were evidently from the country and very positive, he went with them through the advertisement columns. Nothing of the sort could be found. They repeated that they had both seen it in the morning's paper noticing the day of the month. Then, it occurred to the clerk to look at the reprinted copy of the one-hun- dred-years-old paper, and there he found it. It was with some difficulty that he convinced his disappointed visitors that they were exactly one hundred years too late. A Turkish working day lasts from sunrise to sunset, with certain intervals for refresh- ment and repose. In Montenegro the day laborer begins work between 5 and 6 in the morning, knocks off at 8 for half an hour, works on till noon, rests until 2 and then labors on until sunset. This is in summer. In winter he commences work at 7.30 or 8, rests from 12 to 1 and works uninterruptedly from that time to sunset. The roles respect- ing skilled labor are theoretically the same, but considerable laxity prevails in practice ; in Servia the principle is individual con- venience in every case. In Portugal from sunrise to sunset is the usual length of the working day. With field laborers and work- men in the building trades the summer work- ing day begins at 4.30 or 5 in the morning and ends at 7 in the evening, two or three hours' rest being taken in the middle of the day. In the winter the hours are from 7.30 to 5, with a shorter interval of repose. In manufactories the rule is twelve hours in summer and ten in winter with an hour an a half allowed for meals. Eleven hours is the average day's work in Belgium, but the brewers' men work from ten to seventeen hours ; brick makers sixteen ; the cabinet-makers of Brussels and Ghent are often at work seventeen hours a day ; tramway drivers are on duty from fifteen to seventeen hours, with an hour and one-half at noon ; railway guards sometimes know what it is to work nineteen and one half hours at a stretch, and in the mining districts women are often kept at truck loading or similar heavy labour for thirteen or fifteen hours. The normal workday throughout Saxony is thirteen hours, with two hours' allowance for meal-taking. In Baden the medium du- ration of labour is from ten to twelve hours, but in some cases it far exceeds this, often rises to fifteen in stoneware and china, works and cotton mills, in sawmills to seventeen hours ; while the workers in the sugar re- finers where the shift system is in vogue, work twenty-four hours free, and in too many of of Baden factories Sunday work is the rule. In Russian industrial establishments the difference in the working hours is something extraordinary, varying from six to twenty. It is remarkable that these great divergencies occur in the same branches of industry within the same inspector's district and among establishments whose produce realizes the same market price.—Chambers' Journal. A young man who was servant at a farm- house in a very wild district in Sussex, was sent one night with a message to Burwash. He was warned before he started that a ghost was very often seen near a stile which he had to cross. He accordingly took with him a middling thick stick, and said that if any ghost interrupted him he would, by the help of his ' bat,' try and find out what a ghost was made of. As he got near to the stile, he duly caught sight of the ghost in front of him, glaring fiercely out of the hedge. He pat down his basket, walked boldly up to the place, and with his ' bat' struck out boldly. He owned that he then felt a good deal frightened, for no sooner had he struck than flames on all sides came flying past his head. However, he held his ground, and then discovered that he had smashed into a hun- dred pieces an old rotten tree stump, which, had dried up into touchwood, and the phos- phorous in which shone with such mysterious brightness in the dark.—Sussex Folk. In the Prussian hospitals payment is uni- versal. All sorts and conditions of persons are freely admitted, and patients are divided into three classes, according to the rate of payment. In Class I., which is popularly designated the ' luxurious' one, they pay from six to nine shillings a day ; in Class II., from four to six shillings ; and in Class III., about one shilling and ninepence a day. Children pay one shilling and threepence a day. People who cannot pay for themselves are paid for by the Poor Law Board at third class rate, but those who can pay generally do so, as persons who receive relief from the Poor-Law Board forfeit their political rights. —Contemporary Review. The torpedo-boat has added a new sensation to the experiences of some of our gallant tars. Being narrow, long, find swift, it cuts through the crest of waves and plunges into the trough with a suddenness of decent ex- ceedingly disconcerting to the inner man. Old sea-dogs, who have been ' never, never sick at sea,' make a first acquaintance with mal de mer on board the torpedo-boat.—Con- temporary. An English mechanic and an English mil- lionaire have different food and drink dif- ferent amusements and manners. A French millionaire and a French mechanic dine about the same hour, drink wine, play billiards and cards, and address and are addressed in much the same fashion. Here the two lives are in different worlds ; there one is a cheap ex- emplar—not an imitation—of the other. This similarity of habit gives a similarity of feeling. The ' red fool-fury of the Seine' is not wanted hero ; but it is only possible be- cause the Paris ouvrier has thoughts and feelings and aspirations to which the London artisan is (happily) a stranger.—Scots Ob- server. The practice of creating peers by patent was introduced by Richard II. The daily surplus of births over deaths in the United Kingdom is 1500. In the public libraries of Europe there are more than 21,000,000 printed volumes. Whooping-cough has been known for three hundred years. It mainly affects young chil- dren, 96 per cent of the fatal cases being those of children under five years old. The preventive action of vaccination is shown by the fact that it has kept small-pox out of the colony of Western Australia for 31 years, only one case having been known to occur there. In the year 1543 an Act was passed for the toleration of irregular medical practitioners, which enacted that ' parsons being no com- mon surgeons may minister outward medi- cines.' She can speak the modern languages With fluency and vim ; She can give you Greek and Latin, too, Until your head will swim. She can repeat what Homer wrote About the Trojan strife, But She can't remember what is trump To save her little life. A first-class glass eye costs about £10 to manufacture. About 41 languages and dialects are spoken in London. Previous to the year 1443 there were no barber's shops in London. 1821 was the year in which Mechanics' Institutions were first established. 