THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. Mil. Dixon has a (juarrel with the Governor because the latter invites the members of Parliament to dinner on Wednesday—the night, for " private, members' business." The iron has entered Mr. Dixon's soul, and he is steeled against the Governor from this day forward. Ho accepted the invitation, he says, in a weak moment, b-.i he, would not go to the dinner for all that, as a moans of showing the Karl of Hopetoun how he despised liiin. Everybody oil the Green concurred in voting Di x'on's exhibition of temper as an exhibition of bad manners, doubly accentuated by had taste. But, then, what can you expect from a No, wo won't say it. Dixon isn't a bad fellow after all, though lie sometimes talks boorishly. Jack Murray always likes a i|uic(. fling at tho big folks and so, of course, lie sided with Dixon, just in order to get off u few jukfw. But when you come to think of it, what, is a poor Governor to do who wants to sit down to dinner in his own house with the mighty Commons ? On Sunday ho can't invite them because he is "a son ot the auld kirk, and ho nmsiia brak the Sawbath." On Monday he can't get, them together, because many of them are up tlic> country. On Tuesdays aud Thursdays Government business in Parliament is too important to lie set aside. On Friday the Koiuau Catholics won't attend because they dou't eat meat. On Saturdays the Jews object to attend. So the poor Earl is reduced to Wednesday, and •when he chooses Wednesday he has Messrs. Dixon, h'iiton, Heazloy an>l Murray down on him. Times are changed, my masters. The great folks have now to do a lot of kootooing to tho " Commons." Mr. Bent asked the Premier to give some public money to the Hood sufferers. Ignite right! The public at large ought to do its shaie, aud it cannot be got at more readily than through tho general revenue. But then an excellent plan M ould bo tor members of Parliament to give privately in a body.. If every member were to give a week's screw that he doesn't earn, aud tin; " Lords " gave something extra for their title, we might have about £1000 out of lion, members fortius flood relief, and that would be more, says a cynic, than has come out of Parliament lor many a day. There was never a Parliament, in Victoria, where intrigue was so dead as it is now is in ours. There is no plotting;. Gillies has made up his mind that hjstinie is past. His utter bungling with the finances and the railways have damned him into the lowest political depths. His great concern is as to what constituent y lie van have any chance in at the next general election. Thu Labour party won't look on the same side of the street as Gillies walks, aud his old friends the Conservatives have given him up as the worst Treasurer who ever cursed Victoria. There's a talk about inviting Dick Speight to stand against- Zox in East Melbourne as a Labour candidate. It is said that Kichard is developing very Kadical notions. From being King of the Kailways lie would find it a welcome change to become Boss of the Trades Hall. The idea seems to have arisen because Murphy and Bennett feel that they need a " phenomenal" leader, and Speight holds Gillies' special ceitificate that he is a " phenomenal manager of man." Speight is willing, but the difficulty is about King Demos. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen chafes at the Federation debate. Ho says there is no fight in it. ile wants the Hailway Hill, and then he will have something to stir his blood. Everybody sympathises with the baronet. It is dreadfully dull for a Milesian of the true old stamp to have no chance to trail his coat for a month together. Mr. Murphy, of Dungaree, said about the brightest thing said for a week. He never speaks more than once or twice in the session. But he spoke on the Federation ijiicstiou, and pat,helically bewailed the dreadful evils that befell Ireland wlien it was federated to Jjjnglaud. He lias never forgiven Gillies foi -tlie exhibition two years ngo, when he started singing the National Anthem as a protest against some Home Rule question. Mr. Murphy said :—" J am as loyal as any man in this House, and if my services were ever wanted for the Empire they would be more readily given, I'll go bail, than would those of some gentlemen who crack their jaws at singing ' God Save the Queen.'" The House laughed with the lion, member, not at him. Mr. Munro feels very brisk over his triumph against the unemployed agitators. 'Die members did not show him this copy of verses before handing it to the Press for publication :— There once was a poor badgered Premier, Whose temper grew hotter and steamier When a loafer-led mob Demanded a. job On the wages and terms of Bohemia. Then cried out this baldheaded Premier, As his visage grew brighter and beamier, " I'll give not a plum To you loater-bred scum. But I'll see you all d—d to the Crimea." In " lbson's Ghost, or, Toole np to Date," Mr. J. L. Toole makes np as Ibsen, Miss Irene Vanburgh hits off tlie spasmodic method of Sliss Marion Leo capitally, and Mr. J. Sheldon and Miss Eliza Johnstone do their work well. 