stage, song and show. Last night tho usual weekly change of programme was made at the Alhamlira, when it is needless to say tiio pretty hall was packed from stugo to door long before the curtain was rung up. All the old favorites appeared, and re ceived )ycll - deserved applause for tho manner in whioh they acquitted thomsclves. Miss Octavia, who made her first appearance, received quite nn ovation for her singing of "Love's golden dreams," nndsbo should be come ono of tiic foremost- attractions of tho brilliant company. Charley Hugo's "Tho Coup do Razor" concluded a bill that should satisfy the most exacting of critics. ' The Cyolorama was visited by thousands yesterday, and last night the rotunda was crowded so much that the management had to refuse admission to hundreds. Though the place was hot within the surroundings wore beautifully cool, and scores availed themselves of the plensant scat oil the lawn listening to the band and enjoying tho re freshing cup of tea or glass of cordial which has become such a feature in connection with the splendid artistic production, which after two years' mil is as popular as the day it was first revealed to the gnze of a wonder ing audience. The School of Arts was crowded in every part last night, wiien Dan Tracey's company gavo an excellent performance. Tho pro gramme submitted by the company was a vory fine one indeed, and the audience was inost enthusiastic. The various performers wore ail accorded a fair meed of praise, and the performance throughout went well. The Rev. Charles Clark, whoso return to Sydney, will bo hailed with satisfaction by his numerous friends nnd admirers, com menced his final farewell season at the Cen tenary Hall, York-street, last night. The attendance was large, the building being well filled in every part, and as the lecturer stepped on to the platform he was accorded nn exceedingly hearty welcome. The piece chosen for tlio opening night was Dickens' " Christmas Carol," and it is scarcely necessary to add that the recital of this delightfully en tertaining trifle, which is vory properly de scribed on tiie programme as " the best charity sermon, ever preached," kept tho audience entranced from the commencement to tho close. In the hands of such a master the Christmas Carol could not fail to produce a great effect-, and from tho time old Mar- ley's ghost entered until Scrooge was reclaimed the audience showed the closest attention. The version given was that prepared by the author for his own public readings, and tho only variations from tlio original text were, the lecturer stated, those which tho master's judgment sanctioned. The principal features of tlio piece were well emphasised, arul the humorous and pathetic touches were vividly pnurtrayed. ' ' Thackeray" will be the subject of to-night's lecture. " Wild America," ns might have been ex pected, came in for a large amount of patronage yesterday. The afternoon per formance was largely attended, and the number of the visitors increased consider ably at- night. The principal features of tho exhibition, such as Dr. Carver's mar vellous skill with tho rifle, the clover horse manship and lassooing by the cowboys, and amusing adventures of the Indians were, as usual, fully appreciated. Intending visitors should not overlook the fact that the last five days are announced, as after Saturday next Dr. Carver intends seeking fresh fields and pastures new. Considerable interest will be manifested among amateurs and others interested in music in the 'first concert of the Misses Alhu, which is to ho given in the Y.M.C.A. Hall fco-i iglit. The young ladies are recent arrivals from Europe, and they come liulcn with golden opinions which, wo have no doubt, they aro well able to justify. An excellent selection of music has been made for the opening programme, and each sister will contribute selections from the oratorio, the operatic and the ballad schools of music. Miss Julie Albu will sing "Anqels ever bright and fair" (Handel), "Roberto, toi que j'aimo" (Meyerbeer) and "Good-bye" (Tosti). Miss Rose Albu will sing "Entreat me not to leave tlieo " (from Gounod's "Ruth"), Arditi's bravura waltz air, "II Baooio," and Denzn's pretty ballad " Call me back." Tho selection is excellent. A concert of popular music was given in the Centennial Hall last night by Mr. Mon tague Younger, with the assistance of a number of well-known local and othor pro fessionals. The attendance was moderate, antl the encore fiend appeared to form a largo percentage of tlio audience. There were on tho bill two names now to Sydney audiences, those of Miss Louise May and Miss Leonora O'Shannessy. Tho former, with a full mezzo ' of moderate quality, sang the famous " Una Voce," but the result was nob altogether successful. The singer will, no doubt, bo heard to be better advantage 'ere long. Miss O'Shannessy was only heard in part music, but with Mr. Rain ford she sang her share in "The sailor sighs" tastefully. Mr. Craven gavo an acocptublo rendering of Adams' " Mona." Miss Ruber was not at her best in "The bird that came in spring," but she compensated amply by a very sweet and expressive rendering of' "Dour heart." Mr. "Tom " Rtiinford's contributions, "Tho gallants of England "and "The lostchoid" were in tho singer's best Btylc. Messrs A. Fisher, S. O. Lavnrs, M, Younger and Her bert Youugerplayed on two pianoH "Valsc brilliant" (Modgskowski). Signor Cur- mini sang " Thou art so near '" ami tlio tenor ot lite " Rigoletto" quartette, and Mr. Rea played a couple of organ solos. Altogether it was a most enjoyable concert. 