:ICE BOUND. :Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CIA: C PTERIt23-Continucd,. .ad sho been damaged below?,was she takgin water? I knew her to be so thickly sheathed with ice that, unless it had been scaled off in places by the breaking of her bed, I had little fear (until this covering melted or dropped off by the working of the frame) of the hull not proving tight. I should have been coated with ice myself had I stayed but a little longer in my wet clothes in that piercing wind; so I ran below, and bringing an armful of clothes from my cabin to the cook room, was very soon in dry at tire, and making an extraordinary, figmue, I don't question, in the buttons, lace, and frip peries of the old fashioned garments. M?eanwhile, I was crazy to ascertain if the ashooner was taking in water. If there was a sounding rod in the ship I did not know where to lay my hands upon it. But he is a poor sailor who is slow at substitutes. There were several spears in the arms roomn (pirati cal plunder, no doubt) with mere spikes for heads, sike those weapons used by the Caffers and other tribes in that country; they were formed of a hard heavy wood. I took a length of ratline line and secured it to one of these spears, and carried it on deck with the powder room bull's eye lamp; but when I probed the sounding pipe I found it full of ice, and as it was impossible to draw the pumps I flung my ingenious sounding rod down in a passia.s of grief and mortification. Yet was I not to b eaten. Such was my temper, had the devil himself confronted me I should have defied him to do his worst, for I had made up my mind to weather him out. I entered the forecastle, lantern in hand, pried open the hatch, and droppedl into the hold. It needed an experienced ear to detect the sobbing of internal waters amsin the yearning gushes, the long gurgling washings, the thunderous blows, and shrewd rain like hissings of the seas outside. I listened with strained hearing for some minutes, but dis tinguished no sounds to alarm me with as surance of water in the hold. I could not mistake. I hearkened with all my might, but the noise was outside. I thanked God very heartily, and got out of the bold and put the hatch on. There was no need to go aft and listen. The schooner was yr the head, and there could be no water in the run that would not be forward too. Being reassured in respect of the stanch ness of the hull, I returned to the fire and proceeded to equip myself for a prolonged watch on deck. W'hile I was drawing on a great pair of boots I heard a knocking in the after part of the vessel. I supposed she had drifted into a little field of broken ice, and that she would go clear presently, and I fin ished arming myself forthe weather; butthe knocking continuing I went into the cabin, where I heard it very plain, and walked as far as the lazarette hatch, where I stood lis tening. The noises were a kind of irregular thumping, accompanied by a peculiar grind ing sound. In a moment I guessed the truth, rushed on deck, and by the dim light in the air saw the long tiller moving to and frol The beat of the beam seas had unlocked the frozen bonds of the rudder, and there swung the tiller, as though like a dog the ship was wagging her tail for joy! The vessel lay along, rolling so as to bring her starboard rail to a level with the sea; her main deck was full of water, and the froth of it, combined with the ice that glazed her, made her look like a fabric of marble as she swung on the black fold ere it broke into snow about her. I seized the tiller and ran itover hard a starboard, and I had not held it in that posture half a minute when, to imsy inexpressible delight, I observed that she was paying off. Her head fell slowly from the sea; she lurched drunkenly, and some tons of black water rolled over the bulwarks; she reeled consumedly to larboard, and rose squarely and ponderously to the height of the surge that was now abaft the beam. In a few moments she was dead before it, the helm amidships, the wind blowing sheer over the stern with half its weight seemingly gone, throughathe vessel running, the tall seas chasing her high stern and floating it up ward, till looking forward was like gazing down the slope of a hill. iMy heart was never fuller than then. I was half crazy with the passion of joy that possessed me. . However, I was still in a situation that made prodigious demands upon my coolness and wits. The wind blew southwest, the schooner was running northeast; the bulk of the icebergs lay on the larboard bow, but there were others right ahead, and to star board, where also lay the extremity of the island, though I did not fear that if I could escape the rest. It was a dark night; me thinks there should have been a young moon curled somewhere among the stars, but she was not to be seen. I could.just make out the dim, pallid loom ,of the coast of ice upon the starboard beam, and a blob or two of faintness-most elusive and not to be fixed by the eye staring straight at them-on the larboard bow. But it was not long before these blobs, as I term them, grew plainer, and half a score swam into the dusk over the bowsprit end, and resembled dull small visionary openings in the dark skythere, or like stars magnified and dimmed into the merest spectral light by mist. I passed the first at a distance of a quarter of a soile; it slid by phantasmally, and another \- stole out right ahead. This I could have gone wide)y clear of by a little shift of the helm; but while I was in the act of starboarding three or four bergs suddenly showed on the larboard bow, and 1 saw that unless I had a mind to bring the ship into the trough again I must keep straight on. So I steered to bring the berg that was right ahead alittle on the bow, with a prayer in my soul that there might be no low lyingblock in the road for theochooner to split upon. It went by witliin a pistol shot. I was very much accustomed to the sight of ice by this time, yet I found myself glancing at this mass with pretty near as much won der and awe as if I had never seen such a tlhing before, It was not above thirty feet high, but its shape was exactly that of a horse's head-the lips sipping the sea, the ears cocked, the neck arching to the water. You would have said it was some vast courser rising out of the deep. The peculiar radiance of ice trembled off it likesa luminous mist into the dusk. The water boiled about its nose, and suggested a frothing caused by the monster steed's exelled breath. Let a are have been kindled to glow red where you looked for the eye, and the illusion would have been frightfully grand. Half this ice camn frpl, the island; the-rest of it was formed of bergs too t.ll to have ever be longes to the north end of thatgreat stretch. It took three hours to pass olear of them, and then Ihad to go on clinging to the tiller and steering in a most melancholy, famished con dition for another long half hour before I could satisfy myself that the sea was free. But noy I was nearly dead with the cold. I had stood for five hours at the helm, during all which time my mind had been wound up to the fiercest tension of anxiety, and my eyes felt as if they were strained out of their sockets by their searching of the gloom ahead; and nature, having done her best, gave out suddenly, and not to have saved my life could I have stood at the tiller for another ten minutees The gear alonlg the rail was so iron hard that I could not secure the helm with it, so 1 softened some lashings by holdipg them bh fore the fire; and finding the schooner on my return tobe coming round to starboard, 5 helped her by putting the tiller hard a-port and securing it. I then went below, built up the fire, lighted my pipe and sat down foe warmth and rest.. CHAPTER XXVI. I AIl TROUBLED BY THOUGHTS OF TRI TREASURE. The weight of the wind in the rigging steadied the schooner somewhat, and pre vented her from rolling too heavily to star board, while her list corrected her larboard rolls. So as I sat below she seemed to me to be making tolerably good weather of it. Not much water came aboard; now and again I would hear the clatter of a fall forward, but at comfortably long intervals. I sat against the dresser with my hback upon it, and being dead tired must have dropped asleep on a sudden-indeed, before I had half smoked my pipe out--and I do not believe I gave a thought to my situation before I slum bered, so wearied was I. The cold awoke me. The fire was out, and so was the candle in the lantern, and I was in cofllin darkness. This the tinder box speedily remedied. I looked at my watch-7 o'clock, as I was a sinnerl so that my sleep had lasted between three and four hours. I went on deck and found the night still black upon the sea, the wind the same brisk gale that was blowing when I quit the helm, the sea no heavier, and the schooner tumbling in true Dutch fashion upon it. I looked very earnestly around, but could see no signs of ice. jThero would be daylight presently; so I went below, lit the fire, and got my break fast, and when I returned the sun was up, and the sea visible to its farthest reaches. It was a fine wintry piece; the sea green and running in ridges with frothing heads, the sky very pale among the dark snow laden clouds, the sun darting a ray now and again, which was swung into the north by the shad ows of the clouds until they extinguished it. Remote in the northwest hung the gleamn of an iceberg- there was nothing else in sight. Yes-something that conlforted me exceed ingly, though it was not very many days ago that a like object had heavily scared me-an albatross, a noble bird, sailing on the wind ward close enough to be shot. The sight of this living thing was inexpressibly cheering; it put into my head a fancy of ships being at hand, thoughts of help and of human compan ions. In truth, my imagination was willing to accept it as the same bird that I had fright ened away when in the boat, now returned to silently reproach me for my treatment of it. Nay, my lonely eye, my subdued and suf fering heart, might even have witnessed the good angel of my life in that solitary shape of ocean beauty, and have deemed that, though unseen, it had been with me through out, and was now made visible to my gaze by the light of hope that had broken into the darkness of my adventure. Well, supposing it so, I should not have been the only man who ever scared his good angel away and found it faithful afterward. I unlashed the tiller and got the schooner before the wind, and steered until a little be fore noon, letting her drive dead before the sea, which carried her northeast. Then, se curing the helm amidships, I ran for the quadrant, and while waiting for the sun to show himself I observed that the vessel held hlerself very steadily before the wind, which might have been owing to her high stern and the great swell of her sides and her round bottom; but be the cause what it might, she ran as fairly with her hell amidships as if I had been at the tiller to check her-a most fortunate condition of my navigation, for it privileged me to get about other work, while at the same time every hour was conveying me nearer to the tracks of ships and farther from the bitter regions of the south. I got an observation, and smade out that the vessel had driven about fifteen leagues dur ing the night. She lmust do betterthanthat, thought I; and when I had eaten some din nor I took a chopper, and going on to the forecastle lay out upon the bowsprit, and after beating the spritsail yard block clear of the ice, cut away the gasloets that confined the sail to the yard, heartily beating the can vas, that was like iron, till a clew of it felL I then came in and braced the yard square, and the wind, presently catching the exposed part of the sail, blew Imore of it out, and yet more, until thbce w as 0 good surface snow ing; then to asudden hard blast of wind the whole sail flew open with a mighty crack ling, ai though indeed it was formed of ice; but to"encder it useful I had to haul the sheets aft, which I could not manage without the help of the tackles we had used in sling ing the powder over the side; so that, what with one hindrance and another, the setting of that sail took me an hour and a half. - Finding that the ship continued to steer herself very well, and the better for the sprit sail, I thought I would get the body of the old Frenchman overboard, and so obtain a clear hold for myself, so far as corpses went. I carried the lantern into the forecastle, but when I pulled the hammock off him I confess it was not without a stupid fear that I should find him alive. Recollection of his astound ing vitality found something imperishable in that ugly anatomy, and though he lay before me as dead and cold as stone, I yet had fancy that the seeds of life were still in him, that 'twas only the current of his being that had froze, that if I were to thaw him afresh he might recover, anl that if I buried him I should actually be dispatching him. But though these fancies possessed theydid not control me. I took his watch and what ever else he had in that way, carried him on deck, and dropped him over the side, using as little ceremony as he had employed in the disposal of his shipmates," but affected by very different emotions; for there was not only the idea that the vital spark was still iri him; I could not but handle with awe the most mysterious corpse the eye had ever viewed--one who had lived through a stupor or death sleep for eight-and-forty years, in whom in a few hours Time had compressed the wizardry he stretches in others over half a century- who in a night had shrunk front the aspect of his prinme into the lean, puck" ered, bleared eyed, deaf and tottering ex pression of 100 years. All that day and through the night that followed the schlooner drove, riolling and plunging before the seas, into the northeast, to the'pulling of the spritsail, I miade seve eral excursions into the forehold, but never could hear the sound of water in the vessel. Her sides iu places were still sheatheld in ice; but this crystal arnlmor was gradually drop ping off her to the working of her frame inl the seas, so that, since she was proving her self tight, it was certain her stanelmess owed nothing to the glassy plating. I should but fatigue you td follow the sev eral little stories of these hours onb by one how I got my food, snatchled at sleep, stood at the helm, gazed around the sea line, and the like. The sea wqrtliness of the craft, coupled with the reasonable assurance of presently falling in with a ship, rendered me so far easy in any mind as to enable me to think ery" frequently of the treasure, and how I was to secure it. If I fell in withl an enemy's cruiser or a privateer I must expect to be stripped. This would be the fontune of 'war, and I mnust take my chance. Mdy oneere did not lie that way-how was I to protect this property, that was justly mine, against my own countrymen, suppose I had the goad fortune to carry the schooner safely into Eng lish watersgl had a brother-ki-lawn, Jere mtah 3asonoaEsq., a Turkey merchant ina small way of business, whose office was i. the city of London, and if I coultaltnaage to envey the treasure secretly tohim bewould, know, find nie a haudsomo account in his ettlenment of this affair. But it was impos ible to strike out a plan. I must wait, and attend theocourse of events. I was resolved at all hazards to stick to the _chooner,4md, with a view of providing Igainst the curiosity of rummaging of aey persons who should come aboard, Ifell to the .ollowing work after getting my breakfast. I hung lanterns in the run and hatchways and cabin to enable me to pass easily to and 'ro; I then emptied one of the chests in my cabin, and carried it to where the treasure was. The chest I filled nearly three parts full with money, jewelry, etc., which sank the contents of the other chests to the depth I wanted. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, such as pistols and hangers and cut lasses, anti filled up the chests with them, first placing a thickness of canvas over the money and jewelry, that no glitter might show through. To improve the deception I brought another chest to the run, and wholly filled it with cutlasses, powder horns, pistols and the like, and so fixed it that it must be the first to come to hand. My cunning amounted to this: that suppose the run to be rummaged, the contents of the first chest were sure to be turned out, but, on the other chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it was as likely as not that the rummagers would be satisfied that they were arms chests, and quit meddling with them. ~ The wind at dawn had weakened and come into the west. There was a strong swell indeed there always is in this ocean-but the seas ran small. The sky looked like marble, with its broad spreadings of high white clouds and the veins of blue sky between. I wished to make all the northing that was possible, but there was nothing to be done in that way with the spritsail alone. Had not the capstan been frozen Ishould have tried to get the mainsail upon the ship, but without the aid of machinery I was helpless. So, with helm amidships, the schooner drove lan guidly along with her head due east, lifting as ponderously as a line-of-battle ship to the floating launches of the high swell, and the albatross hung as steadfastly in the wake of my lonely ocean path as though it had been some messenger sent by God to watch me into safety. CHAPTER XXVIL " I ENCOUNTvER A WHALER. I had been six days and nights at sea, and 'the morning of the seventh day had come. With the exception of one day of strong southwesterly winds, which ran me some thing to the northward, the weather had been .fine--bitterly cold, indeed, but bright and Clear.oln this time I had run a distance of about 00o miles to the east, and with no other 'cloths upon the schooner but her spritsail. On the morning of the seventh dayI came :on deck, having slept since 4 o'clock. On looking over the larboard bulwark rail, the first thing I saw was a ship about twc miles off. Ohe was on the larboard tack under courses, topsails and maintopgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshine made her canvas look as white as snow against the skirts of the body of vapor that had trailed a little to leeward of her, and her black hull flashed as though she dis charged a broadside every time she rose wel to the northern glory out of the hollowof the swell with a curl of silver at her cut water. My heart came into my throat; I seemed not to breathe; not to have saved my life could I have uttered a cry, so amazed and transported was I by this unexpected appari tion. I stared like one in a dream, and my head felt as if all the blood in my body had surged into it. But then, all on a sudden. there happened a revulsion of feeling. Sup pose she should prove a privateer-a French war vessel-of a nation hostile to my owni Thought so wrought in me that I trembled like an idiot in a fright. The telescope was too weak to resolve her-I could do better with my eyes; and I stood at the bulwark: gazing anud gazing, as if she were the specter ship of the Scandinavian legend. There were flags below, and I could have hoisted a signal of distress; but to what pur posetlIf the apltearance of the schooner did aot sumeaently illustrnto Irv co.ittto,...s-.. Vas certainly no virtue in the language and 'eclarations of bunting to exceed her owt i"to assurance. I watched her with a pas. of anxiety, never doubting her intention S. :k to me- at all events to draw close and look at mie-wholly concerning mysell with her character. The swell made us botL dance, and the blue brows of the roller would often hide her tdo the height of bet rails; but we were closing each other mid dling fast-she traveling at seven and I al four miles in the hour- and presently I could see that;she carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I; and after a little I was sureof it by perceiving the rings over tiher topgallant rigging for the lookout to stand in. Ont being convinced of this I ran below for a shawl that was in my cabin, and, jumping on to the bulwarks, stood ilourishing it for some minutes to let tL2m knoW that there was a man aboart: Shelu'ledtodeadenher ' way that I might swim close, and as we ap proached each other I observed a cromwd of heads forward looking at me, and several men aft all staring intently. A man scrambled on to the rail, and with an ann clasping a backstay hailed me: "Schooner ahoyl"' he bawled, with a strong nasal twang in his cry. "What ship's thatp' #The Boca del Dragon," I shouted back. 'Where arq you from; aind where are you bound to'" "I have been locked up in the ice," I cried, "and am in want of help. What ship are you?" "The Susan Tucker, whaler, of New Bed ford, twenty-seven months out," he returned. "Where in creation got you that hooker?" "I'm the only man aboard," I cried, "and have no boat. Send to me, in the name of God, and let the master comel'h "int the onlU man aboard." Ho waved his hand, bawling: "Put your helm down-you're forging aheadPl and so laying dismounted. I inmmediately cast the tiller adrift, put it hard over, and secured it, then jumped on to the bulwarks again to watch them. She was Yankee beyond doubt; I had rather me my own countrymen; but, next to a British, I would have chosen an American ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt my self to 'save been alone throughout my ad venture, and so sore was the effect of ?hat solitude upon my spirits that it seemed twenty years since I had seen a ship, and since I had held communion with my own species. I was terribly agitated, and shook in every limb. Life must have been precious always, but never before had it appeared so precious as now, while I gazed at that homely ship, with her maintopsail to the mast, swinging stately upon the swell, the faces of the sea men plain, the smoke of her galley fire breaking from the chimney, the sounds of groaning blocks and creaking parrals steal ing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that my whole being was flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited allthe men of the whaler to share in it with me. They stare fixedly- little wonder that they should be astounded by such an appearance as my ship exhibited! One of the several boats which hung at her davits was lowered, the oars flashed, and presently she was near enough to be hit with a biscuit; but when there the master, as I supposed him to be, who was steering, sang out, ,"'Vast row ingl"'e boat came to a stand, and her peo ple cman stared at me with their chins upon their shoulders as if I had been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them while they viewed me. They looked a queer com pany; two were negroes, the others pale faced, bearded man, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecrows. The fellow who steered had a face as long as a wet hammock, and it was lengthened yet to the eye by a beard like a goat's hanging at the extremity of his chin. He stood up-a tall, lank figure, with legs like a pair of compasses-and hailed me afresh; but the high swell, regular as the swing of a pendulum, interposed its brow between him and me, so that at one moment he was a sharply lined figure against the sky of the horizon, and the next he and his boat and crew were sheer gone out of sight, and this made an exchange of sentences slow and troublesome. "Say, master," he sung out, "what d'ye say the schooner's name isf' "The Boca del Dragon," I replied. "And who are you, mateyl" "An English sailor, who has been cast away on an island of ice," I answered, talk ing very shortly, that the replies might fol low the questions before the swell sank him. "Ay, ay," says he, "that's very well, but when was you east away, bully?" I gave him the date. "That's not a month ago," cried he. - "It's long enough, whatever the time," said I. Here the crew fell a-talking, turning from one another to stare at me, and the negroes' eyes showed as big as saucers in the dismay of their regard. "See here, master," sung out the long man, "if you ha'n't been cast away more'n a month, how come you clothed as men went dressed a century sin', hey!" The reason of their misgivings flashed upon me. It was not so much the 'schoones as my appearance. The truth was, my clothes having been wetted, I had ever since been wearing such thick garments as I mel with in the cabin, keeping my legs warm with jack boots, and I had become so used to the garb that I forgot I had it on. You wiL judge, then, that I must have presented a figure very nicely calculated to excite the wonder and apprehension of a body of men whose superstitious instincts were already sufficiently fluttered by the appearance ol the schooner, when I tell you that, in addi. tion to the jack boots and a great fur cap, my costume was formed of a red plust waistcoat laced with silver, purple breeches. a coat of frieze with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had taker from the body of Mendoza. "Captain," cried I, "if so be you are the conie aboard, sir'l" Here I had to wait till he reappeared. "Mfy story is an.extraordi. nary one..You have nothing to fear. I ar a plain English sailor; my ship was the Laughing Mary, bound in ballast from Cal lao to the cape." Here I had to wait again. "Pray, sir, come aboard; there is nothing tc to fear. I am alone, in grievous distress and in want of help. Pray come, sir" There was so little of the goblin in this ap peal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, but he addressed them perempto rily. I heard him damn them for a set ol curs, and tell them that if they put him aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swim; and presently they buckled to their oars again, and the boat came alongside. The long man, watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains and stepped on deck. I ran up to him and seized his hand with both mine. "Sir," cried I, speaking with difficulty, so great was the tumult of my spirits and the joy and gratitude that swelled my heart, "I thank you a thousand times over for this visit. I am in the most helpless condition that can be imagined. I am not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by the figure I maike in these clothes; but, sir, you will be much more amazed when you have heard my story." He eyed me steadfastly, examiningmevery earnestly from my boots to my cap, and then cast a glance around him before he made ary reply to my address. He had the gauntness, sallowness of complexion, and deliberateness of manner peculiar (~(he pedlole of New Eng land; and though he was a very ugly, lank, uncouth man, I protest he was as fair in my sight as if he had been the ambrosial angel described by Milton. "Well, cook my gizzard," he exclaimed, presently, througl his nose, and after another good look at me and along the decks and up aloft, "if'this ain't mi-raculous tel Durne, t if wedidn't take this hooker for some ghost ship rfi from the sea, in charge of a merman rigged out to fit her age. Y' are all alone, arou!" ::All alone," said I, "Broach me every barrel aboard it ever I see sich a Yessel," he cried, his astonishment rising with the searching glances he directed aloft and slow. "How old be shae "She was cast away in 1753," aid I, "Well, I'm durnedl She's froze hard, sir reel I reckon she'll want a hot sun to thaw her, Split me, mister, if she ain't worth aailing home as a show box." I interrupted his ejaculations by asking him to step below, where we could sit warm while I related my story; and I asked, him to. invite his boat's crew into the cabin that I might regale them with a bowl of such liquor as, I venttred to say, had never passed their lips in'tiis life. On this he went to the side, asd, hailing the men, ordered all but one to come aboard and drink to the health of the lonesome sailor they had comne across. The word "drink" acted like a charm; theyin stantly hauled upon the painter and brought the boat to the chains and tumbled over the side, one of the negroes remaining in her. They fell together in a body, and surveyed me and the ship with a hundred marks of (ooeishmeoit. (To be Contiuned) 