[ALL BIGHTS BESERVED.] THE COUNT'S MILLIONS, A EOMANCE. < ÖT JULIAN HAWTHORNE. . SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. f Harry Trent,a wealthy diamond merchant, ie discovered murdered in a lonely house he has been completing in the suburbs. At the time of his1 death his friends ex- pected that he would marry his cousin, . Olympia Raven, or a New Orleans widow, Mrs. Sallie Matchin. i Suspicion of the murder rests on Keppel Darke, a young artist, in love with Miss Raven, fie is sentenced to prison at hard labor for life. Mrs. Matchin announces in court that she was secretly married to Mr. Trent. We now see Keppel Darke handcuffed to Frank Munroe, the detective, on his way to Sing Sing. As he is brooding over his miserable future he observes a young man sleeping at th«* end of the car who is a per- fect image of himself. Keppel envies the peaceful repose of the young man, who ns probably on his way to a happy home. In the midst of his reveries the train is wrecked, and when he wakes to conscious- ness the detective is dead at his side. - To find the key of his handcuffs and free him- self is .the work of a moment. He is turn- ing away, when his eyes fall on the body of the young man who looked so much like him lying dead in the debris. -A sudden thought flashes over him. He exchanges clothes with the unknown and locks the loose handcuff around his wrist ; then, satisfied with his work, he walks away. He arrives at the nearest station in time to catch a train to New York, and examines the stranger's papers as soon as he reaches a restaurant. He finds the dead man was Burton Fairfax, and there is a paper in the pockets with later details of the Trent murder case. The will of the diamond merchant has been discovered in a bureau- drawer in a Philadelphia hotel. All his property is left to his wife, Sarah Athea Trent, thus proving Mrs. Matchin's claim in court that she was his wife. No mention was made of the annuity of 8000 dollars to Mrs. Raven and her daughter. A cipher letter that no one could inter- pret was found on Mr. Trent's person when discovered. It was penned in a French hand. , Keppel resolves to try and find the real murderer, and some instinct leads him to a wild spot on Long Island. Overtaken at night he reaches a lonely house. It is occupied by a man dying of yellow fever. He arrives in time to behold the curse of Solange fulfilled on Dupont. The man dies, and Darke learns his iden- tity through a cipher letter. He buries the body in a creek, and finds the treasure concealed in a box of wax fruit under the mattress in the hut. Lawyer Banwick's office in New York is the next scene. He receives a visit from Count de Lisle, a fabu- lously rich foreigner, whoi engages his special services as agent and lawyer at 10,000 dollars per month, and requests him to purchase the pal ace occupied by the late Henry Trent. The Count learns that Olympia Raven is supporting herself by painting, and lives with Lawyer Ban wick. After the interview the lawyer goes home to tell his family of his change in fortune and of the Count. De Lisle makes Olympia Raven's acquaint- ance, learns of her love for Keppel Darke, which she still treasures, although he is supposed to be deed. The count arranges to give a great ball in his new house, Mrs. Henry Trent, nee Mrs. Sallie Matchin, is to assist him to entertain. Before the guests arrive he shows her into a room especially fitted up for her benefit. She realises at that moment that it is the very room in which her husband was found murdered. She shudders. At that moment raising her eyes to the mirror she sees reflected in its depths the shadow form of Keppel Darke. She shrieks aloud and staggers forward. Count de Lisle knocked at the door. For a minute or two there was no answer. He knocked again. « Mme. Trent,' he said, ' pardon me for disturbing you, but the guests are beginning to arrive.' \- The door was opened slowly. The beau- tiful Sallie stood there, pale, with dis- tended eyes; She stared at him as if she hardly realised his presence. . But after a moment she put out her hand and clutched him by the sleeve. She drew him into the room., ' Why did you put me here?' she said, in a husky voice. ' What was it ?' ' Are you ill ? Is anything wrong ?' he asked, anxiously. 'That mirror !' she continued. ; I saw I thought . . . Oh ! what was it ?' A tremor passed through her, and her teeth chattered. 'The mirror?' he repeated, looking per- plexed. She turned as if with an effort and gave a glance toward it. The room was full of light. The fire burned cheerfully. The antique mirror reflected their two figures, standing together in the doorway. After a pause, she gave a faint laugh, and put her hand to her head. « I was asleep, I suppose ; it must have been a dream-a nightmare. Dead men are dead!' and she laughed again. ' You are not well,' he said. ' You had better lie down on the bed for an hour or two and rest. I will see that you are not disturbed. I will receive the guests my- self.' * Rest in that room,' she exclaimed. She gave him a very scorching glance. ' You were speaking about ghosts a while ago,' she observed. ' Any one would think you had a presentiment. . . . Ah, well! You'll think I'm out of my head. Come, I am ready. Don't be afraid, dear Count. I shall be equal to the emergency.' In fact, she recovered her self-possession very rapidly, and was even more alert than usual. The incident of the mirror had aroused every latent quality, good or evil, in her nature. And her mind, which was strongly materialistic and logical in its bias, applied itself with a sort of angry heat to the consideration of the mystery. She did not believe in ghosts, and she had not been asleep. Yet she had seen in the mirror the reflection-or, as it seemed, the actual figure of Keppel Darke. As she had sprung toward it, it had vanished, and she had found herself gazing at her own frightened eyes in the mirror. What was it ? She .had heard of hallucinations, visions, cerebral impressions-there were names enough j but the more she thought of this experience of hers the more con- vinced she was that it was real. She had seen a real, substantial figure ; and its face was that of Keppel Darke. But how was that possible ? Was not Keppel Darke's dead body found in the railroal wreck, handcuffed to the dead body of the police officer ? No matter ; this was either Keppel Darke, or it was some one who exactly resembled him. Whichever it were, the bearing of his appearance to her would be substantially the same. It could have been no accident ; there was a plan and a pur- pose behind. Some power hostile to hei was at work. Was the Count aware of it í How could he but be aware of it ? Then he was her enemy-her deadly enemy! And he had invited her here, and had placed her in that room, with the premedi- tated design of - Well, of what ? OJ giving her a scare ? No, not that. Oi giving her warning of battle-throwing down the gauntlet ? Hardly that, either. ' It is no use my trying to fathom hii motives yet,' said Sallie to herself. ' J must wait and watch. Perhaps he mean' only to try an experiment on me ; he hai some problem to solve, and would test i by my behavior. But what concern has h< with Keppel Darke? What is the obj ec of Keppel Darke himself ?-if what I sav was really he, Count de Lisle would be ; powerful friend-and a terrible enemy There is almost nothing that a man of hi resources could not accomplish. Yes, am cannot I, too, accomplish something ? Hav not women no more beautiful or clever thai I worked miracles before now ? And af te all, I have nothing to fear. Keppel Dark may come back from the grave, if he will but Harry Trent will not. And even i he did ... So glad to see you, Mr* Vanderdonde! Great pleasure, Miss Fit Murray ! Your wife unwell, what a pity Mr. Roylance! Yes, like a fairy palace.' For, all the while that Sallie was dc bating a matter of vital interest to hersel she had been standing near the entrañe to the drawing-room, with Count de LÍBI on her left hand, receiving andexchangin amenities with one group or individui after another of arriving guests. Even body knows how readily this duality < nature developes itself when any powe ful impression is working on the min The soul so seldom has any part in tl farrago of conventional and automat things that we daily say and do, that whe by chance it is aroused, it can attend to its affair without being in the least disturbed by the din of external things. Sallie, ac- cordingly, smiled and chatted fully as well as usual, while her real thoughts were ranging to and fro through the past, and questioning the future in a manner that those who saw her standing there in the soft light, glowing and sparkling, would have been astonished to even suspect. Civilisation seldom can show a fairer scene than lay before Sallie's eyes that evening. The guests seemed to have; done their best to render themselves harmonious with their environment. The beautiful girls were never so beautiful before j the women with taste in dress were never so tastefully dressedas this night ; the women with jewels never before so shone and glit- tered. As for the men, they could not array themselves in silks and satins, as they might have done a hundred years earlier ; but they made * up for their plain black and white by wit and good humor. Everybody was feeling inte- rested. There had from the first been curi- osity to see how the Count would manage his entertainment, and this curiosity . had now taken on a deeper and livelier tone. The company felt that it was going to pass an evening that it would remember, and that, whatever expecta- tions might be aroused, the Count was . quite able to surpass them, without much exerting himself. Everything went for- ward easily and without hitch ; and the Count was the most unconcerned and care-free person in the house. He never gave an ordér, or seemed to have a thought save of pleasure at the pleasure of his guests. His bearing was pronounced per- fect by" the best critics present-and some formidable ones were there-and in addi- tion he appeared far more genial and con- versable than heretofore. Evidently he was ono of those characters that develop upon acquaintance. The ladies soon fell in love with him ; his house was so nice ; he was so nice j-and so incon- ceivably rich. The men all liked him none the less. It is not difficult to like a man who entertains you so charmingly and cour- teously, and who, as far as society is con- cerned, is simply an inexhaustible mine of enjoyments. Within ten minutes of the appointed hour, every guest invited was either in the house, or awaiting their turn to enter. The door by which they came in was in close proximity to the dressing-rooms, where the most skilful of lady's maids and valets left the guests nothing to do but to stand still and be put in order. A broad hall led through a pair of semi-transparent curtains to the reception-rooms. When all were as- sembled, twenty-five beautiful boys, about 12 years old, and as many girls, dressed in Eastern fashion, appeared, and passed among the company, carrying trays on which were little cups of pure crystal, con- taining an aromatic beverage ; it was too exquisite and ethereal to be a cocktail, and besides the ladies drank it ; but its effect was marvellous ; it worked a change of heart in every one, and a change for the better. Following up this success, the boys presented bouquets to each of the ladies, in a holder of wrought gold filigree, with her initials worked in it, while the young g iris gave a buttonhole of similar design in miniature to the gentle- men. Hereupon a sound like a peal of silver bells rang softly close at hand, and on all sides, yet invisible, was heard ; the broad doors leading to the dining-hall were withdrawn, and tho fragrant splendor of t that freshly created apartment dawned upon the company. As they passed the threshold music was heard, delicate and remote, as if the flowers were singing together. Such a feast should begin with nothing less delicate than nightingales' tongues, and wind up with apples of the Hespéridos. When the cloth had been withdrawn, after the last course, it was revealed that the great spirit table was composed of up- ward of sixty small square tables, like the joints of a serpent-each accommodating four persons. Now the fifty Nubians, who, in the costume of their country (at least as designed by color- loving artists), had been attending during the dinner, wheeled these tables into a great semicircle at the lower half of the hall, and then the guests, re- seating themselves, were served with coffee. Few of them noticed the entrance of a small man, with a dark Indian com- plexion and curly black beard, who took up a position in the centre of the open space in the upper end of the room. He wore a white turban, a close-fitting jacket, with sleeves to the elbows, showing a lean brown forearm, loose white zouave trou- sers, gathered at the knees, and a pair of Turkish slippers, turned up at the toes. A sash of fine silk, of a peculiar red color, and many feet in length, was bound round his waist. A gold bracelet, in the shape of a serpent, was worn on his left wrist. He looked like a Hindoo, and it soon became evident that the Count's friends were to be treated to an exhibition of Oriental jugglery. After making a low salaam to the com- pany, the man, holding his bare arms ex- tended before him, began to rub the palms of his hands slowly together, and in a few moments a fine goldcord appeared dangling between them, and gradually lengthening till it reached the floor. It iñcreasedrapidly, coiling itself as it did so, until as muck of it as could be contained in a hat lay at the man's feet. He now grasped the end of it iu his right hand and shook it out in the air, until the whole, length of the cord was undulating before him in a thousand flying curves. Suddenly the movement changed from vertical to horizontal, until tSt seemed as if the cord were weaving itself into a fabric before their eyes ; and in fact, in a wonderfully brief time a mata yard in diameter had been thus manu- factured, which tho man spread out on the floor and seated himself upon it. He lifted his eyes and gazed upward ; and the audience, following his gaze, perceived a scrap of white tissue paper floating down- ward toward him. He held out his finger and the paper rested upon it ; it fluttered there for a moment ; he breathed upon it and it grew rapidly larger ; it was now a white hen, which flapped its wings and clucked. The man, placed it on the floor; it ran about, but finally settled down and immediately laid an egg. . No sooner had it done this than the man seized it by the neck, whirled it around, and it was once more a scrap of white tissue-paper, which floated up and disappeared in the vaulted ceiling. The man took the egg between his fore- finger and thumb, looked attentively at it and put it on the floor again, balancing it on its end. Then, lifting his hand a little, he pointed downward at the apex of the egg. Presently a steam or smoke began to issue from the apex, arising like a vaporous pillar and augmenting in volume until it was several feet in height and girth. It now took on a revolving motion, which became exceedingly rapid, and, it waa seen that it was assuming shape and solidity ; . and, amidst a . general murmur of amazement from the audience, it stood before them as a human figure-a beautiful girl, enveloped in a white robe as soft aa mist. She remained erect and apparently unconscious ot' her environment, her dark eyes were fixed in a gaze of profound ab- straction, as if, just created, she were mar- velling at the mystery of being. ' Am I awake ?' exclaimed Mrs. Vander donde in a cracked voice j ' because, if Ï am, I want to get away. " This is wicked!' ' You have hit upon the true explanation, as I understand it, madam,' said the 'Count, who sat beside her smiling. * This is all illusion. . It doesn't really take place. These jugglers have the facultyof hypnot- ising their audiences just to the right point, so that one imagines one sees all that the juggler wants him to see, and yet remains, in the ordinary sense, awake. But you are not awake : you have been dreaming, and so have we all. Let us see what the next variation will be !' At the same table, on the other side, Sallie was seated. ' Do you mean to tell me that woman is a dream ?' she asked in a low voice. ' I know her.' . ' Probably each parson present sees her with a different face, according to their own nature or mental state,' the Count re- turned. ' But she is nothing but ail-, and will vanish again in a moment.' * She may vanish, but she is flesh and blood,' said Sallie, in the same undertone. 'She is Olympia Raven.. How came she here ? She was not among the guests. Perhaps by way of the magic mirror !' : The count smiled. ' You must askjier yourself,' said he. ' Do you give me leave ?' ' Most, undoubtedly!' Sallie rose at once. The Count also rose and said: ' My friends, Mrs. Harry Trent, whom you all know, declines to (believe that the apparition which our juggler bas produced yonder is not real flesh an blood. She has kindly consented to maW trial of it. I maintain that it is an illußioa only.' " (TO BS CONTINUED* 