MR. STEVENSON'S BALLADS. Mr. Louis Stevenson is a fortunate author who has everybody on his side. Tho publio read him, nnd nro not " bored by his style," as in a famous French example. And yet tho critics praise him. rathor contrary to that habit of intellectual fastidiousness which leads some of them first to crcot an idol, and then treat tho idol ns an Aunt Sally. As a result of this de served and agreeable popularity, it is probable that oven Mr. Stevenson's Ballads will not share tho fato of most poetry. Mr. Stovenson has twice appeared as a minstrel before, onee with tho fairy verses of his Child's Garden, once in Underwoods, a collection of familiar pieces and of poems in Scotch. Now he writes his Ballads (Chntto and Windus) partly on legends of his native, partly on those of his adopted, country. Ho was born a Scot, he has beoomo a Polynesian, and probably ho would not be displeased at the title of a literary beachcomber. Tahiti, Samoa and the Pacifio Islands in general are very wealthy in poetical traditions. The natives have excellent memories for their own myths, in prose aud in verso, founded on fact or founded on fancy. Tho nnmes of the heroes and heroines, indeed, sound strange to English ears, and the manners, in cluding magic and cannibalism, have been out grown by our people for a considerable number of oenturies. The poet tells us about a certain place, that "there was a haunt of Pai," but we confess to ignorance of Pai'H charaoter and history. At ail ovents, Mr. Stevenson's hero, Tamatca, came to a haunt of Pai, nnd there ho found a champion nnmod Rahero, about to cook, but merely provided withanTTp of fish. Now Tamatca «& to tho king. Rohero stole tio lV""r ' <> he "Otter's bite," and covl/ L H basket. So t icking senta man to fete' Tamatca with a club for brin,.;,, lllw-r gift, and there was an onS of ' hEF naturally indignant, set atari L carrying her talo from prince her eloquenco she induced the % tho house of Rnliero " the Vene , , t,, b'"» burning of Blundketil in Mr Wu, 'V 'rC,t: new Saya Library. Rut Rihcro 01!1-'' another saga, escapes from the fire , 13 ruined.and boieaved. By extrnonlii mVi and cunning he slays a fisher fimni co""i5 his wife, who believes ?hat he 1 tT Dead who haunt the coasts. He carries l to the desert "to bear the babes ofakll'4 man," and there tho ballad ends aft„ I Zlln'f ' c?uLI"lS9n"c8 of fecriptiJ " A ballad of Marquesas manners im n isles that Melville celebrated in Omooandl, '' is tho next on tho list. There is , W t '' " and the " ruby oyed " priest is cxpccted"to aw® the victims, as Phrixus and Helli were nS in Iolchos of old. "He ran his lunsic, ,:1 and howled for the flesh of men." ' were two lovers, and tho ladv was of , and marvellously well tattooed, but the 1 with a rather remarkable taste" for tl I S idiom, proclaims himself "a kinlcss loon » " the lovers fled, and the tribe gathered to h„ who the victims might be j "for ih e weIC' empty baskets, but who were to furnish i meat?" In spite of his flight Run. the „ „ returns to his people and is slain, and eaten £ the presence of his lady. The details are s„5 ciontly gruosomo. In Tahiti they do not Ik, only for ohmato and tho affections. IV h ! tho most obvious criticism is that Mr. Stm'n sop could have told his talcs better in but he certainly tells them very well in ht» and readers of Dr. Turner's book ou Samoa d Mariner on tho Tonga islands, 0f Sir C'tor! Grey on New Zealand, will know that there uS plenty more such tales to tell. Somehow \fr Stevenson seems much more himself when'ti comes ("it is a far cry'') to Loch Awe iron Tahiti, and narrates in verse the veiv extraoiu-' nary legend of Ticonderoga. This 44lraw:> story, as Mr. Stovenson calls it, is claims' both by the Oameron9 aud the Campbell. Vt\ Archibald Campbell stands up for his clan it Camerons have a backer in Mr. Alfred .\v/ But, if tho hero was a Cameron, whv did U swear " by my sword and Ben Oruacliiui," wlj-n " Oruachan " is notoriously the gatheiing err if tho Campbells? However it bo, a Cameron or a Campbell was slain by a Stewart, and, wi:i great presence of inind, took sauctuarv ut ;L» hearth of a clansman, Cameron or Campbell, -f the man he had slain. This gallant gunk-mii at once offered hospitality, whoever the »I« man might be. The ghost of bis kinsman -U.vi came to him in the night, asking for veiigeaip, but the living hero would not bieakhis plighul word. The ghost then said to him "Tic-i derogn," which seemed as senseless as "I'imh;. stoke " in the circumstances. So the Campbetl or Cameron went to the wars and in Amain met his own wraith one night, and he learnel from a Red Indian that the place of the wiaiti was called Ticondeioga. So at Ticonderoga eat day he fell in battle- He sleeps in tho place of tho name As it was doomed to be. It is ft fine misty Scotch legend and worthy of Loch Awe. Mr. Ste.venson also tells the tale of the hit Piot, who would not give the secret recipe How ye brew the yill (ail) Frae the heather bell till his own son was slain before his eyes. Thl done, he said, ""Work your worst, torture mistt have wrungthe sccretfrom him, never from me!1 So thoy spared tho veteran. Mr. Stevens:! assumes the Picts to have been dwarfs. Hat of this very Last Pict there is a contradic::ry legend. "\Vheu on his deathbed he heard young men boasting of their strength. ''Si; o me your arm," said the Pict, and they oikrri him a bar of iron. He snapped it and sakb "i good bit gristle, but nothing to the thews of rr.y time." This very legend is told in Greece of its fabled Drakos ; and, if true, it convincingly proves that the Picts were no dwarfs. Probably Mr. Stevenson's native ballads will please native readers best, but they will regard the » asir.ua by work, compared with the stories which t:e author can tell in prose. For the gift of narra tive verso is extremely rare, and the legends cf the South Seas are not very inspiring. So we must say that, as a ballad monger, Mr. Steven son is pioturesque and vigorous, but seated; that he reaches tho level ot the ballads of oj I times, told by simpler art for simple reaasti We never can recapture That first fine careless rapture ; nor can the ballad of Ticonderoga thrill us like that of "Tho Eve of St. John. "-Baity 