THE MYSTERY OPM. FELIX. Br B. LI. J'AK.USON, Author of "Great Porter- Bquai-e," "Miser Farebrotlmr," &o.;, &c.; CHAPTER IV. A ITXCCSSION ABOI-'T KBD CATS AXI> WHIT 2 S.SOW. Ill a tit of terror the oonstablo dropped the lantern, and the oat, utibeen by the oocupants of the kitchen, scuttled away. " If you dau't light the candle," gasped Mrs. Middjetcore, " I shall go off." And she forthwith liroeeeded to demonstrate by soreamine, "O, O, O!" "She's done it, Wigg," said Constable Nightingale. "Strike a light, there's a good fellow, and pick up the lantern. I CAU'C do it myself; I've sot my arms full." Constable VVigg had now recovered his courage, and inspired by jealousy quickly struck a inatoh and lit the candle. Mrs. JVliddlc-more lay oomfortably in the arms of Constable Nightingale, who did not seem anxious to rid himBelf of his burden. Stirred to emulative sympathy Constable Wigg took possession of one of Mrs. Middlemore's hands, and pressed and patted it with a soothing, "There, there, there! What has made you tome over like this * There's nothing to be frightened of, is there, Nightingale?" *' Nothing at all," replied Constable Nightingale, irascibly, for he by no means relished his comrade's insidious attempt feo slide'into Mrs. r Middlemore's affections. " You're better now, ain't yon?" "A little," murmured Mrs. Middlemore, "a very little." - ..:;„... "Takeawp of ibis," said Constsblp-Wigg, ibaiaing a glass to her lips, '"it'll bring you • Ignoring her previous declaration that Bhe . did not " drink sperrits," Mrs, Middlemore <«ipped the glass of -whisky, and continued to •sip, with intermittent shudders, till she had •drained the last drop. Then she summoned •euffioient strength to raise herself languidly from Constable Nightingale's arms, ana look -towards the door. \- "Where's it gone to?" she asked in a trembling voice. " What's become of the 'orrid creature?' . " What horrid creature, my dear ?" enquired Constable Nightingale, winking at his comrade. " The eat! The red eat!" " A red cat!" exclaimed'Constable Nightingale, in a jocular voice; "whoever heard of such a thing? Who ever saw such a thing?" " Why, I did; and you did, too." "Not me," said Constable Nightingale, with another wink at Constable Wigg. "Nor me>," said that officer, following the lead. " Do you mean to tell me you didn't see a oat, and that the cat you sor wasn't red ?" " I saw a oat, yes," said Constable Nightingale, "but not a red 'on ; no, not a red un'. What do you say, Wigg?," • " I say as you says, Nightingale," . "There's lobsters, now," said Constable Nightingale; " we know what colour they are when they're boiled, but we don't boil oats, that <1 know of, and if we did they wouldn't tain. led. Ton learnt natural history when you was at school, Wigg. What did they say aboot red cats?" » " It's against nature," said Constable Wigg, adding with aa unconscious imitation of Macbeth, " there's noeuoh thing." "I must take your word for it," said Mrs. Ifiddfemocet only half oonvinoed," but if ever my eyes deceived me they deceived me just now. If you two gentlemen wasn't here, I'd be ready to take my. oath the oat was red. And now I come to think of it, what made the pur of you ay out as you did ?" *•< t.What inade "ijs cry cut ?"-repeated Con-" \- stable Nigfatiiwale, who, in this discussion,; moved himself imich superior to his brother' Officer in the matter of invention. " It was! twtaMl, that's whatit was, natural. I'm free <o confess Z was a bit startled. First, there's As night—listen to it; it's going on worse than r^er-^aanV tbafc-enough to stame oro? I've • -beenoutin bad nights, but I never remember Mis one-ero UuB. ' Did you, Wigg?" i " Never. If it goes on much longer itH beat that {American blizzard they talked so much of." ->, "That's enough to startle a chap," oontinued Constable Nightingale, "letting alone any- , thing else. But then there was that talk about a spectre cat. £ ain't frightened of much that I know of. Put a man before me, at a dog, or a horee, and I'm ready to tackle Jon, one down and the other come up, or altogether if they like; but when you come to spectres, I ain t ashamed to say I m not up to 'em. It's constitootional, Mrs. Middlemore; I Was that way when I was little. There was a enpboard at home, and pay mother used to say don't you eter open it, Jimmy; there's a ghost iiding behind the door.' I wouldn't nave pat my hand on the knob for untold gold. Itfs the same now. Anything that's abve I ^on't give way to ; -but when it comes to ghosts and spectres, I take a back seat, , and J don't •care who knows it. Then there was that cry for * Help,'-£hat Wigg was spanking of. Then there was the candle going out"—he gave Mrs. Mtfidlemore a nudge aa he referred to this \- incident—"and the sudden opening of the door there. Ijb was all them things together ; that made me cry out; _and if brother Wigg's : got any other explanation to give I sh: Jibe jjbft to hear it." "No, Nightingale," said the prudent and ^onimaginativeiWigR. " I couldn't improve on JKKL t You've - spoke like a man, ana I hope -our good - looking, good-natured landlady is satisfied. \- This complimentary allusion served to dispel Mrs. Middlemore's tears, and in a more oon- \- "tented name of mind she resumed- her seat at \- the table, the oonstablfls following her example: ' "May the present moment," said Constable Nightingale, lifting his glafes, and looking -affectionately at Mrs. Middlemore, "be the -worst of our lives; and here's my regards to JM." • • J •. • : l» . And urine, my good creatuie,'' said Con- ^"Genfcs'botb,"said Mrs. Middlemore, now ^thoroughly restored, " I looks towards yer." Whereupon they <J1 drank, and settled them- .ejpeives oomfortably in their chairs. '^! Whai Wasin that -cupboard,"' asked Mrs. .Hiddlemore, "that your mother told you there «ras aghast inV '"What was in it v.Npw, that shows how a .body may be fnghtened at nothing. I didn't find it out till I was a man, and it was as much a,ghost as X am. But there's a lady present, and rd better not go on." .'."Tea, you mnst," said Mrs. -Middlemore, positively. " You ve.made me that curious that 111 never apeak another word to you if you don't tell me." . "Bather than that should happen I milst let you into the secret, I suppose. But you won't mind me motioning it ?" "Not a bit, Mr. Nightingale. Speak free." " Well, ifyou most know, it was where she kept a spue bustle, and a tat or two of hair, .and some [other little vanities that she didn't want us young "uns to pull about There, tho murder's out, and I wouldn't have mentioned tiie things if you hadn't [been so curious; but \- lfs a privilege of your sex, Mrs. Middlemore, one of lyour amiable weaknesses that we're bound to respect." Mrs. Middlemore laughed, and asked Constaole Wigg what he was thinking of. That worthy had, indeed, pat on his considering cap, as the saying is; he felt that Constable Nightingale was making the running too fast, ana that he should be left hopelessly in the rear unless he made an attempt to assert himself, and to «how that he knew a thing or two. ! "I was thinking of the red cat," he said. 4 1 Wigg," said Constable Nightingale in a tone of reproof, " I'm astonished at you. When everything's been made smooth." "For the.moment, Nightingale, for the moment,' said Constable Wigg, complacently. "But there's by and by to reckon with. It ain't to be expected that Mis. Middlemore can have us always with her, though I'm sure I , should ask for. nothing better. What could a man want better than this ? Outside snow and Mow, inside wine and shine." „. STo.be continued.) 