l,!Tliejatiieal Topiesr •":0a Friday evenlnglast the Columbia Skating Brnk. was the soene of the first oarnival of the .season., About 200 persons were present, and they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Aftef having been, closed. for some, weeks, the Gaiety Theatre was opened on Saturday evening by a burlesque and specialty company under the management of Mr. Percy 8t. John. The' programme presented seemed to give unbounded satisfaction. Tirst came a far oioal oomedy, "Topsy-Turvey,',' in which the -muring up of a baby and a dog and contingent muddles, as.in the faroioal oomedy, - "Oon fusion," were laughably treated by Miss Kosa Towers, Miss Emma Markham, and Messrs. Horton, St. John,.'and Hamilton.- In the epeoiaJty interlude, forming the eeoond part, Miss Lizzie Hastingsmade's hit with horserin oomio songs, whioh were both tuneful and lively, a combination not often found among artistes of this olsss. The season: bids fair to be a most suooessfnl one, and the oompany is well worthy of patronage by theatre-goers. Mr. H. E Abbey, who arrived in Sydney on April 28, by the MaripoBs, will arrange the details for the visit of Medame Sarah- Bern hardt, the world- renowned aotress.. The Mariposa has 3 tons of machinery for use in the production of the drama, " the Gauntry Flair," at,the Opera House, Mai bourne, under the management of Messrs. M'Mahon. A number of the members of the company engaged for its produotion are also The first performance in Australia of Mr. E Rico's famous American Burlesque Oompany in tho play," Evangeline," was given at the Opera House, Melbourne, on Monday, under the management of Meesrs.' M'Mahon. ' Mr. Kioe personally oondnoted. There was a stroogeast, and the whole play was a magnificent spectacle. Tho house was paohed, and Mr. Bios had a splendid reoeption. Our correspondent ,at Sydney wired as follows on Monday: The " Ooreioan Bro there" was pfodurwd at.Her M.jestv't Theatre on Saturday night. There was a splendid house, and tho .rounuUc drama was received with enthusiasm, u'bieb iuoroaeed with every act. The piece was splendidly m; anted, while the mochanioal effects were'very cleverly managed. Mr Rignold soared a ecr-a* success in the dusl role of tV.jcu and Louis do: frauohl, and the rest of tho oast was eaTisfao tori!yvfilIecl; At the Criterion^- fid frtcfqal comedy by Ernest barren, " ModeraWi#e£;" replaced-" The Golonel," and - proved, a great suooess, .and the. week's;.rnn.wtiaK^b'e-piece is to hays shonld be a highly successful one. At , the Theatre Boyal, "London Day by ^Day " has proved ;an immense, draw, and the management annoiinconq change St present.. • At' the Garrick, Mr- 3. S®. Sheridan produced the ' burlesque, "Black-eyed Snsan, Beoon strnoted Dp to Date,", and scored another snc joess The burlesque will probably only rnn I tor a week, when " fan on ths Bristol," with new gags and conge, .will bring a .anocesslnl! season to a oloae. Our Melbourne theatrical budget,- dated on Monday, r is as follows,; At Ah6 theatre Boyal the -Sonny South'-was' -playedt -"oA Saturday, before a large, andienoer- Mr. Geo. Darrell and. Mrs. . Ifarrell sustained tha leading oharaoters. At the Princess "the 11 Old •Guard is drawing good business The School mistress," at the Bijou, retains its popularity. The Dampier season at the Alexandra'con tinues a snccess • Ori-Friday night so'excellent presentation of "As Ton Like It," was given in the presenoo of the Governor, audoirSatur day the " Lyons Conrler"..was,performed bar. fore'a foil hon«e. Dr. Carver, "with his Wild West show, reopened on Sotnrdsy 'at the Friendly Societies' gronh'ds Id# a short season. ' : Mr. J. L. Toole, the popnlar comedian, who retnrned from his Australian tour oh 'Ajiril 7, made.; his re-appearance before a London audi ence on April 23, and was received' with'great enthusiasm. ; •- '"». Miss Minnie Palmer has made, a groat hit in the oharaoter of Nellie Bp&'kle in the: comedy meludrsms, entitled "A Mile a Minute," at Mr. H C. Miner's theatre. New; Zorki :.Ths,.j piece is from the pens of Messrs. Charles 3. Kieinand Joarles CoOte. The former,' by the way, is an Englishman, brother of the musical ] oritio." ... .... Mr. Amory Sullivan (son of Mr. Barry .Sal-, livan) has purchased the"Australian rights of 1 Mr. Henry Arthur Jon-v's v,-rv successful play, "The Dancing Girl," ae played at tho"Hay market Theatre, London. Misc Laura Villiers will lead1 the.coropano, "which will open ill the' Theatre liny a1, Melbourne, in J uly next, node# the anspiees of the Australian Theatric il Man agement Oiaipany. ' The Shakespeare culture is-extending all over the empire, and .tt knowledge of the "greatest Briton's" (as he Is called in Eng land) prinoipal works is now i considered eareiitlai for Qualifying anybody as amember of fairly, good society. The pure dramas enjoy the same p-palarity as the oporas based .upon tb6m. Just dow K'ng Lear," a new opefa hy 1 baddans von Borodziuz, is in Bronn'' in oonrsa of preparation, and the anoient Moravian capital prides ItSelf-ntuohupon being the first in the field. On March 6, the performance of 'thiien's " Ghosts ' was announced at the Independent Theatre, London, and tbo remaibing'perfbrm anoes (-ays the Queen) will take slaoe on April 24, May 29, June 20. and September 11. The repertoire consists of several original'plays by' well known English writers, and translations from Moliere, Lesaing, Tolstoi, Ibsen,' Strlnd berg, Bjornstjerue-BjornsOu/ De Goboonft, Tb. de Banville, W. G. Van Nietrnys, and ^Blelt tren. It is naively stated that"" the*bBjeSt~of the Independent Theatre is to give speoial jperr formanoesoi plays which have a1 literary and a—fi-fln'-—aft,— ft,an a .nmrn.,.!,! Uatua " artistio rather than a oommeroi&l; Value; "The Idler" is a.hugo suooess.-rOnTnesa day evening (writes a London oerrespondontcm Maroh 7) there aero £174 in the St. James's Theatre, whieh has neveronany ooeaaion- held mora than £180.- Success agrees, with: Mr. Chambers. Moreover he has plenty of zarcir fairs. Perhaps tho incident, whioh. delighted the audienoe most on the night of his well earned triamph was tba prsttv littlo bow whioh the young author, after acknowledging the public plaudits, gallantly made to his wife. Bleat poople knew.that the lady in the box to whioh he faoed was Mrs. Chambers, and those who didn't guessed as much from her radiant face. The oheers redoubled. The most Important novelty,of the hut week I (says the European Ifail ot March' 13) has been Mr. Pineiro's new play " Lady ■ Bountiful," ' produced by Mr. Hare at the Garriek. Every thing that cornea from Mr. Pinero's pen excites interest, and everythlng'that Mr. Hare puts On the stage is sure to' have full jnstioe done to' it, and apecial care expended both on the mounting and the oast. "Lady Bountifnl" is no exoep tion. The- acting wse first-rate, the scenery and appointments perfect, and the attention of the audienoe' at onoe - arrested and held throughout — but, notwithstanding, there was an undercurrent of disappoint ment, a " something ' wanting. Mr. Pinero's skill in presenting varied novel and striking characters is as widely acknowledged as is the wit and sparkle of his dialogue/but it is seldom that the framework of his plot is quite eitis faotory. In " Dundy Dick," for instance, the charaoterisatibu and the dialogue were those cf comedy, the plot that of an illTOonstrnoted fares; in " Sweet Lavender " probability was,gained, at the expense of vigour and interest, -and-oven in the "Profligate " a really good and striking plot was marred by a feeble and unsatiifaotory ..n.lnnnn Tn " T.litV titill " the Weak eonolnsion. In "Lady Bountiful".the weak spot lies iu'tho same direotiou, the construction is loose, the notion straggling, and there is an ahsenoe of that dominating motive that shonid form tho baokbonoof every good plo-.. The play is, however, well worth seeing. As far as theatrical matters are concerned, there is full reciprocity between the mother country and her Australasian colonies (says a Loudon correspondent.).- All our best com panies now visi' the antipodes as regularly as the British provinces. Mr. Toole in on bis way homo. Tho Gaiety Company; will, go out ou April 14 in tho Lnsitania. On the other hand, Australian aotors sua actresses swarm in Lon don, aod a colonist looking into the Adelpbi. D.armstetvr'H, or on> of the other pieces where '.be ;>rofrs.-i"o '1 • most congregate might bo certain of meeting friends. Mira Dlgby, the French lady, who roamed in New Zealand,. and! ' '$£|$ i'Mevet impersonation of "the" TrenW _ Prrhoees Eatherine is yet.remembered in;Melfe<5io;>3. botjnle/ie here.- So is Hies Ida HerberVpW* ing in "New Latnpador.Old.".■ Soare fir. -.." Paige, Air.. Cole Aspinall, and ahost of others. r, ;c Mr. Olyndee, last, bat not'Ieaat, baa jhst i • madebis first appearancein'Iiondonalter.hia two years! stay in Australia at the Standard, . . i r.; • where he had a big reception as Tom Bobinson in Charles. Bead's " It's Never Too,Xafat»': Mend.!' For eoroe reason not cosy to eiplain_ the Australian scenes of the piece always seem lacking in fatereat," bat intha prison scene St; lIW wfif Glyndes Was ait his very beet, and displayed much true pathos,. In the provinces Jlise.Amy,..,. Sherwin is still rinniug golden opihions^nnd^. j , ,,£ hertMargberita, is orne of the great featdim of the Oarl Boss " Qarm8n'! Opera Company.",o 