gUKffflttg |Uto0. FIRST DAY ALIULT SCHOOL WOBK.—Mr. W. J. Sayce, a member of the Society of Friends, delivered an addresB in the Y.M.C.A. Parlour on Friday evening on the above subject. Mr. Walter Birks occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer. Mr. Sayoe stated that the scholars in England are mostly of the artisan class, being tfcoae who attend no plaoe of worship, and often before joining ^luch given to drink. There was a membership in England in connection with the Society of Friends Adult Schools of 23,000. In Birmingham alone there were 4,000, and in connection with other Christian bodies 6,000. The schools were entirely undenominational, subjects of Chnrch polity and doctrine being avoided. The classes were conversational. One of the Bcholars opened the subject and the others talked it over, the teacher simply holding the reins of the class. The Bible was the only text-book, no other books being used except hymn-books. Glasses began with half an hour of writing—copying out portions of Scripture. In connection with the schools were libraries, Savings Banks, and Sick Clubs. In the schools there was no distinction between employer and employed, a strong feeling of brotherhood underlying all the work. 'Nearly all the schools were held on Sunday morning, beginning from 7.30 to 8.30t and "lasting usually two hours. Other meetings wena held, but they were all chiefly carried on by the scholars themselves. "CFLITRCH BAZAAR, MITCHAM.—A bazaar was ,%eld id ihf) Institute, Mitsham, on Friday, October 16, in ^ the Mitcham Wesleyan •Church to liquidate the debt oti building.. The Rev. D. S. Wylie, in asking Mrs. George Wilcox to open the bazaar, said that she had consented to do so in a most cheerful manner. Mrs. Wilcox said she hoped that the fair would be a euocess, and had great pleasure in declaring it open. A vote of thanks saving been passed to Mrs. Wiloox, the National Anthem was sung, and stallholders set to work. Good business was done, in spite of the tain which fell during the day. There \- was a large attendance. An inspection of the various stalls showed that great puns had •teen taken in their arrangement, and the promoters are to be congratulated on the extensive 4ad choice collection of goods offered for sale. The following is a list of the stalls:— Fanoy, Mesdames Gault, Taylor, Misses S. Barron and Moore,- plain, Mesdames Wood, Atwell, Baine, ana Miss Marsh; flower, Misses Barron, Burgess, and Melviri; provision, Miss F. Marsh; refreshments, Mesdames Makeham, Tunsell, and Storrie, and Misses Marsh and Atwell; sweets, Mrs. Thornton - and Miss Gartrell; fishpond and Christmas tree, Misses Secombe, Wakeham, and Tredrea. The attractions included a musfium, consisting of automata, electrical exhibits, machinery in motion, and microscopic demonstrations, and a luminous ghost (an entirely new production by Dr. A. H. Gault), and a shootixurgallery, all of which were well patronised. The hall was tastefully decorated with flags, and the scene was very pretty. Afternoon tea was served on the stage and a coffee sapper. Instrumental music was pro- " vided during the afternoon, and in the evening a capital concert was held. The bazaar will be Continued to-day, and may be expeoted to "draw." SOOTH ACSTBAUAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. —lite annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Association were concluded on Friday. In the morning the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., read an exceedingly able paper at a ministers' meeting held in Flinders-street Chnrch Classroom upon " Personal Character, or the Man behind the Minister." The paper was much appreciated. Several questions were asked by die ministers and answered by Mr. HTH- Testimony was borne as to the helpfulness and power of Mr. Hill's public ministrations during his visit, - and he was wished a ~ hearty farewelL In the evening the usual youngpBople's service was held in the Flindersstreet Church, and notwithstanding theconnterattnotion of the 1,000 children's concert and the unpropitious weather there was a very " large gathering, representatives being present from Flinders-street, Tynte-street, North Adelaide, Norwood, Semaphore, Parkside, Magill, Alberton, Goodwood, Carronduwn, Hilton, Soothwa&, Mitcham, and Glen Osmond. Mr. J. Viner Smith, the newly elected Vice- President of the Association, presided over the meeting, and delivered an address upon the importance of Sunday-school work. Miss .Bessie Rendall sapg a solo entitled "The Beautiful City," and was followed by the Rev. W. £. Rice, who addressed the children upon ""Trusting Jesus." A quartet was then rendered by Misses Chard and Edwards and Messrs. Hubbard and Jackman, of Parkside Sunday-school, entitled "They that wait upon the Lord." A recitation was given by Mr. J. H. Sinclair entitled "Heroes. TheFlinders- -street choir sang an anthem, and then Mr. J. J. Virgo spoke upon " Confessing Christ," and the meeting was closed with 'singing and the benediction. Praise is due to the Rev. A. E. Green, who had the responsibility of management'and the arrangements, which were happier carried out. \- ASKIYEBSABIES.—Services in commemoration of the anniversaries of the following will be held to-morrow:—Kent Town Methodist, Kensington Bible Christian, Parkside Baptist, and Bentham-street Christian Churches, and College Park Congregational and TJnley Wesleyan Sunday-schools. 