The inhabitants of the Western dis trict, and more particularly of Hamil ton and its neighborhood, are to be congratulated on the excellent pros- pects of their just opened Juvenile In dustrial Exhibition. In most of its essential features it resembles the one which was so successful in Ballarat a few months since, and is, therefore, something much more and much better than a mere show. For while, in these affairs, there is much to interest and amuse the casual visitor who seeks for nothing further, they . form to the enquiring mind technical and practical object lessons of the highest value. Their results, from a social point of view, are easily estimated, and, from a financial one, as easily ascertained. But the prac tical knowledge which they dissemi nate, the impulses to a higher order of things which they evoke, and the stimulus which they give to inventive or adaptive faculties, form an unknown quantity which is undoubtedly im portant, yet which is perhaps too little taken into account. In this connection it is enough to say that our Western friends have earned a big success, upon which we heartily congratulate them, and which, as we think,.they deserve. At the inaugural banquet, on Fri day, the most prominent feature was an address from the Premier, Mr Munro. In any case semi-official deliverances from the head of the Government naturally command attention, but the interest was heightened in the present case by a variety of contingent facts and circumstances. It was expected, for instance, that Mr Munro would have something to say about the finan cial difficulties which have be.set his Cabinet, something possibly about the railway troubles, and perhaps also about the much canvassed prospects of a premature Parliamentary dissolution. As to the first, Mr Munro frankly told his audience that when his Excel lency asked him to form a Govern ment he knew very well that, if he succeeded, he would at the same time enter upon a financial difficulty of no ordinary degree. He knew that one source of pleasure and- of political power, that of distributing money with a free band to conciliate constituen cies, was denied to him. He seems, however, to have not known that, besides succeeding to an empty Trea sury, he was inheriting engagements to spend more money during the then next two years. His first financial problem & was, therefore, to make tilings even, with a falling revenue on the one hand, and the impossibility of adequately reducing expenditure on the other. He did what, in such cir cumstances, was the right and honest thing to do, explained the situation to Parliament, and pointed out that all but the most urgent and unavoidable claims upon the Treasury would have to be denied. Further than this, he instituted retrenchment wherever the possibility for it appeared to him, but still endeavored to loyally carry out the policy to which his predecessors had committed themselves, the unfulfilled portion of which de volved upon him and his colleagues. To do this with a depleted revenue, and an ominous tightening of the money market in London, was neither ’an easy nor a thankful task. Previous Treasurers, if they got or were getting into a tight place, could easily persuade Parliament to authorise more borrow ing, and, in the meanwhile, resort to the injurious but now happily dis credited system of recoups. It is possible that Mr Monro might have made-things look a great deal better if he had gone as far as his opportunities permitted in this direction. His very candid analysis of our financial posi tion soon after taking office may have had something to do with the increasing shyness of the British money lender. Still we had lived in a financial fool’s paradise all too long, and we may thank Mr Monro for bringing us down to solid earth again. He, at least, is of opinion that we have touched bottom, and may take a more hopeful view of the colony’s financial position. In - discussing the reason for the marked depression in Australian bonded securities, he expressed the belief that it was not due altogether to our extravagant expenditure of money previously borrowed, nor to even the general position of the colonies with respect to their national debts, but was attributable rather to the position of the financiers themselves. For one thing the great financial syndicates had, of late, been more tempted by .South American than by Australian securities, because the, former offered heavy discounts and high rates of- in terest. Asa natural result of a too eager regard for present profits, many of these speculators came to grief, or, in the’ words of Mr Munro, “ burned their fingers.” In addition to this, there was a boom in Australian de bentures, under the influence of which London syndicates bought very largely at rates which did not permit of present re-sale at a profit. This was the case long since, but these very syndicates could hardly allow fresh loans to fall much below par, as, had they done soi they would have also depreciated tlieir own bonds. The only thing to do was to discourage in every way the issue of fresh loans, and that they have been doing this long while past, as most of the colonies have discovered. All this showed the need of caution in both borrowing and spending. Apart from this there was every hope of better times. The excess of nearly a million sterling of expenditure over income in two years working of the Railway De partment had to be very seriously con sidered. He hoped the Amending Railway Bill would roach the Council next (this) week. Mr Munro con cluded with a general defence of the attitude of the Government towards the political questions of the day, and took credit for good work done and to be done before the close of the session. There was not much doing in the mining world last week. The mines were quiet as regards news concerning operations, and the business in the way of exchanging shares was anything but extensive. Good news was received from the Grand Duke mine, to the effect that the shaft had bottomed on 6 oz 7 dwt of gold, thus showing that the right spot for putting down the shaft had been chosen. £1 Is was offered for shares, without meeting with a response. The Sulie man Pasha reports concerning the appearance of the mine are, satisfac tory, notwithstanding that the yield is not quite so good as that of the pre vious fortnight. Shares have fallen off slightly in price, 9s 9d being the last quotation for sales. The Star of the East Company have come forward with another excellent yield, just about the same as that for the previous terra. Shares are in fair favor, and sold at from £lO to £lO 2s fid. Midas Ho. 1 were enquired for and changed hands fairly freely during the week, the ruling figure being 2s 3d, which had very slight variations. Dowling Forest Ho. 1 sold at lls and 10s fid, and closed with buyers at the former figure. They are not a stock that are dealt in very much, being generally too well held. The Chalks’ group did not attract so much attention as during the previous week, though a few exchanges were effected. Hapier Freeholds held their own at 6s 9d and 7s, and Llanberris Ho. 1 changed hands at up to 4s 9d, ultimately reced ing to 4s 3d. Stewart’s Freehold and Cruikshank’s claimed a good amount of attention, the former selling at Is 4d to Is 2d, and the latter at 3s Id to 3s 3d. A few other stocks were also dealt in at current rates. ’ Tha consecration of St. Patrick’s Cathedral was performed yesterday in the presence of 12 prelate", a large number of clergy and distinguished members of the laity, and crowded congregations; Pontifical High Mass was celebrated in the morning by Dr Moore, Bishop, of Ballarat, and Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, preached an able dialectical sermon. In the evening Dr Redwood, Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z., preached an eloquent sermon on “ Faith.” In-the afternoon a dinner was held at Holy Ghost College, at which all the prelates and other distinguished visitors were present. The music at each service was magnificent. A report of the proceedings at the various functions will be found elsewhere in The Star. The large and representative attendance at the funeral of the Hon. George Young, M.L.C., yesterday, was telling evidence of the esteem in which the deceased was held, as well as of the regret felt at the loss of so worthy a citizen and so able a member of Parliament. The Ministry was represented by the Hon. J. G. Duffy, Postmaster- General; the legislative Council by the Hons, Messrs Ham, Morey, Wynne, and Fitzgerald; and the Assembly by the Hons. Walter Madden, D. M. Davies, and Messrs Kirton, Uren, and Tuthill. A large number of members of local councils, as well ns representative gentlemen, were also present. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev, Mr M’Nair, of Geelong, in place of the Rev. Mr Cairns, who was absent officiating for Mr M’ftair. The pall bearers were the Hons. Messrs Morey, Ham, Wynne, and Madden, and Messrs J. P. Murray, Morrison, and W. Anderson. It may be well to mention that, at request of deceased, there were no plumes. The funeral was conducted by Mr C. Morris. General Booth was interviewed on Friday, after the meeting at the City Hal), by a number of gentlemen who sought to ascer tain his intentions with regard to “Army” processions in Ballarat after the late poll on the subject. The general regarded the poll as unfair, as the issue was not, he said, clearly put. He did not wish to go against the authorities, but the Army had its work to do and was going to do it. They had not yet made up their minds but would consult their friends as to what steps should be taken. To-day will be a holiday at the bank", being the anniversary of the assembling of the first Victorian Parliament. The holiday will not extend to the Government offices or law courts. There is (says our Melbourne correspon dent) a story afloat just now to the effect that the passage of the Legal Professions Amalgamation Bill is likely, in fact, certain, to bring about the retirement from politics of one of our moat brilliant Parliamentarians. Mr .Alfred Deakin is said to be negotiating just now with one of the largest legal firms in Melbourne Jor a partnership under the terms of which he will undertake the court work entrusted to the firm. Asa special pleader, especially when juries are con cerned, it need hardly be said that Mr Deakin will be without a rival, while his legal attainments are said to be more than respectable, although he has never actively practised his profession. Should, as is toler ably certain, the scheme come off, ' while Parliament will lose very -considerably, Mr Deakin will benefit largely, as his talents and eloquence will at once command a large in come. An old man named Henry Beard, 60 years of age, attempted to commit suicide yester day afternoon by cutting his throat with a knife. Beard inflicted a couple of ugly gashes, but nnthing of a dangerous nature. Ho was taken to the Hospital by Mounted, constable Powell, where the wounds were sewn up, and he was placed in the accident ward. The adjourned meeting of the executive committee of the Painters’ Union was held at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday night; Mr Needham in the chair. There was a full attendance. The meeting was held for the purpose of dealing with the reply from the master painters regarding the minimum rate of pay. The secretary reported that he hod received a communication from the employers as follows; —“20| II 191. To the secretary Ballarat Painters’ Union.—Dear sir, —At a meeting of the undersigned, master paiuters, held on the 20th inst., it was unanimously decided that we shall strictly adhere to the principle of freedom of contract.—-We re main, yours &o.;, —J. DONALDSON, J. VV. Bubtton, Thos. R. Baird and Cos., Alex ander Edward, A. Ruddock, W., W. Tweedale, Geo. H. Ludbrook, Kut and Smith, John K. White, Albert E. Slack, J. G- Merlin. Josiah T. Martin, Bush and Sheppard, Thos. Lyons ”, The members ex pressed regret at the tone of the letter, which, they considered. Was only an attempt to shelve the question at .issue. After careful consideration, the following resolu tion was unanimously carried :—“ That this meeting considers that the answer as given by the employers is’ very unsatisfactory, in asmuch as it is not dealing with the question of wages, but is a menace to the principles of unionism.” The following resolution was also carried :—“ That this executive recom mend to the general meeting the advisability of at once takiog active steps to enforce the minimum rate of wages, as adopted by the union." The meeting then closed. A special meeting of the union will be held at the Trades’ Hall to- night, to deal with the recommendation of the committee, and to decide on the course of action to be taken. His Honor Mr Justice A’Bpckett has post poned the next sittings of the Supreme Court at Ballarat from the 3:d to the 4th Decem ber. There was a very large attendance at tire People’s meeting at the Alfred flail on Saturday night, when a first-class musical and literary entertainment was given by the members of the Magpie Wesleyan choir. The -Rev. C. Mason delivered an able ad dress on the evil effects of alcohol, physi cally, mentally, and morally.' ■ He appealed to his hearer", particularly the young men, to embrace the principles of temperance. He expressed a hope that the people of Bal larat would continue to work in the good cause with unceasing energy. Special men tion was made of the announcement regard lug what'was spoken of as the collapse of the local option decision at Maryborough, but it was thought that the Cabinet would take steps by which the poll would be made valid. The meeting closed with the doxology. The City Council meet this afternoon at the usual time, 2 30. At the Town Police Court on Saturday morning Michael Neylau, licensee of the Shamrock hotel, was fined £5 for having his bar door open during prohibited hours. John Williams, for vagrancy, was sent to gaol for six mouths. Plain-clothes Con stable M’Pherson proceeded against Joseph Tinworth on a charge of using obscene language. As the defendant stated that he had.used the language under provocation, and when in an excited state, and offered to contribute £1 to the pnor-box, the charge was withdrawn. Nine persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. Messrs Curtis and Murphy, J’a.P., presided. The weekly sailing match under the auspices nf the Ballarat Yacht Club came off on Saturday at the lake. Five boats started, aud the event was won by the Viola, with the Flying Scud second and the R-porter third. This was the first event for a club trophy. To-day’s time table for the matriculation examination, to be held at the School of Mines, in connection with the Melbourne University, is. as follows;—9 30 to 11.30, French (pass); 9.30 to 12.30, French (honors); 230 to 4.30, English (pass); 2.30 to 5 30, English (honors). A man named Thomas Owen, a laborer, was arrested in Bridge street on Saturday even ing by Constable Serpell on a charge of insulting behavior. Four inebriates were in the Town lock-up last night. The Rev. W. Hewitson, B.A, Presby terian minister, of Brunswick, addressed the scholars of the Lydiard street Wesleyan senior Sunday-school yesterday afternoon. The rev. gentleman, who was a former scholar of the school, is visiting this city in connection with the anniversary of the Rbenezer Presbyterian Sunday-school. Mr Hewitson referred in feeling terms to some of the members nf the school who bad, since his departure, been removed by death, and had left behind them the bright memories of uohle characters. He also spoke highly of the labors of his former teachers, Mr Chas. Holmes and the Rev. W. Presley, and the late father of the present superintendent nf the school. Mr Hewitson was welcomed by many of the teachers and senior scholars with whom be whs formerly associated. Messrs Shaw and Pearce, J’s.P., attended at the City Police Court ou Saturday, and dealt with four inebriates. The fortnightly meeting of the local branch of the Boiler makers and Ironship Builders’ Society of Victoria was held at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday; Mr J. Miller, president, in the chair, Mr M’Millan sub mitted a detailed account of the dispute at present existing in Melbourne and explained the point at issue. The members approved of the action of the Melbourne branch, and decided to render assistance if required. A large amount of routine business having been transacted and accounts passed for pay ment the meeting closed, - The R.M.S. Ballarat arrived at Albany from Colombo at 5 n.m. yesterday, and sailed for Adelaide at 8.15 a.m. To-night’s lecture on “ Music,” in the Mining Exchange, by-Professor Marshall Hall, concludes a successful season of ex tension lectures. The final lecture on “ Music” will doubtless be of greater in terest than most of its predecessors, espe cially as Professor Marshall Hall will again have the valuable assistance nf Mrs William Little as musical illustrator of the lecture. Alfred Adamson, a young man residing in Pleasant street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a fractured collar-bone, erased by a fall. The many friends of the late Mr Ell’s Richards will learn with regret of the death of his eldest daughter Jennie, who expired on Saturday morning, after an illness of four months. Miss Richards was well known for her unassuming and generous disposition. The funeral will leave the residence of her mother, “Gaerwcn,” Drummond street south, at 4 o'clock this afternoon. A meeting of the Eureka street Band of Hope washeld onTliursday evening last in the schoolroom, for the purpose of reorganising the band. There was a very good attendance, and a first-class programme of songs and recitations was carried out by a number of the members, after which light refreshments were partaken of. The band numbers over 30 members, and promises to develop into a strong and active temperance organisation. The election of officers for the ensuing term resulted as follows:—President, Rev. C. Mason; superintendent, Mr W. H. Car penter; treasurer, Mr Greenway; secretary, Mr W. H. Membrey. The meeting closed with the singing of the doxology. The Hamilton and Western District Juve nile Industrial Exhibition was opened on Friday by the Premier, Mr Munro, who met with a very cordial reception. The ex hibition itself is’a moat creditable one, the art section being remarkable good. The Premier, at the customary banquet, made a general defence of the Ministerial position, which was well received. A special exhibi tion train leaves Ballarat for Hamilton on Friday. We have pleasure to record another suc cess for our local boys. .Mr J. J. M‘Cowan, an old of the Scotch College and an articled clerk of the firm of Cuthbert and Cos., the well-known solicitors, having suc ceeded in passing at the recent final law examination. This will entitle him to be admitted in: due course » member of the amalgamated professions. It is all the more creditable to Mr M’Gowan in having passed so severe a testi as only a very small number succeeded, and we wish him orery success in his profession. Tite Ballarat Fire Brigade will celebrate its 35th anniversary to-night by holding a social at the Brigade hall. Avery large number of visitors from sister brigades are expected to be present. Another old and highly-respected resident (writes our Linton correspondent), of up wards of a quarter of a century, has heen taken from our midst, in the person of Mrs Jane Commons, relict of tho late Mr Robert Commons. The deceased was a most exemplary woman, and will be greatly missed by a large circle of friends and neighbors. She leaves a grown up family to mourn her loss. The difficulty which has arisen in carrying out the decision of the ratepayers of Mary borough at the late local option poll, to re duce the number of pubiichnuses in the borough by 12, has been considered by the Attorney-General. Matters had gone so far that a sitting of the arbiters had been held to bear evidence upon the question of com pensation being given to licensees of houses to be closed when the two arbiters repre senting the publicans withdrew by resigna tion. It was then found that proceedings could not be continued, because there is nn machinery in the Act to provide for the fill ing of an arbiter’s position in the event of bis resignation. Mr Shiels having conferred with the Crown solicitor, Mr E. J. D. Guinness, has decided (says the Agt) to remedy the flaw in the Act by introducing as soon ns: possible this session a short Amending Licensing Bill, wherein the pro visions of the Criminal Law Procedure Statute, which prescribes reappointment of arbiters in certain cases in the event of death or failure to act, shall be applied to the Local option clauses of the Licensing Act. Mr: Shiels also proposes to insert a clause dealing with what is called collusive resignations of arbiters. The Moonta miners have received a cheque from the Miners’ Association at Broken Bill for £5OO, with a promise of a remittance <>f the levies fortnightly. The. Broken Hill as sociation also assured the men on strike of their warmest sympathy, and said that un less the miners could obtain more favorable terms it would be better to keep the mines shut down. A statement has been published that, acting on the advice of the Crown Law department, the Under-Secretary has re cently advised an electoral registrar to issue electors’ rights to certain persons whom he has found to be on the ratepayers’ roll on an undertaking being given by them that they would not exercise the franchise as ratepayers. Tho secretary for the Crown Law department wishes it to be stated (says the Agt) that no such recommendation had been made to the Under-Secretary, and that, as a matter of fact, they hare not been consulted in the matter. The justifica tion set up by the persons who applied for the rights was that they had forfeited their qualification as ratepayers, and, therefore, sought to become voters by manhood suffrage. Mr Peterkin, one of the pioneers of the Murchison goldfield, states that the the gold already obtained there is about £20.000. He says that lie has dollied out of the stone over 40 oz in one day. In three days he once got 93 nz. Ho confirms the reports previously received with regard to the wonderful richness of the reefs. Mr Krugher, the manager of the Vic torian Farmers’ Loan and Ag»ncy Company, Donald, when addressing those present at a recent banquet said that wheat would not go below 4s 3d this year, and that present appearances were indicative of an excellent harvest. At Warracknabeal it was antici pated 400,000 bags would be received. The All-England Eleven, under the cap taincy of Mr W. G. Grace, will make their first appearance in Victoria on Friday next, 2?th hist., when they will be opposed by an eleven of this colony. The match will take place on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and the team to represent Victoria will he chosen on Monday next. The South Australian wheat harvest is in full swing in several distr'ets, but the results are, on the whole, discouraging. It is not expected that the average yield will exceed four bushels, and there is much that will not be worth the reaping at all. 