NOTES AND EVENlS. A Revision Court will sit at Colac on Friday, 20th February, for the purpose of revising the list of ratepaying electors and the general list for the Corangamite. Beeac, and Weering divisions of the electoral district of Polwarth. The local potato market remains in a state of inactivity, and the highest quota 'tions for prime samples do not exceed £2. Large consignments continue to be received almost every day, either at the Larpent or Colac stations, but the low rates ruling in Melbonrne for tubers of the finest quality has caused considerable stagnation. A further decline in prices is anticipated. Another old resident of the district has passed away. Mr James Donnan, who for the palt 24 years has resided at Yeo, died at his residence on Sunday, at the ad vanced age of 74 years. The deceased was highly respected, his quiet, unassuming demeanour winning him many friends. Mr Donnan met with an accident some time back, receiving a severe fall from a load of wood. He sustained internal in juries therefrom, and this, combined with old age, were the means of bringing about his demise. His death, therefore, was .not altogether unexpected. His remains will be interred in the Colac cemetery to- day (Tuesday), the funeral being timed to leave his late residence at 12 o'clock. James Johnston, who still remains in bed in the Ballarat gaol, was not so well on Sunday (writes the Courier) but Dr Jordan does not consider his condition serious. He was very sullen in his demeanor, and, during the day was very restless, and at times refused to take any nourishment. Johnston's name was called at the City Police Court on Saturday, morning, but a certificate was read from Dr Jordan to the effect that he was too ill to appear, and he was further remanded. Messrs. Armstrong, Howe and Co., station agents, of Geelong, report having leased by tender, on account of the Executors of the late Mr. Andrew Murray, of Wool Wool, 923 acres of his Holmchase estate, known as Woods' paddock, situated at the Larpent, to Mr. T. C. Murray, of Warrions, at a satisfactory price. Mr Cockerill, proprietor of the Ditehley Park Hotel, Beech Forest, was fortunate enough last week to find under the lable on a bottle of Wolfe's schnapps an order for £1. It will be remembered that on a previous occasion he became the possessor of a .£5 order, which he found secreted somewhere on a bottle of Smuggler's whisky. The following amongst other subsidies to municipalities have been made available by Order-in-Council: - Colac Shire-To assist in clearing and improving the roads in the forest south of Colac £500, the Council to expend .2500 additional; Winchelsea Shire-To assist in improving roads in Coast riding (forest country) £300, the Council to expend £300 additional. Yesterday morning at about three o'clock a goods train ran through Mrs. Pelley's gates at the crossing in Church Street. No notice had been given of the train, and Mrs. Pelley, as usual, shut the gates across the permanent way, the result being that they were smashed. Particulars of the Holy Ghost College at Ballarat will be found in our advertising columns. This institution has an extremely creditable record, the pupils presented for matriculation, &c.; being able to hold their own with those from other schools and colleges throughout the colony. The curriculum includes all classes of instruc tion, from the ordinary elementary course to the highest standard of education. The college, which is situated in the healthiest and most picturesque spot in Ballarat, is conducted by the&Society; of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, who have been specially trained for this avocation. Parentse and others who intend sending their boys away to a school or college of this kind ehould give the institution named a.trial.. Mr Ball, of Gellibrand River, is taking up the dairying pursuit, and intends shortly going in for it very extensively. He has had built an immense cowshed, partitioned off into stalls, and it is a very convenient building. He anticipates a good profit from his proposed venture, and there is no reason to think otherwise, con sidering the exceptional advantages con nected with the place. The second of the series of recitals will be held in the Wesleyan Church, Colac, on Thursday evening next, when a good programme of sacred music will be given, including several new anthems by the choir, assisted by Mr. Nelson's orchestra. The admission is by a silver coin, and as a good attendance is expected, it will be necessary to come early to secure seats. Sports ar. to be held at the Gellibrand River on Easter Monday. A good pro gramme of events will be drawn up at a meeting to be held shortly, and it is antici pated that it will attract a good number of entries from district pedestrians. The ground intended to be used for the occasion is a paddock belonging to Mr Ball, which is well suited for.the purpose. The applications of the following for leases have been approved :-A. Dunse, 72a 2r 24p, parish of Bambra; Wm Brammer, 319a, lr 39p. parish of Barra munga; Duncan Ross, 48a 1r 30p, parish of Warrambine. The young. man, John M'Sullen, on uhom an operation was .performed for a severe form of rupture at the hospital, suc cumbed tohisinjuries yesterday. He never rallied since, his. admission to the in stitution, and gradually sinking, died as r stated. The deceased, who was 35 years of age, was unmarried. Work was resumed yesterday at the ( Convent and ordinary day schools. In the course of an able address to the congrega tion at St. Mary's, on Sunday, Father Nelan exhorted parents to send their children to school more. regularly during the coming year than they did in the past, in order to gain fulladvantage of the system of education placed attheir disposal. The annual clearing sale of live stock on the Minjah Estate, near Caramut. will take place on Thursday next, Messrs Hepburn, Dowling and Crawford being the auc tioneers. The stock consists of a grand line of 24,300 crossbred and merino sheep, horses and cattle, the lot being in good condition. The Presbyterian Bible Class met as usual on Friday evening, and there was a very large attendance of members. The. subject on the" syllabus was the " Ten Virgins," by Miss H. Butcher. The paper was a neat one, and as a first effort deserves more than passing praise. The explanatory portion was very clear, and the whole showed careful attention to the subject. Mr J. M. Smith then ex plained that the subject should be dealt with by question and answer, and even tually read his commentary upon same. Much animation was evident at the meet ing, and a good deal of useful information and pleasure was derived from the opinions expressed. The subject for next Friday will be " The Life of Samuel," by Mr D' I Un-nn The following applications for leases have been revoked :-John T. Lempriere, 801 acres, parish of Krambruk; Chas. Henry Martell, 240 acres, parish of Aire. The applications of the following for transfer of leasehold has been sanctioned : -A. Farrell to Charles Farrell, 272 acres, parish of Wyelangta. The tender of Mr. V. E. Telford for alterations, repairs, painting, etc., to signal station, Cape Otway, for the sum of .£198 has been accepted. The following grazing area will be available for application on or before Friday, 20th February :-Allotment F. containing 312 acres, parish of Krambruk. The undermentioned grazing area, pre viously. authorised, has been withdrawn from application :-Block 25, 987 acres, parish of Kaanglang. * Mr. G. B. Turner, dental surgeon, of Melbourne, will visit Colac professionally on Friday next, January 30, when he may be consulted at Mr. G. F. Turner's, Murray Street. Messrs A. A. Williams and Co, announce that they intend holding auction sales of the remainder of their salvage . stock. Further particulars will appear in our next issue. If young men who are courting desire to have a little more of the company of the "only one " whose presence is such a joy to them, they should by a small expenditure enable their "adored creature" to save one-half the time spent in darning and scrubbing. The Cresent Patent Darner 2s; The Easy Scrubber is 6d, are appliances which render those delightful occupations a close approach to bliss. They also suit married women's requirements equally well, and allow more time for other work. Sole agent for Colac, A. E.; RoosEs s, Late Matthews and Roberts. IRVINE's G?cRT WESBTER VINEYAn. Pure dry matured Clarets and Hocks, awarded Gold Medal Paris Exhibition and Champion Prize Melbourne Show 1889. Bulk and bottle wine supplied direct from Svineyard, Great Western or Melbourne Depot, Collins Street West. 