,, .latrobe .tabernacle; :/;'./ «, Thursday was a red letter day for Baptists at Latrobe, as the memorial stone of their tabernacle was laid in the presence of an assembly that, if not large, was certainly representative, as there were many residents of Devonport, Sassafras, and other places, present. The building, the memorial stone of which was laid, has been under construction for some months past, is of brick, and the nave is 53ft x 32ft, inside measurement, the vestry being 28ft x 18ft, and when finally completed there will be seating accommodation for 250 persons, or- -300 with the building crowded. The contractor is Mr W. Gadsby, and the work, so far as an unpro- leK-i'innl eve. can judge, has licen well and ; lio'v don". : Tlte , proceonines in eonnoC' ' Hon Willi -tlio "Opening ceremonies com-1 iiiuiieit'l with the' " Old Hnri'li'ctli.V: ivluclii wo', Iieai'lily aling liV'tlio«e gatli reil round . 'I lion, 1'ii/t or JVallon.Tettd n |iassngo ifrnni .-"I'lplnr , and 'led in prayer". Tins was ') ilo.lo'M'd hv- .the;, hymn; n " 0, God- "of ! B ih 'l.'t : — Pastor . Chamhurlain t lion : n 1(1 r//H"o' t he assemblage;- and sniil. iis i( ! wm richer late/ for tlie laving : (if tlie I \- 1 > ii'lnt inn slontg /us tlio -ivnlls -were op. i I iniv lit) I callel it -n iiitMnoi:i!il.,Htnne,: ; IIe. wns. oi'ii-eil that lliev would aoon liavo n1 leiililiiig ni tlieir own to worship in. It- iviiRiiKiwiiiliout;', live years .since, 'a /Baptist elerc voinii slarled in - Lutrobe, nii'l lliov l:nd iv.iiteil. patiently, for. tlint /In y.' IIc ii'osleil lioil , wilinn tliosc; walls, (lie 'iiiaiii . olj.iel wiiiilil/ lio tlio preaching 'of the; go-pel ol Christ -to sinners, iliut tliey. nuglit. Iiu - iiplilied iind.e.livij.,'-' : He / lind-'-'-mnch. pleasiii e in. wulcomiiig : one-, so well-known - to ilieiii, ai)>Mr J'./T. tSoiiioly, tlio trensnrer: of tliu Baptist / Union of Tasmania. " lie then presented Mr Sonndy. with i; heaiilifnl silver Irowclirangrayed anil-in-enbed,;witli a mallet, unit that gonlleititinFnpnn the lowei tng-ofi tliq stone. into :its/placo;: said — " I declare this' stonu 'well and ..truly: laid-' ' ami iiutv it bu.tn tliu lionor iiml; gtory of 6ml and His Kingdom.,1— Pnstor'Clinmhoi'- luin, in n lu'iof : address, . nskod all lo givo of their lioiioly .towards it fund-; for tliu furuisliing-'iof tlio; liuililing : and "improve- oieiila. iirmind. : : Ho Milan Haoli (hut ' tlie:' huildiiig itself was tlio'innnifieent gift: of' Mr Gibson, of bcono.— tlio: Rev T: /J/' \\\ Into (Weslevnn). next made a: few ro- 1 murks, tuid liuarlily, eongriitulated 'tltoso present oil llio siieeosslpl issue /of /lheii'- lalior in. the LonPa. eli uao, and'- hoped' "lie . work would go on, and on, and overran: — . Pastor Weed - i Acttngi'iit nlatcd " ! "I lis tor Cliamtiei'liiin and Ins -band of cn/wnrkers,: an. t lie. forvoiitlyj lioijoil , tlie, liui)dingwoitl(l:; lu'cotno flireo tilings— a-, lionso of; -inerey, 1 Reiliasiln a Ratlilem. anil liousa of broad ; a Bethel, a limine - of' merer."'— 'Tlio meniori il atone -is a liamlnomo hloek, and Ill-urn tlio following inscription-'— ' Tills/ sioiiu wns laid liv J. T. Soiimly, Esq, Celober 15, 1891." .'iliu 'colieetinii.tukutij itp'oa tlio Hlona'iealised ahtMit £18-' In tlio evening a tea mealing wim 'bold in tlio i .Odilfellowid Hull,- when a splendid spread was provided,' and ample justice was done llierolo nv tlie: largo manner present. Among tlio indies i .who were particularly kind In looking after t-iie. wantrti-ot all and sundry were t Mesdumea Fiirimln, Lewia, Collatt, Mi.'Gniro, and M isscs'Dick nml Walklev.' — A pulilie niHiiting was nfterwiirdH.lield in the same liiiilding, Mr J. T. Suunilv in the eliair. Numerous livmns were sung, nnd the Rev T. G. W hite, addressed the meet ing. He said lie was pleased to lie- present, nnd to see that siieli nn inlerusl : was being taken in (lie work of God. He hetiuved tliey had mot there To advance the interests of the kingdom nf God. lie- urged nlJ llie tneei.tisrs uf Uio cliureli tlmt ' day erected to stand by their niinisiei'. Iiu would lilco iliein In folly realise that : l hoy were co- workers tor God. and would: like to impress upon them tho necessity of standing Iiy I heir minister in ull temporal llnngs. God had given lliem in Tasmania a goodly heritage, and if tliev withheld from God His dues, bow could He bless litem, and open the windowa and poar: down Ilia blcasing upon them. lie ihiiuked God for -the priviiego or prayer, and tlie knowledge that where two' or Hioro galhered together in His numn their requests would ho grunted. II« urged all present lo lot their prayers go up to leaven to nssitt their preacher. Tlio' (Iinri'lies7->vaiit"rl . earnest |irayors fc til" iinstived, and every loan or woman had the privilege ol thus tinliiisr i.i. :t!ui 7 gro it cause. — Pastor Bunton hrieflv. eti'lorseil the .-remark of the previous spo/ker.— Pastor Walton relerred tq tho.iiieniliesn::: of the Gibnnn fiitnily in. craeting so mnnv clinri-lies. He spoko earnestly. lor n Itles- sing on Pastor Chamlierhiin s miiiMtrv. and trusted the congregitlion would r'tminti united. jIIu naked .all;:wlio bad not /lone, so do, give; illieir." heurta-. .to Christ, : whore, tlioy. would find penoc, and .- life, nnd joy, and, -above-: nil, not i to ho- .nalininoiLraf : Christ, and the principles hud down m the Great: Book. , Ho- asked .them all/ to -lie hold for Christ. -loving, cnrnoRt, and sincere; and trust Ihat-Goil would bless their work'. — Tiutor.-Wnod ulso addressed tlio in, 'Cl ing, and gave some graphic descriptions of the wonderful scones lie had. witnessed at fllio '-recent-convention in' Gue.iong, jind lie Iriisted the- little, /band of, workers in La- trnhe woilhl ho earnest, und tlmt they vonhl ohtain tlin /power, of the IIolv Ghost.— Pnator Chamberlain, said /tie was thankful to God! for the success Unit had attended their efforts tint duv. and shortly after tlio meeting closed.—' Tito procoeda for tliu day nnieuiiluil to aver; £28.' ' 