CONVICT DAYS VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES. {ALJ. NIGHTS RESERVED.] No. G. THE GHOST OF DEAMIAU's ISLE. It has been said that Brilish history is euahrined in Westminster Abbey and Saint | Pauls. The great men, who sleep beneath their marble tablets in these venerable! structures, are intellectual stepping atones, : which lead the student along the road oi | knowledge. A burial ground, under any circumstances —whether in the twilight gloom of Gothio architecture, or under the tropical sun in il limitable deserts—must always possess a history more or lass important. What strange and pathetically true stories oould be written of almost any cemetery, "V: but there are somo that stand out, Mont ... ih'Blanc-like, above the common-place God’s \- -Acres in the interest which attaohes to them. ■ ' One of such is Daadman’s Isle—the cemetery of'Port Arthur prieon. The small isle is appropriately named, and ■ the beauty o£ the spot oould not be surpassed anywhere in the world. It floats like an oasis in Port Arthur, a short distance from the shore. All around the giant cliffs seem , to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of " the frequently storm- tossed Southern Ocean. Standing on the beach of Port Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him. the spectator cannot help contrasting t_he emerald gem, with its beauty and peaco, with the rugged aspect of both nature and humanity at his back. Since 1831 Headman’s Iele has been tho prison burial place, and many 3trange chapters could be written, regarding those who have there found their last resting place on earth. Tho grave has closed over j many a human tiger, and instances are not wanting where innooent men have met a felon’s ignominious end, uud been laid on the j islet. It is a convict Westminster Abbey, and though one has to rend a life’s history by a number, and not by a name, the prison re cords are ample to do so. During the latter half of 1S31, this island ‘ \- cemetery, then boasting of very few mounds indeed, was the scene of s-weird event, and one which for six months fairly puzzled tho convict authorities at Hcbarf Town and Port Arthur. Under the title of the Ghost ■ of Deadman’s Isle, this extraordinary chronicle will be told. On the 13th of March, lS10,at the Lecd’s assizes, a man, who gave his name as Robert •Panlold, and his age a3 thirty-five, was charged with inoiiing a mutiny on the high seas. He had been an able seaman, and possessed great influence over his ship mates. The vessel ha was on board was ostensibly a small merchantman, but in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling Bpirits, tobaoco and various other articles from France and Holland to England. The captain was a bounceable rcffiaD.and though be was amaBsing a fortune by liis illicit prao tiejs, the seamen, who ran most risk, got little for their trouble. Penfold was particularly obnoxious to the skipper, but ns he was able to read end write (qualifications not to be despised in the be ginning of the century), and was sIbo a good Beaman, Captain Tremayne used him in his various transactions, and concealed his dislike. The men were no lovers of the captain, and at last they decided to put him ashore on a return.voyage and run awey with the lugger. Penfold to be leader. Treachery discovered the plot to Tremayne, and he speedily denounced Tenfold to the authorities. By a judioioris system of pre sents to influential people around Hull, the captain had for years succeeded in quietly carrying on bis smuggling operations, and this influence stood him m good need when the trial of Penfold came cff. The wily skipper had got most of the crew on bis side, by insisting that Tenfold alone was re sponsible for the intended mutiny, and three of them gave evidence against him. The result of the trial was that the Bailor was sentenced to transportation to Van Pieman’s land “for the term oi his natural life.” In the beginning of 1S11 he reached Eisdon (Hobart Town afterwards), and started h?3 hopeless servitude. For a weary eighteen years he worked in misery at the oonvict settlement, but on the morning o! the 22sd of April, 1829, lie was found to be missing. No opc had the slightest idea of how he escaped, but ireaobery wss suspected, as, without help from an official, it was impossible that the '• . “ lifer ” could have got away in so mysterious a manner. The gaol employees wero most ' carefully examined, but no blame could be brought home to them. The usual routine of the penal siation had been slightly disturbed a week previously, by the arrival of a convict ship with a large number of transportece, and this fact must have aided Fenfold in his escape. The usual perfunotory search was made for him, but without success, and as time roiled on and he did not return to Hobart Town, it was generally concluded that ho had perished in the inhospitable forests, in which lie would Bcek shelter from his pursuers. Some few persons thought that Tenfold might have escaped by sea in a friendly whaler, but, dead or alive, ho was not again seen at Hobart Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon took his number, The growing population of free people in Hobart Town suggested the necessity of re moving the oonvict prisoD, and Governor Arthur, shortly after tho escape of Penfold, took steps to do so, selecting Tasman’s Peninsula as tho most suitable place to erect the. new gaol of Port Arthur. The eonstrue •- ... tion of such a nextensive prison occupied a \- - considerable time, but at the end of 1833 it • . was ready for occupation, and henceforward was the great convict centreed,Van Pieman’s Land. xvsf ; The mortality amongst tiii prisoners from ordinary Bickness was very high, and with the executions and the ordinary death rate of the guards, the cemetery of Deadmau’s Isle was speedily put into use. The islet had been frequently vfcited by excursionists from Hobart Town and others, so that the prison authorities regarded it as a matter of course that it should not appear as an uninhabited island. Almost daily the prison officials visited the place, and the establishment of the gaol on the peninsula had the effect of bringing a greatly Inereased passenger traffic to Port Arthur. A daily service between it and Hobart Town was instituted, but now that the lovely islet had been set apart for burial purposes few persons landed on it, unless they had business to perform. Cemeteries ate not the most cheerful places, and when one gets the reputation of being haunted, when it is broadly stated that one or mote of the defunct residents in the Silent City have taken a notion to “walk,” it is still more \- avoided. During the month of September, 1831. such an awesome reputation was beginning to at taoh itself to Headman’s Iele. It was whis* pered around that a ghost had been seen there, and superstitious people shook their beads in a knowing manner, bb they asked was it any wonder that such a dread spot Should ba haunted. Already thirteen graves were on the isle, of which eleven were those of murdorers, who had been banged for tbeir crimes, and one of the remaining three was that of the blackest villian who had ever been formed in the shape of man. He was burglar, mur derer and cannibal, bat he bad escaped the gallowB by dying by his own hand. It must be this suicide (Engelhaidt), whose nnquiet spirit wandered occasionally on the mor tuary island, so thought many of those who . believed in the supernatural. " The first rumor that a spirit had its abode on the islet, was started by a queer circum stance that happened on the evening of the Sib September. It appears that Corporal Hefiernan, with three privates, went to the cemetery on that date for the purpose of dig* giog a grave, as an execution was to^take place next morniDg. It waB a mere whim of the party to dig the grave at night. It was a bright moonlight eveniog, and the corporal fancied that it would be more pleasant to do the work under the beams of the moon than to wait for the rising buh, and he obtained permission to carry out his wish. The Epot where they had to dig the tomb of a then living man was on the south- east side of the isle, and close to the beaob. This was the most exposed part, BDd the unoeasing action of the ocean had worn the cliffs into strange and fantastic shapes. _ . The four men began their work with nmny a oruel jest regarding it, and the ultimate fate of the death-doomed man, for whom it was intended, when Hefiernan, who wae standing with a shovelin his hand, suddenly uttered a Btifled exclamation of terrified sur prise, as he pointed, with outstretched arms, in the direction of the rock oloeu to them. Hie companions’ gaze followed the direc tion lie pointed, and there in front of them, standing apparently on the edge of the cliff, was the clearly outlined figure of a man, but not such a man as any the corporal and hie comrades knew. He must surely belong to a prehistoric day. To that time when the Bible says l! there were giants in ttaoBe days, ’ for he appeared to them as the Brobdignag did to Gulliver. . This must bo a human monster they looked on, for it was, at least, thirty feet high, and gigantio in proportion. Ilcffernan. was as brawl as most- men—indeed, braver than most, for .he was considered'the dare-devil of his regiment—but this colossal apparition altogether unnerved him.- For the-life of him he could not take his eyeB away from the figure, but as he and the eoldiers looked it seemed gradually to become fainter and fainter, and at last it vanished completely. “Merciful God,” said the corporal, as he wiped the perspiration from his face, “ that was nothing mortal. I oould eee the stars shining through it3 body.” “ So did I. Hadn’t we batter get baok. I’m not fit to work to-night,” answered a soldier. . ,. .. . They were ail of the same mind in that respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly sus ceptible to superstitious fear. He willohaige a battery of artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but aBk him to stay a night in a haunted house, and he will refuse in terror. Hefiernan and his comradcB, with many a frightened glance baokward, soon reached their boat, and were speedily at the gaol, ; where they told of their strange adven I ture. l Next morning they accompanied the superintendent to the spot where they had j seen the apparition, but there was not the least sign to show that either a material or an ethcrial body had been there. In faot, if Hefiernan bad observed what be stated, it i must have been a phantom, for no human | being could have stood in suoh a plaoe, as it was simply a precipice where two oliffa had been rent, or worn in twain. The soldiers were badly rallied by their comrades on their faoulty of second sight, but all the jokes they listened to did not shake their belief that a ghost had shown it self to them. Eight daye afterwards their story received a strong corroboration, which caused the authorities to take et6ps to eluci date the myBtery. On the loih of September, Lieutenant French, with two other eub-oflicers, went out in a boat from Port Arthur to fish. The afternoon was remarkably fine, and as they met with luck, they did not take notioe of the (light of time. It was after midnight ae they rowed into Port Arthur, and as they floated under the shadow of Headman’s Isle they decided to “ make a night of it,” by continuing their piscatory purenit. They stopped almost under the Bhadow of the south- eastern cliffs, and continued their fish ing. The moon had only risen half-an- hour perviously, bat it was already throwing a soft light around. The night woe unusually calm, and the sea seemed phospherised by 'the myriads ol fish which were darling about. I Lieutenant French was looking, in a elc-epy way, at the shafts of greenish light that tho motion of the fish produced, when, happening to raise bis eyes to the tinted cliffs, ho was* startled to Bee the gigantio figure that had so frightened Corporal Hef iernan and his companions eight days before. It was undoubtedly the form of a man, bnt undeniably not material, for objects oculd be sesn clearly through it. The three officers looked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each saw it distinctly, so that it could not be the result oi disordered imagination. French, though awestruok, was not snper etitions, and, whispering to his companions, he seized an oar, and pulled towards the o!iff to obtain a better view. The figure re mained motionless as they approached, and the lieutenant was able to see that a long beard fell from its chin. Tbe dress, as well ns he oould judge, was tbe same ae that worn by the ordiuary settlers, and the ghost did not appear—if these outward signs might be depended on—to bo that of a convict. In faot, the appearance—with long, ap parently white, beard, and peculiar- looking clothing—might wall have passed as a gigantic Druid priest; and the surrounding caves and obaams and awe-striking precipices would have been a fitting dwelling-place tor exponents of that most cruel and mysterious creed that was once the great national reli gion of the Ancient Britons; and the colossal figure would have been a splendid specimen of one of their highest high priests in his robes of office. As tbe officers looked, with strained eyeB, the phantom gradually receded, and vanished as it had previously done. “There is sorao mystery here,” spoke French, in a low voice. “ I don’t believe in ghosts, yet that figure njust be supernatural. I suppose we will be laughed at, tbe same as Hefiernan and bis fellows b&ve; been, when we tell what we have seen, but the three of us could not be mistaken, and I will make a full report of it to the superintendent as soon aB we land.” “ What can it be?” asked one of bis com panions, with a slight shiver. “ Ever since I came to thiB cursed land I have been seeing and hearing enough to make a man’s blood run cold. It’s bad enough to be attending bangings DDd floggings nearly every day, bnt this supernatural mystery is worse than ten years of that work.” “I think we ought to make for the settle ment,” replied tbe third officer. “ If we Stay here, we may have a return of onr unwelcome visitant.” This was readily agreed to, and within balf-an-hocr they were admitted to tbe outer prison-yard, where they eaw Corporal Hef fernan on duty. They acquainted that personage of the incident that had befallen them, and then the soldier broke the grave silence with the following sage observa tion : “Gentlemen, it’s a ghoBt, sure enough. Jt’e no use saying there ain’t no eeoh things. I’ve heard the Banshee ory myself, and my father (God rest his sonl) once eaw a ghost in the churchyard of Malahide. It'll con tinue to wander until it’s ‘ laid,’ or until the secret it possesses is found out by some mcons.” “ Laid," eohoed French. “ IIow oan it be ‘laid’?” >■ it’s only a holy man that can do that same, sir,” oniwered tbe corporal, eenten tionsly. The probability of finding a “ holy man ” at l’ort Arthur wbb bo very remote, that the lieutenant and hie comrades, with a slight emile on their lips at the soldier’s aredulity, loft him for their quarters, feeling tbat the shade would probably wander for a long time, if Heffernan’e panacea was tbe only one that would quieten the perturbed spirit, and yet the mystery was to be solved in. a few dayB. " Laying the Phantom ” will be the title of next week’s Convict Chronicles. It will con tinue the strange mystery of the “ Ghost of Deadman’s Isle,” and will give some strange and startling revelations of a unique charac ter. 