%uhst tic. WHEN WE WERE BOYS. JO JOHK DLLLON—IN KEMOEY OF AHXIOUS TBABS AND GLOBIOUB HOPES. CHAPTER xxxyill.—(Continued.) BR WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. IT would be superfluous to tell what that provocative little observation ended in. ill I know is that the soldier received a not altogether mortal wound on the cheek from a small hand, and a young lady with tell-tale cheeks said to jjm: ' Come, your blandishments will be much more safely employed upon countyelectors. Upon my word, I don't well know what you are expected to do ; but,' she added, demurely, ' I fancy. Mabel thinks that, when all the great and strong are against poor Ken, it can be no harm to have one steadfast English heart for him. I wonder why it is, but somehow or other I could never think of my being on the beaten side while you are near me. I do believe you could beat the whole British army single-handed. S top, sir!' she cried, in some alarm, drawing back. ' Please remember you are only being employed as a friendly^giant for the rescue of our Prince Prettyman. Poor Ken! Poor boy !' 'Confound it, Georgey, Mabel and you. make a fellow envy Rohan his chance of being hanged. It seems to be the only way to a woman's heart ia this extraordinary country of yours. What if I try myself f • You'd better not, : sir!' she cried, with an affected gaiety; but immediately burst into tears and shook with terror in such a whole-souled, irresistible passion of trembling love, that the Guardsman felt obliged to reassure her as to the nearness of her friendly giant. ' But,' she said, looking up presently out of her radiant tears,' short of that, you will go and win the county for Mabel's sake, won't youP—and for mineP' ' I will go and make a fool oi myself to the utmost extent of my capacity,' he said; and that very night he was installed in Mat Murrin's wagonette, blowing the key-bugle through the glens with the solemn conscientiousness with which he discharged every duty of life; sharing with the utmost gusto the rashers and eggs and strong waters of Mat's wild bivouacs; volunteering to head raids for the rescue of terrorised bodies of tenantry from their escorts of hussars; charming all the women by his honest, clumsy, tender ways, and presently to his amazement finding that even the men were roused to as much enthusiasm by his few short, sharp, downright, volley- of-musketry-like sentences as by Mat Murrin's own soaring soul-flights and honeyed brogue. In the Glascock camp these wild doings were only a subject of derision. In the Drumshaughlin Club the geoer&l; conclusion was that youDg Neville was off his head. Mr. Flibbert had reliable private information that it was liquor. CHAPTER THE THIRTY-NINTH. ME. HANS HABMAN TAKES BIS LEAVE. THE nine o'clock train from Sling's Cross had gone off northwards into the night, leaving one passenger behind on the platform at Flowerdale, a wayside station in Primroseshire, remarkable for nothing except the garlands of monthly roses and cotoniasters, in which it seemed to be the whole duty of the local railway staff (o keep the station-master's house en wreathed. Even this one attracted at Flowerdale was lost to the traveller, for the night was pitchy dark ; nor, judging by the quick, feverish movements of the figure in the heavy ulster overcoat, would the floral decorations have interested him any the more if the sun had been shining. The station-master, from whom he inquired the exact hour at which the last up-train that stopped at Flowerdale was due, and who was strangely struck by his wild lbok and J agttated walk, concluded that he was probably waiting to commit suicide under the wheels of the up express. The station-master, being a man who was himself as happy as a big sunflower, had the strongest objections to suicide, and especially strong objections to the rolling-Btock of the company being used for that purpose; but he did not exactly see how he was to interrogate the gentleman as to hiB intentions without some overt act than walking up and down this deserted platform in the dark by him- self; and at 1 this particular moment the pleasant odour ofj Mrs. Station- masters' slim-cake and the tinkle of many young station-masterkins' laughter reached -him through the fire-litwindows of his bower of _ roses, the station- master came to believe that his duty to the company and to society would be discharged by ensconcing himself opposite his wife aid her tea-kettle at his own fireside, until at all events it was time to look out for the red glims of the up express. The stranger was left alone on the platform with the bleak whistling wind and two shivering gaslights which threatened every minute to go off in a consumption. He had ascertained from the stationmaster that the up express did not usually stop at Flowerdale, but would be stopped by signal to- night, word having been just received that some of the house-party at The Meads — The Marquis of Asphodel's place (who was lord of the manor) a few miles away— were going to London. ' Precisely. Then it is true!' he muttered to himself, turning away with an ill-smothered oath, which confirmed the station-master's theory that the Evil Spirit was at work within the sombre folds of the ulster. The gaslights, if they had energy enough left to see his face as he stalked up and down during 'that awful hour and a half of waiting, would have received a fright that must have finally put out their sickly lives. What a ridiculous thing it i3 to talk of the passionless impartiality of the exact sciences! It was an hour and thirtyfour minutes precisely that the stationmaster and the station-masterkins spent romping together in the firelight; on the most undoubted evidence of horology it was only the same hour and thirtyfour minutes precisely that the stranger spent pacing up and down by the deathbed of the consumptive gaslights; yet who will vouch that they were tbe same periods of time ? So far as there is anything real at all in this world of shadows, the station-master had only passed through a flash of glowing firelight, while the stranger had been enduring eternities of torments. ' It's not going to be a mash-up on the metals, after all,' the station-master observed to himself with much content, on returning to tho platform and seeing the ulster still doing its dismal sentry-go. ' Yon goods that passed from Blytchley while ago would have done the business for him as well as the express, if 'twas bone crushing he was after. I am glad Where's the use of people trespassing ou the company's preimises to do away with theirselves ? I do abominate them inquestB.' And the good, honest sunflower of a man forgot all about the stranger to look after his own signals. The sound of wheels on the road outside suddenly caught the stranger's ears. He concealed himself in the rustic porch of the station-house while the coach from The Meads drew up, with its heavy trunks overhead ; and a lady and gentleman descended. They brushed past him, the lady closely muffled; passed on to the platform, ana into the tiny waiting-room. Presently the man returned to see the luggage disembarked, and to buy the tickets from the station-master at the little square illuminated wicket he had just opened in the gloom. The stranger watched him with eyes that seemed to burn like lamps in his lurking-place. The man threw back the thick fur collar of his coat. The light fell on a small, pallid, nervous-looking face, with small eyes feverishly excited, and white hands that trembled as they fingered the bank notes. It was Lord Amaranth's vicious young face and rickety figure. The two eyes that watched him were terrible as gleaming knives there in the dark behind him. He was inquiring what delay there would be in London before the Paris express would leave Victoria, and the station-master fumbled clumsily in an old Bradshaw's Guide for the information. Then Lord Amaranth returned to the coach, and slipping a piece of gold into the coachman's hand, despatched him. Something between a sigh of relief and a crow of triumph escaped between his sharp white teeth; the train was coming up; humming the chorus of the music-hall song of the hour, he turned to re-enter the station. The door was closed, and a tall, dark figure barred the way. A flash from the station-master's lantern gave Lord Amar&rtth; a moment's glimpse of the stranger's strong face and terrible eyes. * Sold, by God!—sold!' cried the depraved young scoundrel, staggering back as if he had received a blow. , 'You cursed cub—you miserable little devil!' hissed the tall man in the ulster, catching him by the throat until the young lad's small, weak eyes were starting from their sockets. The station was on i high embankment, towards which the road wound up steeply, the wall alone standing between them and a chasm, at the bottom of which weltered a dark pool under its treacherous green coat of slime. As lightly as if it was a small puppy dog he held by the throat, the tall man whisked Lord Amaranth's quivering figure into the air, and hurled it with all his force over the wall down the embankment. ' Take that—damn you!' he cried, as he saw the helpless body bump down the! slope, and heard a deep groan of agony from the bottom. The train had arrived. The stranger hurried to the waiting-room. The lady of the closely-muffled face was standing up when he entered. With a cry of deadly terror, she sank to her knees and crouched abjectly in a corner, holding out her hands before her face as if her treble black veil was not enough to hide it from that awful apparition. ' Horace !' she cried. ' Oh, my God!' Her voice quivered with the anguish of a damned soul. ' Come along, madam. The train is waiting. Come along!' said Horace Westropp, in a deep, hollow voice, and seizing her hand with a grip which seemed to be of red-hot steel, half led, half dragged her, more dead than alive, into the railway carriage, where she fell in a terror- stricken heap upon the floor. ' I am not going to hurt you,' he said, in harsh, pitiless tones, as the express moved off. ' It will be punishment enough for you to travel to London with me—with your son.' Of course, Horace Westropp did not think it necessary to acquaint his miserable old father, moping away his time by his daughter's bedside at Clanlaurance Castle, with the particulars of the night encounter with the vile young scamp he had left moaning in the slime at Flowerdale. The particulars remained a mystery, even to Captain Plynlymmon, who had arranged the whole affair. It was he who, offended by Lady Drum's repeated slights, and—who knows P— honestly indignant at the injury meditated towards his old club-chum, Ralph Westropp, by that incorrigible brat, Amaranth, dived into all the secrets of the intended flight, and took the fast train to London that morning to put Horace in possession of. them. Of course Plynlymmon, who could no more have got through his day without hot gossip than through his dinner without his favourite Indian mango relish, entertained his club friends with discreet hints of the goingson at The Meads; and equally, of course, Mortlake's charitable comment, accompanied by one of his biting laughs, was— ' After all, where is the difference between a young scamp and an old one P It was only last May Lottie slapped Amaranth's face publicly in the row for dawdling about Lady Drum; and en revanche they say Lottie and old Drum shaughlin—serve the wretched old beggar right, say I!' But, beyond hearing that Horace Westropp and his mother had left for Italy, and that Lord Amaranth had been brought home to The Meads at an advanced hour of the night on a shutter, and with a broken leg, even Plynlymmon failed to ascertain the exact details of the curtain-Scene in the drama, of which he had been the stage-manager. And the Asphodels, for their part, were only too grateful for the broken leg which kept their worthy son out of a famous prize-fight then pending, and left him stretched on a sofa at The Meads, at the mercy of the soft blandishments of Miss Euysdael. In a week the Chrysanthemum Club was in the midst of the prize-fight, and had forgotten all abbut Drumshauglins. I have mentioned that Horace was the only one of her children whom Lady Drumshaughlin loved with amother's love. She how quailed like a depraved child under his stern eye. She had concealed during all her married life the fact of her being a Catholic; it was she herself who now proposed to retire for life into a house of retreat of the White Penitents in the Milanese, of which her eldest sister was one of the religious directors; and thither she was now speeding with as much penitence as an utterly wretched, crushed, and loveless heart could separate from a sense of guilty disappointment. 'My mother/ wrote Horace WeBtropp, 'for reasonfc of which I approve, has determined to withdraw into an Italian cbnvent on the borders of her own country, and I do not know that Mabel need be informed of any,more upon the subject.' The miseritfle old man who read these words groaned with the consciousness that, if there Was any convent of Black Penitents dark enough to cover his own head, he would be more fittingly employed in following his wife's example than in reprehending her for whatever ugliness lurked between the lines of Horace's blunt letter. Hi 8 self-satisfaction had deserted him as utterly as his hair-idye. He felt himself in soul as in 4>ody a decrepit, wrinkled, festering tiring. Poor Harry's gentle ghost rose at-Mm out of the stone vault, and oUt «f his weak blue eyes spoke reproofs more intolerable than fell on the ears of Sling Richard in his tent the night before tbe battle. Even as to Mabel:—and s thousand times a day he desperately assured himself that he had truly loved Mabel, at all events, and that Mabel loved him—even Mabel's wan face and fading beauty seemed to be his murderous handiwork. Hans Harman'e villainy was unmasked, it was true, and the estate was saved; but was Herman so very much worse a villain than himself, though in a different line f and, as to the estate management itself, the more Joshua Neville's keen eye brought it to light, the more Lord Drumshaughlin heard the still small voice of neglected duties, and felt that, among his tenantry, as in his family, he had flung away treasurers of honest affection and welldoing for French cookery and unhealthy slumbers. Day by day, Joshua Neville thought he could almost see Lord Drumshaughlin's cheeks fall in, and his hair deepen from grey to white, And as the last touch of satire upon fashionable ambition, the post one of those mornings, while the county elections were pending, brought a note , 1 from John Jelliland, in which the Chief Secretary casually mentioned that Her Majesty had been graciously pleased to include Lord Drumshaughlin in the new batch of peers under the title of Earl of Puddlestone in the peerage of Great Britain. ' I wish Her Majesty had been graciously pleased to let ime die like the miserable dog that I am,' he said, dejectedly, ' or to confer her title upon you, Neville, who have done something better in the world than sponging on it.' Joshua Neville was too truthful a man to deny that unfortunate Lord Drumshaughlin had given a pretty just estimate of his function in the world, as disclosed by the state accounts. ' Pooh 1' he said, good humouredly, * I would no more know what to do with a title than with a suit of mail. You are to the manner born, and as to Mifts Mabel—I beg her pardon, Lady Mabel—if Her Majesty had been graciously pleased to abdicate her throne in her favour, aLM can say is, I don't believe the most dutiful subjeots of the House of Hanover would be likely to rebel against their new sovereign., (To be continued,) 