THE C1M CSSSS (By the Author of "Edith Lindsay.") CHAPTER XXXIII. — VICTOR GAL- BRAITH'S CHILD. CHART BR XXXIV. -THE BAPTISM OF TEARS, CHAPTER XXXV. — G ERTRUDE BE COMES AN HEIRESS. CHAPTER XXXVL — THE SECOND LOVER. CHAPTER XXXVII. — " WHEN HE COMES HOME." CHAPTER XXXVIII.— HOMBURG. CHAP TER XXXIX.— COMING HOME. CHAPTER XL. — A QUIET DINNER PARTY AT IIEATHERD.4LE. CHAPTER X'LI.— "CAN YOU BLAME ME?" CHAPTER XL1I.— THE PROPHECY IS FULFILLED. CHAPTER XLIII. — THE CRIMSON CROSS. CHAPTER XXXI.— Continued. "I could not sit down on the.kerb- Btone to rest,1' she thought, pressing her hand to her side, " but the gates of God's house are open to all. Nobody will see rue if I creep in here to rest for a few minutes." A man standing at the doorway, with a knot of white ribbons in his button-hole, looked hard at her as she entered, but lie made no movement to detain her, and slipping out of the broad aisle as soon as possible she sank down into a' crimson-cushioned pew, where the -gold and amber lights of a Gothic window played fitfully upon her face. ' xiie mere act or repose acrea on nor wearied senses like a cordial, and after a moment or two of grateful quiot, With lier head bowed on the carved edge of the nest seat beyond, she looked up once more with something like curiosity at the brilliantly-dressed throng in the church, and the 'white, glittering group at the altar. "It is a wedding," she. thought. And all a woman's natural ' interest in the contemplation of such a cere monial throbbed upwards in her heart as she leaned a little forward t6 get a bettor look at the wliite-robed brides maids and the veil-draped figure in the centre, whose orago blossoms and tube-roses scented all the building- Even as she looked the organ struck Hp a peal of triumphant music, as if all sweet sounds and harmonies were clapping their hands in unison. There was an instantaneous stir and turning of heads towards the broad aisle, and the bridal party began to move from tho altar. Does the woman exist who can look npon a bride, with the glory of bride- hood newly descended on the her head, without a tender, sympathetic emotion ? Gertrude was no exception to this general rule, and she half rose in her seat to see the fuir face under the snowy chaplct of buds and blossoms. Eor it was very fair, with delicate pink shadows on the cheeks, and long black eyelashes drooping over the beautiful eyes, while the jet-black hair, looped back with 'trails of white flowers, was artistically arranged by no unskilful hand. Pearls shone whitely .around her slender throat, and the "dress of some corded silk, banded with satin, and knotted up hero and there with clasps of pearls, made a soft, rustling sound over tlio velvet carpet as she walked. "How pretty she is !" thought Gertrude, instinctively drawing in her breath as tho lovely picture advanced. And with a not unnatural impulse her next glance was towards the bridegroom, whose tall, stately figure maue so appropriate a contrast to tne petite beauty of the girl he had just vowed to " love and cherish " until death. She sprang to her feet with a low, sobbing sound, which was a half gasp, half hysterical breatli — the bridegroom was her own husband, Victor Gal- braith ! " Am I dreaming ?" she asked her self, looking wildly around. " Is the de'usion of the dreadful fever still upon me ?" And then, touching the lace-trimmed sleeve of an elegantly-dressed lady who sat in the pew beyond, she whis pered " Tell uie, please — are they mar ried 1" The lady turned haughtily towards the pale, ehabbily-dressed girl, as if not r-'j pleased at the interrup tion. " C ssurso they are." Gertrude's first impulsowas to spring forward through the crowd, and, fling ing herself in front of Victor Gal- braith,. charge him with the foulest and basest of crimes — to push the fair young bride aside and boldly claim as her own, and hers alone, the place at Victor's side. He, her wedded hus band, to dare unite himself with another— to thus set the laws alike of heaven and man at defiance 1 She crowded herself down a side aisle, heedless of whom sho jostled, careless of indignant glances or critical remark — sho must reach tho church door before tlio bridal party did. There, in the sacred shadow of the sanctuary, she would claim her own, 'and dispossess an impostor of her fan cied empire. But when sho stood, panting and brcatiiiess, beneath tho heavily- arched ornaments which 'overhung the wide doorway, almost face to faco with Victor Galbraith, the courage ebbed out of her heart, and tho strength deserted her trembling limbs. She opened her white lips trying to gasp out tho words, "My husband!" But no audible sound issued thbre- from. Sho would fain have hurried forward to throw herself in his path way, but she could not niovo any more than ono in tho dreaded bonds of a nightmare 1 And tho inilk-whito garments of Victor Galbraith's second wife rustled against tho - very .skirts of tho t.t'iiA wifr firwl rS-nrhriirlA rrmM mnlrA " " 7 7 — no sound," utter no word of warning, asshe stood there, white and trembling, and motionless. But, -chancing to look towards his right hand as he neared the church door, Victor Galbraithsuddenly started and grew pale. Aurora fql t the movement of the arm upon wnich her own gloved hiyid rested, aud looked inquiringly up. "Nothing, darling 1" Victor whis pered, replying toher glance, "nothing! I thought for an instant that I saw a familiar face j but I was mistaken.'' The second glance hud revealed nothing but a black-draped figure, cowering in tho shadow of a flowcr- Wreathed column, while a fat ktdy, in gold spectacles, with scarlet cactuses nodding on the edge of her black velvet hat, occupied the space his imagination had filled an instant ago with a face oyer which the peaceful snpws had woven'. their 'frozen, shrouds weeks ago. Epr he had fancied — what an absurd idea— in the one second of his hallu cination/that the ghost of the beauti ful girl he had wooed and wou amongst tho Highland hills and gorges . had risen up on this, his wedding day to cast a blight over the future opening so brightly before him. Pshaw ! that was over and gone ; not all tho years of delay and outward mourning which the ' most rigid custom could exact could avail . to undo the past. Why not forget it, and close the gates of memory for over on its dim, shadowy reminiscences ? Strange thoughts these for a bride groom on the day of his bridal, but tliey passed through his niiiid in far less time than it would- take to- read them, or even to analyse their fleeting links; and when he placed Aurora : in UUtJ -UiUTliiyU, l WllUbU WJllttt YC2JYUL cushion had been upholstered specially for this festive occasion, they were forgotten. And Gertrude, the forgotten love, the superseded, she leaned; sick and fainting, against tho church; and could hear Judge Galbraith's hearty, gonial voice answering tiie'' congratulation of some friend. 'I The happiest day of my life, "my dear sir— the happiest day of my life 1 My son has married the woman of all others I should have preferred. I haven't a wish left_ungratilied now." Like a dark apparition, shrinking, as it were, from the cheerful light and glow of the outdoor world, Gertrude crept out into the air, and hastened, with a strength of which sho had scarcely believed her weak limbs capable,; along the street in the direc tion taken by tho wedding carriages, mingling in the crowd gathered round the doors of Mrs. Glaudon's house. She reached the spot just as the equipage drove, up, and once again, with hand hard pressed to her heart, and her eyes glittering under the shadow of nor hat like coals of 6«o, she saw the beautiful young girl who had taken away the heritage which should have been hers ascend the carpeted steps, boneath the whiten wning spread from door to kerbstone, lean ing on Victor Galbraith's arm. " Don't push so muttered and old crone, a3 Gertrude leaned forward, but she neither heard nor heeded the words — she was intently reading the page of her husband's face. No tender sadness there, as if even at this rapturous moment his heart wont back to tho past with something of loving regret — no conscience- stricken shadow round tho Apollo lines of his beautiful mouth 1 Gertrude looked in vain, if she expected to see aught of this. A husband's happy, pioud devotion in the exultant brow of one who has gained the dearest and most precious object of liis life, that was all tho wife's searching eyes saw. " A pretty couple, ben't tliey V Ulicu an viu truiuaiiy m viawavu accents. " All, happy's the bride tho sun shines on 1 But the cost o' them posies on her gownd would ha' kept me in drink for a year ! But there ain't no use grumblin', and I was a young bride once, though no one would hardly beliove it to look at mo now. Hain't got a penny about you, eb, my dear 1'' But tho pale young girl to whom sho addressed herself only wrapped her shawl closer about her and vanished in the press and throng. CHAPTER XXXII. what to do next? " Land o' Goshen 1" cried Mrs. Alroyd, who was just coming into the door with a wicker basket of market ing on hor arm, "it ain't you, Miss Morton, is it 1 You ain't no ways worse, I hope 1 Why how white you be !" "Because I am tired," said Ger- trude, endeavoring to speak calmly, i " I cannot work to-day — I am not strong enough I" | I "And a very sensible conclusion I that is to come to," said Mrs. Alroyd, ! following hor lodger' into the little j close-smelling ball. "Me and Pris- cilla both thought you hadn't ought to go out to-day. Folks can't pick up j their strength right away arter a fever 1 1 Just you go up in the parlor, and I'll send ye a cup o' tea and a bit o' chicken's wing stewed down 1" ' Thank you," said Gertrude ; " but I cannot eat anything now— r-I do not feel hungry "Fiddlesticks!" said Mrs. Alroyd. " You shall eat !" And away she went to put the chicken's wing over the kitchen fire as promptly as might be. But Gertrude 'did not stop, accord ing to orders, in tho dingy little room that tho landlady called " the parlor " sho went on up the weary flights of stairs, and never stopped until she had locked herself up in her own dark apartmont. Then, and not till then, she throw herself, shawled and bon neted as she was, on the bed, and burst into passionato sobs and tears. And well might sho weep, poor, desolate, forsaken child 1 Through all lior troubles and adversities she had clung fondly to the one conviction of Victor's truth and love for her — she had hoped and believed in him, and (irnilysetting this solitary pole-star betore tier iiad needed nought else. Her husband — tho idol around whom sho had built the bulwarks of a woman's purest and most passionato devotion — her hero, whose spotless sword was to conquer the whole world for hor — what was left of this cherished delusion ? Only a man, like the rest of his sex, from Adam down ward, false-hearted, hollow, and a villain. There was no Victor Gal braith. left to her now ; the Victor Galbraith whom she had so deified had never existed, save in her own foolish girl fancy. It was for this will-o'-the- wisp of her imagination that she had defied the wishes of her grandparents, thrown away lier home, her name, her all," save the thread of life, which would not snap, .let her pray as earnestly as fshe might for a release. "I have nothing left to live for now," she thought ; " what is to prevent me from seeking an end to it all in tiie black waters of the river, or through some friendly little vial of laudanum, as so many wretched women do iu this great cruel Babol of a city 1" But Gertrude was too true-hearted and innocent long seriously to contem plate this awful alternative. Heaven had given her her life, and she must use it as best she might, until ics hand should again take it from her. The future lay, hard and inexorable, before her, and sho must drag herself through the weary years according to the best of. her ability. She had long since abandoned her first unreasoning idea of wrenching her husband away from this other claimant by lier own avowal of a prior right. . ' ' i' If- his heart had been one particle mine;" she thoucht. with ' trrieved pangs, " he never would have married that beautiful young girl. I saw his love shining out of his eyes' when he looked at her — I heard it in his voice 1 She lias never wrought- me any wilful harm — why . should I make her 'wretched.- to- secure to myself - only the hqllow semblance, of a love, whose reality I-shall never know 1 And she is so lovely, too, and young-r-lovelier and younger far than 1 1 No shadows have darkened her life, no bitter grief has stamped its signet on her brow. Poor child I I hated hor when I stood there in the church door, I could have murdered her as she leaned smiling on his arm and thought'it no harm 1 But I feel dilFerentlynowtowai'ds her. Lether revel in tho sunshine, poor, bright- winged butterfly 1 . May it be longer than my brief day -was.. He lias ceased to love me, and .never by word or deed will I condescopd to ask for the empty name and rank of wife.!" It would be well-nigh impossible to give verbal shape to all the' thoughts, resolves, and agonised regrots that passed through Gertrude Galbraith's heart as she lay there on the bed, her faco buried in the pillows, and her hands clasped on her breast. Many a lifetime litis been less crowded with agony than those hours — many a death bed has been less bitter. She paid no beed to Mrs. Alroyd's hand knoclcing at the door and calling for entrance; she gave no answer to Miss Priscilla's entreaties for admit tance. Perhaps she did hear them. At all events, she lay there, silent and motionless, until the day had worn it self away to twilight, and the foot steps of tho home-returning lodgers began to Sound along the passage ways. The world was going on, although her heart had received its death blow : the petty, trivial occurrences of every-day life still succeeded ono another as regularly as if all interest in them had not ceased as far as she was concerned. . Bisinf 11 ri. she liVlitnrl the little mis- "o r) o — o — burner, and began mechanically to bathe hor cold face, and brush out and rearrange tho golden maBses of her hair. . " If I stay here any longer by my self I shall go mad !" she said to her self, with a jarring laugh, which was the very mockery of mirth. Mrs. Alroyd greeted her with evid ent reliof as she took her place at the table, and made room for her at hor own right hand. " I'm very glad to sec you,1' said Mrs. Alroyd, pouring out a hot cup of tea. " I didn't know but what you had died up there in tho dark.'' "People, do not die so readily as that," said Gertrude. " No, thank goodness !'' said Miss Priscilla, who sat opposite. "But I do really think it was a temptin' of Providence to go out to-day." " Do you 1" said Gertrude, sipping her tea. . "I think it was the best thing that could happen to mo." Miss Priscilla glanced up, startled, it may be, by the peculiarity of Miss Morton's tone. " What do you mean 1" sho asked. "Mean !" eclioed Gertrude. " What should I mean 1" " Did you get to Madame Clarice's in time to do any work 1" asked Pris cilla. ."I did not get there, at all,'' said Gertrude. " I did not go to Madame Clarice's." " What ?" cried Prisoilla. " Why, what were you doing all tho morn ing r " I walked alone iu the sunshine until I got tired, and then I came home." "Well," cried Miss Priscilla, "if you ain't the oddest little creetur 1" " I do not think I 'shall go to Madame Clarice's any more," said Gertrude, carelessly. " I am tired of London." "Tired of London? and so soon!" said Mrs. Alroyd, reproachfully. "I have seen quite enough of it,'' said Gertrude, crumbling up a dry slice of bread beneath her wasteful fingers. " I want change. I need a di lib roil t kind of life." ' " I might have said the same tiling long enough ago," said Mrs. Alroyd, shrewdly, "if I could ha> changed matters to suit myself. Wliore do you mean to go?" frf>rfci»nrlrt Inn orliorl " I do not know myself, Mrs. Alroyd." " Child," said the good landlady, "take my advice, and let well enough alone. Don't leave the old place till you see your way clear to another. It's the hardest; tiling in life for a girl like you to live." " It's a great deal harder thing, ap parently, to die," said Gertrude. " Now you're talkin' sinful,", said Mrs. Alroyd, gravely. " Am III don't mean it," said Gertrude, sadly. " But I am fully determined to leave London." Nor could the united persuasions of Mrs. Alroyd and her sago sister, Miss Priscilla, alter hor firm resolutions. She went the next day to Madame Olarieo's, and asked humbly for the money tl)at was due to lier. Mrs. Mann looked at her over the rim of her spectacle-glasses. " Why don't you wait till Saturday night?" she asked, a little sharply. " One reason is," answered Gertrude, " that I have been ill, and need money for my expenses ; the other is that I slm 1 not bo here on Saturday night. I am intending to leave London." "Just as you choose," said ; Mrs. Mann, a ho had too little leisure to combat any of the sewing-girls' whims, and she scribbled off a little order to the cashier of the establishment. But in spite of lier brusqueness Ger trude still lingered. " Well," cried Mrs. Mann, shortly, " what do you want now ?" "Nothing, ma'am," faltered Ger trude, ' " unless you could tell me of some place, away from here, where I might, earn enough to support - my self." ' " Well, I can't," said Mrs, Mann, auniujijuig iier Must; witu tut) jjuiiio ut her scissors. "Places aren't like black berries; they don't grow on every bush. My advice would b.e to stay where you are doing well," " But I cannot,1' pleaded Gertrude. "Well, well, child, I suppose you know your own business best, "'said the forewoman;- "I don't know of any situations that would be likely to suit you." And slie returned to thb measure ment of sundry rolls of triiiiming satin, which had just been 'brought in; and Gertrude, feeling somewhat rebullbd and discouraged, took her little cheque to tho cashier, who paid the money without a word of comment. Sho did not even enter the workroom, for she instinctively wished to avoid the tor rent of questions with wliieh she knew she would be overwhelmed, and it was with a sensation of relief that she de scended the steps of Madarno Clarice's, house, and went slowly down the street. . (to be continued.) . 