THE RELIGIOUS CAllD-PLAYER. A private soldier • by the name of Kicliara Lee was taken lictoro the magistrate of Glasgow for playing enrda (luring divine service. ' The account of it in thus givun in an English journak-’A sergeant com manded the soldiers at church, and whilo thero, the parson read tho players and took the toxt. Tlioso who had a Ihble took it out, but this soldier had neither ISiblo nor common prayer-book, but, pulling out a pack of cards ho spread them boforo him. Ho first looked at one card and then at another. lho sergeant of thu company saw him, and said, ‘Richard, put up them cards, this is.no place for them.' ‘Rover mind that,' said Richard. •When the services wcio over the constable took Richard a prisoner and brought him beforo the Mayor. ‘Well,’said the Mayor 'what have vou brought tho soldier hero for, ‘For playing cards in church.’ •Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself. ‘Much, sir, I hope.’ ‘Very good 1 if not, I ■will punish you severely.’ ‘I have been,’ said tho soldier,1 about six weeks on the march. I have neither Biblu nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of curds, and hope to satisfy your worship of tho purity of my intentions. Then spreading the cards before tho Mayor, ho began with the ace. ‘When I see the ace it reminds that there is but one God. Wlieu I sec the deuce it reminds ino of Father and Son. ‘When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see tho four it reminds me of the four evan gelists that preached—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. ‘ When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise virgins That trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but live were wise. And five were foolish, and were shutout. • When 1 Bee the six it reminds me that in six daystheLord made heaven and earth. ‘ When X see the seven it reminds ine that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he made, and hallowed it. • When I Bee the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persous who were saved when God destroyed the world—viz., Roah. and his wife, his three sons, and their wives ‘ When I see thu the nine it renuuds me of the nine lepers that wero clcauscd by our Savior. Their were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. • When I see ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. ‘ \\\ hen I see the king it reminds mo of the great King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. ‘ When 1 see the Queen it remiuds me of Sheba, who visited Solomon for she was as wi6e a woman as lie was a man. she brough t fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in buy s apparel, for ICiug Salomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The k'ng aptR for water for them to wash, lhe girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists j so King Solomon told by that. • Well,’ said the Mayor,’ you have des cribed every card in tho pack except one. • What is that ?’ ‘The knave,’ Baid tho Mayor. ‘I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry.’ ‘ 1 will,’ said tho Mayor,’ if you do not torm me to be the knave.’ ‘The greatest knave is tho constable who brought mo here. 'I do not know,’ said the Mayor, * if he is the greatest knave but I kuow he is the greatest tool.' ‘ When I count how many spots thero are in a pack of cards, 1 find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are iu a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I find fifty two—the number of weeks in a year. I find thero are twelve picture cards fn a pack, represontiug tho number of months ill a year, and on counting the tricks 1 fiud thirteen—the number of weeks iu a quarter. So yon see a pack] of cards serve for a “ Bible, almanac, and common prayer 