The Victorian Contingent who are now in Eng land are doing well at the military tournament, and Quiz congratulates them on their success. He moreover hopes that the way in which " Lay-em out" Price and his men have been received and jenterfcained will give them an idea as to how they should in the future treat visitors over the Border, especially if there be a tournament on the boards. By-the-bye, when will the awards for the driving competition be announced ? * * * The steamer Adelaide took from Wallaroo about 300 visitors to the Port Pirie Regatta. Whilst on the homeward journey a man is reported to \ have fallen, overboard and to have been drowned. How many passengers is the Adelaide licensed to carry ? Had she a full complement of boats ? Is there to be any enquiry? Is the Marine Board dead or only sleeping ? .Well, the man was only a MacMann or a MacMahon, so perhaps it does not matter. If Quiz could have made the selec tion the victim would have been some member of the Marine Board, and then what a fuss there Would have been. * * * a • • • • • ' The march of civilization is Over onwards. Broken Hill is progtessing, and the ghost walks now where never ghost walked before. Some time ago a man disappeared in one of the vughs of the big mine, and notwithstanding the inconvenience to himself and to the miners, it is said that he continues to perambulate the workings with great regularity. If any of the miners should happen to capture that uneasy spirit Quiz will give a good price for him, and ready money, too. * * * Our only, our well-beloved, our typographical C. H. Matters, has been doing California, and through the columns of the Advertiser has been giving us th§ benefit of his observations. His little contribution is headed " Irrigation in California." Speaking of a Danish settlement, he says amongst other things that the town has 2,000 inhabitants and is lighted by electricity. There are also six churches. From present appearances, says Mr. Matters, the people evidently expect a large increase of population. Oh, most observant of men, pray give us the pleasure of your expe riences, and tell us whether it is the electricity or the six churches, or the irrigation that is the cause of the anticipated increase. * * * Another member of the Mirams family in Mel bourne has gone into sweet retirement, because in an unfortunate moment he did not recognise that which was his own, and to his own advantage appropriated the goods of other individuals. May this chastening be blest to him, and may he find spiritual solace in the companionship of. his relative. May he enjoy, with the other Mirams, the comfort of the snug little villa,%nd, like him, be not permitted to soil his hands with labor. Likewise, may the shears of the prison barber be not suffered to touch his revered locks. Yea, verily the punishment of the evil-doer ought to be judiciously administered. 