1 be Doctors Shook tbeir i Hvads. j ' I WOULD give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy American recently. J-.OW, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darky Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give au ne nsa ior one iuu% ne hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Ijaskin goes on to say ; 41 Up to eight yean ago I had never lost nn hour's work through sickness. In December lbS2, whilst living at Beeston, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, Ihaddreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would till with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my 6nge'rs. My chest u?ed to 4 till up ' ai d my throat would swell so I coul ln't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain tiil 1 bled at the n- se, and the blood rushed cut of my eare. I became exhausted aud short of breath and bad to call the doctor, and was in lied five or six weeks. 4* i then went as oot-patientto thfe Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very 1 ttle better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. Fur eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try * change of air. Sol came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, 1 that all the beds in tbe hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and alio two doctors at Derby. The first one said, * Tow are in a gal loping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, eaid nothing, but shook their head*. 44 Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in bis gardens and grounds and some days, I worked alittle.andthen would I* away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1SSS, when Icanght cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes aa much as a j te--cuptul at once, and was afraid to go to j strep for fear the phlegm tronld choke me, At I this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow end my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and , mouth were dry and parched and I often broke into a cold clammy e.veat. My tongue was j like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep ; nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. 44 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. 1 was alwayB tired and weary, and sitting or lying ! was never at ease and got no real rest. Too | weak to read I oft.n fc »t for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at piny quite upset me. ' The doctor kept on attendiog me, but he said, I van do you no good ; I can only patch yon up, because your lung* are diseased ; I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, 4 WelU you tcon't cough much longer you hat * merely to prepare for another world.' ' About the middle of March, 16S9, a neighbour named Josepn Tatham, who works ; in the paper mills at D irley Abbey, said to me, i * Tomt did you erertry 'Mother SeigeP* Syrup V and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at £Ir. Smith's Stores io Victoria 8treet« After the first does I had an evacaation black as inK,ana vomiiea. men i ien asieep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking tbe medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to eee my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told hiin, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life I commenced work at once and have never lost aday s work since. ' Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for tix month* I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving bis consent to the publication of this remarkadle statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests iu to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. I Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, wbo ts acquainted with all the facts alleged, Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears ao exoellqnt reputation. ? Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (a* one of the doctors thought), or he wontd Jtave gaUuped into his grave i'n toss than three nonth*t instead of growing worse for seven yoars. His complaiut was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it U so often ignorantly mistaken and wroogly treated. When tbe right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was usod the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digettive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Oaakin en his recovery, and commend the facte of his ease to alljthmking people, Two well-known professional golfers were playing atn&tcli;* We will call thein Sandy aod Jock, On one side of tho golf course was a railway, over which Jock drove his hall, land* Ing It in some long gruea. They both hunted for a long while for tho missing ball- Sandy wanted .look to give in and say the ball was lost but Jock would not consent, an a lost ball means a lost hole. Tliey continued to look ' round, and Jook elily dropped another bill, and then oamo back and criod, ' I've found the ba\ Sandy.' 44 Ve're a locar/'teald Sandy *' for bore It's in ma pooch,' 