CONVICT LlFE N O R F O L K I S L A N D AUTHENTIC RECORDS. No. 5 A NIGHT SCENE The contrast between day and night at the gaols on Norfolk Island was one of the most striking it is possible to imagine. Whilst daylight lasted the scene was one of great animation. The tramp of innumerable feet; the loud orders of those in command, mingled with the hoarse challanges of the guard and the dismal clank, clank of the ironed convicts made a perpetual din. Too often, indeed, these sounds were added to by the wild shrieks, or dull moans of the wretohes being flogged, for scarcely a day paused without the triangles being in use, and the whistle of the lash was the most familiar of music to tire felons. Alter darkness set in the transformation was complete. A silence as of the grave settled over all. The convicts were securely locked, and, perhaps chained, in their cells, and forbidden to speak under severe punish ment. The turnkeys moved noiselessly about with padded boots, for that gave them an opportunity to detect any breeches of the regulations on the part of the prisoners. A zealous warder did not consider he had done his duty unless he was able to report one or two felons each night for some trivial offence or another. There was a sort of emulation between them in that respect, and it was little matter whether the charges were true or not. If the turnkey said they were it was no use for, tho hapless prisoner to deny them. 0n the night of the 13th October, 1846 the day on which the twelve mutineers had been executed - Father Murphy, the Catholic chaplain, was standing in the corridor of the old gaol. The silence was almost oppressive. Inside the prison nothing could be heard, whilst outside only the muffled boom made by the ocean lapping on the reefs broke upon the ear. The worthy priest was thus standing, wrapped in his thoughts which, judging from the events of the day, could have been no cheerful ones, when a turnkey glided up to him as noiselessly as a ghost. This fellow was named Sadleir, and he afterwards became notorious by robbing one of the officers (Mr. Waters).of 700 pound. He was both an accomplished and a brutal villain, and at this time he held a third-class pass, and was in receiipt of two shillings a day. Father Murphy had a considerable dislike to Sadleir, but being of rather a genial nature he entered into conversation with him. " How quiet the gaol is to-night. It almost seems as if the place is deserted," he remarked. . " I don't think it will ever be entirely deserted for if the settlement is abolished, as the talk goes, the ghost of many a felon will haunt it," answered Sadleir." "I hope, my man, they may never hannt you, was the sharp reply. The turnkey did not appear to relish this allusion to his" life swearing away " pro pensities, and turned the conversation by saying: I think, sir, I am entitled to some credit for the silence which re---- here. When I am in charge I strictly carry out my duty and the prisoners know it." I daresay you do," Father Murphy dryly answered. While they were thus speaking in a muffled tone Sidleir suddenly remarked : "I hear someone speaking now, but I know who the fellow is and I'll soon stop him.". . Going to some pegs, which were in the wall close by, he took one of them a curious looking article. lt was like a small piece of harlness, and at first sight would create surprise in the eyes of the beholder of to imagine what animal of or which c----ion existed of so diminutive a size as to permit its use. In appearance it resembled a very small bridle, perfect in.head, hind,- throat last etc. and on enquiry it would be found that it was intended for use on a fellow creature. Attached to it is a round piece of ironwood four inches in length by one and a half inches in diameter. This again is secured in a broad strap of leather to cross the mouth. In the wood is a small hole, and when used this piece of wood is inserted in the mouth the small hole being the only breathing space. When the whole is secured with the various straps and buckles a more oomplete bridle in resemblance could not well be imagined. It was inshort, the spring gag-one of the instruments used for torturing the unhappy prisoners in the penal settlement. The turnkey took down the little gard auxiliary, and followed by the priest- who in fact, had never yet seen the application of this torture- went to a cell occupied by a convict nained Rooney. This man was stone blind, and the poor wretch was a mere human wreck from disease and ill treatment. On entering the cell, Rooney was found lying on his straw-mat undressed, and to all appearance asleep. Sadleir, roughly calling him by name, told the blind old man to get up and dress himself. With a surprised expression on his sightless face Rooney did so, and then followed the turnkey into the yard where Sadleir inserted the ironwood gag in the oonvict's mouth. When that was done the working of the instrument was at once apparent, for the sound produced in the violent effort to breathe through the small hole resembled a.half stifled whistle. The victim only got about half the proper supply of air, and it was quite evident that if the gag were inserted for any considerable time suffocation would ensue. After this opération, Sadleir took his half stifled prisoner to a lamp-post in the yard and placed his back against it. The old man's arms were then taken round the post, and secured by a pair of handcuffs to it. The night was very chilly, for in such a climate, though the days are hot the nights invariably are cold. Rooney wore a light jacket open in front and the priest, noticing that the man was shivering, (he had just been taken out of a warm cell) went to him and buttoned the coat up to his throat; at the same time speaking a few kind words to cheer him. Although the convict could neither speak or see the gift of hearing was not denied him, and as Father Murphy spoke the tears rolled from his sightless eyes to think that someone yet felt tor his miserable and felon condition. There is no doubt that even the most hardened villain can be more easily won to reformation by judicious kindness than by brutal severity, and the fact alone is sufficient to condemn the system which obtained at the colonial penal settlements. " How long are you going to keep Rooney in this position ?" the prlest at length asked the turnkey. " I'll give him four hours for a change. Last time he only got three hours," replied Sadleir. "You surely don't mean that. The man will die under it. I've heard the doctor say that three hours is more than enough of this punishment." Murphy vehemently answered. "There is no no fear of him dying. He'll lice to have the gag many a time yet. besides, he shouldn't break the regulations," was the heartless reply. "I believe the man is perfectly innocent and I shall at once see the commandant," said Father Murphy, as he turned away. When he found the governing officer he told him what had just been done,but the commandant, treated the matter lightly, Do you think that a man of Sadleir's \--mp should have power to inflict such punishment as the gag at his pleasure ? the priest asked. "I.regard him as a reliable man, and it would be impossible for me to attend to every little breach of discipline that occurs. Rooney should not have talked, and he would not be punished," answered the commandant. "I am certain the man was not talking, and if brutal fellows like Saddleir are allowed to use the gag there may be a repetition of Ryan's case," replied Murphy. The commanding officer did not relish this allusion to Ryan's case, whose death was hastened by the gag, and bidding the clergy man good-evening he went from the gaol to his quarters. Tho priest was determined not to leave Rooney to his fate, and he went in search of Doctor Everett. lt was far on towards midnight, however, when that gentleman was found, and the two went to the yard where the convict was handcuffed to the lamp-post. He was still there, as the four houra had not yet expired. The moment the doctor looked at him he signalled for a turnkey, and hastily began to unloose the bridle. The most ignorant onlooker could see that there was no time to lose. The emaciated pale face of the convict was hideously swollen and purple, and it was evident that he was in the last stage of suf focation. Of course, he was not strong, and his vitality was low, but such treatment was calculated to kill the strongest. In half a minute the gag was taken out, and Sadleir came hurrying to the spot and unlocked the handcuffs.. Rooney would have fallen to the ground had he not been supported, and Everett sternly ordered the turnkey to take the convict to the hospital, and not back to the cell. " If I thought you would be punished for it I would let the poor wretoh die, as he would bo far better off, but, under the circumstances, I will not do so," the medical officer angrily said. As they proceedod down the yard towards the hospital, the ominous sound ol the stifled whistle fell upon the priest's nervous ears, and, glancing in the direction of the noise, he was startled to see another prisoner bound to a post and, without doubt gagged. He instantly drew Everett's attention to it, and, leaving Rooney in charge of a constable who had come to them, they went to the post, and there, sure enough, was the patent gag at work again. " Who did this ?" asked the doctor of Sadlier, who had followed them. " The man would not be quiet, and I was forced to do it. I must do my duty," was the answer. . On looking closely at the prisoner the priest said. " Why, this is O'Neill. Surely you might have let him end his few hours on earth in peace." O'Neill was one of the remaining mutineers, lying under sentence of death, and, when the doctor found who it was, he ordered the turnkey to release him immediately. When he was able to speak the convict solemnly assured those around him that he was lying quietly asleep when Sadleir, entered his cell, aroused him, and, without any explanation, dragged him out and gagged him. O'Neill was taken back to his cell, and Doctor Everett and Father Murphy proceeded to the hospital to see Rooney. He was still unconscious and it was only after an hour's unremitting attention that he partly recovered his senses. The clergyman and the doctor arranged to meet the next morning, for it was long after midnight when they separated - and enter a strong protest against Sidleir having the power to inflict such punishment as he had last night. Along with the Reverend Mr. Williams they waited on the civil commandant at ten o'clock, and put the case strongly before him. " I may tell you, sir that the men's lives are not safe in the hands of such a man. I am not sure yet that Rooney will survive his treatment of last night,protested the dootor. "That man has been dying for months, and you should not blame Sadleir if he goes off", the commandant coldly answered. " But, Surely you do not think it proper to torture a dying man ?" the priest asked. "There is no torture about it. 'The punishment is perfectly legal, and the law does not allow torture.'" " I beg your pardon, sir'," broke in Everett. " I think the gag should be abolished, and if Commissioner Moore asks my opinion of it, I will tell him so." "Well, gentlemen, if the head authorities decide to stop its use, well and good. I am responsible for discipline here, and I may tell you that I will not interfere with present arrangements The deputation of humane gentleman, with drew from the commandant's presence, sorely disappointed at the result of the interview, but each of them were quite determined not to let tht matter rest where it was. Their only hope lay in the commissloner, but that gentelman, who had now been a fortnight on the island, had as yet done absolutely nothing towards his mission. If the truth must be told, he seemed to have entered upon a prolonged spree, .which was rather enoouraged than allowed by most of the officials who had any lapse to hide. They were evidently determined that he should leave the island as wise as when he landed on it, and there was every prospect that their wishes would be realised, as he fell very easily into the trap. The three gentlemen separated, after coming to an understanding that oh the first favorable opportunity they would place their views strongly before Mr. Commissioner Moore. Mr. Williams, who had been in attendance most of the previous night on a dying prisoner, went over to a small summer house which stood in the barrack grounds, and, resting himself on a small rustic bench.In it placed his feet on a small table opposite and was soon buried in a profound reverie on the misery and wretchedness around him. He had been in this position about ten minutes,when he was suddenly startled by Commissioner Moore rushing in to the summer house, who seized him by each tail and rudely dragged him along the sand and then let him drop to the ground. As the clergyman rose, the excited commissioner dealt him a severe blow to the mouth which knocked out two of his teeth. Tho man of peace could not quietly submit to such an unprovoked attack, and, being a muscular Christian, he returned the blow with interest.. Just at this moment some of the officers came in and seized Moore, who was evidently not responsible for his actions. Although the oommissioner heartily apologised for his conduct the next day, the contretemps put an end to any hope of assistance from that quarter in sending Turnkoy Sadleir to the right about, but where man failed Providence apparently stepped in and succeeded. No record is extent, however, as to whether the inhuman scoundrel was treated in the same brutal manner that he used to treat those under his command. In fact, it is to be feared that such was not the case, or someone would have been sure to have taken pleasure in handing the fact down, to posterity.. Three days alter his brutal treatment of Rooney and O'Neill,he was caught red- handed in the act ol robbing Mr.Waters, one of the officers. He actually had 700 pound in his possession belonging to Waters, and, in addition to a gagging and a dose of the gag, he received a long term of imprisonment, which officially precluded him ever enacting another night scene such as here described. [er night saene auah aa here, doa ho n^of Gang " will ba tho "title ot thii ncxKvook's oonvio't inoidont. In thia gang cn1, tim moat daaporato prtaoners wern sup pôt to hu iiiaccd, but'it was;--fr|qiiontly' ,'nia "l^a medium.ot Ibo rr.venge.of..gaolers aga et inuooent men; ? -, - -f. . . . . 