IN HER FATHER'S LIKENESS. CHAPTER V. (Continued. "Sweetheart, if I any regret my arrogant speech that. my doors shall never be close to your kith and kin-" "I would still say No, because it would be • ger y to you to keep your promise, anti it spoil ovory. chftnco of hoppinosa for us. No no, no I you will'forgot ; mo nsoon;, and : cho’oso ft woman more than I. ” r ; w jl e caught her hands. ‘‘Is tbntyour opinion of mo? Do you believe mo so: poor a creature lliat 1 sould go .backupon my word,, or-fail |d roy devotion, to-you? - *• She lifted her,.wot eycstohi8.“I lovo.you Austin,i to, to tlio test.”:. ' His heart gove a'Oxultaut: throb.. “If, you lovo mo you.will.not aondimoaway.” itjt, is because X lovo-you, that 1 bid you go., Auatiu, forgive mo il my confession , sounds unwomanly; but when I heard, your, < answer to Mrs. Crozior, I—I loved you,,; although I did not dreamvl.was more, or even.as mooli ss j, c dtt, to you; the agony of . that moment geemed as though.it most;kill mop but I: bore it and lived,” this with a faint weary smile; «but I said then, and . I say know, I will norcr put my husband to the blush." “Then, ”'bc'said passionately ; if dm proud, ; ff bat are you. Is. it anger or a'wish lo^avenge, mv unconscious insult that impels you .to tins decision?” /. . i-. . > : It is neither,.” .she answered, wtib a little tearless sob. . Mow little you know me,, when you think anger against you, or a wish for revenge,- should -over find .aplace in my beat! Austin 1 Austin! don’t you; .see, I must pub your welfare,: your happiness .first, though it spoils all/my life.” , • It is for my happiness I should make you my wife." . ■ • :a v “Under the present'circumstances.it could not be.” . ■ ; , ■ “You cannot love; me, or you, would not. bold so steadily to your-.resolve ; you could not wreck the peace .of the man iyou profess to bold denar.” r..• . AVIiitcr grew tho.i small white, .face,- more tfenry and grieved the* lovely, troubled eyes. “One day you will understand mb . bettor," sbo said under her breath. “For the last time, Y,orke,:will you or wUl you not marry .rae?" hb .asked harshly. : . ■ 1 “For . thcj/.last ‘.tiraerrno,?^she answered brokenly. “I dare not wrong you so tor.” . “Then, Qod forgive you r ho cried,;.“for my wasted, londy-lifolicsbt your door," and. then made ho as,, if to leave. her, ’ but, iaho could not let,himgo thus, when., in all., too years to come sho mightj neyer bo moro 'to him than the merest stranger., i; . “Como back," she said, in agonised on-? treaty; “you must not leave.ire thus. I-rrI __oh, my love, oh, <my.lovo l/it is-hard to doi my duty, and-rrond you should,, help, not, binder me. .But-speak kindly to mo before you go; do; noi 5 part in. anger.; .Austin! Austin I if you could only ?sea all that my heart suffers in sending you from jne.” “Then, why do, it?” no.demanded swiftly, “Bccause. it is right.” * . •<. * He stood looking fixed at hoc a raomont, then he suddenly snotched her ’ to him, straining her so close., to his,, breast-.that shb could, scarcely breathe. “You arc too ‘ cold .to know; -what loye means," ho ; said fiercely, “and ; you bar© nothing for the desolation you-aro working in my life. I wish I could emulate your example,, but 1 can’t I you beautiful .heartless darling. Kiss mo nice, and then lot it.'bo goo.dTbyo bo-; tween us.” , . > • ; ’»• • ■'> She lifted her anguished, face and-mockly obeyed him. “To-morrow—to-morrow,, you will thank me. Ggbdiby, good-by,, heart’s dearest and best. .May too suffering, all be mine, and the happinesa yours, " ' With that she slipped from Ms embrace, and when she spoke agaip it, was ; qu i to : calmly “Take rao bock totoet Colonel; he will begin to wonder over, my Jong absence..” Without a word ite led her out> bnt he felt, as if the bitterness .of death, had.; come upon' him. The Colonel /looked curiously at them as they joined'Mm, and.whoti a. gentleman, claimed Yorko tor toe toUowing quadrille, said bluntly; “Austin,ywhatsis there between yon and tho-girl?” ; “Nothing, ,r answered; the young -man, moodily. “It seems X;was; presumptuous to hope there might,'beO Miss, Yorkc overheard mp soy-I would/ never niarry a woman of .whosobolorigings I, was ashamed, and for my -.sakOji- .and ..because- she is quixotically generous,- sho ref uses to become my wife." . . “And you arc in; despair. Pooh, man! a woman’s no is uotmnaltprable.” “You don’t ,-quito;;Understand your grand* child yet. She, Jmsiftll your own pride, coupled with your—your resolution (ho was-going to say obstinacy);;:.“and / then, too, : she has certain notions, of: ■ self-abnegation, solf- Bacriefice. Buti there; lot us. talk, no more on the subject, .luR not the sort of.man.to roako, a song of my woes;? .-.That-was true; .enough, hut tho blow, ho had received was too heavy for him to bear yet with a ; smiling face, and long before the-quadrille, ended ho had -taken his leave. i : .; . l -i ;<> ' How the-remainder .of that /evening passed Yorko eould not; tolh; she-onlyi: knew; that,, with the instineb-ty of -pride- and: the courage of .her-/ftthbr’a. race,, .she hove herself smilingly,. and 1 oilco.sho thought, sho caught the- ColoneVs-eyes resting; opr -her. . Sho.was grateful to him: when, aca compartttlyely.oarlyrhouf•,-ibo pro-? posed rctuming lioniO—nor first bftlhhad been - such an utter failure. -.ft*? /--*• •> Sick to tho heart,- tired/ds .UiO vprovcrbial> dog, poor Yorko crept to her room, norif Mrs. Clarke was My- doar,-” she said gently, “ how; . ,wqary :you . look 1 I-was afraid of the fatigue .-for .waitcd fcd holp you tudress," aud, then,- ' to toe <good- - soul’s als.- roay, Yorko caught llor hands;within her own j delicate little piumsp; eryjng, pjio, dear friend, comfort mm/for« alk my Jifo . Jicfl mined beforo me.-”? -Wy.':; “My child I my poor.childl if it ia.anything you can confide; in mo, : 'anything in wMoh jnfc poor help can avail .you,* ; toll-- nyi and (ogotlicr lot us .'iry to find/aohic glmim of-light through tlio dorkness.'": But alrcday - Yorke had' ; recovered- some-;. Ihiog of her ordinary manner.’’-J am very foolish, end just a little overtired; and I—I r&8 Borely grieved to-night. : It ocemod, when, I came in my trouble; was .almost too groat, to; hear; but to-moiTow, it w ; ill; look'- dess ; - andt the siglit of your dear, kind: fa?c6, tbc sound of your voice, bos already done mo jgood.' Oh, yen, I shall bo ■ myselft-r-to’ morrow, - with a faint, pathetic smile, , and’then, she stooped ami kissed tlio comely, Jtindly face.,-;. Mrs, Clarke ..did->jiOt - prosSi tor .lierrcon-i fldonce. ftho understood 1 her. too- wcll,: and despite her present.position, • and tho lovo-thof girl so evidently gave her,., and did not for get for a moment that^she; was, ,r Master Artliur’acluJd,” and ought to be lior mistress; Sic only busied herself: uncoiling/ ihoyheavy; plaits of chcanut liair, .until Yorkc.stayed- her Lands with sweet imperiouBnesSi.-tjNOj you must not make mo so idlcf and loxuridns., Von look so tired tliatil wilk- not lct you stay; another minute; so klssmo - ami go.” .!, ;■ -14;. < •;, ■/ -■/■ _ Mrs. Clarke was wise enough, to obey ;witlr?; out demur, and -then, when* she ‘hod locked 1 door, tho broken-hearted girl slippod oat ,of flic dainty dross site bad./donncdiwlthisach pleasure, and stoodtorlorn.-and- miserable in Bio centre of tho; room. ' Slowly sbo-poised her arms above her. bead, and in a- quivering wliinpcr eaid “I love you I. I lovoyou lr.dna* I have lost you— by But it is better so; .-only your/anger josh hard to toar; your / .phiti - weighs,, so hcaylly npon my heart*. But, you’will fofgct/ my dear;' ok, my dear! or, leapmito -thank mo/i-that/ I; would not yield te /youi- ZAnd I—oh,/. God ! help nio to boar my erosa ( .give -mo? sirength to hide iny wounddc Ond; {-hen sbo -sank iu a, shuddering heap npon Ufo'fibtii, wcfoping ui a quiet drenidful way,' and-at- intervals 'praying, for tlaj man she loved 'forltotter than horself. , Him morning -fotliid ; ''‘hor <r pftlo ■ arid ! hcavy oyed; and when Mrs/ 1 Clf^rko k >'-totJk A -'coffee' in to lior. sbo exclaimed -af><-her; palloy arid palpable Illness,' Do not toorilfio to>got‘ , ‘ np yet, wish,” she sniT!ip?i3oJojicl iri'rtlready, down, and I , ll -e&rry; w hiriji’ Here’s a letter for f; thought you would like to-have vi]at ■■ : ' ; " “You are .nlways/thorightflil - arid kipd, you. It, and whllo Mrs, brikliftl^ Hio articles of "glic*! «ast aside, she torc iWori- hhd' iJegon to rcad i«— !^ Mv Dbau trouble and fora to but yotof-' and I fed I can novdr/forgiYo?licr} l! flno {mg doped %vltlrritk??Ilort:!. who styled himself it »s my firm belief Ijrids nothingJMi'riibarhdir' or sometlring equallylow, ; You: know how anxious mBmmft iB to gril rik ttir sdliled j but her anxioty -sho- r -<co i rild> , tolentto count, and r finally^©rblldo hifoltlid/honsb,> not Fred waadicnfr’OD ' bajing 'hor oVh: Mo doubt the (itlo jirii nsjioh tor :ho»*,t ' flD <* no yesterday; Vrliilfibi mamma'and '/I/woro shopping, aho leftIwmo to join her, estimable Otto; On tho drawing-rboin table there was a note from her, informing us of what she had. ! dbno,and saying that, as'sho was of ago, sho could please herself; that she was to bo 'married at some small, obscure church,and at once-proceed to her husband’s estate ’ and, the castle’oh tlio Rhino of.which ho-talked so: ;milqh. Anything move awful than luatpma's look when she Jcarnbd the truth I never saw. All inamopicnfc she grow purple in .the face. Her eyes scomodto start from her head, and •with a groansho fell to the floor. .. The doctor says it is Apoplexy; and .oh, Yorko, Yorko, do oome fo mojj for ho says Ahb may die, and I ani all alone,'and top frightened to do any-' thing hub obey Hannah. I always loved you, and mamma'scOrns to want you. . Do not de lay; for: after all, is your mother. With love, and in the belief that you ; will not leave mo'to sorrow elono. ’' Your’ oiffcctionate sister,’ , ' - jQEORaiE." , Slio,. sprang out ol do in tnat moment forgetting her mother's harsh words, tlio misery she had endured under her roof, the uncongenial Jifc—all and everything save that her mother was ill, and her sister in . deep .trouble]^;;■ - Clarke,” she, said, as she began hurriedly . to; dross, “X have .had .bad news ; mother is seriously ill, and I, must,go. home, \yill you please toll the Colonel, and say I.will giyo him full particulars directly?'’ “ l.will do anything you may- ask or wish ; and. Miss Yorko, I am very sorry for you." . ; “I know you ore; and youi*. sympathy is siioh a help to me,” and as the, housekeeper turned to leave, tho room, site kissed hoi*; .gently. £lho had no thought .of Austin then ; all her mind ;was filled with.Georgia's trouble arid her mother’s danger. , V-, Iii an incredibly short time she completed ’her ,toilet, and. ran down, to '’the breokfost jroom, whore tlio Colonel sab frowning behind hispapdr. ; - , . . “ What is. this Clarke,has boon tolling mo? Yqu want: to go homo?” “Will you ,read this letter ploaso?” she said;.“ you will see then I-must go. ”. ■ In silence ho took it from hor, and read;, 'then ho looked up. “"What.,cun .you do? Tour, sister and your , servant .cannot need any other Assistance,, and probably the danger is exaggerated. If you return it is quite without my .consent, and against my will.” sorry,” Yorko said steadily.. VI would ploaso you if I could, hilt my first duty is to my mother and sister.” , . ; “ I was not awaro before of your passionate attachment for thorn,” hp sneered;; “ on tho contrary, I thought you- found. their society tho rovorsb of pleasant. , And, sotting aside .that fact, do you not jbhink 1bayo tlio first olaim upou you*?.’’,,, “No, sir; you Are my employer, and have booh kind.'to me, . “Q6, thon,” hp; interrupted, with awful, violence'; Vhut understand, if you leave hero without my permission (and that you will inpvc'r have), yoa shall never enter these doors again. Chooso novrbetween your mother and ,niei” “ ! ' ' ‘ : Ho had: boon kind to. her,, and sho was growing fond of him,- but she answered with out hesitation, “I shall go to my mother, sir; that is plainly my duty. ” “Donot forget that'you will never sco Cloro’ again?"-fib demanded,, still angrily. , “That, will "bo best for him and for mo; wb shall both forget moire easily.” “Go, then, pud never let me, sco you again. Your' father all hut broke my heart, and struck tho cruellest blow at' .my.pride—my just pride—in pur untarnished name, by his marriago with a woman who —" “Who, sir, may bo already dead;.and who is my mother. But I am grateful for tho help mo,,£brioll Uie goodness'I have re ceived ot your hands. '. It. hurts ino soroly to think wo should payt in anger ; "for ,my fathbr’s sake, your,dcPd son’s sake,, wish mb ■ghod-by, and 8by - you, will forgive my scom 'ing fqrgctfulnesspf houeflts. 1 ’ ' Ho would'nbt look ■ at -her, ho would ;not reply to fabr, and yet tho stern old heart cried out ’for her and Her. love, she was so like hor father,' this girl "who, all unknown to himself,', hadwon.his love. : “Will, you not spook'to me? Are .you so angry with mo that you cannot say God speed you?. Oh! you would not have mo neglect niy drity—yon, o soldier, who solved your country and your Queen loyally.” ' “ Go*J” ho thundered, afraid lest ho should show her what was his heart. “Go 1 I have ,'no pther word to soy. ” / Amd without a word she .wont, \- CHAPTER VI. . No.one mot her at .the station ; sho hardly expected and taking a cal), sho was driven slowly,towards Brook Villa? wondering soroly if-sho had uono right in leaving hor mother ond sisters! preying that sho yet might hear , words ; of affection ■ ond ' forgivenness .from ■ tho parent.who hod nbver loved her. Hannah , opened Ihc door to her, and in answer to her query, “How is mamma?”: answered shortly, “No it may bo worse,” and led the way upstairs. On tlio landing Geoi-gio met her; sueh a dishevelled Georgie, with gold’ locks, tumbled, witH red, swollen ©yes and every pretty feature spoiled for tho time, by excessive pooping. “ Oh, Yorko 1 Yorko! you've como at last 1 Oh, how glad I pin, how glad I am,” and then she bogan to cry again. ; ; , Yorko kissed hor tenderly. “Hash, dear, if mamma hoars you, it will mako her unhappy; try to be quiet, and Ho. down a little while, I will.go to her.” ' . J.-- “Bat you aro tirod,” said Georgie re luctantly. - To do tho girl t justice, slip loved both mother and sister sincerely. “Not at all; I have "had no long night twntohos.. Goto bod, dear, and I, will just ,takeofl my : wraps nod: then, announce myself. Sbo expects me?” - ' - “Oh,, yes,; I told ho» ; I had written yon, and she said yoa wool d>,como. ■ I wish, oh, i with all my heart, 1 jvish'you- were not going to leave us-any more,” • “'Neitherlam L I will stay with you . so tlong ns you'need rap; ” ;“Bat tho'Coloncll Was ho angry tp heajf. of-Eredcicft! and tp knqw.yoa wore/.coming to upjn oac troublo?—wp who ware not; always good to you. ” ' i . “ Ho was ,very angry;; hut wo will npt mind .that, Goorgio. -Now X will sco momma. ” , -Poor Mrs! Sylvestro lay Holpess on hor hod. Her cboclcs wore sunken,o grpat circles wore: about hor oyos;. there-wopa Hues about tho month Yorko did not romorabor. a cortoiiif look, a . certain, trcmuloifeqws that .should; have belonged only to grcatrngc. ■; -Tho young; giri’s hoart was.stin-cd.ton passionate pity, os. going forward sho fell on her knobs bpsido the pod, ’saying,-.“ pother, dear mother,/! camo.ns soota as I copld.” A - - . Tho weary hood upon . tho pillows moVod restlessly; the weary dace-turned towards hor, Youngest,, .least-loved’child.; and her voice, grown foeblo now, gave a warmer welcome; than Yorkoj had ovorvroccivcd. “My dear,, my.dm*,! know you ►would .como; because,. liko your falhor, you pro .unselfish.and forgiv ing. .1 was [a bad : wife to Yorko, and I: have been a;bad mother to you.” Vilushl dear.” Ob, tlio influitc gentleness of tlioao swcet, low tones, “do not distress wo—my child—tho child I never loved as 1 ought. Oh, Yorko, at times I he- Hovo 1 baled you, for your pride and your distant ways; because,, just as your father wearied of and ;grow ashamed of mo, I know vou would grow weary and scorn wo. I .should neverhavo married him. I know now. !,had’not tho instincts of a gentlewoman, and bb could not’lift mo to his lovol. But 1 was bitter with tlio world: my homo was unhappy ; my. father wtm a drunkon, ;oruol parent, and J,iyouo({' ; M I was, Lcid felt all tlio misery of. despised love, lie—my lover, was in your father’s regiment, and- professed to car© for wo above all : Uio world. Yorko-rbo was false to tho -boro—I was but a toy for his, Jclsuro ,hours. i- Ji-. learned aflonvurds- that he, Colonel /Maploson, ridiculed , mo to his particular -friends, boasted of -my loo. evident -lovo for him ; and iliori a now face attracted linn, and *1 was loft tor boor i/y burden as 1 could, and to hide »ny sccrojb carefully from my drunken iathor. It was tbou X wot Arthur By!vostro, and did mV Host .-to bring him to my foot. I succeeded : only loo well, ! wish now: I hod failed. My -poor Arthur, my poor,-loving,’ Arthm-! ,Oh,-if ouly X could recall /thWflkti ho* differently X would not. Child, -your 'fatnor \vm tho most gimorous, loyal, and pure ofonoiV-ond l bliglitod all his life, •v I,mother dear, Eton if all, ( you say is true-I cin'sure; you wore jong ago for given, hceausb my father now knows your con*- •' Tlio poor'fiebto hands (so lately busy and stiong) toolr^tho(.small flowor-likc-face in a :tendcr>ombra90/-y “■ Will.you kiss Wo, Yorko? ;lt may hb fihdt with dllfcront?training I had boon . A ''bower woman,; X nbvor know my mother-^ J ' ,« tho poor purplo lips gently, riad jidtr mother been so door to hor as wjw x tJwttrsmooUhng thp pillows, shb bade box sloop, fid sitting bolding tho i liolploafl Angers in licit stipng worm jgrasp, had ' pro sontly tho safisfiiotion of soorng hot* fall into Of. deOirand auiot slambor, . . 'When slio owoko two’boars Inter, sbo said,■ “Aio you thofo/Torko? Oh. yes, 1W you How good you avo to mo l-Whoro.iB Gcprglor” i “ ! aih' ho?oj‘ -saidf a voice from the- hos : sonlf roe to-Hay*/Yorko mast go down to tea; she has had nothing toeatsineo sho came. Go down, dear. I •will take your place now.” Obeying like a child, for sho was both faint and tired, Yorko went dpwn to the, kitchen, whore Hannah had provided and dainty meal.' a ' “You'll excuse mo asking you to break your fast here, miss,” sho said, with, some' defer-, euco.; “you see since missus fell ill we’ve had to keep aJlro'going in her room, and that would bo a great expense, if I didn’t save by. . not lighting, one in the breakast room. Miss Georgia ain’t got any pride, and don’t mind getting her molds bore. • , “Neither do I,” said Yorko, pleasantly..“I think it a very comfortable room, and you keep it sd beautifully neat and clean. ” Hannah looked pleased, and then said rather hesitatingly, “What’s made the.change in you, miss? You ' looked just a■ slip of'a child when you wont „ nwayy and a now though; you’roas pale and thin .as oyer, .you’ve got quite a womanly air about you.” : “I’ve been going, into society, Hannah;, and, perhaps., living ,sb much .with Colonel Sylvostre ‘makes mo older than my years.” “That’s osliko as; not;. and,'Miss Yorko, osoubo tho liberty ! take, but are you en gaged, or likely to, be?" “No; I sliall never marry, Hannah; I am the old of tbo family,” sho answered, angry that tho hot blood .flushed both faco ana throat - “ Well, I’m sorry; it would have been such a relief to tho missus to hear you and Miss Georgio wore settled. As for Miss Fred— well, slib never had any feeling for any ono but herself, and sho’11 have to suffer soon or Into for it, mark my words. There’s Miss Georgio ringing for pie,” and with that she hurried away, only to return in a short while; when sho insisted that Yorko should go to bed. - ' . “No; I won’t hear of you sitting up with her to-night. Bo off ..with you, child, and sleep well 1 ; you shall take your turn to morrow,” and, finding all remonstrances use less Yorko crept wearily up to the room which had onco been Frcdrica’s, but now was given her. In tho days that followed sho almost lived in tho sick chamber, and learned to know more of hoi* mother thon she could have done through years of health and strength; heard the story of hor trials, hor temptations; until her heart was filled with pity, and hy-andrby that pity grow into n tender; protecting love Mrs. Sylvostre turned to hor with a sense of rest'.,and’ security. She • was 'so wise, so firm, so gontlo in ways and words, so soft of voicoand foot; so quick to‘ minister to tho invalid’s wants, so untiring in hor watchful ness and caro. . ' “What should I do without you?” said tho mother, : and' Georgio echoed tho question. “ You have beon as an angel in tho house. Oh, York© 1 Yorko! I wish Wo never had been parted, yon would have done mo good; I should have learned ' to understand you bettor.” ■ Day followed day in slow succssion, and no nows caino of Frcdrica, no letter from tho Colonel. ' • ■ ' , ‘ No change for the bettor came to tho poor ’invalid, and tho doctor, os ho’ wont to and fro, began : to look very grave indeed. Mrs. Sylvostre was the more ghost of her old self; so wasted, so feeble, and aged, that it was pitiful to see her. “You will gather strength when the spring comes,” said Georgio; hopefully, “and wo will seq if wo cannot take, you to Bourne mouth or St. Leonards for a week. Don’t you think it could bo managed Yorko, if wo aro very economical now.” , “Of course,” answered Yorltc, with a smile; “and I have saved five pounds; wo shall do beautifully, and mamma will' come back her old self.” : sighed; then she'said, “Yon arc good children. May God bless you, my ' dears, ” and afterwards they were glad to remem ber her words! Once in tho evening sho spoke of .Frcdrica. “I am afraid’sho has already learned'her mistake ; if It should-bo-so —if ho, -should treat her unkindly and slio returns to' you, bo good to her for your poor, foolish mother’s sake, and toll' her’ I freely forgavo her all the pain and anxiety sho has caused me. ” “ Mother 1 Mother!” Georgio sobbed loudly, “don’t talk so; it is ns though -you were' going to dio;” 'and the sick woman moved’ feebly amongst her pillows. “Poor child 1 poor Georgie! if it'should be •so, Yorko will help and comfort yon.” Then she seemed to fall into a dose; and lay motionless and silent so long’ that tho girls were frightened, and Yorko bending yOver her, said, “ Mother dear, arc yoii sleep ing. You arc so quiet, you alarm us/’ • Tho long light lashes* lifted, tho hard-sot mouth unclosed; Herbert! Herbert”! she whispered. “You have come at last,” and then it was clear to the girls that whatever thought was in that poor brain was of her earliest love, not of Arthur Sylvestro, her faithful young ’ husband who had lost all for her sake. “ She docs not know us,” said Georgio, and then sho shrieked aloud, for a great change passed over tho pallid face upon the pillows; ’St suddenly grew distorted and purple, tho breathing became stertorous, and in an agony of ferir Yorko’ clashed tbo boll. Hannah was willv them at Once. “It’s another fit Miss’ "Georgio,’run for tho young doctor round the corner; ho’s the nearest, and if-yoa loro the . missus, make -haste. ” : Tho girl needed'no second bidding, bat darted off, - leaving Yorko and Hat noli bp do. what they could for the sick woman, and that, albs I was little. , ' ■Ho was a, young, grave looking hinn, a re cent ' addition -to Mrs. Sylvcstro’s circle, where ho seemed strangely out of place, bat it was an open secret that Georgie was John Kithdale’s attraction, and Yorko saw, with a throb of gratilndo, how tenderly respectful ho was to tbo ; girl, how anxiously ho- dia gnosed her. mother's case. •. As his examine 1 - tibn. ended! ho turned : a\Vay,!.saying _quitb.( quietly’, “ 8ho ’ wil)_.heed -groat -care.' ,'Caii-jJ. 'Speak* you alone,’‘Miss' 8y Ivestre?”, 'tWdresSj ‘ing himsclf to Yorko; but' Hannah broke 1 in, ■ abruptly— ■ ■ . ' > . ■ “Whatever you ;lmvo to say,..say It herb.' ( Poor soul ! jfl sho can’t‘'hoar you’: and If” you've got ill iYows,to • toll, it's only right I whp nursed my young ladies should bo lioro to help them.” ’ ' :t ' '1-Ip’looked nervously from Georgia’s pretty fdir' fnco to Yorko’s, so gale, and steadfast, \ “God help you!” at last, in very, uncertain voice; thfs Jopt/atlnck is ’ fatal. I — ( 1—oh! I wish sonic oilier could toll you. I —I am afraid sho -‘will never recover con sciousness,” And shqnbvor did, Georgio gave oho loud ory, and filing her self upon Yorko’s breast, “Go,” said‘ tho giirify”, sho will ho cnlnr-, soon,” and iiot to say, what to do to‘comfort thcSo yotirig creatures In thpir distress, 1 John Ililhdalo bowed himaolf out, promising tb call in tho morhing. , ’ Together ■ they sat, watching .until mid nigh1t, ''"nnd gradually tbo hard bronth ing’grow softer, tbo purplo flush faded, ond tho fneo upon tho pillows took a strangely young bnd poaccful look ; an unnatural still; nbss filled tbo room. ' Georgio had full oil Into a light, dosp; bnt painfully widb 'awako, and a great ' fear came .over her. Sho rose and moved to wards tb ft'bed, and her very heart soomod to 'StAhd stiJll Sho, had'soph her holbtcd gover ness dio, and Bd’know 6nly too well what that awflil pallor; that rigidity of form and features meant. Just for a-moment she thought sho must soroain aloud, the horror >was so great upon hor; then sho conquered horaolf, and moving softly towards Georgio, laid hor bond upon hor shoulder. 1 , - “Wbbb lu |t?" asked Georgio, sleepily. “Ob; Ybrko,iI nin asluimod of mysolf. leaving all Uib'wiitbliing'io’ybu; What is it mother ’wants? Lotmo f go for it.”, -• “ Deni'Georg|o, sho will want for nothing, any mOrb, It is all over. ” ■ The girl gave ono wild shriek, and dropped on hor knees beside tbobed. “Mothor,niy mother I tho’ and best toother over a; girl had. Oh. what BbaJlTdo? What shall' 1 do? Cotool hacklo mo, como back.” ’ 1 And then 1 Hannah rushed' in, and at a glaiico learned tbo truths Sho oaugkt the girl in her armsi “Miss Yorko,'help mo to got hor to hor rdoni ; film has fainted,” , Between thorn : they convoyed ’Georgio to an adjoining; apartment, tho woman moaning all tho while, “My‘poor mistress; my poor mistress! That slio should go first” Yorko alono was fedlhi. and’ butwaydly eotfl posed ; hut ajgvcat awo Ifad : fallen upon her, , ind' slio haled hci’sblf: that Hlio 1 lid'd not loved her motbernioro, ' ’ ’ ' 'V If was Yorlto ’frho restored Georgio (o con soiousnoHs, but it Boeniefl ii briiol’ llilrtg to do, for tho "poor girl wont from, ono hysterical fit lo anoUior, untjl v Haiirinli sold “Miss Ybrke, sho most ht> 'flalbtod! “or, »Uo‘ SVIJt bp AVotild you l)b ! fi»a'id (b siky with 'her 'and— “ Tho ; dchd 1 Will not faubl daUV, iniow voice, ? u t am hbt afraUl j. gp qjiiokly for Doctor ItUlidalo/’ phd Ilnnpali imodbd no second bidding. f . ‘ ((to bb oo>tintopO" s ' 