THE WORLD'S DKSIEE. 1 v 1!. Iui i.it H, »ii AviutKw -J. CHAlTKk V. •TOR CIMTEIi PKKII.OI:*!. " fiw:ft a» aiiird or a Miuugiit, says the old fa: >)*i <4 lite northern wa. The Wanderer's ii oughte in tlie morning were Muitt as night iocs. flying luick and brooding over the thing.-; "liv hadMK Ti and the woitis he had lieaix! in the cjiajiiber. Again lie stood lietween ifiie woman and the oath, which of all oaths the worst to break. And, indeed, btwas little tempted to break it, for though Itienamnn was beautiful and wise, he feared ittF love; and he feared ber magic arts no less than • Ite iearud Iter vengeance if bite were •vunied. Delay seemed the only coursj. Let him wait till tlie King returned and it would gu hard but hf; found some pretext for leaving 11;*> c'ity of ^bc white walls, and seeking through in-w adventures the World's Desire. The wyetericus livw lay yonder; he would ascend the rivtrof which so many tales were told. It flowed. from the land of the blameless JKtliiojiiaris, the most just of men, at whose >al Its the very gods sat as guests. There, l*»»-harK.-e, far up the eacred stream, in a land \thcrve no wrong ever came, there, if the fates jn'imitted, he might find the golden Helen. v Jt the fates permitted, but all the adventure wjiH of the fates who had abown bim to Meria- Ktin in a drciim. He tinned it long in his mind and found little light. It seemed that as be had drifted through darkness"across a blood-red sea to the shores of Kheni, so he should wade through "blood to that shore of fate wlu'ch the gods appointed. *<;t after a while be shook sorrow from bim arose, bathed, anointed himself, com bed his dark ]o«ks and girded on hisgolden armour. For now he remembered that this was the day when the strange Hathor should stand upon the Pylon «)t the Temple, and call the people to her, and iw 1 determined to look upon her, and if jieeds "be "do battle with Xhat which guarded iuT. So he prayed toApltroditethat she would help him, and he pouredout wine to her and waited; be waited, but no answer came to his prayer. Yet as he turned awny'ft chanced that lie saw bi« countenance in the wide golden cup whence he bad poured, and it seemed to liim that it had grown more if ail', and' lost the stamp of years; and that,his face was >mout-li and young as the face bf that Odysseus who, many wearyyearsago.had sailedin the bku.-kshipsanu looked back on tlie. smoking ruins of windy Troy. In this lie saw the hand of thegndrifss, •and knew that if she might not lie manifest" in this land of strange gods, yet *he was • with him. And knowing this his heart glow light as the heart of a boy from whom sorrow is yet a long way oil, and- who has not drc-amed of death. •Then'he ate arid dratfk, and when he had put from him-the desire of food, hi- arose and girded on tlie sword, "Euryalus's gift; but the (kick bow'lie left, in its ease. Now lie was ready, and about, to set forth when Rei-the priest entered the chamber. *• Whither goest-thoii, Eperitusasked R/-i, the instructed priest, " and what is that hath made thy 'face. £o' : fair, as though many years liad been lifted from thj' back." *" "l is but sweet sleep, Rei," said tlie Wanderer. "Deeply I slept last night, and the,weariness of my- wanderings fell from me, and now I am as I was before I sailed across the blood-red sea into the night. "J?til thou'the secret of this sleep to the ladies " tof .Klicm," answered the agsil priest, tmiling. "and little shalt thou lack of wealth for ail thy days." •Tims -he -sjxike as though he believed the Wanderer, but in his heart he knew that the thing was of the gods. The Wanderer answenid—.. , • . \- "I go uptotheTemple of the Hathor, forthou dost r< member it is to-day that .she stands upon tbe Pylon hrow and calls the people to her. Ccmest thou also, Kei ?" ."Nay, nay, I eomo not, Eperitus. I am old indeed, but yet the blood creeps through these •withered veins, and oerchance if I came and looked the madness would seize me also, and I too should rush on to my slaying. There is a •way in which a man may listen to the voice of the Hathor, and that is to have his eyes Jbjindfolded as many do. But even then he •will tear the bandage from his eyes and look and die with the others. Oh, go not up, Eperitus, I pray thee go not up. See, now I love thee, T know not why, and am little minded to see thee dead—though i>erehance," he added, as though to himself, "it would be •well for those I. serve, if thou wast dead, thou "Wanderer with the eyes of fate/' " Have no fear, Rei," said tlie Wanderer, " a6 it is doomed so shall I die and not otherwise. Never shall it be told," he added in his heart, "that he who stood in armsagainst Scylla, the horror of the rock, turned back from.any form of fear or from any shape of love. : ' •Then Rei wrung his fiands and went nigh to weeping, for to him it "seemed a pitiful .thing that' so goodly a man and so great a hero should thus, be done to death. But the Wanderer passed out through the city, and Rei went" with him for a certain distance. At length they came to the road set on either aide with'Sphi'nxes that le:tds from tho outer wall of brick to the garden of the Temple of Hathor, ami down ' this road lmrried a multitudeof men of all races and of every age. Here the prince, was borne along in his litter, here the young-noble travelled in hi* chariot. Hero came the slave bespattered with the mud •f the fields, here the cripple limjxjd upon his crutches, and here was the blind man led by a hound. And. with each man i-Hine women, the wife of the man, or liis mother or his sisters, or she to whom he was vowed in marriage. "Weeping they came and with soft •words and clinging arms they strove to hold back him whom they loved. " Ob, my son! my son'." cried a woman, "hearken to thy mother's voice. Go not up to look upon the Goddess, for if thou dost look then slialt thou die, and thou alone art left alive to me. Two brothers of thine I bore and behold both are dead, and wilt thou die also, and leave inc who am old alone and desolate? Be not mad, my son, thou art the dearest of all; ever have I loved thee and tended thee Comeback, I pray, come back." But her son heard not and heeded not, pressing on toward the gates of the heart desire. "Oh, my husband, my husband," cried another, young, of gentle birth, and fair, who bare a babe on hei left arm, and with the right clutched her lord's broidereel robe. "Oh, my husband, have I not loved thee and been kind to thee, and wilt thou still go up to look npon the deadly beauty of the Hathor? They say she wears the beauty of the dead. Lovest thou me' not better than her who died five years agone, Herisa the daughter of Rois, though thou didst love her first. See, here is thy babe, thy babe, and one week born. Even from my bed of pain I have risen and followed after thee down these weary roads, and I am like to lose my life for it. Here is thy babe, let it plead .with thee. Let me die if sg it must be,'but go not thou up to thy death. It is no goddess whom thou wilt see; but an evil spirit loosed from the underworld, and thatsliall lie thy doom. Oh, if I please thee not take thou another wife and I will make her welcome, •nly go not. up to thy death." But the man fixed his eyes ii])on the pylon top heeding her not, and at length she sank upon the road, and there with tlie bab • would have been trampled by the chariots, had not the "Wanderer borne hei- to one side of 'the -way. Now cf all sights this was the most dreadful, for On e7ery Mae came the prayei-s and lame'n tations of women, and still the multitude of men pressed on unheeding: "Now thou seest the power of love, and how if a woman be but- beautiful enough she may drag all men to ruin,'" said Rei the priest. "Yes," said the "^Vandei- er, "a strange jright truly. .Much blood halh this Hathor of thine upon her liands=." - " And yet thou wilt give her thine, Wanderer." "That I am not mindpd to do-," he answered *'yet will I look UJKWI her face, so speak no »oreofit.", . -. . Now they were come to the space liefore the bronze gates of the Pylon of the outer court, and there the' multitude gathered to •he number of many liundereds. Presently as they watched a priest came to the gates that same priest who had shown the Wanderer the bodies in the baths of bronze. -He looked Mrongh the bars and cried aloud— '* Whosowould enter into the Court and look vpon the holy Hathor let him draw nigh. Know ye this, all men, the Hatbor is to him •who can win her. But if ye pass not, then shall be die and be. buried within the Temple, nor «ver shall he look upon the sun again. Of this are ve -warned. Since the Hathor came again to Kliem, Of men seven' hundred and three fcave gone up to win her, and of liodies seven hundred and two lie witlun the vaults; for of all these men Pharaoh Meneptah" alone hath . fione back living. Yet is there place for j wore! Enter ye who who would look uixm • tbe Hathor!" Now there rose a mighty wailing from the j •women. Tliey clung madly about the necks ef those-who were dear to them, and some citing not in vain. For the hearts of many ; failed them at the last, and they shrank from ! entering in. But a few of those who had i already looked upon the Hathor from afar, j perchance a score in all, struck the women I from them, and rushed up to the gates. t "Surely thou wilt not enter in," quoth Rei, flinging to the arm of the Wanderer. "Oil turn thy back on death, and come back with me, I pray thee turn." "Nay," said the Wanderer, "I will go iii." •Thin Rei the priest threw du*t upon his Jifitd, wept aloud, and turned and tied, never stepping I ill fie cmih- to the palace where sat M< nau-.eii liic t f'i»M n. No-.v Me- pr» »-t barred a, wicket in the fiai-t-S .>1 iirnt./.«.:. a.itd<HHJ byone tlinse who were «-tr»i.k(-ii i;l trie madness entered in. For ait of these h».d setn tlie Hathor many times from at::r without the v.all, and now they could no r.-M.re wi:!i»tai:d their longing. And as they •:nlfml two i.eher priests took them by the hand and iiounri their <-y<-s with cloths, so that unlesH they willed it they might not see the glory of tho Hathor, but only hear the sweetflt-ss of her voice. But two there were who would not be blindfolded, and of these one was that man whose wife had fainted by tho way; and the other was a man sightless from his youth. 1'or although he might not eee the beauty of the goddess this roan was made mad by the sweetness of her voice. 'How when all had entered in, save the Wanderer, there was a stir in the crowd, and a man rushed up. He was travel-stained ; he bad a black beard, black eyes, and a nose booked like a vulture's beak. "Hold," lie cries. "Hokl! Shut not the gates! Night and day have I journeyed from the host of the Apura who fly into the wilderness. Night and day I have journeyed, leaving wife and flocks and children and the promise of the land, that that I may. once more look upon the beauty of the Father. Shut not the gates V' " Pass in," said the priest, "pass in, so shall we be rid of one of those whom Khem nurtured tip to rob her." He entered, then, as tbe priest was about to bar the wicket the Wanderer strode forward, and his golden armour clashed beneath the portal. '' Wouldst thou indeed enter tothy doom, thon mighty lord," asked the priest, for he knew him well again. "Ay, I enter—but perchance not to my doom," answered the Wanderer. Then he passed in and the brazen gate was shut behind him. Now the two priests came forward to bind his eves; but this he would not endure. " Not so," he said ; " here am I come to see •what may be seen " Go to, thou madman, go to! and die the death," they answered, and led all the men to the centre of the courtyard whence they might see the Pylon top. Then the priests also covered up their eyes and cast themselves at length uiwn the ground; so, for awhile they lay, and all was silence within and without the court, for they waited the coming of tbe Hathor. The Wanderer glanced through the bars of bronze at the multitude gathered there. Silent they stood with upturned eyes, even the women bad ceased from weeping and stood in silence. He looked at those beside hiin. Their ban-, rlaged faces were lifted, and they stared (towards tlie Pylon top as though their vision g>ierced the cloths. Tue blind man, too, stared upward, and liis pale lips moved, but no feound came from them. Now, at the foot of the Pylon lay a little rim of shadow. Thinner tmd thinner it grew as the moments crept on (towards the perfect noon. 2fow there, was but a line, and now the line was gone; for the sun's red disc burned;bigh in the blue heaven straight above the Pylon brow. Then suddenly and from far there- came a faint sweet sound of singing, and at the first note of the sound a great siyh went up through the q\iiet air from all the multitude without^ Those who were near tin- Wanderer sighed also, and their lips .".lid fingers twitched, and he himself sighed, •though he knew not why. Nearer came the sweet sound of singing, and stronger it swelled, till presently those without the Temple gate who were on higher ground caught sight of her who sang. Then a hoarse roar went up from every throat, and madness took them.' On they rushed, dashing themselves r.gainst the gates of bronze and the stecjj walls on either side, and madly bea,t upon ,-tliem with their fists and. brows, and climbed on each other's shoulders, gnawing at 1 the bars with their teeth, crying to be let in. But the women threw their arms about them and' screamed curses on. her whose beajity. brought all men to madness. ' . ' . So it went on for awhile till presently the. Wanderer looked up and saw a shadow, fall through the air till it covered him like a veil. 'And lo ! tliere, upon the Pylon's brow, stood the woman's self, and at her coming all men were once more silent. She was tall and straight, clad in clinging white, but on her breast there glowed a .blood red ruby, stone, fashioned like a star, and from it fell red drops that stained for one moment the whiteness kjf her robes, and then the robe was white again. Her golden air was tossed this way and that, and shone in the sunlight; ber Jarms and neck were bare, and she held one baud before her eyes as though to hide the brightness of her beauty. For, indeed, she could not be called beautiful, but beauty itself. And they who had not loved saw in her that first love whom no man lias ever won, and they who had loved saw that first love wliom every man has lost. And all about .her rolled a glory, like the glory of tbe dying day. Sweetly she sang a song of promise, and her voice was the voice of each man's desire, and the heartof the Wanderer thrilled in answer to it as thrills a harp smitten by a cunning hand, and thus she sang:— Whom hast thou longed for most . Ti ne love of mine'' Whom hast thou loved and lost, Ln, she is thine! She that another ived Breaks from her vow; fslie that hutli long been dead Wakes for thee now. Dreams haunt-tbe hapless bed, (rliosts haunt the night, l.ife crowns her living hand, — - I.ove iind delisLt. Xsy not a dream or ghost, Nay, but divine— h'iie thou hast loved and Inst Waits to lie thine! She eeascd and a moan of desire went up from all who heard. Then the Wanderer saw that those beside him •tore at the bandages about their brows, and rent them loose. Only the priests who lay upon tbe ground stirred not though they also moaned. And now again she sang, still holding her hand before her face :— Ye that seek me, ye that sue me, Ye that, flock beneath my tower, Ye would win me, would undo me, -1 must perish in an hour. Dead before tlie love that slew me, clasped the Bride and crushed the flower. Hear the ivord, and mark the warning, J i ' w • i ! . • : Beauty lives bnt in your sight; Beauty fades from all men's scorning ln the watches of tlie night; Beauty wanes liefore the morning, and Loves dies in his delight. She ceased, and once more "there was silence Then suddenly she bent forward across the Pylon brow (so far that it seemed that she must fall), and stretching out her arms as though to clasp those beneath, showed all the glory of her loveliness. The Wanderer looked, then dropped his eyes as one who has seen the brightness of the noonday {sun. In the darkness of his mind the world was lost, and' he could think of nought save the clamour of the people which fretted his ears. They were all crying, and none were listening. " See! see!" shouted one. " Look at her hair ! it is dark as the raven's wing, and her eyes they are dark as night. Ob, my love, oh, love of mine 1" "See ! see!" cried another; "were ever skies so blue as those eyes of hers, was ever foam so wliite as those white arms." " Even so she looked whom once I wed many summers gone." murmured a third, "even so when I first drew her veiL Her's was that gentle smile, breaking like ripples on the water; her's that curling hair; her's that childish grace." *' Was ever woman so queenly made?" said a fourth. "Look now on the brow of pride, look now on the deep dark eyes of storm, the arched lips and the imperial air. Ah. here indeed is a goddess meet.for worship."; "Not so her," cried a fifth—that man (who had oome from the host of the Apura. "Pale she is and fair, tall indeed but dslicately shaped, -brown is her hair> and brown are her great eyes like the eyes of a stag, and ah, sadly she looked upon me, longing for my love." " My eyes are ojiened ;" screamed the blind man at the Wanderer's side. " My eyes are ojiened and I see the Pylon tower and the splendid sun. Love has touched me on «he eyes, and they are opened. But lo ! not one ;shape hath she, but many shapes. Oh, she is 'beauty's self, and no tongue may tell her glory. Let me die!. let .me die ! for my eyes are opened. I have looked on beauty's self! I know what all the world journeys on to seek, and why we die, and what we go to find in death." CHAPTER VL THE WARDENS OF THE GATE. The clamour swelled or sank, and the men called and cried the names of many women, some dead, some lost. Others were mute, silent in the presence of the World's Desire, silent as when we see lost faces in a dream. The Wanderer had looked once, and then cast down his eyes and stood with his face hidden in his hands. He alone waited, and strove to think; the rest were abandoned to the bewilderment of their passions and their ainay.e. What was it that he had. seen ? That which he had sought his whole life long; sought by sea and land, not knowing what he sought. For this he had wandered with a hungry heart, and now was the hunger of his heart to be apiJeased'! Between him and her was the unknown barrier and the invisible death. Was he to pass the unmarked boundary, to force those guarded gates,and achieve where all had failed V Had a magic-deceived his eyes— did he look but on a picture and a vision that some ait could call again from the haunted place of memory ? He sighed and looked again. Lo ! in his charmed sight a fair girl seemed ..to stand npon the Pylon brow, and on her head she bore a th'ning urn of bronze. He knew her now. Hu had seen ber thus at tbe Court of King Tyndaieuc u*> lie arose in > his chariot- through tbe ford of Eurotas. "Hins lie bad ftoezi ber in the dream on tbe Siient leie. Again he sighed and again he looked. Now, in his charmed sight a woman sit, whose face was the fa< e of the girl grown more lovely far,, , but sad with grief and touehed with fibaiue. ! He saw her and he knew her. So he bad j seen her in Troy towers- when lie stole thither ! jn a ljeggar s guise from the camp of the 1 Achft aim. So ne had seen her when she saved bis life in Hi OP. Again be sighed and again he looked, and now lie saw the GOLDEN HELEN. She fctood upon the fvIon's brow. - She stood •with arms outstretched, with eyes upturned, and on her shining faoe tliere was a smile like the infinite smile of the dawn. Oh, now, indeed^, he knew the shape that was lieauty's self—the innocent Spirit of Love sent on earth by the undying gods to ibe -the doom and the delight of men ; to draw them through the ways of strife to the unknown end. Awhile the Golden Helen stood thus looking np and out to the world beyond; to the peace beyond the strife; to the goal beyond the grave. Thus she stood while men scarce dared to breathe, summoning, all to come and take that which upon the earth is guarded so'invincibly. Then once more she sang, and as she sang elowly drew herself away, till at length sought was left of the vision of her save the eweetaess of her dying Bong. Who wins his love shall lose her, Who loses her shall gain, For still the spirit woos ber— A soul withoutastain; And memory stall pursues ber With longings not in vain! He loses her Who gains her, Wbo watches day by day; The dust of tame that stains ber, Tbe-griefs that leave ber grey, The flesh that yet enchains her, Whose grace batli passed away! . Oh happier he who gains not The love some seem to gain; Tbe joy that custom stains not Snail still with him remain; The loveliness that wanes not, The love that-ne'er can wane. In dreams she prows not older— > - The lands of dream among— Though all the world wax colder, Though all tlie songs be sung; , In dreams doth he behold her Still fair and kind and young. Now the silence died away, and again madness came upon those who had listened and looked. The men without the wall once more -hurled themselves against the gates-while the women dung to them, shrieking curses on the . -beauty of tbe Hathor, for the song meant nothing to these women, and their arms were about , those whom they loved and who won. them their bread. But most of - the-men who were in the outer oaart rushed - up to the inner igates, within which stood the alabaster shrine 'of the Hathor. Some flung themselves upon the [ground and clutched at it, as in dreams •men fling themselves down: to be saved from falling into a pit that has no bottom. Yet is in those evfl dreams men are drawn inch by .inch to the mouth of the pit' by ttn unseen hand;' these wretched men' were dragged along the ground by the might of-their-own desire. In Vain tlifey set their feet against the* stones to hold themselves from going, for -thev thrust forward yet more fiercely with their bands, and thus little by little drew near the'inner gates, writhing forwards-yet moving backwards like a. ounded snake dragged alongbyarope. Forof those who thus entered tlie outer court and looked on the Hathor few might go back alive. . :. Now the priests drew the cloths from their eyesi rose, and flung wide.the second gates, and there, but a little way off, the veil of the, shrine was wavering as in a wind. For now" the doors beyond the veil were thrown wide,, as might be serai when the wind swayed their Tyrian 'web, and through -the curtains came the sound of the same sweet singing. -'. Draw near! draw near!" cried the ancient priest. " Let him who would win the Hathor draw near!" . • '• \ '* " Now at first- the Wanderer was minded to rush on. . But. his desire had not wholly overcome him nor had his wisdom left him.. He took counsel with his heart and waited to. let the others go, and to see how it fared with them.. . The worshippers were now hurrying back and now starting _ onwards, as fear and longing seized them, till the man who was blind drew near, led by the hand of a priest, for his hound might not enter the second court of the Temple. '' Do ye fear he cried. " Cowards, I fear not. It is better to die, having looked upon the glory of the Hathor, than to live and never see her more. Set my face straight, ye priests—set _ my face straight; at the worst I can but die." So they led him as near the curtains as they dared to go and set his face straight. Then with a great cry he rushed on. But he was caught and whirled obout like a leaf in tlie wind, so that be fell. He' rose ' and again rushed 011, again to be whirled back. A.third time he arose and rushed on, smiting with his blind man's staff. The blow fell, and stayed iu mid-air, and there came a hollow sound as of a smitten shield, and the striff th?.t dealt the blow was shattered. Then there was a noise like the noise of clasliing swords, and the man instantly, sank down dead, though the Wau^ derer could see no wound upon him. "Draw near. Draw near." cried the priest again. "This one is fallen. Let him who would win the Hatbor draw near !" Then the man who had fied from the host of the Apura rushed forward, crying on the lion of .his tribe. Back he was hurled, aud back again : but at the third time once more tliere camo the sound of clashing swords, and he too fell dead. • "Draw near! Draw near!" cried the priest. " Another has fallen ! Let him who would win tlie Hathor draw near. And now man after man rushed on, to ba first hurled back, and then slain of the clashing swords. And at length all were slain save the Wanderer alone. Then the priest spake. "Wilt thou indeed rush on to doom, thou glorious man ? Thou hast seen the fate of many. Be warned and turn away." " Never did I turn from man or ghost, " said the Wanderer, and drawing his short sword he came nigh warily, covering his head with his broad shield, while the priests stood back to see him die. Now the 'Wanderer had marked that none were touched till they stood upon the very threshold of the doorway. Therefore he uttered a prayer to Aphrodite, and came on slowly till his feet were within bow's length of tbe threshold, and there he stood and listened. Now he could hear the very words of the song that the Hathor sung as she wove at her loom. So dread and-sweet it was that for awhile he thought no more on the guardians of the gate, nor of how he might win the wajr, nor of aught save the song. JFor she was singing shrill and clear in her own tiear tongue, the tongue of the Achseans. Paint "the threads of gold and scailet-, paint the battles fought for me; All the wars for Argive Helen; storm and sack by land or sea; All the tales of loves and sorrows that have been and are to be. . . i Faint lier lips that like a cup have pledged the lips of heroes all; Paint ber golden hair nnwhitened, while the many winters fall; Pa nt the beavi > • is mistress of the wide world and its thi -.i;: Paint the stems of ships and chariots—rain of arrows _ flying far; Paint the waves of warfare, leaping up at beauty like a star. Like a star that, pale and trembling, hangs about the waves of war. : Paint the ancient Hios fallen; paint tbe flames that scaled the sky When the foe was in tlie fortress, when the trumpet and the cry 'Rank of men in their, last onset—men whose hour had dawned to die. AVoe for me, once loved of all men—me that never \- yet have known :How to love the hearts that loved me—woe for me . who hear the moan- Of my lovers' ghosts that perished in their cities ' overthrown. Is there not of gods or" mortals, •;*!, ye gods! is there not one— " - :One whose heart shall mate with my heart, one to i love 'ere all be done— All Che tales of wars that shall be for my love beneath the sun? Now the song died away and the Wanderer once more bethought him of the wardens of thegates and of the battle which he must fight; But as he braced himself to rush on against the unseen foe the music of the singing swelled forth .again, and whether he willed it or willed it not, so sweet was its magic that there he must wait till the song was done. And now stronger and more gladly rang the sweet shrill voice, like the voice of -one who has made , moan through the live-long winter night, and now sees the chariot of dawn climbing the eastern sky. And thus the Hathor sang-— Ah, within my heart a hanger for the love nnfelt, unknown, Stirs at length and wakes and murmurs as a child that wakes to moan Left to sleep within some silent house of strangers and alone. •So my heart awakes, and waking moans with hunger and with cold; Cries in pains of dim remembrance for tbe joy thai was of old; For the love that was, that shall be, half forgot and half fortold. Have I dreamed it, or remembered? In another world was I? Lived and loved in alien seasons, moved beneath a golden sky, In acolden clime where never came the strife of men that die. But the gods themselves were jealous, for our bliss was over great, And they brought on us division, and the horror of their hate. And they set tbe snake between us and tbe twining coils of fate. And they said, " Go forth and seek each other's face and only find Shadows of that lace ye long for, dreams of days left far behind; Love the shadows and be loved with loTes tha waver as the wind." Once mure tlte sweet singing died avfajt, but »..the Wanderer grasped ius sword and tixed ihe broad slueld upon his arm he remembered tbc^dream of Meriamun the Queen which had been told him by Kei the priert. For in that dream twain who had sinned were made three, and through many deaths and lives must seek each-other's face. And-now it-seemed that the burden cf 'the. song wa*s the burden of tho dream. Then he thought 110 more on -dceamsxir songs or omens, but only uu the deadly foe that stood before liim wrapped in darkness, and on Helen, in whose arms be yet should lie, for so the goddess had sworn to bim in sea : girt Ithaca. He spoke no word, he naniud nt/ god, bat sprang forward as a lion springs from his bed of reeds, and, lo! his buckler clashed against shields that barred the way, and invisible arms seized him to hurl him back. But no weakling was the Wanderer thus to be mshed aside by magic; but the stoutest man { eft alive in the world now that Aias, Tela^ mon's son, was dead. .The priests wondered as they saw how he gave back never a step for all the might of the wardens of the gates; but b'ft-ed his short sword and hewed downward so terribly that fire leapt from the air when tbe short sword fell, the good short sword of Euryahis the Phumecian. Then came the clashing of the swords and from all the golden armour that once the god-like Pans wore, ay, from buckler, .helm, and grieves and breastplates, the sparks streamed np as they stream from the anvil of the smith when he emites great blows on swords made white with fire. Swift as hail fell the blows ef the unseen hlades upon the golden armour, but he who wore it took no harm, nor was it eo mnch as marked with the dint of the swords. So while tbe priests wondered at this miracle the viewless warders of the gate -smote at the Wanderer, and the Wanderer smote at them again. Then of .a sudden he knew this, that they who barred the path were gone, for no more blows fell, and his sword only cut the air. Then he rushed <m and passed behind the veil, and stood within the shrine. _ But as the -curtains swung behind him the singing r-ose again .upon the "air and he might not move; but stood fixed with his eyes gazing where, far up, a loom was set within the shrine. For the sound, of the'singing came from behind the great web gleaming in the loom, the sound of the song of Helen as she heard the swords clash, and the ringing of the harness of those whose knees were loosened in death. It was thus 6he sang— Clamour of iron'on iron, aiid'shrieiing or steel upon ' steel, Hark how they echo again: • Love with tlie dead is at war, and the-mortals are shaken and reel, The living are slain by the slain; Clamour of iron on iron, like music that chimes with a song. So with my life doth it ehime, ; And my footsteps must fall in a dance of Egrinys, a revel of wrong, Till the day of the passing of time. Ghosts of the dead that h'ave. loved me, your love hath been vanquished of death, -But nnvququishfed bydeatil is ypur hate. { Say, is tliere none that may woe me and win me of - all that draw breath,- Not one but is envied bf fete ? Now the song died, - and the Wanderer , looked up, and-before him stood three shadows ;of mighty men clad in armour, lie gazed fupon them, and he knew the blazons painted on shields ;. he&iifciv; them for heroes long dead, Pirithous, Theseus, and Aias. They looked npon him and then cried with one voice, " Hail to theej Odysseus of Ithaca, son-of Laertes." "Hail 1 to - thee," cried- the' Wanderer, Theseus, Argeus' eon. : Once before 1 didst thou go down iiito th'e home of Hades, and alive thou contest forth again. .Hast thoii' 1 crossed yet again the stream of Ocean, and dost thou live in the sunlight? -For of old I sought thee and found- thee not in the house of : Hades." • . . f . The-semblance of Theseus answered,."In the house of Hades : I abide this day, aud in tbe fields of Asphodel. But that thou seest is a ! shadow, sent-forth by the Queen Persephone,' \- to be the guard-of the beauty-of Helen.'" i " Hail to thee, Pirithous, Ixion's son," cried . the Wanderer again. "Hast thou yet won the ^ dread Persephone to be thy love ? And why doth Hades give his rival holiday to. wander in • the sunlight, for of .old I sought thee and found thee not in the house bf Hades.' Then the semblance of Pirithous answered, "In the house of Hades 1 dwell this day, • and this thou seest is but a shadow that goest . with the shadow the hero Theseus. For where he is am I, and where lie goes 1 go, and our veiy shadows are not sundered ; hut we guard the beauty of Helen." "Hail to thee, Adas, Telemon's son," cried the Wanderer. " Hast thon not forgotten thy wrath against me for the sake of those accursed arms that I won from thee, the arms of Achilles, son of Peleus ? For of old in the house of Hades I spoke to thee, but thou wouldst not • answer one word, so heavy was thine anger." Then the semblance of- Aias made answer, "With - iron upon iron, aiid the' stroke of bronze ou bronxe would I answer thee if I were ,-yet a- living man and looked upon the sunlight. But I smite-with a shadowy spear, and slay none but men foredoomed, and I am the shade of Aias-who dwells in Hades. Yet the Queen Persephone sent me forth to' be the guard of the beauty of Helen." Then the Wanderer spake. " Tell me, ye shadows of the sons of heroes, is tho way barred, and do the gods forbid it) or may I that am yet a; living man pass forward and gaze on that guard, on the beauty of Helen V" Then each of the three nodded with his head, and smote once upon his shield, saying— "Pass by. but look not back upon us till thcu liadst seen thy desire." Then the "Wanderer went by into the innermost chamber of the alabaster shrine. Now, when the shadows had spoken thus they grew dim and vanished, and the Wanderer as they had commanded drew slowly on up the alabaster shrine, till at length he stood on the hither side of the web upon the loom. It was a great web, wide and high, and hid all the innermost recesses of the shrine. ' Here he waited, not knowing what to do nor how he should break in upon the Hathor. As he stood wondering thus his buckler slipped from his loosened hand and clashed npon the marble floor, and as it clashed the voice of the Hathor took up the broken song. And thus she sang ever more sweetly— Ghosts of the dead that have loved me, your love hath been vanquished by death, Bnt unvanquished by death is your hate; Say, is there none that may woo me and win me of all that draw breath, Not one but-is envied of fate? None that may pass you unwonnded, unscathed of invisible spears. By the splendour of Zeus there is one, And he comes and my spirit is touched as Demeter is touched by the tears Of the spring and the kiss of thesnn. Yes, he comes; and my heart, that was chill as a late in the season of snow. Is molten and glows as with file. And the love that I knew not is born and he laughs in my heart, and I know The name and the flame of desire. As aflame am I kindled, a flame that is blown by a nind 1 rem the north, By a wind that- is deadly with cold, And the hope that awoke in me faints, for the love that is born shall go forth To my love, and shall die as of old. Now the song cobbed itself away, but the heart of the Wanderer echoed to its sweetness as a lyre .moans and thrills when the hand -of the striker is lifted from the strings. For a while he stood thus, hidden by the web upon the loom, while his limbs shook like the leaves of the tall poplar, and his face turned white as turn the poplar leaves. Then desire overcame him, and a longing he could not inaster, to look upon the face of her who sang, and he seized the web upon the loom and rent it with a great rending noise so that it fell down on either side of bim, and the gold coils rippled at his feet. 