1foveis _. ?Now OFIUS PtBmLns .] The Verdict Was-? sTORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND Fy Harold l.'. Mfackenzie, j.or of "The Squatter's Daughter." CILhPTER XVIII.-(Cost~o ED.) As the crow dies we are about a mile "-, Rippo, but by the road about half anile more. How the horse and rider rae to the creek behind us is a mystery, r by daylight the track's hard enough :fiollow. In any case, there the matter :ands; they got right there." The sergeant stood deep in thought ifr a few minutes, revolving in his mind :his extraordinary circumstance which like many other matters of a like character puzzled him considerably. " Well, we'd better retrace our steps, Tulloch, and make a minute examina tion of the track we've just left." The troopers once more turned in the direction from whence they came, picking their way carefully over the treacheroua ground which from long neglect of iraffic had become thickly overgrown with a perfect bower of prickly ereepers and other noxious plants. The sergeant had had much experience in cases of a mysterious nature, requiring nll the acumen of a mind trained to the business, yet here was one which alto gether seemed without the natural data to go upon." "I cannot dispel the idea from my Mind, Tulloch, that Liecombe was carried to that tree where the Chinamen found him; for it seems to me almost a moral impossibility that his horse could have hrought him to the place where we are tow." "In which case, I may presume, you ivre no credence to the accident theory, thinktng possibly it may have been acase of suicide." "More likely one of murder," rejoined Popham, regarding Tulloch with a look of determination in his face. "Then what has become of the horseo Surely some signs would have shown themselves before this. A horse is a more inconvenient article to dispose of than a man." "Yes, that's true enough, more especl ally a well-bred quad. like he rode. That kind of horse would be noticed anywhere in the colony and suspicion would natu rclly rest with the present owner. No ; I must confess that if it has been a case of foul play the perpetrator has made a rery complete job of it. The idea of making it look like an accident has been very successful. There has been no attempt to conceal anything and from what you've-told me the position of the body looked as if the head had come in violent contact with the tree. Is that not so T' Tulloch nodded assent, though he was very careful not to launch ouat into adis casion in which he knew that his fellow officer, from the way he Ihad of putting questions, might make him contradict himself. Tulloch was young in years compared to Popham, and with the natural im petosity of youth too ready to form hasty conclusions. Latterly, however, under such an ex periencea hand as Popham he was learn ig to keep a careful guard on his tongue which above all things was most necessary in the career he had chosen. They had arrived at the summit of the decline which led steeply to the bank of the creek, delaying for a time to make a areful survey of the place. "No imprints of hoofs would show on this ground," remarked Popham, looking down at the interwoven mass of under growth. " If there's been a struggle of any kind there would be no chance of seeing where It occurred. The horse may or may not bare come as far as this. What do you think r' Tulloch thought before speaking then ofered a suggestion. "The horse may have taken fright, trod in a hole or something else, pitched his rider where the Chinamen found him and, unable to stop himself, floundered into the stream and been seized by alli gator " " Good enough for a three volume novel,' replied Popham, laughingly. ",ust t'easure the track where we are now, for we must be ready to answer all questions at the inquest." The young trooper took the measure, rving Popham one end of it whilst he 'Panned the glade with the tape-line. " What do you make it 1" "Exactly two yards and a quarter." "hoWell, that doesn't sound much any Tulloch then wound the line in and re placed it in his pocket. "It's a cursed awkward place this to find anything, even supposing there was a ciue kicking about." The ferr.a and rank grasses grew In rtousa profusion owing to tha roof of branches twhich sheltered them from the 1'orous suntirays. The ground chich nourished them was ?, .. ,? ool ant nioist to. the touch even when.( the sun 'was warmest.( ) ..J ' ' The many pii3in'r irds loved 'this secluded home, darting in and out the olivenifid'6iiierald foliage withlumimage as gay and dazzling as had all the colors of a silk' factoiy been scattered through the forest. It was a.world of bright sunshine with. out, and those coriers -within where the light stole not seemed almost black by comparison. : " There's nothing more to be done here, I fancy, and to speak the truth I am considerably disappointed; we'll get back to the boat." The sergeant thence moved on in the direction indicated, but had not pro ceeded far when his eye was suddenly attracted by an object glittering in the sunshine not many feet from where he stood. "Hullos 1 ' We're on something at last "-stooping to pick it up-" a little more and I should have passed you alto gether,'my friend," addressing a hand somely chased silver hunting-flask which he examined closely. "I declare, there's a small drop of mountain dew still in itl" He poured the contents into a cup attached. \- " We'll have a drink on it, anyway,and good luck to us." Ho handed Tulloch 'i portion of the spirit which he put to his lips. "Good 'graciouis I man, what's the matter?" seeing that Tulloch .pulled a wry face and spat the contents on the ground." : "Matter i nly 'thbs .ast la Ieintk enough of it, it wvould kill me straight off. I haven't lived, all these years not to., know the ,taste of' drugged lupor."' ' : .Sergeant':'Popham at :this remark applied his nostrils to the stopper, which immediately convinced him that all was was not right." "Ah lhal poison in.- the 'cup, eh? This looks uncommon queer, to say the least of it., A lucky thing we've got some left for analysis. A stranger thing still," he continued, '"the initials en graved on thisarticle resemble very much "S.P." What is your opinion I" Tulloch took the flask and examined the letters in question, which left no room for doubt inhis mind that they were as stated. As h 'handed it back a knowing look overspread his features, which the ser geant was not slow in readis~g. "This can be the property of no less a person than our worthy young lord yonder," remarked Popham. "Yes, that belongs to or did belong to Sybil Prescott, and as far as I-know he wasn't in the habit of making expensive presents to Liscombe." The sergeant laughed to himself. " Neither expensive nor inexpensive. The only sort of present Liscombe might have received -would have been a black eye. I daresay he got that." The sergeant was now beginning to be more interested since the unearthing of this important link in the chain of evi-' dence which might lead to other and more important results." "There'll have to be an exhumation of the remains in order to see if there are any traces of poisoning in the stomach," said Popham. " That'll be anottier job for Brook, and not a pleasant one.either. No one guessed of such a thing as poison ing or attempted poisoning. This case promises some rather interesting fea tures, and looks very black' against Pres cott. He'll have to give a clear account of how Liscombe came to be in possession of this flask full of drugged whisky. Of course, circumstances may have occurred by which Liscombe was the rightful owner of the article but as we have said before it is not likely that Prescott wade him a present of it." " He might have done so," re marked Tulloch, "when it contained poison." "That, my friend, we'll prove, or I'm a Dutchman. A man who's drugged might certainly have an inclination to dash his brains out against a tree, and whether Maurice Liscombe's death has been that of his own doing or the work of another this vile compound is indirectly the cause." " Even the drop which I swallowed has made me feel quite queer," said Tul loch. "Queensland liquor's got a bad name, but I'm hanged if you can beat itat by much." The young officer cast a look of disgust at the flask and a tremor went through his body. " And now, lad, we'll gethome as soon as we can," said Popham, carefully secret ing the flash about his person. They had reached the memorable tree where the Chinese had made their dis covery in order to make a thorough ex amination of this giant of the forest. The Celestials were lying fast asleep in the bottom of the craft, dreaming per chance of their early return to the Flowery Land, rich in this world's goods. " Hi there I you lazy dogs ; wake up. We do all the work while you sleep and dream." In an instant the grinning, sleepy looking creatures had sprung to their oars and were once more ready for the return journey. " Our day, after all, has been success ful," said Tulloch, as they were sculled down the silent igarape and once more emerged on to the broad, fast-flowing river, all golden-hued in the red light of a setting sun. "Not a word, remember," said the sergeant, when the boat had reached Thornton. The public, however, was soon astir when it learned of the officera' re turn, but gleaned not a word of what had taken place. CHAPTER XIX. SMs MzOHT VISITOs. Immediately on. the return of the police officers to Thornton Sergeant Pop ham lost no time in making his way to the residence of Dr. Brook in order to hand over the flask and its contents. The small cottage was situated about a quarter of a mile from the police bar racks on the Townsville road, surrounded by a pretty garden which was the especial care of Dr. Brook. "Nothing like exercise for the muscles; and digging is the best way to develop them," he would say when an acquaint ance passed and saw him with shirt sleeves rolled to the elbow. It was almost dark when Sergeant Popham arrived at the small wicket-gate and found Dr. Brook turning over the black soil. " Ah, doctor 1 Hard at it, as usual, I see." The jovial doctor immediately saluted him with a hearty "How are you, sergeantI Come in and make yourself at home. Anything fresh on the wing ?" The polipe officer did as-he was ~bif and there being little daylight 1ft tlhe doctor threw down his sp.de and saunteredeon tothe.verandah.withop._ ham; "This is an unexpected pleasiser'ser; geant. In the first place, you look very dry,. and I ziuit ?confess that 'my.iown throat res'embles a lime-kiln more than anything else, so let us have some claret and long sodas." The invitation sounded cool and re: freshing to the senses, more. especially when, as everybody knew, Dr.: Brook kept imported claret and that good of its sort. "I'll have none of that confounded Colonial rubbish. It's all very well people saying that you get to like it in time,' but for my part I never could. Too new and heady, sir. Too new and heady." And as the worthy man uttered these words he let down a canvas bag from the rafters of the verandah. ' "Now I'll be bound you'll get no better wine than this either in or out of the colony." . He then proceeded to lift from the cool water a bottle of choice claret knb'whi as' the Chdaeau MAfrgauxz. The sergeant looked on, and would have preferred whisky if he had had his choice, but he knew that the doctor eschewed spirits in the Queenslaid cli mate as he would poison. "Now for some soda-water and a clear apiece, and we'll hear what you've got to say, Popham." . The news which the latter was about to impart to Dr. Brook was of so private i dtiarads that he turised instinctively round lest anyonae tigit be listening. "We're perfectly safe from eaves droppers, I hope ?" asked Popham. "Yes, my dear air; not a soul within ear-shot except my aged ;and much respected housekeeper, whose as deaf as a post, poor thing." The sergeant'then went into details' of' the day's doings;, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with-great interest, more especially when the, circumstances.in. connection: withl the finding of Prescott's flask were narrated. " So that's the article, is it 1" said the doctor, examining the beautifully-chased work and sniffing at the contents. "I can't say what may be in it, but cer tainly it hasn't the bouguet of a good genuine whisky. However, in this part of the world that's nothing new. .Were all liquors unadulterated, we might con gratulate ourselves that the millennium had arrived. \- "And," put in Popham, "less work for thedoctors, eh 1" *" Quite so ; our occupation in a men sure would bhe gone. Why, half the hbospitals are kept open by the sale of poisonous liquors. I've about half-a-dozen cases of deliriumn tremens in our own small one here. . I maintain that hot as this climate is, if people only confined them selves to light wines or, better still, wholesome temperance drinks,theywould be as healthy in North Queensland as in any other part of the world." The doctor after this took a long draught of the claret-and-soda which stood in the socket of his cane-lounge, thinking it was well he had included light wines in the list of harmless beverages. "But this is straying from the ques ticn. You require me to make a careful analysis of the liquor and should any traces of a noxious character be found, to produce a written statement and hand it over." "That's the nature of the business," answered Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison be discovered, to order an exhumation of Liscombe's remains and make an examination of the sto mach." "Quite so; the' only examination I have yet made has been of the skull, and as far as it goes there is nothing to show how the fracture was made. It might have been caused by a blow from a stick, or else have been the result of accident, pure and simple, such as a fall from a horse. - In any case, if there are traces of poison in the whisky I will immedi ately make a thorough examination of the stomach." "It looks fishy," said the sergeant, "the flask having Prescott's monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go very much against him." The sergeant talked to the doctor unre strainedly, knowing that whatever passed between them would be kept in strict secrecy. "You are hard at work getting to gether all the evidence in your power, I suppose ?" "Yes, and a pretty business it is. At best we have only evidence of a purely circumstantial nature and that scarcely enough to arrest anyone upon." "I'll have to look alive," said the doc tor, "in order to get mine ready by the 18th. What-is your opinion about Pres cott 1" The sergeant for a moment hardly liked to make reply to such an outspoken question, stroking his moustache and gazing into space as was his custom whenever anything of a perplexing character cropped up. After a moment he& made reply: "Well, doctor, either that he is the most cunning and designing scoundrel, or else innocent of the basest crime that man can be charged with." "'He'm I that doesn't tell me much. For my part, I've always had thie highest opinion of Prescott, and cannot see what motive there was for getting rid of Lis combe. It's clear that they agreed about as well as a keg of gunpowder and a lighted match, but still there must be a very broad line between bearing ani mosity against a man and doing away with him. No, I can't believe that Pres cott is the slayer of the Ianager of Rap Remember," said Popham, "there were £3500 at stake. A man don't care about parting with that when he thinks he can see his way clear to retaining jt." "Mercenary motives, I am aware, have a good deal to do with the taking of men's lives. In fact, in nine cases out of ten, murders result from that and that alone. But to tell me that Prescott did away with Liscombe over a money trane action is more than I can credit." "Well, doctor, how do you reconcile that idea in your mind with those docu ments which were found in Liscombe s saddle-pouch ? It appears tome that our young friend had a double reason for dis posing of the manager, though when all's said and done Liscombe was as bad as Prescott, if the death of Dogdale rests on the latter's shoulders.. He can only be proceeded against on one charge at a time, and to a certainty the question of how Dugdale met his death cannot be an sweredsatisfactoriiy. What we have to prove is whether in view of past circum stances there existed any reason in his mind for killing Liscombe." Great as the impartiality of British justice may appear in giving prisoners the benefit of a doubt, there very oftqn appears amongst the detective force an undue and over-anxious desire to find someone guilty. \-- ..... I) rjtee ies', like mostpthcer membersbo aKncmmdnily, have touaedthirtd'aily. bread and at times this n-cessary com .modity--isahardly e.+---ddand- oftentoo'art the risk of their a .. !ives. "r-Still`lhe fact must : enain that in many cases their.errors of judgment are un. pardonable when a man.-is a~irested on a charge of which he is wholly innocent. In therr endeavors to earn for them. aselves praise of the World, handsome re muneration .and speedy promotion, there is a tendency to overshoot the mark. Sergeanit Popham had had manysuo. cessful coups, and in this particular.in. stance comforted himself in the belief that he .knew where, to. lay hands on-the right person. -It wvas past eleven o'ciock when Pop. ham rose to take his departure. "To-morrow, then, you'll set to work, -doctor, and I hope furnish us with some valuable information. After this the trooper sauntered through'the trim little garden with its wealth of flowering shrub:. and plants,' .sending:forth their aromatic fragrance on the still Might'air. The quiet highway whiiM led through` thickly-grown clumps of 'pandauus,palms and .bamboos, looked dreary' enough as he tramped along, sending up the fiEle white dust which lay ankle- deep.oi the roadway. . - The sound of his foot-fall on the solid hardwood rafters of the bridge whichi spanned the river-alone broke the calm repose of the small town. . The night was close and alnmist s ifling in its character within' doors, so 'mch so that Popham resolved not to retire forth with, knowing full well that little or no sieep.would come to refresh him. He according. filled liimself.a pipe of tobacco niid stretched himself in a hamn mock which occupied a corner of the verandah. He went over again in his mind the events of the day which he felt sure were about to' throw strong light on the nature of Maurice Liscombe's death. If there were traces of poison in'the liquor-of. which- he' had not the' leIst doubt-the question must be answered. " "Who-was to blame ?" There could be little doubt either that the flask which bore Sybil's monogram was not Liscombe's property. It was midnight. The palms and bamboos were stirred by a gentle breeze which ruffled their feathery tops, the flapping wings of some flying-fox as it darted chrough space, might be heard, or the mournful cry of a jungle-fowl piping until the eastern light would appear. The sergeant was as thoroughly prac tical in character as a man could well be. No superstitious fanbies ever found their way into his clear and far-seeing mind, though his home in the old country had been associated with all manner of blood curdling legends handed down from gene ration to generation and believed in to the letter by the old villagers who were as ignorant as people generally are-born, bred and dying in one spot. " I daresay I should have grown up ex actly the same, had I stayed there," he said to himself, his thoughts travelling back to the old Lancashire village. "Romance is all very well, but when a man's starving there's devilish little ro mance in him. And that's been my ex perience before now, and in Australia, too, where they say a man can't starve if he's willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the old country. It's simply ignorance of the lowest order. Put some of my old chums in the bush for a year or so and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked out of them." What had led the sergeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was nrore than he himself could have said. " My God I there's a ghost I" he sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the ham mock and gazing steadily at an appari tion which stood motionless at the garden gate. " Am I dreaming No, sure enough, I'm awake." The sergeant gave himself a pinch in order to make certain. At first the sudden appearance of such a sight somewhat startled him, but in another instant he walked quickly down in the direction of his nocturnal visitor. "By heavens, it's Lucy" hlie said, be ginning to recognise the well-known fea. tures of the popular bar- maid. " What on earth can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too?" He was right. The figure before him was Lucy G.ullem, clad in naught else but her robe de nuit, and her long raven treses falling in wavy masses about her shoulders and neck. Her eyes were wide open, large, lustrous and black, yet there seemed no whit of expression there. She was asleep-as sound asleep as if she had neverstirred from her bed. " What the devil shall I do with her ?" the sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady Macbeth-like visitor. To awaken her he was determined not to, having heard that such a thing might prove fatal, - more especially when he knew the highly nervous state of this girl's temperament. It was the first time in his life that he had ever been confronted by such a sight, and hoped it would be the last. "Well, it's no use standing looking at her all night, though she is nice. I've never before seen her look so fetchitig. MIy word, how the boys would laugh if they only knew of this. Lucy at my house at this hour!". The sergeant smiled at the bare idea of such a thing and congratulated himself on the fact that there was no eye witness of the scene. "No one shall hear. of it, I'm deter mined, and so the sooner I can get her back to bed the better. Good evening, Lucy, will you give me a whisky and bitters, please 1". The sergeant thought this a good way of opening the coinversation, being about the most natural question he could have asked. The girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gazed steadily before her. - "I can't stand this much longer. Per haps she'll come inside if I ask her. Won't you rest yourself a moment; the afternoon is warm ?" "Thank you, if you'll keep secret what I'm about to say." P,,pham took her hand in his and led her up to the verandah. " I won't come any further," she re marked; 'I I'm pressed foir time. In fact, it's past ten now, but I hid to come. I could not rest till I told you." "Calm'yoturself, Lucy, and tell me all. You? may rely upon me keeping every thing tomyself." ' "Ah I sergeant, in- you, perhaps, I have my one and only friend. People may call themselves my friends, but I know better. Can a bar-maid be a friend of anyone's ? Look what she has to go through, the people she must smile at and pretend to like. Ah! the whole thing is simply a burlesque from begin ning to end. But in yous, sergeant.I know that I- can put my trust." .. 'with'sny preciou stones df-a duubtful character, which Popham held gently. ?'7 -And:now for my stoy ' d sleep to-night when I went to bed, with this dreadful'ivdight A 6'iny mind, so dressed myself and came up hero.'" : The sergeant gazed down at the em broidered robe of tte' ?iionambulist and smiled at'the idea. " I knew that the body :of IMaurice Liscombe would be found sooner or later. 'Murder will out' is a true saying, and has proved so; in this case. I have come here to give you some strong evidence, which will bring that man to justice.".. "- Who is that man "? Lucy at this question went off into a high-pitched scream 'of' laughter, de moniacal and unnatural in sound. "How can. you ask that question ?" she said when she had recovered her composure. " Why, Syhil Prescott 'is Liscombe's murderer. Oh! doil't look surprised. The word sounds harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. 'Aye,as true as over a thing was in this life." The sergeant heeded not thle statement made by the woman in her present state, yet withal there was an irresistible fasci nation to' listen to 'all she had "to say. "To brinfigSybil Prescott to justice is my purpose.. Those, documents which tell so much against' him are' as nothing beside what I have seen with my own eyes. I know their contents, but how I know them don't iask me. There was a flask belonging to Prescott which, if it were recovered, weould prove something that he might not like. . That flask was given to Liscombe the night when herode to his death." " What did it contain ?' asked the ser goanit. "It contained poison.' Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ah l a swoman was not given her reasohing for nothing. I told Maurice of this--told. him to pour every, drop of it' away, as soinething said within me all was not right. " I heard someone in the bar this evening talking about drugged liquor, so perhaps people may know more about the matter than we suppose. ' Why should Prescott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to drink I A thing that he has never in his life done before: The reason is not hard to guess. You know as much as I do about both of them. I will say no more. Know this, sergeant, that the blood of Liscoinbe is on that young man's hands. Arrest him without delay , and :?give.; him his deserts." .. ; Lucy by.this time had wound herself up to an unnaturarl pitch of excitement,' so much,?sothat Poplihiiiabegan to fear that she would awaken. ` Notso, however. She still held on with-'her rambling and at times incoherent accourit:of what she wished the police oflicer to believe. "Maurice Liscombe was kind to me, though I never liked him. 'I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was it He was' ahready an engaged nien. How handsome, how noble I thought he was. He'could never be mine. All has happened for the best. My life would have been linked with- that of a murderer's, for he was none other than Sybil Prescott., Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape:. Time is going; I must get home again. ,Will you walk as far as the gate 1 I feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How elsc could Maurice have been killed unless as I have said by poison ? What will a man not do when he is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like he had ? Ahl I the thought is horrible, hor rible, horrible I" As she. uttered the .words she moved slowly down the steps, beckoning Pop ham to follow. At the gate she whispered in his ear: . "Remember, let no one know,.what I have told you." In another instant she had vanished through the darkness along the shadowy rond. Popham watched her out of sight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to go inside and if possible sleep it off. "Evidence coming in this fashion is darned strange. Someone or another will have a hot time of it."' Soon the eyes of the trooper closed in sleep and for the time he was quite obli vious that there had ever lived such a per son as Maurice Liscombe. CHAPTER ' XX. THE ARREar. "Sybil Julian Prescott, I arrest.you for the wilful murder of one Maurice Lis combe l" Such were the wordsuttereda few days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which were enough to have struck terror into the heart of the hardest' of criminals; but with Sybil, though grim enough when pronounced in the sergeant's stentorian voice, taken little heed of. The scene of thearrest was the verandah of Sybil's house at Rappoe. As was customary, now that Maurice Liscombe was no more, he and Roycroft would often'take an alfreseo bireakfast on the broad, shady verandah. Whilst par taking of coffee, rolls and luscious trdpic fruits the eye could be refreshed with the bright emerald foliage of the cane-fields, all glisteni.g and cool-looking under the first rays of an early sun. How many times had they sat there, talking of all manner of things, and not the least of them many and many a time before discussed in all its bearings thle case of which Sybil now formed the cen tral figure. It is a well known thing among the police that often an arrest is made in one quarter in order that another'party of whom they have suspicion may be thrown offhis guard. With criminals, as a rule, when their evil instincts prompt them to commit a crime their conduct is oftentimes marked in after actions by folly and cowardice, though previously they had had enough courage to carry out their designs. What gladder tidings can be carried to the ears of any law- transgressor than to hear that for the crimne of which he alone is guilty anothier and an innocent man has been arrested? He gloats and chuckles to himself at the idea of such a thing and would willingly go and see him suffer the last penalty of the law hather than raise a finger to save him. He little dreams that by assuming such an air of nonchalance he is really prepar ing for himself that noose which he had so fondly calculated was waiting for anothir. The pollce areready to note everything that he may say or do. Theyshadow himn' day and.nighlt, wvching him when he leastsuspects; ayan: and "e'ris talk aid drink'witlhhim.- - '-.. "'JTliey plyhitin withi..*hlisky, ?i'ad" learni i?uch'94that otfie iwfe 'le would have ,feared' to touth upon-' in his sober moments. At lengthbya word let slip, appear to, the general public, he incrimi nates him6solf" 'In "aitiitnt the iron bands encircle his wrists. He is a pri- I boner, and no one more astonished than himself. ' Had Sergeant Pophamni.rested: Sybil in' order to make the arrest of another more certaini ? No one could say. ,As an officer who know what ; his duty waii nobody ques- a tinned for a 'moment. - -: The case was in his hands for solution, and the first step towards bringing the I slayer of Liecombe to justice had been I taken. The public would look on and follow each stage of the proceedings with that voracious appetiteo -for. supping upon horrors which.is so characteristic of the average law-court lounger. * Though the inquest had been fixed for a certain date, it was necessary to post- a pone it for a week later in ' order that the witnesses might have due notice and that I any further evidence forthcoming might I also be obtained: "Will there be no time to write a letter or settle other matters ?" inquired Sybil as Pophini and Tulloch stood before his, chair. . "'ve ..much ,to .say. that I should like.?:' Could you give me an hour ?" " Very sorry to say, sir, that we can't. Our orders are to take you without delay a to Thornton.' No d6ihbt you'll be able to do any business there that you may re quire.. .? There'll be a 'clear:week before the inquest, during which you'll have plenty of time to yourself." A grim smile .overspread Sybil's face at the thoughts of that wearyweek before him. And who could-say,- perhaps, how many weary weeks there might not 1 be after that, supposing they found him guilty?': - As Roycroft heard the stern older of Sergeant Popham, he drew Sybil aside, scarcely. able, to .articulate clearly the comforting words which he Wished -to say. - - With an. effort, however, he mastered himself. "Bear up, old boy; the crisis lhs come at last. . You show nothing of what you feel; were 'you to do" so, perhaps, you I would appear less plucky than you really are. I'll have the horses saddled without delay, and we'll ride .to Thornton under escort." His last words were almost spoken in a j jocular manner, as lie ran 'down the steps and took a path in the direction of.the stables. Whilst Roycroft was absent, Sybil and the troopers remained-beside the break. fast table. Had these stern guardians of the law been off duty they'would readily have ac cepted the light wines and cigars which Sybil so kindly offered. As it was, however, they could ac cept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at all. They weroe'stolid as Sphinxes, looking steadily before them over' the waving cane-tops, bending to the morning breeze with a sad, mournful sound like the waves of the sea. And this world of'sunshine, this broad, far-stretching panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which merry birds piped their songs-and dusky savages laughed and invelled, was to be exchanged for the dark, unwholesome atmosphere of a felon's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his eye roamed at will across the familiar landscape far away towards that fruiwning fortress-like rock of Grazubrook, where poor Chris tine watched and hoped for his re turn. Ah I cruel enough he thought it all, but easy to bear were she not made to suffer on his account. This was a thought, sharp as an arrow entering his side, which maddened-him to dwell upon. '" Why should she be made to suffer?" he kept repeating to himself. And then his eye was suddenly at tracted by the ornamental hilt of Pop ham's revolver, protruding from its case. Flight never enterel his mind, and he oven smiled to himself at the idea of such a weapon being carried on his account. Though his rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descriptions, no thought of ever carrying one in self-defence had ever ocdurred to him. " I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it," he had often said when stories of "nigger- potting," as it is familiarly termed, were told him by another. "Some, no doubt," lihe thought, "would have taken to the bush immediately when they had known there was a chance of being arrested, cramming as many shoot ing irons and daggers into their belt as would terrify a host. I see nothing in it, as ten chances to one the capture would have been effected all the same. These troopers shoot straight, which is not always the caeo with those who carry most weapons of defence. Besides, what have I to escape from? God and my conscience tell me what is right, and that's enough." By this time Roycroft had brought up the horses which Sybil and he were going to ride to the township. How fresh and well-conditioned they appeared in the bright morning light, turning their heads in the direction of their comfortable' loose-boxes, from whlence'came the neighing of stable. companions. SAll. these every-day trifles were now taken note of by Sybil as he satin moody silence. " Seost, no doubt, have experienced the same.when, perhaps, for the last time they are looking.at some well known scene in which everything, be it small or great, leaves an impression long to be remembered when years have rolled their course. "Shall I be permitted to.accompany Mr. Prescott " asked Roycroft of the sergeant as they were making prepara tions for the start. "By all ineans. No doubt your ser vices will'be of use to the prisoner. He may have messages to send."' How harsh the word prisoner sounded to the ears of the young fellows, though a common enough one with Pop ham. "Then we're all ready. Tulloch, do you take up the rear whilst I ride in front. Remember, Mr. Prescott, this is more as a matter of form than anything else. We have no fear that you will try to escape." Sybil had been arrested so quietly that scarcely anyone on the plantation was' aware of it. SThe quartette were riding down one of the quiet cane-glades, whence came the sharp ring of ki'ives and joyois refrain of the islanders, as the long bamboos fell in heaps ready for garnering. They little dreamed that' their master was beingl hurried forward to answer questions before a tribunal on so hideous Sa ciliargc.-(T'o be catisrscd.) - :- ' Wu i 