HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th. 1842, the good 6hip " Mary Gompton/* of Bristol, England, eras struggling with a fearful gale off the ooast •f North America. The wind blew furiously, bat the weather was (dear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the !i»i iN>ur. Once there, and thejr were safe. .•>...«• hi* position, he sailed on coniicUutly. l«'ivu minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthousekeeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit? " You arc beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had oome to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No, for he might be wrong—and in any case he had DO business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her' (symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she oould scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "allobjects seemed to go in to a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and deep. I could scarcely orawl about the house," she eays, " I was 80 weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Brigeate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine ; you oan take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite, and had lost flesh till I was thin at a ghost/ My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stiok in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up Was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 0 o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East-street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson'e, the Chemist, in Great Garden- street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Moon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time J had -finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was . •ut of work, and we had only a trifle coming ! in from his club, but I thank God I did get it ': at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All , my friends and neighbours know the facta I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed) Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Breadstreet, York-road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly. weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had bo tale to tell. She did wrong to wait •ne hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 17,24,31zv 