|a jgukney across sibekia BY JAMES CAMPEELL. I'ROil VLADIVOSTOK TO EASDOLXOI It was ti glorious June n.oraing when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits. Our tarantasses were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, bat between the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion, We had scarcely gone half a mile before oar fiery steeds, ambitions apparently of outflying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cabman by the hour. The tarantass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest] fault to fin£l with it—that might be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth—but the fault beyond all others is that it is without sptihgs, and therefore, every part of -our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough and we travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on rough roads this delectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no convenience for carrying it outside, and luggage .is not the pleasantest^ of things to sleep on. The: Tmobav arid oo^ners.-; are distinctly in evidenoe dnringthfi nigltt) as the yemtshiks theu drive fist, being anxious -to get to their journey's end, and fearing robbers. One may have dozed off at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash, or your tarantass lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and fury of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adaptability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I eould sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjustment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The road led along the. shores of Victoria Bay. It is sn :altoe^ther charming route, with' pretty hills and valleys, the latter- debouching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts —the verst is two- thirds of a mile—we came to a. pose-station, and I iiad;^5efore me the. first'sample of the hundreds that la^ in front 3gf:ine. The Russian Government has put'a Network of post routes* over the face of the empire, aud the system is a splendid one for facilitating communication. The .stations are let by contract,' the "-.contractor being compelled to'- keep, so many- troikas, of iorses,. ] a £roQta " being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, as elsewhere. The central horse is between the shafts, and trots. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The oataide horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left and the other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two iMBnettSe gpotes of interrogation. -3£e post statibns en-the Siberian route Sgep from three troikas to 15, ; and' £j}&£{st is fiied by the Governmentlit from ' to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better understandea of the people £ am writing for, you"., get three nojses "to carry you 20} miles for r.-a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown ra. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s., 6d. per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutsk; east of that town the p^ipe.is dpublfi.. Yet it only emphasises the great ifut'- of political economy,' so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst the difference between prices in various-countries may be immense, the difference in values may be very little. The horses are just as well fed as those in Australia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as -fine. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has .much more of ail good things than the Siberian yemtshik, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact. is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying much more; bat, "because yfeinflate 'all ronnd,. it practically radubefe things back to exchanging articles with high figuresattached to them, whilst the real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man. a hat at 20B., and he charges me a;dajf > »woi& at 20s., we stand'just the same as- if we had agreed for 10s. or Is., and', in this- simple statement will be found the eolation of many of the facts of the world where low-prieed labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to; be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. The real faetors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of population, the productive capacity of the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the second post station X met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I came from Australia. He made some very luiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found oat that the idea that all Russian officers can speak another language than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact could speak nothing but Russian, or, at best, a few words of liVench or German. The best linjguists pf the world, as far as the official and and -tipper' piaas^B - are concerned' are undoub^Kfliy the pdtch;: then the Germans, and af^; |hem the Rnasians. IVhai l eay the ' * I am not sore vith are the Banes, Norweffiaru^r wid ^aU.ofthaee sarnaram^far thbl∈ y^fces of- eTO^j^^^&^^^-spealfing >ptegfCTetywB«ew s-ft X-^tMak "1 have said 'ore,' and if sot-'Xsaay^it &ew;, that the Amerioan^.and -Australians shape to be'the ^wor&3ingoista&£; the world because of-tlimr ^isolation. "ISyen with the reservations jliave jnJc. jAmjfc tin. T^l. ifr fa ttiU ten» -that tfaa1R»OTHtiH are excellent an4,:tliei* jm^iupiatiQin of any n&nirls; "'tot: JmpRt^rlo any other nation. This may airiseP from the great variety of sounds in their, own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start -was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to-drizzle, and about S o'clock it was raining torrents. Hie whole of the Amoor Province coast is noted for wet, no less than 230 days out of the year being rainy, it became dark as pitch, and at last we got bogged. We had to get out and trudge along- the muddy road, slipping and stumbling as we went: I began to reflect upon the factthat I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to- be if the first 50 turned ont in this fashion. Trudging wearify on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself further if I was quite sane when I first resolved to undertake this journey. I knew -some of my friends had no manner of doabt whatever—they thought I was as mad as a March hare, and the doubt began to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average mania a comfortloving rabbit, easily scared by discomforts and dearly loving his own burrow, hating strange food and strange beds, prepared to rash with'rapture over the glories of the -Himalayas, if you take him w the heights in a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if he can do it in a first-class carriage. The stay-athome shopkeeper spirits are the special bites noires of travellers, and to fed that they are right and you are wrong is peculiarly galling to the enterprising souls who break, fresh ground or depart from beaten, and therefore comfortable tracks. Thusmusing, with a certain bitterness oi unreasonable resentment against some good folks at home, as if they were in some fashion responsible for my troubles now. I plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I would not go back at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics ! At last the dim lights of the little town of Easdolnoi came in sight, and about half-past 10 we were iu shelter for the nisrht. It was a miserable post station—one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It wa not the deep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had beenmore comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more effectually than Banquo's ghost. "FTis splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of snoriings and heavy, cannons of longdrawn snormgs, exceeded anything I had ever, heard in my life,. ^elMher Russians took -it all calmly, and then dropped off, though they commented npon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done } under such circumstances ? I could not j talk to him, send even if I could, ' don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not Jiis fault. "We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith, to bring $9 ends of heaven and earth together; will some-practical lover of his species invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans? That would be genius- yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a- landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth. .. We rah- albngSde the River Soifnn part of the way, and.8ome,of its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint £ sHonld--ffappo6e it wall ibecome n&vigatte; for «-eofisl&ex;&ble; distance from its mouttf" for moderate-sized craft. We passed oyera good deal ofcoqntry greatly resembling the soil 'jgsd^Miks of Kyneton, io'w beginning to w occopied. Iiv was a lovdy-oountry, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from "Vladivostok, which I asked myself a hundred times before I left Siberia, what will this country be P The quality of the Soil was a revelation, the beauty ofthe scenery a surprise," and the fact> that it has -stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the A moor provinces are likely to become. 