WRITTEN IN RED; THE CONSPIEACfr JN THE NOKTH . 'CASE.* A STOBY OF BOSTON. 'By Ohas. Montagus amd C. W, Dyab. CHAPTER I.— Fookd Bbid. xne private office of North and Stackhouse; \- Srtate street feankera and brokers, contained on the morning of .Friday, 16tfc June, 1887, ra geoapof anxious and excited mea, whose con versation plainly indicated that-their uneasiness was caused by the continaed wad -unexplained absence of I'aul North, the senior partner; In State street tarcles, North and Stackhouse w«redassea among the ' plungers.' For the first two years of the firm's existence, indeed. Were bad been but slight departure from the conservative , policy followed by Mr. North, who, when in the brokerage business on his own account, had been content with a modest office in-a comparatively quiet street leading eastward from Post-office square. But under the lead of Mr. Stackhouse— an energetic man of forty, ten years his partner's junior— banking had been added to brokerage, and the firm had become known as the pro moter of many daring enterprises. Nicaragua Midland was a specialty with .North and Stackhouse. In season and out of eason, Nicaragua Midland had been ' boomed' with a persistency that caused some of the older magnates of ' the street' to shake their headB ominously, but which had attracted, neverthe less, the admiration and co-operation of a mul titude of people. Not all who invested their earnings under the advice of North aiid Stackhouse had, it is true, found the venture profitable. But for the most part the losers had borne their ill-fortune manfully, without complain ing. Few angry outbursts from disappointed patrons had disturbed the opitimistic hopes' of the bright-eyed speculators, who month after month had made the rooms of these Slate street bankers and brokers their favourite haunts. Twelve days previous to this June morning in 1S87, however, a curious letter in an un known hand had been laid on Mr. North's desk. The writing was an odd sort of scrawl, -uncertain in its lines, but legible enough. This was the missive : — 'My Dear Sir,— I am a desperate man, ruined by your manipulations of the property entrusted to your hands. I must have money enough to begin life again. I onlyask for a little back out of all you robbed me of, but that little I must have. There is only one thing for you to do. Draw a cheque for one thousand dol lars, payable to bearer, and enclose it, addressed to me, at the post- office, Boston. If you fail in this, I swear to shoot you down as I would a mad dog. If you are wise, you will not refer this matter to the police. That act would be your death-warrant. — Daniel Stickney.' _ Paul North, to whom personally this threaten ing letter was addressed, had consulted his partner in some little uneasiness of mind. ' It's all nonsense,' Mr. Stackhouse had said confidently. 'A mere practical joke of some Broker who wants to frighten you. A few of them were nipped in the last turn of the market in our favour, you know, and perhaps they told North and Stackhouse responsible. But if the matter disturbs you at all, why turn the letter over to the police. They'll attend to it. wia most look after Nicaragua Midland very sharply this week, North, and have no time to bother our heads about trifles.' Nevertheless, Mr. North had troubled him self about the matter sufficiently to put the letter into the hands of Inspector Applebee for euch action as seemed proper. Upon the advice of that quietly efficient per sonage, a decoy letter had been written by Mr. Jforth, enclosing a cheque for LOOOdoL, payable xo beaver. J An officer in citizen's clothes had been sta tioned on duty constantly at the post-office, but ?on Darnel Stickney had called for the letter addressed to his name. Asa precaution against anv possible over sight, payment of the cheque had been stopped at the bask, a precaution which, thus far, had proved equally useless. ' Just as I told you,' Stackhouse had said to His partner after a few days. 'A broker's practical joke.' The letter soon passed out of mind, for busi ness cares weighed heavily on both partners. ^What had long been feared had taken place. Tne market had become very 'bearish.' All mocks felt the mysterious influence of de pression, and among the very firtt to fall was Nicaragua Midland!. So absorbed and anxious had Mr. North become that he could talk and think of little ex cept the market and its prospects. \£as it altogether on the subject of Nicaragua ilialand that he had held conference late in the afternoon of the 15th of June, with one of the chief investors, though not a director in the ^f^?a M^nd-Mr. Kichard Fetridge ? Whether or not, the interview had not been finished at the office ; for the two men had been «een to walk away together, still talking earnestly. ° Old Jbbson, the veteran clerk of the firm,had looked after them as they passed up the street. It's a tight time for North and Stack nouse,' he had saia to himself, shaking *his nead. ' If things don't take an upwardturn wry soon, I'm afraid to-morrow's meeting of racaragua directors will do precious little good I' The junior partner had left the office hours oefere, outwardly calm. Whatever bis fore bodings may have been, Thornton Stackhouee was not the man to allow his troubles to show xbemselves in look or manner. Paul North was the father-in-law of his busi aess associate, and Thornton Stackhouse made bis home in summer time at Mr. North's spacious villa at Swampscott, from whose nroad windows the occupants enjoved an ex nflaratang prospect of the sail- flecked ocean. ♦vf! JS? o^?* » the morning of this Friday, ™? 16tt of June, the directors of Nicaragua Midland had assembled, pursuant to call, inthe office of North and StacKhouse. Half an hour later every face wore a look of anxious expec tation. *^ **I don't understand it at all,' exclaimed Stacknouse, nervously walking up and down. m North is the most punctual of men, as you all Snow. Ho must be ill.' « m !'? echoed one of the directors. ' Wasn't Iforth all right when you left him at Swamp scott this morning ?' Mil Stackhouse waved his hand impatiently. 'I didn't go down to the shore last night,' ^returned, shortly. 'Stayed in town with a fnand. I left North here in this office about turee o clock in the afternoon, and haven't laid eyes on him since!' 'Why don't you telegraph to hiB house?' asked a little man near tne door. ' It's strange he hasn't sent some word himse'f before this time. But I suppose he's £11, and his daugh tore are so worried about him that they have forgotten to send. Just like women !'? the testy little bachelor added. The suggestion was acted upon instantly. After an interminable delay a response came, evoking a simultaneous murmur of 'dismay and Hie interchange of apprehensive looks. m-m WJ. ^ . ' 8wahpscojt, June 16. 'Mr. North must have stayed in town. He has not been here since yesterday morning. 'Cosifost Haewood.' ' Strange J»* ejaculated Stackhouse. ringing the bell as he spoke. ' Send Mr. Jobson m,' he added, the next moment, to the waiting messenger. The old clerk was in the room before the Messenger had left it, trembling all over with senile agitation, ' At what time did Mr. North leave the office yesterday afternoon ?' Stackhouse demanded, Abruptly. . *? It was after five o'clock, air.' *? Was he alone?' ' No, sir. Mr. Fetridge was with, bim.' ** Probably went out of town somewhere with Fetridge,' suggested one of the directors. *?' Delayed— missed a train. Very provoking! On this day, too, of all others' But send round to Fetridge's office and see if he has been heard Jrom.' Unasked, the old clerk took upon himself the dufrjr of messenger, and the party anxiously awaited bis return. But one question and answer were interchanged meanwhile. 'Has Nicaragua been quoted to-day, Stack, iouse?' the little old bachelor queried. 'Yes. Offered at 9. No takers. Off a point already, you see.' The Bound of footsteps and voices in the outer office announced to the anxious ear of Stack house the coming of Mr. Fetridge himself. The broker stepped forward. ?♦Well?' It was evident at first sight that the new comer was unduly agitated. He was a stalwart, hand some fellow, certainly not beyond thirty years of age. ' I cannot imagine where North s ny more Him you,' he exclaimed, withouc w iting for ^nsstion. 'I walked up the street with him yesterday afternoon, after a talk in his office.' ' Where did you leave him?' Fetridge flushed and seemed considering a xeply. All eyes were turned on him. 'I don't know .the exact print,' he satf, at Jan. 'At the corner of State and Washington «h?eets,J think it was.' Stacthousn, who was very nervous and more ?ftibliahecl *y special arrangement with Messrs. fflntfffiTIi ? ? - affected taan the occasion seemed to require, stared at Fetridge blankly, as if utterly at a loss to accocnt for his confusion. ' 'Hm town hdnseis closed ^or the summer,' he suggested, Jus eyes stflr on Fetrjdge's face. ?'He must havegone to some hotel.'' 'Send a messenger to make the rounds!' excitedly demanded tie little bacheler. Bichard Fetridge seemed to find the situation snaccouhtafbly embarrassing.' He had no advice to offer. Stackhonse particularly appeared to disconcert bim. Murmuring something about having left a man waiting for him at bis office, and that he ?presumed North would tie found speedily, he hastened out and betook himself in the direction of his place of business. The necessity of haetein bis return, however, seemed to become less obvious to him after he reached the open air. He stood stock still with his foot upon the flight of stairs leading to his office, and then, under the stress of a sudden thought, wheeled abruptly and walked energetically back up the street. In five minutes he was in police headquarters at Pemberton square, inquiring anxiously of the official to whom the clerk referred him whether any notification, of the disappearance of Paul North had been sent to him.'' The official pro fessed ignorance of the matter. ' When was he last seen, sir f »» 'Yesterday afternoon about five o'clock, going up State street from his office,' Fetridge rejoined, avoiding further detail. And hastened to add: 'He has a town house at — Marlboro street, you know. Perhaps it isn't my place to suggest it, but don't the police in such cases have authority to enter a man's premises if ? » Fetridge hesitated. The official observed him narrowly, wondering, no doubt, why he was so obviously agitated. ' Undoubtedly ; if his friends desired it, and had any reason to believe that there was any thing the matter, the police would enter tne house.' Fetridge thereupon urged the official to obtain permission from Thornton Stackhouse to make a search of the premises. He was unable to give any direct reason, and unwilling to put into words any definite suspicion, but he showed by his conduct that he had both. Eventually a messenger was despatched in search of Stackhouse, who thereupon responded in person. He seemed a little surprised to see Fetridge, and the official noted that there was a constrainedness and a lack of cordiality between the two men. Their opinions, how ever, coincided upon the matter in question. ' By all means,' said Stackhouse, ' search the house in Marlboro street. It is my resi dence as well as North's, and I authorise you —if the men sent are discreet and trust worthy.' The official arose. ' Then I will send word at once by telephone to Station 4. You don't happen to have a key to the house about you ?' ' Why, no,' returned the partner. ' My keys are in my wife's care at Swampscott, or I should have gone to the house myself.' The message was sent, and while the police of the 4th division were acting in accordance therewith, Stackhouse and Fetridge sat waiting at headquarters, the quiet broken only by the scratching of the busy pen of a clerk. No. ? Marlboro street was a broad, brown house, the counterpart of half a hundred other dwellings within a stone's throw of Paul North's town residence. As the sergeant and patrolman of the 4th division neared the place they observed the outer door at the entrance, and saw that all the windows in the basement and first storey were barred or shuttered. Curtaine, closely drawn, lent a cheerless and deserted appearance to the windows above. 'And yet,' remarked the sergeant, as he went up the steps, ' somebody has been here. The outer door is open ; the vestibule door un locked.' It was indeed true, and led at once to the conclusion that Paul North was within. The officer rang the bell. But though the summons was repeated again and again it awoke no responsive life inside the walls of the darkened, echoing house. The sergeant calmly came to the conclusion that an entrance must be forced, and after a brief inspection of the premises, sent Johnson, the officer, in quest of a ladder. The ladder was obtained from the nearest depository of the fire department, and the officers were soon in ^the rear of Paul North's residence. It took but a minute to open the door of the yard. In another minute the ladder rested againBt a brick wall, and Officer Johnson, with a curious piece of flexible steel in his grasp, had pushed back the lock of a curtained window in the second story. 'A bedroom,' said the sergeant, pulling up the curtain with some difficulty, when they were both inside ; ' bed untouched, however. Door open into that dark roGm in front. Other door open — to the corridor, no doubt.' The sergeant led the way through a door diagonally opposite the window by which they hadgained entrance. It was the corridor, as he had expected. He set out methodically to peer into the rooms as he went along, but he met with an obstacle at the very outset. At the head of the broad front Btaircase the door refused to yield to his pressure beyond a limited degree. Officer Johnson was about to push the«oor vigorously when he was stopped by a warning gesture from bis superior. As the patrolman stepped back the sergeant, pressing against the door as lightly as possible, hsinuated bis way into the unvisited room. A half-stifled cry brought his subordinate to his side. ' Don't move it ! Don't touch it!' whis pered the sergeant, putting an admonitory hand on the officer's shoulder. It was by no means horror which inspired his utterance. Both men looked down upon a figure, lying with outstretched, clutching bands, close against the door. With the caution of experience the sergeant bent down, and placed bis hand over the heart. ' Dead !' he said in a moment, half to him self, half to his companion, and straightened up without losing bis composure. Officer Johnson, new to the force and to this kind of experience, by no means preserved his presence of mind in the emergency, and held fast to the Bergeant. The room, seen through the twilight, had a weird, uncanny look ; the tables, enswathed in their coverings, seemed coffin shaped, and the chandelier, in its shroud of brown holland, might have been a ghost pointing down to the inanimate figure on the floor. 'What's that on the wall by the door?' whispered Officer Johnson, pointing withshak ingfingex. The sergeant had opened the window almost before bis companion had finished the sentence. In the glare of the sudden instreaming sun light on the tinted wall, low down, near the door by which the body lay, was a scrawl in dull red. ' Stockhart— Stackhaus— Stockhouj !' Thus the sergeant, as they both stared with all their eyes. 'There's a 'Stack,' or 'Stock,' written there,' said the officer, positively. 'What ever the rest may mean, that much is certain.'* He was still gazing at the message when he received a peremptory order to proceed to the station and notify the authorities. 'For there's a hue anl cry coming out of this thing, or I'm no prophet,' the sergeant eaid. - And as he waited for the coming of his as sociates the sergeant looked down thought fully at the sliest figure. What an uproax and commotion in the community would follow this discovery, so quietly made in the nt chamber ! * The sergeant was philosopher enough in his way to think of this and to mutter to ninmnif as he kept bis lonely watch — ' Within twenty-four Sours, for all you lie there so silent and utter no sound, the thoughts and conjectures of a million peop e will centre about you, and Heaven knows how many lives and loves you will make and break befoie you are through with them !' The sergeant was quite right. The arm of a dead man may have a tremendous power to threaten and control, and Paul North dead might work more mischief still than Paul North living. CHAPTER IL— A. Peefume— as op a Woman. Philosophically reflecting, Sergeant Parr con tinued, nevertheless, a careful scrutiny of the apartment. It was beyond a doubt a library, for the backb of books showed behind the sheets that covered certain articles of furniture of large bulk. The adjoining room was in all probability the sleeping chamber of the master of the house. A casual inspection satisfied the officer that the bed had not been occupied since it was last made up. But there was something more important vtiU in the sergeant's estimation to be ascer tained, and on that he bad ample lime to reach a settled conviction. It was evident at first sipht that the man w the floor had come to bis death by reason of a bullet wound. If his own hand had been responsible for the deed, the suicidal weapon most be somewhere about. And as a careful search failed to reveal any trace of »uch a weapon, the sergeant had made up bis mind long previous to the arrival of the investigating party that the case was a very serious one 'and involved at the outset a deep mystery. . The ecene soon changed. The room gradually filled with alert and dignified men, whose profeBsien made their attendance at such times a natter of too frequent occurrence to permit of their exhibiting any other fHrip£jj ment in tfee presence of tha.gnm witness of -violent death zhah aireen andspeculative SubX- ; ness interest. In the vestibule , below, two officers were stationed *o challenge everybody who attempted to enter the house. Already in front of the building, so quickly and mysteriously does evil news disseminate itself, was gathered a throng .which: stared with; fascinated horror at the upper windows and at every fresh ingoer andoutcomer. Sergt. -Parr bad. long since recognised .In-; specter Applebee, and had whispered in .cis par thatit was going to be a 'big ease.' ' So ?' said the inspector, lifting his eye brows and half gmiiiTig- . A moment :later he was grave and apparently unconcerned. Dr. Jarrett, the medical examinerf or the dis trict in which the body was found, came to the scene in a carriage. Till he arrived nothing was done. The State imposes upon the judg ment and good sense of these officials grave re ponsibuities. In three minutes after bis horse stopped in front of the house. Dr. Jarrett was at work examining, questioning, weighing the evidences in bis own mind. The casual observer would have looked in vain amongst those quiet officialsfor theinevit able reporter. Evidently the newspaper man was barred put! Not at all. The public who look for a notebook, and expect to nnd in such circumstances a meddlesome young man writ ing with ghoul-like activity, would Aever have suspected the short, thick-set, black- haired, gentlemanly young man who talked, to each person present in an easy way, which showed that he was personally acquainted with every one. Instead of flourishing a note book — the insignia of the property of the reporter of the theatre, and of the beginners in the profession — this man had no better use for his hands than a mechanical fondling of the pendant to his watch chain —a trick which in some mysterious manner seemed to help him to think. Al though he was young, his experience in criminal affairs, combined with bis natural ability, had made his sagacity equal to that of anybody present, while his trustworthiness and re liability enabled bim to be oftentimes in im portant cases a confidant of ' the authorities. This was Kingman F. Thomas, of the Boston Globe. The medical examiner arose from a brief inspection of the body, which was already identified as that of Paul Noith, the State Street financier. Everybody looked at him curiously, but his imperturbable face told no tales. ' Nothing has been disturbed ?' he asked of the sergeant. ' We knew our business, sir. Everything is exactly as we found it.' ' An !' No more and no less, came ia a matter-of-fact tone from the medical examiner's lips. ' Well, doctor,' said Mr. Thomas, ' how is it?' ' I shall perform an autopsy.' This was said quietly. The medical ex aminer refrained from advancing his opinion at this stage, but Thomas understood that the determination to perform an autopsy in dicated serious suspicion on the physician's part. There was a tremuldous touch on his shoulder, and he turned to meet the eyes of a man whom he did not know. ' What— what is that writing on the wall down there by the door?' asked a shaking voice. ' This is a friend of the family, doctor,' interposed Inspector Applebee, by way of accounting for this unfamiliar presence here. ' He was Mr. North's partner. Naturally he is very much overcome.' Tn tones that were a trifle steadier, Mr. Stackhouse repeated Ma question. Bending down to seek, an answer himself, he started back, and would have fallen but for the opportune aid of the newspaper man. *' A horrible sight ! I cannot look at it,' he muttered, putting his hand over his eyes. ' Tell me what you make it out ?'' A glance of intelligence passed between the inspector and tile sergeant. Each divined per fectly what had brought such a shock to the mind of Paul North's partner. Each, under stood fully the man's unspoken fear. Meanwhile Dr. Jarrett, applying certain mysterioustests, seemed more intent upon de termining the medium of thiB strange message than the message itself. ' Written in blood,' he said, eventually, looking steadily at Stackhouse; 'and the condition of the forefinger of the right hand seems to indicate that the dead man wrote it.' He paused and Stackhouse sank into a chair. ' But, what odds ? The writing will endure, gentlemen. We have other things to do.' He gave the inspector a meaning look and resumed his work. Thomas lost not a detail of this scene. But now, with inspector Applebee as his dose companion, the library and the adjoin ing room were examined minutely. The room had been used very recently. Regarding that point, there was no possibility of doubt. Chairs had been moved from their accustomed places. On the opened desk, which Mr. Stack house at once identified as his partner's, stood, amid a heap of tumbled papers, a drop light. Near by, a burnt match. Obviously the windows had not been touched. The adjoining room, -vouched for as Paul North's chamber by his partner, soon re covering his self-control, bore no traces of occupancy. As the doox was open be tween it and the library, it was plain that the master of the house must have passed through, the room. He had not slept there, for the bed's surface was unruffled, and not a fold of the pillows had been disturbed. ' One thing is evident,' eaid Thomas. 'This man was sot killed for money. I saw the doctor take a well-filled pocket-book from bis person, and not a thing in the house appears to have been disturbed.' A call from Dr. Jarrett summoned the two men back into the chamber of death. 'You bad better look for the bullet, gentle men,' he said, quietly. 'It is evident that it went dear through him, and it is surely no where about his clothing.' Instantly everbody was examining the room, the furniture, the walls, the carpet. But, for some time, it appeared that the ball had been spirited away as mysteriously as the fatal weapon from which it had been fired. *' Hallo !' exclaimed Thomas, suddenly, as he pointed to the wall, 'what's that up there above that picture ?' Thomas was painting to a slight protuberance in the surface of the wall, directly opposite the bay window, near the ceiling. 'What, that?' exclaimed the inspector. ' Impossible ! It is quite ten feet away from the floor.' ' But it's a bullet, none the less,' said Thomas, who had already mounted on a chair and begun to ascertain* the distance of the .puncture above the carpet. ' You are right, inspector,' he said. ' It is nine feet eleven inches, from the floor, and is driven in diagonally, as if ithad been fired from the corner of the bay window over there near the writing desk.'' ' I can't understand that at all,' said the inspector. ' It must have been deflected in its course somehow to have got there. The man was evidently shot in the breast. His clothes in front are simply one mass of blood. Ah ! I see. There was more than one shot fired. This is a stray balL' The house was searched from top to bottom. Nowhere was any trace of intrusion. ' If Mr. North slept here at all last night,' said the inspector, ' it must have been in his chair in his library.'' Dr. Jarrett assented. Sergeant Parr, who had been notified from the fourth division that he need no longer remain on duty in tne place, willingly volunteered to take, as he went out, a message to the captain in charge of the division. 'I have sent for an ambulance,' Dr. Jarret explained to the group that surrounded frim in Paul North's chamber. 'The body will be taken to the morgue, and I will hold an autopsy at once. As Mr. North's partner is here, I will waive the usual for malities, and state beforehand that there is little doubt that an inquest will take place, though I would ask reporters not to make any such direct announcement.' Mr. Stackhouse bowed. ' I quite understand,' sir,' he said, ' and whatever testimony I can give I shall offer most willingly. But now I feel that I should take the terrible news to the family — my wife, you know, was Mr. North's daughter. As Mr. btacKnouse went his way up the shady side of Marlboro Street, an initiated observer would hardly have failed to note that another man followed in his wake upon the opposite pavement. The quiet reporter meanwhile had busied himself in making a diagram of the second storey of the *forth house, which appeared the next morning in his paper. Thomas sat cross-legged on oae of the chairs in the unoccupied chamber through which the officers had originally entered, making a rough sketch on the back of an envelope with a stubby pencil, when he was elightiy startled by the unexpected presence of a man at his elbow. 'Well, Thomas?' ' Ah, inspector.' ' How does it look to you ?' ' Queer.' ' What are you going to say about it ?' ' That it's a dead mystery— unless we make some unexpected discovery in the next half hour.'r ? £ -WeD, mayjteyou^re right. ^Ajb^'^^y norbbbery^it doesn't app^- as yet wny^e BhouMJiave3-een killed.' ;-: ? ..'Sb?'; . ' ..-.:? .- ??:'.,. ..- 'Butof course you have your theory. V '- 'When it comes to a matter of theories,' returned Applebee, mischievously, 'a plain policeman like myself can't hold a candle to you newspaper fellows.' ' ... ? -. ? 'I see, you' don't intend to. answer ques tions,' said Thomas. 'X suppose I may state that the police are already on the track of the murderer,' and that important arrests are momentarily expected ?' ' State what you please. You will, any way,' the inspector returned, with a Blight frown. ' No, I didn't come to answer questions, as you say. I came. td ask them.' 'Better than nothing. What are they?' ' In the first place, did you know North ?' 'Just to the same extent that I know hun dreds of men. I have seen him, talked with him — you know how and where.' 'In the line of your work, you mean F' ' ' Exactly. He was what I call a professional acquaintance. When we met in a-crowd I saw North, the wealthy broker, but he saw only — the crowd. Poor fellow ! with all biB resources he couldn't stop that bullet. Meantime, nobody thinks it worth while to shoot simple K. F.Thomas.' 'Well, I doubt that, too. I've heard the proposition seriously discussed at headquarters. Joking aside, what does rumour say about North's private lite f Was he still young in spite of his fifty years, or was be one of your quiet stay-at-homes?' ' So far as rumour reached me, he was a business man and nothing else. Anybody that ever saw Paul North, it seems to me, would say that he was too much engrossed in his life- long chase of the almighty dollar to have time for follies.' ' Then, as to his family ?'f ' They tell me he has two daughters, both beauties. I never saw them, however. His wife, I believe, is dead.' ' How did he stand in financial circles?' Thomas uttered a contemptuous laugh. 'North and Stackhouse? Ask any broker.' 'Bad?' 'Better put it that they showed too much enterprise to please conservative business men. That's the most charitable construction I can put on it.' ' You didn't invest anything in their rail road, did you, Thomas ?' the inspector asked, quizzically. 'Did I? No, sir. I'm not Jay Gould, and, if I had been, I should have known enough to have kept out of Nicaragua Midland. That was a fraud, inspector; one of those frauds you can suspect, but never prove ; one of the numerous - suppressed ' stories kept on file in a newspaper office ; one of the truths you can't print because it would libel some high- toned rascal whom the law is framed to protect !' ' Humph ! You have not a very high opinion of North and Stackhouse?' Thomas shrugged his shoulders. 'Socially, they're gentlemen. Men who handle miUions can never come down to the level of common thieves.' ' They must be, then, enormously rich ?' ' On the contrary, they are regarded as ex tremely shaky.' 'So? And what have they done with these millions ?' ' Got caught in their own trap. An unex pected twist in the market burnt their hands . off. Oh, it's all the same in stocks. Sou can think yourself ever so clever— but I'm talking too much, inspector. I am saying things on my mere surmises that no newspaper would dare to print. Still, you wanted my opinion, and you have it. It will be of no use, I sup pose, to ask yours in return ?' Thomas gave Applebee a keen look, under the influence of which the inspector momen tarily closed his eyes, as if afraid that the re porter might surprise bis thoughts there. ' Some clients of North and Stackhouse have no very pleasant feelings towards them, I pre sume, on account of this Nicaragua scheme ?' he adroitly queried, as if to change the subject. It was adroit for that reason. While appear ing to avoid a direct answer, he was, in reality, putting the very question which he desired to have answered. Did the reporter suspect ? There was not the faintest indication, either i Vis ^manner or bis qniet reply, that he did. ' Some of the poor fools who invested their money in that scheme would very likely hold the firm morally responsible for raining them.' ' Ah !'said the inspector,! as he turned away. ' I suppose so. But Fm forgetting my- case in listening to you.' The fact was, Inspector Applebee was en deavouring to establish some connection between the anonymous threatening letter which, ten days before, had been placed in his bands by the late Paul North, and this violent death. ' But, in fliat case,' he thought, ' why has not the money being called for. at the post office? Is it possible that the writer of that letter was in a position to know, that the matter jiad been placed in my hands ?. I must move cautiously in this affair or ruin it at the outset.' Not long after Mr. Thomas's departure, most of Applebee*8 associates left the .house, the medical examiner going firs]; of all. Paul North's body had been taken away in the undertaker's waggon, but the inspector and one officer still remained upon the premises. Quite by accident, as he was coming down the staircase which connected the library.floor with the storey above, after a prowl through the darkened rooms in the upper part of the house, the inspector's eye caught the gleam of some thing white. He picked it up. It was a tiny lace handkerchief, such as a dainty 'woman often carries, but a man never. This was the thought that flashed through the inspector's mind to give place in stantly to another. That subtle, delicate perfume ! In all bis long experience Inspector Applebee had never in 'Ah!'he'thoughtashe held up the filmy lace and looked at it more closely. 'But I might have known it from the first. A woman in the case !' He pressed it again to bis nose and put it carefully away in a pocket-book. On second thought he removed it, and made doubly sure of retaining the perfume by wrapping it in heavy glazed writing paper. ' Some day,' he reflected, ' I may meet this scent somewhere, and it will be better not to have to trust to my memory to recall it.' CHAPTER HL— Me. Lamm Aestjjies Com FIJCAS35D BjELATIOSTS. About two o'clock in the afternoon of the day Paul North was found dead, Detective Lamm, pursuing the even contemplative tenor of Mb way by the old Granary burying ground, found himself suddenly arm in arm with an excited gentleman whose face he did not recall. 'Mr. Lamm?' questioned Mr. Bichard Fetridge. ' That is my name, sir.** 'Excuse me. I know you. I need your service at once. I have unlimited money at my disposal. You have been recommended to me by trusted friends as most discreet in your calling. Gome with me ! ' And. without giving Mr. Lamm time to make demur to theBe hurried, disjointed remarks, Bichard Fetridge, still with the detective's arm in his grasp, hurried him down Tremont street, up Beacon street and Somerset street, and so into Pemberton square. If Detective Lamm had a momentous suspicion that this imperative gentleman was demented, a sidelong glance reassured him on that point. He had made physiognomy a study, and in his companion's face he read not lunacy, but unusual excite ment. The two were in Mr. Fetridge's private office, and the door secured against intrusion 'before Detective Lamm's vis-d-vis declared him self. 'Pardon my abruptness,'' said Fetridge. 'Pressing business must be my excuse. Not to waste time in preamble!. Detective Lamm, I want to retain your services in a matter of vital interest to me. You shall fix the amount of compensation yourself. Now will you undertake this service?' Mr. Lamm looked at him calmly. 'That depends somewhat upon the nature of the business in hand,' he said, drily. ' Oh, it's perfectly legitimate,' went on Mr. Fetridge. ' It's this terrible murder in Marl boro street— the killing of Paul North. He was my friend ; X am on intimate terms with the family; and I wish to be kept fully posted on the progress of the work of detecting the guilty party.' 'Umba! You have a keen interest in this mattery «ir !' . ' Why, detective,' said Fetridge, edging his chair closer, ' I have good reason to be eager in this matter. As man to man, I tell you here that I believe the guilty man in this case to be Paul North's partner !' The detective remained utterly unmoved, but grave and attentive. ' Mr. Thornton Stackhonse ?' ' Of course,'' said Fetridge quickly. ' I make this statement absolutely in confidence. I wouldn't condemn the man publicly on my simple suspicious.'7 ' Oh, of course not.' ? 'But I tell you, sir.' Fetridge resumed pacing the floor excitedly, ' I know the man to be a villain. I inow him for a scoundrel, and -^good heavens! Poof North! Poor. Marion! What a misfortune!' A man more agitated than Mr. .Richard Fetridge over a similar affair certainly had never fallen under Detective Lamm's observa tion. He droppedsuddenlyintoachair,«nd was jressing his sands against his temples as if to still the throbbings of a violent headache. The detectivewatchedhim under his eyebrows. Now that he knew his name he remembered that he had heard of him as a young lawyer, who had recently fallen heir to a large fortune, .and it seemed to him too that he could dimly recall having heard him referred to as the Apollo Belvidere of State Street. ?' 'You will, of course, acquaint me with the reasons for your suspicions ?' ill-. Lamm mildly suggested, by way of bringing his now motionless client to a realisation of his but-. roundings. Fetridge awoke from his tranc with a start. ' Reasons ?' he echoed. ' No '. Certainly not! Wby should I?' ' It might be well for me to work on at the start, Mr. Fetridge.' Fetridge was now on his feet again, and took two- or three turns up and down the apartment in thoughtful silence. ' No,' he said at last, pausing in front of the detective. ' No, I see no reason for telling you — not yet, certainly. It would not aid you in the least. It would simply convince you that Stackhouse might have had a motive, and a strong one. As for anything else, you would be left as much in the dark as I am.' ' I would urge upon you — ' 'Itisuseless/'interruptedFetridge. 'There are family reasons for my silence. I am a friend of the famfly. Why, if iff hadn't been so I should have gone at once with aU I know to the police. But there are some things, Lamm, which the least said about the better — and Stackhouse's incentive to this deed of violence is one of them.' ^Umha' (the detective had a habit of pre facing his discourse with this reflective grunt), ' North had quite a family ?' ' He has two daughters j sir.' Fetridge had resumed his walk. ' Young ? Unmarried ?' 'What? Don't you know? The eldest, Marion, is Thornton Stackhcuse's wife. The younger, Stella, is seventeen.' 'And Mrs. North?' ' Dead these fifteen years. Her sister, Com f ort Harwood, is the housekeeper. The family are at the beach at Swampscott — still, I pre sume, in ignorance of the awful cloud which is hanging over them. Poor girls ! Poor old Aunt Comfort ! I say, Lamm, you'll undertake the case, won't you ? If there is any disgrace 1 can save this bereaved family, I am bound to do it. I want to employ you to hunt up evidence in behalf of the family and to report to me as rapidly as possible. In fact, I wish to know, if it can be done, all the evidence the police have when the inquest is called. I won't conceal from*you that the attitude I shall take on that occasion may be governed largely by what you tell me. And, by the way. when is the inquest likely to be held?' ' It is a delay of days or weeks, as the police determine.' 'Very well, and in the meantime I may count upon your undivided services. You un derstand, what I want. I am always at my office here, or you may telegraph me at the Beach. Whenever there is,any development in this sad affair, I desire to know it with as brief delay as possible. Whether it helps or hinders my suspicions of Stackhouse in the case is not to the present purpose. Facts are what I wish to ascertain ; and there is nobody who can arrive at the facts more surely or more quickly than you — and this is not flattery, either !'' Mr. Lamm made a deprecatory gesture. 'Well, Mr. Fetridge, no man can make a fairer offer than you've made, and under the circumstances I'll be very glad to take up the case and see what I can make of it. Count upon me to let you know when I have found anything of the slightest value.' 'I certainly shall, detective,' .returned Fetridge, whose face expressed the satisfaction he felt at securing such an ally. And so the conference ended. Detective Lamm, now turning his steps to wards his own office, not far away, bethought himself that this man Stackhouse, whom he knew very well by sight, would be likely to oc cupy a large share of his time and attention for many days to come. It came as a surprise, even to his imper turbable nature, to find that the first face to look into, bis as he entered his office w&b; the face of Thornton. Stackhouse. But Detective Lamm was quite equal to the occasion. *' Were you -waiting to see me?' he asked, in his most matter-of-fact tones. A quick look had assured him that the banker, though less excited in manner than his recent client, was certainly not positively free from agitation. ' Yes,' said 'MV- Stacthouse, taking a riinMr in response to the detective's beckoning invita tion. ' My name is Thornton Stackhouse. I have come almost directly from the house of my partner, Paul North. You know of course, about bis death — his murder?' Mr. Lamm bowed, twirling a pen between bis fingers, and waited for his companion to continue. ' Perhaps I need not recount all the circum stances, detective, that combine to make this a very difficult and delicate case. You will readily understand, without my saying any thing further, that the very best and most con fidential advice is requisite. And that is precisely why I came here, Mr. Lamm, to en list your services in getting at the facts — all the facts — of this mysterions crime. Now, can I secure you? There will be a handsome com pensation — you will have all the *time and money needed to carry on your investigatum.' Detective Lamm, looking at the wall and still twirling the pen in his hands, seemed to be considering what engagements he had made with which Mb new commisson might conflict. At least, such was the impression of Thornton Stackhouse. ' I don't know,' the detective said, slowly at last.' ' I have a great deal of business just now — more than I can properly handle, in fact. It depends upon what yon want. Was there any particular point you wished to present to my attention, Mr. Stackhonse, or was it simply that you wished me to ascertain facts and re port to you f ' Mr. Stackhouse looked at the door with some vague apprehension. 'We* shall not be disturbed,' said the de tective ; ' I sprang the lock as I came in.' Mr. Stackhouse brought his chair close to the detective. When he spoke it was in very low tones, hardly above a whisper. ' Mr. Lamm, you may have read in the aftet noon papers that a name was written on the wall close to where my partner lay dead.*' A nod and a renewed twirling of the pen. 'That name, Mr. Lamm, was meant to be mine — was mine !' The detective raised his eyebrows and seemed about to speak. 'You are going to ask me how I know,' said Stackhouse. ' Why, I read it with my own eyes. Yes, the papers said the scrawl might have meant Stick or Stoch.or Stockholm, and so on ; but I had a keener and truer sight than the officers there. ' Now, detective, that name was written by some enemy of mine, who seeks to implicate me in this terrible affair. I am convinced of the fact. And, being so convinced, a man of your experience does not need to be told that I dismiss the idea that Paul North wrote that name on the wall as utterly out of thequestipn.' The grave, listening face near his wore no look of surprise, as Mr. Lamm nodded his full understanding of his visitor's thoughts. 'North being put aside, we must look for the guilty party in another quarter. Mr. Lamm, you don't happen to recollect ?who it was at the meeting of Nicaragua directors, of which the papers published an account, testified that he parted with Paul North late yesterday afternoon?'' Mr. Lamm did not appear to recollect, for he pursed up his lips, shrugged his shoulders slightly, and said nothing. ' Well, detective, that man was Mr. Bichard Fetridge, of whom you may have heard — a young lawyer of considerable property, who has had dealings with our firm.' ' Bichard Fetridge,' repeated the detective, slowly; 'well?' ' Mr. Fetridge stated, after considerable hesitation, which I couldn't help noticing, that he left Mr. North about five o'clock, after a business interview with him at our office. What the nature of that conference between them was I can't say. Mr. Fetridge and I did not like each other, I'm. free to say it,~ and latterly I fancied that he grew even more curt and unpleasant in his manner towards me than before. Not that I cared for that, you under stand; I would not have given the matter a moment's thought but for this terrible affair. Nor even now, if Fetridge's strange conference and his hesitancy about saving where he left Mr. North 'were not put in a more peculiar light by certain other facts that have come to my knowledge' 'New facts?' ' Yes. Fetridge and North were been to gether at a much later hour than five o'clock the afternoon of the murder.' Tfeeetatement was made pointedly, and the detective gave evidence of interest. ' Are you sure ?' he asked. ' Absolutely sore.' Mr. Stackhouse's voice had sunk to a confidential whiBper. *' A busi- j ness acquaintance whose word is beyond qnes- I tion has told me that he saw the two men walking up the 'Public Gardens at seven o'clock last evening, going in the direction, of Marlboro street' *^ . Lamm threw off the mask of reserve. ' And that is, to your mind, a most valuable, a most important, piece of evidence? In con junction with Mr. Fetridge's' conduct and course, you. would consider itirary SMDificant V 'So significant,' returned 'Stackhouse, 'that but for thefacJ ttotlwahtto have the criminal so tangled mthemeshw'hen lie is caught that there can be mo possible escape, 1 should before thiB have given the -information to the police.' / , ?-.'??.? 'Then, your theory is- — ' suggested the detective. ? . .' What theory could a man have under the circumstances ? Bichard Fetridge gained my partner's confidence— got into the family on a friendly footing — saw it was of no use to keep up his scheme of ' working' poor Mr. North any further, enticed him to this interview and subsequent conference at his house, and there murdered him.' ' Murdered him ?' echoed Mr. Lamm, with ' not a shade of difference in the tone of his voice, quite as if be expected just such a -revelation, ' Not only murdered him,' Stackhouse went on, his voice now full and strong under the stress of excitement; 'but tried to fasten the guilt of the crime upon me. Bichard Fetridge wrote my name there in the blood of his victim— Bichard Fetridge and no other. I feel as certain of it as if I had been witness of the deed. He is my enemy ; J have felt it for a long time, and in the hostility, and no doubt his dread lest his scheming with North should come to light through my examination of his affairs, he has done his utmost to discredit and dishonour me. Now you see why I want Bichard Fetridge watched ; why I want him followed at every step ; why I want his guilt established by in controvertible proof.' (to be continued.) 