LADIES' COLUMN. Silk blouses, particularly tartan ones, are to be popular. All gloves are shorter, most of those worn in the day time having only four buttons at most. Perforated wash-leather gloves for sleeping in are good for bands dis posed to get rough. Sailor hats have two bands of inch wide velvet, with a little bow at one side. Black lace hats look very pretty when the lace is allowed to fall a little over.the brim. , Pelerines continue a great success, and many varieties have been brought out lately. Mary Anderson’s married life is said to have been an unhappy one, and she is as thin and pale as a ghost. The family have been obliged to practise severe economy. ‘Woman’ announces the fact that England, in proportion to population, has more women workers than any other country, 12 per cent of the in dustrial classes being women. The laundresses of London are ask ing to be put upon the same terms as other workers in the administration of the Factory Acts, and the London Trades Council purpose assisting them to obtain what they demand, and make their path in life as bright and smooth as a newly-ironed shirt front. An enterprising young American lady has started a ‘ House Cleaning Brigade.’ She has with her a band of practical, capable women, who take possession of the home ‘ while the family spend a week elsewhere, at the end of which they return to find the house swept and garnished, and a de light to inhabit-.’ The question of the marriageable age for women is very much to the fore in Sweden. A bill has been in troduced into the Swedish Parliament, that the lowest age at which women might be allowed to marry .should be raised to IS, and the matter will now form the subject of exhaustive en quiries as to the various points which may hear upon it. The popularity of fur trimmings on winter costumes has induced manu facturers to simulate them in woollen and silk materials. There are a great variety of imitations, including hear, opossum, goat, fox, Persian lamb, beaver, otter, (fee. Again we are in debted to the loom for long-haired woven borders of various descriptions, which are supplied with dress fabrics ready for trimming skirts and bodices. They are generally of contrasting colors, and will be arranged on the skirt horizontally just above the hem. A novelty for the winter is broad cloth on which are printed designs of flowers and leaves in natural colors, as tan, grey, or cream grounds strewn with forget-me-nots, violets, or other clusters like those seen in challis and Indian silks. This printed cloth is used for house dresses, as it is too showy for out-of-door costumes. It is usually combined with hengoline. Plaid skirts are now usually made on the straight, but the bodice of the same costume is often cut on the cross and all plaids are trimmed with velvet. Avery favorite method of finishing a plain skirt is to turn up on the right side a crossway hem of the same or contrasting material, which is corded at the top, or stitched, or sometimes headed with a narrow braid or other trimming. This is admirable where the edge of a skirt has worn or frayed, and also to lengthen cleaned or dyed goods, which usually shrink in the process. Dainty petticoats are specially a fashion of the day. Most of them are of silk. Some have one flounce and a gathered frill at the edge of it; others have three castellated pieces, piped with a color sewn on one above each other, falliug on to a fold of the color; or a full ruche round the edge, and a piece of deep lace turning upwards from it. It is announced that on and after Ist January, 1592, all the telephone clerks in Berlin will he replaced by women. The clerks who at present act as telephone clerks are desired to fit themselves by that time as tele graph or post office clerks. 