SPORTING. The S.A.J.C. hare a somewhat difficult matter to deal with at the present time in reference to the bookmakers they will recog-<*> nise in conjunction with the A.R.O. They have held two conferences with the latter body already on this subject, bat the ruling- im tbe Lanimey case crops up asanembanaaantecCy and hampers both dubs to some extent in t?to action they would otherwise have taken; Straightly put, the S. A. J.C. haroatnple powers to conduct their own business on a freehold, and Deed only recognise the members of the S. A. Tattersall'e in their betting room. Outside this body, hawever, tficir are a number of smaller bookmakers who have been acoaetomed for yean; past to bet on the Dorby aad flat enclosures and to attend the country meetsnes. Amongst these are many who hare met their Labilities and kept their'names good, and they have organised the second body of betting men known as Tier's TattersalTe. By the calendar issued by the S. A. J.C. not more than & dozen bookmakers are recognised as licensed by the premier club, and these are all members of the S.A. Tatteraallg. To qualify a betting member of this club fas has to pay aa entrance fee of £25 and put up a guarantee of £500. This is relatively equiva lent to what is done by the members of the Victorian Club, the principal dab in Mel bourne, but in that city there are also Bowes's Tattereall's, and Wander's Club, some of the members of which are "recognised by the V.B.C. and allowed to have licenses to bet on the hill. The members of Tier's TatteraaU'ein Adelaide claim a similar privilege. They know they are not qnali6ed to enter and pot up the guarantees in the S.A. Tfttteraall's, but admitting that they do business on a smaller ecale they want to have linm^^g to wager in the outside paddock. The 8. A.J.O. sent np a proposition to S. A. Tattersall'e that some of these men should be admitted as honorary members with a smaller qualification than the others, but the premier club have replied that they cannot make-any alterations in their rules or any provision to admit the outsiders, seeing that the latter would hav? the use of the club rooms and have the hall mark _ of _ the premier dub to trade with if this concession were granted, it can be understood at once wby the premier dob refuse to entertain this proposition. We think it a fair thing that some of the members of Tier's TattersaU's should be recognised ; that they should be called upon to deposit a sum of say £25 a piece to form a fond, from which any disputed wagers might be paid, and «bat the S. A, J.C. should then recognise a certain number of members, whose names should be submitted to them for approval, and that these should be licensed to .con duct their business outside the grand stand enclosure. It would- then depends upon the members of the second Tatter?aU's to keep their own ranks clean and send tip the names of reliable men, and the list could bet registered in the calendar for the guidanoe of the secretary^ of country clubs, who -would be requested to recognise only those mctallioians who were authorised to wager by the S. A. J.C. The friends of Mr. Usher, of tie Globe Hotel, and his amiable wife, intend to rally round them this evening and give them a presentation and farewell send off prior to leaving Adelaide for Port Pirie, where wa understand Mr. Usher will open a new hotel. A matter worthy of the attention of the S.A.J.C. has been brought under our notice, and that is ths advisability of making a condi tion that the leading country courses shall be enclosed with a raiL The premier dub could make this a condition before granting licenses, as the expense would in most cases amount to . not more than £30 or £60. The fail would prevent horses being run inside a post, and stop some of the dodges that are resorted to at .these meeting for running off good horses by animals that have not the ghost of a chance of winning. The usual day's outing at the Grange has been fixed for Saturday, December 19. ft can hardly be called a race meeting, but the pro gramme includes a trot, a swimming match, the Grange Handicap, and a hack race, for which nominations will be received by Mr. Wadey up to 14th inst ■Whether the horses run straight or swim crooked there will no doubt be the usual attendance of sightseers who are glad of an excuse for getting a breath of sea air on a summer afternoon. As we are now inaugurating pony meetings it is to be hoped the stewards will act promptly and with severe decision if needed in the case of malpractice. The Richmond course is the latest of those inaugu rated in the suburbs of Melbourne, and already the stewards have found troubla in conducting their meetings. last Monday they had several times to take action. In the PortEea Handicap Marksman bolted four times round the course before he could be stopped. The owner took the jockey off, and the stewards disqualified the pony for a period of sis months. Alter the National Handicap they also decided to suspend \V. M'Donald, die rider of Marigold, for three months for eus ■picious riding. The St. Kilda Handicap saw some more peculiar riding, and the rider of Fortune lodged a complaint Mgaiinri? Crao bourne's jockey for foul riding, but the stewards dismissed the complaint. A protest against the winner, Dandy Dick, was talked of, but came to nothing. It appears "that whilst the riders of Fortune and, Cranbonme were trying to out-jockey each other, the rider of Dandy Dick slipped up on the inside, and just snatched the race. For some time past the want of a supreme tribunal in racing matters in Tasmania has been greatly felt, and at last an effort is being made to obtain one. At first it was intended to locate this between the Tas manian Racing Club and the Taamanian Turf Club, oi, rather, in representatives from each of those bodies sitting in conclave; but other counsels prevailed, and it was determined that the country racing cluba should also have a voice in the council of control. Sir John, by Countryman (late Cetewayo) —Rosebud, who is being trained at head quarters by J. Nicholson, has bsen purchased from Mr. O'Shanassy, of St. Araaud, by Mr. John O Began, and will continue in Nichol son's hands. In addition to the pony race meeting which is announced to take place on the Port Ade laide course a movement is on foot to organise similar meetings on Mr. T. Jordan's course, at Kdwardetown, and if the operations are con fined purely to pony racing and trotting it is. not likely that the racing authorities will inter fere, as the V.R.C. have declined to take cognisance of these meetings. Queenslander, by Papapa from Maori Girl, who beat a good steeplechaser and others in the Bacchus Marsh cross eonntry event last Thursday, won the Trial Steeplechase at Hawkes' Bay, N.Z., last June, carrying 12 et. 3 lb., and running the two miles in 4 mm. 4Sv sec. This hore is entered for our Metro politan meetings, and should be worthy of ttention for Onkaparinga. The weights for the Woochester meeting, to take place on Boxing Say, have been allotted by Mr. H. L. Cninnick, who has started on a somewhat low scale in the flat races and in the Hardies has presented the unu'tud feature of all the horses but one being at the minimum 9 st. In the Flying Handicap do less than eight owners have to find boys who can scale at C st. 7 lb., and what this means: on a country course that is not railed in can be imagined, Mr. Hughes has issued the weights for the two principal events at Qaora, in which Vistula has been allotted 12 st. in the Hurdles and S st. in the Christmas Handicap. This 6hould not deprive him of the chance of winning one or other of these events. Spindle an 3 Little Lad should also run well in the Hurdles, and Mudbury and True Briton in the Handicap. Paddys Land is not a big_ horse, and must feel his impost of 10 st. in the latter, although he has a good record as a winner at country meetings. The running at Quorn on Boxing Day will throw a little light on the chances of some of the competitors at Hawker on January i, when Satan will be a Triton amongst minnows if he puts in an appearance. Mr. Hughes has given them a steadier, however, in the Totalizator Handicap with 10 et. 12 lb., and in the New Tears' Gift with 10 st S lb. Paddy's Land and Mudbnry should hare a say in any events in which they are started. For the Nairne races, which take place on Boxing Day, Mr. Ferry has entered three or four representatives, and if he elects to go up there should pull off one or two of the events. It is more than likely, however, the prizes will be left to the local candidates. Tiie handicaps for the sports to be held at Murray Bridge appear in our advertising columns. Acceptances for the several events close with the .secretary at 9 o'clock on Friday, December 18, at Murray Bridge The ap|*-aranee of the weight* for the Standish and Bapot Handicaps, to be run as Flemington on New Year's Day, has given an impetus to speculation this week, and namerous wagers have been made with local nietaltici&ns; over the double event, .besides straight-out investments. On the appearance of-the weights Lord Hopetoun and Steeltrap were at onoe> scratched for the Standisb, and we fail to see what Lord Hopetoun lias done of late to entitle him to the award of 9 st. Whimbrel is toi> weight at 9 et. 5 lb., but lie also has been scratched, perhaps be cause the ;short distance is not his 'forte. Teksiim,'.' it. 2 lb., should take some beating; also Gladstone (an improving horse), -who won the ir.ee last year with a etose less than he is now asked to carry- Prattler, who then ran second with 7 st. 10 lb. has been allotted 6 6t C lb., and should have a pood say in it. Heco w Pigeontoe, and Deerswood are alt well haa«Vi cai«ped at their respective weights, and t'jsa we come to Ascot Vale and Skiff, and l-«trer down Wild Rose. EpL, and CompeVeoqy On recent runrtiog Lardy Dardy aum have a chacre, and Merriment is m>i cut of it Amongst the light weights Caurteoua aiid Cooranoin should command ce&ract;, «wi for half a dozen to supply the wittier \ta aalwn Gladstone, DeerswoodV WO* Mjb^Ooo* t petencjj, Courteoiis, and Lardy Datdy. For * the *&sot; Handicap the Melbourne Cup wirMerTMalvolio, is bardly likely to Toe tried at S rt. 2 lb.,but Clonard (8 st 4 lb.), Chintz (7 tt 12 lb.), The Spot (7 st. 12 lb.), Tantallon XI Bt 9 lb.), and Porteea (7 st. 9 lbA with a chance for Pigeontoe {6 st. 3 lb.) look a likely faalf-dozen, and if Chinte should be m the fanmor on the day she will take a lot of boat ing. . 