MILITARY SERVICE AT WAR- RAGUL SERMON BY THE REV. MAJOR FLOCKART. An interesting aid" somewhat novel ceremony for Warragul tpok place at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday morning when a military service was conducted by the Rev. Major Flockart, Methodist Chaplain to the Victorian forces. The local detachments of Rangers and Cadets fell in at the Masonic Hall at half-past ten and marched to the church where the front «entr& Beats bad 1 been reserved' for them. Lieut. Willis was in command and Lieut. Peters"wasalso present. There was a good congregation, and a verse of the National Anthem was sung at the commencement of the service. The Rev. Major Flockart, .wli j was attired in uniform,- based his sermon on the 10th chapter of The Acts and dealt more or less with the whole chapter. He said it appeared there a certain man in Caesarea, called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italiau band of the Roman regiment, a ceuturion being an officer having charge of a hundred soldiers. Cornelius was a noblehearted man and was full of kindest sympathy as all true soldiers were. He further demonstrated the fact that a man might be a soldier and yet be a true man of pod. Moses and-Joshua were other bright examples of this truth and so was David, who led forth his troops and also dew the giant while he was yet in his teens. Cornelius, then, was a devout man—one who feared God and renounced the idols of the Roman nations. His religion, moreover, wasiibta sham—it was a grand reality. E^pry uian in his regiment knew that his officer was a'righteous man, and felt the influence of his religion. He was also a benevolent man.' He gave alms to the people and not only gave aim?, but gave theajkin the supeiiative; - He also secured to have walked in an atmosphere of prayer, for they were told he prayedto God always—oa his bended knees by the couch, in liishome circle, in the bartack room, and on. the battlefield. He was, in fact, the Washington, the Have,- lockL , the Hedley Viewers, of his • daj. To mis man the angel of the covenant came, and told him "that his alms had •ome up acceptable before- God and that he was to send men to Joppa, to the house of Simon "Peter, "and.he shall tell thee what thou pi%htest to'do." They would observe that Cornelius did not say to the aiigei " why not iiiake. known to me now what l ought to do-r-Ume is fvaluable and the journey . is long and -therefore "why not ibakeWinn to menow-the mind of&odV; No. ; Cornelius ,was>a- soldier-—he *as'a soldierly manrof'God and did "what he was -told. Thonglicfmnon to right of him, cannon to left of him, cannon in Jxbnt of him, volleyed, and thundered, it was for him to ride even, into the jaws of death and into the very mouth of hell if the command of God were given. How beautifully the soldier-like man of God comes out in Cornelius! When the angel which spoke unto liirn had departed, he did exactly what he had been told to do. He sent the men to "Joppa, and they eventually returned with Simon Peter accompanying them," aiid' found Cornelius waiting for them. It would be observed they did not return to the house and find he was not ready for them. : No, there was a hearty, soldierly welcome for them. Just what a soldierly man of God would be expectedjfco do. There. was large-hearted iiess in the soldier. He was a man who loses j3%ht of self and \vho for the guardianship and solvation of his' home, his nationand his Queen, sacrificeshimself,and places himself, if necessary, at the mouth of die gun and at the point of tjie bayonet and is "prepared'to die iii tke fray and be brought back on a shield rather than that his country or Ins monarch should be disgraced! Then Peter bpened his mouth and dedared untb them f the whole counsel of God, and while lie wasyet speaking the Holy Ghost feUoh all tiiem that heard'tie word, and lie commanded them to be baptised in the name of the Lord. O, for a baptism of tjie Holy Spirit on themselves -and jeyety church, and that the world niight,;be filled with the GW of God. , , — it&bs; reverend gfendeman's discourse of which the foregSiMgJis a. brief summa'rv to. throughout .oy-Hie soldierly bearing of the preacher nee tnvfested ^ ^ H p ^ l a o J S I t S orfiTa^ d^iee or attzactjv^ness. ^ Vivea Sout the kte AriUaEySTKE Bpe^hon ave':li^h,phi S^ilT Dr. Magee comiuded, it will be remembered, by raying ^hat he oould not reconcile it with "•Seised by this p by a friend and-jtsfc 