, New Detective Stories (A7.L BIGHTS RESERVED.) | . (BY SIR GILBERT CAMPBELL.) THE MISER'S HOARD. "Prue," said Joe Varley, " do you know that sometimes I feel responsible fof a good deal of what occurred in Grime-street ?" " Goodness me, Joe, what can you mean ?" returned the girl. " You will make my blood run cold if you talk 80.'' " Why, you see, Prue', a lot of fel lows at our shop " (Joe was a foreman in a large printing establishment) " got to chaffing me, and tell ing me that I was going to marry the grand-daughter of a mil lionaire, and one day at the pub. where I go to get my snack in the middle of the day, a seedy-looking chap came up, and, after making liirn- j self precious agreeable, asked me a heap of questions about you and your grand father and the house and such like, and I, like a fool that I was, let out all I knew, and a great deal more, perhaps, for he had given me a glass or two, and that set my tongue wag ging-" Oh, Joe," exclaimed the girl, "per haps it was the burglar, after all j.they say that they go about trying to find out what houses are worth robbing. Anyhow he did not get much, though ' he robbed me of that precious scrap of paper grandfather had just given me ; and the piece Mr Sharpies has is no use without the one I lost. I cannot make head or tail of it. Here is the copy of it j let us see if you are clever enough to solve the riddle.' She extracted from her pocket a piece of paper upon which were writ ten these words : raid of being robbed, and valuables in a safe place, myself in my cottage at Ux cellar and measure twelve corner, then dig three a small box made of i the key, by my will it is tv mi, itnuu is a, pntuiuua uuru nuu to crack," remarked Joe, after he had read the document over two or three times. " The one thing certain is that there is something in a cellar, but where I can't say," i "Why, at Uxbridge, of course; what am - 1 thinking of 1" exclaimed Prudence, suddenly. "We have never seen the cottage that poor grandfather spoke of. I shall go down and look for myself." " I move an amendment," remarked Joe, sliding his arm round her waist, " suppose we get married first, and then we can go down there and never come back any more " "What do you mean, Joe?" returned the girl, a bright blush suffusing her cheek. "Just, this, Prue. You see, if you never get any more money, you are quite a little heiress. I have saved a bit too, and this very morning I got an offer as foreman in a largo / printing establishment in that very identical Uxbridge, and so, if you will agree, the cottage will come in very handy, and after work wo can have a hunt after grandad's treasure." After some slight demur Prue yielded. Mr. Sharpies handed over the keys of the cottage, and one after noon, after a visit to the parish church, the young couple started away for Ux bridge, from which point they intended to commence their matrimonial cruise. The cottage was a very pretty one, very decently furnished, with a nice garden at the back, and various out buildings .which they had not ex pected. All at once Prue gave a little scream and clung tightly to her hus band's arm. " There is a horrid man following us. I am sure he is dogging our footsteps. T saw him outside the church, then at the station, and here he is again." Joe turned quickly round, and an angry flush rose to his face. " Well, I'm hanged," exclaimed he, "if it is not the chap that pumped me so dry about grandad's niliiirs. Here, mister, I should like to have a word with you." The man, however, did not appear desirous of accepting the invitation, but pushed his way through a gap in the hedge and sped across the fields at a pace whicli defied pursuit. "I'll just go to the police station and give them a hint about that gentleman," inutterod Joe, "for his conduct strikes me as just a little sus picious." For a week, however, the young married couple were disturbed by no unwelcome intruders, but though the attics, and indeed every room in the house, had been thoroughly examined, 110 sign of Simon Grates' hidden trea sure had been discovered. Joe had now settled steadily down to his work. One day, as Joe returned to his home, he found his wife standing pale and trembling in the porch. " What ails you, my girl?" said he, going up to her and putting his arm round her; "you look clean scared." " Oh, Joe," she murmured, between her sobs, " ho is down there." "Down whero?" asked her husband, in much surprise, "and who .is he that is down there j" "Grandfather," answered she; "I wont down to got some wood, and there he was standing in the right hand corner. I flew upstairs again and did not dare remain in the house, so I waited until vou came homo." " Why, you must have been frightened at a shadow, my dear," re turned Joe, endeavoring to reassure her,- though in his heart lie felt ex tremely uncomfortable. " I will go and see what it is." Ho went down the little flight of stairs, but returned again in another minute with his face perfectly livid. " You were right, my girl," faltered he ; " and as I don't like such visitors, I think we had best clear out." "Where is it now?" asked Prue, with a shudder. " In the cellar, and likely to remain there," returned her husband : " for I shun the door after me and drew the bolt." As if to contradict his asser tion, the shadowy figure of Simon Grates stood before them, looking exactly as he did in life, and well. There was something mystic and in tangible about him. Ho crossed the room to the fireplace, stooped, and ap peared to touch tiio heavy poker, then, moving to the window, raised his hand in a gesture of warning, and, melting away, vanished before their very eyes. " Well, I am glad it's gone," said J oe, wiping the perspiration from his forehead. " But, Prue, my girl, what ails you ?" Prue, indeed, was nearly fainting, and it was some time before the atten tions of her beloved husband could bring her round. Husband and wife botli agreed that the appearance of Simon Grates' spirit meant some thing, but what that some thing was they were unable to deter mine. As for searching the cellar to see if the ghost had left any indication of the reason of his visit, neither Joe or Prue felt the slightest inclination to venture down to those regions, and it was only after a hearty supper had in some way diminished their super natural fears that they ventured to creep upstairs to bed. Joe, however, could not sleep, and long after- Prue had sunk to slumber he lay tossing about, expecting that something would happ%n, though he would have been very much puzzled to prove what that something was. All at once a slight grating noise fell upon his ear, which appeared to come from the room below. When he had no supernatural foes to deal with J oe was as brave as a lion. " That is a glazin' diamond," muttered he, as he rose stealthily from his bed and pulled on a pair of trousers ; " some cove is cutting a pano of glass out of the parlor window. How sweet are the pleasures of the country, no troubles or worries, nothing bub burglars and ghosts, and, of course, they are not wurwi luuuuiumi-ig. With that thought running through . his brain, he cautiously descended the stairs, and, entering the parlor, saw a figure in the act of getting through the window, the latch of which had been drawn back by means of the re moval of a pane of glass. Cast- ing one glance at the intruder to make sure that it was not I Grandfather Grates come to pay a second visit, Joo made a bound for the poker, and brought it down with j a heavy thwack upon the burglar's shoulders, and then, as the man, with an exclamation of pain, dropped on the floor, ho delivered another blow upon the head which laid him senseless. The noise alarmed Prue, who hurried downstairs, just in time to see her husband securing the robber's hands in a most artistic manner with a piece of rope which he had fetched from the kitchen. The man was handed over to the police, and proved to be a well-known burglar, for whose apprehension a re ward of £50 had been offered, which, much to Joe's delight, was paid over to him. As ho returned from giving liis evidence ho found his wife dancing about the kitchen, waving a scrap of paper in her hand. "See. here, Joe," cried she, "that bad man must have dropped this. Ho was the robbor that murdered poor grandfather, and, doubtless, ho followed us here, thinking that we had found the treasure which he failed in discover ing. Read this." Without in the least understanding her, Joe took the paper, and with a very puzzled expression of face, read the following disjointed sentences: — I have always been af so hnvq hidden all my which IB known only to bridge. Go down to the paces from right hand feot, and you will find ron. My lawyer lias all for Prudence. "Why, the chap must have escaped from a lunatic asylum to carry such rubbish about with him," exclaimed Joe, impatiently, " What does it all mean ?" " You silly boy," cried his wife, "have you forgotten the other scrap of paper ? I-Iore, join tlio two togothcr and seo what you make of it then." Ho did so, and his face brightened up as he read as follows : — I have always been af - raid of being robbed, and so havo hidden all my - valuables in a safe place, which is known only to - myself, in my cottago at Ux bridgo. Go down to the collar and measure twclvo paces from right hand - corner, then dig three feet, and you will find - a small box made of i ron. My lawyer has - the koy, by my will it is all for Prudence. " Where are you going ?" said Prue, as, after reading the paper, Joo mado a bound for the garden. "To get a spade," returned he. " Wnethcr grandfather is there or not, I am going to have a look for that there iron box." The receptacle was found in the spot designated, but there was no occasion to apply to Lawyer Sharpies, for the key was in the box, and not only was there a goodly stock of gold and bank notes within, but several magnificent diamond and emerald ornamonts, which, doubtless, Miser Grates had, at some time or other, picked up a bargain. The littlo scrap of paper, though it did not produce a capital conviction, sent tho burglar to pe.nal servitude for I I fn Cft flinf. fka 4?rilT »\ n nm.nln TiTnxn nnL 44vj i»v viimv VI1V) VUU|Jlv nvlw JIUU likely to bo troubled by his visits again. As for the spirit of Miser Grates, it did not put in a second ap pearance, perhaps from not being able to find its way to tho line largo house to which Joo and Prue removed shortly after tliey bad been lucky enough to discover tho Miser's Hoard. 