(£rrtmb0. Theatre. Procession. Albert Hall. Capitation grant. The Ghost Illusion. Grateful Mr. Baker. Orotava off to London. Capitation grant passed. Much talk and little work. Another welcome downpour. Ebby was all at sea yesterday. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*68. King Sol, the Government Whip. Very unhealthy in Chili just now. Wreckers busy on the Education Bill. Dog in the manger over free education. Thin edge of the denominational wedge. Pugilistic profession is being disgraced ! Clearing up for the procession—perhaps. Governor contemplates another holiday. The Fasting Man to be seen at all hours. More news about the great Chilian battle. Labour party divided over capitation giant. Ko use for Ebby tiying to bounce the President. Monster procession of Salvationists tonight. Rev. C. L. Marson at the Democratic Club to-night. Can't complain of the want of heat in Chili just now. William Colston would have shone as a preaches. Slavin and Mitchell had * genuine box on the stage. Uolesworih plant rejected by the New Alma- Company. Bank of South Australia shares are farther-, improving. Will the Women's Franchise debate be again adjourned? Miss Achurch in genuine English oomedy this evening. The steam pump on the Torrens is helping away the mud. Herbert Fleming's benefit to-night. May he have a bumper. Will Priest Mamon not feel like a ftsh out of water to- night ? Dr. Hagarey finds it a bit awkward to sit on two stools at once. Tbe Weather Clerk evidently does nobbelong to the Army. His Holiness the Pope was introduced into the Council debates. What is the use of the police carrying ballseyes which are not lit? Kirkpatrick carried a motion against the Government yesterday. Mrs. Mary Lee expects every Councillor this day to do his duty. It is 110 use for the Mighty Has Been to try and spell the President. Wonders will never cease—Rev. C. L. Marson among the Democrats. Australian pugilist has been' stabbed by his manager, Parson Davies. President of the Wesleyan Conference patronised the Council yesterday. A baker's dozen and a hot Baker served upan animated debate in the Council. The first to fill the new office created by the Hon. J. IT. Parsons is his colleague. Flood of eloquence from Ebby made the Council seek refuge at the dinner table. The new members of the Connoil are apt to tread upon the dignity of the old fossils. Sun ro6e at 6.29 a.m. t sets at 5.35 p.m. Moon set at 10.24 a.m.; rises at midnight. Cannons fired at the Battle of Waterloo, in. 1815, were heard at Dover, 180 miles away. A Government Whip is a sort of Father Confessor to the unstable parliamentarians. The Roman Catholics have a smart advocate in the Council in the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin. Dr. Magarey's homoeopathic doses had a marked effect on representatives of religionists. The capitationists are gradually and surely encroaching on our splendid education system.. Mr. Baker goes to America for stimulating facts to enable him to jump the oapitation. fence. Tom Taylor's famous oomedy, "Still Waters Run Deep," at the Albert Hall this evening. Messrs. Charleston and Kirkpatrick voted for the capitation grant, and Mr. Guthrie against it. A new burner for a lighthouse was recently exhibited in Dublin, with a glare equal to than of 8,000,000 candles. The Hon. S. Tomkinson looks after the public accounts, and yet votes for subsidising a competing system of schools. The greatest fault Mr. West- Erskine can charge Anstralia with is that it fattens the purse of such ungrateful colonists as himself. The new scheme framed by the Charity Commissioners for the carrying on of the East London People's Palace provides that "no intoxicating liquors shall be introduced." The Belgian Government has recently increased the efficiency of its railways to such an extent that the journey from London to Berlin via OEtend now takes only twenty-four hours. Mrs. Harriet Elizabeth Munroe said she was a Monerieffe. The only Harriet Monerieffe in " Debrett's Baronetage" is Harriet Sarah, who was married in 1S66 to Sir Charles Mordaunt* tenth Baronet, and was divorced in 1875. The art ot campanology was evidentlyencouraged in England 140 years ago more than it is at the present time, according to the following advertisement taken from a Beading Mercury of 1752:—" This is to give notice that five very good hats will be given by Reuben Brewer, at the sign of the Two Brewers, at Burghfield-Hatch, to be rung for next New Year's Day, and a silver-laced hat for the umpire." FAX.—" When Greek meets Greek the? comes the tug-of-war," as so it did when Alexander the Great met Darius Codomamus near the Town of Arbela, in Asiatio Turkey, on 136th day of Boedromion, B.C. 331. The historian Arrion, in his account of the expedition of Alexander, tells us that the Macedonian army of only 40,000 foot and 7,000 horse were confronted by tbe army of Darius, consisting of l,000,000footand 40,000horse. That historian also tells us that " Alexander wore « short Sicilian coat close about him covered with a linenbreastplate strongly quilted, and a belt of themost splendid workmanship. His helmet was of burnished iron, with a gorget attached set. with precious stones, and, thus equipped,, bearing a light well- tempered sword, he .led the charge upon Bucephalus." And you know that at this third and decisive battle between. Alexander and Darius, the Persians were hewn, down and hacked to pieces by tens of thousands every hour of that gloriously disastrous day. And acoording to Plutarch, the spoil that fell to the lot of Alexander included a vast number of jewels, &a;, the accumulated? wealth of ages, which suffioed to load 20,0(KK> mules and 5,000 camels, all told. 