TSE commissioners of the Elmore Waterworks Trust are probably under the impression that their position is an onerous and most important one, and that, having been elected by the voice of the townspeople, they are fairly well known, but it will doubtless take , away what little pride they may have as commissioners to learn that they are an anknown quantity at the local postoffice. As a proof of this, we have only to point out that a letter addressed "The Commissioners Urban Water Trust, Elmore," sent by our old friend Mr. J. Slee, now of Ca.ruberwell, was returned to him "Unclaimed at Elmore." In a letter to Mr. Farrall, Mr. Slee acknowledged the courtesy shown him in the record of his services on the original water committee, and adds that he is now comfortably settled down at Camberwell, with every prospect of doing well. RECEIVED, Melbourne Punch, Donaldson's Investors' Guide, and Cull Salvation. MB. EL GREGORY, the enterprising tinsmith, plumber, and ironmonger, of Rochester, advertises in another column that lis has determined to meet " a long-felt want" in Elmore, Mr. J. Wilson being his locum tenens. Everyone will hail with pleasure this latest addition to the completeness of our quiet but certainly progressive township, and there can be little doubt that our pleasantly aggressive friends from Rochester—Mr. Hall, Mr. Cawthray, Messrs Ising and Co., and Mr Gregory —will not only meet with a large amount of public patronage but that they will be actual benefactors in making Elmore a complete, cheap, and popular market for a wide area. MCTCLAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION. —There was a large attendance on Tuesday evening, the Rev. R. Oates presiding. The minutes were read and confirmed, after which, in accordance with notice given at last meeting, Mr. G. ODonnell moved, " That in future quarterly socials be held, the first hour to be spent in general amusement, and the second hour in dancing," The Rev. T. W. Davis seconded the motion. The Rev. J. Palamountain moved as an amendment, 41 That the quarterly socials be discontinued." This was seconded by Mr. W. Jones, but the motion was carried by an extreme majority, only six hands being held up for the ameudmrat. Several members spoke on the question of the advisability of permitting dancing to be indulged in at the Socials, Mr. Palamountain strongly protesting against it. Messrs. Thomson, M'Loskey, Dunbar, and Rev. Davis speaking in the affirmative. The discussion lasted for about au hour and a half, and at times was rather warm. A magazine on the late Social, by " Observer," was read by the editor, Mr. J. B. Jones, and discussed. The rre». i»vi5 ^ve noace oniiotion tor nert meeting as follows:—" That admission to socials be by member's ticket." "The meeting then terminated. LINES FAVORED BY MB. SPEIGHT.— Mr. Speight on Tuesday enumerated the new country lines that should pay within five years before the Railway Commission. They are:—Donald to Wirrnmbirchip, Warrackaabeal to Galaquil, Dimboola to \Varrack, Elmore to Gunbower, Inglewopd to Jarklan, and Tarralgon to Currajong. BUGGY ACCIDENT. — A party, consisting of Messrs. Henderson, Reilly, Greenaway, Hocking, and O'Farrell, were returning from Colbinabbin station on Sunday evening, when the horse bolted, tossing out the occupants and smashing the trap. Mr. O'Farrell, the local station master, had the small bone of his ankle broken, Mr. Hocking a sprained ankle, and Mr. Reilly, of the water supply camp, sustained severe contusion of the head and shoulders. THE Rochester footballers tried con-' elusions with a junior clob of that place on Saturday, end a close and interesting game resulted, the Cramer winning. Next Saturday, the juniors play against Echuca Juniors, the first of a series of matches for a cop. A MEECTXG of those favorable to a social gathering bong held on some date in this month took place in the Athenasom Hall on Saturday night, Mr. G. D. Clarke occupying the chair. There were about 15 persons present. Mr. F. J. Hansen was elected secretary, and it was decided that a social be held on Friday, May 15, in the Hall, all present forming themselves into ta committee to cany out the afiair. Arrangements were made with regard to printing, catering, music, Ac., and the meeting adjourned to Wednesday. MB. J. SL HJGHETT, M.L.A-, one of die patrons of the local .football dub has given £1 as a donation. JOCKEY CUB.— The Runnymede Jockey Club will meet at 8 o'clock tonight. The secretaiy has business of importance to bring before the meeting, and & good attendance is invited. TAB Antomn season, so fiur,has been most propitionB, herbage was never more luxuriant, and farmers could cot have been more* favored by Jupiter crop will probably exceptionally large, with wheat at 4s. 3d. our country friends bave a fiur prospect before them. rainfall at Elmore during the early hoars of yesterday \- • r —inch - 1 ELHOBE WATERWORKS TRUST.— A meeting of the above trust, adjourned from Friday last, was held on Monday afternoon. There were present Crars. Pook (in the chair), Cotton, Long, and Farrall, hon. secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The secretary read a communication from the National Insurance Company of Australasia, enclosing the secretary's guarantee for £100, and the same was received and accepted. From Mr. J. T. N. Anderson, re visit to Elmore, stating that he would advertise for tenders, and plans and specifications would be forwarded in time for Trust's meeting on the 6th inet From Water Supply department (telegram), as King where amount applied for fay the Trust should be payable. The secretaiy said he had made it payable at the Sandhurst Treasury. From Thos. Cox, offering small building at the engine- house for £i. On the motion of Cmr. Cotton, seconded by Cmr. laong, the secretary was instructed to offer Mr. Cox the sum of £3. On the motion of Cmr. Cotton, seconded by Cmr. Long, the secretary was instructed to see Mr. Anderson (passing through Elmore} and ask that not less than 14 days be allowed for tenders for the tower, and that plans and specifications be forwarded for their approval prior to advertisements. TO-MOBBOW is the last day on which tenders will be received for the tight to graze the Elmore Show- yard. The hour of closing is 2 p.m. THE Runnymede State School will be re- opened on Monday, 11th inst., after being closed for nearly seven weeks on account of diphtheria in the neighborhood. WE have received a poster containing particulars of the forthcoming M.LA's Competition and Exhibition of Home Industries. The opening day is fixed for Monday, May 25, when the musical and elocutionary competition will take place, the successful competitors taking part in a grand concert to be given in the evening. A programme occupying IJ hours in delivery will be carried out during each subsequent evening, each evening's entertaiment being provided by the different Associ etionB competing for the Champion Prize. Communications have been received from Sandhurst, Rochester, Echuca, and other places, in answer to which the secretary has given the de sired information. Text books may be had from Mr. Henry Horsey, Railwayplace East, or from Mr. J. R. Palamountain. We are requested to state that a meeting of persons willing to act on the working committee will take place on Monday night, at half-past seven, in the Wesleyan Church. THE Rev. C. Sanders, of Echuca, will conduct the morning and evening services at the local Wesleyan Church on Sunday next. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHOBCU. — The Rev. R. Oates will conduct the services in the Elmore Church on Sunday next, his discourse iu the evening being " A Ghost Story." Mr. J. Williamson preaches at Corop at 7 p.m., and the Rev. R. Oates at Mount Pleasant Creek at 3 p.m. THE CROSS COUNTRY RAILWAY.—An held at the Town Hall, Bendigo, this evening (says the *' Tiser"), to receive a report from the chairman in reference to the National Cross Country Railway from Violet Town to Murchison, Rush worth to Goornong, and Kja.nga.roo Flat to Ilavelock. The . Railways Standing Committee will inquire into the merits of this line shortly. DEATH SENTENCES COMMUTED.—In the cases of John Finnigan and Joseph Cheehab, the Executive Council have decided that the death sentences shall be commuted, in the first case to imprisonment for life, and in the latter to 12 years' with hard labor. CEMETERY TRUSTEE. — Mr. James Mulcair has been elected a trustee of the Goornong Cemetery, in place of Mr. Edward Streckfuss resigned. MELBOURNE FOOTBAIX.—-The results of the premier matches on Saturday were as follows:—St. Kilda 64 to Carlton's 3 10; South Melbourne 913 to Richmond's 2-5; Essendon 5-9 to Footscray's 4-3; Port Melbourne 7-5 to Williamstown'6 5-7 ; Melbourne 5 6 to Ballarat's 3-11; South Ballarat 4-9 to North Melbourne's 3-10; Fitrroy 8 8 to Ballarat Imperial's 28; Geelong 13 13 to Chilwell Magics' 14. THE bonus paid on exported Victorian butter will shortly be abolished (says the " Age.") The Minister of Agricnltore contemplates bringing under the notice of the Cabinet certain Cads which be is convinced will clearly demonstrate the necessity of putting end to a system under which the bonuses go.into the pockets of the butter merchants instead of benefiting the dairy farmers as was intended by Parliament. According to the list of claims sent in to the department for bonuses on account of butter exported during the season just ended, the Government will be called upon to pay over £10,000, of which about £9000 will be drawn by Melbourne merchants. One firm has sent in two claims, one for £1600 and another for £900, making a total of £2500. Another prominent firm of merchants has fntnidied vouchers for butter exported on which the department will bave to pay £2660, and a third claims £500, so that three firms than'halftbe total amount to be paid away. Mr. Graham is of opinion these figuresprove incontestably that those for whom the bonuses were intended do not receive them, and it is high time to abolish the system. A CONCERT was held in the Agricnltural Hall, Goornong, on Friday for the purpose of raising funds for the assistance of the widow and five children of the late Mr W. Odgers, who was killed a few weeks ago by a fall from his horse. There was a full house, and a long and varied programme was heartily appreciated by those present. The followingladies and gentlemen from Bendigo gave their assistance :—Misses Barnett and M'Growan, Messrs. D. Walker, Walters, and Barnett. The local ladies and gentlemen who assisted ., „ - »,•„ c,, were—Mrs. Hausetuatm, Misses Slmw, , O'Flaherty, Bull, Read, liutkland, i Rael, and Probst; Messrs. Ferguson, • Rael, and Read. Mr. M'Lean, who occupied the chair, referred to the general response made by the people o£ the district in this appeal on behalf of the widow and children, not only in the matter of the concert, but in subscriptions as well. Mr F. K. Shaw, J. P., thanked the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly given their help towards 1 - .. . L „ _,,„„_. making the concert such a ^^^^ I especially those from Bendigo, who had come entirely at their own expense to aid in so worthy a cause. Owing to the express train arriving t-*o hours late, the I Mohawk Minstrels, who had also kindly j volunteered their help, did not arrive 1 in time to assist at the concert, but gave a number of songs in the intervals between the dances, which concluded the evening's entertainment. Misses Hay, Shaw, Rutherford, and Mills provided refreshments during the evening. The proceeds of the concert are expected to exceed £25. BAKD OF HOPE.—The weekly meeting took place in the Wesleyan Church on Monday evening. The time was spent in singing, reciting, and the | reading of three papers contributed by members, giving reasons why they are workers for the Baud of Hope. The arguments contained in the essays were good, and several members promised further articles. The chairman (Mr. Palamountain) said he would like to receive the reasons on paper of those not in the Band why they were not members. AT Wagga on Monday a boy named Thomas Gal vin was playing with a steel ramrod belonging to a rifle, throwing the ramrod in the air. It fell on the side of his skull and penetrated to a dept of about inches. The boy was brought to the hospital, where the operof trephining was successfully performed by Dr. Hiilas. MEMBERS of the Corop and Heath cote Railway League are requested to meet the Standing Committee on Railways at Bockholt's Hotel, Colbinabbin, on Saturday next, the 9th inst., at 11.15 a.m. 