ZOE'S DOUBLE CHAINS; ... R FOR LIFE AND FOR LOYE. ' ' ' CHAPTER I. She was young, consequently thought less; and she was wilful, as was but natural. Four brothers who were her devoted slaves, a father w ho idolised her, a mother who was like her elder sister, and as much a playfellow as a guide — how should she not be some- , what hard to manage and bad to bit arid bridle when the humor for restraint tdok her ? It was a mistake to try. She ought to have been given her head ; and what came after was due to myself, ' and myself only. I should have understood her better. I should have been' less exacting — less sensitive for my. own part — more considerate of her weakness — call them even faults if you will. But it is so easy to be wise after the ovent ! When passion is strong and the heart blinds the eyes, we see all things as through a veil ; nnd we know the truth of what we have seen and the evil of what we have done only when too . late. . We were engaged. It had been a hard fight to win her from the triple rank of guardians surrounding. Father,, mother, and brothers had all alike protested, the grandmother alone had taken my part. Zoe herself, while this opposition actively went 'on, had stood by me loyally and had re fused to give me up. She had agreed to wait, and as she was but 18 1 had not much to say against the three years' probation insisted on by the family. Perhaps it was only fair, as they all said, to give her the chance of changing her mind. She has seen nothing yet of life, and did not know what she wanted out of it. Let her then have her three years of quasi- freedom, when I was not forbidden, but she was not bound. If, I could retain my position in her heart and make good my holding, well for me. If I could, not, I had no cause, no claim, no charge against her. So things stood, and it must be acknowledged that it was an uncom fortable position for me. Still I was thankful to be allowed even so much, and I thought I could trust .both my own influence nnd her constancy. I The most devoted lover is put in a false position when he comes into a family of which all the members are united in adulating, yielding to, and generally spoiling the girl he loves. In the midst of these servile wor shippers his rights are made to look like tyrannies, and the more he loves the more he ' offends. The jealousy which is inseparable from love, the doubt which- must arise at times when the door is left open, and he who will may come throngh and steal away the treasure, the sick suspicion that tor tures itself more than anyone else, the restless craving for some assurance — all this puts the lover at a dis advantage, and makes his very love a nuisance. You people want ease and pleasure; and Zoe above all shrank from the gravity of passion — the in tensity of emotion. She was like some iridescent bubble flung off' by the great soul Or lite — the very impersonation ot jocund mirth and careless merriment. She was like some humanised elf brought from the underground world of fairies to serve a brief apprentice ship to man and sorrow beneath the sun. ' Like a cloud, you could not hold her; like a rainbow, you could not seize her. Beautiful, tormenting, in consequent, wilful, she was the human representative of some gem-like humming-bird flitting out of reach, but so seductively near as to seem close to your hand. Only when you thought to have her she escaped and flashed in the sun far above your head — gone ! gone ! I sometimes doubted ' if she had a heart at all. I sometimes doubted if slie had a soul like other human beings. But her very wilful ness was lior charm, and the more she eluded me the more she compelled me to seek and follow after her. And yet she was true. I knew that after wards. " My three years' probation had in it suffering enough to send a man mad. I think I was sometimes almost mad. Ever fluctuating between hope and doubt, jealousy and love, my whole inner being was rasped and strained Yet I dared, not show what. I felt. "What kind of figure would a gloomy, saturnine and tortured lover cut in that house of facile gaiety and easy rule ? I had to eat my heart out in silence. When I " saw blood" I had to paint in rose color. When the world and all it contained were lying in the blackest shadow of death, I had to weave garlands with the rest, and crown the image of sorrow and des pair with roses wet with tears for dew. But so far was to the good of the ac count—Zoo still seemed to like me best, and no other man had come through the open door and stolen my treasure. Thus the time passed, and on her 21st birthday the prohibition was removed. My probation Was over ; I was formally engaged— the family consenting by no means enthu siastically, but always consenting, like honorable folk bound by their own promise— Zoe herself seeming to re- gard the whole thing as a joke rather than a solemn vow. This engagement, releasing mo from the terrible constraint of the last three yfcars, ' perhaps slackened the former close-set bonds too much. Perhaps the knowledge, that Zoe was now at the least provisionally my own — openly assigned to uie and publicly betrothed — -gave too great strength to the feel ing of possession, of mastership, which had all along not so much -lain dor mant as been repressed. I do not wisli to excuse myself. Perhaps I- alone was to blame. I had harnessed a butter fly—caged a humming-bird — planted my field with flowers, then asked it to yield me fruit and grain. On me was the shame of sin, as on me came the sorrow of sorrow. And yet I loved her — heaven alone knows how pas sionately ! None of Zoe's family wished her to marry me. They had no special objec tion .to me as a man or as a fortune. By education I was their equal — in birth and fortune a shade ' their superior. My character stood well ; and if the ermine of my life -was not entirely spotless it was not disgrace fully stained nor smirched. Still, had I been twice the man I was they would have disliked the marriage. They loved her loo well themselves to wish to part with her to anyone. This was true of all ; but Alge'rnon, the youngest brother and the one immediately before Zoe, was perhaps the most hopelessly irreconcilable. He took the engage ment asin somesortof personal affront, and he would have broken it qff if he could, even at the eleventh hour. His methods towards this end were various. Sometimes he found mares' nests of scandal, which he paraded as things proved and positive, ; lilco so many sums in arithmetic. ' Sometimes ho made mischief- by repeating what I had said in another intention, or, ear- ryin'g as true reports what I had never said at all. Sometimes he tried despair, and sometimes entreaty — now . he ca ressed and now ho sulked ; but all came to the same thing in the end — he wanted Zoe to break off her engage ment. And she held firm, if indeed we can apply such a term to the light way she had of holding oh to ahy- thing ! At last he hit on another method altogether. On the principle of one nail knocking out another, he brought up to the house all the best and most, eligible men he knew ; and as Zoe was one to turn the head of an anchorite, she was now closely sur rounded with "aspirants" of more or less pronounced devoted attention. For men are not very honorable when the passion of love sets fire to the -charac ter ; and rivalry is a game .which re cognises no blow as foul, no stratagem as unfair. Naturally I had nothing to say. The house was not mine, and if Alger non, or any other, chose to ask his friends, it was not for me to object. I might see the motive, but seeing was no valid argument. Had I objected I should have put myself so much in the wrong as to be unable to ever get right again. I had nothing for it then but to possess my soul in patiencei for the one part, and to tighten so far as I could my hold, on Zoe for the other. But that was just the difficulty. The closer I sought to hold her the more certain she was to escape. Like dancing foam, a touch destroyed her — like a golden cloud she drifted, changed, then vanished altogether; and the more strenuous the efforts to retain her the more certain was it all to end in discomfiture and loss. If I showed jealousy she retreated into the fastness of indifference — if I insisted she hedged herself round with impene trable obstinacy. If I, in -my turn, assumed indifference, then she broke out into the wildest frivolity ; and when that did nothing she adopted a manner of such flirtatious audacity as compelled me to drop my poor mask of poco curantism and take some kind of action. But whatever the kind I took she always, as it were, headed me, and turned me back into the craven path of submission. And then, when she had it all her own way, she made her self so infinitely lovely, so maddeningly sweet and seductive as to rivet her chains yet more securely. - From righteous indignation she reduced me to blissful but essentially ignominious content. For all my love I knew the full extent of my fall. Of- all the young and handsome eligibles whom Algernon brought home as marshlights wherewith to mislead his sister from her allegiance the one I most feared was Lindsay Kershaw. He was everything that I was riot, and nothing that I was. - Not above the middle height, fair-haired, blue- eyed, a little inclined "to put on flesh," as are so often the men of the fair races, good-tempered, full of fun, superficial . without a touch of the darker passions — how different from the man I iras — tlio tall, lean, dark-haired, and sallow- complexioned offshoot of southern Franco, with whom pin-pricks were like sabre thrusts, and a thistledown as heavy as with him would weigh a ton weight of pain. The very con trast made this young fellow, this Lindsay Kershaw, formidable to my mind, and gave his attention to Zoe a meaning — a prepotency — that threat ened to swamp all my own acreage. And that was what Algernon Hazeldine saw ; and that was the reason why he brought him up to the house so per sistently as he did. If Lindsay could distance mo the way would be clear for everyone. Algernon had no fear of the ultimate success ' of the young Oxonian. His claims he could manipu late. It was ohly I who threatened the peace of the family by taking from them their one incomparable jewel. The others went for nothing and corild be managed. — — — CHAPTER II. " The day was heavy, close, and gloomy. Thunder- clouds hung lowering in the sky, and the summer sun was hidden. A storm was evidently brewing, and all nature seemed, to know that some catastrophe , was at hand. The birds were silent ; the butterflies, resting with folded wings, were indistinguishable from the moss, if patent enough on the flow ers. No gnats nor day flies danced overhead ; but big black hairy flies, blue-bottles, hornets, dragon-flics, and all stinging creatures were in full activity, and in the breathless stillness the spiders wove their cruel nets in covered places with out fear of failure from the wrecking of the wind. I was as usual at the hall. Also as usual Lindsay Kershaw was there too. Algernon had brought him, as he did whenever he could — and that was whenever the young athlete had nothing more exacting on hand in the way of cricket or football. It was too sultry to sit in the house, and wo wore all scattered about the lawn — some lying on the tiger skin and some sitting on the garden seats. Zoe was swinging lazily in the hammock, and I was standing by her. The atmos phere had evidently oppressed her, for she would not talk, but lay there with shut eyes, almost as if sleeping, and disturbed to petulance if I spbke to her. But'I couldsee theshining line between her half-closed lashes, and I knew that she was not asleep. For some reason unknown to me she was pouting — I will call - it by no harsher name — and when she was in this kind of mood she was what tho French call " impossible," and neither to be reasoned witli nor coaxed out of her mood. I had of fended her by some unexpected gau- cherie, some masterful word or look, and she was taking her revenge. ' I wonder if she knew how much she pained, me! I do not think she could ! , Suddenly Lindsay Kershaw yawned, stretched himself and lounged up from .the tiger-skin where he had been lying. "I -say, old fellows, this is slow work enough;" he said,' laughing. " Let us do' something." ' "All right," sung out Algernon. " What shallot be ? " ' "Yes, let us do something," cried Zoe, throwing off her pretence of sleep as if it had been a ribbon over her eyes. " Let us take a ride," said Lindsay. " No," said I ; "a storm is coming on, and everyone will be drenched." "You need not come, Justin," flashed out Zoe. " If you are afraid of a few drops of rain stay at home — no one wants you." : " I was thinking more of you than of myself," I answered ; but I felt a kind of spasm go over my face and I knew that I turned pale. " Much obliged, I am sure, old fel low," drawled Algernon ; " but I think we may be trusted to take care of our sister." " You shall not come, Justin," said Zoe, with her very little peremptory manner. I did my best to smile as at a good joke, but I made a very poor affair of it. " Why this comedy ? " I asked, with the awkwardness of a man trying to conceal pain and mortification under a joking manner. "I want to go with Algy,'' said Zoe. "And I should be de trop ? " I asked. "Very much de trop," said. Zoe, with mock gravity. "I never see Algy alone now, and I want to talk to him to-day very seriously." " I am sorry," I began, and then I stopped ; something choked my words, and I could not utter another sound. Zoe looked at me, and for a moment seemed as if she was about to say something pleasant, sweet, soothing. Then the mutinous little expression came over her face again,' and she turned her eyes from me to her brother. "You are not quite married yet," said Algernon to me, disagreeably. "As Zoe says, she and I are never -to gether now, and if she wants to be with me she shall not be thwarted." " I do not wish to interfere," I said, with the same sense of choking in my throat. " Well then, don't," was the reply. All this time Lindsay Kershaw had been standing, silent but attentive to what was going on. He was deeply flushed, but Save for this his face had no message to me nor to anyone else. " Come, Zoe, run and put on your habit," said Algernon, "I will go to the stables and get the beasts saddled, James " — to his eldest brother — " you will come ? and Lindsay, you? "Yes," said both the men at once. The earth reeled under my feet. I should have fallen had I not caught hold of a' branch of the lime tree which formed one of the " uprights'' for Zoe's hammock. " I shall know what to think, Zoe, if you make yourself a party to this insult to me," I said in a low voice to my little love, who by this time had sprung to her feet and, was standing near me. "I ask — I entreat you not to go — or at least if you do to include me," I continued, earnestly. If you do not " mi i» i__ i Xllort) WilS Ulj IalSO ulOVO Mjr Ulr finished threat roused all there was of recalcitrant and mischievous, self- willed and thoughtless, in this way ward child. Her bright eyes flashed, her ljttle figure stiffened. " You may think what you like, and I don't care what you do think," she said ; "lam going all the same ; and you shall not come. If you do I shall stay at home." On which she ran across the lawn and disappeared into the house. I felt half mad and wholly bewil dered, I knew to my cost what it was to quarrel with Zoe. Whatever had gone wrong was made ten times worse. If she had struck mo with a whip before she then struck me with a braid of scorpions. Arid all these little tiffs — which are, I suppose, inevitable to the time of courtship — lmd only re duced me still more to a state of abject slavery, and increased her power and predominance. And if I dared not resent this affront on her, still less could I on her brothers. This would be to have her as well as them against me, and I could not afford that. It was a terrible moment ; but in all the press and passion of my thought came the one Warning thought, like an inner voice speaking to me : "Patience ! bear with patience." And, like a shining strip of light reaching in the far distance beyond the dark and dreary immediate surroundings, was the faith, the belief, the knowledge that, in spite of all her waywardness, she loved me. If I lmd not known that I would have flung up the whole thingi even though I Had blown out my brains tho next moment. But I : knew that she loved me. She was wayward, and> her pretty petty tyranny .was meant for my discomfiture — but she loved me. ' Bewildered by passion, dazed with suffering, I stood there scorning my self and scorned by them. What was I but a slave, taking from an adorned mistress such blows and buffets as she chose to bestow ? Yet — how could I resist ? — how could I resent ? . The brothers, as cruel in their own way as were Isabella's, would have been only too glad had I fallon into the snare they had spread for my feet. I should then play their gamo and they would win. They provoked me to reprisals as far as they dared, but for her sake I had to bear all— even beyond the point of self-respect ; for ' her sake, because she loved me though she tortured me. Meanwhile Zoo was putting on her riding habit, and the horses were brought round, ' while the heavens grew darker arid the threatened storm was now momently more imminent. There was that mysterious hush — that eerie silence below, broken by the strange soughings of the unfelt wind in the upper branches of tho trees, which is so weird and almost ghostly. These signs were, however, of no. avail. Tho Gods wished to destroy, and they first made the victims mad. The riding party assembled, and soon the horses were cantering down the drive. Zoe had so "far relaxed in her forbidding humor as to allow me to put her up. Her little foot lay in my hand as light as a flower, and she sprang into the saddle as if she had been a bird light ing on a twig. When fairly seated and adjusted, and as she was starting, she half reined in her horse and looked back at me, as if she were going to speak to me. She did not ; she only smiled and waved her hand pleasantly, as if no shadow had come between us. At this moment she looked like a lovely child whose wayward will has been gratified. Being gratified her heart was now free to act. Where she had been wilful and disobedient she now became penitent, and her eyes prayed for the grace of reconciliation. I am glad she looked like that at me. I see her now, her graceful little head turned over her childish shoulder, and the golden fringes of her hair glistening as if they were burnished by the sun. Those golden fringes and that tender smile seemed in a manner reproductive one of the other — the same thing in twp different forms. With this I was fain to be content ; and with this smile on my heart, lying as a ray of sunshine across a barren desert, I started to go to my desolate home — my sole possession of joy a girl's fleeting, backward look. But why should I not await their return at the hall ? True, I had not been asked, and was not expected, but as Zoe's betrothed was I not exempt from such ordinary social prescriptions? It took all my self-control to keep me from directing my steps to the draw ing-room, where Zoe's picture was hanging, where her piano stood opened and a number of her favorite songs lay upon the music-rack, where the very air would bo perfumed by tho charm of her individuality. I was, as it were, drawn thither by a magnet, and I twice turned my face toward that Mecca of my yearning soul, and twice I refrained and turned back again. At that moment I caught the sound of Sealskin's voice whinnying affec tionately for me. I had left him at tho stables with directions that he shouldn't' be unsaddled. My heart gave a joyous bound. I'd leap on Seal skin's back and overtake the merry party, for although not much of an althlete I was an excellent horseman, and Sealskin could show his hind hoofs with ease to any horse in the neighborhood. But suddenly Zoe's words, "You shall not come, Justin," sounded strangely loud in my ears, and again I stood motionless, drawn by two forces of equal power. Nor was it that some mysterious voice prompted -another course. I caught the whisper, and quicker than thought itself, almost, I hastened to obey. It was to disguise myself as a groom, overtake Huggins, who would natu rally be nearly a quarter of a mile be hind tho party, send him back and fol low tho pleasure-seekers as their equerry. Would it look as if I was distressing Zoe and. was spying her movements? Oh, how silly such a thought 1 It would add to their merri ment, and I pictured to myself how Zoe, with a sweet mouc, would cry out : nuggms, uismount ana arrange my stirrups. Huggins, fall back to your place. Huggins, don't sit your horse like a wooden man." With a leap and a bound I was at the the stables, where, with the aid of one of the men, I speedily transferred my self into a suit of Huggins' livery. Sealskin shot out of tho yard like a bow from an arrow. But my joy was short-lived, for when. I reached the open highway I became conscious for the first time of the rapid progress the storm was making. The rumble of tho thunder was of that deep and booming kind which always foretells a violent storm, and in the western sky, now black as night itself, the lightning was zig-zagging with a lurid hue. I knew the course tho party was to take, and in a few moments pulled up alongside of Huggins. Algernon had nettled mo ono day by telling me that I looked like Huggins, and I believe it now, for that man actually turned pale as his eyes rested upon his double. He told me afterwards that he took me for his ghost, and had felt his hair stiffen with fear of death. I slipped a sovereign into tho fel low's hand and told him to turn bridle and put back for the hall. He thrust his tongue -into his cheek, gave me a sly wink and obeyed. The air had thickened so now that I could scarcely see tho figures of the riders ahend of me. I was quite cer tain that I knew their intent. It was to gain the club sheds on tho road to the cliffs, and take shelter there till the rain was over. But I saw that they would not be able to accomplish their purpose, for the storm was upon us. It came with that sudden and tremendous violence which seems to shake tho very earth to its centre. Expected, it yet startled, stunned, appalled. It was more like a storm in the tropics than one in our milder- mannered temperate zone. Tho thunder pealed and tho lightning flashed with terrifying force and vivid ness ; and then tho rain came down in very sheets of huge and pelting drops, whereby tho rivulets were swollen to rivers, and the rivers became un manageable torrents. Sealskin turned his beautiful head towards the play of the mad thunderbolts in the western sky and snorted nervously, but at the touch of my hand and a few words of encouragement ho quieted down and bore himself like a rational being. I had pulled up to within about a hundred feet of tho others, for there was a dull and heavy pain about my heart, and it seemed almost impossible for me to get my breath. Suddenly a long, loud, shrill scream of terror rang out above the noise of the swirling wind and the rattle of tho thunder. The cry cut my heart like a knife. Sealskin answered my call, and stretched his splendid body till he seemed almost borne along on the wings of the storm. In a' few seconds' time I was there. .. A mad fright had seized upon the three horses. Alger non's had reared and fallen upon him.- Lindsay was making unskilful efforts to control his long enough to dismount and hasten to Algernon's assistance. A flash more intensely white and blind ing than any yet showed me Lindsay's terror-stricken face, his parted lips and nerveless grasp, for, athlete though he was, he lacked entirely my courage and presence of mind. Sealskin answered the reins as readily as if the soft, still air of a June day were over our heads. I had disen gaged my right foot from the stirrup, when to my horror I saw that Zoe was was not there. Her horse had broken away with her. Frail child at the best, she had in her terror, at sight of her falling brother, lost all control over him, and was know only heaven knew where — dead, perhaps, trampled be neath the pitiless hoofs of the mad dened beast or dragged at his heels, her , fair form beating against the roadbed ; or, worse even than all, keeping her seat only to bo dashed to death when the panic-stricken animal should come to make his last wild leap over the cliffs. I know not what kept me from breathing out my life then and there. I think it was Sealskin, who stood so like a thinking, reason ing creature, only waiting for me to como to myself and give him the word to go. At last my bewilderment van ished. I drew |the reins tightly over the arched, velvety neck, and" cried like a madman — shrieked is a better word—" Go, go, Sealskin ; for her life go, you beautiful beast, go. For Zoe's sake, go. You alone can save her — my Zoe, my life and my love l" CHAPTER III. Never, if I live to be a thousand years old, shall I forget the thrill of delight that entered my body from Sealskinjs as he sprang forward at my call ; his long beautiful neck stretched out, and his delicate pointed ears laid back. Oh, it was a glorious sight ! He pierced tho black air like the very lightning which was flashing about us. I felt that he knew quite as well as I what was needed of him. In half a minute it would be too late. ' Zoe's horse would reach the cliffs and carry that earthly angel to a dreadful death on the rocks below. Although I was cleaving tho storm- lashed air at such lightning- liko speed, yet it seemed an eternity to me ore tho terror-stricken animal winch was bear ing that frail, girlish form away from me came in sight. But at last I caught and my horse caught the rattle of his hoofs. I could feel Sealskin lengthen out his stride. He was making a terrific eftort to catch tho fugitives. The sight of Zoe steadied my thoughts at once. With a gentle tug I sent Sealskin to the right of her. I was just in time. Another 10 seconds and she would have been over the cliffs. Throwing my reins ovor my arm as Sealskin caught the gait of tho other horse, I leaned forward and, passing my arm around Zoo's slender waist, I called out in a calm, commanding voice : "Cast yourself loose from tho saddle, Miss Zoe, I have hold of you." At'that instant there was a simul taneous flash of lightning and deafen- ing rasue oi ciiuncier. j; rceu trom all restraint iZoe's horse dashed forward and disappeared over the cliffs. It was hardly necessary for me to rein in Sealskin, so alert was ho to do his whole duty. The lightning had cut its way through tho storm-cloud and I had caught a glimpse of Zoe's face. Death could not have made it paler. She lmd swooned completely. Her eyes were closed and her long black lashes, beaten against her cheeks 'by the rain, gave her beautiful face the look of death by drowning. A keeper's lodge stood only a few hundred feet away ; thither I turned Sealskin's head, and I lifted that loved burden gently down and bore it into tho house. As I was firmly resolved, if at all possible, to keep from Zoo tho knowledge of iny having saved her life I hastily confided her to tho care of tho keeper's wife, saying that I would ride back to the hall to get a carriage. Up to this moment I had not given a thought to Algernon and Lindsay. Should I not ride to their assistance ? And yet I hated to betray myself. As the storm had spent its fury and nature was once more serene and smiling I could get a view of a long stretch of roadway. My mind was relieved of a terrible weight of anxiety upon seeing the two young men cantering slowly toward me. I had just time to avoid them. By the time I was back into my own clothes again tho carriage canity round from the stables, and springing upon tho box I took tho reins out of tho coachman's hands, for I wanted to do everything myself, and would have been only too happy to drag the carriage. In a fow moments I had clasped my beloved Zoe, radiant and smiling but a bit agitated, in my arms. , She broke down completely tho . moment the carriage door was slammed upon us, and lay for a moment or so weeping and sobbing in my arms. Suddenly sho burst out in a delioiously naive way : — " But, dearest, what shall I do for Huggins ? What do people generally do when- other people save their lives ? It was really a piece of impertinence on his part, just as if I didn't know the cliffs were there. I have a great mind to discharge him. All at once her gaiety left her, her face clouded up, her oyos opened with a strange look of mystification in them. "Justin, Justin; look, look!" she half shrieked, "the print of your ring on tho back of my hand. What does it mean? Speak, tell mo; when did it happen? Oh, miserable man, I see it all; it was you, and not Huggins, who saved mo. Look, look, wretch that you are ; see the imprint loft upon me, . I felt it as you lifted me from horse. Justin, Justin, you have branded me, poor slave that I am. I shall never draw another happy breath." I did not know then what this wild talk meant. I thought it was natural that Zoe should bo somewhat hysterical, and paid little', attention to her strange words. - In fact, I attempted to pooli- 'pooh the idea that I and not Huggins had saved her life. But no, the evi dence was overwhelming. There upon the back of her soft white hand was the perfect impress of a strange seal ring which I wore upon the third finger of my left hand — a ' class ring, a jewelled serpent coiled upon a large moonstone with his tail in his mouth, encircling the Greek word " Aei" (for ever). So as we neared the hall I made a full confession, and, as I said to Zoe, " threw myself upon tho mercy of the court." " Miserable man," she ex claimed, " you shall receivethe heaviest penalty the law allows." Zoe seemed quite herself when her fn.fr.lint nr>/l mnfrVinn mnfr. Iiam nf 4-Vm door, both of them too much over come to do more than rain caresses upon this wild and- wayward child, whom I had snatched from tho very jaws of death for them, and for myself. And oh, what a season of sweet triumph this was for me, who had been for so many years tho butt of indiffer ence, the object of covert ridicule, tho target of contumely at tho hall, where I verily beliove Zoo's love for me only saved me from death at tho hands of these jealous brothers. Now they hugged me, quarrelled for tho privi lege of handing me a cigarette, or doing me some small servico. And how sweet to mo was tho spectacle of tho neglected Lindsay ! How entirely delightful was it for me to find myself suddenly conducted from tho lowest to tho highest seat in tho Synagogue ! And yet there was a voice, a low, thin, cold voice that spoiled my triumph. I didn't recognise it at first and was startled to find that it came from Zoo's sweet lips. As she turned to go up stairs she leaned over tho railing, drew her hand out of mine arid whis pered : " That ring." I took it off and handed it to her. When dinner was announced Zoo was a little late and wo wore waiting for her. To. tho surprise of all, and to my secret disquiet, the beautiful Zoo glided into the drawing-room clad, not in her customary white, but in black. Although tho material was a tulle and displayed through its diaphanous web tho faultless symmetry of her figure, making her look as radiant as the evening star, yet I was troubled. Hanging on the same chain with the locket which held my likeness was the mystic ring. " You see, dearest," she murmured as she raised her speaking eyes to me, "your slave wears tho symbol of hor bondage. It is Aoi, for ever. When night camo a strange silenco settled .upon tho hall. Everyone seemed to bo too weary for music or cards. Zoe and I parted at an early hour. But I could not sleep, and tossed about, passing tho time study ing tho fantastic shapes paneled by the moonlight on tho walls and hang ings. . . What was in my room to-night? What presence haunted it with fore bodings of sorrow? Sighs seemed to fill the air — ono would have said that a woman was gently weeping. I noornrl nil firm in /I lint «« <sn» «i(nn #.« «»» vuiivtj ivuv iiv vuu rr ao uu bo seen. . When I drew back the curtains and looked out, the moonlight lay like a silver sheet ovor tho grass, and the moon herself shone high like a burnished shield in tho clear, un clouded sky. But in tho room was still the consciousness of a presence, the faint echo of sigh, and a woman's quiet weeping. I was nob asleep ; I had not lost consciousness for half a moment ; when suddenly I became aware of something more than myself close to mo. I opened my eyes, and there, leaning over me, but as if hovering in tho air, not standing on tho earth, I saw the form of Zoo. The moonlight shone on hor tho same as it shone on tho grass nnd flowers of the gardens — as it shono on the silent trees and tho still waters of the tranquil lake. I saw her as clearly as I saw that moonlight itself. She was as visible— and as intangible. I put out my hand to her, as she bent over mo, but it met nottiing — grasped nothing. It seemed to part, to disperse the sub stance, whatever it was, that formed this intangible vision ; and when I withdrew it and sank back on the pil low sho reappeared as visibly as before. She bent over me and her face came nearer to mine. As I live I felt the shadowy touch of her sweet lips on mine, and I heard — and yet I did not hear with my outer ears, but in my inner senses — her soft voice whisper tenderly: "Justin, I love you. For give me, 1 love you 1" " I love you. Don't doubt it, but I dare not be yours. Forgive me, poor, weak woman that I am, I cannot help it." . Hark, was not that a footfall? Whence came that faint rustle? 'I sprang up. A tiny white object lay upon the floor. I stooped and picked it up. It was a note from Zoe, and contained these words : Dearest,— I- am on my knees as I writo these lines in prayer to yon. I ant about to put your love to a severo test indeed, for 1 come to you to-night to ask you to releaso me from my vow. You know, my loved Justin, whnt a wicked, wilful, and selfish woman I ipn, and how long it was necessary for ine to wrestle with this rebellious spirit before I could bring myscif to part with my liberty to promise to'becomc your wife. Id was a terrible struggle, for I love free dom so. I revel in that spirit which knows no master and turns with disdain from the hand that would control. Nature made mc so and man has improved on nature's work. Now that 1 owo my life to you, I shudder at the thought of wearing double chains. My sense of indebtedness to you hovers over me like some dread phantom. I was willing, dearest, to owe my happiness to you, but my existence, never, I shrink from being eternally reminded of tho fact that though you might strike mo down dead for . my mutinous spirit I'd have no right to utter a word of complaint. Lot' this last act of yours be a loving onb, Aoi, dearest, and set mc free again. It will bo for over, for ever, Justin, for it is my intention to enter a religious house, where my life will be spent' in God's service and in yours. ' Zoe. With a dreadful and paralysing effect this letter Bmote the. hearts. of every one at the hall, and so well did ; we all know Zoe's disposition that a . dull, blank despair settled upon us. Wiien I looked upon that beautiful face, so transfigured in a single night, ? it seemed to mo that she was dead, and that in reality it wns naught but her spirit which glided noiselessly from room to room with a smile on its white face of such angelic sweetness that ; no one dared to speak the name of . Zoo. The family physician was hastily called in, but ho shook his head mourn fully. " It is not in my line," he murmured - in an absent-minded way, " but pos sibly I may be able to help you out. I'll go home and think it over. Ah, women are strange folk, very strange . folk." A day or so after the good doctor came again. Ho was bright and cherry . and certainly had something important to communicate. A family consultation was called. " Justin must fall ill," he began. " Fall ill ?" I repeated wonderingly, " Yes, and very ill, too, apparently. I'll regulate your diet for you so as to make you lose flesh, and give you some harmless medicine to bleach you out. , You must have chest pains, and when once you begin to have them you musn't forget to keep tliern up, and you musn't get frightened after a while whdn you see how near death's door you really appear to be." I promised absolute obedience, and in a few days tho first effects of the doctor's treatment began to be visible, Zoe spent a great deal of her time at a convent near tho hall, where sho was preparing to enter upon her novitiate ; but I could see very plainly that my changed appearance was at tracting her attention, nnd occupying her thoughts. She intercepted tho doctor one day, and taking -.'.vim aside questioned him in a subdued tone. "In heaven's name, doctor, wliat'3 the matter with Justin ?" " A complication of ailments, Zoo, I regret to say." " And you will make him well, dear doctor, will you not?" "If I pull him through the winter 16 will be the very most I can do." Zoo caught her breath. About a week after this, as I was re clining in an easy chair before tho open window, I felt a hand pass softly over my hair, and, gliding down my cheek, rest upon my shoulder. It was Zoo's. " Poor, dear boy,'' she murmured ; " would it be a.\ comfort to you to have the Zoe you leave behind you boar your namo ? " My heart gavo a bound at these words, and it wns only with the greatest difficulty that I could keep myself from bursting out with a joyful " Yes, yes, Zoe, my darling, my life and my love," and from throwing iny arms around her in a paroxysm of delight. But I restrained myself and said with a sigh ; " Yes, dear Zoo, it would be a great comfort." In a few days it was arranged to have the marriage ceremony performed, and tho lovely Zoe, on her way to the convent, halted long enough in the drawing-room to speak the fatal words which made her my wife. " I can do nothing more for him,'' said tho doctor one day to Zoe, " but you, by tender nursing, may possibly add another month to his life." Zoo determined that that extra month should be mine, ami began to lavish attentions upon n;e, and I com menced to mend.. so rapidly '.hat I could spe that Zoe was almost, staitjofi by the success of her efforts. "Take care, Zoe, my life, my love, you may add more than that month the doctor promised you," and her only answer was to bury hor beautiful head in my breast. Then I knew that the timo had come for Die to get well. 