A Pack of Cards. A simple sentence. but do you know the knowledge this little sentence contains Listen, and I ilUtell you. Miny years ago, during the reign of Charles VI., card-playing was first introduced into Feanae, and became so the rage, and was carried to such an cx tent that it was for a timeprobibited. Society was divided into four clauoes, railed caster, and each of these captee represented by the four different suits of cards : First - hearts or churchmen, from theFrench cmir (heart), eolledgeeis de clwur, or choirmen. Second spades or pike heads, and represented the nobles. Thirdr-diamonds or iquars stones represented the workmen. Fodth--l:bs or clover leaves indioted the peasantry. Nor is thin all, for does not the acs remind yon there is one Goa. 73e Dere--of the Father and Son. The Tray-of the Father, Son' and Holy Ghost. The Iomr--of the fonrevangel lists who preecnlhed, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. The Five-of the fite wise virgins who had their lamps trimmed. The Si.r-" In six days the Lord made the heaven and earth." The SAven-" On the Seventh the Lrda rested. .T/he Eir?-t-of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world, Noah. his wife, three Eons and their wives. Tre Nine-nine lepere wee olesined by our L,rd. There were ten, but nine gave thanks. Th'e en -of theten commandments handed down to Moses. Thte King- of the great King in Heaven, The.Queenr-of the Queen, Sheba, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her fifty girls, and fifty boys, all dressed in male attire for the King to tell which. were boys and which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash, and as the girls washed to the elbows and the toys to the wrists; the King soon judged. Counting the spots on a pack of cards there ec- a95, as many days as there are in a year. Counting the number of cards to a psak, there are 62, equal to the number of weeks in year. There are four suits-the number of weeks in a month; and last 12 pictore cards in a paoO, representing 12 months in a yver, and on counting the tricks, which are 13, the number of weeks in a qearler. So you use that simle seentnce not only contains a history, hut a bible almanao and common prayer-hook. 