What is it. ** v' THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL' " No 1. do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, " but 1 do believe in the' minis tration of spirits." This is not the age qor the country which in thesupernaturalfloujisbes. Inter est centres about thej,practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if the landlord is willing to kneek off a portion of the rent. There' are many.Jioivover, who will admit tjie exertion at times^f-rsome peculiar influence swaying ^pur act. ion?. Wo are led to do things we would pot do of our own volition-the wisdom of which wc do not appreciate until nfterwards ; then we wonder how wc came to do them. \\\'e are forced to learn that wordly wisdom is not always-that which guides in to the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in what they see ; the " evidence of thiug's not seen " is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. Hut if it docs not' cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physi cian, and inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence in duces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Jidmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1890 : " During the past 10 years 1 have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, nnd in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged head aches the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about ft more serious disease. Finally 1 tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did 1 experience any amelioration in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change, and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale street, Melbourne, says : " 80th October, 181)0-For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often, with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition 1 was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resortiug to Warner's safc':'cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute^pains' in the right side, caused by congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 