AMUSEMENTS.? IRISH DRAMA AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. Whatever wrongs old Ireland may have suffered, she cannot complain of bad treatment on the stage. Her sorrows rend her joys have been illustrated times out of number by dramatists, but never more powerfully than by her especial defenders, Dion Boucicault and Edmund Falconer Those arch-priest of the Irish drama have painted, with singular success, the tribu- lations and the, pleasures of their country both of these deceased authors were born in Dublin. into the respective merits of these playwrights we do not propose to enter. 1 boy were both actors, and, from an intimate acquaintance with the stage, they know all its requirements Consequently, their pieces were generally workmanlike and effective These writers, more than any others, have given to the stage the pathos and the humour which are identical with the Irish race. Working with the same materials their plays, founded on life in Ireland, bear a close roses June to each other They invariably contain an out- law who is in deadly peril throughout the piece, a virtuous and persecuted heroine, at least one villain Generally the rnuch-deapieed process-server anil the indispensable, "Hoggarth," or priest. The most important character has yet to be named. Toes is the peasant, always an ardent lover of the "screen," a ready-witted fellow with a heart as sound as his tongue is glib, an easy- going, devil-may-care, lazy individual, who is forgiven all his party suits in consideration of the fact that no Irish melo-drama would be comple a without him He appears as Mylcs-na-Coppaleen in "The Colleen Bawn," as Shaun the Post in " Arrah-na-Pogue," and n- Conn O'Kelly in " The Shangbrauu," parts which Bouci can't wrote for and noted himself. Falconer, who was celebrated as Danny Man, a part which he played in the original London production of "The Colleen Bawn," pursued the same plan in regard to his nieces Thus, In " Poop or' bay " we have Ularnoy O'Toole, who, in Galway Go Bragh, or, Love, Tun, and Fighting an adaptation of Lever's Charles O'Mal ley becomes Mickey Free, In "Eileen Ogo" he is seen as Brian Farrell, rare character which Mr. Grattan Riggs now assumes. It little matters by what name he is called, has 'a always the same jovial, happy, warm-hearted, and acceptable companion The points of resemblance bels een Boucicault and falconer do not stop here. Each of their melodramas contains at least one ritual ion which is ingenious in the extreme, startling- sand, from a theatrical point of view, highly effective, in " Eileen Ogo the great situation of the piece is quite up to the necessary standard. It provoked Sa/ urdat 's audience to a display of loud, prolonged, and well-deserved enthusiasm. The story of "Eileen go." has the touch of romance, the mingled pathos and humour, and the stirring scenes which are indispensable to Irish drama of the class. I', is a sound, healthy place It Is will interpreted! by Mr. Riggs and his company who will work even better together now that the hesitancy of a first performance Is passed-and its se and effects are really admirable. Athough it is into food to replace Mr Falconer's drama on next Saturday with " Shin Fane," the mounting of .' Eileen Ogo " leaves nothing to be desired. Mr. George Gor ton's delightful picture of landscape and his moonlit rained water-mill are not only pleasing to the eye, but excellent examples of the beaconed art. " Eileen Ogo," like the other pieces mentioned, in a melo-drama in the true sense of the word-that is to say, it is drama in which music is interspersed. The music, this time, is not a lamentation It consists, chiefly), of a couple of comic songs and the accompani- ment to a Itvost and pretty dance which, appropriately enough, is indulged in by the haymakers. Its 'story is interest tinginiteelf and instriicttteasebowlngthnt modern dramatists have occasionally been forestalled by the dead and almost forgotten edmund Falconer. A well, to- do young farmer Patrick O'Donnell, is on the eve of marrying Eileen Moriarty, when he learns of an im- ponding disaster eviction from his land like the honest lad that he is, he prefers telling the truth to going. to the altar with a he in his heart, to be taken the risk of being separated from Eileen, his best love., and the news is imparted to her at the moment of starting for church. It is needless to say that the mail does not desert her betrothed in the boar of need, but his troubles, alas ' haven't started. The wedding procession is stopped by the arrival of the military. Patrick is arrested-on a false charge, of course and arched off to prison Instead of church. By the machinations of the villains-for there are two of them in this play - Eileen's father is rendered almost penny loss, and pressure is brought to bear upon the girl in order to induce her to marry the prime author of the mischief. But in a vision an old-fashioned device which elicited great applause. from Saturday's audience Patrick, who has not been heard from for years, is seen stranded on a desolate tropical island. His forlorn state is described in pantomime, but, in the end, he is rescued. The hay-Held-a capitally arranged scene shows us the peasants at work, or, rather should it not be at play? The has makers sing and dance, there are churns of buttermilk and kegs of whiskey. The peasants, Indeed, are some- to hat to be any led Their merriment, however. Is ruthlessly interrupted by the arrival of the obnoxious pro- cess sorter, who is promptly packed into his own basket and smothered in bay. The handful of soldiers are powerless. They are signed by the women, pitchforked by the war, and the curtain descends on the ot troops star spectacle of defeated power and the triumph of the peasantry ' In the next act, according to the programme, the " plot thickens." And sort does. Patrick., unable to resist the charms of his native land, returned home, in defiance of the law. Elis sweetheart is "still pestered with the attentions of his enemy, and her father is at his wits ends to satisfy the claims of his landlord Patrick seeks shelter in a disused we termed, a spot which is avoided by the villagers in consequence of a belief that it is hard ted by the ghost of a murdered woman Patrick's foes, however, leave his hiding-place, and, bent on his murder, track him thither. He 12 overpowered chloroformed, and thrown down a trap into the water beneath, which, it is calculated, will wear his body out to sea. The supposed murder is witnessed by 1 Patrick's sister, who proclaims herself, and, in consequence, is about to share her brother's fate when our old friend, Brian Farrell, the good genius of the piece, arrives on the scene, shoots down the aggressor, and rescues the girl This situation is one of the most exciting that has been witnessed on the stage for some time. The last act is devoted to clearing up the hero's innocence and punishing the guilty ones Last acts are prover ball) bleak, but the author's ingenuity enabled him in this case to introduce another capital situation which forms a good finish to one of the most sincere, most startling, and certainty one of the most notable of Irish melodramas. It is rather strange, in view of the merits of " Eileen Oge, or Dark's the Hour Before the Dawn," that, although only performed for the first time at the Princess's Theatre, London, on June 29, 1871, It is now so seldom seen. Mr. Grattan Riggs possesses the quiet, droll, infectious humour which is so necessary for such a character as, Brian Farrell His easy, natural style is eminently suited to this character. The part is not by any means the chief one in the drama, but Mr. Riggs brings it into prominence by reason of his luainuuttDg manner and quaint humour. The hero is placed in a manly way by Mr R Stewart, jun., who makes the most of the rather gloomy person Eileen is acted with intelligence and allopathy by Miss Constance Deonatn. One of the best performances in the whole representation is that given by Miss Alice Deorwyn as a brierht-ipirlte., bonny Irish girl, who in made love to by a ridiculous Uunkcj, but who marries Brian Farrell. This actress has not been previously seen to such advantage Her humour is of the right sort and her winning impersonation is not marred by self consciousness Mr Robert Inman is quite good as the " gentlemanly villain." 1 he better acting part of the two villages is, however, that of a scotch land agent, as crafty and nefarious rainfall as ever lived It is well taken by Mr. J. P. West, who hits off the character, recent and all, excellent. ). Miss Maud Appleton, as the insipid sister, looks pretty, and renders good sort tea in a trial moment. I mi the Penman, a forger-a recent London play was called '* Jim the Penman," and dealt with the life of a forger is well represented by Mr. C. J. Berkley. Mr. G Mott life, as a militant priest, Mr. A. G. Pi nation as the trunk.), Captain de Burgh as the heroine's father, with the the actors who sing in the second act, should be mentioned A word of praise is due to Mr. W. Rice, the musical conductor of this theatre, who has shown taste in the selection of the music which is given during the play and in the intervals between the nets. The credit of the smoothness and good effect of the picturesque "Haj maker's Run " belongs to Mr. Frank Emery. 