TALES AMD : . U I Wi. \ \ . . THE NEW RECTOR?: , ; By the Author op " The Hocseop -the . \VOLF." ;. Chapter XX. — A Sudden CAi.ru ' "Koto," said :Daintry, looking up from a lesson book as hor . sister entered the dining- loom a few mornings after the bazaar, " arc you turn going to seo old Peggy Jones again?: I tmaure that you have not been . near hor : for a fortnight?" .-!- "I ought to go, -I know, "-.Kate .answered, mining by tho sideboard; ..with A; big. bunch'- of keys dangling from her fingers and an absent eiprvssloii in her grey, eyes,; . "I have; not been for somo time." "Iohould think yon had not I" quoth Daintry teveiely. "You have hardly boon out of' the house the last four days.'?' r .- A faint color stole into the elder girl's -face, orid, seeming suddenly to recollect what, she wanted, shoturnoiVand began, to search in the drawer behind hor. She knew quito well that what Daintry said was true — that she had not been out for four days. Jsok had delivered the rector's mcssngo to her, and she had listened with downcast eyes and a grave composure — a composure so' perfect tlmt even the messenger who held the clue ill his. hand was almost deceived by it. All the saine, it had mado her very happy. The. young rector appreciated at Inst the motivo which had led her to give him that strange warning. Ho was grateful to her, and anxious to mnkc licr understand his grati tude. And whilo sho dwelt on this with pleasure, sho foresaw witli a strange mingling of joy and fear, of anticipation and .shrinking, that tho first time- she met him abroad ho would strive to mnko it still more clear to her. ' So for four days, lest sho should seem even to bersolf to ho precipitating the meeting, she had refrained from going out. Now, when Daintry remarked upon the cliango in lier habits, she blushed at the thought, that she might all the time liavo been exaggerating a trifle ; and, though she did not go out at onco, in the course of the afternoon sho did issue forth, and called upon old l'cggy. Coming back sho had to pass through the churchyard, and there, on the very tpot where sho had once forced herself to address liim, alio mot tho rector. She saw him while ho was still some way off, ami boforo ho saw her, and sho looked eagerly for any trace of tho trouble of the last few days. Ithaduot changed liim.'ntany rate. It lind rather accentuated him, she thought. Ho looked moro boyish, rnoro impetuous, moro independent than ever, as lie came swinging along, his blonde head thrown back, his eyes roving this way and that, liie long skirts Sapping behind him. Of defeat or humiliation he betrayod not n truco ; and tlio firl wondered, seeing him so calm andBtiong, if lie had really sent her tlmt message — which eecmcd to have come from a man hard pressed. A glnuco told her all this ; and then lie caw her, aud, a flash of recognition sweeping across tie face, quickened bis steps to meet her. Ifo eecmcd to be shakiug hands with her before bo mail well conaidercd what ho would say, for when pe bad gono through that ceremony, and said uouu morning," ho stood awkwardly silent, llicn he said hurriedly, "I have been waiting for lomo tiino to speak to you, Bliss Bonamy." Indeed ?" she. said calmly. Sho wondered at bar own solf control. r " Y?3'" ',0 nn'iWercd, his color rising. " And I could not have met you in a better place." Why ?" sho asked. As if sho did not know? Hie simplest woman is an actress by nature. Becauso," ho answorod, " it is woll that I aiieukldopenanccwhcrolsinuod, Miss Bonamy," bo continued impetuously, yot in a low voice, ami with his eyes on tho'ground.' "I owe you a deep apology for my rudo tlianklossnoss wliou i mot you hero last. You wore right and I was wrong ; hut if it had beon tho other way, still I aught not to have hehaved to you a3 1 did. I thought — that is— I » l.» 1 «a"e Rn< "topped. Ho meant that he r.ii ,,us'lk that she wos playing into her jather s bands, but lieeould Iiardly tell her that, .a e1 luorstood, however, or guessed, aud for mo flrst time sho blushed. "Pray, do not soy it J1,0.'.0 a'raut it," she said hurriedly. " rii Bem' ou " "loasage," ho answered. u'b yoa. yes," bIio replied, anxious only to " \v- "H apologies, iv oil," ho rejoined with a nmilo wliioh did if f.cl"!l>'oteiy veil his cornestnese, "I do find our rv t 'J10— l'loniantto look farther back to M«„ i . v'a't- But you aro going this way. Bay I with you ?" "iy going home," Kato answered iln i,„ , a<i ')c<m humblo enough; to her. linn !lIKl looked all she liad'expactcd. wlinm "3, "ot at ail tho or iished, : beaten mau Bho had looked to meet. Ho was, out- wardly., at least, the sauie man who had onco sought her society for a fow weeks and had then Blighted her and shunned her to consort with tho Homfrays and their olass. Ho had notsaid ho was sorry for that. : Ho read hor tone aright, and. he oolorcd furiously, growing in a 'second a thousand times mote contused than before. ; It was on the cards that ho, would acoopt tlio rebuff, and leave her in resentment. Indeed, that was his first impulse. But the consciousness, which tlio next moment filled his mind, that ho had desorved this, and perhaps tlio charm of hor grey oyes and proud down turned face, overcame him. "I ivill come a littlo '.way. with you, if you will let rae," he said,- turning and walking by her side. . . : Kate's heart gavo a great leap.-; Sho. under stood both tho first thought and tho. second, tho weaker 'impulse, and .the . stro'ngor : ouo which -mastered: it, . ;and sho would not have been a woman- had she hot fett her triumph. Sho hastened to find-: something to say,' . and could think only of tlio bazaar. She asked him if it had been a success, ; . . ".The bazaar ?" lie said. "To tell you tho truth, I am afraid I hardly know. 1 should say so, now you ask mo, but I have not giveu much thought to -it Bince, :I;bave been too fully ocoupicd with other things," ho added, a lioto of bitterness inhis yoioe. " Ah ! Miss Bonamy," with a fresli ohango of tone, " what a good follow your cousin is 1" i "Yes, ho is iiideed I" sho answorod heartily. ' ; " I. cannot .tell you," lie eoutinuod, " what generous help and support lie hiis given mo dur ing the lost fow days. Ho has been the greatest possible comfort to me." She looked up at him impulsively. " He is Daintry's horo," sho said. \- "Yes," bo anBwerod laughing, "Iromomber that her praiso made mo almost jealous of him. That was when I first know you — when I was coming to Olnversbam, you remember, Miss Bonamy,- full of pleasant anticipations , and hopes. Tho reality has been different., Jock has told you, of courso, of Lord Dynmorc's dtrango attack upon mo? But porkaps," he added, cheeking himself, and glancing other, "I ought not to speak to you about it, as your father is aoting for him." : , " I do not think ho is," sho murmured, look ing straight boforo her. . "But— it is true tlio only communication ; I have had sinco has been from London— still I '.thought— I mean I; was under the im- preksion— thatLordDynmoro had at once gone to your father." r.think ho saw him at tho ofiioe, ' Kate i answered, ; but I believe my father is not aoting foi- aim," i - ' V ; „ "Do7'-y.ou know, why ?" said : tho reotor, -bluntly; " AVliy lie is hot, I'riican ?" . ; ."No;" she said— that anil nothing more, Sho wak'too proud to defohd.liei' father, thougli ho bad let drop oaough ill the family oirolo to onnbio her to eoino , to a conclusion, and sho might with truth liavo nindo out a story wliioli would havo set tlio , lawyer in a light differing much from that in which : tho rector was acous- to'mcd to view liim. , - ' j Beginolil Liiido' walked on considering the matter. Suddenly ho said, "The arobdeaoon thinks I ought to resign. What do you think, Miss Bonamy?" . ; Her heart began to beat quickly. Ho was seeking hor advice— asking her opinion in this matter, bo utterly important to him, so abso lutely vital. Ifur a moment she could not speak, sho was so fillod with surprises Then she said gently, hor eyes on tho pavoment, " I do not think I can judge." "But you must havo heard— mora I dare say than I have," he rejoined with a forced laugh. "Will you tell mo wlint you think?" : She looked beforo her, her faco troubled. Then sho spoke brnvoly. \- I tlunk yon should juugo for yourself," she said in a low tone, full of sorions fooling. " Tho responsibility is yours. I do not think that Sou should depend entiroly oil anyone's advice, ut Bhould try to do right according to your conscience — not acting hastily, but coolly, and on reflection." , Thoy wero almost at Miss Bonamy 's door when she said this, and lie traversed the remain der of the dUtanco without speaking. At the stops ha halted and held out hishand. "Thank you," ha said, ntmply.' "I hope I shall uso this advice to bettor purpose than .the lost you gave me. Please romembor mo to your sister. . Good bye."- Sho bowed Bilontly and wont in, and ho turnod back and walked up tho street. The dusk was falling. A few yards in front of him tho lamo lamplighter was going his rounds, ladder on shoulder. In every other shop tlio gnewasbeginningtogleam. Theniglitwascoming, was almost come, yet still above the houses the sky, a pale greenish blue, was bright with day light, against which tho great tower of tho church stood up bulky and black. Tho young man was in a curious mood. Though lie walked the common pavement, lie felt himself, as be gazed upwards, alone with hiB thoughts, wliioh went back, willy nltly, to his first evening in Olavershani. Ho rememborod bow free from reproach or stumbling blocks bis path had seemed then, to what blameless ends lie bad in fancy dovoteil himself. What works of thanks giving, Bmall hut beneficent as tho tiny rills which steal downwards through the forns to tlio pasture, lie had planned. Aud in the centre of that past dream of tbo futuro ho pictured now— Kate Bonamy. Well, the reality had been different. Ho was just beginning to wonder when ho would bo likely to moot lier again, and to dwell witli curious pleasure on somo of tlio details of her dreBS and appenranco, when the sudden clatter of hoofs behind him caused him to turn his head. Far down the Btreot a rider had just turned the corner, and was now galloping up tho middle of tho roadway, the manner in wliio i he urged on bis pony speaking loudly of disaster aud ill news. Opposito tbo reotor ho pulled up ami cried out, " Wlioro is the doctor, sir!" Lindo turned sharply round and rang tho boll of the house behind uim, wliioh happonod to bo Gregg's. " Ilero," ho said, briefly. "What is it, my man?" : " An explosion in tho Big Pit at Baorton, tlio man replied, almost blubbering with excite ment and the speed at which ho had come. "There is liko to bo 50 kilted and as many hurt, I was told. But I came straight off." U Wlmn ilM if. Itnttnnn 9" T.intlrt fiultefl. & VAVO of wild excitement following his first impulse of horror. " About an hour and a quarter ago, as near as I can say," tlio messenger, a farm laborer called from tho plough, answorod. Dr. Gregg was out, and tho clergyman walked by the sido of the horse, a crowd gathering be hind him a3 tho news spread, to tho liouso of Mr. Kcogli, tho other doctor, who fortunately lived closo by. lie was at home, end, the messenger going in to toll him tho particulars, in five minutes liis gig was at the door. Tlio reotor, who had gone in, too, oame out with him, aiid, without asking leave, climbed to tho scat beside him. " Hallo ! " said tlio surgeon, an elderly man, stout aiid 'whito haired, " aro you coming, too, Mr. Undo?" . ,, ... " I think," tho reotor answorod, . that there may be cases in which you oaii do little and l muoli. Sir. Walker, the vicar of Bacrton, is ill in bed, I know ; and ns the news has corno to me first, I think I ought to go.!' i .; v.-.l. "Right you aro!" said Mr. Kcogh gruffly. "Let go !" In anothor momont the fast trotting cob was whirling the two. men down tho'atreot. Thoy turned tho corner nharply, and ha the breeze met tlicin an the bridge; compelling Lindo to turn up the collarof bis. coat, and draw the rug moro oioscly round him, the church clock in tlio- town behind them struck the hnlf-hour. " Half- past 5," said the . reotor. The surgeon: did not answer. They wero in the open country now, the hedges speeding swiftly, by them in the light of tbo lamps, and tko long outlino of BaorHiU, a lingo misshapen lump which rose into a point at one end, lying dim and black beforo thorn. Anight drivo is always impres sive. In tho gloom, ill the sough of the wind, in tho sky serenely star lit, in o tumult of hur rying clouds, in the rattle of tho wheels, in the monotonous fall of the hoofs, tliero i3 an appeal to the sombre sido of . n man. How much inorc when the sough of tlio wind .scorns, to tlio ima gination a cry of. pain, and the night is n dark background on wnicli the fanoy paints dying faces I . At such a tiino the cares of life, wliioh day .by day rise one. beyond another, and pro- vent us; dwolling over-much on the end, sink into pottincss, ioaviug us faco to face with weightier i-sues. ; : "Tliero have boon accidents hero boforo ? " tho alorgyman asked, after a long silence, j " Thirty-fivo years ago tliero .was one ! '-' his oompanion .answered, with a groan which betrayed his appfehensins. "Good heavens, air, 1 i-emembei it now.l I was young then and fresli from tho hospitals ; but it was almost too much for mo 1 " ; " I, hope that this oho; has been exaggerated," Lindo repliod, ontoring fully into tho othor's feelings," "I did hot quite understand tlio man's account ; but, as far as I could follow it, one of . tbo two 'shafts — tho downcast shaft I think it was — was jammed full of rubbish and rendered quitouseless," . . ; . "Just what I oxpected 1" ejaeulatod his oom panion.-; -1... I .... .. . "Aud they could now communicato with the workings-only . through tho upcast shaft, in which thoy Lad rigged , up bouio temporary lifting gear." - ; , : I " Ay, it is tlio doonest pit lioro," tho surgeon oliimed- in, as the horso began to breast tlio steopcr part of tho asoent, and tlio furnace fires, before and nbovo them, bogan to flicker and glow, now sinking into darkness, now flam- ing up like benoon fires. Tlio workings aro 2000 foet below the, snrfaoe, man ! " ."Ston!" Lindo said. "Hero is somoono looking for us, I think." Two women with shawls over their heads oame to tho sido of tho gig. "Be you the doctors?" said one of thorn; and then in another minuto the two wero following bcr up the sido of tlio outtiifg which hero confined tho road. Tho hillside gained, they were hurried round pit-band aud slag-bcaps, and under cranes and ruinous sinking walls, and over and under mysterious obstacles, sometimes looming large iu tho gloom and sometimos lying unscon at their feet— until they emcrgad at length with startling abruptness into a large circle of daz zling light. Four great fires were burning close together, and round them, motionless and for the most part silent, in appearance almost apathetic, Btood hundreds of dark shadows — moil and womon waiting for news. , Tlio silence and inaction of eo largo a crowd struck a obill to Lindo's heart. "When lie re- ooverod himself, ho was Btanding in the midst of a dozen rough fellows, somo half stripped, some muffled up in pilot- jackets or coarse shiny clothes. Tho orowd seemed to be watoking them, and they spoke now and then to one another in a desultory expectant fashion, from whioli ho judged they wero in authority. "It is a bad job — a very bad job!" his oom panion was Baying nervously. " Is there any- thiug I oaii do yet ? " "Well, that depends, doctor," answered ona of the men, his manner of speaking proving that lie. was not a more working collier. ".There is no one up yot," he added, eyeing the doctor dubiously. " But it docs not cxaetly follow thntyou can do nothing. Some ot us havo just oome up, and there is a shift of men exploring: down there now. Throe bodies havo been re covered, and thoy are at the foot of tho shaft ; and three poor fellows havo been found alive, of whom one lias einoo died. Tho other two are within 50 yardi of the shaft, and as com'- fortablo as wo can make them. But they aro bad— too bad to como up m a buoket ; and we can rig upnothing bigger at present, so tlieretlioy aro fixed. The question is, will you go down to them?" . v Mr. Keogh's face fell, and he shook his head. Ho was no longer young, and to descend a slieor depth of 500 yards in a bucket dangling at the end of a makeshift rope was not in ilia line. " No, thank you," he said, "Ioould not do it." "Come, dootor,"tlio man persisted — he was tho manager of a neighboring colliery ' " you will be thero in no time." "Just eo," said the surgeon drily. " It is tho coming bnok is tlio rub. you see, Mr. Peat. No thank you, I could not." Tlio other still urged him. "Thoso poor felluws arc about as bad as they can bo, and you know if tbo mountain will not go to Mahomet, Mahomot must go to tlio mountain." "I know ; and if it wore a mountain, well nnd good," Air. Kcogii answered, smiling in siokly fashion as Ilia oyo strayed to a blaok well like holo closo at band— a nicro hole in somo loose plankB surmounted by a windlass and fringed with ugly wreckage. "But it is not. It is quite tlio other thing, yon see." Mr. Peat, the manager, shrugged liis shoulders, anil glanced at liis aoinpanions rather in sorrow t han surprise. Lindo, standing behind the doctor, saw tho look. Till then ho had stood silent. Now he pressed forward. " Did I hear yon say that ono of tlio injured men died after he was found ?" ho asked. "Yes, that is so," the monager answorod, looking keenly at him, and wondering who ho wos. ' ' "Tlio others that are hurt are — aro their lives in danger?" _ "I am afraid so," tlio man replied. " Then I have a right to bo with them," the reotor answered qtiiokly. "I am a ojcrgyman, and I liavo hastened horo. fearing this migbtbo tko case. But I have also attendod an ambulanco olass, aud I oan dress a burn. Besides, I am a younger man than our friend here, and if you will let hie down, I will go." "By George, sir!' exeiaimod the manager, looking round for approval and smiting bis thigh heavily, "you aro a man as well as a parson, and down you shall go, and thank you I You may make tho men moro- comfortable, and any way you will put heart -iutq them, for you havo soma to sparo yourself. As for dangor, thoro is none ! — Jaok 1" — this in a louder voice to somo oho in 'th'o background— " just twitch that rope! And got that tub up, will yon ? Look slippery now." Lindo felt ahnnd on bis arm, and, oboying tlio silent gesture of tlio lioarost gaunt figure, stepped aside. In a twinkling the man stripped off tlio parson's long ooat and put on him tbo pilot jacket from ills own shoulders ; the scuond man gavo Lindo a poaked cap of stiff leather in plnco of his soft hat ; and a third fastened a pit lamp round his neck, cxplainingfoliim how to raise tho -wiok witlibut uiilooking the lamp, anil also showing liim that, if it bung too mack on ono side or would upset, its flame would cxpiro of itsolf. And npun ono thing Lindo was never tiro.1 of dwelling afterwards— the kindly tact of thoso rough men, and how by seemingly casual words, and even touches, tho roughest sought to encourage him, whilo ignoring tlio possibility of his feeling alarm. . Mcanwhilo" Mr." Koogb, standing in a state of considerable perplexity, and discomfituro where the rector bad left liim, heard a well known voicoat his elbow, and turned to find that Gregg had arrived, . Thoyounger doctor was not tho man to be awed into, silence, and, as lie came up, was speaking loudly.: " Hallo, Mr. Koogh I" ho said. Heard yo'u-wero boforo mo. Havo you got thom all in hand? Cuts or burns mostly, eh?" " Tliey aro not above ground yot," Mr. ICeogh answorod. Ho and Gregg wero not on speaking terms, bat. such an emergoncy as this was allowed to override their estrangement. " Oh, then we shall havo to wait," Gregg an swered, looking round on tho seene with a mix ture of curiosity and professional aplomb. I wisli l had sparod my horso. Any other modioal man hero ?" " No ; and thoy want: ono of us to 'go down in tho buoket," Koogh explained. "Thero1. aro' soma: injured men at; the foot of the shaft.:;. I havo a wifo and children, and I thought that pcrhaji3 you — I " Would not ' mind breaking my neck !" Gregg retorted with dobisibn. "No; thankyon, not for mo 1 I liop'o t o h. wo a wifo and children somo day, and il will koop : my neck for them. Go down I"- ho? repeated,'- looking -round- -with extreme soorii; ('Poohi: No one can expect us to do it 1 It is these peoplo's businoss; and they are used to it ; hut thore is not a sano man in tho kingdom, bosides,. would go "down that place after what 1 has just: happened, i It is a quarter of oi mile as a stono falls, if it is an inoh !" : \- "It is oil that," asaonted tho- other; much reliovcd. ' "And a height makes. me giddy," Dr. Gregg added. - w -- . .::= " I feel the same now," said: his older. ; : " No ; every - man to his: trade,". Gregg con- aluded, settling the matter to his satisfaction. "Let them bring them tip; and we will doctor them. But whilo thoy are below ground Hallo 1'? - w'h.i. ' HiB last .word was an oath of, snrpriso and anger.: ! Happening to glance round, the driotor saw -Lindo coming forward -to tho -.-shaft; and:;-rooognisbdf< liim in spite of his disguisoi Ono look, and Grogg would cheerfully ; havo:- given ton > pounds either to liavo nau tbo reotor away; or to navo arrived a littlo later himself.-! Ho had reokonod already in his own mind. that, if iio outsider went down, he could scarcely be blamed for. taking care : of himself.1- But;- if- 'the restor - went down, tho matter would woar a different aspect. And Dr. Gregg saw this so oloarly 'tliat ho turned pale with rago and chagrin, and Bworo more loudly than beforo. v!" 'i.. : ClIAlTKIl XXI. — In PnOFUNDlB. Tho young clergy man's faco; as he walked forward- to tho shaft, formed no index to his miud, for, whilo it remained calm and oven woro a faint smile, lie was inwardly conscious of a strong desiro to take hold of anything which presented itself, even n straw. Ho stepped gravely into tlio tub, amid a low murmur, and olutohing the iron bar nbovo it, felt himself at a word of command lifted gently into the air, and swung over the shaft. For an unoomfortablo five seconds or so he remained stationary ; then there was a jerk— another— and the dark figures, the lines of faoos, and the glaro of the fires leapt suddenly nbovo his head. Ho found iiimsulf dropping through space with a swift, sickening motion, as of one falling away from himself. His heart roso into his throat. There was & loud buzzing in his ears, and yet abovo this he heard the dull rattling sound of the rope being paid oiib Every other sense was spent in the stem oiiitoh of his hands on tho bar abovo his head. In a few seconds the horrible sensation - of falling passod' away. ' He was ho' longer t in space with nothing stablo about him, but in a small tub at the end of a tongh rope. ' Except for a slight swaying motion, he hardly knew that lie was still descending ; nnd presently! a faint light, more diffused than liis own lamp, grew visiblo. Then he came gently to a stand still, and someone held up a lantern to his face. With difficulty he inadb out two huge figures standing besido him, who laid hold of his tub and pulled it towards them until it rested on something solid. " You are welcome, " growled one, as, aided by a hand of eaah, Lindo stepped out. "You will be tho doctor, I suppose, master ? Well, this way. Catch hold of my jacket;" : Lindo obeyed, being only too glad of the help thus given Uim ; for thougli tho. men seemed to move about with ense and certainty, ho could make out nothing but shapeless gloom. " Now you sit right down there," continued the collier, when tliey had moved a few yards, " and you will get the sight of your eyos in a bit." He did as ho was bid, and one by ono the objects about him became visible. His first feeling was ono of sstonisiiment. Ho had put a quarter of a mile of solid earth between himself and the sunlight, and yet, for all he oould soe, he might bo merely in a collar under a Btreot. He found himself seated on a rough benob, in a low roofed, windowloss, wooden cabin, strangely rosombling a vory dirty London offioo in a fog. True, everything was black — very blaok. On another benob, opposito him, sat tho two colliers who had received him, their lamps between their knees. His first impulse was to tell them hnrriodly that ho was not the doctor. "Iam afraid yon must be disappointed," ho added, "but I hope one will follow me down. I am a clergyman, and I want to do something far thoso poor follows, if you will take me to them." Tho two men betrayed no surprise, but he who had spokou beforo quietly poked up tho wick of liis lamp and held the lantern up so ns to got a good view of his faoe. "Ay,- ay," he said, nodding, as he lowered it again. "I thought you weren't unbeknown to me. You are tho parson we fetched to poor Lucas a whilo ego. Woll, Jim will liavo a rare cageful of hiB friends with him to-night." The rootor shuddered. Such apathy, buoIi matter of faetness, was now to him. But though his heart sank as the collier rose, and, swinging his lamp in Iiib hand, passed through tho door way, he made haste to follow him ; nnd the man's noxt words, " You had best look to your stops, mastor, for tlioro is a doal of rubbish como down "—pointing as tliey did to a material danger — brought him, in tho diversion of hts thoughts, something like relief. Tbo road oil which lie found himself, being tho main heading or highway of tlio pit, was a good wide one. It was even possiblo to stand upright in it. Here and there, howovcr, it was partially blocked by tails of coal caused by the ! explosion, and over ono of these ids guide put out his hand to assist him. Lindo's lamp was by this time burning low. The pitman silently took it and raised the wick, a grim sinilo dis torting liis face ns lie handed it. back. "You will bo about tlio first of tlio gentry," lie muttered, " as has been down this pit without paying his footing." Lindo took tlio words for a hint, and was shocked by tlio mail's insensibility. "My good fellow," be answered, " if that is all, you shall have what yon like anothor time. But for hoaven's sake let us think of these poor fellows now." . Tiie man turned on him and sworo furiously. "Do you thiuk I meant that?" ho cried, with another violent oath. - . The reotor recoiled, not at tho sound of tho mnn's profauity, but in disgust at his own mis- take. Then lie held out hishand, "Sly man," ho said, " I beg your pardon. It was I who was wrong." Tho giant looked at him with another stare, but made no answer, and a dozen step3 brought them to another cabin. Across tho door way— thoro was no door — hung a rough curtain of matting. This tlio man raised, and, holding liis lamp ovor tho threshold, invited tho rector to look in. "I guess," lie added significantly, "that yon would not have made that mistake, master, after Beoing this." Lindo peered in. On the floor, wliioh was little moro than b!x foot square, lay four quiet figures, motionless and covered with coareo sock- - ing.: No human oyo falling on them could liavo ; taken them for anything but what they were. The visitor shuddered, as bis guide lettlie cnr- tairi' fall again and mattered witli a backward ' jerk of. tho head, "Two of tlieni I came down with this morning — in tho cage." Tbo reotor had nothing to answer, and the ' man, preoeding him to a cabin a few yards fur ther on, invited him by a sign to enter, and -himsblf turnod bnok the way tiicy bad come. A faint moaning warned Lindo, before ho raised the matting, what ho must expect to sue. In- stinotivoly, as ho stepped in, his eyes - sought ' tho floor ; and although three pitmen crouching upon ono of tlio bonohes rose and made way for ' him, he hardly noticed them, so ocoupied was ho with pitiful looking at the two mon lying on coarse bods on the lloor. : 'Thoy wero bandaged nud muffled almost out of human form. Ono " of them was rolling bis sightless faco monoton ously to and fro, pouring out an: unceasing stream of delirious talk. Tlio other, whose > bright eyes mot the nowcoinor's with eager long- : ing, panso'd in'tho murmur which Boomed to ease his pain, and whispered, "Doctor 1" so hope- ; fully that the sound went straight to Lindo's ! heart. . .. To undecoivo liim,: and ; to explain to the i others that ho -was not' the' expected surgeon, : was a bitter task with which to begin his minis trations ; but he was greatly cheered to find'- that; oven ill thoir disappointment, tliey took his ooming as a kindly thing, and eyed liim with surprised gratitude. , Ho told thom the latest - news from the baiilc— -that a cago would be rigged up in a' few hours at furthest— and then, conquering his physical shrinking, lie knelt down by the least injured man aud triod to turn his surgical knowledgo to account. It was not : muoli ho could do, but it certainly eased tlio ' poor man's present sufferings. 1 A bandago was laid moro smoothly bore, a littlo cotton wool re adjusted there, a change of yiostnre mannged; a few hopeful words uttered which belpoil -tho : pntiont to fight against the shook— so that pre- sniitly' iio sank into a troubled sleep. Linda triod to do liis best for tlio other also, terrible as : was the task ; but the man's exoitement and unceasing: restlessness, as -well as his mors : serious injuries, made help " here of little -' avail. ' : : ' ' When ho rose, he found one, of the watohoro ' holding a oup of brandy leady for him; and, ' sitting down upon the bench behind, he dis covered a coat laid there to make the seat more comfortable, though no one seemed to have done it, or to bo censoious of his surprise. Thoy talked low to liim, and to one Another in a : disjointed taciturn' fashion, with immenso gaps nnd long intervals of silence. >Hc learned that - tlioro wore 27 men yet mieelng; but it ! was thought that tho . after damp hail killed tliem all. Those already found alive had been in the - main hooding,- where the current of air gave ; them a better ohanoe. " : One or other of tiie workers was continually goingout to listen for the return of ' the party : who were exploring the workings near tho foot - of tlio other shaft ; and onao or twice a member ; of this party, exhausted or ill, looked in: for a ; -dose of toa or brandy, and then - stumbled out again to get himself conveyed to the upper air. ' These looked ourionsly at tho strangor, but, oa somo information being muttered in their ears, - made a point on going out of giving liiin a nod which was full of taoit acknowledgment. In a quiet intorval he looked at liis watoh and wound it up, finding tho time to be 2.30. The " familiar action carried liis mind back to his neat : spotloss bedroom at . tlio reotory end the cares and anxieties of everyday life, ! whioli had beon forgotten for tho last fivo -hours. Could it be so short a time, he asked himself, since ho was troubled by thom ? It seemed years ago. It seemed as if a gulf, deep aa tho shaft - down wliioh he had come, divided him from thom. And yet the momeut his thoughts roturhed to thom tho gulf boenme less, and presently, although liis oyes wore still fixed upon the poor oolliei's unquiot head nnd the murky cabin witli its smoky lamp, ho was really back in Olaversbnm, busied with those thoughts again, and pondering an the time when lie should bo abovo ground. Tho things that had been important before roso into importance again, but their rotative valncs among themselves were altered, in his oyes at any rate. With what he had seen and heard ill tlio last few hours fresh ; in his mind, witli tlio injured men lying still in his sight — ono of thorn novor to soo the sun again — he could not but take a different, a wider, a less selfish view of life and its aims. His ideal of existcnco grow higher and purer, his , notion of success more noble. In the light of his own self forgotting onergy and of others' pain ho saw things aa thoy affected his neigh- jor ratlior than himself ; and so presently— not in haste, but slowly, in tho watches of the niglit — he formed a resolution which shall be told presently. The determinations to which men oome at such times aro, in nine cases out of ten, as transitory as tiie emotions on which tliey are based. But this time, nnd 'with this man, it was not to be so. Kate Bonamy 's words, bring ing before bis mind the responsibility wliich rested upon bim, bad in a degree prepared him to examine his position gravely and from a lofty standpoint; so that the considerations which - now assaueu mm couiu scni-coiy iau co nave uuu and lasting weight witli liiin, and to leave impressions both deop and pormanont. Iio was presently roused from liis reverie by a sound which caused his companions to rise to thoir feet with the first signs of excitement thoy had betrayed in their manner. It was the murmur of voices in tho heading, which, begin ning far away, rapidly approached and gathered strength. Going to tho door of the cabin, he saw lights in the gallery becoming eneli instant moro olear. Then the forms of men coming on by twos and threes rose out of tiie darkness. And so tho procession wound iu, and Lindo found himself suddenly surrounded — where a moment before no sounds but painful ones had. been heard — by tho hum and bustle, the quick . questions and answers, of a crowd. For tho men brought good news. Tho missing were found ; and though many of them were burned or scorched, and others woro suffering from the effects of tlio afterdamp, tlio explorers brought back witii tlicm no still, ominous burden, nor even any curo of hopeless injury, such as tliat of tho poor follow in delirium over whom liis mates . bont witli tlio strange impassive patience which seoms to be a quality peculiar to those who get their living underground. Not that Lindo at tlio time hail leisure to con- ! sidor their behavior. The injured were brought : to him ns a matter of oourso, and ho did what, lie could with simplo bandages and liniment to . keep the air from their wounds, and to enable i the men -to reach the surfaoo witli as littlo pain - as : possililo. For inoto than un hour,- as ho. . passed from one to the other, bis hnnUs. .were.; never empty ; he could think only of liia work. The deputy manager, who had been, leading tko rescue party, waa thoroughly prostrated. The reat never doubted that the stranger was a Burgeon, and it was curious to see their surprise wlien tho general taciturnity allowed the news to spread that he was only a parson. They wero like savants with a specimen which, known to belong to a particular species, has none of tho class attributes, and sets at defiance all precon ceived ideas upon the subject. He, too, when he was at length free to look about him, found matter for astonishment in his own sensations. The cabin and tho roadway outside, where the men sat patiently waiting their turns to ascend, had becomo almost homelike in his eyes. The lounging figures here thrown into relief by a score of lamps, there lo3t in the gloom of the background, had grown familiar. He know that this was here and that was there, and had his receptacles and conveniences, his special attendants and helpers. In a word, he had made the place hiB owu, yet without forgetting old habits— for more than onco he caught him self looking at his watch, and wondering when it would be day. .Towards 7 o'clock a message directed to him by name came down. A cage would be rigged up within the hour. Before that period elapsed, however, he was summoned to see tho poor fellow die who had been delirious ever since he was found, and who now passed away in the same state. It was a trying scene, coming just when the clergyman's wrought up nerves were beginning to feci a reaction — the more trying as all looked to him to do anything that could be done. Hut that was nothing; and he felt gravely thankful when the poor man's suffer ings were over and the throug of swarthy faces melted from the open doorway. He sat apart a little after that, until a com motion outside the cabin and a cbeery voice ask ing for Mr Lindo summoned him to the door, where be found the same manager who had sent him down the night before, and who now greeted him warmly. "It is not for me to thank you," Mr. Peat said — "I have nothing to do with tbu pit— tho owner, to whom what has happened will be reported, will do that; but personally I am obliged to you, Mr. Lindo, and I am sure the men arc." " I wanted only to be of help," the clergyman answered simply. "There was not much I could do." "Well, that is a matter of opinion," the manager roplied. "I have mine, and I know that tho men who have come up have theirs. However, here is the cage ; perhaps you will not mind going np with poor Edwards ? " " Not at all," said the rector ; and, following the manager to the cage, he stepped into it without any suspicion that this was a trick on the part of Mr. Feat to ensure his volunteer's services being recognised. He found tbe ascent a very different thing from tbe descent. Tbe steady upward motion was not unpleasant, and long before the surface was reached his eyes, accustomed to darkness, detected a pale gleam of light stealing down wards, and could distinguish the damp brick work gliding by. Presently the light grow stronger— grew dazzling iu its wonderful white ness. "We are going up nicely," his companion murmured, remembering in his gratitude that the ascent, which was a trifle to him even with shattered nerves, might be unpleasant to the other — " we are nearly there." Aud so they were ; aud slowly and gently they rose into the broad daylight and the sun shine, which seemed to proclaim to the rector's heart that sorrow in ay endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning. . Standing densely packed round the pit's month was a great crowd — a crowd, at any rate, of many hundreds. They greeted the appear ance of the cage with a quick drawing in of the breath and a murmur of pity. Lindo's face and bands were as black as any collier's ; his dress seemed at the fiiBt glance as theirs. But as he helped'to lift his injured companion out and carry him to the Btretcher which stood at hand, the word who he was ran round ; aud, though no one spoke, the loudest tribute could scarcely have been more eloquent than the respect with which the rough assemblage fell away to right and left that he might pass out to the trap which had been thoughtfully provided— first to carry him to the vicarage for n wash, and after wards to take him home. His heart was full as lie walked down the lane, every man standing uncovered, and the women gazing on him with uuspoken bleeaingB in their eyes. A very few hours before he bad felt at war with the world. He bad said, not perhaps that nil men wero liars, but that thoy were unjust, full of . prejudice aud narrowness and ill will; that, above all, thoy judged without charity. Now, as the pony cart rattled down the road through the outting, and tho sunny landscape, the winding river and the plain round Claver- sham opened beforo him, he felt far otherwise. He longed to do moro for others than ho bad done. Ho dwelt with wonder on the gratitude which services so slight had evoked from men so rough as those from whom be had just parted ; and unconsciously ho placed tho balance in their favor to the general .account of tho world, and acknowledged himself its debtor. ,. '4 ' ; EDLEEN VAUCHAN ; OR PATHS OF PERIL EY CABMEN SYLVA (Her Majesty the . Queen op Rouaiania), Author of The Witch's Citadel, Legends ,of . the . Carpathian's, Thoughts op a Queen, Roumanian Fairy Tales, Oct of Two "Worlds, Ac. : All Eights Reserved. ' Chapter XV.— (Continued). When Tomorali reappeared in the houses where alio was wont to work, bIic explained that sho had been summoned to a distant village to nnrso a Bick relative of hers, who had died in lier arms, and whose new born baby bIio bad brought home with hor. . "Why, how would she bring it up?" "Llewellyn has given me a goat." This was true. Vken she had to go away for hours sho would lay a bottlo of goat's milk beside the child to keep it from starving, and then would try to make up to tbe littlo ouo at night for tho day's privations. Sometimes sho was obliged to pass to and fro from her cottage twice a day to look after her child. But Llewellyn bad interested Edlocn iu her, and thus she was relieved in many ways, provided with food and drink, with linon and clothing. Mrs. Gwynne, too, sont Missy with presents and orders for work to assist Tcmornh in her charitablo enterprise. At tho vienrage sorrow bad not dried up tbe warm spring of neighborly love, and Edlcen was brimming with joy and gratitude because Llewellyn had sent Tom back to her a hotter man, full of good aspirations. In her happiness sho forgot that she had sold hor finest diamonds to clear him, that sho bad made an anxious and miserable man of tho contented Lewes. Kathleen heard of Temorah's pretonded nophow, and her hatred increased as sho saw Tom deprosscd and sad. He passed a good deal of his time at home now, wasted an immense quantity of ink and papor, indited numberless verses and letters to Gladys, only to burn them afterwards, nnd never looked at Kathlcon. But poor littlo Kathleen thought, witli n choking sensation at tsar throat, how she had sold all her small belongings, hor ornaments, even tho silk stockings she used to be so fond ol, for grace less Tom's sake ; how she had gone without all the pretty trifles, the ribbons, and sashes and gloves she liked to deck herself with, only to keep Tom out of prison. And this was her reward ! "Winnie and Minnie suffered a good deal from her at this time, and as they knew of no excuse for her bad temper, they began to play hor all sorts of tricks by way of revenge. Tom was zealous in abetting them. "Now we'll make her furious !" they would Bay, and when tears of hot anger and bitter indignation quivered on her long laslics, her tormentors would burst out laughing, and no punishment could break them off ibis ugly game. It was a new pastime Tom had invented to clicer the terrible monotony of the so called respectable life he was now leading. The little girls had never been so nanglity ; Tom seemed to detect and develop every evil quality they possessed. Yaughan was surprised at the continual com plaints. Hitherto his little ones had always given him pleasure. Now he was often called upon to punish, to banish them from his pre sence. He felt this deeply, for their bird like chatter had been his sole distraction of late. Tom was fiendishly pleased to take such a subtle revenge on his step-father, and to torment Kathleen and his spoilt littlo sisters at the same time. Every day he invented some new trick, aud he was so clever at getting out of scrapes ' by means of ready falsehoods that angelic Minnie was tempted to try a litto fib herself oue day. But then Yaughan lectured his children with such passionate eloquence, punished them so severely, and looked so bitterly grieved, that the littlo ones vowed thoy would never tell a story again as long as they lived. Thoy saw that their father had grown quite thin nnd wrinkled, when he took them to his heai t again after a week of stem displeasure. Their only consolation had boon Maggie, whoso dismissal they had effectually opposed with floods of tears. They hardly saw Kathleen now. She had no thought of them. She roamed about the country in tho restless ness of her heart, planning all sorts of terrible revenge upon Tom. Sho longed to strangle him, to stab him, to see him in the goal from which she had saved him with such infinite pains. Love and hatred struggled so fiercely in her besrt, that the poor child knew not where to turn in hor indecision and despair. She thought Tomorali tho cause of all her misery, and lay awake through many a night, busy with schemes of retribution. By and bye the Yaughan family went up to London for tho season. Tom poured his ink out of window, presented his paper to his sisters, and was soon immersed in a whirl of pleasures after his own taste. The little ones had musters, and Kathleen lived in a waking dream. Vnughansaw very well that her teaching counted no longer. Edlscu shone in her shnm ornaments ; she was obliged to open and fill hor drawing room9, to return visits, to show herself at balls and theatres. Yaughan exacted this from his beautiful wife ; be was proud ot tho homage she received wherever she went, and at which her lacerated spirit winced. "I fear," said Yaughan one dny, "we shall have to dismiss the coachman, in spite of his good references." "That's a pity," rejoined Edleen, listlessly. "I hnvo never been driven so well as within the last six weeks." " Ah, but tho servants notice continual thefts of linen, silver, harness and whips, and theroare some strong grounds of suspicion against him." " Well, then wo will dismiss him ; only make no row, Harry," said his wife .wearily, turning her delicate face towards him. "I wonder whether you have remarked tho disreputable looking people that surround the carriage, sinco the new coachman has entered our service. " "I have indcod remarked and even been frightened at them ; but the coachman looks so respectable with his fine whiskers. He powders his hair cleverly, and there is somothing genteel in bis bearing." " The whiskers may be false, Edleen, and the references bought of another. Who knows who is hiding with us?" As lie spoke, Edleen felt a shock which made her heart stand stilL She looked at lier husband. No, ho had spoken without .any hidden meaning. She sent for Lewes. " Lowes !" sho gasped, with quivering voice and burning eyes. ' ' Lewes ! the new coachman who is to be dismissed to-day because lio steals is Tom !" Sho almost screamed the words. Lowos turned palo and grasped a chair to steady himself. Lewes ! Here, take this big diadem ! and those pearls ! and save my child ! Lewes— Lewes what am I to do ? I feel very ill, Lowes ; I shall leave London at once, for I have terrible pains in my chest, and I will not consult anyone but Msrtyn ; I do not want another physician. I can no longer cat for pains. I have dragged myself to balls and dinner parties these two months to bo near and to protect Tom. And this is how I protect him, Lewes ; I would I wore dead !" "I would I wero dead," echoed Lowes in his heart. Yaughan had lately overwhelmed him with marks of confidence. He was now to roap the fruits of years of faithful service. Ho felt as if burning coals wero being heaped on his head. His lips and tongue were continually parched, his hand and feet icy cold, and ho avoided his old friend Owen like his conscience. Howovor, ho sent for Tom, tho pretended coachman, and told him that he was under Etrong suspicion of dishonest-, and would bo delivered over to justice without delay. Thereupon Tom dropped his assumed charac ter, and entreated Lewes to shield and pity him, calling himself a wretch unworthy to live, and crouching at tho feet of tho head clerk, who tried to drown his indignation nnd disgust in his wild, unbounded love for Edleen. He kept tho culprit confined in his own room till the most pressing debts wero paid ; but ho could not help treating him with such contempt that Tom vowed ho would bo revenged upon him us upon tho rest of them. " Patience !" thought he. "You shall grow wretched in your turn, till you learn courtesy to the destitute nnd humility to the fallen 1" Edleen breathed more freely when she knew Tom was in Lewes's keeping, and left the city without seeing her son. Immediately on his arrival in Wales, Yaughan visitod Gwynne, nnd was deeply grieved at tho chango which had come over him. But by and bye his friend's gentleness gave him courago to men tion the request he had come to make : That Mrs. Gwynno nnd Missy would iako clinrgo of his two little daughters. "They are the light of my eyes," ho said, with quivering lips ; " but my wife is so ill, and things have come to such a pass at my liouso that I feol very anxious about tho children. Kathleen is hardly ndequato to the task of nurs ing my wife. I think my request a monstrous one. But I am in great distress." He broke off, and softly tapped the ground with his boot, trying to regain his solf possosstoD. "A friend in noed is a friend indoed," Bay tho English. Vaughan's request was kindly granted ; Missy patiently acocpted this now task ; Gladys was pleased to liavo Tom's sistors with her; Morgan thought tho ahildren would provo nn attraction to Kathleen j and Mrs. Gwynno seerotly romemborcd Una's propheoy, and won dered tremblingly, whether all she had said would como true. She had cause to tremble, for Gwynne's asthmatic attacks wero growing worso and moro frequent. Ho could bear nothing but a loose kerchief about his throat now, nnd ofton complained of his hands nnd feet being swol len. Martyn was called in so frequently that he decided to settle in the place altogether; ho bought n pretty cottage, and was soon ia such request that he had little rest by day or night— n good thing for him certainly, as his heart was heavy. He had little hope of saving the Vicar, and had been much distressed to detect an in curable disease in Edlcen, which heavy sorrow had engendered and was daily developing. Ho mode it his most secret task to mitigate the suf ferings of these two patients of his. Gladys still treated him with great coldness, though with respect and frequent recognition of his devotion. Sho could not forgive him ; and Una's bequest caused them to shrink the more shyly from each other, as neither would seem to remember her words. Martyn bad one particular favorite in tho place — T'omornh's little boy — a charming, merry littlo fellow, who would try to Etand on his sturdy little legs, nnd stretch his arms out to hip whenever he appeared. Tcmorah had beea ill and obliged to consnlt him, and ho had cured nnd comforted her so kindly, even whilo he guessed her secret, that she had almost shaken olf her morbid fear of her fellow creatures and ! takenheart again. The new inmates of the vicarage cried so bit terly at first, that their kind friends felt quite anxious about them. Minnie kept pressing her little hand upon her heart and sobbing as if in pain. They asked her whether she missed her mother, or Kathleen, or her father, or Prinnie ?" "No, no, no," sobbed the child, "my heart's so sore 1" And Winnie put her nrms round her little sister and oricd quietly upon her shoulder. At last, Morgan dtcw the two children into his arms. "Tell me quite softly what makes you so miserable." ' " Maggie ?" sobbed the youngest. " Maggie ! I can't do without MBggio 1" - " Maggio's the only person that lovo us," said Winnie. "Maggie, poor Maggie. My heart's so sore, ever so sore. She can't do without us either. Moggie's sure to die without us 1" Morgan immediately drove over to Mr. Vaughan's, and when ho drew up beforo the vicarage an hour later and Maggie fiew into the children's arms, they were so nappy that Mrs. Gwynne began to understand how wretched they must havo been at home, and how much cause of anxiety Vaugban had had with regard to their puro littlo souls. Morgan was pained to remark that they spoke no word and slied no tear with reference to Kathleen, and were rather frightened than pleased whenever sho mndo her appearance. He thought Winnie grown remark ably clever, and marvelled at her great talent, her sweet singing. Llewellyn was persuaded to stay all summer at the vicarage, where ho cheered the vicar, tanght tbe ohildrcn, and com forted Mrs. Gwynne ; tho quiet sadness : whioh pervaded tho house nevor diminished tho charm of his presence. The numerous ohildrcn, too, kept the hearth lively, and Vaughau eaino often to soothe his sorrowful heart. When Gwynne, Llewellyn, Yaughan, Martyn and Morgan convorsed together, Gladys would listen like a llowor turning towards the sun. Hor soul unclosed, and took in tho great thoughts which stirred these men. As to her lovo, she bore it silently and patiently, heavy though it seemed, and when her heart threat ened to grow unruly and rebellions, she would go to Una's grave and pray till sue was calm again. Chapter XVI.—' Witchcraft. " Are you fond of Llowellyu, Missy ? queried Winnie. "Very fond." " Ah, I'm glad of that ! I'm so fond of liim myself, I'd have been very sorry if you hadn't cared for him!; Daisy loves him, and so do Freddy nnd Lizzio and the other children." "Because lie is a good, good man." "But God will not take him from us, will Ho?" "I hope not, my. child." Freddy says God takes all good peoplo to Heaven, and that's why He's, going to take his father." " Ab, I hope he will not take him yot !" "Nay, but Missy, ho suffers so much.", "True, he suffers." " Please, what's the meaning of a glovo ?". "A glove, child?" " Yes, what does one mean when one gives somebody a glovo !" . "The knights .used to throw down their gloves to show thoy meant to fight someone ??' " Oli, yes, I've known that a long time. - But between women ?" : . , "I think- 1 do not understand; your question; Winnie." , "Well, I didn't ''"understand what I saw myself, Missy." ; , " What did you sco ?" "I saw Kathleen standing on the bridge wliero DniBy has that- hint's nest in ; the old willow, you know, Missy. There are little birds in it. But they're not nt all pretty." . "Little birds never are." , . "Oh yes, ohickens are; chickens are very pretty as soon as ever they creep out of their eggs ; do you remember, Missy, how that one ran about with tho shell on its uaok?" " Yes, I remember. And what was Kathleen doing on tho bridge ?" . j...'.;..-- "Nothing. Sho never, does anything, you know." " Is it nice and kind of you to say that ?" "No; hut it's true." "Do you kuow why she-docs not occupy her self?" "No." - , ; "Have you asked lier whether slio feels sad ?" " Of courso sho feols sad." "Wliyso?" " Because Tom doesn't care for her any more; and doesn't want to marry her." " How do you know that?" " I asked him, and he said, 1 1 wouldn't take her on any account; we'ro both as poor as rats.'" . "And you repeated that to Kathleen ?'? "Oh, slio had been sad before. She was always crying." ... t "So sho was crying as she stood on , that bridge ?" .. "No, not just then. As she stood thoro Tomorah came up to her ; you know Toraorah?" " I do, very welL" "Tomorah took a glovo from her pooket and showed it to Kathleen, and Kathleen turned very pale. I saw hor." " Perhaps it was only your fanoy." "I'm not like Tom; I'm liko my father. Tom had another father; ho isn't my brother really." "Nay, child, you have one mother." " Hum !" muttered the ohild, curving her lips. "And the glove? "Tomorah said to her: 'I wish to return your property, and to thank you for adorning my mother's grave.' You should havo seen Kathleen's face, Missy; it was quite, quite white." "You see, my ohild, that we two oannot understand what those girls said to caoh other." "Ah, but listen!" ' ' Is there moro to hear ?" " Do you think it nice to throw things in pcoplo's faces ?" "No, ohild; who would bo so rude 1" "Kathleen She threw that glovo in Temorah's face. And then Tcmorah took hold of her wrist till sho screamed and writhed with pain. Temorah had turned white too, and gnashed lier teeth, and said : 1 If you over expose mo to public shamo again, as you did that day, I'll kill you I' And Kathleen writhed and moaned : 'I've done you no harm ! You've robbed mo of everything, everything, evoiy- thingl' And Tcmorah said: 'Take it back; I don't want it nny moro !' and laughed nloud ; but so st rangely, Missy. Ha, ha, ha, ha ! Her eyes didn't laugh, nor did hcrlip3;and Kathleen was frightened. For Temorah's oyes flashed, and Tcmorah is so big and strong. They late each other, those two." " What can a little ohild lika you know about hating ?" " Why, Tom hates my father, and Temorah hates Kathleen, and 'my mother hates Owen — " "Hush, child! You must never use that horrible word again. Did you ever hear it with us?" "No. But that's different." "Why?" "At a clergyman's house 1" "I fancy all human creatures should livo at peace with ouo another. - ; ."Missy ! "Wo never said a word when Tom burnt our doll, though wo might have got him into trouble by telling papa ; but mamma is fondofTom." . "Well, that was good of you.?' Missy was glad to drop the delicate subject with a hasty word of commendation, and to send the children out to tho meadow. Us play. Sho mused long and deeply on what sho had heard, but breathed no word of it to anyone. She thought it might prove a means by:ond bye of curing Gladys. For sho guessed at once ; that Tom was at the bottom of the qnrrel, and only felt relieved that his name hod not been men tioned in the child's hoaring. After tho sccno witucssod by Winnio, Kath leen had left tbe bridge and turned into a forest track which led lier by a green, oopperish lake to Ulla tho witch's dwelling. She repeatedly lost hor way, for she hardly knew tho right direction, and her hot eyes were dim. Sho wanted to revengo herself — and to ruin Tcmorah. Of late, Tom's coldness -towards herself hnd increased. , Ho passed most of his time nt home now, or at Martyn's. His mother had lain on her knees before him, and once more stirred his better instincts, so that , he tried to work. As to Martyn, Tom only visited him in tho hope that lio would influenco Gwynne in his favor, when ho should attempt to win Gladys. And Martyn bore his presence like an invalid's. Ho pitied tho unhappy mother profoundly,' and had told Tom that ho might shorten or prolong her days as he listed. But when one endeavors to soften a bad man's heart, one doos not consider that he will cm- ploy one's well meant words in an ovil way and use them as new tools to do how harm with; ' Kathleen began to feel uneasy as the sunset and the shades of night sank down upon the valleys, whore lines of lightly rising vapor marked the coarse of tho river.' But sue would not turn back after coining so far, and was also afraid of losing her way altogether in tbe forest wilderness. Presently a faint glimmer of light apprised her that she had reached the witch's cavern, and she entered it with timid, noiseless steps. She saw nothing at first but a small fire end something dnrk crouching . on the ground. But by and .by sho distinguished the shadowy form of a woman and a-torriblo face illumined by a bluish, flickering flame. Sho would have fled then, had not a dec;), melodious voice ad dressed hor.; ; " Whither wilt thou fly so fast, maiden, when thy heart ha3 led thee hither ; thy poor fright- oned littlo heart, which flutters in thy breast liko a bird ?" "They say, mother, thou oanst read and dis close the present and tho future." " Ay, my child, at time3, a little, when tho Great Spirit is willing that I should. Somotimcs lie will not reveal his secrets to me. \ But who knows how much ho may do for the sake of beauty suoh as tbino ?" "I nm not beautiful; I' am no blessing to others,' and a burden to myself. I wish you would tell me that I shall die very soon."- "Die, because thy lover has turned from thee ? Die, beeauso thy heart is not satisfied? Die whilo. the sun shines, while , thou art young as day, fair as sin, charming as a doe, with eyes like deep lakes and lashes' like clustering heather? '. ; : ' > "Of what use is it air to' me, mother, when I am so unhappy?" "Hastily young faloon soared so far from thee?" . . ' ' "He never looks at ino now." : '.'Havo others snarod him?" " How do you know that, mother?" " I know every thing under the sun, and tho moon,' everything that stirs in the human brain.' I also know that thou wouldst bo; avenged.', "I? Avenged? I would indeed 1 "But vongeanco Is no easy shaft to wield ; It often rebounds, wounding him , that throw it, and I would net sco so sweet a maiden hurt. Thou art beautiful, maiden. Why did he forsako thee?" . ' ' ; "Ido not know ; I only saw tliom together ; I heard lier say : ' Como ! come to my cottago 1' and the pain all but killed mu." ; "Was she, who thus robbed thco, wife or maid?" "A maiden, fair and beautiful ; ah. so beauti ful, 'so tall— muoh lovelior than I am 1" "Thou shouldst immediately have taken earth from a spot where two dogs had fought and thrown it on her foot marks ; then he would not have given her another thought." And ho is not ashamed of his untruth. He tells me sho is moro beautiful than I." ' " How cruel 1 And thou thirstest lor revenue, my beautiful child ?" "Yea, but I fear it too." "Well, we will choose suoh a mode of revenge as shall destroy thy rival and bring him hack to thee. He shall love thee so passionately, that he shall tremhlowhon he but beholds thee; that thou ahalt have it in thy power to tor ment nnd madden and play with him. Will that delight thee?" "It would indeed. Then I should be revenged on him ns woll," " Ho shall rush after tbeo like a mountain torrent, erouoh beforo thee liko a scrpont, hover round tlieo like an englo, and thou shall laugh at his torturo." "Yos, mother, yes 1 — help mo to this 1" \- "Is he young and handsomo?" "Very handsomo, very young, and very wild." "Has ho father nnd mother?" "Yes and no; his father is dead, if you must know that." "Ay, ay, I know; he has a stepfather, has not he?" " How do you know ?" "I know everything, my child. And so thou givo me time, I will toll thoe the initial of thy rival's name. Is it not a T ?" "Yes, it is a T." . "Thou Beest that naught is concealed from me." "How do you come to know so much!" ohild. ,,know more- 1 k-rr9 1 "a child !— his child !— hit child i ai 9 understand what has estranged ' him 9 m ''KThoims '"ZaT"1 ""nocent."00 "Nay, my boauty, ho can come hack all the same, especially if tho child be." u sews to " How shall it cease to bo?" " 1 havo raised tho ghost of the dea.l m n the mother of tho girlT., you know T » ' bo';Yes, yes, I know ; did she 'coino ft0B wanriVcindfcMfdT"hol,: "She wailed ?" Kathleen trembled fmm i. , tojoot; the witch stole a lingering A"d 'What shall become of Ihr ohild ?'— ' Reed- grass and weeds !'— ' Ami if7 ohiid's child?' — 'Ashes, ashes!'— So snake ir motlior of the girl T. and wailod bitterly it thou wouldst hear her to-night, I'll call h/r inl" thysoU question her "No, no, for Heaven's sake do not call do not call hor ! I should die for terror"' ' what caU3e haat tho» to fear tlia mother?" "" "I-I— have cut— have cut his name into her oross— to punish her daughter — " ". Aud his name bogtua with T. ?" " How do you know?" " Tho dead woman told me. She felt it all Each out of thine was a cat into her heart ani her daughter has had no peace from that day. ' ' How can you know ?" ' "I went to see her, ohild." . "Tho daughter?" "Yes. My mirror had shown me thai sho was m distress, and I went to offer her aid. But she would not accept it." "Sho would not ? "Why not 1 " " Sho thought to bind him whose name bcgioi with T. the more closely to herself." "I see." " She shall find herself mistaken, lie shall hnto and discard her. Hast thou never cone ia look upon his child? "Never." : "No? That surprises me." ""Why?" ,"„'Tis a strange feeling, after all. His child I Docs it not thrill thco horo ? " Sho had stretched herself to lior full height and laid her bony hand upon Kathleen's heart. "Does the thought, his child/ not quiver nnd burn in there? If ever thou seest that child, tbou wilt long to scorch it with thy glances, to kiss it dead. Doest thou not feel that, awcet one, in thy passionate, burning heart?" Kathleen's cheeks woro hot. Ulla did not take her eyes off her for a single moment. " Do not spunk like that. I shall go mad," murmured the young girl. " I see a great passion within tliee. Thon art a noble creature, aud thy blood courses through tby veins liko nowwino. Twos cruel to torment me thus. He knew not what he did, what the woman was with whom he trifled, what burning thoughts were raging behind lier fair young brow. Ho meant to tease thee like a kitten, and did not see the tiger in thy nature, tho vougt- fully crouching tiger that would leap upon and destroy him." " I would not destroy him. I havo saved him many n time." "And this is his gratitude. Shall I curio him ?" "Oli, no, no, no! — do not! Ourse but tho other woman, nnd tho ohild, and whatever ho loves besides mo !" (To bo continuod.) 