OUR GHOST. STORY OF A NIGHT ADVEN- , TURF. "A Gno3T'!"/'!Wlie\v" rTfiafc's likely !" "So I say.' ' . . " Who's seen it ?" . " "Farmer Cooper's, Jack, for one.'' ' "Jack ! Scared him most out of his' wits, I reckon 1" . ' . ' " He says so.'' " Does ! . Hi, that's a good one, Sam 1 Ha, ha 1 Ben White just wishes lie'd been there to see him run 1" s "He didn't run," Ben." "Didn't run !" "He says he. fell flat upon his face, not. daring to move," continued Sam Kugglos. " Humph ' ' '. "And that he lay on the ground until he was nearly stiff with cold.'' "And then 'what did he do 1" scepti cally. " Got up and went home, I suppose., I ' didn't ask him. I was thinking, Ben, that you and I might trap this ghost." ' ... " How ?" eagerly. " I'm the man for ghosts, old boy." Sain looked first over one shoulder, then over , tlie other, before he replied. " I don't want anyone to hear us," he explained, as he proceeded to divulge tlie scheme he" had matured. " How is that he added. " Capital ! ' It'll trap him sure !" " To-night," then," said Sam. "At Hihdhope farm, at 10. I'll be there'.' What time does he walk ?" "Jack saw him just before day light." . ; . ' "All right. . Poor old fellow," laughing joyfully, " lie's taken his last walk !" "Asa ghost," added Sam. " ' As a ghost !' "We'll be on time ; and, I say, stuff your pockets, Sam. We'll be precious hungry before, daylight does appear." . . " All right. .. I'll remember." Early hours prevailed in the village of Buckton. . By 9 o'clock there were TOW ll frlifo tn lies ooun in f bo eon bf onorl houses; by 10 o'clock there weie none. The night was clear and frosty, and a keen wind blew from the north, as Sam, 'his stockings and boots tucked under his arm, crept down the dark stairs and out at the kitchen door. He drew a long breath as he softly closed it, and sat down upon the broad stone- step and drew on his boots and stock ings. "It's confoundedly cold," he muttered, looking up at the stars, " and if that ghost's got common sense he won't walk much to-night." Ben White, leaning over tlie fence of his father's cornfield awaiting Sam, and impatiently stamping his feet upon the cold, frozen snow, held the same views. " Hillo !" he called, in a shrill, far- reaching whisper, . as he saw Sam approaching, "that you, Sam? Stinger of a night, isn't it? We'll trap no ghosts to-night, old boy !" "Maybe not," said Sam, "but he may "be all the bolder for it." " True enough, old boy i" Almost in silence the two lads sped over the deserted highway until they reached a spot known as The Forks, where three roads met. Pausing here they held a hasty consultation. "If we go together," said Sam, " lio'll maybe see us, but if you can manage to get round by the back of the church, stealing along by the fence, I'll take tlie hill." . " All right. I'll risk his seeing me. But the hill's a glare of ice, Sam." " So much the better for us. Now, then, if you're ready Nve'll start." Turing aside from the main road the boys separated at the foot of a long, straight hill, on the summit of which stood the square, steep-roofed meeting- house. . It was no easy task to crawl up the long, icy hill; as - Sam soon found, but he was a lad. of resolute will, and though he. slipped back a score of times .he somehow managed to reach the summit at the same moment that Ben, holding on to the rails of the rough fence that surrounded the church, appeared in sight. Ben gave a low ' and quickly-sup- pressed laugh, as, panting and excited, they met on the church steps. " I don't know what sort of an animal you looked like," he said. ' " I know how my hands and knees feel;' rejoined Sam. "There isn't a square inch of skin on them." " I had a touch- iind-you-go tumble myself,'' laughed" Ben. " Hush ! he'll hear us." " Our ghott !" tragically. "But I say, Sam, we'll soon freeze out here." "I've changed my plan," said Sam. " Weil go inside ; let him go out for a stroll if lie wants to, and then nab him when lie returns." " That's better,", approvingly. "Yes;- it's too 'cold to wait outside. Now then, Ben, he hasn't looked this | door, so if you've got your breath we'll slip in. Softly ! I'll hold the door till you're in." " Done !" in a hoarse whisper. " Done ! " echoed Sam, closing the heavy door cautiously. " What next ? " asked Ben. "An hour's waiting, and maybe three or four.'' " Whew 1 S'pose he's in. the loft ? I'm going up, Sam." " Oft' with your boots then." The boys stood in a small square entry, from which a flight of steep, winding stairs led to a gallery, or loft, as it was most .frequently named, which held a number of square, boxed-in pews, which we're, however, seldom used by the congregation. Up these stairs Ben, divested of liis heavy boots, now softly crept. " If I see or hear anybody or anything, man or ghost, I'll como down quick," he said, in a whisper, " and mind you shout if he springs out on. you." , , The moments seemed hours to the waiting sentry. He held the latch of the door that opened into the meeting house and pressed his weight against it, and listened if anythingwas stirring YvlUllllI A1C avlV II11UQOU 9ill> CLlllgj UlllU his' face and hands tingled with cold. Still he stood, erect and motionless, by the closed door. At last he . heard Ben's. voice calling to him in a whisper, so hoarse and excited that it sent the blood suddenly leaping through his veins. " " Come !" he called, " don't waste a .second," . _ "What's up?" groping his way" to the stairs. " Wait a second till I get off my boots." ' " Keep 'em . on, and fetch mine along," directed Ben, " but mihd you step light " " What's up ?'' " The Gho.t ! " sopulchrally. Sam bounded up the stairs as rapidly as heavy boots and darkness would permit. " Where ? " as he reached tlie top. " Where? " " Sh ! Sh ! He's in there— asleep — on one of tlie pews. Easy, Sam ! He'll wake up if we're not careful. Here, sit down here, give me your hand — no, we'll go inside where it's warm." " Warm ? " questioned Sam. "What makes it warm ? " " Tlie ghost has made a fire ! " was the astounding reply. " Whew ! Rather a cool sort of chap, isn't he ? " " Rather, I guess !" ' ; " How did you find him ?" " Heard his loud breathing as quick as I got up here, and so, knowing he must be asleep, I stepped inside, tip toed round till I found him, "and then came back for you, old fellow. And now what will we do with him ?" Sam was silent for a fesv . minutes ; then he said, " I reckon we'd better do as we planned. He'll wake up pretty soon, it's likely, ancl go out for his prowl, aud we'll nab him when he comes back." " All right," said Ben. "Now then we'll go in and have a bite of bread, for I'm hungry." , "We must hide somewhere.. He may have a lantern." "There are some boxes at the other end. If .we don't tip 'em over we can hide behind them." "We should tip 'em over No, we'll get into the first pew we come to, and crawl under the seat. Ho won't look there if we're quiet." u All ricrhk TCnfc T Rn.v Sn.m wa O — — - — J -"1 "v ought to have brought a lantern," " I have three candles in my pocket. We can light them while he's out." " And see what sort of a fellow a ghost really is," laughed Ben. . "Sh! Sh!" " He won't hear. He's blowing too. loud a trumpet! Still, I will not speak again." Moving slowly and cautiously the boys entered the loft and groped their way to a pew; then, stowing them selves side by side under the high seat, they lay there munchingj and awaiting the movements of the unseen sleeper. . He slept long and heavily, but at last Sam's vigilance was rewarded. Ho heard just a restless movement, then a groan, and then an exclamation. Listening still more attentively, he. discovered that this unknown inmate of the meeting-house had arisen and was striking a match. In his excite ment he punched Ben, receiving a vigorous thrust in return. Both boys- were brave and adventurous, yet both hearts beat faster as the possibility of discovery immediately confronted them. Presently a feeble light shone, and the boys heard the feeble click of a lantern-slide. " Now we're caught 1" thought Ben. " He'll see us, sure as the daylight 1" thought Sam. Moving neither hand nor foot, scarcely daring to. breathe, yet staring through' the gloom with wide-open eyes, the boys waited the next move ment of their adversary. Presently a slow, shuffling step was heard — it drew nearer, nearer — and, looking neither to the right nor left, they saw the figure of an old and bent man. He passed them with a feeble, uncertain gait, opened the door, and went down the stairs. " Did you see him ?" whispered Ben. " Let's follow him." " Sh ! He'll hear us ! Listen, Ben, and see if he goes out doors." " He's a great ghost," muttered Ben. " He's 100 years old. A great ghost. I wonder who he is, Sam ?" "Listen, .listen ! Wasn't that the door ? Slip over to the window, Ben, and see if you can see him." "Yes," reported Ben, after a few moments, "he's creeping alofig the fence. Precious slippery he'll find it. ! Where can he bo going 'this time o' night ? After hen roosts, I'll war rant." Sam, meanwhile, .was lighting one of his candles. " Come," he said, shield ing it with one hand, " we'll look round a bit and see what that man is hiding here for. Maybe he's a burglar. Perhaps, he has keys and files and things here. Maybe he's just gone out to prowl round and see which house: he'll 'break into, or what barn he'llfire." ' : Ben shook his head. " I guess you're on the wrong scent, Sam. You. couldn't have seen the man's face as plainly as I saw it. He's too old. He's a hundred, Sam, if he's a day. He ain't spry enough to bo creeping in windows. He'd get caught too quick." "Well," after a moment's reflection, " he's hiding here, Ben." " Plain as the nose on my face." " So my idea is' to hunt around a bit, and then go down and wait by the door till he returns." " And then nab him ?" " If he comes alone. We'll stand behind the door till he gets inside, slip softly along and lock it — you can take the key, Ben — and then grab him both at once, and ask him what he's here for. " "Agreed. But I say, are we going to stay here till daylight and hold him ? We'll be just about frozen, I reckon." "I brought a coil of fope," said Sara. " We can tie his hands and feet while we go for your folks or mine.'' " That's right. That's first-rate." acuiuu ui uve or ten. minutes re vealed neither burglars' tools, clothing, nor- food. In the pew nearest tlie stove-pipe there was a heap of cushions, faded and long since discarded, which had evidently served as a bed, Hilt there was no other trace of the man who had 'selected this lonely and re tired meeting-house as his hiding, place, . . - It beats me ! I give it up 1" ex claimed Ben. " Who can he be?" replied Sam, knitting his forehead in .perplexity. " I'd like to know what he finds to eat," said Ben. "I'd be precious hungry if I had to stay here all day." " Well, we shall find out, perhaps, when we get him. We had better go down now, Ben. ' He may come back right away." But the boys had time to grow cold and restless and impatient as the mo ments lengthened into hours. " May be he has gone for good," suggested Ben, at length. " Let's go home." " No," . said Sam, " we must wait Until daylight; it was just before day light when Jack saw him. We must wait, Ben." " All right, if we don't freeze stiff." " Sh ! Sh ! I hear footsteps 1 He is coming ! Listen, Ben," in a whisper, "we'll letliihi getinand light hislantern then you look the door. I'll have my rope handy, and when he starts to go upstairs we spring upon him." "All right. Hold on like fun. Don't let him have his hands free. Catch his arms and grip tight." With the last word the door was flung open, some one staggered in, cast something upon the floor, stepped back, sighing wearily, and closed the door. Another long, deep sigh, and then the boys heard him strike a match. By its clim light Ben slipped along, locked the door softly and put the key in his pocket. Softly as he turned the key the new comer heard the faint click, and, lan tern' in hand, turned around. With a low cry : he stood erect as the boys sprang forward and grasped his arms. " Lot me alone i Let me alone ! I'm not doin' nobody no harm. Let me alone !" he cried. hftlrl him firmlv wif.lt nna 1mm/) while with the other he wrested the lantern from his weak, trembling fingers, and put it upon the stairs, while Sam, who for the first time saw him clearly, felt a throb of pity for him and loosened his grasp. "Let me go ! Let me go!" con tinued the captive. " Just let me go l" Sam loooked at the tall, bent figure, the thin, haggard face, the appealing eyes, in which there was, he fancied, the unspoken dread' of the hunted animal brought to bay. "'Who are you?" he asked gently, and what are you doing here ?" " Speak up J" said Ben. " What are you hiding here for? Speak up !" There was no answer. Instead there came into the man's face a look of resolute determination. Sam saw it, and waited. But Ben, who was becoming impatient, said sharply — "Speak up, I say !" Still there was no answer. The boys exchanged glances. It was a strange position in which they found themselves. They had come hither expecting to find, if they, found any one, some one as strong and active as themselves, who would make a hard and desperate resistance. Instead, an old and feeble man was their captive. What should they do ? their eyes asked. Suddenly the man gasped for breath and closed his eyes. " Help him to sit down on the stairs," directed Sam. " He's tired." " Hungry, too," said Ben, as he half led, half dragged him to the stairs. He gasped again, and leaned wearily against the wall. " Come," whispered Ben, " he's no ghost ! We may as well go home, if he won't open his mouth. Let him stay here if he likes. Who cares ? He'll starve himself into a ghost, un less he steals his food when he's out." ' . " I'm no thief !" cried the man ex citedly ; " I Haven't took a thing 'cept that lantern an' them matches, an' I were goin' to leave the pay for .them. I. haven't took a thing! I haven't stole no food ! I haven't had no food for nigh a week." " What made you go out if you didn't go for food?" exclaimed Ben. The man pointed the to armful of broken twigs and dead boughs he had tlirown upon the floor. Then he closed his eyes again, leaning back in his former position." " We would like to know who you are, and why you are here," said Sam. "You ain't got no right to stay here you know," said Ben, "and when folks know you're here they'll drive you out." | " Haven't you any home, any folks i of your own ?" asked Sam. $ Still there' was' no-answer.' He re peated his question after a short silence, and Ben. added, "If you've got a home, old man, I'd advise you to clear out as quick as you can, for the deacons and- parsons won't let no tramps stay here." "I'm no tramp;" - " Well, who are. you, any way ?" said Ben. "Don't tease' him," said Sam, "lie looks sick, and I'm going home to bring father over herb." At these words the men sturted. "Don't fetch no one l" excitedly. "Just lot me go ! Just let me go ' I'll — I'll git aWay quick's; I can." " Let liitn go," said Fen. " I don't believe he has any lioirie, and lie looks sick, and he'll die of starvation if wo leavo him .here, or if he goes tramping off somewhere." " Let me go" I let me go 1" said the captive, faintly struggling to free his arras. "No," said Sam, "we shall not leave you here alone to die of cold and hunger. If you will not tell us who you are and why you are here, I shall bring my father. He is a doctor. He will know if you are siok, and he win get you Home somehow. " Home with a flitter despairing wail, " I haven't got no home !" , The boys looked helplessly at each other, and for a few moments noither of them spoke. . " Haven't you got no folks ?" asked Ben, at length. Tlie man opened his eyes and sat up more erectly, and looked at Ben and Sam attentively, "Boys," lie said, "I'll trust ye. I don't think yo'll try to git me turned out of here if I tell ye why I'm here, an' I'll trust ye," " Here," interrupted Ben, whose sympathies were now fully aroused, " Eat that first," handing him a broken piece of gingerbread, " and we'll pitch the fellow down that hill that tries to turn you out. You can stay here just as .long as you want to, can't he, Sam ?" ' "Yes," heartily, "but he'll be colcl and hungry, and he'll get sick." ? " To be sure. And 'twill be Sunday, too, day after to-morrow. Well," in a whisper, " we cau coax him to see your father." "Boys," continued -their prisoner, " I'll trust ye. B.oys, I'm here because I haven't got no home. I had one ; I hacl a wife, but .she died," in a quivering voice. ' Sam felt the arm which he still held tremble, and .lie said quickly — " Do not tell us, if it makes you, feel bad." "I'll trust ye. ' Ye've got honest faces, an' I'll trust ye. Boys, she died while I was in prison. Yes," as both boys started back, " I were ' let out last Monday morniiig, but," excitedly, " I hadn't ought to have been sent there. They said I set fire to my barn, an' they sent me to. prison an' " — great tears rolling down his cheeks — "the parting an' the shame o't killed my wife, an' I never can see her, I never can see her no more!" — sobbing and panting. "How did you get out?" asked Ben, in a husky voice. "The man that did it— the man I always suspected— died some time ago, an' he said he did it, an' they let me out. They gave me these' clothes an' a little money to keep me till I could get work. But . I found my Nancy dead an' gone, dead an' gone, on mj iiuuio uiimo up, an j. couiun u stay there, so I come here." "I used to live here when I was a little chap, an' I thought I'd come here an' die. I'm dying, I am, an' 'twas bitter cold,' so I just turned in here. I thought no one would find me out— I've fetched in them twigs an' kept a fire at night- -an' I thought I'd stop a little, an' maybe I'd die 'fore long." . " You mustn't die !" said Sam. "You must let my father give you something. He won't tell, ho can keep a secret. You'll let mfe tell him, won't you ?" After, much persuasion, the man re luctantly consented, ancl tlie boys as sisted him to the rough bed lie had constructed, and then they made up a brisk fire before they left him. "We shall not leavo him here,1' said Sam, " so it's no matter if the smoke is seen. Lock the door, Bon, and take the key. He'll stay there fast enough, poor . old man ; but some one might go in and Startle him." " Sain," said Ben, as they slid down tlie icy liill, "do you believe our ghost Story?" " Ye3 !' emphatically. " So do I ! But, I say, what a duffer Jack must be. . He's a great ghost, that feeble old man. A great ghost. I say, Saui, what's going to be done with him?" ' " Father will know," said Sam. " He'll take him home most likely, and doctor him, and then help him to get work." "If lie's sick I'll help take care of him," said Ben. " For," with a laugh, " I don't intend to watch all night for a ghost, and then lose him." The kindly doctor investigated the. ghost's story and found it true. " What shall we do with him ?" he aslced the boys. " He is a sick man," ' Bring liirn homo," . said Sam, promptly. ." Ben and I will nurse him. till he gets well, and tlian we'll find work for him. We found him. We'll make out, somehow, to help him." "That's so !" said Ben. " He's our ghost, you know," added Sam. " That's so !" said Ben; ! " Our poor old ghost 1" - . , . . 