MR A rOTVLER A.TTHB MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. The attendance at the Mechanics' Insti -fcute Wednesday evening was large, and Mr W. A. Solomon occupied the chair. Mr Fowler, alluding to personalities -which had been indulged in at his last meeting, said the circular to which he had xeierrea as navii^g ueen iwuou uj mo Inveresk Improvement Association was the work of three individuals who arrogated to themselves the name of that body. He denied the truth of several reports which lie stated had been circulated. He was not running with ; Mr Lette, and bad offered to allow his opponents to j.peak in the room engaged by himself at Inveresk when, he learned that they had 'no other place to meet the electors. Proceeding, he said, ' When I took my advertisement to the Launceston Examiner I was just leaving the office when I met the editor, who said to me, ' Well, we will give you a fair field. auu no lavuur. i icpucu, auhu ioou x want.' But you can judge for yourselves whether tbat has been accorded me. How is it that they reported me to a certain point where I deal with Mr Lette, and then there is no reference made to the othnr candidate? Asd when they come to deal with me in a sub-leader they say, 'He is a candidate who has been generally un derstood as a labour ? candidate/ and as he hns stated he is ' not a' labour candidate, where is. the difference between hiinself and neither or both of the 'other candidates ?' .Gentle men, whoever authorised them , to say I was a labour candidate P-.Did I evade the question when 1 was asked 'here on Monday evening? The veiy first.- oppor- tunity I had of meeting the electors, JL was asked the question, and Rave' them; the ?straightforward answer which I .gave you, ?on Monday evening Jast. ' Supposing our worthy citizen, Mr William- '.'-BitbUie,; had presented himself to you for your suffrages, I believe there is no man in;,Tasu:ania who wruld stand a ghost of a show- against him — he would receive the: labour; vote almost io a man. But would it ibe fair, then, because he was supported;by rthe labour vote, to say he was a;labour;candidate ? If .not fair to him, how is it fair itb me.;?' Mr ' JFowler then spoke ; upon a ^number ;cf matters of public interest, dealing at length with the Chinese queetion and the ? Third Judge Bill, contending that the ?nor-thern members. should have tiiade it. a sine qua nou that '-th'e-, ju'd^s'-sh'ould''. reside in.the^North. , Thot candidate's. '.view's were favourably receiyed.and ? a yoie.pf. thanks, to the chairman, concluded; the meeting. ;.,.; 