AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. Another large and well-pleased audience witnessed the repetition of "The County Fair" at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when the piece went very successfully throughout, and the great race scene at the finish was re ceived with rounds of approbation. The same piece will be repeated to-night. The "Gohdouebs. 51 An opera season will be opened at the Theatre Hoya] on Wednesday, September 16V during which two operas new to Adelaide audiences—Gilbert & Sullivan's "Gondoliers" and Farnie & Planquette's "The Old Guard"— will be presented by Mr. J. C. Williamson's Hoyal Opera Company. The box-plan for the first nigfit will be opened at Marshall's at 10 o'clock this morning. Saturday Popular Concebx.' The last of the series of Saturday night popular concerts is announced for Saturday evening next. The programme is unusually attractive, all the leading local tniwriifo^ taking part. The fnamtg?mwit are thu? able to give a programme of conceited music, both vocal and instrumental. This being positively the last concert this season should attract a large attendance. Stacst Comedy Compasy. TheStaceyCbmeayCompany, who vfll open next Monday-si Garner's Hooms with that old Adelaide favorite "Hansthe Boatman," will arrive from West Australia by the Cuzco this morning. The company's efforts in that colony met with most gratifying results, the business in all parts being excellent, and no doubt these old favorites will meet with an enthusiastic reception on reopening here. A Trip to the Eastward. The Rev. A. G. Sutherland, 8.D., delivered a lecture nvthe Oddfellows'Hall, Fort Ade laide, on Tuesday evening in connection with the local branch of the Caledonian Society upon a recent trip to Queensland. The rev. gentleman graphically described the many tilings of note he witnessed while on a. visit to that colony, and also spoke on several matters connected with die adjoining province. He concluded by appealing to his hearers to adopt a friendly spirit to the residents of the sister states, potting aside ail petty jealousies, and remembering that they were one race, speaking cue mother tongue. A vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer. Musical Ghost Illcsiojt. Sir. Bousmard'e illusion is still a source of attraction in Hindley-street, the audiences being sent away quite as much puzzled as when it was first produced. 