-X---;-r:- ' :- :. fflg HOUSE M KHMOI A Story of the " Black Country" of South Staffordshire. By I JEANIE GWlTNNE BETTANY, i Author of " Aunt Saracen's Two Legaciea,'vetc. i CHAPTER XII.—' Thb Explosion. Over a week had passed, and Mr. Hackbit observed this fact to Mr. Bimmon in his dining-room, seated upon the table, Us hat upon nis head the wrong way before, his hands thrust deep into his pockets, his eyes terribly bloodshot. He next gave it as his opinion that Kizzy had failan into one of those worked-out mines, and expressed his intention, should this turn out to be the case, of throwing his uncle's body after her. Then recollecting that he had during the week exhausted all possible epithets npon Mr. Bimmon, he began to rain abuse on the ooiliery proprietors of the neighbourhood. "It's disgraceful," he said, " the way they leave these pits, without so much as a fence around them, let alone bricking them over; though the dace is swarming with children. It gives me the horrors to walk across the Old Park on a dark night; I always expect the next etep to lead me into one of these infernal holes. Anil they go and undermine the whole district, and t.hen move father off, and let the land for building purposes, though the houses sank and fail, and they know it. " Well, I'm not a colliery proprietor," re plied his ancle. " If you're not, you buy the land," retorted his nephew, " and build cottages on it." "Well," said Mr. Bimmon savagely, "it's right enough on population grounds. The neighbourhood's overcrowded enough; it'a better for those who are left, if a house falls and kills a few, I suppose." " Very fine philosophy,'' responded his nephew with a sneer. " But nature will carry off your mother soon enough, at all events, without your putting her in one of those cursed houses." Then returning to hisabuse of the colliery proprietors, he said, "They always put off repairing their machinery, too, and never buy a new rope till the old one has broken and dropped a cage full of human bemgs down the pit. But I suppose you'll say that s right on population grounds." "The men are as careless as the masters," rejoined Mr. Bimmon, bridling. "They con tinually light their pipes at their lamps, though they know an explosion may follow." The time when this conversation wa3 being held was about three in the afternoon. The two had beau out all the morning, and were mow waiting for Sarah to bring them some re freshment. The clouds came over very heavy, and a thick fog came on. They were com pelled to light the gas. Just then Sarah entered with a tray of refreshments, and as she stood iu the doorway a sound like the crash £f .a, hundred thunders rang through the airr Sarah let hr tray fall, crying at the same time, It 8 an explosion ;" and precipitately fled. The two thus left together with the wreck of "their lunch, gazed at each other with elevated eyebrow a Neither spoke for a moment, till Mr. Hackbit removed his hat slowly, scratched "his head deliberately, and curtly ejaculated, "The devil!" This opened his companion's lips, who said, I "" You may depend it's an explosion at Tro- 1 worth mine, for Hedgely refused to have the I patent lamps there. We'd better go.'' j " Ho w many do you suppose were in the mine | at this time ?" asked Hackbit. | "Three or four hundred." I "Look here," said the lawyer, " if Kizzy is j Anywhere in the neighbourhood, this will bring J her oat ; for never a man is burnt in the pits | but she goes to see if sht can do anything." j While they talked, an endless tramp was j heard in the road outside, and loud wailing. j Troworth "Hill coal-mines are situated on the opposite side of the town of Jumley to that on I which Mr. Bimmon lived ; and Hackbit and his 1 uncle followed the direction of the tramping j feet across the Old Park, through the dure- j putable, dirty little crowded town, which had j nearly always its pestilence as the summer came j round, as it had alway s its pestilence, summer 1 and winter, of vice and profanity. Neither Mr. Bimmon nor Mr. Hackbit could be Mid to notice these facts much, as they had both been brought up in the neighbourhood; and what we are accustomed to does not shock us. The shops in the town appeared deserted, «nd the blackened enow bore the. marks of multitudes of feet. Before they reached the spot, they saw lights moving, and tfcteir throats were filled with smoke and sulphury vapour. At last they got close to the wailing crowd, cenriating chiefly of women whose husbands were in the mine — too often their sons also. Prayers and oattu mingled strangely in their conversation, which was disjointed, and chiefly at the screaming pitch. Clouds of hot smoke were vomited from the pit's mouth. Hackbit and Bimmon forced their way through the women to get near a group of gentlemen who were close to to pit's mouth. , This were theproplSbWr together with the Ungihewv . "Gab. you aefeottnt for this, Mri Murdoch?" < asked Mr. Bimmon of the nearest of these gentlemen. "It's foelattms, % expect," he replied «We toould bavehad the Davys in a few days," Had any of the men come up before ' occurred?" continued Mr, Rimmnn, "Every eonl is down that went down this - morning." 44 Howlong do you thinkit will be before any one can venture down the pit?" ft would be death to any one who went down yet." This conversation was extremely difficult to! carry on, owing to the shrieks of the women, ! who called incessantly, " Can't you do any- j think to save 'em?" "Isn't there a mau ampngyou?" " Mr. Murdoch tried to speak-to them, but they hissed at hi a as the author of their misery, and demanded their husbands and eons and fathers at his hands, with threats and en treaties. One woman, frenzied, tried to throw herself down the pit, and was dragged back by main force. " Ah!" shrieked a woman's voice above all the rest, " I knew there'd be this to-day; tor didn't my poOr master's dog come home to me at seven this morning, him as has always been for years down the pit with him." Murdock wee again asked when Bome one Would be sent down, the pit to the rescue. He replied calmly that fie himself would go as soon as he could, but at present it would be sheer madnesB to attempt it. Hour after hour the crowd watched, refusing to stir. Bimmon and Hackbit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About ten o'clock smoke was still issuing from the month of the pit, and the clamour for relatives J was still going on. Muraock with his com- I panions continued in consultation. j It was Hackbit who addressed him this time. I "Do you think an effort can be made now?" j he asked in a voice quite sober. " I -shall go down with the first cage." j A cry of "brave man" was heard in a j woman' 8 voice, clear and silvery. It sounded J like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hack- bit's eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then ; the anguish of others had drown her forth. j Mr. Bimmon was looking for the owner of j too, but had not caught sight of her, i for shenad hidden herself immediately. Hack- bit's quick eye had followed her, however, and he dashed after her at once. " Oh, cousin," he exclaimed, in a reproachful tone, " why have you made us all so miser able?" The girl hung her head. " I only went to hide my own misery," she said gently. " I didn't think anybody cared " _ " I care very much," responded Hackbit. " Believe ma, cousin, I feel more for you than words can express. I will do anything, suffer anything, to bring back happiness to you ;" and j the hypocrite received a grateful look from the I lovely eyes, that had grown so pathetic since he j last beheld them, and looked larger and darker for the dark circle that now surrounded them, j How pinched her Itttle face had grown ! Even 1 Hackbit' 6 heart was stirred as he looked at her. j " Whose baby have you got ?" he asked. | "It belongs to that poor woman down there," replied Kizzy, indicating with her finger. " She fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and j nobody offered to. pick it up. It would have I been trampled to death." j " Ib there nobody the child can be given up 1 to?" asked Hackbit." j 44 I don't know." j " Perhaps the mother will come to," sag- gesfed Hackbit. j Mr. Bimmon was seeking his nephew in the J crowd, and at last perceived him, and with a j mortified shock, for mortified it was, he recog- j nised his daughter, and went up to her. I She was safe then ; and what a scandal it all | was, her disappearance, and her turning up like j this, more like a ghost than a living girl ! Still, j there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as j he said, "Kizzy, my child!" And trnly he was alarmed enough when he saw the change that j had come over her in little more than a week. I The round plump face had grown so pointed j and meagre, the tips were pale and drown, and | tite dark "eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a doll look of misery in them. " Gome home with thy father, child," mud Mr. Bimmon, heartily ashamed of bis work, j though never thinking of undeceiving his j | daughter. £ _ j j "Let us look for the child's mother," said 1 Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty j towards a spot where the crowd was not 1 quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus 1 closely set round one object of interest. It was 1 the figure of a young girl, who could scarcely I twenty from her looks. One of the nume- 1 roue doctors npon the spot were examining her | as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon re- i marked/that her trouble was over, at any rate ; j she was dead. | " Has this poor girl no relatives— no one who would take charge of the baby?" asked Mir. XUQimou ox tue oyBtauuens. ; i " bhe has neither kith nor kin, neither has j her poor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, j worse lack, at the bottom of the mine." | "Oome home with me, Kizzy," said Mr. J I Bimmon "I will try and he kind to j yon;" he made no objection toher carrying j the baby with her. 1 As they passed through Jumley town, the | numerous low public-houses blazed out upon the j darkness, and wore dealing out their liquors to j distracted women who had come to drown their 1 grief ; wile traps, catching the miserable, and j I fmapinfr anguish upon them under the guise of I I comfort. j j The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path j for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed after- ' wards, doubly dark. " - Hackbit, at all times I disliking the place, disliked it excessively to I night, and thought grimly of the uncovered 1 pits. This did not prevent his ottering to carry j the baby, but Hjzzy WQuld not give it up. Itj ) was asleep and warm under her cloak. . To his i uncle he said in a low tone " Above all, cross A%thsad ofttofe <BsH«eld)BIefthis j uncle audbbos&i;, mid rfctraodd his Steps, Has Was hfatipatoy ,| got abbut hfdway aoross, when a rumbling 1 sound, followed by a crash, startled him. It j teuaBtBwere iip at toemine. i As Hackbit p&SaSd; thrOhga thf toWn, he Was 1 bathe resusted the temptation. j bethought; " let me go Into toe jaws of death j W)b0." ' I When he reached the pit's month a cage was I waiting to be lowered. " Wait for me," he j cried. Murdock was in the cage. 44 Don't you it go, for God's sake," Hackbit said. " You axe j needed to right the wrongs." I There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery J on the part of Hackbit. No Black Country man J is a coward. All Ace alike ready hi these 1 emergencies. There is never a cry for volun- J teen. j There was a lull in the crowd as the cage was ; j lowered and those few brave men descended to J rescue some few, if possible, of the hundreds j shut up in that fiery prison. j Ajvhifce-chokered young gentleman of some j three and twenty years, with a very wide- brimmed clerical hat, ventured to make a J remark to some women in his neighbourhood, about submitting themselves to the will of Providence. j " Shut thy — mouth," cried one Of the j women, " or we'll chuck thee down th' pit." j They looked so much like carrying out the j threat that the curate moved away as fast as he j could with any dignity. Some jeers were j thrown after him, £nd one of the women said, J "It's always the same gate. We mun be j patient, when wages is so low as we havener j euowtoeat. If oar children die of th' fever, 1 or our lads i' th' explosion, it's the visitation of God. Oh, it's the plague o parsons is the I worst plague the Lord ever sent us — curse I them." I These words fell on the ear, of an elderly clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to be of useio somebody ; and he said to the waman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterness — " We clergy are great blunderers, I fear ; but believe me, we would do better if we knew how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to- night." j "Ah! if all th' parsons was like yon, we I wouldner curse them," replied the woman. I There seemed to be something happening at I the pit's mouth now. The crowd moved as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The j signal had been given to draw up. the cage. The : crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion and the rope flew over the pulley. "Stand hack," cried the police. The mouth of the pit was filled by an object rising. It was the cage. The torches revealed Hackbit aiid another, each with a black burden in his arms. The charred masses they carried were human j beings. Blankets were held by the four corners, j in readiness, and the poor wretches were plated j in them and carried to the waggons. I The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, it 8 urged so powerfully towards the bodies, in order, if possible, to recognise them ; but they I were unrecognisable. j " The fire's still burning in the north cut ting," said Hackbit. " We daren't go near J there." The signal was given to lower, and down I went those brave men again. | After the fourth descent they were so I exhausted that new volunteers came forward. I In the course of the night, Borne thirty bodies, 1 six of which were just alive, were brought up. j The rest were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XIII.— At Home Again. In the meantime, Kizzy and her father and the little orphan baby had reached the dismal house. I The door was opened by Mrs. Bimmon I herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her daughter. She woke the baby, -and it began to wail piteously. - j Mrs. Bimmon was not at all surprised to see j tbe baby. She was accustomed to her | daughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and strays. It was Kizzy she was surprised to see. When Kizzy had been placed in her father's | chair, she smLed faintly, and asked that the j baby might be fed. Mrs. Rimmou busied her self in taking off her daughter's shoes and I stockings ; they were soaking wet. She then 1 proceeded to put the little white feet into a hot j bath, and Sarah, having fed the baby and j placed it in an improvised bassinette, brought J some tea for her young mistressin an incredibly 1 j short time. . 1 Kizzytriedto raise her head from the chair, j bat she could not ; so Sarah raised her and 1 gave her the tea. A kind of fog gathered on 1 the girl's mind, and she seemed to be in a l different place, with different people ; yet- she j frequently recurred to the baby, and asked j j piteously that it might be looked after. \ J " It's fast asleep like a little angel," said ) Sarah, in a clothes basket by the kitchen | fire." . \ Kizzy dosed her eyes on hearing this, r and, j remained white and motionless. I "Don't yon think we had better send for the j I doctor ?" suggested Mrs. Bimmon in a j frightened whisper. j " We could get no doctor if we sent," replied | herhusband. " You know they are all busy 1 at thepit. Hadnt I better cany her up to bed?" | While they were debating this question there I was a sound of wheels. Thev stopped opposite the house, and there was a ring at the door, j Sarah harried to it, in no good humour; she 1 was afraid the baby might wake. Standing j before her at the door, whom should she see i but Mr. Saltring, with a red muffler at his neck, | rivalling his red whiskers, arid behind him crept j Jnb&l.; _ J 44 Good heart alive, girl," said Mr. Saltringto j Sarah, who stood still, not offering to ask Mm 1 in, " yon are Sarah, aren't you? You addressed your letter all wrong, audit has only come to J as to-night." Oh, come m, sir," raid Sarah, who had now recovered herself ; " she's come back to- j i- night, sir, and she looks awfriL" ' Mr. Saltring presented himself without ceremony before Mr. Bimmon, whose breath ; was neatly taken away by the sadden Appear- j once. These gentlemen had never met before, ; though they knew each other by reputation. I "We've posted all the way," said Mr. I Saltring; " we only heard to-night of your I misfortune." j " It was very .good of you," responded Mr. I Bimmon, coldly, 1 "Yon see," said Mr. Saltring, a little | quenched by this frigidity, " the poor boy j couldn't rest, so I brought Mm." j Jubal had kept carefully in the shadow of 1 Mr. Saltring all this time, but at these words he I ventured to make Mmself viable. He instantly j caught sight of the deathly face of Ms Bister, I and cried, " Oh, Mr. Saltring, do look at Kizzy-" j Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the door, which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him, j " Good heart alive, man,"' he exclaimed. I addressing Mr. Bimmon. " Lord have mercy j on ue all for a pack of fools I" White Mr. lii Mft oim&foken; out &fiask; of brkndy, and wsri my aoul, ourih Afo vely taceii;ure in my liifif - he ekel«ime& v--- dsmghter'aa teetotaller," Mr. BtttteaOn. . vr % Babbit !" said Mr. Saltring, Continuing to I gtee thebrondy. & The girl's ©yeS <q>ened, and Mr. Saltring said, j in a ooaxxng tone, a Thre, there; that's better, j hant, «od a faint sudllidkered cm her J fooe and went out. Mr. Saltring WAS thinking, How is it | possible such a girl can ever have been born in Jumley?' - Jubal was standing near qnite boldly now. j He did not feel so xnnch afraid whdn Mr. Salt- j ringWas in the house. J Kizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up j from his kneeling position, pushed the table j out of the way, and hoisted the great sofa I toward toe fire. i Mr. Simmon's face was stony as he watched these proceedings. I ' Now, if we ..had some pillows and blan kets," suggested Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Bimmon ; and while she want to fetch them he emptied the coal-box en toe fire. Kizzy was speedily made comfortable on toe sofa. I It mast have been nearly 2 o'clock in the j morning; hut this was not toe only household J np in Jnmley. No one went to bed in explosion times, even of. those not concerned ; and as a I proof of tMs, toe door next opened to admit the | head of Mass Dorcas Bimmon, who, having heard that Kizzy had been found, had come np 1 to verify the fact. j "Oh 5" she observed, in a spiteful tone, "I J -didn't know there was company ;" and toe was about to bounce back again, when Mr. Saltring said — _ I " My name is Samuel isaltring ; yon may j have heard of me. You must be a Bimmon, j from the family likeness." . - 1 "Yes, lam Miss Bimmon," that lady ac- J kuowledeed ; and she looked over toe hack of j ; the sofa. "So she's come back is she, toe un grateful little wretch." Mr. Bimmon touched his sister gently with Ms foot, to warn her to be silent. "No, Joshua, I won't bequiet," said Miss Dorcas, defiantly. "You've no need to kick me. I shall say what I like." L " Then I would say it in a quieter tone, if I were you, considering all things," put in Mr. Saltring. " It's nothing to do with you," rejoined Miss Dorcas, narrowing her eyeB as she looked at j Mm. | r " I'll give you a bit of advice," retorted the Muff wine-merchant ; " If you'd keep better " tempered you'd be better looking.'' j " JPltose remember you are not in your own house," Mr. Bimmon remarked to Mr. Salt- ring.: " Now, look here," said the honest fellow, kindliness shining in bis face, " you don't want to be told I mean well- Let ns be agreeable. Think of the dear child lying there." 1 Miss Dorcas tosBed her head. "You will let me stay and help you nurse her to- night," said Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Bimmon. " I know a lot about nursing rick folk." The next to appear on the scene was Thomas | Hackbit, who had by this time refreshed him- | self at one of the low inns still open. "He tried i hard to look sober, but his head nodded in a ghastly manner, and he hiccuped between every word he tried to speak. He at once recognised Saltring as a friend, though he had never set | eyes on him before. " Glad to see you, old chap," he said. " Get away out of toe house, you disgusting brute," exclaimed Miss Dorcas, as Hackbit, j smiling inanely, advanced toward Mr. Salt- j ring. I " Take no notito of her," remarked Hackbit J confidentially in Saltrtng'B ear. "She'to cat. J Deucedly ugly, isn't sup? Oh, Lord, toe's J milliiwiiih dresshmakershT" j Mr. Bimmon tried to explain that Mr. Hack-. 1 bit was a little unsteady, owing to his having been down a coal-mine rescuings burning men. " He's -been somewhere rise since, 1 toould think," observed Mr. Saltring, Rmilrng in spite afhimself. At toe sound of Mr. Bimmon's voice Hackbit : began again. " He'sh an old fool, too. He drove Keziah- away, forged letters, made her b'lieve " "For (tod's sake, hush!" burst forth Mr. Bimmon. _ . "Now he'sh sh wearing,' said Hackbit, smiling benignly. " He'sh good man, he ito ; prayer-meetingto, Bible-clastoes . He getsh drunk and toplits things, he doerix." Dorcas here gave Mm a friendly poke. " What are you doing ?" he began, turning ©n her. "You've left your 'prentish out waiting for you. I metto her. I kished her." This was too much for Miss Dorcas, who ex- | plained that toe had brought MiBS Ti turning np with her for company, and had not thought it worth while to ask her in, as toe -was only come for a minute. „ " Leave her there bitto longer," said Hack- bit, cocking his hat on„ the back of Ms head. " Yoa go home yourshelf. Nobody wanttokito J you." Mr. Hackbit next announced Ms intention of spending the remainder of the night at his 1 uncle's, and had of necessity to be accommo- I dated. . ; , | Bat none of those episodes disturbed Kizzy, WuO W&8 111 « svuuu I The slow winter morning broke, and stole I feebly over the objects in the room where I Kizzy lay, toe deep silky fringes Of her eyes j resting on the pallid cheeks. The weary mother had fallen asleep, too ; and I Mr. Srit-rmg sat near the couch, with I Ms head drooping on his chest till Ms I baldhead, rather toon Ms face, looked towards | j Kizzy; but he was not asleep. When at last j Sarah made her appearance, Kirey opened her J eyes with a frightened look, and sighed deeply, j Mr. Wte'wg was beside her in a moment, j "Come, we are better," he said cheerfully. | | " Four hours sleep at a stretch. Now, Sarah, I | my lass, ah egg beaten up in milk, please. j He gave it to the girl with all the gentleness of I a woman, and all toe tact, and was rewarded i I by a pathetic smile. This over, he asked Sarah J if he might have a wdBh. She looked some- 1 1 what uneasy, „ J j " Well sir," toe arid, "Mr. Hackbit got j the spare room, and Master Jubal, he wouldn't 1 sleep with his father, and Miss Dorcas wouldn't j go home, neither, after what Mr. Hackbit said, and toe and Miss fimmins are in Miss Kizzy's room " I " Oh, all right," said Mr. Saltring, " I'll go j into Jubal's room." But when he tried the door he found it locked, and after knocking several times and receiving no answer, he con cluded that .he would go to the room Hackbit oecnpied, and not disturb toe poor lad. "I needn't wake Mr. Hackbit," he said. J The door proved not to be locked ; and, softly entering, he beheld Hackbit in a profound sleep, with Ms arm thrown over the back of his head. | He had evidently frit cold, for he had taken 1 down toe bed-curtains and put them across the bad ; a Isb Saltring oouH own gaxw mente-toatls, eoigp hy itMm lay on the floor, dote to toffdoo? XBa heota imwevw, epig be here nowheM fia jooking nrai clostoey foot of the bed, On toe owner's foet. Mi. 8&ltrmg; primed ' 'hut some water very quietly, but he disturbed toe sleeper nevertfae- Iess, and a firint voioe foom the bed said, " What's that?" ' - - t Mr. Saltring made an apology for his ha trasion. " Dm't mention it," said Hackbit, hriding his head tightly between, his hands; <(imtA havmi't the pleasnreof knowing yon, have If "No," replied Mr. Saltring ; and he tore ex plained himselt. l'm afraid f most have here last nht," said Hackbit. " She didnt see sue, did toe?— Kizzy, I meen," " She was too flL" " Thank Heaven for that, at any rote. I'm a fool to drink. Nobody knows it bettor thanl do. I should leave it off if Fda wife and t comfortable home." " My dear sir,' rejoined Mr. Saltring im pressively, "a man toould conquer his faulte before his marriage, and not subject a good woman to toe chance of to «i>snm«it faiKii( afterwards." " Yes, you are right. But it's very hard to give up one's only comfort, and nothing to re- place it.'-' " Dont be in bondage. Wnty your miri never to taste another drop." And. now, hav ing completed Mb toilet, Mr. Saltrinc hastened down to his patient. Mr. Bimmon had oome down by tola time. Kizzy was looking round for Mr. Saltring gladdened at his approach. " She's looking better, isn't she?" he observed to Mr. Bimmon. " A change of air would be toe very thing fox her. Let me take her to Langton with me to day, and we will-return her to you in perfect - health, God permitting." Mr. Bimmon found it desirable to accept this offer for many reasons. He was very glad when he discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jubal to go back with Mm, too. As for Kizzy herself, her apathy was tpD great for her to ex press a choice at all. They might-do what they ; liked with her, she said, so long as the baby ; was looked after : j " The baby Bhail go too," said Mr. Saltrina. " There are nurses enough at our house, I guess ; and if anybody lays claim to it, they can easily have it." When they had all started in the phaeton Sarah wrote and informed Mrs. Beredith of what had occurred. She could not toy where Kizzy had been, however, daring her absence, as she had preserved a strict suehce on that point, and Mr. Saltring would not have her questioned. . CHAP FEB XIV. — MAOTD Habwtn. I Maud Harwyn, though a young lady of con«- | siderable personal attractions, and therefore es- 1 pecially exposed to criticism, inhabited a house I on her own reponsibility St Bowdon, near Man- | Chester. She was an orphan, and lived with only two female servants, except when hei brother Gerald was at home from Birmingham. I Many of ber friends thought this highly im proper ; but it was one of Maud's characteristics I not to bow to Mrs. Grundy. Her schoolmaster I brother did not disapprove of her, however; | and her father must have trusted her, for he E laced her under no guardian, though he left er a large fortune, Tne reader has already seen I that Lawyer Lay ton and Ms wife were strong j adherents of Muis Harwyn. Thew had, never- theleas, urged npon her the desirability of engaging an elderly companion to live with I her ; but she was not open to reason. I About a week after the events recorded if I fViQ la at riismfenr sbn wm RPtttad nimrimr her tea. in a perfect bower of a siftingroom, quite alone, with an air of complacency and thorough inde pendence that men would scarcely give solitary women credit for. She was looking caressingly upon her pretty foet, placed upon toe fender. They were cased in slippers of the gayest and daintiest. She made no secret pf the fact that it was of grave importance to her to be well ; dressed. She wished to be beautiful, and she thought it was for herself alone that she wished it. Her house, planned by herself, was like no other. One coold not see it without thought of harmony, and sunshine, and warm summer days. The gfrl was an artist, though a certain indolence born of weato had kept her talent in | the dark. Her house, as much as the pictures | in her studio, spoke of this. Her studio opened | into the diningroom-oa one side and the draw- ingroom on the other. The studio was also a | music-room, and, in addition to a piano, con tained a harp, a violin, and a guitar. On two 1 or three easris stood unfinished canvases.' Tim j room itself was panelled, and every panel con- I tained a printing, Maud's own work. Near a low couch was a circular boofccase on wheels, oa her own designing. By the easiest motion it I would turn round when she wished to change J a volume. This was essentially a gay room, but, as a contrast, her diningroom was grim and sombre She bad travelled all over Europe in search of j weird pictures for this room ; and every even- I ing when she dined alone there she had the I apartment lit by wax candles enough to have | illuminated a ballroom. 1 While Bhe was drinking her tea on the after noon referred to, Maud's housemaid brought to I her a message from toe next villa, The Cheet- I nuts. Miss Harwyn was begged to come in there, as an old lady was seriously ill, and tha 1 gentleman did not like to leave her without somebody besides ms servants, wane ne roue w Manchester to fetch adocter. Maud went without a moment's hesitation, and a neat servant showed her to the old lady'a room. The house was smaller than Maud's, and differed from it in every way, and it had an old-fashioned air, andaeertam stiffness and nww about it. The bedroom ehe was shown into was hot and rather stifling. Mapd oft once glanced towards the four-post bedstead with its white hangings. Rolling restlessly npon the pillow lay an aged bred. Maud said to the out rent, Haven't yea another spare room with a bed without hang- \- ingein it?" % " No ; there were hangings just like this xn all the rooms. Maud placed a Screen' beside toe bed, and opened a windo w, and toe fresh air revived tin old ady a little, and she said feebly : " I don't think this is the house.'1 < " Oh, yea, it ib," said Mood gently ; "yon areal! right." . 44 1 knew I should come to it," was the old lady'sreply. „ 44 Why, of course," arid Maud, not in the least understanding. The old lady glanced towards the foot of the bed, and observing a large fire, said in alarm, I 44 Take some of the coal off, my dear ; your j father will be so angry." j Maud now became certain that toe old lady was wandering, and determined ta pacif y h«r | to the utmost, so actually removed a little of I the coal, and toe old lady rambled on ; " Jubal's a big boy. Ho'll disagree with Ma father soon." - ' " How odd!" thought Maud. " I really believed there was but one Jubal in theworiflb Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock and Co., publishers. I ' who was visiting attoe ito battptee 3w :JW " ? nAl/wrno iiirliipll stifl hM - grSt; < the influence of ttds» and Maud aewflfo wait for the unknown master- of J1® ly® J® relieve her vigiL She knew him by sigh, but was unacquainted with his name. . It was late before he retained. Qn entering the bedroom he gravely held out his hand to his neighbour, ana began to thank her for her great kindness. = ' " Oh, don't thank me, I have done nothing," she said, .with a frank smile. Then she added, " But I don't know your name." " My name is David Rimmori." " Mr. Rimmori, canlbe of any further use to you?" - „ " I have troubled you too much already, \- said David. " The room .is scented like a bower ; I am sure thai is your doing. Bat, u I might ask you one thing more, would you wait till the doctor has seea mother t xou would understand his directions better than 1 could, and expiaiiOhem to myhouselmeper . " But would she like my interfering ?" said Maud with some hesitation. "Well," repHed_David nervously, "she a rattier deaf, and has a way of pretending to hear when she doesn't, to hide it. - Audi think yon would her understand." Mand consented at once, and David went down stain to bring up the doctor. That gentleman meanwhile had been growing very impatient. He had examined minutely _ every print in the room, and had fallen out with.the. roses on the wall- paper, had_ sat down on each clmir in saccesdou to t ry their relative comfort, and had finally -stationed himself with his back to the fin, his eye fixed on the staircase, visible through the opendoor, his ear turned slightly upwards, tooatchahysonndfromabove. Mr. ffinwimn had kept bun longer than he had in- tended, having been very slow in the delivery of hi« remarks to Maud j and after leaving hpr, he had stood several moments on the dark landing, meditating. The doctor did not meet him cordially. He had1 not even been appeased by a glass of wine. This had been entirely an oversight on Mr. Bimmon'8 part, but the doctor felt it neverthe less. He coula only show it in one way. It was by increased gravity and severity of de meanour. He also waited for Mr. Bimmon to begin, which was always difficult for David. The two looked at e&eh; other in silence for some seconds, when the doctor, in his im patience, by the sudden raising of his boot, knocked the fire-irons down, causing a groat noise. He turned very red at the accident, and solemnly replaced the fire-irons; then, thoroughly out of temper, faced Mr. Bimmon, and observed frigidly — " I can't conceive why people put fire-irons on those eminences. Everybody is certain to knock them down." Mr. Bimmon meekly replied that they were awkward, and asked the doctor in a most con ciliatory tone if he would mind stepping up stairs. " Mind ?" rejoined the doctor irritably. " It's my business, I suppose." Mr. Bimmon led the way, wondering what could be the cause of the doctor's snappishness. We are not going to represent Mrs. Bimmon as mi interesting patient, nor that she ex cited strong sympathy in Mami Harwyn. This world's sufferers are frequently uninteresting to a stranger ; their aspect is often forbidding ; and though their condition is compassionated, they can find sympathy for themselves, alas too often, only with God. Miss Harwyn' b visit to David Bimmon was by no means her last ; for as the days wore on, it became a constant thing for the neighbours to see her entering his house; and Maud was not better thought of in consequence. It was another strange proceeding of this very strange young lady; ana to be strange is quite reason enough for a girl's being placed outride the charmed circle of good and discreet society. Some writer has said that " one can only be strange by being wise and good;" and Harwyn' s neighbours, to whom she was ministering, certainly did not think her strange, unless in this sense. Mrs. Bimmon had - recovered remarkably under her ministration, and had learned to listen impatiently for her visitor's footstep. She was soon able to sit up, and her chair was placed near the window, in view of the large garden, where,' winter though it was, an air \E cheerfulness reigned. It was a particularly good year for holly berries, and the old lady's eyes were gladdened by the sight of them, and by the congregations of robins and sparrows feasting unmolested. Sometimes Mrs. Bimmon would sit silent for a long tmn together, looking out of this window; but if Maud offered to go, she would become querulous at once. One afternoon they were sitting together thus, when Mrs. Rinmon suddenly began comparing her present outlock with the Old Park at Jumley ; and though her account was such that Maud understood very little of it, she nevertheless listened patiently. Thus encouraged, this desolate creature opened her heart more and more ; but Maud had a way of inviting confidence. Even David had begun to talk freely with her. lie had gone so far as to tell her something of his niece and her sad story, omitting mention of his brother, however, for on this point he was very sensitive. As a boy, his elder brother had been upright in all his dealings, severe always, yet not more so with Others than with himself ; and "David had grown up with a reverence for this brother, whom he felt to be beyond the comprehension of his feebler brain. And now that deep down nd hidden away in his heart this idol lay broken, the fact was as far out of his con sciousness as h8 could pat it. It is to be questioned whether he haa even thought. this in Words. Some lingering, vague comfort he stored up, as do thousands of other hearts in like trouble— the vague and lingering hope that there might be some mistake, some ftxtoqnq.Hng Circumstance not brought to light. And why deny these hearts their feeble and sad solace? David had not seen Maud for more than a few minutes at a time,' except on Saturday after noons, when he returned early from business ; yet these fleeting momenta had in a short Week growiTinexpressibly dear to him. Maud. Eercemng: that he cared to talk to her! amoved his fancy, and gave him opportuni ties of seeing and brightened her own Me by this kindness to another. If she could . lave foreseen' the future, how she would have withheld- this sweet cup irom his lips ! Kizzy's story had been related to her in frag- and at several different times; and enthusiastic and compassionate, tad told David that when his mother should be reli enough .to spare her, she would go to her friends at Langtan for a day- or two and endea vour to malm Kizzy'e acquaintance. Her fortam intention was to bring the young lad v to Bowden to stay -tfith her, if they goton we J together. In about a month from the time of Kizzv's going to the 8altrings' Maud set out for Zasgton, and her _heart was singing, for she thought here was ft justifiable opportunity of .. v.- ./ - - ' -f . once nmremeeting Tom Towers. friend, a luxriry all her money had not bought heiinihb&f;&kixgQt; io-lsy ft M&Mk; parturelLad corneal and h ef : lpight ;face (Sm never cbe penetratedthft old-laiffibnepflowr. of her neighbour's house,- the heart Of Bimmon fell within him; The light of his life seemed jfco have died, and his spirit, slow always, was for once Btartled into a vivid ufe, and into the acknowledgment that .this fur creature was more to him than anythmg elseiu the world. Although this truth had penetrated his consciousness, it still suggested no conse quences. It was a single, absorbing thought of adoration, unmingled with desire. (to be continued.) 