COUNTRY MAILS, _ CHARTERS TOWERS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) May 17, The effect of the late finds in the Brilliant line has been more apparent than ever during the past week. Now life having been infused, not only into the properties immediately concerned, but revived energy showing itself in other parts of the field, and in the value of scrip generally. There is every reason at present to think that another mining boom has started, and although much of the business done on 'Change has been to all appearance in local names, the purchases have no doubt in many cases been for other markets. The renewed confidence in mining issuretoinorease and also to extend its influence to places at a distance, and rightly so; for there are not many goldfields that can show anything like the substantial returns for money invested. Many who have risked their capital on wild schemes in other parts, could have turned it over and over with perfect safety here during the last few months, while the deep shafts have been going down, and the value of scrip rising steadily. Should the deep ground of the Brilliant go on proving itself rich, all the strikes and losses in other places will fail to stay the rapid progress and sound prosperity of Charters Towers. In giving last week the April crushings, the Pyrites Company was not to hand. This has since come in, being 200 tons of stone, and yielding 26oz. Sgr. gold, and making up the April total to 14,999 tons 2cwt. stone, and 10, 1369. 2dwt gold. The Northern Mining Register, in its review of the week's mining, calls attention to the returns of this goldfield as compared with the Rockhampton district, including, of course, Mount Morgan and Croydon, and our position is truly a proud one. At Charters Towers the total quantity of stone crushed during the four months was 51,978 tons 2cwt., which yielded 63,9 27oz. 14gr. gold. Rockhampton during the same period crushed 29,154 tons for 57,4 23oz., and Croydon crushed 7423 tons of stone for 14,2oz. This balance in our favour against Rockhampton of over OOOOoz. is all the more satisfactory, as it does not depend upon the continued richness of one great mine, but arises from the sound progress made in our many valuable and solid properties. The Day Dawn pc., which still holds its own after all the years of vigorous work, is turning out great quantities of stone at a steady average. The Day Dawn Block and Wyndham, which has revived again, is giving good crushings from, it is said, a new make of stone. Then there is the Mills's United, which has steadily improved of late the average is not great, but the quantity of stone is, and the facilities for working it, including the railway and big mill at the Burdekin, are such that a substantial dividend is anticipated perhaps in this month's return. The Victory may also be mentioned in the list as having held its own and given good interest to its shareholders, and now only awaits the striking of the Brilliant to quote as one of the heaviest priced properties here. The Victoria Gold Mining Company is another that has given splendid returns, and Beams likely to continue them. Those and many others quite outside the great Brilliant mine, and the properties likely from their position to share in its riches, would serve to keep this goldfield for many years at the head of the list for substantial returns, while added to them they give an assurance to capitalists of a safe investment for their money, and to Charters Towers a start in the road to wealth that will be hard to check. The first half of the May month has produced the regular 2s. dividend from the Brilliant p.c., resulting from a crushing of 1200 tons, giving 1950 oz. gold, and from the Mills's United 620 tons, yielding 771 oz. The Sunburst is putting through a large crushing, and there has been a demand for the scrip, which has a rising value. The Victoria Gold Mining Company, Limited, is also at the mill, and we shall soon no doubt hear of a return equal to the handsome ones that this valuable claim has previously given. The discoveries in the block and the St. George United wait further developments for the timbering up, so that for a while the excitement in this direction will be less ; nevertheless, it is in the market that any visitor would be impressed with the importance of the present aspect of mining. The Telegraph Office has been kept busy this month, chiefly with mining telegrams, and the eager crowd that gathers at the evening calls, to say nothing of the business done there and privately in scrip, is convincing proof of more than usual activity. There are so many claims along the Queen line and in the neighbourhood that are prospering and enjoy increased prospects of dividends that this activity need cause no surprise. Outside mining there has not been much of interest stirring during the week. The Salvation Army have had a red-letter day. The guards' band paid the Towers a visit to assist at the opening ceremony connected with the now barracks. They played each evening in front of the Council Chambers, and crowds gathered to hear them. The skating rink, where concert and meeting were hold was afterwards filled up at 6d. each. Quite a gathering attended the Betting of the barrack blocks on Thursday, the first being laid by his worship the Mayor, who gave an appropriate speech, and subscribed £10 10s. to the building fund. They, with their flag and band and meetings, have become an institution with us and not one to be despised. ISISFORD. (FROST OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) May 16. Everything is very quiet here, though there are signs of more lively times ahead. On Wednesday last Sergeant Smith and three of the Mounted Rifles, accompanied by Constable Moore, left here for Bimerah station. This station, it is believed, will start shearing in a week or so. Yesterday the Mounted Infantry left here again on patrol, going in the direction of Albilbah ; they had only returned from a trip to Maneroo two days before, so are not idle. The weather has been very fine lately, cool nights and not too hot days. River now crossable for teams. There are no stock movements to report. Captain W. H. P. Hains, R.N.R., the com- modore of the Cunard fleet, sailed on 4th April in the Royal mail steamer Etruria upon his 501st trip across the Atlantic. Captain Harris, whose father and grandfather were sailors before him, was born at Plymouth. His sea career commenced in 1838, when in Jersey he joined as an apprentice the ship City of Adelaide, belonging to London. He served the whole of his apprenticeship upon that vessel, and subsequently passed through the various grades of officers, until within seven years of first joining her he became her commander. From her he received promotion to larger ships in the capacity of master, until, in 1857, he first joined the Cunard service as officer. In the same year he was promoted to the chief officers of the Emu a steamer of the company detailed for Australian service, and from this vessel he passed to other vessels of the fleet, until in the year 1864 he was appointed to his first command in the service. For over thirty years Captain Hains has regularly traversed the Atlantic. A startling incident occurred at the anniversary services of the West United Presbyterian Church at Kirriemuir entirely without a parallel in the memory of the oldest inhabitants. On the afternoon of Sunday, 5th April, the minister was calmly preaching his sermon, when a modern Jenny Geddes, infuriated at one of the male members of the choir being asleep, hurled her Bible at the head of the delinquent from the gallery where she was sitting. The Bible missed the sleeper, but struck the shoulder of another man in the choir, who started-up amazed. The minister became pale, paused in his discourse, and exclaimed, "What's wrong ?" " The Bible struck the wrong man," she cried, rising up in her now, although her friends vainly attempted to hold her down, " was. meant to weaken the sinful' sleeper." Strange to say, all present retained their gravity, not the ghost of a smile becoming apparent on the faces of the infinitely tickled and astounded congregation. For perfect and painless Dentistry, go to Baum garde's, Victoria Bridge Pharmacy and DenU' Chambers, Stanley-street.-[AdvtJ i 