The sews recently received that Lon don Punch has been formally excluded from Russia because it had published certain verses reflecting upon the Ozar's treatment of the Jews, invites special attention to that most singular institution — the Russian censorship. To say that it is an anachronism is only to regard it by the social and political standards, which like the Grand Inquisitor in the Gondoliers, are 'right up to date.' But the anomaly presented is that the Russian date is, in this particular, centuries behind. In fact it has never had a parallel in English history, and accord ingly civilised people marvel at its barbaric methods more than they would at seeing, in this day of maga zine rifles, a regiment of Russian Guards exercising with the old match lock. The latter they could assign to a date and an era, however remote; but the censorship as practised in Russia they are utterly unable to place? To people who have, for the most part,, known nothing but British rule, and have been accustomed to regard the liberty of the Frees as a condition indispensable to the existence of a freo people, it seems almost incredible that the Government of a mighty Kmpire should concern itself about the deliver ances of a comic journal printed in a language that not one man in a thou sand throughout the country can understand. But the Russians are not a free people. They are the victims of a brutal despotism which can only co-exist with an ignorance almost as brutal. To maintain this there must be excluded every ray of light that can tend to dispel the gloom ; every utter aooe that can possibly prompt even one mini to more vigorous energy in analysing the degrading character of the present tyranny. Hence the asserted official opening of all sardine tins, because it was found that some boxes bad oontaiaed printed matter of a revolutionary character. Hence the more recent prohibition against the publication of any articles relating to the Jews and their treatment in Russia or elsewhere ; and henoe the particu larly dignified exclusion of Punch. In its way no higher compliment could be paid to the journal, which oertaioly knows how to make those whom it assails wince and writhe under its cen sure. Its respect for European Royalty has not increased one whit nines the time when, after the barbarities of the last Sctleswig- Holstein campaign, it reeted the ' decoration of Jthe Prinoaof Wales with the Prussian order of the Black Eagle, in perhaps the most vigo rou* Jin^»t«m contained j—j ''Takeiask— and in thy dastard faoe ~ ? As hard as Bnsland'a might can fling Thebwlge that wouW .Jog dlsgrato, Thou 0«itiff thtt *rt named a king.' Such gentle courtesies are not likely to rscape recognition when the will to Rjbaliate, however feebly, is backed by the power. This would lend to explain tbe display of impotent anger recently indulged in, while it attracts the eon tempt of the world to the system under which it la possible. A writer in the Fortntgha*/ RcbUXb, addressing himself to the. subjectj remarks: — 'It would be difficult to imagine a code of regu lations .mere childishly pedantic; more wantonly irksome than the 306 para graphs, of which the Censure Laws are ctinposed, and which, comprehen sive though they are; constitute but the warp of the web, the woof being made of secret instructions and galling pro hibitions which would seem positively ludicrous to a Chinaman and oppressive to a Turk.' Thus the postal Censure concerns itself with the mass of foreign reviews, newspapers, books, and printed matter of all descriptions, not exoept rag music, which has to pass under daily scrutiny. If the publications contain matter objectionable to the Jensor, and tt is seldom they do not, he passsges are cross-hatched with ink io as to be utterly defaced and ob iterated ,' or if the trending matter ?uns, over several leaves they are out but Mdily. A newspaper so treated often presents the appearance of a very ir regularly colored draught-board, in which the black squares have the ad rantage of the white, represented by the undefaoed matter. Then the jhanoes are that, whether approved or condemned, neither the sender nor the person to whom it is addressed will ever wt eyes on it again, and but a very 9mall proportion of the printed matter mailed ever gets beyond the Censor's department. The domestic press cen sorship is still more galling since with a certain space to fill, the editor and his staff work accordingly. Then at the last moment, while the formes are all ready to go to press, awaiting only the return of the proofs submitted to the Censor, articles may be con demned either in whole or part, and matter so be-devilled generally as to leave the unfortunate editor with little else than Holloway's Ointment, Pears' Soap, or Weston's Wizard Oil to fall back upon as leader matter and general news of tbe day. As it affects a traveller's personal belongings the Censure ordains that all books and papers in the possession of strangers or natives crossing the Russian frontier be taken from them and forwarded to the Censure committee oi the nearest city, which may bo hundreds of miles distant from the traveller's destination, and the circumstance that these are well known Russian works published in the Empire and bearing the imprimatur of the Censure upon the fly-leaf ia not enough to ensure exemption from this costly and irritating formality. The Review writer says : — '* In this manner Rubenstein's musical manuscripts were taken from him, as they aroused the suspicion of tbe officials, and the Cen fcure in the fullness of time either con fiscated or lost them. The maestro never saw them any more. A traveller who should take his Encyclopedia Britannica with him would probably be annoyed to see himself deprived of it on the frontier, and exasnerated to find on receiving it back that hundreds of paragraphs had been blackened with printer's ink, snd scores of pages cut out in a most slovenly manner.' The process seems as pitiable in ita impo tence as it is contemptible in its tyranny. The most that official bar barism can effect in Russia is to delay the inevitable, and to make the final revolt against this reign of ignorance like the breaking forth of waters. Despite all thit despotic power can accomplish the light will spread, and serried bayonets will prove powerless to bear back the onward march of intellect. The forces are already in operation which will overthrow the system thus based upon a perversion of all natural rights Their activity in the past has lonf since reduced the Imperial master of millions to the condition of a hypo chondriac, dominated by an abiding terror and starting at his own shadow. Despite ten thousand Censors this struggle for freedom will continue until it is successful, and then with the liberty of tbe people will be perma nently secured the equal liberty of the Press. Jdvcntli OrHKAOoMPAMy— This even ing 'The Mikado' will be introduced to Launcesron by a strong Juvenile Opera Company, which makes its first appearance on a Taemanian stage. ibeUJiputiinsbave been busy at rehearsal ever since their arrival under the direction of Mr Tom Pollard, and we are given to understand the opera will be handsomely dressed and staged with attention to detail. The suc cess of ' The Mikado' is due te the charm ing music with which it abounds, while all through the vein the humor is fresh and thoroughly CJilbertian. The box plan is now available, but early application is necessary to secure » good seat. Thb CotuioHwBAijTn Bill. — The Hon Adye Douglas, who was one of the Tbb manian representatives at tbe recent Federation Convention, will give an ad dress on the Commonwealth Bill, at the Temperance Hall, on Wednesday. The meeting is under the auspices of tbe lla-iicipsl and Political Reform Associa tion, and the chrir will be taken by the Mayor at 8 o'clock. PiSTOHAL, FlBAKCK, TbCST AMD AGBNCT Compibtt or Acer-B.t2.i8n, iraiTiD.— An eztraordinery general meeting of tbe above company will be beld at the office of the company, at Sydney, on the 6th pro* , when resolutions will be submitted proposing an firm of Messrs J H Qeddos end Co. (the FaBtorallsts Association, Limited). Tas msnian shareholders are requested to Fend proxies made out in the chairman's name, and wbicb should be received by him prior Mabonio —The Eev. E. D. Poulett-Hams, Grand Master of Tasmania, will arrlva from Hob&rt; by tbe express train to-morrow, accompanied by several of the officeis, and in the evening will conduct tbe installation c-romony at tbe Lodge of Hope, No. 4, T.C. As this ii an emergency meeting, no other bn'in«e will be takin except the installa tion oE W.M. and investment of officers. The lodge will meet at 7 p.m., and visitors will be admitted np to 7'30, when the Grand Master and hU officers enter, and the ceremony will be commenced. A strong Masonic cboir will assist, using tbe selec tions compiled by thn Grand Director of Music of the Grind Lodge of New South Wales, with which they express themselvts highly pleased. This will be the first official visit paid to the North by the Grand Master, and a number of visitors from country as well as from the local lodges are antici pate. Thb Coducm Moth.— The provisions of he Qodlln Moth Act require that ell ban dages sball be finally removed and cleansed before the 30th of June in each year. An advertisement is inserted1 in to-day's issue by the local inspector under the Act draw ing the attention of the occupiers of orchards to the regulation, the time allowed lor compliance with which order expires to-morrow (Tuesday). AOCroBRTOH.XHB WlsOUUCBilLWAT. —A man named Bury Bloke wu ianforra toate enough to nave ids left leg broken between the knae and 'Ihe ankle on Bator; day morning. He was. engaged at the ballast pltai which are situated about two miles on the Devonnort fide oE Ulverstone, C: the Western Baaway. -in looking after »» brakes of UtU m$Z, and parely by an accident got his .leg crushed VennS. the buffer of one truck and the framework Cf another. Ths collision had the efleot of making Bb leg, wbtcfiWU afterwords set by Dr. Sprott, of Olverstone. Mr Blake came on to Launceston by the last Western tftintheeune day, and ins admitted into the accident ward of the hospital TutfaBAnM MBBinro.— It will be (ten from anaOvertiatinent In another column that oepeclol effort In th« way of temper* anoelstobemode ata great Jneetfng .to- morrow night at the MeUianic7 InBtRitt. She Bishop of Tasmania has consented to take the ibBlr, and will also speak on the: exceedingly fioporant subject 'Temper- ance ana the Church ot England,' Mr B. A. Tarlton, J.P., has been allotted ' BrltlBh : Iisgisiation,' and 'Temperanot in Tas mania' will be very properly left in the. hands ot the Eev. Charles Prices, toe bishop o[ temperance In this Island. The -wide extending subject, 'Temperance In rela tion to society,' Mr Bobert Xermode, ol Mona Vale, will speak upon, and in tue good, hands it will be well handled A special aature of the meeting; and which may 6 jmmead itself to many, ii that there wul be only one resolution placed baton the audience, bnt that one will be of a very Important character, and a vote will be taken urwntha anutiDn— 'Shall the law or the land be enforced in relation to the drink traffic r' Ba jd Thbitbb— The double bill, ' The Mexican Tigress' and 'Lady Audley's Becretj- proved a good 4r»w*t .the BiJpu, Taes.tr* aa Saturday, wnere the Marian Willis' Dramatic Company concluded the second week of their season. The enter tainment was varied by an exhibition, of vsnueloqulsm by Master W. Dudley, a. younggentleman who ia undoubtedly gifted In this myBterious art. Another 'BUver medal was presented to the beet all-round player In the football match that afternoon, who proved to be Mr W. Vimpany, of the South Launceston team. This evening 'The Woman against the World' will be stagel. Special BhibpTbaihs —During yester day four epedal trains arrived in Launces ton, conveying about £000 ttud sheep, which are destined for the Bales shortly to be held in Sydney. Some of these animals will be shipped in the eve. Corinna, which eails from Souveare at 3 p.m. to-morrow for Bydney, and the remainder an to be sent by the b.b. Santon, which it is ex pected will arrive in Launceston to-day from Melbourne. The Santon is tuned to sail early on Tuesday morning. Hxoebnio Cokgbmb..— Notwithstanding tbe opposition which has been made to Mr &. jnAuit, oi me centra i-oeni oi neaiui, proceeding to Ea&land; to npresent the cdony at the Hygienio Congress to be held in London in August, that gaatleman lelt the colon; for the purpose on Saturday per b.b. Coogee. Labckny— A man named William Ferry was arrested on 6aturday on a charge of stealing a watch and several gold rings, with other jewellery, the property of the woman with whom he w*s living. Ht- will be charged with tbe effence at the City Police Court this morning. FALSBPaBTSHCss.-At the City Police Court on Saturday, before Mr Q. W. Water houso, P.M., Junes Herbert Lumsden was charged on remand from the 22nd instant with obtaining money and goods by means of folee pretences. The evidence of Mr W. F. Fetterd.went to prove that tbe accused purchased a pair of leggings at bis shop on the morning of the l'2ib inst., and tendered a cheque on the National Bank for £16, and signed by himself. He received £14 0s Sd change, but when bis chiqae was presented at the bonk it was dishonored. Witness wrote to the prisoner on the sub ject, and received a reply in which he expressed surprise at the occurrence. The cheque had since been presented at tbe F. W. B. Bidgway also gave evidence, which was in tffect lint he was ledgu- kseper at the National Bank. The accused opened an account at that bank on the 12th inst with £12, and during the same day drew£10, and since that date baddrawn varioussmall sums, wbicb now left a balance of 10s. The cheque produced had been presented at the bank, but as it was not provided for it had been dishonored. The accused theu asked for the case to be further adjourned to allow him to call a witness. The Bench adjourned the case until Monday. Fcbuc Woskb TtujttRB —The following public works tenders have been accepted : —Boia, Ouse to Victoria Valley, contract 2, J. Bowerman, jun., £114 Is; n»d,Hope toun to Bamiuea, contract 2, T. A Davia, £100; road, Frankford to Cotton's Hill, contract S, Q. and J. W. Hins, £370; bridges over Boss's Bivulet at White miu, A H. and L. Flummer, £267 lls, at Peter's Ford, A. H. and L. Plummer, £199 lie; | road, Surges Bay to Bsperance (deviation), ' contract 12, A, B. and A. H. Street, £433 14e 7d; road, Cradoc Kill, near Griffith's contract, 1, Garth and Griffith, £81 17s 6d; i road, Kuiherford'e road, contract 2, W. , Purvis, £89 8s 41; road, Collins' and Bin kin's, west from Hall's Track, contract 1, J. Miller, jun., £120; road, from Fiper'e Biver road, via White's, Urch'a, and other?, to Lisle, contract 1, J. and iL O'LougBlin. £119 lie 3d; road, parishes of Anetey, Maxwell and Milton, road. Tunbridga to Grott Lake, contract 3, Scurr and Bidgers, £287 Is 9d. Tii* tender of A. X. and A. H. Street for Bluertv'e Pjint Jetty and ap proach, Franklin district, gazetted April 14. 1891, is cancelled. The tender for contract 3, roads, parishes of Anscey, Maxwell, aid Hilton, road Taubridge to Great Lake, KtMtted June 2, 1891, is withdrawn. The tender of Bapp end Dilger for contract 1, road, Apaley to Cranbr.ok, gatelted June 23, 1891, at £105 3s 61, is corrected to £105 6s. De. IUdbbly's Lbctubbs — In the Y M.C.A. lecture room yesterday afternoon. Dr. Uaberly continued his course of lectures upjn the Divine ordinances, de livered to and practised by tbe cbi.'dres of Israel in connection with tbe sacrifices, the sub j set being the ' Meat Offering.' At the outset of the address a distinction was shown between tbe idea conveyed by cBt ings brought by heathen nations to appease an aDgry god, and the means adopted by Jabovah to draw his children to Him. The meat efferisg w-js not to be confounded with an off ering for sin, atonement for sin cnild only ba by tho shedding of blood, but was merely to be regarded in the light of a gift, a present, and as a form of warship. The ingredients of the ofTeiing were referred to, and tb-ir meanings were explained, thus tbe fine flour was shown to represent Cbrist'e perfect holy nature, tbe oil with which it was mixed, tbe Holy Ghost, the frankincense with which it was perfumed typified the graces which characterised Uis betvenly life, and the salt HU incorruptible natura and the ever lasting character of Ilim6e!f, and tbe covenant made by Him on behalf of all bs'.leverj. EVANDALK.-Our correfpondmt wrote on Saturday: The Saturday issue of the naily Teltgraph Is ipokea very highly of on Evandale, people having to give tbree days'notice to the local agent to secureacopy. I have been present and heard 9d offered firasidgte copy. —Toe early Bown wf-eat is coming up very thin, and the farmers say it is on eccount of the dry seapo-. Several farmers hove told me that grub is r-n be seen in the wheat and oate that have just come up above the ground, and num bers of large grasshoppers are also to be seen. — A meeting of the committee end those interested in holding a ploughing match at Evandale is to take piece n«t week, to draw np a programme for the next 4u«iwj — ai luc ijuuuuu unamosrs mere l£ a pap-r inviting signatures of ratepayers, asking the Warden to call a meeting at an early date to bear tbe opinion of the public Kvand iqertion a kying on of water at We are roqueirte-l by the chiinnan of tbe spelling competition beld at tb» Mecbasia' Institute on Friday emoninir, to state tbat Master J. Dean was tbe winner of the prize tut under IS yan» of age. Meeting City Band Bt St. John'.aohoolroom 7 '30 to-dsy. Hem.. Waloh B-oMisra and BirchaJl for ward a copy ol the Young Ladies' Journal tat July. It i« notified that Smitb'a lloyal Hail coaches will carry passengers from Bcoltlda'fi to nortb-eait tomubip at reduced rates. School duties will be resumed at tbe Tjadias' EWjooI, aroriboniuga-rtreet, Longford, on Tueeday.Julrli. 