threeMdsonaMle. 1 . Bi B. L. FABJEON. A i.eabned bishop has deolared that the night before men and women aremar ried should be spent in solitude and; devoted to. prayer, repentance, and1 .-meditation ; but a bishop may be very learned, and yet deficient m common; sense. Miss Adelaide Dorr, Who wais ! to be married to-morrow to Mr. Arthur Goooh, had several sisters, two . brothers, and the usual number of parents. With all these around her, I popping in and out, asking questions, ; making remarks, laughing, [ crying, teasing, and kissing,' and tryingon things, you may imagine the state she j ?was in. Arthur had put in an ap pearanoe, bat he had'gone away early, he had so mnoh to do to oomplete bis arrangements for to-morrow. There was of course a tender leave- taking in the passage, - from which Adelaide came in rather quieter-than usual, bat ehe was notallowed tobeqniet long. Xhe .entire .house was in a flutter of excitement, andhad.tbe charming girl expreasedadMire for jolitude, for the purpose ; .$(;?; following the learned bishop's advice; it would instantly have been feared that, the proBpeot of ap proaching bliss .had turned her head. She bad no wish for solitude, and as to .having anything to' repent, the idea was monstrous and absurd.-. There is little donbt that before she : fell asleep on. this important night in be.r,yonng life, she would breathe, a prayer,. but it would not ' be exactly such a,. prayer as the tishop ha^ in view. And it is true shejtbougbt a great deal of Arthur; indeed she thought of. little else— a statement, perhaps, which my female readers will dispute when they take into consideration the wedding-dress and the trousseau.. All loan Advance in proof of niy assertion is that Ade laide .was very muqh-in Jove, and that tbbre are ciroumstances— rare, I grant \- ^in whiioh. dress does, not oconpy the first pUoe in'.a woman's mind. . Neither 'did yArthurOppch, who was aa. mnoh in love as Adelaide, spend thejaaf night .of his ; bachelor's exist: ones \in solitude And, ; repentance. When heileft Adelaide, he jumped into a hansom an^ .was .4riven ..,to Lis ohiimbers, where, heexpected to find a letter of pressing importance. , He was not a! man of. fortune; he bad;good prospeots, whioh were almost certain of .realisation, and he [had a little, in vestment or/two that paid, him fair in terest, and which could not, without, loss,, be. turned immediately into' oath;' Now 1 the expenses of the ooming wedding, and the furnish ing and 'decoration of a house he had taken en lease, had made'mbre serious inroads on his bank -aooount than he expected . Calculating the expenses of the honeymoon trip on the -continent, bo found that he would run- short of money, and in this dilemma he -ap- plied' to a friend, Jack Stevens by name, for a- loan of seventy -five pounds, which, with seventy-five of bis own', whioh' he had by him, would carry him and his pretty bride oom fortably through. It was Jaok Stevens' answer to his letteraskinglorthe loan that he was expecting as he rode to bis ' chambers with the . image of Adelaide in' hie mind. 'What a dear girl sbe was I Was there eversnoh another ? Was he not the happiest man in tbe world? And so on, and so on. Who is not familiar with a triielover's rhap sodies ? Arthur was the sort of man who would have rivalled Orlandoi had the positions been similar. He would have carved Adelaide's name on every tree. ' ? 1 Bunning up to his rooms, whioh were at the top;of the house, he found baUa . dozen letters in his letter-box. ' It may be mentioned that. Jack Stevens would have been his best, man had. it not been, that his presence was im peratively. demanded in: another part of; tbe country on the .-day of the wed' ding,- . It waa provoking, bnt . it oould not be helped. ; : '.Dear Arthur,!' said Jack-Stevens . in bis letter, ' certainly you foan have thejnpjiey, and more if you want it. As time is so short, I do aot carejisk ingit, through the poBt, and a crossed cheque might not suit you. . , I have to catoh an early train in jthe morning for Manchester, .as you 'know, but . I BhaU-b? ftt Lady Weston. White's.' At Home,' . between eleven 'and twelve o'clock tornight. . I saw a card- for the crush stuck .in your.' looking-glass. Look me up there andlwill hand you tbe^otes. . i am awfully sorry to give yon .the .trouble, but I can't com; to yon, and i am anxious to, be oertain that youare properly; furnished before -yoiyi&dypur; bride ;etart for Paradise. Always youre, dear boyJ jAO£.' j : , '. Lady Weston White was not one of .Aith^'a Mtimate friends, but be was on Bpc3i|yind Jje^gen^rally, Received: Cardafrornjher thjse pr. four timeein th^:^onr8e.jaf^thejye^7-LSej})i^'#ot intended to (go to ber house in 0roB venor:street op this ; occasion, bat. -' Ja^kJsiettejP fettled i|,and;iegpt;i}nt ' ayyajiot^ whlchbe oaloulated would ke e p him np ,, to, one o'clock. in ithe. .morning; Well.libwbnld hayeio'sfbpnp toother* hotjror sp, that was 'all. At half-past \- eleven 1$ gulphed in, one of tbpBe London crowds of .ladieB and gentlemen whioh contribute 'to (he suooess of a London Beaton, |. V The beautiful yhonse was liteialiyjpa&eii;;;^ , watj,^ ^bjk of.fleyerat' minutes,, »n-L to . vasjiv Assemblage a matter of pbjnBideir-' able difficulty. It. . was' a notable gathering ; the Wie of moiety' .were.; present', distinguished men and fair women, and Arthur, as be squeezed, bis way along, thought he had never seen so wonderful a ? profusion of diamonds and lovely dresses.' The ladies seemed to vie with each other in the display of jewels. They glittered in the hair,, round the necks, in the ears, on the arms and bosoms, on ahoes, and fans, and ravishing gowns ; and Arthur observed that, a new fashion was ooming into' rogue,. . diamond buttons on ladies' gloves. 'If Bhy of the. light-fingered fraternity were here,' thought Arthur, ' they oould. gather a fine harvest j' and b aid-aloud, ' Allow me.' A lady had flipppeaher fan,ftpd ArtJjuripftriaged to xesone it from the ornsb of feet. It sparkled with, diamonds*., A.t . length Arthur reaobed tbe hostess, who held out two fingers to him.. Lady Weston White was a woman of great penetration . add, -as .became a society loader, of perfept 'self-posses- sion. She never forgot .a face nor a aironmetaueel and.'aa nlie wiiB at lire. sent in the performance o/.her arduous duties, remembered that Ajtbnr Goooh was to be.married within afew.hoiirs ; she , remembered ..also, that to ber E.S.Vii?. ehe had received a line from him. r^grettinghecould not abpept her kind invitation, She 'eaid nothing bo^verer, bcit gaya bun 'rather a Qua* tioning look, as' he passed on to allow other guests behind biin to pay their reBpeotB to their hostess, . The look puzzled him somewhat; it' seemed to ask, ''What brinjgs you here 1 ' He. hstd quite . forgotten that he bad ' deolined hor invitation. . At lengtb, 'aftef mnobi .. polite, squeezing and hustling, after.'drbppuig bis band-, kerchief an^'. picking : it c' rip again, to the annoyance ' of spme. peighbours wbo h^ Becotne ^x^eeyand'bbnl'd scarcely move for the orusb. he saw Jabk Stevens in;tbe distance.. Tbey. were; both' tall mbn, and oommunioa tion being established between .' them they made Simultaneous efforts to. get to each other. This . accomplished, Arthur hooked Jack's arm. and said :; ' Let.ue {get out of this aB quiok as, .we can.' . It happened that, Lady 'Weston. White was olose enough 'to hearL, these words, of whioh faot Arthur was ob livious, but as they moved on he turned' in her direction, and caught another strange 'look from her. .... 'What on. earth does she' look at me' in .that manner for?' be thought.. 'One, might suppose I came without an in vitation.' He and Jaok got their hats and ooatf, an^ .gpiflg. fro^lihe house, . sttpped'at the oorner of a Btreet a few yards off. ' I haven't & moment to spare, .Arthur,' gaid'Jaok, w-16bjr haVe ^ob, I should imagine. I had 'almoBt given ' ybu'np.; it is a meroy we ineVbaoh* iotber in -that crowd.' He: took out' ; his 'pocket-book.- 'I would %alk: home j ? with yon, old felloWj if I bad time ; iybu mttst take'tbe 'will for the deed?' . '' -All right, old man,' said Arthur ;; it was very good of yoia to take all this 'trouble for me. ' I don't know how it was -I mieoalcnlated my fiflanoas so stupidly.' ; ' ' ' Oh 1 these hocidents happen to all ' of ns. Feel nervous about tomor :row y » 1 ? ? ? : 'It makes me rather serious, yon' know.' . 'Of course.' Wish I could be there. Now, no nonsenee, Arthur.- . Will Beventy-five be enough ? Isn't it out ting'it tather olose? Don't spoil the honeymoon for a ha'porth of tar. You ban have a oouple of hundred if yon like. I've got it by me.' , ''Well, make it a hnndreel,' said Arthur. ' It will be safer perhaps. Adelaide might take afanoy to a new bonnet.' ' Or to some ohocolate creams, or to the moon and stars,' said Jaok, with a good-humoured smile, ' and yon'd get them for her. Say a hundred and fifty.' All right. A hundred and fifty.' Jaok Btevens, shaded by his friend's tall form— ior several persons passed them as they were: talking— counted out thirty fiye-ponnd Bank of England notes, and slipped them into Arthur's hand. — ' Thank you, | Jack.' . , 'Not necessary!': -3ood-night, old fellow, and good luck to yon- ' KisB the pretty bride: ior me, and give ber my. love.' ' I will, old man.' A few .minutes afterwards, Arthur Gooch was in his chambers, 'clearing up,' as. be .called it. He wanted. to leave things :as orderly as be could, and. in : the - accomplishment of this laudable dpeign tbere was a great deal to do. All the time, he was writing and : tearing - bp papers and 'burning thern,: and packing 'bags and 'port manteanx, be was thinking of Ade laide, ' . ' Dear little woman 1M wonder if sheis aBleep: .She basn't. left things to the last as I have done. Altogether too tidy for that. . While l am fossing about in this musty room — what a cosy neBt we shall come borne to after . the . honeymoon 1 — there she lies, ivith fl emile .on.her, pretty mouth, dieam ing. of mo. Your health.-my darling 1' He had opened a bottle of ohata pagne, of whiohhe had aheadydrunk a; glass,., and: now be poured out another, and as he held it dp to the : dight he saw Adelaide's bright eyes amid the sparkling babbles. . . ' ''-Your . health, my darling, and O-ed blessyopi' . :. : Hedrainedthe glass, and set it down. ; It wa^ £0ally-a love match,' of which Anegp jarejapre .in^this prosaic World j itliaa;byniM^ 'will:a|miji.s XbeB.e yoimg ipeople ? natft y ,;!^pij.di^)) cc^Bh. :a&erf;'w$ji£njQwg bearts ^orila^iave) i\:: : ^'jA^ljp^'set tbe.£iMBjUpp^:thA.table. ;nitb;a tender .Ugbt m biejeyep, and^is : he di4^o 1ie(hearda aing at^he .str^etr: dpor bel6'w. , As thas ibeepj etated/ his, chambers were at the tp^ of the honse; : ; |-iit _ ey^thing wjs jjjfyj quiet,'': Sand : thbt is ' -why he , heard ^he bell Bo plainly. , ' The window, of thf.rpsm, in yrbibh he ^as .?jrcrjung 'Jooked(.,^ ^ out npon the stoeet. He.took' no notioeof ..the jringingfrand proceededi^reamily , with bis paoking. The wine Jm, jiad drjink .'inteneified biuL,:!jBsntimental mpodj and he paused many tint^s.tP, -gaze* upjjn jthe portrait ^;pf his ;darling whieli .stpod in the centre of.. the mantelpieoe. .It .was a speaking like- . iiess/bf the beantiful ;fape ; the ey?s Boejried to look at him with looks of. love; ihe lovbly lips, seemed to say, '. I love you, I love you.' And Arthur piresBedJbia lips to the sweet faoe, . and murmured in fesponsej/'vl lpye yon, I; lovb yon.l ' With all .my . heart , and soul,' I love you, and wUl be' true to you.' . ; .v.! Sndclenly ,'it. occurred ,'|o him;that the1 strebt-dppr hell.opntinned to ring. ?be bound. jarreS ; .upon .bis-, ears. Throwing .pp, . liii,. .^in.dpw . -he leaned . forward, '.and, at., tlie' top of his voibe , inquired who i| ^as that continued to ring so pertinaoipuBly. ,~'I'iiave bbme; to . see Mr. Arthur. -Joooh,'waB theaeswer, ' To see me ?' [he cried in. wonder;. 'Yob, you,' if you are Mr. Goooh.' 'What for?' ' On most partioular business.' Wondering more and more, the yonng man ran down the stairs -hd opened the strcet-dopr. In iho dim light' be ,saw tbe figure of a gentleman with wboBe faoe he was'.not 'familiar. ' What do you -want with* me ?' be asked. ? : . -1- ' - . ' ; ' ' ' It . will be' beat ior us to speak privately,' replied 'tlie stranger. 'It is a most delicatf matter.' 'A most Celibate matter I' stam mered Arthur. ' A most delicate matter 1' repeated i the stranger in a grave tone. ' The 'young man did not reflect Upon tbe imprudence of asking a 'stranger up tb bis rooms at such an hour of the night. With the exception of the housekeeper, who odoupied the base ment, and who had been heard to de clare that nothing less than an earth quake would -wake hbr onoe she was asleep', Arthur ; Godch fwas ' the enly night resident' in- the house. All the' chambers, with the exception of his, were let as offices, and weire tenanted, only during the day: It is scarcely' probable bowevn,' if Arthur '' had' given'tbe mattet a thought, theit he would have acted differently.. _ Here waB ia stranger paying hitii a visit, at' an 'untimely hour it was true, but upon a delicate matter,' %hich had beet be dibcloBed in private'. Arthur ; w^s a man of muBole, ' and' stpod six feet and half-ah-inolT inhis stocking feet. The man who had intruded 'himself upon him was about .five feet eight, a weed of a' main ' in ' comparison with him. There was, moreover, no 'lack of physical courage in Arthur — a ' quality, it may be remarked; very' .different indeed from tnprail cburage, in which Tespect a pigmy may be euperior to a giant;'' . ' Oome Upf' said Arthur, and the two men ascended the stairs. ' Now/'; he said, when they were together^ in . his room, with the door .dosed, ' yo.u Bee that- 1 a'm very busy,. 'Explain . your biran'd ;as bwfeflylw pbBBible, What ia this delicate'mbiter'you speak ' bf? ' I '.have notthepleieure of 'your i ^oquaintanoe. Olii' he said, lboking at' a d'ard presented by 'his visitor, ' Mr/F. Foreman. , Your name ie -ae strange to me as your ,faoe. Who are Jou ? What are you , : ' I am a private , detebtive,' said Mr. P. Foreman. r i ; 'A private detective,' cried Arthur, , with ian ominous ftp w'n. ' And what busineBS can you have with me at [this hour of the night ? I've] a. mind, to pitch you out pf the windop?.' . , ; : , ' Don^t try it,' Bail Mr. Pi Fore man. 'I should be bound to resist,. j and my Bbouts would be .'oertain to. ^ring someone tp my ' assistance. As to my businofls, it is, ^b I have in- . formed you, of a delicate nature.' . ; ' Speak in ple.in English if you have . any regard for yourself.' . ? 'It is a. very simple affair,' said, Mr. P. Foreman; ' and it rests .with you whether I shall. take my leave bf you with an apolpgy, or adopt other . measures. You were at Lady Weston . White's ' At Hpme ' a oouple pf hours agp.' ' I was. What pf it ?' . . ' I am employed by ber ladyship,' proceeded Mr. P. Foreman. ' ShS has given other - At Homes ' this sea aon.' ' She has, and I have been present at tbem.' 'So. I understand.' Very serious things have ooohrred at those parties of her ladyship's at -which you were present. Some of ber guestB have made complaints to ber, and it ii only at great expense and' trouble that these oomplaints, and their very seri ous nature, have beeh kept out of the Booioty papers.' ' ' What bas all tliisrhodomontade to do with me ? ' demanded Arthur, im patiently.- ' I am 'about to teU you. Valuable ' diamonds have bebii' Joat at her lady ship's - At HoineBl' and haye not been recovered. Her'lady'ship is Naturally anxTpns to 'put a stbp to this; and to bring the—' (Mr. P. 'Foreman hesi tated, And chose another word than the one he - intended to use)— ' the offenders to justioe.' ! ' 'Quite proper,' said Arthur. 'Go on, and' cut it short.' . , . ' ' The 'display to-night was -.bril- liant; and knowing tbat 'it would be so her ladyship employed' me and pne or two Others to keep 'watch ; upon sus- ° pibious 'persons. As you flee'— he unbuttoned his light overcoat—' I atn' in evening dress. I was supposed to be: present'' as a''jguest;:bntTwasfeally' there 'in my1 !pr6fessiohal -'capacity keppib'g my : eyes' open. Had it been regular pic¥ppokets . whom' ber lldy- ' .'ship 'suspected. -I should 7 have found ' it aneasyjob^ asUcnow most of theni ' but it ' was'pot. She snspebted 'certain' \- gentlemen tfp'oh herTist, to' whom ehe' \- was ibi'the habit of'Behdingcards.' ' ^'-rl^,-iP-^femian.^o'ke in% 'sig&ifi;'' ?oai[it®jne, 4fid ;tbere iwab lip MiBtakinfe: i iiis fiietfoing. 'AjthurlSughea ^ : ' '- ? ; « i' 1S3 jsbip : do 'ime ' the hononr'to'iBnspebt me'?' ; , ; . ? ]' it'ain not ;at libbrtyfto say j 'my1 ' orders Me 'to. spfeak kibt one' -word that ' i might pbiiiprdniisa he'r ladyship;' ' . \- , A ' very ? --p'bdB'nt instruction. Well ?'-c v'''-'.- '? Oertain artiblerbf jewellery baye bebn^ lost to-night ' in 'her lady'ship's' hons'e. ? A- 'oresoent -'diamond broboh, another 'with 1 a ' de'vioe1 ! bf 'threb'birds ' en ta^Btile.'-ahd a ~pin of linlliant'B with 1 pearl in the centre, There lnay W othef artioles missing/ ittt we liav^' not heard of -'them. ?i fOf ,the I'three oinaments ^Ibave -men tioned'the 'tihei ino^t easily traoed is the 'three-birds- - on-ia-stile broooh; -Tbe birds ate'! ; perched' upon a btile of gold ; t «|be' -ie set [with sapphires;1 one with brilllants, and one with rubies. ' I remarked to her ladyship that ' it was a: pretty devioe. She is quite determined to^ ' make the matter publio, and to uting \- the— the offenders to justioe -with'eut : an ibonr'e delay, if we are fortunate enough to traokihem down.' 'I* infer,' said Arthur, glaring 'at his i visitor, ' from tbe very guarde'd answer you gave to' a question I put to yon that ber ladyship really does sus pect me. I am greatly obliged to lrar ladyship.'' - He- recalled the . strange ?looka which 'Lady Weston White . had ; given him'/ iand belieVed thttt h'b could - sow interpret them, ^e elrtide tb the door and threw it open. ' If you have any regard for your bones, you will now take your departure. I give you jast one minute;' . ' If you sendme away unsatisfied,' eaid Mr. P. Foreman,' composedly, 'I shall, in aocordance with instructions reoeived, have yon arrested first thing in the morning, ?abd brought before a magistrate on a 'distinct charge.' Arthur's heart, seemed suddenly to cease beating. Tbere was no mistaking that the man was in deadly earnest, and would carry out his threat. What.! To.be arrested on the very morning of bis wedding,!' True, the charge'' was, false and monstrous, but it .would.take' time to prove it so, and meanWhile— — .-'Y?b, meanwhile, there was Adelaide in her bridal droas. waiting for her bridegroom. Indignant as he was he oohld not but inwardly acknowledge that his best oonrse. would be to hush up the affair if possible — not for hiB own sake, 'but for Adelaide's. Tbe shobk to her feelings * would be too great;, she might never ;reooyer from it, and the fytppinesB of her life might be for ever destroyed. Mr.-.P. Fore mbn, staudin^'ratber timidly near tbe open door, [kept his eyes fixed upon ' Arthur's faoe. He shrank back as ' Arthur approached him, , ' I am not going to hurt you,' said tbe young man. . ' Oome in and Bhut the door,' Mr. P. Foreman obeyed. ' You sa'id at tbe commencement of this interview that it rested with' me whether you would take leave of me , with1 an ' apology,' or adopt other measures. By other measures you meant my arrest'.' Mr. P. Foreman nodded. 'But how do you propose to arrive at the apology ? ' ' It iB 'entirely in your hands,' 'replied 'Mf.' P. Foreman. ' YoU have; only td prove ybur innocence; and I apologise. ' Her 'ladyship trust's every 'thing' to me, -nd will' be guided [entirely by : tho report I present to her.'' ' ' I' bavb'l6nly' to prove .my inno cence 1' ' -exdlaimed Arthur.' ' But '. ibo^r can that, be done if you will not' tike m'y word'for'it ? I swear to you :tliat f tM inh'P'oent, and I deolarb this to be a:foul: abd monstrous oharge, for ?whioh, if I am pnt to any inconveni enbd or annoyance, I will' make ber ladyship and all ooncerned'in it Buffer. Now are- yon .satisfied ?' i That is not what I meant,' said Mr. P.' Foreman, quietly. ' What I lequire is proof of your innocenoe. I cannot take your word. Any other gentleman would say as muoh.'. Arthur could not help admitting jtbatuthis WM, true. ' 'Again I ask ybn,!';lie oriedi* ' how oein I prove my innocence, except by my word ?' ' It is veiiy^asily done. You have not'ohanged.ypur clothes. Yon have b& your dress 'trousers and waistcoat ; your dtess coat hangs upon the back of thai chavr. [ H none of the missing articles are in the pockets I will offer yon the obinpletest apology in my power, and bhalf sincerely regret that I have caused you so muoh uneasi ness.' . 'Mr. P. Foreman ^as a private de teotiye, but be certainly spoke like a gentleman.' Throughout the inter view he had conducted himself with moderation' ; there was even a sadness in his manner which, now that so resisonable a course, was suggested, impressed itself, npon Arthur. '1 am. quite willing,' he said, 'to do what yon ask, though I dispute yoiir right, mind.' ' I understand tbat,' said Mr. P. Foreman. It [is Only,' continued Arthur, ' because I ^in to be married in the morning, andjK&b.; to spare the young lady's feeMgs, that I submit.' There was a deeper sadness in Mr. P. Foreman's voice a&' be observed, ' To be married in the momingl I mUst be mistaken.' He took a step towards the -door. , ' No, you don't gp now,' exclaimed Arthur. 'Iinsist upon your' stopping, 'aiidbeing cbmpletely satisfied. There's my ooat. Search thb pockets.' ; But Mr. P. Foreman would not touch' the garment. 'If you insist,' hie said ' yob'must go through the for mality youreelf. I should be ashamed tb have a hand in it.' ... . ' You are a good fellow, after all,' 'said Arthur,, with a sigh of relief. ' Will you nave a glass of cham pagne?' , 'Thank you,',. said Mr. P. Fore : man. . Arthur, filled two glasses. '';Ypnrbealth,'heBaid. : ' Yonr health,' said Mr. P. Fore man. ' Allow ine to wish you joy and happiness.' . ' Now you shall see,' eaid Arthur, in a gay tone. l ' Gome a little nearer ; \- I 'might be a master of legerdemain.' i A melanoholy smile crossed Mr. P. Foreman's mouth; 'and 'he stood, ap parently unooncerned, While Arthur turned out the pookets of his ^aistba'at and trousers. , ; ' f i', Nothing there,' be'eaid. \ ; [ : Nothing-there,' Baid Mr. P. Fore- i 'man, and again moved tewards the ' 'door. ^ '? ' V .''Stop a moment,' said Arthur, ^'there is'- my odat.' He turned out ' thfe'pOokets npon -tlie; table ; from tbe breaBt-pboket he produoed the bank ' ' nbtes he had received bom bis friend, ? Jaok' Stevens ;' from the tail- pookets a [ handkerchief .and 'gloves. Nothing ; ' bore.'*. He' laDghed' aloudi ^and lifted ' 'tbb bandkprcliief from the table. The laagh.^ra? frozeii in . hu. throat. -Ab ' lie' Uftedrtbe bandkerohief there fell frotn it a jewelled brppch, the devioe a 1 etQe .pf gpld, with three birds perohed thfewon, [one of- eapphires, one of. ' rubies, -pne ^f brilliants. . ; ?' '' Myi.Q-odi'' rhe1 gasped, 'and sank ;totoa;pn«r,„; . Mr.' P. Fb.re??an ;4id, not break the 'silbnoe tbat ensued. With sad ayes he gazbd upon tne'erushing evidence, ' of gnili.' At'ldngth Arthur found bis ; voice. [''? '' '.[,',(J[:,. : ' You 4b , 'nbt^' jon '.bsinnot,' he : cried in 'an ' agonised tone, 'believe, meiguilty 1' [' 7 ' ?'.[ Mr.-p. Fbibnian nttered no word., 'Arthur's 'faoe i ' wsis' like the -faoe ,of dbath. A' vision of bis raibed life rose before him, and in ' that vieion the' image of bis lair young bride, fetrioke'n with despair. What am I to' do ?' moaned tbe tmlia^y^ man; ''Wb&t; am I to do ? -Ab I 'hoje 3lbr meroy in'iieaven, 1 eweot^tblKt 2' am innooent,' Mr. P. Foreman in silence pointed to, the broooh on the table. It was an eloquont sign, but ho seemed to sym pathise with the baplesB man before him. Arthur rose to hiB feet, tremb ling in every limb. ' Have mercy upon me 1' he mur mured, stretohing forth his hands. ' Before God I am innocent I' ' I am sorry for the youug lady,' said Mr. P. Foreman, ' deeply, deeply Borry. I have a daughter of my own, whom I hope ono day to see happily married. But Bho iB iu delioate health.' There was a plaintivoness in his voioe, and Arthur, overwhelmed as ho was, caught at the despairing hope whioh presented itself to his distraoted mind. He and the man who hold his fate in his hands woro alone ; there were no witnesses, and not a sound reached them from houBo or stroet. ' Save me I' implored Arthur. 'As you hope for your daughter's bappi neBB, Bave an innooent man — Bave an innooent girl from despair and death 1' Mr. P. Foreman put his hands before his eyeei ' My duty I' he murmured; . 'You owe a duty elsewhere,' eaid Arthur, in a rapid, feveriBh voioe, 'The lady who has employed you trusts you implicitly, aud will reoeive your report without quostion.' ' I do not grasp your meaning,' said Mr. P. Foreman. ' Your daughter is in delioate health, you Bay,' oontinued Arthur. ' You hope to see her one day happily married. You are not rieh ?' 'I am very poor,' said Mr. P. Foreman. ' Do you think I would otherwise follow this miserable ooou pa'tion ? Fortune has been agaiuBt me all my life.' ., ' It emiles upon you now,' pursued ? Arthur desperately ; ' it offers you a chanoe. You speak like a gentleman ; you have a soul above your station. See here. There are a hundred and fifty pounds in bank-notes. Take them.; they, are yours and keep my seoret, guiltleBB as I am.. You are not a young man; you have had experience of the world; you must know tbe voioe of innooenoe when you hear it. Oould a guilty man plead as I am pleading ? By all your hopes of happiness, save me I No one is near ; no pne knows but you and I. It is so easy, so easy 1 — and I shall blesB you all my life 1' . ' You tempt me sorely, said Mr. P. Foreman. ' My daughter iB ordered abroad for ber health, and I have no means to take her.' ' Yon have means here, at your hand. Take the money — it is yours ; I give it to you freely. No one will be the wiser, and you will be an in strument in tbe hands of Providence to save two innooent lives 1' ' Let me think a moment,' Baid Mr. P. Foreman, and he turned his head. Arthur awaited his decision in an agony of despair. Presently be epoke again. ' 1 will express no opinion of your guilt or innooenoe, but you have offered what I oannot resist. I will take the money, and will keep your seoret, for the sake of the young lady you are about to marry, for the I sake of my poor daughter. It may be tbe means of restoring her to health. Ab for this brooeh ? ' 'Take it,' cried Arthur, impet uously, ' and do what you will with it. It is one of my conditions. Heaven | bless you — Heaven bless you 1' I ' We are aocomplioes in a transac tion that must not be spoken of,' said Mr. P. Foreman, who had put the money and the brooch into his pocket. I pity and despise you, as I pity and dekpise myself.' He did not wish Arthur good-night ; seemingly ashamed of the bargain tbey bad made, be went downstairs, aooompanied by Arthur who closed the street-door upon him. Dazed and bewildered, the young man returned to his room, and, with great tbrobbings of his breast at the mysterious danger be had esoaped, completed his preparations for the. wedding and the honeymopn. Before he threw himself upon hiB bed in tbe vain attempt to seek oblivion for an hour or two, he wrote a letter to his friend Jack Stevens, saying he had unfortu nately lost the money that bad been lent to him, and begging for another loan, whioh was to be forwarded to an hotel in iPatie, where he intended to stop with his young wife for a few days. 1 There is no need to describe the Wedding. Everything passed off -well, and everybody in church declared they liiad never seen a lovelier bride ; but they observed at the same time that the bridegroom appeared far from happy, and one of tho spectators re marked that he looked several times oter his shoulder, with the air of a man ' who' feared that a ghost was standing behind him. His own people and his :new 'relatives, being in a state of ex citement, did not take the same view of it ; they said he was nervous, which was quite natural on Bucli an occasion. Adelaide .was tremblingly happy, and she and berlover- husband departed on their honeymoon amid the ueual ' showers of rioe and hurling of old slip pers. In PariB Arthur reoeived from Jaok Stevens ai draft for another hun dred and fifty pounds ; but in the letter which accompanied the welcome draft Jaok said be could not under stand how. Arthur had managed to lose the money. ' I saw you,' wrote Jaok, ' iut the money in the side- pooket of your dress coa.t, and button your over cokt .over it. -How oouldyon have ioBt it ? ' Did you have an adventure, and are keeping it from me ? Make a clean breast of,it, old fellow. I should like to know. And if there is anything I dan do for you whije you are away dojnot fail to call npon me. I am in London for good, and am entirely at your servioe.' Arthur pondered over this letter, and pondered deeply, also over the events which bad occurred on the night before the wedding ; and the more he pondered the more he was dissatisfied. Onde bis young wife, whoJiad notioed that something was weighing on her hero's spirits, said to bim : ' Arthur, dear, are you happy ?' ' Very' happy, dariing.' ' But quite happy, Arthur ?' , . ' Yes, darling, quite happy. Why So yott'wk1?'. . i ' I don't know— pnly ypu seem bo melaneholy sometimes.' ' AH your fancy, darling.' ' I BuppoBB bp, Arthur dear.' But the young bride was net satis fied for all that. She was sure that list hero was koejtiug something dis agreeable from hor, Howover, like a sensible little woman, alio did not worry him ; no bride oould expect greater attention and devotion than he showed towards her, and she lectured herself, aud said that she could not expect to know everything about hor husband all at ouoo. ' I Bball havo to study him,' she said, ' aud when I know him thoroughly I will make bim porfeotly, porfootly happy.' On tho eighth day of tho honoy moon Bomet-hing curious happened. They had travelled from Paris to Gonova, and thoy put up at tho Grand Hotel do la Paix. The first time they dined in the hotel, Arthur, looking up, eaw exaotly opposite to him the forme of Mr. P. Foreman aud a lady. He turned red and white, and his heart boat furiously. Thero appeared how ever to be no cause for appreheneion ; Mr. P. Foreman looked him straight in the faoe, and evinoed no eign of re cognition. Perceiving tbie, Arthur took conrago, and glnnoed at tbe lady. Again he turned rod and white. On the bosom of the lady's dress was affixed a beautiful brooch — a Btile of gold, with its three littlo birds of rubies, sapphires, aud brilliants. ' Did you think tho lady oppoBito to us was very pretty, Arthur 1 ' asked. Adelaide, as she and ber hus band stood olose together after dinner looking into the oloar waters of tbe lake. ' I did not take particular notice, donr-' replied Arthur, awkwardly. ' OJi, Arthur 1 1 saw your eyes fixed upon her.' Arthur did not dare oonfees tbat it was the broooh ho waB staring at, and not at the lady, eo he diverted Ade laide's thoughts by meanB of those tender, seoret oaresBes whioh render young bridee supremely happy. But he thought very seriously, nevertheless. The lady who aooompanied Mr. P. Foreman seemed to be in perfoat health, and she was not young enough to be hie daughter, by a good many years. The droadfnl position in wbioh he had stood upon the occasion of Mr. P. Foreman's nocturnal visit to his chambers weighed terribly upon him. He knew himself to be innocent; but the broooh whioh his accuser had now appropriated was found in his pooket ; he bad taken it out himself. How had it got there 1 Tbat was the mystery tbat was perplexing him, and he felt that be oould not be at peace with himself until it wbb solved. That night he wrote to Jaok Stevens, and made a full confession of how he had lost the money, and in hie letter he gave a very faithful description of Mr. P. Foreman. ' If you can clear up tho mystery,' he said in his letter, ' for Heaven's sake do bo. I do not advise you to go to Lady WeBton White to make in quiries, for that might result in at tracting attention which, as things stand, I wish to avoid ; but do what you can for me, and act as you think best, for the sake of yout old and un happy friend, Arthur.' He direoted Jack to reply to him at tho Hdtel Viotoria, Interlaken, where he pro posed to take Adelaide aftor a stay in Geneva. Ho made hie visit to this beautiful city shorter than be intended, so anxious was he to receive Jaok's reply. It was not tbere when be ar rived, but on tbe following mid-day it waB delivered to him. ' My dear Arthur,' (Jaok wrote), ' my dear simple friend, my timid love-etrioken swain, your letter aston ished me, and in your interests I Bet to work at onoe. I have a friend who is a real detective — a live one, mark you — and when I entrusted him with your preoious secret, and read to bim the careful description you have given of your saviour, Mr. P. Foreman, he first looked at me in blauk amaze ment, and then buret into a fit ol laughter. ' By Jove I' he cried, when ,he.got over bis fit, ' that is my friend, Purdy. He's been at his tricks again.' ' Who is your friend Purdy,' I in quired, ' and what are the partieulai trioks you refer to?' He did not favour me with an answer, but stipu lated that I should pay an immediate visit to Lady Weston White, and ask whether the jewels lost in ber house on the night before your wedding bad been recovered. I did as be bade me, and learned from her ladyship — what do yon think ? Why, that tbere were no jewels lost in her house, and never had been, to her knowledge. I did not enlighten ber, old fellow, having some regard for your reputa tion for shrewdness. I went straight from her to my friend the real deteo tive. Learn from me, 0 wise young bridegroom, that Mr. P. Foreman, alias Purdy, iB no more a deteotive tban l am, that he must have slipped the brooch (all false stones, my boy) himself iuto your pooket, having pre viously ascertained that you were to be married in a few hours, and that he practised upon you a rather clever triok whioh he has practised sucoeBB fully upon other victims as simple ae yourself. - Now I oome to think of it, I shouldn't wonder if he was one of the men who passed us when I gave you the thirty five-pound noteB at the corner of tbe etreet. My friend tbe real deteotive tells me that Purdy is one of tbe best actors he has ever seen, and that his skill would beat the devil himself. Let us hope he will soon haye the ohanoe of trying it on with bis Satanic majesty. Anyway, he is enjoying himself on the Gontinong with your money and mine, and, as he has oast a oloud over the first fortnight or eo of your honeymoon, I should recommend you to lengthen it by just as many days of happiness as he bas robbed yon of. And here is another recommendation, my dear, simple, old fellow,. Tell your little wife all about it, and tell her at the same time tbat I have given an order for a broooh, of whioh I shall beg her acceptance, with the very original design of a gold stile and three little birds percbed atop of it. Give her my love, and ae oept the samefromyourseverandever.' Arthur danoed about the room when he read this oomforting letter, Ade laide looked np' from a novel in which Bke bad been absorbed. ' Wby, whatever is tbe matter with you,' she eried, ' you dear old gooso ?' ~ ~ ' Never miud the dear old goose,' said Arthur. ' Let ns bave a watte round tho room, you dear young darling 1' A waltz thoy had, and tbey made soino glasses on the table jingle eb that a ehamb&rmaid; knooked at .the door, and asked whethor hor services woro required. ' Not at all,' replied Arthur, in vary indifferent Gorman. ' I am only, giving madnmo a lesson.' At the end of whioh lesson Arthur rolatod to bis bride what it was that bad bcon disturbing him. How she pitiod him 1 Tho tears ran down ber protty faco as she took his between nor little hands and gave him kieses whioh ho returnod with interest. Of that you may be sure. 'Ob, Arthur,' said Adelaide, with tbe fondost of looks, 'I am glad ^ married you ; beoauso, you know, yon* do want someone to look after you.' - . As for the rest of the honeymoon, I leave you to imagine it. All I will say is, that I wish no newly married young oouple a happier. — Strand Magazine. Tue Hkaviebt Hammers. — Tlie heaviest hammers in tho world are in Erupp's factory at Essen, and in tbe foundry of the Cleveland Oity Forge and Irou Company of Amerioa. The latter establishment possesses a trip hammer, familiarly known by the workmen as ' Tom Ooe,' whioh can descond on an objeot with a foroe equal to 8000 tonB, and has a oapaoity for forging a pieoe of irou weighing 160 tons. The bed on whioh this power ful monster reBls consists of solid masonry imbeddod 06 ft in tbe ground, aud tho anvil on whioh it makes its dosoent is the very embodiment of durability. ' Tom Ooo ' is handled by maobinory, and can be moved and regulated with perfect ease. The Amkhioan ' Wuale-baok.' — It / is said by shipping-men that tbe new Amorioan ' whalo-baok ' in the oom- . iug type. Trade on tbe great lakes of North Amerioa haB called forth a.' new type of vessel, the' steel barge or ' whalo-baok' cf Mr.Alex.MoDougall, Superior, Wisconsin. Some of these aro towed, and others propelled, by stoam, and they are all of light draught. The Oolgate Hoyt, for ex ample, wbioh is named after the president of tbe American Steel Barge Company, bas a carrying capacity of 8000 tons and a speed of IB knots. The ships rcBomble a whale in shape, having round decks, flat bottoms, and ends like the tip of a cigar. The flat bottom fits tbem for rivers and oanals, and tbe round deck, over whioh the waves wash, renders tbem oapable of crossing the ocean. One of these vessels has been sent aorosB the Atlantic to Liverpool, and another to Puget Sound, on tho Paoiiio ooaat. Zanzdiab Ivonv. — This island is the centre of the ivory trade. Elepbsnts' tasks vary in size, shape, colour, and quality, and weight. At Zanzibar, for instance, the average weight of a tusk is 801b. ; at Mozambique the average is only 601b. There are three : qualities of ivory. The best is white, heavy, soft, and tbiok, and is got from tbe Banadir, Brava, Makdiohu, and Marka districts. The second quality is inferior from its want of the softness of the above sort ; it is prooured at Chaga and Nguru, The third quality may be represented as refuse ivory from any district ; it has always some pronounced defeot. The prioe reoeived by tho native trader usually varies from I/- to 8/- per lb., or its equiva lent in goods, and the wholesale merchant disposes of bis purchased lots in the African market at prices running from 6/- to 10/J per lb. A tusk weighing 801b. may tbus fetch £10. The natives of the interior barter tbem for oalioo, beads, bells, toys, rum, slaves (when they oan), china cupB and saucers, and various ; other produots of western civilisation, i An unexpected and strange vardiet \- has been delivered by the High Court of Appeal in Austria. A professor who had been ordained as a Catholio ' priest in 1857 left holy orders in 1870, and announoed to the civil and oleri oal authorities that he bad renounoed i tbe Catholic and adopted tbe Evan ' gslioai far tb. In 1870 he married ' and lived in undisturbed happiness until quite lately, when it was found tbat the fact of his having been a priest was a hindranoe to his marriage whioh was deolared not to be valid. The professor appealed against thiB judgment, and the oase waB decided against him and the verdict' given that the present state of legislation' does not admit of the possibility of a man who has vowed celibaioy to be freed of that vow, Wbioh the whole Catholic church considers binding -for life. This decision strikes bomb in a number of bappy families, a s former priests who now follow a profession and are married are not few. Canon Harford is about to found - a therapeutio musical association, being persuaded that music possesses great curative properties when applied .to sufferers who are of a nervous temper ment. He oontends tbat insomnia can be suooessfully treated by a duet between a soprano and a contralto, with a violin aocompaniment. A new safety matob has been patented in England by a Belgian, who places on different parts of :}he . match two compositions, whiob, in ordinary matches, are generally plaoed respectively on the box and on the end of tbe match. In obtaining a light the match is broken across the middle and tbe ends rubbed together. Fond Mother — ' And so you. 'made Willie and Tommy stop fighting, did you ? I'm glad to see that my little boy is a peacemaker. : What did mamma's joy do to separate tbem?' Mamma's Joy — ' Well, it was tbie way : Tommy was gettin' lioked, so l \- just sailed in an'. pasted Billy one on the jaw ; and when I got through with him be -didn't feel muoh like stoppin' and havin' it out with Tommy.' Near-sighted observer (looking at two men on a tandem oyole) — ''That's the best race I ever saw I ThoBe bi .. cyders have been round the ciirole i three timee, and' that fellow with .the striped -jersey basnMrgttinpd -ui 