A PICTURE OF PICCA DILLY. . THE GREAT LONDON .THOROUGHFARE. \- Its Old Associations. Briois arid Foliage— Homes and Barks— The Piccadilly Goat —Moralities of the Place. No. l. , It mnybo unjuBt to say that among the un counted streets of London not one is beau tiful. But it is plaiu, on a moment's reflection, that a beautiful street is less the likqly to exist in monotonous expanses of London .than in most other cities. There are few town3 but have Bomewhero an out- loaa on nature, on tne world beyond the walls. But London is so vast, and lies so low, that she has hardly a single glance at naturc(writesAndrewLangin "Scribner's"). From the National Gallery, gazing over Trafalgar-square toward the towers of Westminster, and catching beyond a vague glimpse of the Surrey Hills, you uro faiiftly reminded that the whole earth is not yet covered over by brick houses. On Cheyno Walk, too, the river with its mists, its little gravelly beach, its boats, flows from the distant heights through tile meadows, under the poplars, far away and murmurs ah echo of the.remoto country. From the top of the Pavilion at Lord's, too, whence the eye beholds merely a soft vaporous distance, broken hero and there by a spire or a clump of trees, it is not impossible to fancy that London has a kind of chatm. Bub she has NO CHEAT STREET whence, as from Princes-street in Edin burgh, there are conspicuous the rocks of an acropolis, the high-piled ridge of the old town, and the remoter beauty of the Lothian hills. The fresh air of Venice blowing in from the sea is as alien to London as are the noiseless wet wa/a of Venice. Nature, in short, except as far as trees are concerned is out of view and out of the question. Then, as to architectural beauty, London is as inferior to Venice or Florence in graco and stateliness of struc tures and monuments, palaces and towers, and flower markets as in her eternal absence of natural loveliness. Hero is no Arno, no quaint, venerable bridges, no statues like the Perseus of Cellini or the David of Michael Angelo, Hero is no St. Mark's, no Bargello, for London, in spite of the antiquity of the city, is a very, new town in most of her western quarters, and was built hastily and inconsiderately by people among whom architecture was at the lowest ebb. Thus, to take oven an example in England, London has not a public way to compare with the High-street at Oxford. Tho new age and new buildings have dono their worst for " the high," but they have not wholly ruined those curves like tho windings of a stream, that unrivulled mix ture _ of old academic with old domestic architecture, those ancient gables of all heights and shapes, those latticed windows edged with flowers, those solemn and hos pitable college gateways, aiul those glimpses through them into " deep, wet walks of gray old gardons ;" while the whole bend and curve of the street ends in the glorious tower of Magdalen and tho bridge over the Cher well. All this, degraded as it has been by an unsightly tramway and spoiled by the eccentric new buildings on which the col leges have wasted their money is yet incom parably moro beautiful than anything in London. ".The High" survives from the leisurely ngo wheu men could build. Now, if we take Piccadilly as t he repre sentative beautiful street of London, wo cannot deny that it has some advantages. Starting from Regent-street in the eastitruns westward, at firstnarrowenough andcommou- 5 lace with a plain church on tho left, with urlington House and its picture gallery, a large, commodious modern edifice on the ritjlit for tho rest lined with ordinary shops displaying waterproofs, boots, books (Mr. Quaritoh's shop and vast collection is here), and ' similar articles of commerco. Where St. James'-strcet descends abruptly to the left there is a view of Sc. James1 Palace, a lugubrious royal residence, uninhabited by royalty, which "excites the wonder of foreigners on account of its mean appear ance." Then comes Arlington-Btreot, with the palazzo of Lord Salisbury, and after that break the bo9tpartof Piccadilly bogins. £11 along the loft side aro the trees and verdure of tho Green Park. The right hand footpath flows, so to speak, beneath houses of which Mr. Loftio says in his "History of London," that " though built with very little regard to cost, not one ol them presents any architectural features worth notice, or, indeed, worthy of tho situation." So the wide thoroughfare takes its western way ; on one side is grass, chestnut trees, nurses, children, hawthorns, on the other side nre tall, houses, not " worthy of tho situation." Clubs, palaces of the rich or noble, a shop here and there, lino the right baud side, and finally, after tho road ascends again, we have the Dnke of Welliligtpd's arch and statue on the left, in a space now much widened nnd improved, and, on tho right, is Apsley House, whero tho old duke lived and died, and Hyde Park Corner, tho park gates, the naked stutuo of Achilles, and an eifligy of Lord Byron with his dog Boat'- BWajn,' which an owes to tho contested genius of Mr. Belt, or, as others declared, of Mr. Belt and an "artist's ghost." DOWN AND UP THE HII.Ii and dale of Piccadilly carriages glide, carts rattle,, hansoms hurry, men and women walk to'the park, or westward to Kensing ton and Brompton, or, in the eastward direction, to the clubs,' to Pull Mull; the Strand, the City. It is, on the whole, not a Very worried or eager crowd, not liko tho throng of the Strand or Cheapsidc. Most of the pedestrians are sufficiently well-to-do ; beggars do not much beset Piccadilly ; in the early evening the steppers westward ore tho greater number, going either for a walk in tho purks 'or homeward, to dinner. About 8 the world is stroamiug out to its engagements, glearn- ihg expanses of white shirts shine out of tho cahs, the carriages aro full of ladies in thoir evening array. Dinnorward or theutroward goes all the throng of politicians, dandies, lawyers, idlers, stockbrokers. Tho wooden pavements prevent the inces sant passage of vehicles from being inordi nately noisy, and a native of stouy Edin burgh justly remarked that when he firBt visited London he was more struck by tho quiet of the Streets than by nny thing else. In all tho hastoning or leisurely multi tudes ono may marvel how many nBk them selves if thiB is a beautiful street, if it de- Borves tobe one of the most famous thorough fares in the greatest of modern oitics. Many, If they were asked, would say that Picca dilly is cheerful, and is satisfactory. _ ThiB is, indeed, the happiest way of criticising Piccadilly. Thanks to tho Green Park on its loft side, tho Btrcet has verdure, at least, aucl is airy. Tho ups and downs of it have a picturesquonoss of their own. the wealthy houses, if they are not dignified, if they havo not the stately proportionsof Florentine palaces, aro, at all events, clean and large, aud so far imposing. There nre two times and seasons when Piccadilly looks its best. Ono of these is in mid- May, when all the flower ing trees are in blossom, when the chestnut hangs oiit its fragrant tapers in tho green shade of its fans, when tho hawthorn perfumes even the London air, when the laburnums are " drooping wells of fire," when on all the boughs is the tender green, tho first flush of spring. London is very well supplied with trees, and for a few days early in the season tho town has almost a Chauoorian aspect of prettiness_ and innocence. Tlmt jaded old Piccadilly in; her spring dress looks as fresh as a young lady in her first season. The women have not grown weary of their unrelenting social activities ; there are radiant . faces newly come from the country, thero aro tall young men of ,rosy aspect, beautifully attired, with high et.iif collars and gloves irreproachable, and lustrous boots. This is the moment to see Piccadilly— -bright, gay, crowded, and yet not sophisticated and worldly to look upon. 'the next best aspect of Piccadilly is in the evening in mid-October, when the lingoring light flushes tho houses, tho sunset struggling through tho opals of the London smoke, red and azures blending in tlie distance, while all down- through "the gradual dusky voil" of evening tho serpentine lines of lamps begin to burn. Loudon, when there is not a. fog, has sun sets of peculiar beauty, thanks perhaps to the smoky air.- Whatever the reason, they are very soft, rich and strange. Many a time, walking eastward through the early dusk in Piccadilly, I have turned back and stood watching these beautiful offocts, which Mr. Marshall, by tho bye, often renders admirably in water colors. Unless civilisa tion quito shuts out the Bky she cannot absolutely improve beauty off the face of the town. And in Piccadilly there are "lot3 of sky," as tho little street boy said when, for tho first time, ho was taken into the country. Above the crowd, the smoke, the struggle, beyond the yells of them who vend the disastrous evening papers, far remote from the cries of murder and sedition, the serene sky looks down on you, and the sunset brings its harmonios even into Piccadilly. The artist can not represent these things in ' his black and white ; these beauties must be seen, and into many a spirit that is . tired of towns they bring their own tran quility, and speak .silently of how tho solemn and charmed hour is pasBiug in her royal robes over mountains aud palo sea- straits, over long river pools, over reedy lochs where our hearts Are, and where wo fain would be, though we "pad the weary hoof" in Piccadilly. London is a hard place for those who in their cradles "were breathed on by tho rural Pan," but even in London Nature has her moments, and does not abso lutely and always veil her face. Such are the pleasanter aspocts of Piccadilly, a street moro or less of pleasure, though in thi3 respect fur unlike the Boulevard, in Paris. There is no street life, so to speak, in tho wealthier thoroughfares of London. Th'ere is nothing at all resembling the gaiety of the Boulevard , with the cafes, the crowds of people contemplating existence over a glass of beer or a cup of coffee from the. com- fortablo haven of caffi awnings and cafiS ohairs. Horo are none of tho bright kiosquos, none of the pests covered with many-colored und alluring hills of the play. The shops are few, only that of Mr. Giuliano, who makes tho pretty copies of ancient jewellery and Renaissance ena mels, is very attractive to stare into, whereas on tho Boulevard the shop windows are a perpetual delight. Nor are there theatres hero, with thoir bustle. Tho theatres are far off in the Strand, and havo no external attractions. Tho only open-air street life is that of the cabmen on tho stand opposite, or of tho depressing rows of "sand wich men," dismal little processions with their advertisements of soaps, plays, and pictures. To be sure we boast what Paris knows not, the Piccadilly goat, who lives in, or often at, the door of a large corner house. Why this goat is kept lieio out of doors is a mystery, probably not con nected with the worship of Dionysus. There is another goat, a much seedier, dingier goat, wiio browses such grasses as grow outside tho Nonconformist office, in the purlieus of old Alsatia, where Nigel Oliphant met with his adventures. No uc- count of Piccadilly is complete which leaves the goat out of the picture, an unexpected rural figure in the foreground. ' Piccadilly is not a- place where the foreigner or tho stranger from the country need expeet to see FAMOUS CONTEMPORARIES much, or to meet statesmen lounging in little groups, chatting about tho perplexed for tunes of tho nation. Piccadilly is not at all like a Christmas number of a society journal, thickly studded witlx caricatures of celebri ties and notorieties. They are muoh moro likely to be encountered near the Houses of Parliament, or in Pall Mall you may view generals ooming from the War Office; bishops and scientific characters trudging to the sauotuary of tho Athenrouin ; young men ox xasuion near tne ltiarioorougn Club; princesses driving out of Marlborough House. In the Strand thero' go great lawyers and theatrical people and journalists of all grades pacing to or from Fleet-street. But, as for company, Piccadilly is here a street like any other ; there be diplomatists, and no doubt a novelist or a poet or two may bo watcliod looking out of the bay window of tho Savilo, and ail sorts and conditions of men do eternally walk up or down Piccadilly. But it cannot bo called a specially liou-haunted shore. I have never observed, "for why should I deceive you ?" Mr. Irving coming along, ARM-IN-ARM WITH MR. TOOLE, nor Mr. Parnell lounging with Mr. Timothy Hcaley, nor Mr. Payu (I can swear to thiB) taking exeroise with Mr. William Black, in Piccadilly, nor Mr. Rndyard Kipling medi tating the military muse in these purlieus. But this may be due to " a malady of not marking " the men and women who go by, to a habit of iuattention. It is a case of "eyes and no eyes," a3 in the childish apologue, and, if the . artiste has eyes, aixd has been lucky enough to Observe princes, peers, poets,, painters, politicians, warriors, in Piccadilly, why should he not draw their effigies as he beheld them? It is cer tain that, somehow, Pall Mali and St, James's street aro better places wherein to lie in weight for the passing celebrity, and Bee the traits of the men who make, or obstruot, or reoord history. From tho Marlborough House to the Athenioum Club is capital hunting ground; there lions are almost as common us quite ordi nary persons. Lot me confess that I havo not a good eye for a lion, and often do not know the monarch of the forest when I see him. Besides, nobody can see him in a fog, and tho extreme west of Piccadilly is parti cularly foggy, probably because one of tho many "bournes" or brooks over which London is built, flows under it, and its dankness exhales in clouds of yellow vapor. This reflection, that a river may flow through tho middle of Piccadilly, as through Cheapsidc in Wordsworth's poem of " Poor Susan," may sorvo to remind us that Picca dilly was not always a street, that it has first a rural, and then a suburban history of its own. I confess that my own taste resembles that of Horace Walpole rather than of Madame du Deffand, concerning whom ho says that she was always interested in tho affaira of tho moment, and " he" in the busi ness of a century ago. This is not a modern taste, it is true ; the world prefers to read tho " posters" of the evening papers exposed on the pavement at Hyde Park corner rat her than to wonder what Hydo Park corner and the turnstile thero were like one, or two, or three hundred years since. We hav£bcon among " ACTUALITIES," and shall return to them, and persons who are impatient of street history may skip a page thut deals with tho past. Piccadilly has its history, which, as usual, oxplains its present condition, and Bhows how it bccumo what it is. Tho street is haunted, too, by fair women and brave men long dead, of of wham some readers may liko to' bo put in lrtind as they wander among tho living. In the old times, say in Queen Elizabeth's reign, Hyde Pork, near which Piccadilly ends, was a forest, with "herbage, pan nage, and browze wood for deer." Tho woods were still thick, and frequented by robbers, many years later. All' that was fine and fashionable in the park was "The Ring," where people rode aud drove, and where foot races were run, whilo duels, as late as Fielding's time, wore fought hard by. Horo Moliun slew the Duke of Hamilton, here Captain Booth in "Amelia" fought the colonel. Wo miiRt got rid, in our minds, of tho iron railings and the pavement outside, and of Apsley House. Wo must fancy a country roud, with hedge and ditch, running beside the forest, and leading to the still distant town. At the west end of Piccadilly or near it tho citizens of London threw up their earthworks ; women digging and carrying earth, ladies and all, when the royal army threatened the city, in 1662. There was then no street of Piccadilly, there was merely " tho ;Rcadiug-road,'' tho road, or one of the roads, that led into London from the west, lluttho iinmo Piccadilly, ail extraordinary name enough, about which antiquarians havo argued much, already existed. Tho older opinions, contested by Mr. Jesse in his " Literary and historical Mcmoriuls of London," was thut "Piccadilly" is derived from a houso called "Peccadillo Hall," Horo tho ruffs for the neck, called pcccadillas, were vended, and it is supposed that the name of the street came from tho name of this warehouse. But it seems . extremely improbablo that a fashionable shop would bo out in the country some way from town, as the Reading-road then was. Moreover, Mr. Jesso holds that tho ruffs did not come'lnto fashion till 1G1G or so, whereas we find tho word Piccadilly applied to the place in Gerard's curious old " Herbal " of 1596. Nothing can show better how Loudon has grown than what Gerard has to say about " Piccadilla." Oil the hanks of the djy ditches there, ho remarks, grows "the small wild buglosse," or oxtongue. The botanist would fiiid little to collect in small dry ditches near Piccadilly now, . and the banks of that rural stream, the Tybourno, aro deep below the houses. Nearly 60 years passed before . there was a street of Piccadilly, and not till Charles II, 's reign did tho house3 begin to creep westward towards Hyde Park corner. These houses were originally palaces of tho nobles, with vast gardens and pleasanoes. For example,, where Devon shire House now'stands, a largo unlovely palace enough, tyns Berkeley Houso, whore Pepys dined on September 23, 1672. " The gardens aro incomparable," says Pepys, "by reason of the inequality of tho ground, and a pretty piscina. Tho holly hedges on the ter race I advised the planting of. Wo must suppose Piccadilly, then, to have been like that part of Camden Hill where Argyll Lodge, the Duke of Rutland's house, and Holly Lodge, Maeaulay's home, and others, stand among thoir trees and flowers; only much more magnificent and spacious. Lord Berkeley's pleasances ex tended over Berkeley- square, but itt 1864 part of the ground wa3 already being built upon, to the sorrow of John Evelyn. Berkeley House was burned early in the 18th century, aud tho unromantic Devon shire House was erected on its site. Next Berkeley House was the still more spleudid Clarendon Houso, built by the historian of tho rebellion. This came into the possession of the Becond Duke of Albemarle, who sold it ; and Dover- street, Albemarle-Btreet, Old Bond-street, and Grafton-street, were built on its site and on its pleasances, whilo the sylvan Evelyn wuiled like a dispossessed Dryad. The gardens of the Earl of Sunderland wero covered by the ohambers called the Albany, leading into Piccadilly, aud all these things are examples of the wdy in which Piccadilly grow. THE MELANOnOLY PROCESS is being illustrated on every sido round London every day. The old spaoious houses and pleasant gardens are pulled down, the old elms fall, and rows of ugly streetB are run up where tho trees buddod and the thrushes : sang. Pro bably this will be' tho fate of Holland House also ; " the great wen" swiftly and steadily eats its way into the heart of tho country. Vory littlo taste is shown by the builders ; tho 18th century's taste was in favor of good solid brick boxes of no outward beauty, aud these bo they which now stand fronting Piccadilly. As late as 1745 the west end of the street must still have bordered on the fields. When Fielding's Squire Weston rode up to town, in search of Sophia, ho alighted at an inn (next what is now Apsley House), which was called "The Pillars of Hercules." Tho name must mean that beyond the Pillars was the region of the unexplored, that this was the town's end. It would he the first inn in London that the worthy squire reached. Near it, but in later times, resided the famous or infamous "Old Q.," the Duke of Queens- berry, in his profligate latest years. This nobleman, born in 1721, lived till 1810. All ins rue nu uiu exuoi.iy as lie pieaseu, ana ne was pleased to be cntiroly regardless of opinion and of decency in his unfaltering pursuit of ploasure. Ho never " unhar nessed," as the French say ; he . nevor ceased to patronise the ladies of the opex-a ; but he was good-humored, open- hauded, und well- bred. Robert Burns once passed an evening in his company, and though Burns severely oensured — in the nobility — the pursuits Which moralists deplore inTiis own history, lie was quite won over by the wicked Old Q. Ho sent Old Q. his famous poem of "The Whistle," and says to a corre spondent, "Though I am afraid his Grace's character as a Man of Worth is very equivocal, yet he is certainly a nobleman of the first taste, and a gentleman of the finest manners." Deaf of ono ear, blind of ono eye, thiB wickod nobleman used to sit in his balcony, watching the world go past, and looking down ou Piccadilly, lie pre ferred that flood of human beings to tho view of tho Thames ut Richmond. " What is' there," ho asked, " to make so much of in the Thames? I am quite tired of it ; there it goes, flow, flow, flow, alwaya the same." But of tho torrent that went " flow, flow, flow," past his house lie nevor wearied, and it said that ho always Jiad a man and horse ready to pursue any naiad who oharmed him from the stream of Piccadilly. A good deal of his monoy went, at his death, to that other philosopher who lived in Gaunt Houso, Great Gaunt- street, and is now best known to men as the MarquiB of Stoyne, and tho patron of Mrs. Rawdon Crawley. 