OALLIGNEE- {From our own Correspondent.) After the largest rainfall that has ever been recorded for one month, we are having very pleasant weather, remarkably mild for this time of tbe year, and are congratulating on the fact that we have had no snow for three years. The rainfall for Jane was registered by Mr Kjergaard and WA3 11 inches and 14 points, quite a respectable allowance all must admit. An effort M to be made to establish a library in the public hall. A public meeting is to be held this week to consider the matter, and I think it is likely that something will be done in the matter. I understand that the trustees will have enough money in hand after the clearing and fencing are paid for, to enable tbem to fit up the room that has been built on the end of the original building, and all that is required is the books. A ghost has been seen in tbe district: The mere mention of an unearthly visitor always gives me a kind of creepy sensation about the spine,. and since I started to write about this one I have looked round occasionally to make sore that no tangible uncanny visitor has bobbedup behind my chair. When I was very young I used to imagine that all spent forms of erratic disposition, stalked about the surface of the earth, developed in garments of spotless white, I find,however, that tbis was a mistaken belief, for I saw a man a few days ago with a spirit imprisoned in a bottle. Tbe general impression about here is that ours is a kind of ghost that ought to be avoided if possible, because all who have given the mntterany consideration, have come to the conclusion that no respectable ghost would visitsuch a locality. There is no indication that our branch of the fanners anion will be resusciated in time to oppose federation, as yours has been doing. I dont know that there is much to regret in tbis state of the case, for at any rate it will keep us from showing.our ignorance of the political situation for some time to come. Your Traralgon branch seem to have been in a great hdrry to vote against tbe Federation Bill, when they dived right into it without discussion or without knowing what it was about. I did not get an opportunity to become acquainted with the subject until Tnesday last, and I notice that provision is made to take a vote on the question, apart from all others, at the next general election. I think that in the meantime the Farmers' Union could find useful work to d<> ia the direction of< getting the One-man- One vote business advanced a stage, and thus make provision for tbe future, so that when the proper time cômes to vote they will be able to do something worth mentioning.; The farmers cannot do much good , at present by complair lng about the dbîngâ of the labour par v, what they require to do is to prepare mind their own business and leave others ~ alone, for it ocenrs to me that when the crucial test comes, the labour party will be found to be the best friends they have It is natural to expect this at any rate, through their interests being more closely |dentâfied thlta those of any other class. workers of the colony are not . only fïftë wealth producers, but are also: the guarantees of our stability as a nation. Take away the formers and tradesmen, and of. wh^t use then are. those. great national' works, that' are supposed to be .a guarantee to-the English creditor for our loans. Of course we know this can never take place, for the poor we will always have with us, but we must always give the broadest possibb application of the text, that we must not muzzle the ox that treadeth the com. We may not-starve the poor man becanse he has to reznain wiih U3 always, as the maker and retainer of tho nation, and if he can better his position, which in substance means bettering ours, by all means-not only let him do so,"but also we should help him all 