ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. Ilio theatre Royal with the popular ])lay of "Little Lord Fuuntleroy," Garner's Rooms, with Mr. Macealie's entertainment, and the Cyclorama liave been well patronized during the week. " Aladdin" continues to attract aniusement seekers to the Albert Hall. Mr. Neebe's, com pany finds favour with all who spend the even- j lug at this laughable entertainment. I : The Cornish Association Musical Society repeated the collection of Cornish carols; sung in Adelaide at Christmas time; at. the. Port Town Hall on Monday vevening. Mr. d. Cleave ■ presided over a, good attendance. J The carols were sung with very great ■ taste, and evinced careful training on the part of the members of the Society. The time was very good, and the various jiarts blended excel- j lently. During the evening Mr. Harvey sang I "True to thoLast" and "Simon, the Cel- j larcr," and Mr. Thomas contributed two recita- I tions. Miss Matthews was encored for her rendition of the song " It reached my Heart," and the Rev. (}. 10. Rowe entertained tlio audience with a reading entitled " A Cornish Ghost Story." Applause was frequent, and the concert passed off very successfully. Mr. Poulton conducted, and the singers were aa sistcd by an orchestra. Potato Mabeet.—So far none of the new season's potatoes have been sold here (says the Border Watch of January ") for the Adelaide market, but about ten tons were forwarded by rail in December, and some more will be sent this week on account of the growers. The cool weather since the holidays has induced owners to start digging a few of the earlier crops, but as yet prices do not justify extensive digging. Yesterday prices in Adelaide were about equal to £0 per ton, with bags, at the Mount Gambier Railway Station, but there was a prospect of a decline. For two or three years what appears to be a very desirable variety of iiotatonas been grown at Port MacDonnelL t was obtained by Mr. Eb. Orchard from an American vessel on a visit to Australia,- and bore the name of the "Thousandfold." Mr. Orchard says it is a most profitable bearer, and the quality is sujxirior. It belongs to the round variety, and the skin is of a reddish tint. 