DOGS AND GHOSTS. (DAILY NEWS.) A psychological and sportive periodical, Mod and Gun, has recently been discussing ..the question whether dogs can see ghosts. It appears rather late in the day for differences of opinion to arise oh a point so elementary and well ascertained. In all properly regulated ghost stories the apparition is perceived by a aog first, usually an animal of .great beauty and value. * His conduct is invariably the same. First he stiffeps-all over, then his hair bristles np 011 biB back, then he utters a wild and piercing cry, and falls over on his side, dead. His demise^ in the excitementof themoment; is till after his own interview with the ghost. The locus classiats for dogs seeing ghosts is the late Lord Lytton'sexcellent Etory, which frightened Mr. Thackeray so when he read it in tthe hotel drawingroom at Folkestone: " The Haunters and the Haunted, or the House and the.Brain." For sustained richness of incident this narrative has never been equaUed. Here the dog—a bullterrier, we think—behaves in the manner already described. Another anecdote of the same kind is, we believe, less generally known. A gentleman stajing.in an-old house belonging to a friend took his dog with ;him into his bedroom. He wakened on- hearing a low growl," and ; found _the chambei' full of amysteiiqiis watering light, in which a headless figure in white satin was ^ dimly visible. The figure slowly approached the 'bed, under which the dog retreated^-growling, and bristling. . ;: A.s"the headless, form drew.nearer, the gentleman in' bed was naturally perplexed. But suddenly there came a vague inarticulate.^murmur from the opposite side 'of the panelled room. The figure paused, seemed to listen, and presently withdrew to the wall, where it disappeared, Kextjmoniingthe occupant of thb robin, finding his dog, a Dandie Dinmont, cold in death, With an awful expression of "supernatural horror frozen on his features, was of course annoyed. He accused his friend of inhoscitable conduct, in subjecting; a valuable hound to such a trial, and threatened to appekl to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. -But tile mend, asserted his perfect .iimoceiice, nay, his "ignorance of the fact that there was any ghost in his establishment. He was fortunately able to appeal to his census return; m w hich no such inmate, was mentioned. Ho had but recently become the possessor: of the house, an old one, and to investigate the matter he removed the panelling of the haunted room. Behind.one panel was found a headless female skeleton in decaying satin, and wearing the family diamonds, which were missed in the 17th century. Behind the panel where the vague inarticulate: murmur which. stopped the ghost proceeded was discovered the head or rather the skull of the skeleton: This remarkable incident establishes the fact that dogs can see, ana are peculiarly susceptible to .the unwholesome influences of the supernatural; or psychical. This was well lmowu in ancient : tunes. The - dogs of Eumaeus, - the swinehera in Homer, see the goddess- Athenei and run away. whining, while Eumaeus "himself .and - Telemachus are unconscious : of • the supernatural presence.: : In the same wair the, ass of the prophet Balaam -beheld tho- angel before the prophet was aware of the apparition. Ih. a haunted house recentlv investigated ' the dog of the philosophers concerned was extremely uneasy, though the philosophers them-: selves were onlv disturbed by little boys, who rang the door-hell and ran away.- Thatdbgs may,, and do, possess ghosts of their own is proved by many remarkable examples; The Mauth dog, 'which hved m a kind of crypt, under the- Castle of . Douglas, in the Ble of Man, used to make himself quite at home among .the-soldiers, till one 01 them followed him to his retreat, and died a gibbering idiot. This was he of whom the story ran, he spoke: the spectral- hound of Mail." •' : In the case Of • the ghost of -a bishop;' seen nearthe bishop's stone, between Ail and . Ettrick, somewhere": about 1830, the spectre of the ecclesiastic was accompanied by-that of his favourite dog.-': The ghost^ oi a dog belonging to-a lady rof letters:of : ihe la-t generation was seen bv her jn her own room • shortly after, the aoimal's regretted de: mise.-.. .Many othermstances occur in such h:storical treatises as Mrs. Crowe's " KijjM Side of Ifature;'- and should suffice to eouvince '-the moEt sQeptical mqmrers. ' Thisj-^ovr-everjis -g;- fieldof. stud vmwhichesperimentis admissible;: nay, reguisite ind de irable. The Psychical: SocLetv shouldtake do.es of-approved valour to seances and see how thevbehave when'the raps begm and " the bodiless gang about." In the' interestiof valuable:hves:itimghtbe''aB:welI J to muzzle the hounds,- as it would he no trifle for a medium to be pinned bv a tenacioussbull-'dogy Mr. Podmore or some-other official might : also illustrate the science by pretending to be -a: ghost; and visitmg the slumbcrE of a bull-dog or blooahound -iust. to ' see what would happen We; mi£;ht then learn whether dogs are o!il»r Bupc- rstitidus or whether they have a smell for a genuine spectre. Theseryice demands courage; but -gentlemen faraihar;with the terrors of the. other world will not shrink from mere physical: dangers The field o£ experiment on the lower animals is large, if Miss Cobbe does not disapprove • ^SvMarhneau.was- saidhy.raie^&Mi-iCT-;^ mew to have 3nesmensed^cow£, iiut the lesults' of the experiment are not recorded What could you " sugge t" to a cow m a trancc ? If dogs,can teaUv^e , hypnotedjrmuchinnght::1)e done for their education. Itmight "be " sug • gestea' tothemnot to howl all mght, for ex : ample. Few of us when jieot awake hy a noi^v curhavethephllosophyofthegenialpbetj-who: said, ' Poor fellow, no doubt he hasjus dis' tresses, ..-as I have nnns.^'. '-A-desire teput tbe ammal:out of his pam is a more common emoion. 33y means of hypnotism the treets might bekeptgmetatmght Ownereof dog would erely ^hypnotise them, and observe-to them/ " MmdiHO-barkingThe ..whole subjectlsof j eculiarmoment -p£rsoilE-who::wish'to:share he creed of 11 thepoor Indian," though most f us look for "better Mnes^The unity of-mind, n man and the loweranimals, srught beesti: bUshed by >ypnotierfesperiment, end to the orror of aUsensible|iei'B0E,6,,wh0'wiEh ^jiiiet aradise, a 'few jcanme ghosts-would establish the -dog»jj claim to -a future iJe. A^eaddog may be of more interest to psychology than a living lion, for nobody has yet maintained that ilionB can see ghosts, or possess ghosts of their own. We are only on the thieslioldof psychology, evidently, andthe whole thrillmg subject of-black cats m their relation to;the un-, seen and imponderable has yet to be investigated by modem iscientific methods. : The chances of transmigration being revived as a scientific doctrine have also to be . reckoned with, for it is plain that no sooner has common sense .discarded superstition than physical or pB^chicalscience brings it back again. The oldwitches; if we. go on at the present rate, will be reckoned -among martyrs and persons m ad-, vance of iheir age. Thus the whirligig of tune brings us his revenges — .flense, : nonsense/; science, and ignorance take bands and change sides the dance, aiidpoTSODB whose^rand-, mothers, laughed at ghosts, now ask whether; dogs are capable of discerning apparitions.* And yet we hear laments for the ages of faith,: asif they were not always with us, as if many excellent and oven emancipated ladies.of to-day were not as credulous as uie mother oE Guibert de Jfogent, a mediaeval example of behef., The truth about dogs is, that they are susceptible of panic-fears in the dark, and in the presence of the unfamiliar; and their exhibition ot this dread resembles superstitious terror in reasonable hemgs. Bntthat is not tothe credit of the more highlyevolved intellect. 