THE CAESAR OF THE STAGE. Augustus Harris, of Drury-lane. Enterprises, Past, Present, and Future. Druriolanus lives in a big good-looking house, just behind that pretty church in the Avenue-road, by Regent's Park end. A drive past the church gate leads to it, through a large garden bordered with tho high elms alter which it is namod ; and be- hind it a green hill stands up and shuts out ono sido of northern London. All is quiet, with a qaietudo unknown in Drury-lane— except when those church bells begin to ring. I had an appointment with the great man about some business of my own, and called at The Elms early in tho morning (writes the London Star man). (Nino o'clock is. pretty early in London, especially when you aro visiting a man who by tho nature of his profession can never be in bed much before 2 ;. but that was tho hour- that Augustus, of Drury, had fixed. ) I was shown to his room and we talked over tho business hereinbefore mysteriously alluded to. for two or threo honrs, during which was also discussed a substantial breakfast. .But— like Mr. Wellor on a historic occasion— " wo did get a-talk- intr" about.. Mr. . Harris' manifold pursuits, and the interest that the readers of the Star might naturally be supposed to take in a complete list of them — wero such a thing ob tainable. . , ; "Can you tell me 1 everything you are?" I asked at last, bluntly. " Oli-h ! I shall have to think. First, of course, there's good old Drury-lane— with summer season, autumn drama, and Christmas pantomime (the next one well on the way already)." Good Old Drury-lane was evidently child's play — to iti present manager — but the next item was more serious. ."Covent Garden. That takes, a great deal of consideration. You've, decided oil your repertoire, your singers, your attrac tions— when you get a telegram saying that somebody's ill, which upsets all your ar rangements. Operatic management doesn't only need unremitting attention, it wants a power of constant ready invention. It's a very fine intellectual exerciso." Just about thia-lime the proceedings were lnjnppunfnfl f.l\a hntn' irn 1 nf o clinnniiilrAP f.rt measure Mr. Harris for a pair of new boots. I mention this merely for the Bnke of ob serving that Augustus Druriolanus is, to the best of my belief, the only man living who actually likes new boots. To resume Covent Garaen. Mr. Harris summed up the doings of a season in lfi words : — "In four months I have to produce 30 grand works— each of which will be critioiscd from the highest possible stand point, as if it wore produced at a Govern ment theatre trader State control, with un limited resources und a permanent company. ; My seasons must bs so good that subscribers will take their boxes and stalls without a prospectus— without any long list of pro mised new operas, grand revivals, new tenors and sopranos— a thing absolutely uu- heard of in the history of opera. ' My strength is that at the end of the season, I havo given the subscribers more than they would have asked of me — and they are anxious to subscribe again for next year !" Passing abruptly to civic matters, I asked, " 'lhe shrievalty must take-a good deal of your time from management?" "Yes; but I've got good managers to work for me— men who can Buggest ideas, and yet are not abovo carrying out instruc tions. I can depond on them. A good general is the man who gets good lieutenants." And Mr. Harris spoke very warmly of his helpers in his multitudinous works. "There's the County Gounoil, too?" I suggested, witli an interrogative air. " In connection with that," Mr. Harris said, " there is one thing I find very awk ward. The theatres will look upon me as a county councillor, and the Ctounty Council will look upon me as a theatrical manager. Qnce I found it very troublesome. 1 went to see 'Ghosts' at -the Royalty." And here it seems proper to assure the great public of England that Mr. Harris is emphatically not an Ibsenite. At the "Ghosts" performance he protested in the strongest manner compatible with the re straint felt , by ono who had himself been author, actor, and manager. Ho could not hiss, pr hoot,' or boo ; so, with inflexible dignity, he went to sleep. To resume. " I could not pay for my scat, as do money was taken at the doors. They certainly would not let mo in as a county.councillor. I found it was no good to appeal to them as a brother manager ! but I ultimately got in as the proprietor of the Sunday Times." I -thought of Cerberus, who was threo gentlemen at ' once, and said, " Another undertaking ! Wo haven't donq with the theatres yet, though. Aren't you going to Btarl a new theatre for the performance of high-class comedy " , "Oh, yes; but that's in the future." "For the present, then. There is Her Majesty's ; haven't you—" "JiiBtgot the lease— yes. It's a magni ficent position, and I am go.ing to givo tho British public high-class musie there. They say it wants high-class masic. I don't know. It's an experiment." Somehow I thought I discerned a shade of scepticism iu Mr. Harris' tone, and I ven tured To suggest) in the matter of that high- class music : " As at the Empire, oh?" " At the Empire," said Mr. Harris— and methougbt tho county councillor asserted himself for a moment beneath the mnsk of the manager— "I was only Interested in tho stage part. I tried to improve music-hall entertainments, and I produced there the finest ballets in the world— 'Diana,' ' The PariB Exhibition,' 'The Duel in the Snow,' 'Cleopatra,' and tho 'Dream of Wealth' (of whiolil gave them the idea). But after starting the affair and putting it, with regard to capital, on a firm financial basis, secure from unforscen contingencies — and, with regard to tho dividend to tho shareholders, paying nearly 100 per cent.— I loft it,, having arranged the most im portant productions for the next two years (now nearly expired)." " What about Olympia? Aro you going to make that pay, when £400,000 has ijeon almost sunk in it ?" " We don't want £400,000," Mr. Harris replied with animation. " They have sont it and loft a buildiug in perfoct working order, which only needs to open its doors with a good programme and a small working capital. It's tho same as tho opening of the Empire, and wo start fair, with no promotion money to pay." " 'Venice in London ' ought to draw all London. It will shut up all the exhibi- bitions 1" "I hope not. I'm on tho committee of tho Naval and the German exhibitions." " You haven't any other theatrical specu lations, I suppose ?" (This with some confi dence.) " I have the Tyne Theatre, Newcastle ; a burlesquo company — now playing 'Venus' — on tour; a dramatic company on tour. I am now laying down the lines of my autumn dramu with Henry Pettitt, and col laborating on a classical extravuganza with Edward Rose. I have bought tlio English rights of several French plays — 'MaCousine,' ' Fou Toupinel " ".'LuBasoche?'" I asked, feebly. That laBt answer had been a little overwhelming. " ' La Basoche ' I have sold. I bonght it for the Carl Rosa Company, and ihey didn't i — 7— liko it; so 1 took it back at tho price I bad given, and sold it to D'Oyly Carte for ten times the sum." In the dining-room wo found Mrs. Harris, who promptly suggested soveral moro of her husband's occupations, and handed him a little list of letters to bo written — among others, ono to the King of Italy, who had written to thank him for services in connec tion with Italian opera. " Thero are his maBonic duties, too, and his work in connection with some of the city companies." " How do you do it all ?" was tlio ine vitable quostion. ' I had struggled against it for an hoiii and a half, but it had to come. " Oh, as things come along day by day they have to bo uttendoil to." This was the explanation, and it certainly soeined quite Bimplo. "By-the-byo, I'm having a new telephone arrangement here — bo that if I'm kept in by illneBs I shall be able to hear the operas." There doesn't seem much danger of that," said Mrs. Harris. "We've beon mar ried 10 yoars, and in that time he has only kept his bed two days." "You ard not 40 yet, I think, Mr. Harris?" "No— 39." "And — and"— the question was a littio bald, but out it came — " are you anything else?" "" Oil, I daresay. Yes ; for example, I'm on the committee of tho Metropolitan Gardens Association and tho committee of Sanitation and Demography" (I should havo liked to ask what demography was, but I considered the dignity of the press and was silent). "I'm a Fellow of the Scottish Literary Institution, a Knight of tho Order of Erncstiuc, and I've a variety of letters nfter my name— F.Z.S., F.R.B.S.— " ,"M.P.?" I suggested gently, with on eye to the future. "Ah-h 1" 