: '-; isooiiL5 GOSSIP' EROM jHOMfe ' 1 i The London, "eorresponderit of the 'Argus,' writing from Lp,ndpn;, on/Deo., .,26;,,, says,:— - j - ! I.beHeyei that:,tlip;;nam.e.;:Pf .Siri jphn; Pope Hennessy, M.P., for North Kilkenny, is not orie: of good' odour in-oolonial nostrilsr-Thore is a humorous-;. Agent-General in London who is used to say. tliaE the 'most important branch of his , husiriess--"'-liTis hitherto eonsistedin pressing for periodical assurances fromth'e Colonial Minister that, ..Sir John shall Ario't be sent to govern , tlie,. .col'qriy which that Agent-General represents. Nevertheless, for Londoners who have only'mpt him in his private-. capacity, tlio "Pope," as ho ls called, is a quaiiit", sympathe tic, -witty, and likeable little person, , overflowing with reminiscence some ofF it'i venomous enough — and possessing an enormous store of anecdote on every conceivable subject, from the hiPtory of murder as a fine arc to tliat of old silver and .Orieiital enamels. Hi? appearance is singularly ploaspnt ; rill the mora "so singe his hair became silvered.: ' His fcaturris are refined, and his oyos of exceptional beauty, and. lie is al- wayi a dandy in his ..dresB, His. .fellow-mem bers of tho Carlton are cliroilicallyin two minds', whether to ,. expel him, or, join liim at his luncheon- table. Whether they will stand his coining into Parliament on the shoulders .of the Gladptoniari section of the Ifisli Nationalists re mains to he seen ; but hitherto the fact that he is " the best company in England" has served to obtain for him immunity from the conse quences of his political aberrations; As a colonial Governor,, Popo Herinessy's 'specialite' was his aptitude f6r driving his higher subordinates into; a condition of frenzied rebellion, How deep was , the resentment . which ho ,cquld excite is illustrated by an anecdote which was told to mo; by an Englishman who visited.Cyprus at the; timo when the " Pope " was a colonial Governor! in another colony. I11 Cyprus my .friend made;/ tho acquaintance of a high official who came from the colony which " the Pope" was.actually go verning, aqd ..>vho was serving at just half his former salary, but glad to make any sacrifice, both in pay and (as it will be seen) in other con veniences of lifo, in ordor to be free from the terrors of serving under Sir John. The Crown colony from which he had fled happens to be singularly rich, and a model of luxurious eleg ance in all tliqt relates to municipal, life,, such as the keeping of the street?, arid, modes of trans port. In ' Cyprus it is otherwise. The place is rough and uncivilised, arid the natives are al lowed to do much as they please, iri their' old piggish wily. 0|rie riight iriy friend , and . the official exile, ' ' together with the ladies of the latter's family, were returning from a Nicosia dance. Thoro are no gas lamps in, that capital, and the exiled one was leading the way with a lantern. Presently the: lanteitn, . disappeared, then tlio ladies,' and, last of all; my friond also — the whole party 7 having tumbled into a deep ditch' which soriie Greek had atriused himself by cutting across tho highway in order to obtain a water supply from fher pqblip conduit. As tho whqlo . party were flqu'nderii jg, in the slush of this; living gravo, the qifioial exilq (who was bottom of qR) was heqrd feeTily remarking to my friend, " Now,, perhaps, you'll understand the strength and depth of. my, hatred , for Hen nessy. This isn't exactly the way we go homo from a ball in my old colori'y." The present week has witnessed a curious if not wholly ecltfjtfhg cetemoriy — the burial of a: Duchess of IWrthumb'erland in the terribly oorps'e-cfowdpd prooirio't's'o'f YVestriiinstev AblJey. ; So full is the available grave space .that mapy! question trie1 judgmerit, of DeAii Bradoley . in al- j lowing the intqrmorit , , pf Rqri'prt... Browning, within tlio ' abbey. ., Evoni , tljq,pape for mpralj tablets of.greqt.ntsri; buried., elpewh'qro haB be-; come so 6caro tliqta: moytemeriv.iq:qn.,(oot/)fori adding to the abbey a sort of " annex" to serve i as " a national Walhalla," as it is called by Mr Shaw-Lefevre, the father of -tho project"; and this would long ago have been done if it had not involved cutting off a piece of Mr Lriboucher'es back garden, who lives under the shadow of the abbey: in n roomy old palace, ivhich till l|e toqk it irifiand' ha been for a eentury past occupied by 'tlirigy offices. Mr Labouch'ore, by the way, is accustomed to declare that the chief attrac tion which the house has for him is that it possesses a subterranean passage excavated by some unknown conspirator of the past, and run ning 7 right under the centre of the floor of the Houso of Lords and thus affording facilities for !' ending"- thai institution if all chance of " mending" it fails. The opinion among antiquaries, is that the passage was not oxca- vatea witfi any political object, but simply for convoqieqcq 0 arnuggling Hogsheads of foreigti, wine frbni barges in the fiver. It would, how ever, obviously spoil a good joke to push on .the work st qlearjng the ' debris ' so as. to prove that .tpq tiiriqel had ap exit at thp rivep.side; qnd be-; yond the point under the woblsaok thri passpgq remains blocked. However, to return to tlio obsequies of the duchess. The right of ' the- Pprcy's" to hqry in the ahbey is a traditional, pqe.' Formerly, other families clajrqed '< q' similar fight, but thoy have all waived it except the Northumberland Percys, who probably, cling to it all thp more tenaciously because they a.rq, pot, Percys, but Smith?ons in. tho male lpjq. Happily fop the abbey authorities ihq Percys haye 7 pqt qlways insisted op their rights. lb is llfi years since p Duolress 'of N(>rt|)umerpd was last buried in the abbey. The last Percy funoral in the abbey, or at all events tho last which excited any : public notice, was :that"pf_ Hugh, third ' Duke of Northumberland, ' who'" died in February, 1847— the last but one of an extinct branch of tho Smithson-Percys," noted for the physical misfortunes of their lost ro- pfqsqntptivep. prikriHuh rs"sai;to!hay'e('diod oisse.ein? ,the. 0iampse-t'®ips. . What caused tbo isliock was riotsri mtioK :a" i feeling C.ofJ pityS for these unfortunate men as the thought that it was possible that the then Duchess"might pre-' sent him with a-t similar /.addition "to -the Northumberland fariuly.'' ? Lawyer' after lawyer was consulted on the question,- if such an event wore to happen, whieh of the two would be ffieir tq-'-'.lie dukedqml-7i ri-'jYaip) didj tl\c?'q' wretched men seek to cloak their legal ignor ance by pointing out that the Duke and Duohess were well stricken in years, and, never having had-; any. children, ;, were -not likoly . to ,.he so /blessed by heaven in the . future. Tortured .by ithe irisoluble -problem, tlie unhappy Duke took to his bed and gave up the ghost. The Duchess, who was quietly buried the other day, is well known in the religious history of the contury as one of the saints of the Irvingite Church, she and her husband having been the main bene factors by whoso bounty that now rotten sterile body was enriched by the possession of . the most beautiful modern cathedral in England. She. vac a singularly go.od-.wcraan,. and. in... very truth a mother to all tho vast number of people who, as tenapts;, labourers, qy:sei;yants,'depencl upon the house of Northumberland! Her' father was Henry Drummorid, M.P., orie of the bank ing family, a man famous in his day for his,;wit," eccentricity, . arid": learning: iAs'a sample of/the' curious theories he used to hold, it may . bo men tioned that he used to .asse.rt?that,'there.7were always 4,000,000 Jews in the world— no more and / no , less. . The J e.yyishj pppulation-might ap-. pear in places' to increase, but7triiriwas falla cious, for, for every Jew born into the world, some o.ther, Jew died, far/or near, at thminstant of his birth. He gave as a reason for this singular dispensation of the Providence, that hqving regard to the acreage and rainfall, of the Holy Land; i,060,O0QJews wepq.all \vho could comfortably be located there; aiid itfi hitri, tl)e restoration of the ' Jews to Palestine under a millennial dispensation was an : event hourly "to be expected. He was one of the " twelve apostles " of the Irvingite Church',! arid it was he who imbued his daughter and her husband—"" their Irvingite enthusiasm — - "1C" 