Here and There. BY "JAPONICA." A happy New Year to everybody and everybody else, to the Nepean Times staff, to its many readers, its numerous correspon dents, hands across the mountains, across the plains, and over the hills and far away. One in our wish and in our longing To make the world with our reach, Somewhat the better for our living And gladder for our human speech. The New Year has set in again, a kind of way it has every now and then— it don't rain as numerously as it should do in Cum berland's beautiful county. The sun sets red in the west precisely every evening— let it set— and the song of the mosquito is heard in the twilight. Dear reader, this maybe your last day, so don't trouble about to-morrow. Never do to-day what could be done another day. Besides, by putting it off you might possibly coax someone else to do it for you. Procrastination might save you a troublesome job. He that hath ears to hang down, let them hang. * * * Folks who domesticate themselves in one corner of the globe for any length of time naturally grow conservative in mind. With them the old way is the best. They desire no change and want no improvements. What suited their grandmothers suits them and so they oppose all local advancements, showing very clearly that their minds are as narrow as the extent of their travels. I think they who opposed Mr Fleming and others in establishing a municipality for St. Marys can already see the advantages of it. It is growing into shape and will yet be one of the prettiest and cleanest townships in the colony. I think the present batch of alder men have done very well indeed and the ratepayers wont do better than re-elect the two retiring aldermen. * * * I love to linger on the track Wherever I have been, In after years to loiter back On scenes that I have seen. A village churchyard is not a lively spot to spend a part of one's holiday in, yet for all that, a quiet hour with the dead does a body good. All men are equal in their birth, Heirs of earth and sky; All men are equal when the earth, Fades from their closing eyes. Yes indeed, envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitableness ends here. Thus Addi son: "When I look upon the tombs of the great, every emotion of envy dies within me." The cherished wise and the good of the long ago and the loved ones of the near past whom I used to meet down in the vill age are sleeping here. Old year, which graspest a the stones That name the underlying dead, Thy fibres net the dreamless head, Thy roots are wrapt about the bones. The seasons bring the flowers again, And bring the firstlings to the flock; And in the dusk of thee, the clock, Beats out the little lives of men. * * * Some townships are artificially nice, St. Mary's is naturally nice, situated on the Great Western Road; it is as old as colonial history, and until very recently was a one street town, with a few pubs, and a black smith shop, merely a carriers camp. The establishment of a railway station half a mile north of the town, and the establish ment of a large tannery by John Page, half a mile south, gave it a second birth, it is now essentially, a thriving manufacturing township, the very heart and home of tanners. Someone has said, "that he who plants a tree, builds a house, or gives em ployment to another does the state some good," and whilst a great many residents of St. Marys can claim to have done the state considerable service, yet I think no one can claim to have done more than Robert Sad dington, who was the first to subdivide his estate into cheap allotments, the people built homes for themselves, and widened the township considerable. Had Mr Hac kett followed suit with his fine estate near the railway station, the railway would not be half a mile from the township, as it is to day. * * * Constable Martin of St. Marys is the right man in the right place. I hear noth ing but praise of him. He does his duty well, and knows just precisely when his duty calls him. It is a pity the authorities don't build him a better house to live in, the rooms in the present police station are mere pigeon boxes, and the cell is close to the bedroom, for my part, I think if I was Mr Martin, and wanted a quiet nights rest I would never think of running a noisy drunk in. * * * Why not build a new police station some where in the centre of the town. One of our old policemen told me that it was a dreadful place near that graveyard at night. One night he heard a great noise, but what was it, but the ghosts of Gidley King and Danny Smith, playing hop-scotch on top of the church, and now that we are incorporated, and becoming great, why not have our own court of Petty Sessions. 