The Latest Mystery at the Egyptian Hall. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, who has done more than any man of his time to expose < the mere trickery and charlatanism of Spiritualism and the occult sciences, was not likely to leave the baser part of Theosophy and Mdme. Blavatsky alone. He boldly declares on the platform that Mdme. Blavatsky "precipi- tated" letters in the East by the simple ex- pedient of confederates and cracks through a woodeu ceiling, and he asserts that Mdme Blavatsky Tas unable to do in the WAHI what she did in the EaBt, for the very simple re'»on that here we have lath-and-plaater ceilings and no cracks. But when it comes to success in " precipitating," Mr. Mnekelyne claimo that he can do things " as wonderful, and to laymen as inexplicable, as anything done by any amount of Mahatmas in Thibet." They can only precipitate letters and objects ; ha can precipitate a human being, and he proceeds to do it with a very elaborate version of the well-known '* vanishing trick," the germs of which were shown by Eobert Houdin in England over forty years ago. Briefly, Mr. Maskolyue puts the case thus : " I perform tricks ; the Theosophists I believe in miracles. You, who look on, can- not explain either the one or the other. You are decieved. Why, then, should the Theo- sophists' miracles have more mys'ery attached to them than my tricks, which to you who look on are inexplicable ? Strip the mystery from one and the illusion from the other, and you find in both-a simple trick." A small raised platform is placed upon the stage, and at ench corner of this platform, upon which an armchair rests, is an upright brass rod down which slides a green baize curtain enabling the occupant of the chair to be con- cealed momentalriy from view. Between the platform upon which the chair rests and the real or stage platform there is a clear space, and in order that it may not be supposed that this space is provided with a look- ing-glass, as in the Pepper's ghost illusion, Mr. Maekelyne's assistants walk round the structure, and show that the lower parts of their legs can clearly be seen by the audience on the other side. Moreover, a committee of persons among the audience are invited on the platform, and a young man having taken his seat in the chair he is strapped into it, and one of the members of the audience holds the end of a strap while another holds the protruding hand of the sitter. Presently the gentleman who holds the sitter's hand is requested to put into it a heavy iron magnet. The hand is Been to grasp the magnet, and ali is in readiness. The green baize curtains are drawn. Imme- diately the band lets fall the magnet with a loud bang* on the stage, and at the same time the strap which is being held at the opposite corner gives way, and is found to be quite loose in the hand of the person holding it. All this takes but a second or two, and the curtains are drawn up again ; whereupon, hey 'presto ! the figure in the armchair has disappeared from his place of concealment in full view of both audience and committee of inspection. In another minute the " precipitated" person is seen coming for the back of the audience, he walks up to the platform and is received with tumultuous applause. Mr. Maskelyne is assisted in the invention of his new mystery, called " Oh ! !" by Mr. Charles Morritt, who id one of the neatest professors of the art of sleight-of-hand that London has ever seen. He is quicker, more alert and deceptive than Hermann, who | is probably the best " palmist" of our time. 