LITERARY NOTES. The following sonnet is from " The North Shore Watch and Other Poems," by George Woodberry, of Boston, U.S.A. : England, I stand on thy imperial ground, Not all a stranger : as thy bugles, blow I feel within my blood old battles flow The blood whose ancient counts in the area found, Still surging dark against the Christian bound Wido Islam presses ; well its peoples know Thy heights that watch the wandering below 5 I think how Lucknow heard their gathering sound, I turn and meet the cruel, turbaned face. England, 'Tis sweet to be so much thy son 1 I feel the conqueror in my blood and race ! Last night Trafalgar owed me, and to-day Gibraltar wakened; hark I the evening gun Startles the desert over Africa. The Morning Advertiser, the special organ of the licensed victuallers, which issued its first number in 1794, has just lowered its price from 8d. to 9d. The Times is now the only 3d. paper in London. A lady-Mrs. Gordon-has just published a work on " Decorative Electricity." . Great regret is expressed at the death, in his 71st year, in January, of Professor Casey, LL.D., F.R.S., Fellow of the" Royal University of Ireland. He was a distinguished mathematician and the author of many histories on the higher mathematics, which are held in great repute, as well as of elementary works which have been adopted in the schools, not only of Ireland, but of France and other countries. Herr Rudolf Loewenstein, the founder of Kladderadatsch, the Berlin Punch, died in January. He was a great political wit, the author of hundreds of humorous ballads and songs, and a celebrated after-dinner speaker. Herr Loewenstein left Kladderadatsch four years ago, at the time when it became a mouth- piece of Prince Bismarck, and thereby lost much of its former prestige. He was 72 years of age. Sir Richard Burton once visited a Persian village in the disguise of a fakir. A house was assigned to him and in order to keep up his reputation as a holy man he scribbled 'BOine sacred words on the outside of his door with some phosphorus. This was done before sunset, and when darkness descended, to 1 the holy man's house was decorated with a flaming text from the Koran. The result was a rush for relics of the saint, and the whole house was pulled down over his head! Many of the best designers of book covers in the United States, according to the Commercial Advertiser, are women, and " the finest work done for the leading publishers comes from them." Although improved in health Mr. James Bussell Lowell has felt obliged to withdraw from his proposed course of lectures on " The Old English Dramatists" at the University of Pennsylvania. Messrs. A. Asher and Co. have just published a monumental work, " Monuments of Ancient Mexican Art of which only seventy nine copies are offered for sale at the price of £45 each. The volume of text is in Spanish, French, and English, and is accompanied by two portfolios, containing 318 plates, of which 178 are coloured. The work is published by order of General Pacheco, Minister of Public Works under President Diaz. The late King Kalakaua, of the Sandwich Islands, it is stated, shortly before his death, intrusted to a New York publisher an original MS. entitled " Mankind." The ideas enunciated are, it is understood, altogether unconventional. It is probable that the book will rank amongst the curiosities of literature. King Kalakaua had a pleasing facility in sentimental vernacular verse. ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AS A POET. Mr. R. L. Stevenson, the well-known novelist, who has recently, as we all know, taken up his abode in Samoa, has just published a volume of Ballads" dealing chiefly with subjects derived from the folk-lore of the South Seas. Raheny, who figures in one of the ballads, is a sort of Tahitan "Taffy." Instead of the legendary leg of beef, however, he steals a dish of fish. The purloined dainty belongs to the king who, talked of his meal, has its whilom custodian-a boy called Távnatéa-summarily put to death. The vengeance of the victim's mother is described in the second part of the poem : But the mother of Tamara arose with death in her eyes. All night long, and the next, Talarno rang with her cries. As when a babe in the wood turns with a chill of doubt. And perceives no home, nor irienUB.for the trees have closed her about, The mountain kings and her breast is torn with the voice of despair : So the lion-like woman idly wearied the air For awhile, and proceed men's hearing in vain, and wounded their hearts. But as when the weather changes at sea, in dangerous parts, And sudden the hurricane wreck unrolls up the front of the sky, At once the ship lies idle, the sails hang silent on high, The breath of the wind that blow is blown out like the flame of a lamp, And the silent armies of death draw near with inaudible tramp: So sudden, the voice of her weeping ceased; in silence she rose And passed horn the house of her sorrow, a woman clothed with repose, Carrying death in her breast and sharpening death, with her hand. She persuades a neighbouring chief to invite the king and all his claim to a feast, and then to burn themalivewhen heavy with food and drink. The subject of the second ballad is even less inviting-a cannibal feast of the Marquesan islanders. Rua, the child of dirt," For the skinless loon," forgetting his nationality, is secretly loved by the chief's daughter Taheia, but is marked out for slaughter at the orgies of her people and has to fly to the woods to avoid his fate. The love story of Rua and Taheia is prettily told, but in such a setting of brutish horrors fares worse than the ill bestowed jewel to which the wise have compared "a fair woman without dis- cretion." Here is one passage-it is the maiden, Taheia, who speaks first : sOn high with the Kakariki my father sits in state, Ton times fifty kinsmen salute him in the gate ¡ Round all his mart sale body, and in hands across his face, The marks of the tatooed proclaim his lofty place. I too, in the hands of the cunning, in the sacred cabin of palm, Have shrunk like the mimosa, and blessed like the lamb ; Round half my tender body, that none shall clasp but you, For a crest and a fair adornment go dainty lines of blue. Love, love, beloved Rua, love levels all degrees, And the well-tatooed Taheia clings panting to your knees." -Tahoia, song of the morning, how long is the longest tow of A ory, a clasp of the hands, a star that falls from above I Ever at morn in the blue, and at night when all is black, Ever It skulls and troubles with the hunter, Death on its track." According to the poor the " dainty lines of blue which run half-way round Taheia's figure are anything but a blemish. There is a ring of genuine sympathy and spirit in the verses quoted below-from the ballad of the gallant Cameron which is altogether lacking in the well- worked-up enthusiasm of the cannibal island lyrics. Cameron refuses to break his word, even at the behest of his brother's ghost ; It fell in the time of midnight, . When the fox barked in the den And the planes were over the faces v In all the houses of men, That as the living Cameron Lay sleepless on his bed, Out of the night and the other world, ' Came into him the dead. " My blood is on the heather. My bones are on the hill There is joy in the home of ravens That the young shall eat their HU. My blood is poured in the dust, My soul is spilled in the air; And the man that has undone rae Sleeps in my brother's care." " I'm was for your death my brother, But if all of my house were dead, I echidna withdraw the plights.! !:..-1 Nor break the word once said." TO what shall I say to our father, in the place to which I fare ? O what shall I say to our mother, Who greats to see me there And to all the kindly Camerons That have lived and died long-syne It this the word you send them, Pause hearted brother mine ?" " It's neither fear nor duty, It's neither quick not dead Shall gar mc withdraw the plighted hand, Or break the word once said." 