rhe storyteller. THE SIGN OF THE FOUR. Bv A. Conan Doyle in ** LirnxcoTT's Maoazinu.' CHAPTER U.— (Coutwurd.) 'What a veiy attractive woman J' I ex claimed, turning to my companion. Ho had lit his pipe again, and waP leaning back with drooping eye-lids. 'Is she?' he said, languidly. ' I did not observe.' 44 Tou really are an automaton— a calculating machine !' I cried. ' There is something posi tively inhuman in you at times.' lie smiled gently. ' U is nt the th at impor tance,' he said, ** not to allow your judgment to be biassed by personal qualities. A client is to me a mere unit — a factor in a problem. The emotional qualities are antagonistic to clear reasoning. I assure you that the most winning vonum 1 ever knew was hanged for poisoning throe little children for their insurance-money, and the most repellent man of my acquaintance is a philanthropist who has spent nearly a mil lion upon the London poor.*' 44 In this case, however — ' ' [ ucvcr make exceptions. An exception disproves the rule. Have you ever had occa sion to study character in handwriting ? What do you make of this fellow's scribble ?' ' It is legible aud regular,' I answered. ' A man of business habits and some force of char acter.' I Holmes shook his head. ' Ijook at his long letters,' he said. ** They liardly rise above the j comi'inn Jii'i'd. That -f might be an n, and that J /an«. Men of character always differentiate their long letter*, however illegibly they write. There is a vacillation in his A's and self-esteem in his capitals. I am going out now. I have some few references to make. Let me recom mend this book — one of the most remarkable ever penned. It is Win wood Reade's * Martyr* dom of Man.' 1 shall be back in an hour.' I sat at the window with the volume in my hand, but my thoughts were far from tlie dar ing speculation of the writer. My mind ran upon our late visitor— her smiles, the deep rich tones of her voice, the strange mystery which ; overhung her life. If she were seventeen at tbe time of her father's disappearance she must be | Fcven-and-twenty now — a sweet age, when youth has lost its self-convciousncss and be come a little sobered by experience. So I sat and mused, until such dangerous thoughts came into my head that 1 hurried away to my de*k aud plunged furiously into the latent treatise upon patholox.r. What was I, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker banking account, that 1 should dare to think of such things? She was a unit, a factor — nothing fnore. U my future were black, it was better surely to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere will-o'-the-wisps of the imagination. CHAPTEU III. — is quest or a solution. It was half-past five before Holmes returned. lie was bright, eager, and in excellent spirits — a mood wliich in his case alternated with fits of the blackest depression. 41 There ia no great mystci-y in this matter,' he said, taking the cup of tea which I had poured out for Uim. 'The facts appear to admit of only one explanation.' 11 What ! you have solved it already? 1 ' Well* that would be too much to say. T have discovered a suggcutivc fact, that is all. It is, however, very suggestive. The details are still to be added. I bave juBt found, on con sulting the back* files of the Tivtcf, tbat Major Shoito, of Upper Norwood, late of the 34th Bombay Infantry, died upon the 2Sth of April, 1882.' ' I may be very obtuse, Holmes', hut I fail to see what this suggests.' 'No? Vou surprise me. Look at it in this way, then. Captain Morstan disappears. The only person in London whom be could have visited is Major Shoito. Major Shoito denies having heard that he was in London. Pour years later Rholto dies. Within a wek of lii* Captain Morstan's daughter receives a valuable present, which is repeated from year to year, and now culminates in a letter which describes her as a wronged woman. What wrong can it refer to except the deprivation of her father ? And why should the presents be gin immediately after flholto's death, unless it is that Sholto's heir knows something of the mystery and desires to make compensation ? Have you any alternative theory which will moet the facts ?' 'But what a strange compensation! And how strangely made! Why, too, should he write a letter now, rather than six years ago ? Again, the letter speaks of giving her justice. What justice can she have ? It is too muoh to suppose that her father is still alive. Thore is no otber injustice in her case that you know of.' ' There are difficulties ; there are certainly difficulties,' said Sherlock Holmes, pensively. ' But our expedition of to-night will solve them all. Ah, here is a four-wheeler, and Miss Moretun is inside. Arc you all ready ? Then we had better go down, for it is a little past the hour.' 1 picked up my hat and my heaviest stick, but I observed that Holmes took his revolver from his drawor and slipped it into bis pocket. It was clear that he thought that our night's work might bo a serious one. Mik* Morston waa muffled in a dark cloak, and her sensitive face was composed, but pule. She must hftvo been more than woman it she did uot feel some uneasiness at the sirange enterprise upon which wa were embarking, yet her self-control was pcrfect, and she readily answered tlie few additional questions which Sherlock Holmes put to her. ' Major Shoito w a very particular friend of papa's,' sho said. ' His letters wero full of allusions to the major. He and papa wore in i command of tho troops at tho Andaman Is lands, so they wcro thrown a great deal to gether. By tho way, a curious paper was found in pupa's desk which no one could understand. I don't suppose that it is of tho slightest itn portance, uut I thought you might care to see it, so I brought it with inc. It is hero.' Holmes unfolded the paper carefully and i smoothed it out upon his knee. He thon very I methodically examined it all over with hfe I double less. . - ' It a paper of native Indian m&nufaotuvc;,' ho remarked. 11 It has at some time been pinned to n Imnrd. The diitgram upon it ap pears to lit a plan of u. lnrge building with numerous halls, utrridors, und pannages. At one point is a fuiuII uiohs done in rod ink, und nLovc it is ? 3.87 from left,' in faded pencil writing' In the left-hnnd comer is a curious hieroglyphic like four crones in a line with their arms touching. Beside it is written, in { very rough and coarse characters, * Tho sign of | the four— Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, Abdullah Khnu, Djet Akhnr.' No, I confess that I do not see how th s Wars upon the mat ter. Yet it i« evidently n document of import ance. It has been kept carefully in a pocket- , book ; for the one yide is ns clenn as the other.' ' It. was iti his pocket-huuk that we fr.und ii.*' ' Preserve it carefully, then, Mis« Mor-lnn, for it mnv prove to be of use to us. I he^iu to .«UKpect that this mutter tuny turn out to ho much deeper n»nl more subtle than 1 at /ir.-t supposed. I must reeoiwidcr my ideas.' Ik leHtied buck in thecal), und 1 could m-e by his drawn brow and his vueiint eye that lie was thinking intently. Mis* Mur-tnu mid lelutited in an undei tone about ou;* present expedition and its possible outcome, but our companion maintained his impenetrable reserve until tl:e end of our journey. U was r September evening, mid not \vt seven o'clock, but the day had been a dreary one. and a dense driz/.ily fog lay upon tlie ^mnt city. Mud-eolorcd clouds drooped sadly over the muddy streets. Down the Strand tlie lamps were but misty nplotchos of diffused light which threw a feeble circular glimmer upon the slimy pavement. The yellow glare from the shop-windows steamed out into the ntcamy, vaporous air, and threw a murky, shifting radiance across the crowded thoroughfare. There was, to my mind, something eerie and ; ghost-like in the endless procession of faces which flitted across these narrow bars of li^ht — sad faces and glad, haggard and merry. Like all human kind, they Hittcd from the gloom j into the light, and so back into the gloom once more. I am not subject to impressions, but the dull, heavy evening with the strange busi ness upon which we were engaged, combined to make me nervous and depressed. I could see from Miss Morstau's manner that she was suffering from the same feeling. Holmes alone could rise superior to petty influences, lie held his open note-book upon his knee, and from time to time he jotted down figures and memo randa in the light of his pocket-lantern. At the Lyceum Theatre the crowds were al ready thick at the side-entrances. In front a continuous stream of hansoms and four wheelers were rattling up, discharging their | cargoes of shirt-fronted men and beshawled, tie- I diamonded women. We had hardly reached j the third pillar, which was our rendezvous, be- i fore a small, dark, brisk man in the dress of a ] coachman accosted us. ' Are you the parties who come with Miss Morstan?' he asked. ' I am Miss Morstan, and thc^c two gentle men are my friend*,' said she. He bent a pair of wonderfully penetrating and questioning eyes upon us. ' You will ex cuse me, miss,' he said, with a certain do^-zed manner, *' but 1 was to usk you to give inc your word that neither or your companions ir« u police -oOicer.' ' I give you my word on that.' sho an.suvred. He gave a shrill whistle, on whiuh a ft reel Arab led across a four-wheeler, iuid opened the i door. The man who had addressed us mounted j to the box, while we took our places inside. We had hardly done so before the driver whipped up his horse, and we plunged away at a furious pace through the foggy streets. The situation was a curious one. We were driving to an unknown place, on an unknown errand. Yet our invitation was either a com plete hoax— which was an inconceivable hypo thesis — or else we had good reason to think that important issues might hang upon our journcy. Miss Morstan'a demeanor was as tt* solute und collected as ever, I endeavored to cheer and amuse her by romlnisconces of my adventures in Afghanistan; but, to tell tho truth, 1 was myself so excited at our situation and so curious an to our destination that my stories wcro slightly involved. To this day she doclarcs that I told her one moving anecdote as to bow a musket looked into my tent at the dead of night, and how I fired a doublebar relled tiger cub at it. At first I had somo idea as to the direction in which we were driving; but soon, what with our pace, the fog, and my own limited knowledge of London, I lost my bearings, and knew nothing, save that we seemed to bo rc^ng a very long way. Sherlock Holmes wns never at fault, however, and he muttered the names as the cab rattled through Kjunros and in nnd out bv tortuous by -streets. ' Hoehester Bow,' said he. ' Now Vincent Siiunre. Now we come om came out on the Yuuxhall Bridge Hoad. We arc making for the Sirrrv hJ-K Jipparenilv. Yes, I thought so. Now we are on the bridge. You can catch gliuipiw ©f the river.' We did indeed ^et a fleeting view of a stretch of the Thames with the lamps shining upon the broad, silent water : but oureab dashed on, und was somi involved in a labyrinth of streets upon the other side. ' Wordsworth Hoad,1' said my companion. 11 Priory ltoad. Lark Hull Lane. Stockwell Place. Kohcrt Street. Cold Harbor Lane. Our (juest does not appear to take us to very fashionable regions.' We had, indeed, reached a questionable and forbidding neighborhood. Long lines of dull brick houses were only relieved by the coarse glare and tawdry briliianey of public houses at the comer. Then came, rows of two-Btoried villas each with a fronting of miniature garden, and then again inlcrtniinihlc lines of new staring brick buildings, — the monster tentacles which the giant citv was throwing out into the country. At last tfie cab drew up at the third house in a new terrace. None of the other houses were inhabited, and that at which we stopped was as dark as its neighbours, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. On our knocking, however, the door wus instantly thrown open by a Hindoo ten ant clad in yellow turban, witb loose-fitting cloths, and a yellow sash. There was something strangely incon gruous in this Oriental figure framed in the common-plaec door-way of u third-rate suburban dwelling-house. ' The Sahib awaits you,'' said he and even as he spoke there came & liifzh piping voice ftom some inner room. ' Show them in lo me, khitmutyar,' it rricd. ' Show them «lraight in to me.' ( Jo V HI Sttltuubfij'fi rfV.*, 