It Was Proba~bly an Oversightn,-Mrs. Porcifie has a very pronounced idea of .the proprieties of life, A few days ago, while at the races, Mr. Brown passed them, but his polite bow met'with only a frigid stare. "Why, mamma," exclaimed Miss Porcin', "you did not bow to Mr.-Browh n! My dear," .returned Mirs. Porcine, calmly, " we cannot afford to recognize Mr. Brown any more. He has neglected to observe'one of the proprieties of life,". " Why, whatdo you mean, mamma? When he went into mourning I thought he attenilcd to everything. . "No dear, he did rot." SThe young lady was thoughtful a moment, and then asked, " Isn't the black border on his calling'cards wide enough ?" " Oh, yes, that's'all right."' I"You- never saw him without a black bordered handkerchief, did you 1" S °, No." ,• , : "Is the :band on the hat too narrow '" "No; that's wide enough.' "Perhaps," suggested Mr. Porcine, sar castically," be ought to wear a.black border bn his'ollar, or inaybe there is a blue thread in his necktie."?? Mrs. Porcine did not 'deign -to notice this remark, but said to her daughter,-- .... " No; we cannot afford to notice him; The fact is, I saw one oflhis busincos cards yesterday, and it was- plain white-not even a narrow border of black." . i is'i i'.t'No? " in surprise. . " Indeed it's asI. say.'' " Hlow horriblel". . Nine Things a Baby can do -It. can beat any. alarm clock ever invented in !wak ing a family up in the morning. - : In a given time it can smash more, dishes than the most industrious servant girl in the. country. It can fail down oftener and with less pro vocation than the most expert tumble in the circus ring. , - It can make more genuine fuss over a simple brass pin than-its moth,': would over a broken back. . " . It can choke itself black in the face withl greater case than the .most accomplished wretch that ever nas r xectefd. \- It can keep a fathily n a 'constant ,tur moil from morning till night, dud night till morning, without once varying its time. It can b'reelied on to sleep. peacefully ail day when it's father is in town, and cry per. sistently at.night whehi he is, particula r!y sleepy. It may be the naughtiest, dirtiest, Ugliest, most fretful baby ii all the whole world, but you never can make its mother believe it, aqd you had better not try. - ' It can be a charming and model' infant when no one is about, but when visitors are present it can exhibit more bad temper than. Sboth of its parents put together. A Wife's Mistake.-A lady recently explored her lord's vest at about 4.30 a.m. Greatly to her astonishment, it contained.a 95 note, together with a regulation sus pender button and the customary night key. "e" Aha," she said ; "heknoweth riot that his vest containeth a £5 note, because when he came home he tried to light his pipe with a cigar stump. I will take the money and go shopping." She took the fiver and put half a sovereign and three shillings, back money that her lord might not be too sorely perplexed on count ing his capital. And as she started for her things to go down town her ,husband, who had been slyly watching her with one eye, chuckled like a fiend as he hurried quickly into his clothes and started out after a- cock tail. "Thirteen shillings," he soliloquized "thirteen shillings. Why, I'm in luck, and the country's saved. Severe cases require severe remedies; but my wife will be the maddest woman in town when she-finds she has given me thirteen shillings legal cur. rency for a counterfeit £5 note." Making a Settlement. -- Yes, my friends told me they would settle the difli culty with Jones for me; but I thought that I could settle it for myself." " And did you ?" "' No; I didn't, though I tried to." " Then it wasn't settled ?'! "Yes, it was." "Then your friends settled it, after all ?" S".No, they didn't." "Indeed I Then who: settled it?"' "Jones did." \- "Satisfactorily 1" " Isuppose that it was, so far as Jones was concerned." " Didn't you gain anything at all by the settlement 2" S" Oh, yes.; I gained some experience." Why Editors Pall from Grace.-Gentle reader, you sometimes wonder why newspaper men occasionally give way to passion; you think it strange.that they should not always be in the angelic mood in which you know them best. But if you Were to write, " Her dainty feekt were encased in satin slippers that might have served for Titania's fairy boots," and-to-find, upon reading the paper, that the compositor and proof- reader had entered into a horrible conspiracy, dnd traiis. muted your delicate rhetoric into, "Her dirty feet were encased in satin slippers that might have served for Titanic ferry.boats,"- wouldn't your; amiability bounce and- flutter :like a squib ? .Zounds I the chances are that you'd break all the commandments, as Moses did, at once, and glare about.for more. He's Tired of- Camping Out.--" No, I don't want any more fishing and camping out in mine," said a swarthy young man on a Northwestern train. "I' have just been trying it, and I have enough to last me a lifetime. My face tans easily, but I didn't Srealise how badly it had been baked until I had concluded to give up camping out and go to the hotels' for the rest. of the stay; When dinner was ready I went with the rest of the guests, -and, the head ivaiter being pretty busy, I found 6 seat for myself: Imagine my discomfiture when the head waiter came around a little later and tapped" me on the shoulder, saying,. loud enough for everybody in the room to hear, . Begpahdon, sab. but cullud persons not 'lowed to eat at fust table in dis house.". : :: Thirteen at Table. - "Noned of my jiatrons ever'order a dinner orl inch for thirteen," said a well known caterer. "Per haps it is out of respect for the guests as it is very hard to 'scat a company of thirteen. There is always one who prefers to wait, and usually some member of the family retires. At a recent lunch party in one of our best: families, a young lady -insisted: upon.eating at a side table rather than make athirteener. She saidl shd knewv she would die before the year was out if she sat at the table." "Do educated people believe there is any-. thing in this old superstition' " - , " Perhaps not, but it makes them uncom fortable. I served a dinher last year where thirteen sat at table, and one of the gentle men-took down all the names with the date." "Have any of them died ?"-: "I haven't heard of it. But-then-the.year. isn'toutyet." : .. "Do you really believe that there is a fate in it yours~elf .". "Neo o, not exactly, but strange things do happen sometimes. : A thiitteen plate dinner never turns out well,".: . ,:- - -: Look butfotbihe minawhih ;bgins saying he is not a bit superstitious. He is going to tell a ghost story that would makecold chills run . up and down the backbone of winter. He Stayed Because He Was Gone. Frther (at head of the stairs):Emily, isn't that young man goneyet 2" Yyung Spooner (answering): " Yes, sir; yrs, sir, entirely; quite gone-on your daughter, sir. But I'm afrlaid it's no go withe hrDla? ,.'e9' 