GENERALITIES.. A recant novt I has this pumge : —" A>rd With both arms clavped ti^htlv ant u r . her tender waist be stroked .her hair fond .y." - Brown—" Woat ! You are going to marry that wouiin 1 She he* no li.u--«\" R jl-iasun —" Ah, but uiy dear bo-, her father hap." Bri«flvs (» young lawyei)—'" Well, I'll be hanped !" O'd L j gal Hi»nd—" 1 wnuidu't i.e surprised—that if>, if you d^fecded youreell." Magistrate—" Were yon prisinc when the assault was committed on y" Witness— " May it plase the coort, I had Jis-t got there." Brown— u Y<n never know the worth of a wife Until some great trouble befalls you." Merrit—" Y^e, ii'd uic<j to. lay the blame on her."' ' Mr Stump caning hinie drunk one slippery Uijjbt s«id—"V-very ein^ular, when water fre<2iS, it alius freiZis with tbe slippery side «Pv ; _ Put having blist^red his fingers in trying on a new pair of bootp,^ sc'n me>l, " I ehaif nrvfr g«t hem on at all until I wtar them a dav or two?' - Phyllis—" When I grow up I krnw Bbat I Shall do." Jack—" Wbar, Pn\ llis 1' P.iylli? —" I shall just beep a sweet shop and not sell any." An Irif.hrontnan. uoinvited to a weke— well, I'll have a corpse of my own in my home pome djy, an' thin you'll see wbo'.I ba invited." The man who i.ever made a ruistohe is n mn of the womm who ntvir jjnwipe^, and of the man who never bad the best cure for rheumatism you ever saw." "What time do yoa dine," asked an nnmirried man of a married friend^ "Well, when I was a bachelor I dined at 7 always. Now I dine whenever dinner in ready." Irishman—" Notice the beautiful velvet sward in which our hills are clothed." Englishman—" Huh ! That's nothing. MaDy of oar bills in the old country wear fuiz •." Mamma (sternly) —" Don't you know that tha great King Solomon said, 4 Spare tbe rod and spoil the child ?' *' Bobby—" Yes, but he didn't say that until he was growed up." About Christmas time a little girl was told that" she was naughty, aud Santa Claus might not bring her a present." «' Well," said she, " you need not say it so near the chimney." " Talk about man breaking bis heart," sai 1 an o'd lady. " Well, perhaps he does, l,ut it's like a lobster breaking one of his claws— another sprouts out at once and grows in its place." Travers—" You have actually sent in a bill with my clothes! What insult! What infamy !"' Tailor—" It was all our new bookkeeper's fault, sir. He got mixed up with those who pay." A man xho pretended to have seen a ghost was asked what the ghost said to bim. " How should I understand," replied the narrator, " what he said ? I am not skilled in any of the dead languages." She—"That was such a funny elory you told me yesterday about a donkey, Mr. Griggs!" He—"Doyou think so?" Shr—"Ten,indeed I After this, whenever I see a donkey it will remind me of you !" " And don't you feel terribly the disgrace of being sent to prison ?" asked the visitor. " No, ma'am," returned tbe ex-tramp. " It ain'c the disgrace o' bein' sent, but ii/s the work that's eatin' my heart away." 4 4 The public schools are a great benefit to public interests," said the thoughtful man to bis neighbor. "Yes," was the reply, "they are. I don't know what the school-book pub- lishers would do without them." The town crier of Mallow took in charge a . lost child, and proceeded to bunt up its parents. On being asked by a lady what was the matter, he replied—"Here's an orphan child, ma'am, aud I am trying to find its parents." Friend—" Your dog looks completely worn out; has he been on a hunting expedition ?" Host— 41 Ob, no ; he followed my wife on a shopping tour to-day. He is a young dog and cannot eiand more than 40 or 50 miles a day." Guarded.—" And have you sufficient means, young man, to support my daughter in comfort 1" asked old Mr. Capelcourt. Why, 4 yes; provided I'm not ruined by tbe expenses of a long engagement!" replied tbe young man. Lady de Primrose—"What do you think ot the new duchess ?" Mrs Normandy— 41 Oh, she's a phonograph." Lady de Primrose—" I don'c understand. What do you mean ?" Mrs Normandy—" Well, you see, she speaks without thinking." Butler once bullied and badgered Judge Sanger out of all patience, until at last the judge said—" What does tbe counsel think -I am on the bench for J" Scratching his head, Butler replied—" Well, I coulees your, honor has got rue there." An old and rather lorg-wicded Scottish minister, on bis way borne trom church one Sunday morning, R cos. ted one of his parishioners with—" Weel, D maid, bow do you like mv sairmons?" "In vairy email doBeo," returned ihe truthful Donald. " Wb<r* are you goinp, my pre-ty maid ?" 4 I'm eoitig a-milkin;:, sii/'sh* suid. " May I go with you, my pretty maid?" Why, cert-tinly, as far as I'm coL- cerued ; I dori't see no use o' hRVin' you haDgiV round, but; I guess you'll tie company for the CJH. sir," she said. A lawyer, addressing a jury en a cape proved by strong circumstantial evioet.ee, repeated often that ninety-pine gulitv men should escipe rather than one itiuocent mau should eufer. Tfe j t^g" in cbkrgirg tbe j iry told them the "uiueiy-iiitjehad long eicca e cuped " A wealthy f rrner inteuding to send his son to college, lec^t.r'v »rore a letter to the' 4 head mister ot Oxtoid U.iiversi y," in which he 44 Slid— PieaceMy wiiat yanr terms are for a year, and will it c tst anything . x'ra it my son leartiS to writes good hnr.d aud epell proper, as well as to row a boat ?' An elderly gentleman was travelling litely While sfll c ed wi:h a vefry l.s<i cou^h, which greatly annoyed hi* fellow in-V-HcrR ; at last one of them remarked in R tone of di?p!paMir<", "Sir, that is a very bad ciuph <;t yours." " Trup, sir," replied the g'nt!nman ; 4, Lutyou will excuse me—it's the test I've Rot." Miw G')dolpbiii—" N'uv, wha 1 ; would be your term*, professor, for giving mv a course of S»v a d. Z'Q lessoiiR iii music ?' P-cft- pfor— 4 1 Wall, frankly, Mi^s Go'loi^-hin, I'm afraid, its too late in life for you tn b>*tm—tfcat is, if vou wish totakeitupi'p'iouply." Mi^sGodolphin— 41 Oh, but I doti't ! I only want to leam enough to be able t i reset ." ; . Teacher to new pupil—" W.'IH*. is your last name, nir little. msnJ' New pupil— 4 i Tommy." Teacher—"What is yonr fall ••smh?' pupil —" Tommy Jones." Tearber—"The'Jooes' i-> your last name." Tommy— 41 No n isn't. Wh-n I wat »M..-n my ?stm.i was 4 JoDPF,* and sh y <!i:Vi me the Other ^ne for a inc*:-.1jf si ,-r« 