NET FISHING AND HARBOUR POLLUTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-" Sinjun," in your to-day's issue, has unquestionably put his finger upon a most abominable state of things in attributing to the operations of the Italian fishermen a large measure of the pollution of the waters of the harbour, if he has not added much to the scientific aspect of the trouble. Three Italians come and go like ghosts. They have no name or number on their boats, and the men and their crafts are so much alike, identifying them appears out of the question. We residents on the river below G ndesvlllo Bridge only know that since their invasion our suburbs are no longer what they were and what they ought to be models of health and ottrootirono««. It is impossible now, at any state of the tide, to walk up the road from the Drummoyne Wharf without being most forcibly reminded of the pollution of the foreshores, the stench being inexpressibly sickening. Those Italians find our prettiest bars specially suited for their work, and make their hands two or three times a day, each time finding a number of catfish and others useless for, their purpose, which they simply cast on the beach and leave them to rot in the sun. Our Mayor says the offenders cannot be got at, because fresh-water mark is the municipal limit, whilst the authority in Philllp-street says such a practice is not illegal. Some of my neighbours having water frontages regularly have the discarded fish buried when they can find them. Then I have seen those foreigners following their avocation on Sunday during divine service. Surely this cannot be legal. Would it not be a good plan for the authorities to close the whole harbour for two or three years against net-fishing of any kind ; then these objectionable foreigners would be driven to find out, what are said to be plentiful enough, fresh fields for their operations; and there would be a chance of Australians again enjoying what used to be one of the attractions of our harbour-a successful day's Bne flutter at any time. I am, ten. OR MOYNE. April 28 