«STAND FaST. GbAIC-^STON!^ A HEW NOVEL. By WILLIAM BLACK, Authob of "A Peixcess of Thote," ".The New 1'bixce Foaiwcmra," All QUEENSLAND RI6HTS~RESERVEDi Chattee IX.—Beyokd Seas. ITT here on tho deck of this great ■White Star liner—with the yellow waters of the-Mersey lapping in the sunlight, and a brick breeze ; fclo and the curious excitement of departure thrilling through all tho hetero geneous orowd of the passengers—here Bome • thing of hope came to him at last. This was . better than haunting lonely restaurants, or walking through solitary streets ; he seemed to know that Maisrie was no longer in the land he waa leaving; she had fled away across the ooean—gone hack to the home, to some one of ♦ha various homes, of her childhood and girl* hood. And although it appeared a mad thing that a young man should set ont to explore bo vast a continent in search of his lost love, it was not at all the impossible task it looked. He had made certain calculations. News paper offices are excellent centres oi intelli gence ; and Scotch-American newspaper offices would still further limit.the sphere of. his in quiries. He had dreamed of a wide and sorrow ful 83a lying between him aad-Jhec.; . but j instead of that imaginary and impassably sea,: why, there w&b; only tho fdmiliirAtiantio, that ; nowadays you can cross in, leai thin a week. And when he found her, anl-sri^od hoc two hands fast, he would reproach, her—oh, yes ho would reproach her—though perhipn tbero anight be xnore of gUiness than «f auger in hU tones. lAh, false Iovj—traitress— coward heart—that ran away !; What Quixotic Belf-sacrifice waB itj then, that impeded you? —what fear of relatives?—what fire of wounded pride? No matter cow; you are caught and held. Tou gare yourself to me ; you cannot take yourself away again; nor shall any other. No more sudden disappearances—no more ; trembling notes of farewell—while I have you by the hand!' •' The last cheer had been shouted by the people crowded on the deck of the uow distant tender, the great skip was cautiously creeping down the stream, and the passengers, having done with waving of handkerchiefs (and here and there a furtive drying of eyes) te'. about pre paring for the voyage—securing their places at table, investigating their cabin*, and getting their things unpacked. These occupations iept most of them in their state-rooms until close on dinner-time, so that they had not much chance oi examining each other; but it is wonderful how Pumour runs in a ship—especially if the purser be a cheerful and communicative sort of person, 1 and so it was that when all were assembled ia the long and gorgeous saloon, two things had already become taiown, first, that the tall aud handsome young EsgHshmm who eeemed to have no companion or acquaintance on board was the newly elected member for Mendover ; and second, that the extremely pretty woman whohad the scat of honour at the- captain's table was a Mr?, de Lara, a South American, as might have been guee»edfrom h«rcomplexion, her eyes, and hair. It app ared to be a fore gone conclusion that Mrs. de L^ra was to be the belle of the ship on this voyage, such thirgs are very soon settled; perhaps one or two of the commercial gentlemen may have crossed with her before, and seen her exercise her sway. As for Vin Harris, his unopposed return for each an insignificant place as Alen •dover would not hare secured much notice throughout the country bad it not besn that, immediately after tho election, the great Grandiaon had b=en kind enough to writo to the new member a charming note o! congratulation, wfcicb, of course, had to be published. It was a eiftoificant pat on the back, of which any yountr'mas-might very well have been proud; and Mrs. Ellison bought innumerable copisa of tbat morning's news papers, and cut the letter ont, and sent it round to her friends, lest they should not have seen it. Mr. Ogden was also bo condescending as to nend : a similar message—tut that was not published. ; Now daring the fir-t evening on board "hip, I strangers mostly retaaia strangers to each other; but next morning things become different — especially if the weather be fine, and everyone is on deck. Small courtesies are tendered and accepted ; people get introduced or introduce each other, on the smallest pretenoe—except the 1 old stagers, the wary ones, who hang aloof in order to pick and cboo?e. As for Vincent, he was well content with his own society, varied by an occasional chat with the purser, when that 1 ubiquitous official could spare a few moments. He waa not anxious to make acquaintances. His thoughts were far ahead. He saw—not the thin blue line oi the Irinh coast tbat actually was visible on the horizon—but the shallow waters at Sandy Hook, the broad bay, the long du*fcy bsli of the city, wish its in numerable spires jutting op into the white eky. I He waa wondering how long ago it waa since j Makrie and her grandfather had crossed the Newfoundland Banks ; it w&s; a long start, but he would overtake them yet. Perhaps, when he was down in the big and bury town, making Lis inquiries from one newspaper office • to another be might suddenly tied liiniKlf face '.-v to faee with the splendid old man, and the beaaufal, p^msiTC-cycdgirL -. , . . ;«*Ab, Maiarie, you thought yon would escape ?—but I have you now—never to let you go again! And i£ you would rather not return to England —if your pride has been wounded—if yon are indignant , at what has bien eaid or suspeoted of yon and your grandfather—-well, then, I will remain with you here! My love is more to me than my home; we will fight the world to gether—the three of us together; remaining here,- if -that pleases" "you better—only, no •farther thought of separation between yon and On this brisk and bracing morning he was leaning idly with his elbows on the rail, and looking towards the distant line of the Irish coast that was slowly becoming more definite in form, when Mr. Parser Collins came up to him. " There's a very charming lady would like to make your aoquaintanoa," said the officer. -V.~Will yon-come with me, and I-wiU introduce yon?" " Oh, very Well," Vincent said, but with no great eagerness. " Tell me her n&tie; now that I may make euro of it.'* " You are favoured—Mrs. de Lara." "Oh, really," ha a*id, indifferently. "She ) seems to m 4 to have had half the men on the. ship fetching and carrying for her all the morn iog.V .. - And indue!, when be followed the parser in order to be iatcoduoeddotbia lady, he found her pretty well surtbanded by assiduous gentlemen; and "ifyou"pleftso— If von please," Mr. Oolllns had to kjep'repbiting, before he could bring the new comer into the august presence. Mrs de Lara—who,-on closer inspection, turned out to be quite a -young woman, with a pale, clear, olive complexion, softly-lustrous black eyes that could s«y a deal, a pretty smile and dimple, and magnificent hair—received him very graoiously; and at onoe, and completely, and without the slightest compunction, proceeded to ignore the bystanders who had been so officiously kind to her. Of oonrse their cenyersation was at first the usual nothings. Wonderful weather. Might be midsummer, but for the cold wind. - Ctptain been on the bridge ever finoe Liverpool; poor man; get some reBt after leaving Queenstown. Was ehe a good sailor f—Some ladies remained in their berths all the' way over. Dry cham-" pagne, and plenty of it, the only safeguard. Crossed many times ? And so forth. Bat at length she said— " Couldn't you find a chair, and bring it along?" " - « ' • • Now the assiduonB gentlemen had managed to find a very sang corner for Mrs de Lara',' where th*re was just roomfortwo deck chairs —her own and that of her companion and friend Miss Martinez ; and1 .Vincent, ' being rather ahy, had no intention of jamming him self into this nook. He made some little excuse —and remained standing with the others; wbereoon: Mrs. de Lara said to her com panion— . »* • " Isabel, will you go and see that the letters J left in my cabin are all properly stamped and put in the post-bag for Queenstown. -Thank you, dear 1" Then, the moment that her faithful friend was gone, she said, with something of a French manner— - --' " Hero is a seat for yon; come, tell me what the news of the ship is I" Vincent could not very well refuse; though the result of her open preference and selection was that her other obsequious admirers fell away one by one, nnder some pretence of play ing rope-quoits or shovel-beard; so that, eventually, he and ehe were left alone together, for Miss Martinez did not return. "Now," said the yo'nng grass-widow, whose very pretty chin' w&a; cushioned on abuodant furs, " I am' going to-mske you happy. Bat first of &UT; must tellyotf—yoa arc in love." " Oh, really ? " said Vincent. "Ah, yes, yes, yes," she said, with a charm ing insistence.I have watched you.- l| know. Ton keep apart; you look far away; you rt..e*k to no one. And theu I said to my. self tbat X- would make you-happy. * How ?< By - askiiig you to tell me all about her." Whereupon Vincent said to himself, "You're a very impertinent woman—although you've got pretty eyes." And again he said, "But after all you are a woman ; and perhaps irom you I may learn something more abont Mai^rie."- So he enii dlond—. ; " The deck'- of 1 steamer is hardly the place for S'creta " * ••Whynot?" she protested. ''Besides, iris no secret—to anyone with eyes. Gome, tell me all abont ber—and be happyJ I wish to interest you; I wish you to interval ma; and so let us talK about the only thing that is worth talking about—that is, lev». No, there are two things, perhaps, love and mosey; but love is so fall of 8arpri.*68:;-it is; the perpetual miracle that no one can understand;lit is sucb a voq. derfol. unexpected, desperate- kind of thing, that it will always btithe' most interesting. NOW!" .i.;.'..;/ " WelJ," eaid he, for there-wda something, catching in the mad audacity of-'thi* young matron, "it most bo eocret for aecrot. My story for yours!" ~ i - She laughed long and heartily, until her merriment brought tears to her eyes. "Why, I'm uu old inartied woman!" she exclaimed. " Ab, I see what yoor bargain means. You only want to put me off. You think the ,tiino and pUce are notr romnntic enough 6um» night—out Mi nud-Atlantio— with perhaps a rooou, and you'll be more com municative, when yon forsake/thoj emolong iQom^fcuJiaU an_hour,..aad^m?n%_]SS£. message down tothejssloon. Very well-. _*Gr". . toqlmanj^eople- tramping:, pp. and down.-4JhaiI wo Have-a-tramp, too P- 8it--> ting still. jo-stiffens one. There, oan yon pull off the rags, do yon think P They've swathed mp up like a mummy. Now give me your arm; and mind you. don't let me go flying—I'm never, steady on my feet for the first day or Two." . "Well, he found the grass-widow a moBt charming oompanion—bright, loquacious, and happy, until indeed, they steamed into the entrance to Cork Harbour. Hero, as most of the passengers were going on board the tender for a scamper ashore, while the ship waited for the mails to arrive, Mrs. de Lara began to look a little wistful. All of a sudden it ooourred to him that he ought, if only iu common gratitude ioc. her marked condescension, to ask her if sho would care to go also. t, "Oh—Mrs. de Lara," said he, "wouldnt you like to go ashore and have a look round Queenstown f" i Her fdoe lighted op in an instant; but there | was a curious amused expression in her eyes. \- m.I couldn't go alone with you, you know," eaid she. ""Why not?" said ho. She did not answer that question. " If you like to ask Miss Martinez aB well as myself," she continued!,* "I'm sure we should be delighted—and it would he very kind of you." " Of course I will 1" he said—and at once he went off in search of the needful oompanion. A few minutes thereafter the three of them were on board the tender, along with the rest of this crowd of naget chattering passengers... And a very pleasant visit it was they paid to the pioturesqae watsring-p^ace and its^ wide stretching bay. First of all be took his two guett< to an hotel, and gave them an excellent lunch, at tvh'cb Mrs. de Lara made merry like an enfranchised sohool girl. Then h.» got an open oarriage, and they were driron all abont the place; and ho" bbttght them such- fruit and flowers as he oould find, until thoy were quite laden by tho time they got back to the tender. They were' in plenty- of time, .the mails wero late. When tboy eventually returned on board the steamer, Vincent was on the whole very well pleased with that little excursion,, only he hoped that the-new acqaaintnucftship :tbat had been formed had not been to? conspicuously displayed, for people are given to. talking dur ing the longueurs of an Atlantic voyage. And, indeed, it very soon appeared that after this little adventure-ashore Mra.de Lara meant to claim bim as her .own. -.When she cams on deok for the usual promenade before; dinner, she sent for Men (though there were plenty of gentlemen only too anxious to wait on her) and she took bis arm during that perfunctory march up and down.: -Then she siid to him— " Would you think me.very-rudo if. I aaked you to come and;sit at our tablei ? The fact is, I want somebody to b> 'good to rn®, and to look after me; and the oaptaio, although he is a most delightful man when :he ;'happens to be there, is nearly always awayy ^on duty, no doubt. I hate oitting next -ah-empty ohair— that throws me oh," to Mhs.'Mariihes,:and she 'and I havje exhausted all ouf ahhjeotaldng ago. You've no particular friend/hUveyou P Oome tb but table•-■rop'.-i *" But I couldn't think of turning anybody^ out!" - he protested* " -- ♦. ' . «• Oh,1 that's all rightabb' made -answer, cheerfully enough. " Mies Martinez will get a place somewhere else—HrXfoilinswiU.arrange that—I dire say she will by Htber'pleased to be set free." And ,so it came, to pass ihat at-dinner Vin~ cent found himself in the -seat1 that, had been vacated by the useful Isabol-f perhaps his promotion provoked a few underhand'comments Hud significant glances at certain of'the other tableB, for very small trifles are noted on board ship. At all events, he only knew that Mrs. de Lara was as engaging, and: complaisant, and loquacious . aev ever; ; and .' that ehe talked away with very littld; "regard as to who might overbear her. Nor was she any longer the merry, rattle-pated creature of the Queenatbwa hotel.- \0h, no. Her conversation now Was of a quite superior oraer It wan literary; aud she bad caugbt up plenty of the phrases of the rococo school; she could talk as well as another of environments, conditions, the provincial note, style charged with colour, and the like ' Nay, she adventured np<in au epigram now and again—or, at least, something that sounded like, an epigram. England," she said, " was a shop; France a stage; Germany a camp; and the United States a caucus." And again ehe s lid, " There are three human beings whom I wish to meet with before I die; a pretty Fr» uchwoman, a .modest American, and anhona&t; Greek. But X am losing hope." And then there was a tirade against affectation, iu.writing. . " Why should the man thrust htm®elf iipo'n rre r" ehe demanded. " I don't want to know him at all. I want htm to report honeAtly and pimply ,wbat he has seen of the world and of : human nature, and I am williog to bo talked to, aud I am willing to believe; but whea'-be begins to posture and play trioks, then 'I become re sentfnl. Why ehould he intrude his* own personality at all ?—he was never introduced tome; I have no wish for his acquaint-, anca. ^o long, as * he expresses. an honest opinion, good and well; I am "willing, to listen; but when he.begins to interpose his clever little tricks and grimicee, then I say, •Get away, mountebank—and get a red-hot poker ready for pantaloon.' " And in ihi* way' the went on whimsical, petulant, didactic bv turns, to the stolid astonisbmnnt of4 a pletiorio and red faced old lady dpou-it*,' who con»ri» bated nothiec to tbe .conversation but an indigestion c nab, and sate and stared, and 'doubtl<-*a bad furuiud the opinion that aoyoae : .who.conld talk in that faahiou before a lot of ttruogers wfti no better than ehe should be. •' But it was nofc'of literature thatMrs. deLaru discoursed when Vincent returned thatevening to th« saloon, atier having been In tbo smoking room for about Hn h^ur, watching thu ooratper ciala playing poker And getting up NwspaUkeit oil the pext day's" rqu'. When ehe caught sight of him rfao iguq«dtAt»dy iomu and h,ffe tbo group S* tewly-formed. acquaintances wlfchwhomahQ had bean sitting, in the neighbourhood ol tha gland," and deliberately came*along attd met him "Lotusremainhore,".saidsho; tf-andthen it we talk we Bhan't interfere with the musio." She lay back In ker chair aa if waiting tor him to beg#;"-he i^Sttiiflking how weU ;Ker costume fei^vter^he^tosa of blaok .nlk touohed hWand'thore with jjeliow satin—the sharp scarlet stroke otf.hffi-fan—the orescent of diamonds-'in1 her-jetitdaoVr^ir. Then - the softened, lamp-light "ieame^ Wend depth and lustre to,her dark;«yea;>and'gaye somethfagof warmth, too, to the pale aud ciear complosion. She had. crossed her feet ^ 1*1°. m her lap; she reg trded ^hiih fioin'^xinGer 'those long; out'ourving lashes.*"'^.-. f 11 They cannot hear , yon." ^a^a—perhaps thinking that he,'^as euenfc out of^oUtouBM to the innocent yohhg.^damselg 'wbo^were doing tbeir beat at the piano—'1 and you;oknnot hear them, wbioh ia alao fortunate. vtfUsio is either divine^-or .intolerable; what they're ddsg is notdivine; Ihave been listening*.-. But [good musio—ab, wt-11, it ia not to be spoken of. < Only this ; isn't it. strange thatthe too things that can preserve -longest for you associations with some one you have been fond of aro znuslo and soent? Not painting—not any portrait]; not poetry—not anything you have read, or may read, but music and scent. You will disoovet that some day." T" He laughed. / . " How curiously you talk! I date say I am older than you—though that is not saying 'muoh.!1 " Bat I havo seen the world," said she, with a smile, almost of sadness. : - • "Not half of what I have seen of it, ru answer for that." "Ob, but yon," she continued, regarding him with mnoh favour and kindliness, "you are an itigenu—you have the frank Tfaglish oharaoter—you would believe a good deal—in any one you cared for, I mean." " I suppose I should." he said, simply enough. ' I hope so. That isn't much of a crime, is it t I should want to believe all that was possible—and to keep on believing, too." "But as I say," she resumed, "the. two things that preserve associations the longest— and are apt to spring on you suddenly—aro music and scent You may have forgotten in every other direction: oh, yes, forgetting Is very easy, as you will find out; for 4 constanoy lives ia realms above/ and not here Upon earth at all; well, when you have forgotten theoneyou were fond of, and cannot remember, and perhaps do not care to remember, all thathappened atthat too blissful period of life—then on some oooa sion or another there chances to come a frag ment of a Bong, or a whiff of scent, and behold! all that bygone time is before you again, and you tremble, you are bewildered! Oh, I assure you," she went on with a very oharming smile, "it is not at all a pleasant experience.* You think you had buried all that past time, and hidden away the ghosts; you are beginning to fetl pretty comfortable and content with existing circumstances; and then—a few notes of a violin—a passing touch of perfume—and your heart jumps up as if it had been shot through with a rifle ball. What is youi favourite scent ?" she asked, somewhat ab rnptly. ,• ' i ; '^Sandalwood," eaid he (for surely that wat revealing no secret). -"Then-she, wore a ,string of sandaiwool beads," said mrs. de Lara, with a quiok'look He wasrilent. . ■ .-.-i ' " And perhaps she gave them to^ you ai ft keepsake F wan'the next question/ -'J5 -Here, indeed,, he was startled; and she noticed it and'langhed a little. '* "No/I-aoi mot a witeh," she said. ."All that has happened before now; do you think you are the first ? Why, I'm sure, now, you've worn those beads next your heart in the day time, and made yourself very unoomfortable; yes, and you've tried wearing them* at-night, and couldn't sleep because they hurt you. Never iniud, I will tell you what to do. Get tbem made into a watohohain, with small gold lioks connecting the beads; and when you wear it wiib evening dress, every woman.wUl reoog nise it aB a lore-gift—everyone of. them will say, ' A girl gave him that/ " 4' Perhaps I might not wish to make a display of it," said Vincent. •'Then you're in the first stage of inoor stanoy," said she, promptly. " If you're » madly anxious that the whole world shot! know you have won her favour, then.you0 taken the first step on the downward road0 indifference. You have become a little'i conscious and secretive. You are rcgar°g certain things aa bygODe, and your eye0'0 beginning to rove elsewhere. Well, wby°t It's tko way of the world. It's human nnro* You hear talk of loving one, and one onli°nco and for over. That is all very well fcr*°ple who have never been in love at all, wlkave no imagination, no passion, no wil($eslro to escape for a time from the ©imon placenesh of life; who aro quite oont-t with the stolid falisfactioQ and home?bomft to be experienced in'the, constant society o* parti cular person—which rmay vety'wfll et for a lifetime,; no doubt. • ":Ob, doh'fVmfrko me ; tho sentimput of V'John Xnder§ori,aJl Jo' is admirable—when you've reacted 6( then you cau go hand-in-baud down the hi'together; and the m'»re mon*y you've got, **'11 find it all the ca&icr.V; * • -/ '■ "JBeally," said be, 111 did t expect to -i'erneo muoh wo Idly wisdom «m—but. no, 1 mustn't be rude. Iforit is ver^md of you to teaih m*. You don't appe#l° havetsuf; fered much yourself, in health (Spirits-—-" ' "That's all you know," she"d, interrupt ing. "However, I may uy°Q my\\.Btory eomo other rime. Not jost n-'- At present I want to hear some more sbo'th° young' lady of the ecandiiw;.od necklaco.' I '••• " I have told you more tb ^ intended," he answered her. ( > " You haven't told ine a^Mng; I gqeBiefl for myself." ; y '* Well, now, \ aqi gob'0 y°or a&vice;," said he—for how could ' tell but tbpi- this bright, alert, intrepid per** hae J varied experience of the world,''Kbt, be.ablo to'/iielp himr She was far differt from Haisrie^io be sure, rdifl^rpt^-ftanig^from^laybutrettll she was a woman; and she might perhaps he able to interpret a nature wholly alion from her own. So she sat mnto and attentive, and watching .every expression of his face, whiloho pat before her a set of . imaginary circumstatioc-B. It was not his own etory, bat just so muoh of it as might enable her to givo bim counsel. And he had hardly finished when she said: " Ton don't know where to find her; and vet you have never thought of a means of bringing her to jouatonoef" " What means ?" said he. " Why, it is so simple! " ehe exclaimed. " Have you no intention ? But I will tell yon, then. As soon as you land in Now York get yourself knocked ovor by a tramcar. The aocident to the rich young Englishman who has just arrived in America will be in all the papors, and will lose nothing in the telling. Tour father's name is known; you have re cently been eleetcd a member of Parliament; they will make the most of the story—and of oourse yon noedn't say your life is not in danger. Then on the wings of lovo the fair one comeB flying; flops down by tho eido of your bed in tears; perhaps she would even consant to a marriage—if you wore looking dreadfully pale; then you could get well again in double quick time—and live happy ever after." She was still watching him from under her long, indolent lasheB; and of a audden she ' ohanged her tone. " Are yon vexed? You find mo not sympa thetic? Perhaps I am not. Perhaps 1 am a little inorednlous. You havo told mo vory little, but I surmise; and when a young lady remains away from her lover, and dooB not wish it to be known where she is, thou I confess I grow suspicious. Instead of ' Beek the woman' it is 1 Find the man'—oh, I mean in most oases—I mean in most oases—not in all yon must not misunderstand mo 1" " In this case you are mistaken, then," eaid Vincent briefly. "Ah! Possibly. There was not any one, then," she continued, fixing her darkly Iub trons eyos on him again, " whom you hated with a deadly hatred—who seemed to you too friendly and intimato—who was too often by her Bide? And porbapa there hadn't been a little quarrel between you and her—in conse quenoe?" Then it flashed through his memory that "Sherry's" departure for Monte Carlo had been strangely sudden; but the next moment he oould have laughed. Yes, he had been madly and absurdly jealous; and there might have been a quarrel between Maisrie and him self bad it not been for her frank and straight forward appeal; but, beyond that, Mib. da Lara's guesses at the situation were far wide of the mark. Poor Sherry might be losing or winning napoleons at Monte Carlo ; be wished him no harm—he rather hoped he would win; hut the idea that there could be any oonneotion between that yoong man's leaving England and the subsequent disappearance of Maisrie and her grandfather was too preposterous to be entertained for a moment. On the whole the gay young grass-widow found that Bhe oould not get very far into Vinoent's confidence in this matter; and when she indulged in a little pleasantry, he grew reserved, and showed a disposition to with draw ; whereupon she thought it better to give up the subjeot altogether. But she did not give him up; on the oontrary, sho took pos session of him more completely than ever, and made no seoret of the favour she bestowed on • him. For example, there waa an amateur photographer on hoard, and ono morning (everybody knew everybody else by this time) he oame up to Mrs. do L ira, who was seated in her .deck ohair, with a little band of devoted slaves and admirers surrounding her. "Mrs. de Lara," said he, "I've taken nearly everybody on hoard exoept yon. Aren't you going to give me a chance ?" "Oh, yeB," said Bhe. "Yes, oertainly." Then she looked ronnd, and added, in the most natural way in the world—"But where is Mr. Harris?" " He's in the saloon writing lotters—I saw him thero a minute ago," said one of the by standers. " Won't somebody go and fetoh him?" she oontinued. "We ought to bo all in—if Mr. Searle can manage it." Accordingly Vinoent was summoned from below, and forthwith made his appearance. ' You ocme and ait by me, Mr. Harris," said a. "It\ the young matron. " It would look absurd to bave one sitting and all the others standing." "Ob, no, this will do," said Vincent, seating himself on a signal-cannon that was close to the tail, while he steadied himself by putting a hand on the shrouds. " Not at al'," she protested, with a eectaiu imperious wilfulness. " You're too far over; you'll be out of the picture altogether. There is Isabel's ohair over there, fetoh that." And, of oourse, be bad to do as ho was bid; though it waa rather a conspicuous position to assume. Tben, when that negative was taken, she would have the grouping altered ; Vinoent had to stand by her side, with his arm on her ohair; again he had to Beat himsoli on the deok at her feet; whatever suggestions were made by the artist, she managed somehow that she and Vinoent Bhould be together. And when, next day, tits bronze-brown proofs were banded •boat, they were very muoh admited—expeot, perhapj, by tba lady passengers, who could not nndorstana why Mrs. de Lara should pose as the only woman on board the steamer. But It was not Mrs. do Lara who was in his thoughts when, early one morning, ho found himself on the upper deok, jast under the bridge, with his eyes fixed on a far strip of land that lay along tho western horizon. Not a thin Sharp line of blue, but a lo w-lying balky mass of pale neutral tint; and thore were faint yellow mists hanging about it, and alio oovtring tho smooth, long-undulating surfaces of tho sea. However, tbe sunriao was now deolared ; this almost impalpablo fog would soon bo dispersed; and tho great continent behind that out-lying Island would gradually awaken tothosplendourof tbe new day. And in what part of its vast extent was Maisrie now awaiting him; no, not await ing him, but perhaps thinking of him, and littlo dreaming he waa so near P The wilfnl truant; who had given him so muoh trouble. Thore would to some need for scolding—for sharp scolding—when he should find her; there must bu some guorautoo that clio should not play such pranks again. Ho would tell hor what tho worldly-wise would think of her conduct; to what suspicions sho tad laid herself open. And then when ho had rated her soundly, and made her very miserable, and ashamed of hersolf, and repentant—then ho would take her two hands in hie and say: "Maistie, do you know that I am in Parliament now ?—and that as soon as we arc married, you must mako up your mind to go frequently down to Mondovor, to become acquainted with tho people, especially tho women, and make friends with them all. That, and going to political receptions, and coming down to the ladies' gallery now and again, and similar thingB, will keep you busy enough ; thore will be no timo for running away across tho Atlan tio any more.' They cautiously steamed over tho shallow waters at Sandy Hook. They sailed up tho wide bay. Momentarily the long fiat line of New York, with its towering buildings and steeples juttiog up hero and there, was draw ing nearer. Mrs. de Lara, rather wistfully, asked him whether Bhe was over likely to see him again. Ho answered that he did not know how soon ho might have to leave New York; but, if sho would bo so land as to give bim hor address, ho would try to call before ho went. Sho handed him her card; said something about tho pleasant voyage they had had, and then went away to see that Isabel had not nogleotcd anything in her packing. They slowed into tho wharf; tho luggage was gotaBhore and examined—in this nniversal sorimmago he lost sight of Mrs. do Lara and her faithful oompanion, and by-and-by he was being jolted and pitched and flung about in tho coach that was oarrying him to tho hotel ho had chosen. With an eager curiosity he kept watching the passera by on the sidewalk, searching for a face that was nowhere to be soen. He had heard and known of many strange coincidences; it would only ho another one—if n glad and wonderful one—were ho to find Mnisrie on the very firat day of his arrival in America. As Boon as he had got established in his hotel, and seen that hiB luggage had been brought up, he went out again and made away for tho neighbourhood of Printing Honse Square. It needs hardly he eaid that the Western Scotsman was not in possession of a vast white marble buiidiog, with huge golden letters shining in the afternoon sun; all the same he had Httlo difficulty in finding tho small and unpreten tious office ; and his ficBt inquiry was for Mr. Anstrother. Mr. Anstruther had been there in the morning; but had gone away home, not feeling very well. Where did ha live ?— over in Brooklyn. But he would bo at the office the next day ? Oh, yes; almost certainly; it was nothing bnt a rather bad cold; and as they went to press on the following evening he would be pretty sure to be at the office in the a oivil-spoken kind of young fellow. " Do you happen to know if—if a Mr. Bethnne has called at this office of late 1" " Bathune?—not that I am aware of," was the answer. 1' He is a friend of Mr. Anatrnther'e," Vin cent went on, led by a vagne hope, "an old gentleman with white hair and beard—a hand some old man. There would be a yonng lady with him most likely." " No, sir; I have not seen any one of that description," said tho cl-rk. " But he might have oalled on Mr. Anstrnther at his home." " Oh, yes, certainly—very likely," said Vincent. "Thank you. I will come along to morrow morning, and hope to find Mr. Anstruther quite well again." Bo he left and went out into the gathering dnsk of the afternoon ; and as he had nothing to do now, ho walked all the way baok to his hotel, looking] at the various changes that had taken plaoo since last he had been in the busy city. And then, when he reached the sumptuous and heavily-decorated apartment that served him at onoe as Bitting-room and bedroom, he set to work to put his things in order, for they had been rather hurriedly jammed into his portmanteau on board ship. Ho was thus engaged when there oame a knook at the door. " Entrez 1" hs called out, inadvertently (with some dim feeling that he was in a foreign town). . . . Tho stranger needed no second invitation. He presented himself. He was a small man, with a sallow and bloodless face, a black beard olosely trimmed, a monstaohe allowed to grow its natural longth, and dark, opaquo, impassive oyes. He was rather Bhowily dressed, and woro a pinca-nez. For a seoond be paused at the door to take out his oard oaso; then, without uttering a word, ho steppod forward and placed his card on the table. Vincent was rather surprised at this form of introduction; but of courao he took up the card. He read thereon, " Mr. Joseph de Lara." " Oh, really,!' said he (but what passed through his mind was—"Is that oonfounded woman going to persecute me on shore as well as at leaf") "How do yon do? Very glad to make your aoquaintanoe." " Oh, indesa, are you?" the other said, with a peouliar accent, the like of which Vincent had never heard before. " Perhaps not, when you know why I am here. Ah, do not pre tend 1—do not pretend !" Vinoent etared at him, as if this was aome escaped lunatlo with whom he had to deal. "Sir, I am hero to oall yon to acoount," said the little foreigner, in his thick voice. " It has been the aoandal of tho whole ship—the talk of all the voyage over—and it is an insult to mo—to mo—that my wife should bo spoken of. Yes you must mako compensation— r demand compensation-and how? By tho only way that is known to an Englishman. An English man fools only in his pooket; if ho does wrong ho must pay; I demand from you a sum that I expend in oharity " . Vinoent, who saw what all this meant in a moment, buret out laughing—a little soornf ully. " You've oomo to the wrong shop, my good friend 1" said he. " What do you mean ? What do you mean ?" the littlo dark man exclaimed, with an affecta tion of rifling wrath. » Look at thia—I tell you, look at thia!" He drew from hie pocket ono of the photographs which had been taken on board the steamer, and smaoked it with the back of bis baud. "Do you sen thatf—the Bcandal of tho whole voyage 1 My wife com promised—the whole ship talking. Yon think you are to got off for nothing? No! No! You do not 1 The only puniahmont that can reach you ia the puniahmeat of tho pocket—you mu3t pay." " Oh, don't make a fool of yourself 1" said Vincent, with angry contempt. "I've mot members of your profession before. But thia is too thin." " Oh—too thin ? You shall find out! " the other said, vindictively—and yet the black and beady cycB behind tho pince-nez were impas sive, and watchful. « There, on the other sido of my card, ia my address. You can think over it. Perhaps I shall see you to-morrow. If I do not—il yon do not come there to give tho compensation I demand, I will make this country too hot to hold you—yes, very much too hot, as you shall discover. I will makoyon sorry—I will make you sorry—you ekall Bee " Ho went on vapouring in thia fashion fur some little time longer, affecting all the while to become more and more indignant; but at length Vincent, growing tired, walked to the door and opened it. " Thia is tho way ont," he S3id cnrtly. Mr. do Lara took the hint with a dignified equanimity. "You have my address," he said, as he I passed into the corridor; 111 do not wish to do anything disagreeable—unless I am compelled. You will think over it; and I shall see you to morrow, I hopo. I wish to bo friendly—it will bo for your interest, too. Good night! " Vincent shut the door and went and Bat) down, tho bettor to consider. Not that he was in the least perturbed by this man's ridicnlona threats; what puzzled him—and frightened him almost—was the possiblo connection of the charming and fascinating Mrs. do Lara with this barefaced attempt at blackmail. But no; he could not, he would rot, believe it 1 Ho recalled her pretty ways, her frankness, her engaging manner, her good hnmonr, her clever wayward talk, her kindness towards himself; and he conld not bring himself to think that all the timo she had been planning a paltry and despicable conspiracy to extort money, or even that she would lend herself to such a scheme at tho instance of her scapegrace husband. However, his speculations on these points were now interrupted by the arrival of the dinner hour, end ho went below to the table d'hote. Daring dinner he thought that a littlo later on in the evening he would go along to Lexington Avenue, and call on a lawyer whose acquaint ance he had made on a former visit to New York. He might by chance be at home and disengaged; and an apology could be made for disturbing I him at snob az unusual hour. And this, ac cordingly, Vincent did; fonndthat Mr. Gris wold was in tho house; was shown into the study; and presently the lawyer—n tall, thin man, with a cadaverous and deeply-lined face and cold gray eyes—came in ana received his unexpected visitor politely enough. " Do Lara ?" said hs, when Vincent had told his story. "Well, yea, I know something of De Lara. And a very disagreeable fellow he is to have any dealings with." " Bat I don't want to havo any dealings with him," Vincent protested, " and I don't see how there should be any necessity. The whole thiog is a preposterons attempt at extor tion. If he were only to put down on paper what he said to ma thia evening, I wonld show him something—or at least I should do so if ho and I were in England." " He is not so foolish," the lawyer said. " Well, what do you propose to do?—compro- ] mise for tho sake of peace and quietness?'' " Certainly not," was the instant reply. " He's a miaohievouB devil," said Mr. Gria wold, doubtfully. "And of course you don't | want to have things said about you in news papers, however obscure. Might got sent over to England. Yes, he's a mischievous devil—an unscrupulous devil when he tarns ngly. What do yon say now ?—for the sake of peace and quietness—a little matter of a couple of hundred dollars, and nobody need know anything about " Give a couple of hundred dollars to that in fernal scoundrel?—I will see him d— first 1" | Baid Vincent, with a decision that was unmis takable. "There's no reason why yon should give him | a cent—not the slightest," the lawyer went on. " But some people do, to eavo trouble. How- i ever, yon will not be remaining long in this city ; I soo it Bnnounoed ihat yon are going I on a tour through the United States and Canada." " The fact is, Mr. Griawold," eaid Vincent, " I came along—at this unholy hour, for which I hope you will forgive me, not to ask you what I should do abont teat fellow's threats—I don't value them a pin's point—bat merely to see if yon knew anything about those two " "The De Laraa?" "Yes, what does he do, to begin with? What's hie oooupatlon—his business? " " Nominally," said Mr. Griawold, " he be longs to my own profession; but I fanoy he is more mixed np with some low-class newspapers, I have heard, indeed, that one of bis eouroes of income is levying blaokmail on aotresses. The poor girls loso nerve, you understand; they won't fight; they would rather 'see' him, as the phrase is, then inonr his enmity." " Well, then, what I want to know still more particularly," the young man prooeeded, "is this : Is Mrs. de Lara supposed to take part in those pretty little plans for obtainiug money ?" Tho lawyer smiled. " You ought to know her better than I do; in faot, I don't know her at all." Vincent was silent for a second. " No: I should not have imagined it of her. I It ssems incredible. But it you don't krow I her personally, perhaps you know what is thought of her ? What is her general repu tation f " "Her reputation f I can hardly ana wer that I question. I should say," Mr. Qriawold want on, in his slow and deliberate manner, " that thero is a kind of—a kind of impression—that, no long as the money was forthcoming, lira, de Lira would not be too anxious to inquire where it came from." "Shewas at tho capiain's table!" Vincent exclaimed. " Ship captains don't know much about what is going on on shore," was tho reply. "Be sides, if Mrs. de Lara wanted to sit at the cap tain's table, it's at tho captain's table yon would find her, and that without much delay! But why are you so anxious to find out about lira; de Lara's peculiarities—apart from her being a very pretty woman ?" " Oh," said Viacsnt, as he rose to apologise onco more for this intrnsion, and to say good night, "oneis always meeting with new ex periences. Another lesson in the ways of the world, I suppose." Bat all tho same, as ho waited along these thoroughfares to his hotel, ho kept saying to himself that ho would rather not believe that Mrs. do Lata had betrayed him and was an accomplice in the shameful attempt to make money ont of him. Nay, he said to himself that he would refuse to believe until he wag forced to beliove; though ho did not go a step farther, and proceeded to ask himself the why and wherefore of this carious reluctance. (To be cmtimiii.) 