PEOPLE "QUIZ" KNOWS. No. 56. You may know him and you firay not, because he is not much of a public character. It is probable, however, that the Rev. H. T. Burgess has not the honor of his acquaintance, and if he had he would probably look upon him as a guide to the great pantomime which is running for an indefinite season in the lively city of Sheol. A good many people do know him, but they do not regard him in any way as a ticket-taker at the doors of perdi tion. He is where he is, and he is as necessary where he is as the solemn visaged " brother " who peregrinates with a capacious collection-bag amongst his sad-eyed fellows and sisters. But Ho. 56 has a bag, too, and every morning excepting Sunday he may be seen on his way to a palatial building in King William Street, where he deposits the contributions which an admiring audience have made to his store. He occupies a similar position to that held by Tom Playford, but he does not have to rebut no-confidence motions or tell political fibs, or gammon to under take great political tasks, or put his foot down, or refuse knighthoods. Ha! wouldn't No. 56 scornfully reject such a palpable bribe as a K.C.M.G. ship. Let Her Most Grashus Majesty the Empress of Sammy Tomkinson make the offer and see. Once a week No, 56 is a ghost, and he "walks," when he has a crowd of humans who are not afraid of an apparition of that sort. In fact, none of them are in a hurry to get away until after an interview with the genial spirit. They wish, however, that the appearance of the ghost was diurnal instead of weekly. In such a case they would be able more frequently to offer up their tribute to the Lord, and there would be general rejoicing. But No. 56 only smiles a grim smile when the suggestion is made. The subject of this sketch has an impediment in his walk, which does not require lengthy attention. He likewise has an apparently confidential maimer of addressing you, metaphorically seiz ing your ears when he has anything to communicate. He will sometimes dig you facetiously in the ribs, but then he must be in a very good humor, which, truth to tell, he generally is. If he were a turfite he would be able to tell you the pedigree of every known horse; as it is, he deals in men and women, and there are few of those4 whom he encounters with whose histories he is not acquainted. You can for a certainty see him under the gaslight or electric light any day in the week. He is like an owl, and thrives during the night. , He wont be offended if you address him by his christian name, and if you invite him over to Mick's he probably will not say " No." 