TUMBLED INTO A FORTUNE. [By LUCY C. LILLIE, in Harper's Young People.] { Concluded. J ?" Will he be a very old man?" Stan waa en quiring of Jim about five o'clock. Stan's oroad freckled countenance _ had worn a peculiarly preoccupied but smiling expression for an hour past. At present he was lounging m the window of the "best" parlor, which Jim had aired and dusted, while Elsie had rifled the garden of every bit of its early bloom to fill the jars and vases on tables and chimney piece "J^oblessc oblige,"^ Jim 'had quoted, with a little air of superiority. Miss Major, the lady ?who lived next door, and who waa Jim's ideal, oracle, and divinity, badjexplained the mean« ing of the term to her.^ " It is our place," Jim said now, .as, duster in hand, she paused in the centre of the room to survey lier work, " to show bim how polite and attentive we Seatons always are to our-guests, even if they choose .to "be mean and grasping. Now, Stan, do go and dean your boots. Mr. Wilson may be here on the next train, and you know uncle can't be liere before 7, so we shall havfc to entertain ; Mm." - . "Oh, he'll, be entertained, I guess," re-I marked Stan, as he lefts the room. "No fear i of that.51 j Jim and Elsie, in their best dresses, were seated with'an air of careless ease in the parlor j when at five o'clock young Wilson made his i way op'the box walk to the front door, where his "rat-tat-tat" on the great brass knocker ; seemed to to-echo through limitless space. ' A moment later he found himself being ushered by a dignified-looking old woman ip a clean cap and apron into a parlor full of soft spring sunshine, flowers, and dim old-fashioned elegancies of farnifcoro and drapery," while two t "slips of girls,® as he called them, came for« i ward to receive him with .great courtesy, but a look of almost disnoyon their faces. It was Jim, of course. _who first recovered . presence of mind. "Why, is this Mr. j Wilson?' she asked, a smile lighting her clear . dark face and makiflg ii really pretty. %( We . thought yon ?were old," jsbe added, a little shyly- ' ' I " Oh, I'm not my uncle,'' laughed the young ! man, gaily 5 and he explained why he baa been sent in his uncle's place. "What a jolly old place it is, to be sure !", young Wilson was saying a moment later, .and . Jim, with a quick blush, answered "Would you like to walk about the garden ' before supper 5" . filie ,had felt disposed to-be very .friendly a little while ago. but now "the :. thought that he had come to place a valua oa everything made her freeze up again. . _ . _ ' "It's warm for the season," Elsie said; in her pleasant voice, as they conducted the stranger-down the garden paths towards_the vacant stables; we don't do much gardening, though, as you can see." "No," said Jim, in her downright way. "There was a time when the Seatons'.garden was the boast of the country, Uncle James says, but we're too poor to keep gardeners now." Young Wilson looked with mute sjonpathy at the proud sad face of the girl beside him. There was something infinitely miserable and . touching, too, to him about robbing these people of the home that was so dear to them. He said to himself .he would not like to meet Jim's eyes the day his uncle's "old grudge" was paid with interest, and then as they all stood among the tangled "happy-gc. lucky" 'flower-beds, he turned toj {survey the fine" old house. The sunset lights gleamed on its many window- panes, daticed gaily along the vines that half-covered the ^oldest portion, the wing in which the haunted chamber was situated. He had been conducted by Stan to his room before they came out to the garden, and that cheerful .young person had taken a malicious satisfaction in telling him the grim tradition connected with it. "So that room TIP there among the ivy is haunted, eh?" he said, smiling,as he turned to find Jim's wistful gaze fixed on the old mansion. "Yes, so they say," Jim assented. "I wonder why there is only that one large window?" he remarked. "There seems to be plenty of room for another, and it is at the end of the house, you Bee, it must have a very thick wall," he added. " Wasn't there a window-tax then or some thing ?' said Elsie. Mr. Wilson said he thought that might account for it, and when they were at supper he repeated the question to Captain Seaton, who had returned just in time for the evening meal. Jim was so absorbed in her duties as hostess, so keenly anxious lest the supper should not prove satisfactory that she scarcely heeded what her uncle answered. She caught some thing about " the place was walled up I believe in .revolutionary days," then came to herself and a keener interest in the subject as she heard her uncle saying "My cousin, from whom the place came to me, used to say that in hia very young days there, was a story of an English officer being concealed in a cupboard in that room for a week, but there is not the vestige of a cupboard now anywhere." - . . . - - - -"Miss Major knows something about that, unole," EIMe interposed. "Just what, I don't quite remember. . We must ask her." After supper Jim and Elsie spent a very miserable half-hour in the parlor, while their uncle and guest were closeted in the study. There waa no need to rek any questions when he and life. Wilson rejoined them, for if her uncle's face had looked sad that morning to Jim it was doubly harassed now, aud with good reason. Gently, kindly, as it could ba done, young Wilson had told the captain what he must expeofc; and while the girls did their best to seem natural and make a show of enter taining their unwelcome guest, poor Jim's eyes would stray to her uncle's face, with a ghost of a pitiful little smile, reading clearly what he was suffering. ~ " So this a> haunted room,'-' thought young Wilson as, about ten o'clock, he found himself alone in the large room with it3 faded hangings and dim-shining furniture. "I've always wondered how it felt to sleep among ghosts, now I shall know." _ . Two tall candles burned m silver candlesticks of antique pattern on the bureau, and as Joe prepared for bed ha debated shamefacedly as to whether or not he should leave one lighted. But even alone he felt that it was unbecoming his one-and-twenty years to be afraid of the dark even in a haunted room, and finally he decided to leave a candle and a box_ of - matches close at hand on the small table jusb at the head of liia bed. Then he composed himself in the great "four-po3ter" and tried to feel happy over the prospect of seeing a ghost. Who was it? he wondered. From I113 undo he had heard of the former greatness and splendor of this rambling fast-decaying old mansion. Where or how had the wealth of the | S«atons vanished ? Long ago, old Silas Wilson knew, they owned valuable lands in the western part of the country, there had been some trouble he knew over the title-deeds, and all of that land had melted from the grasp of Captain Seaiton's old cousin. What a bright pair of girls Jim and Elsie were. How his sister Nora would like them. So jumbling all manner of things together Joe gradually fell into dreamland and heavy slumber. <3reak, creak, creak went the heavy olddoor, Somewhere down the hall or on the stairs Cap tain-Seaton'a guest heard a clock strike one as he rubbed his eyes and moved on his pillow. Who or what was at the door 1 A queer lurid light came from somewhere-moved towards him; a figure in white was advancing. Joe sab upright in bed, and at the same moment a hand was-outstretched and laid icy cold on his arm. Whether an instant or an hour passed in .dead, dumb silence and fright beyond de scription Joe Wilson could never coherently tell . but at last, as the flame-colored face of the spectre drew nearer -and nearer, he made a .superhuman effort, and, uttering a wild yell, prang from his bed, and clatter, bang, downs went something as 'he itried to ireaoh the door. His whole weight and the secretary to liod knocked over came against "what seemed the "wall, and the next moment he found himsfelf tumbling it)to cold darkness somewhere-it was not in the room, he felt sure? but something had fallenonhisshoulder, and ihe knew no more. "Oh, Uncle James, what has happened to feitn V ' " Joe opened his eyes feebly, only half con scious of Jim's voice -and words. He was lying in what looked like -a large dark closet or recess, and over him, lamp in hand, stood Captain Seatofl, Jim, -and Elsie, and even -old fausan, being gathered around. No one, "however, had seen a Bwift-flying figure, with marks of phosphorus on its face andhaads, as Master Stanton scudded away to Sii3 own Bpartmeirt. Joe felt himself bfeing lifted Tip by Ithe stalwart captain and laid oft his bed and warmly covered. Jim and Elsie in the hall were whispering and wondering together, and presently old SU3an, looking very mysterious and important, came ont. "Ho says'he must have dreamed -something : atad jumped -up," the old woman explained. "But,.my dear, see how the Lord works all tilings ifor the best. When I was a mere child I've heard my mother tell of a secret cupboard in that room, but I never took more stock in it than in "the ghost Story. Now it's that spring door helrarst open when he fell against it!" And strango as it may seem so it proved. Long, ago when, as old Susan said, the house stood on "neutralground," and was in conse quence subject to invasion from stragglers or regiments bn "both sides, this cupboard in the haunted room had been arranged with a spring door, which would yield only by pressure at a certain point known to the Ralph Seaton of that day and his wife and eldest son. Time and again it had served its purpose and saved lives as well as valuables, and now it could only be surmised that owing to old Squire Beaton's sudden death, when the captain's cousin was a young man, the secret of the . ? spring door had never been revealed. He had been an eccentric, miserly old man, and doubt less enjoyed the sense of having a secure hiding-place for certain effects known to no other human soul. "Jim," said the captain, as in the gray of that May morning he and his little niece stood together in the "best" parlor, where the fragrance of yesterday's blossoms was on the air-always later associated with that wonder ful night and morning in Jim Seaton's mind "Sod 2ias been wonderfully good to U3, my. dear. We are not, after all, to lose the old place.'.' The captain's fine, thin face glowed, and he rested one of his hands on Jim's shoulder. "Stan shall go to college and you shall have a governess or whatever you like, little woman, for that -was a lucky tumble of young Wilson's. The [cleeds to all the West over'property, and other ..things besides, are in that'old cupboard." Joe Wilson's shoulder was not badly hurt, but it gave him an excuse for remaining a day or two at The Maples. Stan, of course, con fessed to having yielded to a temptation to "scare Miv Wilson's nephew out of want ing . the. house," and assisted by_ the phosphorus of matohes, and a piece of ice to hold in his hand, had played his part, as we have seen, with even unlooked-for. success, and in the general rejoicing over the result no one thought, of laughing at Joe for his passing fright, ,'althongn Stan never quite forgot it and declared, like Brer Rabbit, he often in dulged in a "dry spell o' de grins when it came back to'him," particularly Joe's yelL It-was a joyful task to write old Silas the re sult of his acting as his agent in the. matter of the mortgage; and when the cupboard was ransacked, and some hundreds of dollars in gold, together with the longJost " Seaton emerald?," brought to light; when the litiga tion over the Westover property was promptly ended, .and the captain "came into his own again"-no heartier "well-wisher had he-than tho old miser's nephew and former clerk. By that time,' however, he and his sister Nora were regular visitors at The Maples, and when the story WRS told me by Jim herself we were all sitting on the well-cared-for lawn, and she had only to regret that when Joe and Elsie were married the week following they would have to be absent from/'home" half the year, his business taking him to Mexico for six months out of the twelve. ?"But, of course," concluded Jim, "if anyone had a right to ask for Elsie it would be Joe, who tumbled right into what made Uncle James's fortune." 