The First Death. TRANSLATED FROM THE F3ESCH, Li Failede was a little village of four or 5ve hundred inhabitants between Amiens ind Abbeville. Sad ia Autum, gay in spring jime, clean, silent, stretched along a wide road, its houses low, with roof3 black and pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows una crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a sounterpart of all the other villages of I'icardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, :ts window cacings of white (line, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian land scape, and that stands a thousand metresj more or less, from the outskirts of those liny provincial hamlets. La Farlede, st the moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of excitement, for s cemetery, their own individual barving ground, had been achieved at last. The Municipal Council, which had so long hoarded the funds drawn from the taxpayers for the purpose, had finally eeen fit to pur chase an ancient field, to wall it in, and to consecrate it to the well merited repose of the people of thecountry ; " and on anclafter November 1; 18 —," so the announcement read, " the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests." Naturally enough, every one gossippedand jested with his neighbor on the subject of the '"elect," who would point out th9 road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased; to a positive riot when simultaneously with the conclusion of the ceremonies that made the ancient field a "Gottasker," handbills ap? p j a red on the wails, including the-Maire's. t0 : Uie following effect : Whereat, being sonnd of mind and sound oi body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him cr of her who will be the first to Inaugurate the new cemetery, I have placed in the bands 2! the Hsire of La Farlede the sum of ten :housand francs, to be delivered to the family ci the first inhabitant who departs for Mother and perhaps better world, on and .■ iter this the day of opening; November 1, 18—. In witness, whereof,,signed an) sealed by 1 iflyself) Jeas BlTOJIlXEDX. j In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohe mian of the aitellers of the Boulevard Cliachy and enriched by the decease of an aunt who, at the final'moment, had consented to sfford him herforgivenesB for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible jaker, he etill at times, as in the matter of this handbill, indulged in the same propen sity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all over the village. Groups oi people congregated before the bills to read \- for themselves, while others more incredulous ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. " The fact is exactly as given," be re sponded, promptly ; " there is no mistake aSout it. The money is in my hands and will so remain/' &a.;, &3. The announcement thus officially vouched for, everyone joyously returned to his home to begin at once the calculation of his chance —to take stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimate their average long evity. It goes without saying that those of tae inhabitants fortunate enough to have sick or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though, of course, the3r triumphed sacretly and in -eilence, whilEt the others— tiioae whose families were sound and healthy —were forced to comfort themselves with the forlorn hope of an accident, an unexpected ! seizure, or insidious draughts of air. I ** Such and each a one's taking ofi," they | recalled, "had been extremely euddenSo and bo's trifling illness fatal; unlocked -for deaths were always occurring," and those thousand tantalizing pistoles danced a sara bond in their dreams even when they fell a?leep. Aa for the Maire, poor man, life had be r:jme a burden to him because of- the hourly deputations and avalanche of . queries to w^ich he was forced to listen. ■" Must they ba of the village," they be sought hfm anxiously, " or was it sufficient i o be a member of the parish ? Did children i: >unt, or- relative^ Jjy marriage? or -those whom death might .take by violence?"— queries that plainly "betrayed the villagers' -i nauifih of mind, and hugely amused the donator. It is not every day, as you know, that people give up the ghost in villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of file cemetery, without an event of the kind occurring. Still the brains of the people continued to be over excited, and every one, from baker to butcher, from curate to hue n-andman, laid ofi work from time to tine to measure with his eye, or calculate mentally, cue additional goods or farming ground pur-, •.-hasable with the money—only the cafes, i^'ere busier than ever. By the end of the week tbe stoiy of the •sandhills bad become an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one, though the .iilagere no longer lowered their eyes or voices when discussing tbe matter, and openly footed up the chances. The family of a certain La Poireaux, by common con .-ent, had settled it that they were to ba the fortunate inheritors, for bad they sot iimong them, this family, La Poireaux an oid wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone—a wheezy, yellow, dried up old uummy, whom twice a day they carried to t he door to bask in the sunshine, and whose Gctnise had long been expected. " Bat sometimes these aged ones live lor ever," objected a malicious listener, " and tuts one shows no more eigne of dying than He has done for six months past." *• All the same," added another, " it iethe family of La Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye upon." Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race fori thiB money, Li Farlede possessed no aesas- { sin. It was true that the ailing and the very aged had become a centre of interest to every one in the family, for they would be able, if accommodating, to leave behind them a snug little sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerat ing their departure. In the households of the less happily placed the interest was eqaally absorbing— a harsh cough, a laboured breathing, bring-.; ing the ear upon the alert in an ineSaat. Coughs and difficult breathings were har. bingers of inflammation of the lungs, and j inflammation of the lungs, as every one knew took its victim quickly. If another one bad a red face or an indigestion they awaited j apoplexy, and a child who had been, an I invalid from birth, and began to recover from ■ the moment of the proclamation, was cot cfi with a chilling in the will of an indignant aunt-, whosd heir it had prevoiuely been. The entire village at the expiration of 'tbt3 same week was pale and emaciated. Even those who had scoffed the loudest at ihis: waiting for dead men's shoes no longer sjept' tranquilly; drunkards drank twice a macji, as they had drunk before ; the avaricious ] cursed in seoret; while the sick, on the cc|§--: trary,.the only ones who objected to (hie; fashion of ringing the beU,£eemed to vie _withi each other in the haste of their .? re caver?. .... _ On the morning cf the 10th of November, ] however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring - out, instead of the morning Angelus, and the people, falling over each other in the daft-'. ness, and railing at fate, precipitated them-.' selves toward the church to learn who 'bad: won. Alas, arrived, there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the ..beadle (is usual), full as a thrush, uiore dazed-than ever from brooding apon tbe promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung without reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would all be as mad as tbe beadle. Ah, weil, there lived at this time in La Farlede, a poor and unfortunate peasant, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, he had run through every country of the world, to return at last, vanqqished, to hiB native village. He was a good fellow, gentle, affec tionate, dreamy, and inoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for himself and family in a country where the struggle with \- the earth was hard and endless. Hib slender frame took badly to the labour of the fields, and he possessed no other resources. Misery and want encompassed the household, and each evening before the smoking cinders the wife cried in undressing the children, and he, tortured and cowed fay a sense of weakness and failure, writhed in secret. The placard of the painter Bitumoneu: had made upon him, ss upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Kay, more lhan that, it had given him an idea. What if he Ehould be the one to leave ten thousand francs to hia wretched family ? It would lift them above want for ever ; they would be able with the money to purchase at Abbe ville, perhaps, a haberdashery—perhtps a more pretentious ehop. His wife was intel ligent, industrious-she would surely prosper at the business. . He saw them already, these deprived ones, secure of the necessaries he had been unable to givj thsrn, the hoy later on employed in a bank, the girl msriiea to a commissaire. That evening he embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mur muring as he watched them laid upon their scanty straw. I will do it—I must do it: it is my duty I" The Idea that had come to him with the reading.of the placard, and born of misery and shame, was euicide. For him it was the rehabilitation of all his disastrous enter prissPj the atonement for the sorrow that, he had brought upon his family. But, oh, the agony of parting from these beings so ten derly loved, whose welfare and happiness he could secure at last, but secure only by one, means. He went out to walk for. a while in ,the embrowned fields, the yellowed foreEt, but the rustling of the. dead leaves that his foot pushed aside eounded to h m like the ruet ling of a shroud ; sobs buret from his an guished breast as h9 regarded the wide fteavens, the valley full of shadows, and the little village that held his all. For a long time he hesitated. Perhaps ..chance would deliver him—perhaps it would not be necessary to take his life in order that they might live, that they might have fire j upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had cesnred himself by talking with a neighbor, who had questioned the Maire. that euioides would count in this funeral play. Of coarse he must kill himsc-if—to wait longer was to permit the chance that as yet was his, to be grasped by another. He took his gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the vil lage, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated J roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. j The next morning, when they found his j body—a wood-cutter passing through the j forest had seen it, and. spread the news—the j crowds cursed it, and threw stoneB at the corpse ol the poor hero. The women sought to spit in his fsee, the Town Council Itself waited upon M. Uitumoneuz to demand of him that the money should not be paid to the family of euch a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thousand more to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with the oare of the widow and her children. " It was my fault," he told himself, deenly f moved by the tragedy—" my fault, and but for me the thing would never have hap pened." .-Jbe Mairealcue and the gendarmes, whom it had been necessary to call upon before She body of the martyr could be laid in the ground, followed it to its last resting place, and that came day "the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed io their last account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the who?e of Picardy. and upon his iomb one^reads the inscription (cut there by a cunning but aaarlligious hand during : the ^arknesB of the night after the inter- j merit). The ditch of the thief. . | 