TURNED TO STONE. The people in the Eastern portion of Claiborne County, Tenn., are «r.iH over a remarkable occurrence which took place there not long ago. It is one of the most marvellous occurrences ever heard of, and it will Drove to be a problem over which scientific minds may wrestle for some time to come. Edgar Ramsey is a farmer who lives five miles from Lick Skillet. He arrived in Middlesboro recently. The story he told wonld not find believers at first, bat since then it has been proven that he has told nothing but the troth. His statement is thus reported by a correspondent of the St. Louis Globe- Democrat: ' Last Sunday afternoon I noticed what appeared to be a large green- look ing cloud coming from a westerly diret- tion towards my house. It was a long distance of£ and the nun was falling heavily. Shortly afterwards it became very cold, in fact so cold that X went" indoors, lit a big fire and pnt on a hig heavy coat. When I came ont again the big green clond was almost over the bouse, and the air was as cold as on a winter day. The wind howled and the hail fell in stones as big as eggs. All this lasted twenty minutes, and then the sky cleared up and I felt more like myself again. ' An hour after I was sitting with my wife near the fire when 1 heard a horse galloping at full speed, and when 1 went ont to see who it was there stood Jake Warren, a neighbor farmer who lives about a mile and a quarter from me. He was as as pale as a ghost and was trembling all over. It took Mm over ten minutes to commence to tell me what he had to say, and as he was talking I thought he was crazy. ' He stated that a big green cloud had come over his place, and that some thing which looked like balls of fire had ' fallen all round hia bonse. Ha had five acres of corn growing in a field next to the bouse. After the storm had cleared away he went to see what damage had been done. He saw that some corn had been blown down, and entering, the field, he found every stalk turned to stone. There were two fine hogs in the field, and they, too, were petrified and standing there at if cut ont of solid rock. Myself and wife tbooght the man was raving mad, but induced him to remain over till morning, when we promised to visit his place with him. That we did, and what we saw will be remembered so long as both lire. There was the ; corn blown down, bnt every stalk of it was petrified. It was not as hard as granite, but it appeared to be more like soft stone. I took my knife and cat it, and it became powder. Hie ears were : very bard, aod they could not be broken with the hand. The leaves were brittle, sod if you struck them they would break like glass. The hogs were there, too, looking natural enough, but they were as hard as etone.' George E. Henry, of this city, John Rogers, Captain John B. Hull, ex- deputy marshal, and several others rode over the mountains into Tennessee to see for themselves if the things were really there as represented. Captain Halls ex-United States deputy marshal, makes, the following statement : 'Ire went over this morning. I doubted the story on starting, bnt thought I'd try it, anyhow. We found Warren's farm about seven miles from the Gap, and there sure enongb, was the corn-field completely petrified. The Stalks were somewhat blown down, but. they Beemed completely turned to stone The two hogs were there also, and they looked like they were carved out of rock. It was the strangest sight I ever saw, and I can't begin to describe the th'mg. There were a number of men guarding the field with W inch ester rifieB and tbey wouldn't let us go into it. They only let ns go to the fence. We cnuld touch some of the coru stalk, and could aee the hogs, but the men re fused positively to 1st as go any farther than the fence. The women wouldn't say why they would not let people go into tbe field, hut I presume they were afraid people wonld break tbe corn etalks to pieces. There was quite a crowd there looking at the thing,' and every one was thoroughly dumbfounded with what they saw.' litis statement is vouched for by a number of others. 