, IS POETBY DYING? (Eclmwid Gosse, in the New Yorh Forum.) Is poetry, in its very esBance, an archaic end rudimentary form of expresaion, etill guivanised into the motion, indeed, by anti- quarianism, bnt really obsolete, and therefore 10 be'dultivated only at the risk of affectatiori and insincerity ; or is it an art capable of incessant renovation — a living organism which grows, on the whole, with the expansion of modern life ? In other words, is the art of verse ono which, like music or painting, delights and consoles us with a speoies of expression which can never be superseded, heoause it is in danger of no direct rivalry from n similar species ; or was poetry merely the undeveloped, though in itself the extremely beautitul, infancy of a type which is no adult, and which has relinquished its charming peaeiilities for a mode of expression infinitely wider and of more practical utility ? Scnlp- tore, singers, painters mnet always exist ; but need we have poets any longer, since the world has discovered how to say all its wants to say in prose ? Will anyone who has any thing of importance to communicate be likely in the future to express it through the medium of metrical language ? Probably there would be no need to face this question, either in this generation or for many generations to oome, if it bad not been for a single circnmstance. The great enemies of the poets of the present are the poets of the past, and the anti quarian spirit of the nineteenth century has made the cessation of the publication of fresh verse a possibility. The intellectual condilion of our fimes differs from that of all preceding ages in no other point so mnch as in its attitude toward the writings of the dead. In those periods of renovation which have refreshed the literatures of the world, the tendency has always been to study some ono olass of deceased writers with affection. The activity of the dead is now paramount and threatens to paralyse original writing together. Every poet \Vriter of any age precedent to our own has now a chance of popularity, often a very much better chance than be possessed during his own lifetime. In this great throng of resuscitated souls, all of whom havo forfeited their copyright, how is the modern poet to exist? He has no longer to compete — ns great " his forefathers did, from Homer down to Ben ' with the leading spirits of his own generation, bnt with the picked genius of the world. At every turn the thronging company of the ghosts impedes and disheartens the modern writer, and it is no wonder if the new Orpheus throws down his lyre in despair when the rood to his desire is held by ench an invincible army of spectres. On the wholo, however, it is highly unlikely that the anti quarian passion of our age will last. Already it gives signs of wearing out, and it will not allow iteelf to be pinioned for ever by these soft and universal cords of tradition, each has slight as gossamer in itself, bnt over- whelming.in the immenee mass. As for the old poets, young veree writers may note with glee (hat they are being canght in the butter ' fly net of education, where they will soon find the attractive feathers rubbed off their wings. One byone they pass into text- books and are lost. Chaucer is done for, and so is Milton ; Goldsmith is annotated, Scott is prepared for " local examinations," and even Byron, the loose, the ungrammatical, is edited as a ecliool book. The noble army of extension lectures will scarcely pause in their onward march : We shall see Wordsworth captured, Shelly boiled down for the use of babes, and Keats elaborately annotated, with his blnnders in clsssical mythology exposed. The school master is the only friend the poot of the future dares to look to, for he alone has the, power to destroy the loveliness and mystery which are the obarm of the old poets. Even a second-rate verse- writer may hops to live' by the side of an Elizabethan poot edited for the Clarendon Press. It is nsnally said, in hasty generolisqUoD, that the poetry of the present age is unique, in the extreme refinement of its exterior mechanism. Those who say-.tbis are not aware that the great poets whose virile s.iin- , plicity and robust carelaseness of detail, .they applaud baye, almost without excdpiipn, been' scrnpulously joittontive to form. But what is true is that a care for form and a conBiderablo skill in thei of verse have been acquired by writers of a lower order, and that this sort of perfection is no longer, the hall mark of a great master. We may expect it, therefore, to attract less attention in the future ; and altbougb, assuredly, the bastard jargon of Walt Whitman, and kindred returns to sheer barbarism will not be accepted, tech nical perfection will more and more be taken as a matter cf course, as a portion of the poet's training whicb shall 'oe as indisponeible and as little worthy of notice as that a musi cian should read his notes correctly. Less, effort, therefore, is likely to be made, in, the' immediate future, to give pleasure by the manner of poetry, and more skill -will be expended .on the subject-matter. Poetry, if it exist at. ail, will deal, and probably to a greater degree than ever before, with those more frail , and ephemeral shades of emotion which prose scarcely ventnres to describe. The exiscehce of a delicately-organized human being' is diversified by divis'ons and revul sions of sensaiion, ill-ili-fiued dt sires, gleams of intuition, and the whole gamut of spiritual notes descending from exuitation to despair, none of which have ever been adequately treated except in the hieratic language of poetry. The most realistic novel, the closest psychological analysis in prose, does no more (than shim the surface of the soul ; verse has the priyilege of descending into its depth. In the future, lyiic poetry will probably grow less trivial, and less conventional, at the risk of being less popular. It will interpret what prose dares not suggest. It will penetrate further into the complexity of human sensa tion, and, nntronbled by the necesbity of formulating a creed, or a story, will describe with delicate accuracy, aud under a veil of, artistic beauty, the amazing, the unfamiliar, and even the portentous phenomena which it enconnters. The eocial revolution or evolu tion which most sensible people are now con- - - vinced is imminent will surely require a species of poetry to accompany its course and to celebrate its triumphs. If we could forsee what form this species will take, we should know all things. But we must believe that it will be democratic, and that to a degree at present unimaginable. The aristocratic tradi tion is still paramount in all art. Kings, princossee, and the symbols of chivalry are as essential to poetry, as wo now conceive it, , as roses, stare, or nightingales. The poet may be a pronounced Socialist ; he may be Mr. William Morris ; hnt the oligarchic imagery pervades his work as completely as if he were a troubadour of the thiiteenth century. It is diflicult to understand what will be left if this romantic phraeeology is destroyed, but it is still more difiSonlt to believe that it can survive a complete aooial revolution. A kind of poetry now scarcely cultivated at all may be expected to occupy the attention of the poets, whether Socialism hastens or delays. What the Germans undoretand by epic verse — that is to say, short and bighly-finished studies in' narrative — is a class of literature which offers unlimited opportunities. What may be done in this direction is indicated in France by the work of M , Goppee. In Eng land and America we have at present nothing at all like it, the idyllio stories of Mr. Ooventry. Fatmore presenting the closest parallel. The modern interest in the drama, and ths; ever growing desire to see literature once more wsdded to the stage, will, it can hardly be doubted, lead to a revival of dramatic poetry. In religious verse, something, and in philo sophical verse much, remains to be done. The wider hope has scarcely found a singer yet, and the deeper speculation has been very imperfectly and empiricallj celebrated by our poets. Whether love, the very central foun tain of poetic inspiration in the past, can yield many fresh variations remains to bo seen. " , 