THE MYSTERY OF M. FELIX. BY B. L. KARJKON, Author of "'Greit Porter-square," "llieer Faiebrother,&C.;, &c.; CHAPTER XIII. THE REPORTER OF THE "EVENING MOON" GIVES SOPHY A TKEiT. In the elucidation of a mystery there are facts which have to be slowly and laboriously built up ; there are others which need no such process, bnt establish themselves instantly in the analytical and well-balanced mind. Our reporter is gifted with Buch a mind, and ^certain facts connected with the case of M Felix took instant form and order. We will set these facts before our readers biiefly and concisely :— It is necessary to premise- First, that M. Felix kept a loaded revolver ' beneath the pillows of his bed. Second, that when Constables Wigg and Nightingale, Mrs. Middlemore, and Dr. .Lamb entered M. Felix's sitting-room after the door was forced ffpen, the window was open. We now proceed to the sequence of events. Shortly before his death M. Felix, being alone in the house in Gerard-street, received a visitor—whether expected or unexpected, whether welcome -or unwelcome, we are not prepared to say, nor are we prepared to a^ate bow this visitor obtained entrance to the boose. Obtain entrance by soma means he undoubtedly did, and mounting the stain he knocked at the door of M. Felixfe sitting-room. At the moment M. Felix beard the knock he bd his Indian desk open before him; and it vae in connection with a Begret which this desk contained, or 'to which a document in the desk could afford a clue, that the visit was made. M. Ffelix, supposing tb&t; it was his housekeeper who knooked, opened the door «nd admitted the intruder. A stormy scene ensued, andM. Felix, throwiugopen his window, screamed for help. The appeal was sent forth int6 the wild night more from the fear that he was about to be robbed of this secret than from the fear that his life was in danger. The hypothesis IB strengthened by the fact that tliere were no marks of personal violence on the body of M. Felix. The visitor laid hands upon the desk, and as he did so M. FeHx turned from the window, snatched up the dagger, and hailed it with all his force at the robber. The sharp point struck into the flesh ef the intruder, and it was his blood which was discovered on the floor of the room. The agitation prodnoed by the scene brought on the attack of heart disease which caused M. Felix's death. The blind and momentary delirium which ensued did not prevent M. Felix from thinking of the revolver beneath his pillowB; he. staggered into his bedroom, bat before bereachednis bed be fell lifeless in » chair. While this was going on the robber luff seized tl>e dfesk, and, conscious that to ,.cany away with him the evidence of a dagger dripping with blood might lead to his detection, he threw it swiftly from him behind the sideboard. He threw it with his right band, his back being towards the door, which accounts for the place and position in which our reporter found the weapon. Then, with the desk in his possession, he escaped from the bouse—ignorant of the tragedy that had occurred, ignorant that M. Felix was lying dead within a few feet of him. He left the door -open, bat the fierce wind through the window blew it shut. It was while it was open that the cat which alarmed lbs. Middlesnore and the two constables crept into the room, became besmeared with blood, and crept The departure of the thief was like the falling of th^ curtain upon a pregnant act in an exciting drama. (Imagination follows the man as he flies with his stolen treasure through the deserted streets; imagination wanders to the dead form of M-' Felix lying in the chair by tbe bedside. When the curtain rises again, what will be disclosed? These thoughts came to the mind of our •eporter with lighting rapidity. Mrs. Middlemore had opened the street door, had closed it again, and was now ascending the stairs. What should he do with the dagger 1 To retain it would be an unwarranted act, and might be constructed into a theft. To take Mrs, Middlemore into his confidence might thwart his operations in the future. He pat his hand behind the sideboard, and let the dagger fall. It was now safely hidden from sight, and. its presence behind" the sideboard could only be discovered, by any other person than himself by the shifting of that piece of furniture. Mrs. Middlemore re-entered the room. "It was a runaway knock," she said. " The boyB and girls take a pleasure in it. If I could ketch one of 'em, I'd bang their head agin the wall." "Did yon see no one at all?" asked our reporter. "Only some people staring up at the winden," replied Mrs. Middlemore. "The 'ouse '«e become a regular show since that dreadful night. What do they expect to see ?" Perhaps the ghost of M, Felix," suggested our reporter, with, it must be confessed, a xather feeble attempt at humour. "Don't mention such a thing, Sir," said Mrs. Middlemore, piteously. "It makes my fcdi creep." "Ionly said it in joke. There are no such things as ghosts and spirits." "Home people believe otherwise, Sir." " The more fools they. Well, Mrs. Middlemore, there is nothing more I wish to ask you just now. I must go back to my duties. But I must not waste your time for nothing." He pressed into her willing palm another half-sovereign, ™»lring the second he had given ber. " I'm sure you're very kind, Sir," stud Mrs. Middlemore. after furtively glancing at the coin to see that it was not a sixpence. "Shall I see you agin ?" " Yea. Good night, Mrs. Middlemore." "Good-night, Sir," she responded, as they went downstairs. "I 'ope Sophy- won't lie gone long." " Shell be back soon, I daresay." He paused in the passage. "Mrs. Middlemore, are you satisfied that I am ycrar friend ?' •" Yes, Sir, I am. "Then if anything new oocurs you will let me know at once J" "I will.Sir." "And if it should happen," said our reverter, " that you remember anything you iave forgotten to tell me, you will come and let me know it ?' " 111 be sure to, Sir." Wishing; her good-night again hie left the bouse, and beard her <doee the street door behind him with a bang. It was not without a motive that our re- S irter had addressed his last words to her. e had an idea that she had not been quite frank with him respecting M. Felix's visitors, feeling assured that she could not be so entirely in the dark regarding them as she professed to fe& His visit had not been fruitless; he had become acquainted with the loss of the desk, .and-be had discovered the dagger with its «arionsly shaped handle. Two steps advanced Si *he mystery, which might lead to something ©f importance. He walked slowlybn, revolving these matters & :hu mind, and debating whether he could ^anake any present, use of them when his coat was plucked by a small hand. Looking down, be saw Sophy. ~ "Ah, SopEyTTiesaid, " what do you want ?" ' " I ve been ..waiting for yer," said Sophy. *'Tve got soinettdrik to teU." "Good. Whferfe shall we talki" Sophy's reply was a Btrange one. " I know," she said, "where they sells fried fish and fried tatere." She smacked her lips. " You would like some ?" "Wouldn'tI! Jest?" "Lead the way, Sophy." " You're a bride, old 'un, that's what you are." She walked (dose to him, rubbing against him after the fashion of a friendly cab, and conducted him towards the purlieus of Drury Lane. . " You're going to stand treat, ain't yer ?' "Yes, Sophy, to as many fried potatoes and aa much fried fish as you eaa comfortably tuck away." "No gammon yon know?" " I mean what I say, Sophy." ^Then there's stooed eels?" « tP > y° n shall have some." Don't say afterwards as I took yon in. My aisides made of injer rubber. The more I pats IB it the more it stretches." " I don't mind, Sophy." " You're somethink like a cent. I say was Aonty ijfed?" * "At the runaway knock?" " Oh, it was you, was it?" "Yes, it. was me : I was gitting tired of waiting for yer. She's cloee, ain't she?" ••Who? Yourannt?" "Yes ; bat I'm closer, I am. I could tell *ar' somethink as 'd make 'er 'air stand on dri r "And yon are going to tell it to me?" "Fcr'aps. If yer make it wuth my while." "Yon shall have no reason to complain, ' \ Is it about M. Felix r on wait till I've 'ad my tack oat." Burning as he was with curiosity, our re- V*rtei wisely sestrained his impatience. They Md now amsed at the fried potato shop, and Sophy stood before the open window with eager eyes. The potatoes were frizzling in the «an, and wepebeuig served out hot by a greasy Italian. His customers were of the very poorest sort, aad most of them received the amoking hot notatcea in the street, and went JUwar to eat them. Yon oould purchase a halfnensf'e worth er a penny's worth, the paper nags in which they wese delivered being of different sizes. On the open slab in the arindow were pieoes of fried plaice, tails, heads, and middles, the peine varying acceding to the size. A few aristocratic 'customers were imide the shop, sitting npon narrow wooden benches, and eating away ^itb W) MT ol grw enjoyment {To be continued.) | I I 