IRoveUst. In Love's Crucible. — «-«-* — By BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER X5 III.— (Coktjcsued.) At last it struck him that be could not any longer sit like & mummy, abstracted sod speech less, and, baring nothing to do, he got o.it his pipe and dropped down on the door-step, stretched his long limbs almost at her feet, and looked op at her. ' Not tired of ycurEecIusion, yet, Miss Mildred?' he asked. She looked down at him with a little slow smile. * Not in the very least. I am quite content.' QJaite content I He nodded, and. sighed. ' That's a great thing to say. Bat you look it : you look quite happy.' 'lam very happy,' she assented, in a low voice. ?Yes, you look-it, he said, thoughtfully, un consciously gazing at her sweet face, with its soft lepostf ill lips and downcast eyes. ' You look as if the world, with all its falsities and disap pointments, were a sealed book to you ; as if life had been one uutrsubled day, neither too bright or too cloudy, but — ' He paused suddenly, for at bis words the color left her cheeks, and she raised her eyes with a troubled look. * Oh, you are wrong, quite wrong,' she said, in a startled voice. ' Life has been very hard and sad for me till now ; perhaps that is why 1 am so content. Not too bright — ah, no, it has not been _ ._. ._ ? *°a.*id«liS=rTbut clouded. If yon only knew — ' moment, then, as a startled, shrinking expres- ' skm crossed her face, he added, instantly, * 1 beg your pardon — forgive me. It was not idle i:ui iosity.' * I am sure it was not,' she said, with a dash of color coming to her pale face again. * Bat my story would only weary you and pain me in the selling. And it would do no good,' she added, in a low voice, more as if communing with her self, and ending with & little sigh. ? It is all past and gone, like a strange, mysterious dream, and 1 am, as you see, at peace at last.' Gny looked at her, and then awsy at the dis tant horizon with a thoughtful frown. She spoke of mystery. 'Was it possible there could be any mystery in her past ? It was r.ot curiosity, but an intense, almost irreconcilable desire to* learn something of it that possessed him. * You will forgive me,'' he said, 4 but sometimes when 1 am thinking of you — ' she colored f aintiy and lowered her head at those words — ' 1 bare an idea that you have travelled a great deal. She looked up with a hesitating glance, and then went on with her work. * Yes,' she reluctantly said, ' I have travelled a great deal.' ' I thought so,' he gently responded. ' Why ?' * 1 scarcely know. For one thing, because 1 sometimes fancied 1 detected a little foreign ac cent ui your voice — something American. Once again she glanced at him with the half troubled, half-fearful look, as if wondering if he suspected anything she would not have him know. ' 1 hare been in America,' she slowly said. * I thought so,' said Gay, f raukiy. ' How strange ! Yoa know, of coarse, that I have not long returned from there ? ' Yes, I know,' she assented. ' It would be singular if I had met you there,* he said, as if communing with himself. ' Where you ever in San Francisco ?' A shade of white pass?d over her face, and she looked at him with a strangely searching glance. Her fingers paused in her task, and she answered him in a low tone : ' Yes, I have been in San Francisco.' * 'When ?* demanded Gay, eagerly. She hesitated, and then reluctantly answered: * In July.' 'July !' he repeated after her, in a tone of pleased surprise; 'why, I was therein July. Do yon know, the first, time 1 saw yoa 1 bad an idea that 1 had seen you before. 'Is it possible that : . . - we could nave met in :Ssn Francisco?';^; ]'.L ., : -'.-- r: r- ECTerJ-TaMst tiefore. Itjnustbe Bomeiancied Mt :c---\ : semblance.* ;? '? ?? :' ' :;.-;. ..^??'?V '-.: .,'/}' ' It is very singular,' said Guy, thoaghtf oily puftinj; at his pipe, and qaite unconscious of her agitation. ' I have never got over the idea that I had met you somewhere, or that yoa were like some one I knew. 1 fancied at Arst that you were like my Cousin Constance.' Mildred looked at him with a startled look of inguiry and of intelligence, as if the thought suggested' something new to her. * I V she said softly. * That was at first ; bat now I know yoa better the resemblance does not strike me. Perhaps,* he went on, looking at her musingly, * I may have seen year portrait at some friend's over there. The more 1 think of it the more the idea comes to me that it was in a portrait 1 Baw you.* She shock her head, with a troubled, wistful look, and said : * No, I had no friends . 1 never had any, only one— my mother: and when Host her 1 was alone in the world — quite friendless.* She looked down at him with a gentle Bmile, hat there was a moisture in the beautiful eyes that set his heart beating^ ?What a brute 1 am !' he earnestly exclaimed — thick-headed, too, to tronble you like this ! 1 certainly am the stupidest fellow in the world 1 Any other man would have seen that he was paining you by his cackle. 'Will you forgive me?1 \- he pleaded, leaning toward her eagerly. . ' i will' never do to again ; indeed, I did sot know, or 1 would rather have knocked my stupid head against the wall.* She smiled and wiped away a tear that rolled like a pearl down her .round cheek. * It Is 1 who am stupid,' she *ai3, ' and 1 who onAt to ask Tom-forgiveness for— for— being so sensitive. Bat I don't think we have ever met kefore*he other day, and it must be thatlmw like TOSieone you *ave jseen, though,* shemdded, -*j£n * «nile, *I do not ihink it can be Miss fijarfe&MieBaiiM; they »y «-e is so fcjautifut ' J%^-' began Ctojr- hastily, snd with ' ~ - ^ ^me»*iWHH«i*w«aeii*BOl«rwl and went ©n, brilliant blusn; bat he went on again, man Sully: ???. -: . ' . ' ? ' ..' '' ' Well,- why shouldn't I speak the truth ? You are tk&utif; nl, as any but a blind man can see. Why ihoaldn't 1 speak of what is as certain a fact as that the world is round.' With' her face all aflame, she shook her head. ' I am unused to such compliments,' she said ; * to any indeed, 60 I do not know what to say. Of coarse I am very much obliged, Mr. Hart Jeigli/and she laughed again in a manner which indicated that she did not set much store by what he had said. ' That's right,' he said, cheerfully. ' I wanted to hear you laugh. It was worth being rude to get it. And if you are so much obliged you can show it by singing something forme, will you?' 'I don't think you deserve it,* she said, still smiling. She rose, nevertheless, and went to the piano. Guy leaned his head against the door-post and watched her, as her white, slender fingers glided over the keys, and the exquisite voice rose softly into song. ' She is not only beautiful,' be thought, * she is lovely— loveably beautiful ! What a hard world it is ! — that she, whom the winds should not hare visited too angrily, should have suffered ! She has keenly suffered, too. Not a friend in the world ! All alone, she said. Poor girl! But she is not friendless now I' he thought, with sudden energy ; ' She has one true friend, if he is only a feol ! Til be her friend if she'll let me. Bat what can 1 do for her? Nothing. She is happy -and content, she says, Ah !' and he sighed, ' if she were only suffering from some wrong, and wanted some one to right her — to defend and protect her, there would be some com fort in that— for me. 1 could do something then. But to be her friend only till someone with a better title comes to take her away — ohe's very Deautilnl.iinHibine one iBEure to come sooner or . laterJ;1^ or— ^ebnf onnd him 1 -whoeveVhe mav be !' ' - - .- -»--Hfe-*ro1^1^nd,'^^Ms^ni*odisjthe jdea of t a possible lover for Miss Mildred Thorpe, he rose and went to the piano. She was slaving softly, a sort of running accompaniment to her thoughts it seemed to him, and did not hear him ap proach Guy stood looking at her, his hand so near her that it almost touched her arm, a strange, wistful, troubled feeling possessing him. He was to marry — if he kept his promise — to marry Con stance. If be did not he would probably lose Sir Bichard's wealth — though he did not care for that — and would certainly cause Sir Bichard a severe disappointment. And he had been willing to many Constance, bad given her his love, but she bad coldly thrust it aside. Another man would have been piqued into a still more obsti nate passion, as Caryl Wilton had been ; but not so Guy — frank-hearted, candid Guy. Her '.old- ness had lnado him miserable, the air of mystery and reserve bad chilled him and saddened him ; and now, at the critical moment, be meets this beautiful creature, a faint shadow of Constance, with all the tenderness and meek maidenliness which to him Constance lacked. Was he fickle? He could scarcely accuse him self of that. For one thing, he was not in love with this sweet young creature yet. He liked her, in a friendly way, and she exerted a soothing quieting influence over him, bat be was quite sure he did not lore. He thought of Constance as he looked at her, and he sighed. She bad not known be was so near, and, look ing around with a little start, was in time to 6ee the troubled, perplexed look in bis handsome face. Her voice faltered, and her fingers strayed on the keys. ' I am tiring you,' she said, and her hands dropped in her lajs. ' No, no,' he eagerly said. ? I — it was very rude — but I was thinking of something while you were singing. Not that I was not listening, for I was, and earnestly. How beautifully you play and sing ! But, there I I've said that so many times. What a delight it must be to you to bo able to give so much pleasure to others by your music' 'It never struck me in that light before,' she answered with a light laugh. ' I regard myself as one of the most useless of creatures.' 1 You !' Eaid Guy. ' Then what must you con sider me? A mere cumberer of the ground.* ' Ob, no,' she earnestly answered. ' You have your duties — the duties of your position. I am not so stupid as to think that these in high places have nothing to do. The dame has told me how much yon have to see to.' — ^-jt-^na-nf rttiil cVno- ?froaofttlmoe .Ka^ly linrpp yo.U,1 he said. 1 No. Like most bumble people, I like to hear of the life and doings of these above me.* ' Don't talk like that,' he said, with a pained expression. ? Above yoa I If you mean me, I feel so infinitely your inferior that I am humbled when I come near you. As for auybodv else,' he went on, with unnecessary warmth, ' I know of no one who can compare with you ? ' He stopped ia confusion, and she looked up at him with a frightened flush. Then sbe bent her head timidly and looked down. As she did so, h(T brooch — a little silver bird — fell from her threat to the floor. She bent, and put ont her hand to recover it, and in doing so touched Mb face, as he stooped also. The blood flew to both their faces as she drew her hand back ; but when he looked up her face was pale. He looked at the brooch for a moment, and then held it oat to her in his open palm; and as she touched it with the tips of her soft white hand, his fingers closed on hers. With a sudden quiver she raised her eyesto his, a half-frightened questioning in them. Some words trembled on Gay's lips, a world of passionate longing 6hone in his eyes ; then he remembered Constance and his promise to Sir Richard, and, as if with a sudden effort, he let her draw her hand away, and with tightly com pressed lips be turned aside. With a long breath, either of relief or regret, she let her fingers touch the keys, to gain time and composure. When she looked around afterward, Guy was gone, and a minute later she beard the sound of his horse tearing up the lane. Then the music suddenly ceased, and her face went down and was hidden in her hands. Guy rode like a man fleeing from some terrible temptation, but the look in those soft, melting brown eyes went with him and haunted him. That touch of her warm hand on his cheek — why had it sent the blood surging through him and made his heart beat so wildly ? Could it be possible that he loved her? He bad only seen her twice or thrice — knew nothing of her except that she was loth to mention the past. And Constance 2— what was to be done about her ? It was true she showed no sign of accepting him if he proposed to her ; but still, he had promised, and the promise waB sacred to Guy. And that thought took him to one of love. Did he love Contance, or had the sweet-faced girl at the cottage won his heart?' 'Why, else, had he beea on the point of telling her so at that moment when ie held her band prisoned in his?,. She could be bidy^aKaad^ood, «nd sowhatifiidit ;*na|^'t|6^;%m:'-:!^ he loved her, and it seemed to him that he Had iBomeiigiittohope that she was not indifterent to him. iButi»hat right had he «ren to think of her when he was pledged to another? And he was, and he could not in honor withdraw his promise. fie groaned and dag the spurs into Hotspur's sides till that noble beast reared and plunged forward in a mad gallop. As for Mildred, she could not leap into the saddle and ride ' away her perplexity and em barrassment: bat she sat with her face hidden until the dame came in. and then had to meet the storm of questions and reproaches which the old lady poured oat when she found that Guy had fled. Mildred evaded the good soul as well as she could, and then caught up a white ehawl and said she would go out for a walk. It mattered little to her which way she took, and it was not until she had gone some distance that she realised that sbe had turned toward Hartleigh village. CHAPTER XXIV. ? ? ' TOO 1 IB IT TOU, THEN I' Hartleigh Hall was filled with guests, and al though Gay was not there to sit down with them that night.Sir Sichard did not watt for him, for he knew that lie had much to do now that he had undertaken the care of the estate. Dinner was over, . and there had been music, snd many of ihe guests had seated themselves at the card tables. Maida had wandered out on the verandah, where she thought to be alone, bat she had not been there many seconds when she heard a step behind her, and looking around, s&#Caryl Wilton. * Pardon me for disturbing you,* he said, * bat I had a word to say to you which I hoped yoa would forgive. Itjs about a dear friend of mine who is near to trouble without knowing it, and I vr&ntyour; advice on the matter. 'Will von give it?' $be turned » trifle pale vaS. drew a sharp breath. ~ iMIeastl will li.ear the eace,* she answered, in » scarceljrMaible voice. \ f5'o ^8»it teorei&arioyon;^etttiinpnoBV . a case'. . et us tak6 the case of a woman who is iii danger. She has an acquaintance — s*y ady Gladys, for example — who is jealous of her and wishes her harcu Then there comes a man from America, who tries to appear very simple, but who has a secret understanding with Lady Gladys. I don't know what harm the man can do but 1 am convinced be seeks to do harm. What I would like to. say to my dear frier d is, that if she, has any papers or other valuables which could possibly betray her, she had better destroy them, that is all. He had not looked directly at Maida as he said this, or he would have seen that she was growing ashy pale. Perhaps he knew the probable effect of his words, and preferred not to look at ber un til he had finished. ' How can 1 help yoa in the matter ?' she asked in a low tone. Then he turned, and looked her fall ia the face. 'If nothing suggests itself to you, then there is nothing you can Eay to help me,' he gently said. ?No,' she answered, almost coldly, 'nothing suggests itself to me. 1 do not understand you. I hope yoa will excuse me if I leave yoa. I wish to irslk.' *? Not alone ?' ? Why not ?' *Ob, you mu6t not. Those jewels! You might meet some evilly disposed person, or — f You are fanciful, Mr. Wilton. Please excuse me,' and she drew her light shawl about her, and glided away from Mm. He stood looking after her with lowering brows, and had just made up his mind to follow her and insist upon accompanying ber, when he heard Sir Richard calling him, and stood still. ? Is that you, Mr. Wilton ?' 'Yes. Sir' Richard.* . '1 am like a shepherd who is always losing his } sheep. . HavB^ouseennjydanghtsr?' .-?''??'. - -JJUiss Hartleigh has .gonVio her room, perhaps,* said Caryl, knowing how alarmed the old man would be if be knew that his daughter had gone out into the grounds alone to walk. And the two walked back into the house together. _ Maida stepped swifUy across the terrace, hold ing her shawl closely to her, the moonlight fall ing on her face, which showed no trace of nervousness or fear — nothing but a sort of vexa tion at having been spoken to about a matter which she bad been trying to forget. She no longer feared. Save for passing moments of sud den, -ierce mental struggles, like those of a chained and imprisoned wild animal, no presen timent filled ber soul, or tempted her to swerve from the dangerous path on which sbe had set cut. Sometimes she almost believed that her past life was & dream, aud that she was Constance Hartleigh. To-night, save for a few moments of terror, as Caryl Wilton revived memories of the past, she was at peace with herself and with the past. He was fanciful. What could there be in any secret between Lady Gladys and the American — any secret which could hurt her? Even Caryl Wilton could not be sure that she was not t lie rightful daughter of Sir Richard, for, after all, she was the only daughter he had living and she would not let him think that he could move her at will. With a look of defiance, she balf paused and looked around. As if to strengthen her assur ance, the night lay silent as a tomb. ' How exquisite !' she murmured, looking up at the sfcy. ' I shall surely have time to have a look at the church. How can they find any pleasure in sitting in those warm rooms, while aU this calls to them in vain ?' Communing thus, she opened the wicket-gate, and stood among the tombs, gleaming white in the moonlight. And, as she looked around, a smile played about her lips. ' Certainly I am not nervous, she said. ' Are there many women with a taste like mine who would stand here without a shudder ? How quiet it all is 1 1 wonder how the church looks in side.' She was passing the porch to look in at one of the small windows, when she saw, to her aston ishment, that the door was half open. With a smile at the thought of the extent to which Sir Bichard's anger and amazement would have gone had he but known it. sbe pushed the door open, and entered. * She stood in the nave, admiring the weird beauty of the moonlit pillars and carvings, and then walked slowly around the aisles. A vivid rsyormoonllgiit-fcU -nam. a largo wliit» muU« tablet, and attracted her attention to it. The tablet was no curiosity to ber, but she always looked at it whenever she entered the church. She knew the lines by heart, but she read them again: ?ACHED TO THE MEMORY OF AGATHA, Wi- fcE OF SIB KICEAKD HiETLEKJH, Eifi;,, Born June 6th, IS—, Died December 11th, 13—. 1 To Lady Hartleigh ?' she murmured. ' Yes» that is the world's way. A huge, glaring tablet of stone is offered as an atonement for a life of wrong- doing, as a compensation for years of suffering. Such atonement and compensation as it is, she has had paid to her ; bat what atone ment has been made to that other suffering woman, betrayed and deserted ? I forget. An atonement has been made, and it is I who have snatched it — 1, the daughter of the betrayed, wronged, deserted woman I Atonement, do I say ? What atonement could be more complete ? 1, the child of the deserted woman, and in the place of the rightful heiress, am the acknow ledged daughter and heiress, bear the proud Hartleigh name, wear the family diamonds, can marry, if I choose, the heir to the title. Mother!' and she stretched out her arms, with a passion ate sob ; ' have I not already kept my oath ? What more can you demand ? What more ? Is it not enough ? Mother, be satisfied !' With a gesture almost of appeal, she let her arms fall to her sides, and with bent head moved from before the tablet. As she passed into the deep shadows cast by one of the pillars, a sudden thrill ran through her — one of those strange sensations by which we are convinced that, hitherto unsuspected by us. we feel that some other human being is near us. She heard nothing, saw nothing, yet she felt that something strange and mysterious was near her. For the first time since leaving the terrace fear seized her. An intangible horror reached out a hand from the unknown and touched her. White as death, not trembling, bat with every limb as rigid as the stone figures on the tomb, she leaned against the pillar and stared before her. A minute — it might have been an age — passed, and she was about to make a great effort to recover her presence of mind, when, with a horror no tongue can describe, she saw a white substance gliding from the chahceL ~ 'With noiselees, regular . moVementa, - it seemed to float down the aisle, now lost in the shadows, '? nowwhite and distinct in the moonlight. ; Cold heads of sweat stood on Maida's face.: With starting eyes she watched, powerless to move a limb or utter a cry : one thought alone possessing her, in the shape of a vague prayer, that the Something might not approach her or tarn \Xa face. Slowly the white figure reached the nave and was gliding toward the door, when all at once, as it came opposite to the tablet to the memory of Lady Hartleigh, it threw up its arms, and ~ turn ing full towards Maida, wailed mournfully ; 'Mother! mother F With an awful horror, Maida saw that the face was that which she had last seen lying cold and rigid in a far-away land. For one moment she stared in speechless horror, and then started forward, with a wild cry. The face turned from the tablet, with an ex pression ef honor not less than Maida s own, stared an instant, and then, with a wail, cried: ?You? Is it you, then?' , The cry rang in Maida's ears like a call from the dead, and, with a piercing scream, she sank senseless on the cold stones. It seemed to Maida that an age had passed when she recovered consciousness, and slowly, fearfully raised her head and looked at the spot where she had seen the accusing face. She gave a great gasp of relief when she realized that she was alone. Painfully she rose to her feet, mur muring: ? Have I been asleep, or — or was it a vision ? No] Such things are not possible. There are no ghosts, save our own evil consciences. And yet — and jet — oh, Heaven, how like it waB ! And — and— there it stood— there; by her mother's tab let, nttering her name — crying * mother, motherf it was a dream — only a dream; bat one more such dream would drive me mad.' it was some minutes before she sould summon sufficient courage to leave tte shadow of the pillar and make her way to she door ; out at last she passed ont of the church, and closing the door btMntt' her, stood in the porch, drawing her shawl around her, and struggling hard to gain i»mpo«ure.--{To sub Costiwjm)) JjQ 15 