Items uf Hefos. Visit of the Mount Gambiee Hogkbs. — An adjourned meeting of the promoters of a run with the Mount Gambler bounds &£ .Hamilton on Gia morn- ing after the forthcoming races, was held at the Yictoria Hotel last evening, when there was a good attendance, Mr. J. Longh- nane presiding. Mr. t. "Vines reported' that £16 of the £28 required had been promised, which was considered satisfactory as far as it went. Several persons who had been written to had not yet sent in replies. Messrs. Vines and. Bloomfirid' were deputed to go ronnd and -collect tbe amounts promised, and the nnwfa'ng -was postponed until 4 o'clook on Saturday. Inspection of Mounted Eiflks. — The annual inspection of H Company by (he officer commanding Mounted "Rifles commences to-day, each detachment being inspected at its respective locality. Major Hoad will arrive by this morning's train, when he will proceed to Byadnk to inspect the local detachment; Cssterhm on the 26th; Branxholme on the 27th; Narra- wong on the 28th ; Heywood and Myamyn on the 29th; and Hamilton on the 31st August. Shekp- Dog Matches.— Wednesday promises to be a gala day at Donkeld, when an important riieep-dog match will take place, and the substantial prizes of £8 and £5 will be competed for, and this will be followed by a epaxrdw mafaffi.- On the next day (Thursday) a sheep-dog match will take place at Penshurst, the prizes .being £10, £4 and £1. Also, a consolation . sweepstake for puppies. Farther particu lars will be -found in our advertising columns. ' Babbit Extermination. —Yester day Mr.R-T.Garty proceeded to Melbourne, where, in company with Mr. Molesworth and a- nnmbsrof other gentlemen, he will wait upon the Minister of Lands with reference to steps to be taken fa effectually abate the rabbit nuisance. uSie precise hour at which the Minister will receive the deputation is not known, hut we expect it will be at two o'clock oh Thursday. Hamilton Footbaia, Club. — A special meeting of toembers of this elnb was held at the Criterion jSntel on Satur day evening, Mr. I. O'Eszrell occupying the chair. ' The object of (he meeting was to decide whether the club should send an- other team to Warrnamhool'to compete fair ' the Wynne trophy, there being .a decided, opinion in the minds of eomejprominent- members that in the "present "highly an-" satisfactory state of the club's finances it would -be more .-honourable to, , withdraw, from the" eontest thah to be in debt At thfe end ri the season. After a lengthy debate it was decided that a return match be played at Warrnambool. The match committee was authorised to select a-taam, but on the distinct under: standing that the clnb will not bear any ex pense in connection with the match. The Warrnambool Clnb having made an offer to bear half the loss (not extoedingflO), if the Hamilton Clnb engaged a special -train, the desirability. orotherwise, tit doing so was discnsBPd, with tile result tiiat it' was de cided that the team ahouia travel in the ordinary way. The date on whidh the re tain match is to be played -was fixed for Thursday, 3rd September, the secretary to make arrangements with the Wanmambodl- rihb with taaurne to-tbe hour rt'lriuth the gameis to commence. Obe secretary stated that a match had been atxanged with (he ahorigipalB ri Condah mission station, to be played in Hamilton on Saturday next. A vote of b«T.k to the chair brought the meeting to a close. Rifle Matoh — The fitate.school cadets of Hamilton and Portiand again tried conclnsions on Saturday last, when a team of five, under the command <5f Liriit. "Cross, proceeded to the latter place. where, they met a team of equal Bnihbkr, under Lieut. Heazlewood, in a .frfanffly'Contest. The Hamilton lads had, been twioe defeated before, and they were resolrad "to do better tins time.: The wealherwas fine and teoold hate been favouzabletorifle shooting had ik not been for -a stoon wind Mowing across the range ; .hut inspite of ..this (he "sopring was very fair and thAt of Corpbral Symes at 100 yards could not be surpassed, he maldi«liWtertpterib>£SStei were 100 andT 200 yards, 7 shots at each range. JSmiiiirtchbteritedfa'AvictoryJto list of Ihe Bopras Hamilton— CoteJtfwis, '51 ; Pte. Holdenj Sl ; We. 4iT«7 rp. Byrnes, 44 vHargt-Hrown, 38. Total, : hamieton mechanlailnbtimjsai— tte oommittoe w# heHt "brr tiie ; 120thinst.;-whBn -ail tte" members were presmtlsb Mrisrs. Knight discumedandadqptoik arid awpte uftbanks psnood : yinanhnnnsly .-Air&Mie; sarvioe Cross, the -librarian, to compile a siinnls arid oomfdrte catalogue. As the inrtT has been very prosperous under the Khil jH natnagiimfnt Df Mr. Cross, it was proposed H to very; shortly increase the librarians 8 salary. The circulating librarv has been |H tborrraily Overhauled, the shelves dusted. H the books properly arranged, and otherim! H provements made, so that the institute ic H now looking far brighter. A printed R fogne wfll shortly be presented to 11 sub. 8 scribers. H Hamilton Hospital Bazaar — B The weekly meeting of the ladies' committee took place in the Coancil chambers yester- H day afterooon.- There was a good attend- ance, Mr. B. S. Bree occupying the rii.jr A letter was read from Mr. Geo. Phillip Premier Band, stating that thev would te B happy to play in front of the Town Hall W far half -an -hour every alternate eveninv IM during the --bazaar: —It -wus» deodrfS - H advertise far a Punch and Judv. The MH ball programme was read and adopted MB and other matters in connection with the bell were amazed- The foUow- ing donations was reported : — From H Mr. E. B. Noske, £2 2s. Per Hamnel — From Messrs. Sands aid BH MDougaU, parcel of goods; Messrs. Mow- bray, Rowan and Hicks, do ; Miss Brouvh- ton, do ; Mrs. Macaulay, do ; Mrs. Drum- mond, do; Mrs. Tbomwrh; Monivae, a bair BB ' of feather pillows. Per "Mrs. Moynan— A IB pared cf., goods from Means-. Mowbray, 9 1 Rowan and Hicka. Per Mrs. Bennett— Mr. |fl Hugh Oimeron, iMacartiuir, a parcel of B c foods'; Mlss Armatrong, £2 ; Mr. J. Greed, H t a lamp; Mr. A. Stewart, Bochsra.fi; Mr. H . Biggs, a pair fowls. Per Miss Mead— Mrs. H Fogg, £2 ; Mrs. Davis, 5s. Per Mrs. Bree MM ' — Mr. Sinclair Cor, 2 sheep ;-Mrs- Bnokeu- BB l shire, a large wax -doll ; Mrs. GampbtiL B t Nortii - Hamilton, a doll, a pair of wall B nnuunmu »rvl promise of some fowla Per Mr. Loctoe— £1 Is foam an old es- H 1 tahTishcd Melbourne firm. Per Min, H Leannonth — Mrs. W. 3. Angtin 10s- Mr |H T. Hobertson,. Moyne Falls,- £2 ; from H '' friend, £1 Is. Per Mrs. Drought Mr H M'Mahon, Melbourae, £3; Mrs. Irwin! H ,i Ballarat. a parcel of goods: Mr. Dmnt 5 £3 2s, and 2 steel engravings. Per tfi-r Younger— Mrs. Brooiton, £2. Per Mrs. B Murphy — Mrs. Perrottet, 5s ; a friend, 3a. B A Mistaken Ihpbbssion, we are B d told, has got abroad respecting the sheep 1 B sold in MUboume by Meters. W_ xnH q, H Fotoyth, some persons befog under the im- B F presrioa that these shem were theprizB- B ® takers at the' Sheepbreedeis' t wnmSnB H Show. This was not the case, and the B probability is that the Messrs. Forsyth Effi ol would not take ten times the money given B e' for any sheep they sold, for any of their B winners, especially for one of the ewes de- B 5i scribed cs being one of the most perfect H k' models of what a longwooQed sheep ourtit B 1: to be! that has been seen in the colony. B Messrs. Forsyth will again compete to-day B attheGrand National, '.andwe shall be sur- nE ca msad, if they do not gather in many more B ' The Dangebdde Practice of throw- B ing about poisoned baits has »win H £, indulged in, a very valuable rlt setter |B i( belonng to Mr. Perrotiet C.P£, baying H been " poisoned on Sunday. Lnckilv H th remedies were quickly applied, and the life |H y< of .one of the handsomest dogs in the IB „ Western District was saved. A dog belong- d< ing to Mr. T. Fines also suffered in lito manner. ' Tbe practice of promiscuously bi throwing poisoned food shout cannot be too strongly -condemned, and whoever may be B of found out indulging In it renders himself BQ liable to severe punishment. B Visit of the' Phonograph. — I a' Edison's scieatific wmwI -ft pv, r,n ryr gb ri will speak in tiie Town HaH on Wednesday H ? and Thursday evenings. And not only will B ri it speak but entertain the audience with comic and eentimental songs in m»l» IH 8a: female voioes, pianofarte and band music, B c. exactly as sung and performed by some of H " the grmtest artists- of the day. lis B w< merbanism will also be explained by a com- B . petont lecturer. As the entertainiqent will |B be such a novelty and one, too, of such an R !m instructive idisiacter; we miticipate that H hu there wfll be a crowded house. Prqftssob Pkfpke, when in Hamil- B' ton; was strongly impressed wilh the idea H y« that in seasons of droughty artificial rain B by could be produced by means of explosives B 1-i sent up in a balloon or by means of a kite. B hi Subsequently, we believe, he experimented |B th in South Australiabut either his appliances BB were not good or the explosions strong B m enough to produce any marked effete. We |B c« notice by our Beater's "A1gir"i that his IB Bt idea, if indeed it originnted with him hag B hi been very successfully carried into effect in H fa Texas, torrents of rain having been m«3c KB to fall from a perfectly cloudless sky by ex- B CI plosions of dynamite conveyed to the upper fS fa regions in -small balloons. We do not Bib know whether the old gentleman is alive B ta or not. If he is. none will more HI m greatly rejoice at the success of tile B experiments which he wss. we behave; the H tt first, to initiate. The Professor, had fas B le reaped the fall benefit of his inventions BB in would have been a very wealthy man B di indeed. Most of us can remember the B CI sensation "his " ghost" caused, and the B large audiences that UBed to assemble to |B cl see what was then looked upon as aphe- B wl nomenon, but it was a recipe of his, at least |H m so he told us, that brought in the most B ro dollars: riot into his purse, but into that of |H oi Hup, whose fruit salta have a world-wide fame. B of Academy v. Junior Trades, — An H ¥ interesting game of football between teams B representing the Hamilton Academy aud h "Junior. Trades," was played on the BB „ former's ground on Saturday, fifteen a- Iffi side. The steuggle for the most part was ffi gi very nneven, as the juniors proved to be too heavy far the Academicians, who had ffi | also several , of their prominent pUyem B absent. The game resulted in a decided IB (0 win for the taadesmen by four goals nine H . behinds, to one goal six behiuds. Mr. Geo. B Dennett officiated as umpire in his usual B . impartial manner. B M I n i n G. — The manager of the B n Dynevor Silver Mine, Denison Town, BB tt Jl.S.W., writes under date I4th Aug.: " Hie B lo No. 1 tunnel has been driven 4 feel for the BB gt week; total distance, 169 feet. Now break- H Si 'ing down Ihe lode, which is 4 feet wide ; the IB in "hanging wall side of lode carries good H fj first grade ore, the other portion is mixed ti 'with good-looking ore of green appearance IB ci and; almost, free ""from manganese. Think ;- IB d: the change a very favourable one. The |H tl shaft has been connected with the tunnel, a< and the first grade ore on the hanging wall V Bide broken down. Have had two men in H ai "the No. 2 tn Tine! a part at the week, and al have extended it 4 feet; total distance, 37 B pi feet. This lode is still to a certain extent B unsettled, but the manager is very sanguine B that it will open up well as we get deeper. B Some jjood galena ore was broken down B yesterday and today. The 5 tons sent to H b Sydney gave a return of lSozs. of silver and B a trace of gold to the ton." B The Land Act. — Grant approved : B S J. " Howlett, Dergholm. Tiirenses P" J S roved: W. Calder, Duchembegarra; X- B I'Kay, Bnngalally and Vectis East; J- a Fallon, Toolongrook; J. Forrest, Connaii- £ gorach; ' and D. Murohy, Framlingbam. h leases approved: C. Thorne. Peechsmber ; Bii G. -Frew, Jung. Jang; . Isabella Lindsay, ? Boseneath; Jane Alp-raTidpr and Isabella Alexander, Xorquon; Louise Diggelmanu, ii Ywtis: East ;3r. Jones, Minim Pimm; S M&htelEyAnd;'- Margaret -Mahoney , Bringel- - £ hart ; SnnsaTmh Richpwlg Hnnnik Koomk : t. c. RokBsky, Toolondo ; L- Rudows, B o Gymhoweri ; W. Yonlderi, Eout Narin ; H. J Zerbst, Mockinya ; W. Cooper, Hotspur; « ,W. Dunn, Annya ; H. Stuchbtey and H. d Williamson, Gorae ; and A. Livingstone, J Ardno. B| « THE Pmanwuinp MATCHES. — J Another great sensation was caused in football circles on Saturday, when it « . stated that South Melbourne had been ; defeated, by Melbourne, the smart team whidh this eaaeon has been -such bboutoo a gratification to its supporters and annoy- „ anoe to its opponents. The other matehm a resulted As£ollciw ; -Carlton, seven goal nine bteSds.Keat St. Knda, one gaJ ti |B , "bdunds Essendon, seven goals right he-, |B hinas,TteatFort Mribonrne, pm goalstwo Hi behindA; Fitteoy.'four goals nme behinas, beat Gerioqg, three goals nine, behinds ; x North Melbourne, Ihree goslifive behind, B« made a draw with Richmond, three goal ' six behinds ; Footseray," two goals eleven 1 behinds, made a draw with "Wifliainslown, . I tro goafa twel ve faehirirlH. j, Tbeasubv AooouisTB. — At the Hrim- B iltonjteeasnry aoooimte for the friloteng H await collection :— R. A Algie, G. T.Affm, H « W. CoUiB, A , Cameron, S. Connor, W. G. Dpqn H. Dnnean, J. Dnggan, W. H J ' I DinDon B A- Skene, T. Soott, F. R. I 5'nie ,3 R. Taylor. It is notified that I «ii arasooiS unpaid on the attecnoon o£ the | iTwtotiTreaeary I xfdboniwin connection with tbe, annual I Glance, lot will !» a®8-!11 available after I the lapse tf a few days. I Deati of the Hon. J. P. Mac- I .Hsssox.-The death is announoed of the I Hon. J- P- Macpherson who, elected as I Se repraentative of the Nelson Province : I in 1886 hd the honor of being. re-elected I r t vear, Air. Macphereon was the brother I of fitte Bid. 3. A. Macphereon, who for- I meriy reiresented Dondas in the Legisla- I tive AsamWy, and became Chief Secre- . I torv deceased gentleman was noted I for his pnial hospitality. He was also a I m8fl cfiberal ideas, and his early death— hews0 nly 49 years of age —will be deeply I reersttd by his very many friends and I Caauitances in this portion of the colony. I He ma-ried Miss Morton, daughter of Sir TV Ckrke's well-known manager of tbe I nywliig Forest estate, and was one of I tie most popular and well-known men in I the BiUsrat district. 