j WILD OATS. \- -ftt- , A ligbt atruok, like a knife, through the gloom, Then thero> wan darkness Again, A muflled ory. Thou bUoqoo, In a inomont tho man removed hia hand from the woman's mouth, " Don't eorenm, I have no intention ol hurting you, I am not here to steal; I am hiding. If you make a Bound, if you alarm r,he house, I am a lost man," Suddenly tho moon, issuing from under a cloud, threw a pale beam over the place where they utood. Tho woman-ahe sva» only a pale, alight gill-could not aeo the intiuder'a face distinctly-a faco haggard, determined, deflperate, What intuition had made him opeak aa he had ? At tho supreme orisea of life there sometimes come these illuminations, He was an unknown mun, fleeing for safety or for lifo and making hia way by main force in the dead of night into the outskirts of a strange houuo. Yet all the girl aaid, after looking at him a moment, woa: " llow did you got hero ?" *' I vaulted over the outer wall. I repeat that if you make a sound 1 am*a lest man." Ho made no othor appeal to lur ; yet eho oontinucd motionleBB, not calling, only trembliDg a little from cxoitement. .'You onn't hide hero," eho then Bald, " You will bo found; you oan go out ol tho houan door if thut will help you." Ho did Dot answer aud eho turned mechanically to lead tho way, Tho bar of moonlight accompanied them, pieroing tho interior of tho dark, wide rooms. Sho moved noiecleealy, a white, Bhadowy figure, and tho man followed. Sho might be-sho probably was-helping a felon to esofipe. Thi thought went through her brain. > But eho EoundleBBly drew Bfcitle tho fastening of tho heavy door; tho silver-tinted sea lay without, heaving, \uth long breahB, in sleep. " There is tho road to the open oountry," she faid. It stretched away liko ,a white ribbon, In* definitely, into tho night. Again ho answered nothirg. Only, as ha paosod through tho. door, he turned and looked at her. For tlayB this tropic sea had been of ft denee, deep, unchanging cobalt bluo. WindB were light j tho fiky arched abovo liko u dome ol unclouded sapphire, To llosalya tho past and the future appeared alike to have become merged in a distant, soft, silver haze. But then this waB natural j for lloBnlya was to be married Bhortly after the YCBBCI reached port. After spending two yearB in tho Auotralian wildB Bbe was return ing home. And the man to whom eho was to givo herself was returning with her. "It will seem strange to you-the life of civilisation-alter tho other sort of life you led bo long, and tho freedom of it," ohe would say to him aa they slowly paoed tho dock together under the luraiuons Southern atara that seemed to hang above them like golden lampa But Storrman never inado any direofc reply. Ha talked little at any timo of his past | ho acknowledged that ho had been rather wild when ha first took to tho Aus» tralian buBli, Perhaps that, Bho thought, was the reason for hia rolieence. In general he did not eay much about himself. But hia bold eyes looked down upon her tenderly and ho pressed her slender aim with a lover's passion, In truth, alio bad never seemed so lovely to him aa in these days with the oeean windu in her pale gold hair and the infinite blue of sky and sea reflected in deeper shades under tho long fringe of her dark lashed. And ho said to himself that ho loved her, loved her extremely, Sba was chaming and he saw no reason to regret that ho had beoome engaged to her. Who was rather poor, to bo sure. But then ho himself had enough for both, Lst him only got full in the stream of civilised life again a man's identity waa never so lost aa in a crowd-and with money and a pretty and wiutiomo wile, what could ho more desiro/ All those results appeared imminent now. Ha was conscious, as every day took them farther from one shore tvnd nearer to another, that tho seuee of approaching a final goal brought a restless impatience with it. By Heavei}! It was a luoky day fof a man, tho day in which ho felt that ho had burned hia ships bahind him 1 Burned them so orieply to tho lafrt cinder that not tho moat spectral ghost could rise up from their ashes, Storrinan did not expect to be troubled with spcotres, And yot ho saw one, It waa Into ono afternoon on deck i a lint mid heavy atilluei/a had fallen over tho eea. Tlio tvejiinn &hy; had an almost omlniona splendor find depth oi blueijeus. The flunaot had flamed itself away, leaving ono crimson banner of cloud euetohing upward lilto a pointing linger, Btorrman v?aa alone ; ho lmd wandered forwnrd negligently among tho second cabin papsbnfjerp. And tliore, looking down, ho came upon a portly recurn. bent fiRnro turned motionless toward the bcb. Tho man had drawn tho cap low down over hia ejp.et, What a reacmbliinoe! The next instant ho had glanced upjthia was no Bimplo reaetnblance. Thoy looled sit eaoh other and neither moved for tbo epnee of a moment. Stoirman was tho first to un lock hia dry lipn. " You ftvo here ? How-" big voioe ap peared to strangle in hia tliroat. The otlior had not changed color by a shade. " You aro nurprised to &ca; ma," ho said alowly. " Well, I suppose it ia natural that you should bo; it ia exactly flvo years since we parted. The five yenra have made a difference too," His dark eyeB travel/ed leisurely over Stomas,n'a appearance-an appearancc faultlesa and iauiaaoulato, tho appearance of tho BiiooonEful man of the world, Then with a cynical something that was liko a emile they dropped to hiineolf-shabby, eeody, a Booond>olas3 paREonger, nothing more. Storrman watohed him with a blanching face. " Do you intend to talk ? To tell what you know? How have you been on board bH this time without my seeing you ?" "Iwaopretly well knockcd up when wo left port; low fever or something of that sort. I hud to take my bunk and etay there, An to talking-ns to tolling the truth-what do you think ? It p.trikea rna that thia miRht boa good moment," Ho spoke impassively, not removing his oyoafrom those of tho man standing before him. I" Good hoftvon, Horfit, havo some pity I I am engpfjcd to bo mnrricd. The girl is hero -on bti&rd-at; tliia instant-" " Ah I it, would bo even a better moment than I thought, then, would it not? Your Rains bavo rnndo jou rich, your identity baa been eucocKofully suuk out bl sight; you are about to win ft presumably gooi gill for your wife, Yep, I tliinlc tho moment would be well ohoaen for bringing yon to book, Aa to pity, did you show mo any? What urn 1 to bo moved to compassion for 1 BecauDO you let mo rot in a piieon five years? I ought to dof-pieo you too muoh to get, ven goauco out of you; but I don't. I hav9 waited for this hour frr fivo years; I lmva dreamed of it, planned for it. When I got out to tho light of day again I traoked you, found you, followed you on board this ship, It wasn't easy wovlc finding you cither. Tho highly recipeotableBoger Storrman of to-day haB obliterated every traco of bin identity with tho John Rr.gcrrwn of five ycara ago, who was ft forger, a thief and a felon-" »' Xluah-for God's Bftko, hush 1" " At last IIorBt went on, unpsiturbed, " fata has put yon under my band. Do you think I shall let you slip ?" Tho last word died abruptly upon hia Hps. A woman's Blight figure was moving slowly along the dock, tho laab glow of tho sunaot was behind her. Her oyon fUed on Storr man and a half smilo parted her lips. The man leaning back apainst tho roll of nor dago at hia feot oho did nos uotioo at all. Ho waa, to her casual glance, a shabby, eecond-cabin paseengc-r with whom Storr manhadbecu kindly enough to enter into ouraory talk. " I hava bcon waiting for you," sho said, with a deepening of tho udorablo amila ou hsr lipa, Sho (slipped ber bicw ttwougn Btonmau'a and tlioy movod awny togettior, And tho runn left behind wntohed iho two *e treating forma raotionleealy, breathleflflly. Thia was the whom tftorrmnn w&a; about to marry 1 Tht; Issfc flame of red had faded out of the aky aud tho alara wero coining faintly out. The atill heat had grown moro still and a dense bank of cloud waa forming plowly against tho horizon The saptain paaaed, hia onp low over his oyea, a brooding frown in the latter. A sailor watched the horiaon. And atill Horat did not move. IIo had gona baok live, ton yeara, in hia life There had been wild momenta of early youth that had brought regret, avid ihon a hitler reaping of auch wild nata in further and perilous recklessness, How had Storv* man and ho firot fallen in together? It had been ahortly after hia own oominft to Auh tralia, Storrraan, aprung from nothing, vioiouu to tho core, with naught hut hia ani mal good looks and hia unbounded audacity to servo him, had nrouued tho younger man, and, while llorst was half contemptuous of him, periiapa had influenced him as well. The one was utterly unscrupulous j tho other, with all hia reokleEfiiiecs, a man of honor. And Storrmcn, conscious of tho dif ference, of tbo indiatinoti, tho irritating superiority, had hated hia boon companion, Herat had known it and had not oared. "He would aervo kio any coiwvy trick," he aaid to himeelf coolly. And a time came when hia foresight wna vindicated. By a Brrange combination of ciicumatBRceB, Btorrman, who had forged, found himself ono day in a position to cover hitnsolf by faleely aeouaing and involving Horef, IIo did both. He vanished, leaving no trace behind him. Horat, the law at hia heelo, made a desperate flight by night. To a pale, frail young girl, while in tho light of a aummer moonbeam, ho had owed a temporary oncape. But be fore many daya he had been tracked, cap. tured and imprisoned-evidence not being complolo agaiuat him-for five yeara only. Now the fivo yeara were over. And in one day ha had aeen tho man and tho woman with whom hia every thought in those fivo yeara had been aeaooiated-tho man whom ho haled and on whom bo had aworn to jwengo himself, and tho woman whom ho loved, for by one of the ntranga mysteries of j human pasaion, Horat, reoklcas, oareleaa, j cynical, had come to lovu thin girl, acen but onoe, radiant aa an angel of mercy and of whoac namot even he wea ignorant. And alio it was whom hia enemy waa to marry I A eudden gust o£ wicd tors his oap from his eyes. There was a rushing sound in his ears. He staggered to his feet, Thoaeah&d; turned over all ltd expanse a dense, oily green, deepening in tlio trough of the waves to a gray blaoknesa, What awful ohango had oomo over that smiling nature - that infinite blue that had subsisted for 00 many days ? Tho forea of tho hurrioane, of the iieroo, tropio Btorm, burst over tho ship a few aeoonds later. It had grown swiftly, donaely dark, Tho orders of the captain rang faintly through tho roar and hiss of wind and wave. Then, after a time-waa it minutes or hours -thoro came another change. Tho fu.vy of the storm had spent itsolf. But the vessel had sprung aleak and was sinking. A wild rush for the boats, cries of women, oaths of mon. And then-who shall say by what supreme instinct - Horst found him self struggling through tho frantio press of dying aoula near to tho side of Boealys and hia arm about her. A flaBh of lightning il lumined her still, white faoe, strangely com poeed and quiet, and Storrman'a distorted with terror, elbowing women out of his way like a beast, looking only for the boats for hia own safety, forgetful of all else. Already Horet had lifted Rosalys in hid artna. " Stand haolc," he ct'ied fiorooly. And tho Jaat boat wfta launohod, and Buealys had ft piano of safety iu it. There was another forward lurch, aud then it vmh seen that the women had all been transferred to tho boats, And now there \vrh room for only one more-a man. Thciy Btood side by fiido-Horn and Storr maun. Which ahoulcl it be ? It was tho work of a second Should he take hia rovengo now? Ifc lay in hia grasp, With ono bound ho ootfld lsuvu (3tofrm»n behind him to faoe death Who «hftU tell tho temptations of that iuiiuitcaimal fraotion of time ? Then something that had survived through tho wreok of much that had been nobleBt in tho man asaertcd iteelf, He eteppedback. Btorrmau was saved. At the gate of a small oottago in a quiet town, a girl, dressed simply in biauk, waited toward the olose of the day, It was Rosalys, aud uhe was ohangod, Something of th& luminous young softness had gone out of her eyes; in them wafl a graver depth. Hho was a little older, a little more serious, One dread experience may odd years to the life, Rosalys waited for a step to approach through tlio dunk, and finally it CRmo. It \va3 that of a mart, and Itoetvlys flushed and grew pale; then ft oUilnesB ftll over hor. JT& was standing bt-fovo her now; ho had oomo for hie anawcr; hut ho did not ask for it, ho did not plead, Ilis oyes were downoast. He wan like a culprit beforo a judge, \- Suddenly she extended her hand, He raised his oyea and saw hers, through the gloaming, dffluae^with tender tear's of lovo, . "It yow havQ onJy pity for me," ho be< gnn, ; ' ?? .*«£ "Pity I No! Or pity arid somethfngelaa ~yes, When you abdicated your own chance of life for a man %ho had done you such harm; when you oorquered your desire for revengo and yourself, you did that which more than atoned for the follies and eina of a reokleas youth, And now you havotold mo that you lovo mo, You know that I mourned that man>~Roger Storrman, But 1 knew nothing of bis past# Now I do know-" 8ho paused anil Uorst loolfcd at ber. For it wan HoiBt. How Stomnnn bad been lost that night of fho wr«ol( a year brforo and Horat saved was one of the myfltoriee of that awful hour, Horet only remcmbrred that when ho bad stopped bank to (jivo SSorrman his ohaDCo of life, there bad pnddenly been a rush of watora in hlo ears, followed by a Rurfilnfl blaohnoaa around' biro. Madly ho bad thrown n clutch out at fiomothinp, and then bo found himself clinging to tho eida of the boat, Everything between that moment find tho hour wlion tho boata wcrotaken up by a sail* ing vessel tho noxfe day was a blank, out of whioh there started diatlnotJy one' remem. brance only-tha eiRht o£ Itoaalys'a white face, still quiet:, dill composed. Ho had come back to civilisation to And himself fcljo heiv to a email fortuuo left him by a distant relative, to whom hia wild earccr in Aus tralia had been unknown. And he had oomo bnok to more-to a desiro for a rospeatable life, emphasised ft thousandfold by the lovo which had now grown into a holy paa sion. At thia instant a great and wondroua hopo of lovo returned arose in hia heart, Trem bling ho put it from him. "But think what my life has been? Think--" " I think only that I love you," waa the simple anfiwer. Then ahe smiled sadly, divinely. " No more wild oata I" auo said, 