OUR SAN FRANCISCO LETTER. SAN FRANCISCO, MARCH 7. The session of the fifty-first Congress of the United States expired by operation of law three ' days ago. Wednesday, March 4. The (greater portion of the session had been frittered away in a I futile effort to Lass the Federal Election Law in ! "? spite of the determined opposition of the minority of the Senate. When that ghost was finally laid only a few days were left in which to accomplish the really necessary regulations, in using the passage of the Appropriation Bill for the ensuing fiscal year. In fact it was feared at one time that so much necessary work would be left undone that it might be necessary for the President to call an extra session of the Fifty-second Congress before the time appointed by law for it to assemble i in the ordinary course, the first Monday in December of the present year. By devoting them 'selves strictly to business, however, and by judicious concessions in the few cases in which vari- ances arose between the two Houses, the various Appropriation Bills and a few other important ; measures became law, and the necessity for an extra session was obviated, although many measures ? of considerable importance died from lack of time for their consideration in ODO or both Houses. At the date of the sailing of the last steamer the Silver Coinage Bill, which had been 1 passed by the Senate, was still under discussion in the House Committee on coinage and a weights and measures. That committee made an adverse report on February 21. In its report the committee says, "That under the present law requiring the Treasury Department to purchase '-,500,000oz. of silver monthly 54,000,000 dogs, is being added annually to the volume of currency of the country in the form of Treasury notes for him a lion purchased; that this largely exceeds the con- traction in the way of the retirement of national bank notes, and in 10 years would gradually add to the volume of currency, even if all the national bank n les should be retired about 860,000,000 took and that therefore under the present law there is provision for using the whole of the world's du plus production of silver, which is all that unlimited coinage could accomplish. The committee declared that the present law at the time of its passage was accepted as satisfactory by the most ardent supporters of free coinage ; the present day when passed promised to all intents and purposes the use of the American product, and authorised the issue of money as good for all purposes as coined silver ; the conditions are substantially the same now as then. The committee does not see wherein it has failed in that promise, nor wherein it is likely in the future to accomplish that desirable end" This report was the deathblow of 'the free coinage scheme, to far as the session of Congress just closed was concerned'!. To sum up the facts of the 51st Congress, 14,083 bills were introduced in the House and 5129 in the Senate. Of this aggregate of over 19,000 bills 2186 became law, but of these the measures of general interest outside of the general appropriation bills could be counted on the fingers of one hand. Among measures of public importance which passed one House but failed of passage in the other wore the Torrey Bankruptcy Law, intended to provide a uniform bankruptcy law for all the State; the Free Coinage Bill, which I paid the Senate but was done ed in the Hoare and the Federal elections Bill, which passed the House but was defeated in the Senate. A strenuous effort was made in the Senate to secure aid for the construction of an electric cable between San Francisco and Hawaii, and for that purpose the Senate tacked on an amendment to the Diplomatic an I Consular Appropriation OUT to aid the construction to the extent of 3,000 600dol. The House however, refused to accept the amendment, and the Senate was forced to recede. Among important measures which became law during the closing days of the Easnnn wea the International Copyright Bill. This bill extends to foreign authors the benefits of United States copyright on their books, but the principle of Protection to invoked to the extent that the law requires that the books must be wholly printed from type or stereotype plates produced in the United States by American labour. Another important measure which was passed after the appointment of a conference committee from both Houses was the Postal Subsidy Bill, as a substitute for the Shipping Subsidy Bill, which was passed by the Senate, and an outline of which was given in a previous letter. The House refused to pass the Senate Bill, and after a conference the Postal Subsidy Bill p<B=od'/ by the House was accepted by the Senate Under its provisions the Postmaster-General is authorised to contract after due advertisement with the lowest responsible bidders for terms not less than 5 nor more than 10 years, with American citizens, for carrying mails on American steamships between ports of the United States and foreign ports (exclud- ing Canada The mail service is to be distributed equitably among the Atlantic, Mexican Gulf, and Pacific coast ports. The vessels are to be America > built, and owned and officered by American citizens. The crows are to be composed of America! citizens in the folllowing proportions During the first two years of the contract one fourth, during the next three years one-third, and during the remainder of the contract term at least one-half. The vessels are to be constructed after the latest and most approved types, divided into four classes, as follows First-class, iron or steel 20-knot vessels of not less than 8000 tons (American English mails are to be carried by this class entirely), second-class, iron or steel 16 knot vessels of not less than 5500 tons ; third class, iron or steel 14-knotvoasol-> not less than 2300 tons. The vessels or the first, second and third class are to be constructed with particular reference to their prompt and economical conversion into auxiliary naval cruisers, en plans approved by the secretary of the Navy, and strong enough to carry 6in. rifles, and of highest known maritime rating. The compensation to be paid for mail 1 service is as follows :-Fir<t class 4d. per mile, second class 2dol. per mile by shortest practicable route for each outward voyage ; third class Idol , per mile; fourth class two-thirds of a dollar per mile for the number of miles required by the Post Office Department to be travelled on each outward voyage Provisions are made for deductions on account of omitted voyages or delays, for the transportation of a mail messenger on each vessel, for carrying apprentices or cadets of American birth (one for each thousand tons), for the use of the vessels by the United States as transports or cruisers upon payment to owners of the actual value at the time of taking, and for the assignment of duty overseers, under furlough pay of naval officers who may volunteer for service. Under this law the mail steamers of the Spreckles line, now plying between this port and Sydney, will rate as third class, and if a contract be awarded to their steamers they will be entitled to Idol, a ' mile postal subsidy for the outward voyage, or about 7000 do for each trip. It is possible, however, that under the incentive offered by this law -in the Messrs. Spreckels may be induced to build \- vessels of a higher class, so as to be in a position to avail themselves of the higher subsidy of B red. In I any event the future of the mail service between ; this port and Sydney seems now to be assured. Another important measure passed was the bill for the relief of the Supreme Court of the United I States. The bill provides for the appointment of an additional Circuit Judge for each of the nine circuits, relieves the Supreme Court Judges entirely from circuit duty ; establishes circuit Courts of Appeal for the hearing of a large number of the cases which heretofore went to the Supreme Court and materially reduces the number of cases which nowgotolhe Supreme Court by increasing the amount necessary to give appellate jurisdiction to that Court. This measure of relief was necessary, as the business of the country has so increased, and with it the accompanying litigation that the Supreme Court had got so far behind in its work that it took years for an appeal to be reached in the ordinary course, the delay in many cases amounting to a denis! of justice. An approximate statement of the appropriations made at both sessions of the Fifty-first Congress, prepared by the Clerk of the Senate Committee OF appropriations, gives a grand total of 089.70O,O00doL against 817.963,850doL appropriated by the preceding Congress. The general elections held in the Dominion of Canada two days ago (on March 5) have been watched with great interest in the United States. A resolution of the Congress of the United States had empowered the President to enter into full com federal reciprocity with Canada, thus establishing absolute Freetrade between the United States and the Dominion whenever the Dominion should adopt the United States tariff in its entirety as against all other countries, and signify its desire for reciprocity with us on that basis. This pro petal found no favour with the Conservatives, the party now in power in Canada, but was warmly advocated by the Liberal opposition. It was eWned, hovers, that there was a glowing feeling in favour of commercial union with this country, and the agitation became 60 strong that finally a few weeks ago Sir John A. Macdonald, the Conservative Premier, decided to dissolve the Canadian Parliament, and issue writs for a new election. The campaign was brief, but exciting. In the Parliament just dissolve! the Conservative. s had a majority of about 50, but there were indications that this majority might be seriously cut down or even wiped out entirely. It is possible that this might have happened but for the act that Sir John A. Macdonald himself took the stump and made a very forcible appeal to Canadian loyalty to the Home G vyernmont, He contended and argued, wherever he could make his voice heard, that re- ciprocity as here outlined was merely a disguise, under which was bidden a scheme for the ultimate annexation of the Dom mon to the United States, In Lower Canada, the Province of Quebec the religious feelings of the French shorts were large y worked upon. By the Act of Settlement important privileges were reserved to the Catholic Church in that province, including the conforma- tion of great land grants held for the benefit of that Church, which place it on a footing almost equivalent to a State Church of the province. The Catholic clergy were made to believe that reciprocity meant eventual annexation, and that annexation meant the revocation of their privileges and the practical confiscation of church property. Moved by those considerations, pastoral letters were issued by the clergy to their congregations in all the parishes of Lower Canada, calling on the parishioners to unite and vote against the Liberal candidates. The contest was fierce and bitter, but the Conservatives have carried the day, although their majority in Parliament has been greatly reduced, and they have lost three members of the Cabinet All the returns are not yet in, but it is estimated that the Conservative majority will be from 25 to 30, although it may fall slightly below these figures when all the legislative districts are heard from. Charles Foster, ex-Governor of the State of Ohio, has been appointed by the President of the United States to fill the position of Secretary of the Treasury, made vacant by the sudden death in New York last month of the Hon. Wm Windom. Mr. Foster was born in Ohio in 1858. He served t ire terms in Congress, from 1871 to 1877, and was subsequently twice elected Governor of Ohio, holding that office from January, 1880, to January, 1884\. He is thoroughly in accord with the policy of his predecessor on all financial questions. George Hearst, one of the two United States senators from California, died at Washington on February 28. The immediate cause of death was cane tr in the stem rich. He was in his 71st year. Senator Hours! was one of our early California pioneers. no came to this State across the plains fro in Missouri in 1856. He devoted his entire attention to mining, and for many years before his death he was regarded as the best export of mining property in the country, although he experienced many vicissitudes before he laid the foundation for the fortune of about 10,000,000, his estimated wealth at the time of his done so. His in st fortunate strata of was made in 1872 when, on his judgment as an export, J. B. Haggin, a San Francisco capitalist, advanced 28.000 as the purchase price of the Ontario mine in Utah, Mr If e-irst receiving a one-third interest for his services in the purchase. That mine yielded 8,000 600doL no dividends in eight y on ra. Subsequently other mining property was acquired, including mines in Arizona, Mexico, South Carolina, Dako a, and the Anaconda group of copper mines in Montana, claimed to be the most productive copper mines in the world. Senator Heart left a widow and one son, William R- Hearst, proprietor of the San Francisco Examiner, a newspaper of inducted on rather you national lines, but enjoying one of the largest calculations on the Pa/illocoosc. Senator Hearst was a Democrat but as the Legislature of the State of Calif o nia now in session has a large Republican, majority, his successor will be a Republican There is to be another Arctic expedition. It will be led by an officer of the navy, Lieutenant R. E. Peary, civil engineer, though it will not be under the patronage of the Government Lieutenant Peary has obtained leave of absence from the Navy Department for one year and a-half. he loves that he can reach a point farther north than that attained by Leek 2 out, of the Grove by expoiUiuu. The expense of the journey will be defrayed by various geographical and scientific society e- Lieutenant Peary proposes to go through Greenland. The party will leave in May, going to Whale Sound, on the western of east of Greenland, and for this purpose a whaler will be used!. From Whale Sound the party will strike out in a north-westerly direction across Greenland, utilising sledges in travel and transport station. In that way the explorer expects to reach the extreme northern limit of the Greenland coast, avoiding the dangers of the Arctic seas with floating Reynolds and bergs. If he finds the sea frozen, he will continue his sale Ige journey toward the Pole. He expects to return to Whale Sound by the end of 1892, in time to meet a whaler, on which the party can return to the United States. from east Peary says he will travel on foot, walking at night and sleeping in the day. He prefers going on his own account in a lead of under Government patronage, because under Government direction Congress generally requires too many restrictions. One of the things which Lieutenant Peary hopes to discover in what her Greenland is an island or a vast con- in -st. The directory of the Chicago World's Fair has decided to abandon the Lake front as part of the site for the Exposition, and to concentrate the fair at Jackson Park. Some trouble has been occasion 'ed by local opposition of labour agitators to the employment of non-un n and unnaturalised foreign labourers in the preliminary work of grading the sites for the various buildings. Chicago has a large number of unskilled Italian labourers, and against these the opposition was mainly directed. At one time a mob of sert al thousand gathered, and hooted and finally stoned the Ita fans away from their work, and it became necessary to call out a strong force of police to quell a threatened riot, The Exposition is designed to honour the memory of the great Italian voyager who discovered this country, but the labour leaders of Ch case, principally Germans and Irish do not recognise the right of his country- men to earn their living in the country which he discovered, and it is doubtful whether, if Christo Dher Columbus himself could be restored to life to-day, he would be allowed to handle a pick and shovel on the work intended to do him honour. The report of the World's Fair committee on ceremonies has been completed. It provides for a great military display and parade, under the direction of the Major-General of the Army, on Tuesday, October 11, 1802; the regular dedicatory exercises on Wednesday, October 12 a grand ball, Thursday, October 13; and the whole to conclude with a general civic and military display Saturday, October 15. Four Hungarian coal miners at Jeausville, Pennsylvania have had a miraculous escape from death. On February 3 one of the stopes was flooded by a sudden inrush of water from old workings. 17 men were known to be in the ill-fated stone, and up to February 28 search had resulted in the finding of only IU dead bodies. On that day, 18 days after the disaster, the attention of the eye cher's was attracted by a slight tapping on the walls, and working in the direction whence the sound proceeded they came upon the four missing men in a breast where they had been driven by the waters. For six days they had lived on the contents of their dinner-party, in which they carried enough for one ordinary meal. Then they lived on the oil from their lamp and bottle and after that was exhausted they drank the dark sulphurous waters. Since the departure of the last Australian mail California has been favoured with copious rain, which ensure a heavy yield of wheat The new grain is now several inches high, and from all sections of the wheat belt the prospects are reported as promising the largest yield in the history of grain-raising in this State. Shipments of the old crop at this time are active, The annual report of the director of the United States Mint on the production of the precious metals for the calendar year 1890 gives the gold pro- duct of the country as 1,588 8800, line, of the value of 82,8d5,550dol., an increase of 45 600dol, over the product of the preceding year. The silver product of the mines of the U.S. approximated 51 OOO.OOO. The coinage executed during the year was the largest in the history of the national Mint Service. It aggregated 124 025,385 pieces, of the value of 61,054,882doL, of which 20,467,182doL was in gold coin, and 38,043,004 in silver dollars, the remainder being in small silver subsidiary coinage. 