CATHOLIC NOTES. Thebe are two convert priests in London (says the Irish Catholic) who Beem to have taken a leal out of Monsignor Capel's book, and who are making themselves prominent in bringing outsiders into the Catholic fold. They are the Bev. Luke Rivington and the Rev. R. B. Godolphin Osborne. Both are splendid speakers. Fr. Rivington is the more learned and argumentative in style; Fr. Osborne the more vivacious, persuasive, and polished, as becomes a grandson ot a Dake of Leeds. On the Sundays of May Fr. Rivington was the morning preacher at the new churoh of St. James', Manchestersquare, and Fr. Osborne attraoted enormous crowds to the Oratory, "South Kensington, in the evenings. On the last day of May, the Sunday within the octave of Corpus Christi, there was, as usual, the High Mass for the intentions of those on Our Lady's Roll Call. In the evening there was a ceremony which is unique to Ilkeston, viz., a procession of the Blessed Sacrament through the public streets of the town. It certainly was a sight which might well remind one of the grand processions which take place in Catholic oountries at this time. It was difficult to conceive that one was in a Protestant country, so-ofderly and respectful was the immense crowd of people who had turned out to witness the sight. The Children of Mary presented a very picturesque aspect with their white dresses and veils, bearing banners of their dear Mother and the saints. The new canopy, recently presented in honour of Our Lady of Dale, by a lady in London, had a very imposing appearance. An event of this kind shows how much Fr. M'Oarthy has done for religion in breaking down the wall of bigotry which, when he came to liken ton, was so predominant. A whiter in a reoent number ot London Vanity Fair says—"Last 1 week we were privileged to gaze on the features of St. Pius V. His great bronze coffin is opened only on one day of the year, in the beautiful domed Chapel of St. Maria Maggiore. His flowing beard and likeness to his statue above are very striking, and it is indeed very curious to think, as one looks on him sur- rounded by flowers, lights, and the cheerful nineteenth century sun, that he lived in the reign of Elizabeth, whom he ex-communicated, and that he wrote letters to console Mary Queen of Soots in prison." The Pall Mall Gazette of'4th May aays:— " Visitors who dropped into the Oratory, South Kensington, yesterday evening, beheld the vast Basilioa thronged in every part, seats all fall, and the passages crowded with standing hearers. This enornious congregation, was listening in hushed silence to a tall, spare man in the pulpit, with dark, flashing eyes, vivacious gesture, a musicsd, resonant voice, and a wonderful command of fluentand forcibleEnglish. The preacher was the Rev. R. B. Godolphin Osborne, a Bon of the late Rev. Lord Sydney Godolphin Osborne (' S.G.O.' of the Times). He is to be the Sunday evening preacher at the Oratory throughout this month. It is a curious instance of the irony of fate that, whilst 'S.G.O.'was a churchman of an emphatically Protestant type, his sob should become one ot' Rome's reoraits,' and the oratorical Champion of what Archbishop Benson. ra cehtly called' 1 the new Italian 'Mission in EhgtaAd;' Taking a guiet, unobtrusive "part in last night's function was a venerable, white-headed figure—one. of' the few survivors. :bf that mysterious monaiBtio community ^established byCardinal'Newman at Littlemore, hear OxfordTln 1843—the Bev. Richard M. Stanton. It would be interesting to kno^v how many who took part in that singular Anglican experiment a!re_ktfll in the land'of the living. Our impresHioh 1b that living. Fr. j Stttntbn, Fr.Lockhart(St. Ethelruda'8, Ely Place, Holbora), and Mr. J. A. Froude are the ^ole -eurviVors." Fr. Bovrtes, of Harrow,, will, of'-course, immediately borne to mind; and Ft. ! ChriBtie 1 S,J., had dfed oriybn the .previous day; The North Germans (eays thfl Vniverte)hare n'oft'^et decided that Bedemptorisfc are not Jesuits, nor, for that matter, that Jesuits are not wild beasts; and hesitate towscede to the pestion jfrom Bavaria rebaeifting that the BedemptorntB should be allowed to Te-ent& that country where they are beloved. Stdecker ahd hiB Pomeranian comrogtieB ire persuaded that Lazarists and Fathers 'of the Holy Ghost and th& 8acred Heart are all Jesuits, although Ddlttnger said no. How is it Capuchins and Benedictines an not? Sib Axdbew Stuibt, ex-Chief Justice 6f the Quebec Superior Court. 'died at Quebec suddenly on the 16th Jane.aged 7v. Ho recently embraced the Oatholio betn t member of QUEEN MABOHEMTA (Margherita the Good, as she is justly styled), consort of King Humbert ot Italy, has been lately sojourning in Naples. On the Feast of Corpus Christi, while oat driving, 3he met a prooession bearing the Blessed Sacrament. The Queen at once alighted, following with the crowd. It is Seedless to say that when the devotions had terminated her Majesty reoeived a right royal ovation. THE German Emperor was among the first to express his approval of the Encyclical De ConditUme Opificum, an early oopy of whioh in the Latin text with the German translation was forwarded to him by the Pope. The youthful Sovereign expressly thanbed the Holy Father in enthusiastic terms. It is not the usage of the Holy See o publish diplomatic documents or letters from Sovereigns; but it. is not improbable hat this communication, or one oonveying he Emperor's ideas on the subject, will see he light in the Reclteanzeiger. 