Crumbs Chilly. Ibsene. Cloudy. Theatre. Parliament. Albert Hall. Both Houses. Oruba arriv. 1. Dead-levelism.' •MimifjJ ghost illusion. Cheaper wires wanted. Fasting- Man still alive. Let her gable—to-night. What iB green turquoise ? Slavin turned bookmaker. Barometer at noon to-day, 30"03. Wheat is a shilling dearer a bushel. English Postmaster-General is dead. Hands off the Railway Commissioners. Last night of " The Mikado" at the Port. Ransoms will deplete the Turkish Treasury. Gabler is suggestive as a name for a woman. Van Diemen'e Bank grows worse and worse. Eight years with a strange man. Oh ! dear. German mail steamer is coming up the Gr'f. Some more good cigars for the Custom-Bouse rale. Tommy Hudson at the Port on Thursday and Friday. Sir A. Blyth has another three months' holiday. Are the aboriginals as black as they are painted i Adelaide Co-operative Society has had a good half-year. Brokers invaded the Government Offices yesterday. Johnnie Hines is to have a hand in the return ball. Mr. Cohen deserves a good ball and a fine presentation. Victoria wants to train the military officers for Australia. Mayor and Mayoress and party in " A Doll's House" last nigbt. Right Hon. C. A. Raikes Lost his lifeby a stroke of lightning. Melbourne is at it again. Wants to be the Military Sandhurst. ' Bank of South Australia's shares have risen 30s. each in London. Sweating is the fruit of t'.io passion to get something for nothing. Mr. C. E; Owen Smyth has put hia foot down on the School of Mines. Stamp duties in regard to ?!iare.dealing s-a obnoxious and vexatious. Secular education in America offends no one but the Roman Catholics. A return ball and a pr .citation to the Mayor and tbe'Mayoress. Ibsenity not likely to iv.-j >me epidemic in Adelaide—thank goodness. Wybert Reeve, author, tor. wit, conversationalist, and gentleman. Reported City Fathers i.aad procession next week in Druids' regain. Bank of South Ausf-Min's circular has created a favourable impr»-b-i"U. Colston might have been famous if he had not become too notorious t. > !i i-e. Triumph of commercial xirin-riples in railway management iB complete in "The whole system of . for tenders is to some extent a system ui sv. i ar,:ng." Adelaide champagne is ..^^r^-iat'd in Melbourne in these days of rtu. ; ^u.uent. Sergeant Kingston put a A iuess through his facings on the definition? vf .. strike. If we commence squeuz;-:_; U.<>, atmosphere • it wjll be much like squeezfnj; Li; lemon. Rev. R. Mackay will d>v.-r:2a "Darkest London", at College Park Cun:i.h to-night. Australian Coast Pilot i n^y is disgusted with the Marine Board for ;>rjuting him. Chief Commissioner has worked miracles with the New Sou.fi W iles railway. Well soon want prcrtrctu :i i .- rain clouds if they are to be burst in their .< r.v&rd; p. jgres" Brisbane is going the whc.-i<: of arenegade is entertainments over the A KiitarySqu&droD.; Truly we are a hard-w it-.-i community. Never mind, there's anotl.^i- holiday next week. Receipts from telegraph r.V; ..-irtznent hide a multitude of shortoomui^ in the pastil branch. In these days of woman's riD'bt3 the pa of female scarcasm ought to put down the Ib'sna she-libeller. How many married ladi. -; --vi'l now disoover that they , have been joined ,n w edlock with a . strange man 1 Torrens silt pump to clc«ar strratafor the eight hours' procession, v, do a colonial shower of rain. Colston of Melbourne, a;-. ! 'Jnnlie of Hobart, were murderers above the avtr^je in physchological interest. It would be absurd to It; :> <"':jianB get the thin end of their wedge into t^o itailway Commissioners' offices. South Australia has a right to refuse human refuse, or to be made u wjiid's destitute asylum or hospital. France has given English c. r i..iUicians notice to quit. Has Wolsely been ordered to get the army in readiness ? Trade sweating will only h? extinguished by the observance in spirit of t:io commandment "Thou shalt not steal." Rev. C. L. Marson wi'l ora'e at the Democratic Club to-morrow nieht "i " History and Aim of English Socialism." Buildings of the 1838 order ot architf Hare gradually dieappeaiing from view. Bu''t as anything handy came a'oug. "From pillar to jjst" mu°t have had its origin in noticing how some tilaft fiom one to the other in crar thoroughfare s. The condition of two of tiio chief wits of England who are seriously ill—Judge Hawkins and Preacher Spurgeon—is worse. The free spectator in King William-streeti wants to know when that magic lantern man is going to get some new blojmiu' pictera. Johnston, it was said, shuuid have been spared because he exhibited every form of insanity, and Colston because he showed none. More stringent rules, or metre -stvi-jenb application of them, ss to reckless diiv'ig atintersectionsotour streets urgently nepessaiy. The evil is not in the sub-letting, bat in the dependent position in which the astaal workers are placed—a position that will be intensified by the artificial restraints which the Labour Societies wish to iinpjse." It was generally remarked at the Liternational Conference in London that Dr. Bevan has aged considerably since he went to Melbourne. Still, as one person remarked, he iB by far the handsomest of the Austrian delegates. The Argta objects that Premier Munro proposes by the one-man and one-woman onevote principle to cure electoral abases:— "First, by taking the representation of the city from its business men and placing it in the hands of their caretakers; and, seoondly, by giving to the eots and sharpers foi* voting companions the abandoned hussies of the pavement." The surprise of the Congregational International Conference was the opening sermon. The Americans were requested to select the preacher. First, they selected Dr. Storrs, who - declined; then Dr. Dexter, who died; then Dr. Goodwin, of Chicago, who preached— about two hours. Dr. Goodwin was hardly known in England, Ho is presumably known in America. His drift was clear. The. burden of his discourse was a defence of all the religious doctrines which were so fashionable fifty years ago—verbal infallibility, creeds, Calvinism. FAX.—Are you a land nationalizationist? If sO, or if not, allow me to quote for your spsecial enlightenment what De Lohine has to say about. it in his " Constitution of England." Listen. Under the Norman feudal system, many traces of which existed in Anglo-Saxon times, all lands were held under the King by military tenure. The holders of the land were barons and knights. They were bound to serve the King in his wars. The lands — divided into small lordships, which thus kept the barons from becoming too powerful, as on the continent, were again let by the barons to their tenants on similar terms ; thus a mutual subordination of ranks arose, which bound the various parties together by the ties of a common interest, and the King renounced all right to tax without consulting the greater, or legislate without consulting the lesser barons. Hence a spirit displayed itself which was highly beneficial, as introducing a- courtesy of demeanour and softness of manners which considerably alleviated the harsher features of the feudal system." So you see our forefathers a thousand years ago were not after all quite such rude barbarians as many suppose. 