THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — As the time is drawing nigh for the representatives of the various Australian Colonies or provinces to express themselves in convention assembled on the possible or probable union of these southern States, many of your readers are no doubt wondering what the outcome of such deliberations will be. Are we to go on in the same sing-song style ; grind the same old organ to the same old tune as for the last thirty or forty years ; or are we to have a brand new Constitution, worthy alike of the period and the people? It is some thirty- five years now since our liberal and progressive leaders secured for most of these southern States a large measure of Belf -government ; but does any one suppose for a moment that in eecuring this further instalment of our right3 and privileges all that was desirable or necessary was achieved? It would appear so from the statements and actions of bur prin cipal leaders from that time to the present The full force and measure of self-government lies across but a very narrow channel yet to be forded ; but like timid creatures bound for another shore aptly described by the poet— 'We timorons mortals start and shrink to view this narrow sen, And linger shivering on the brink, asd fear to launch away. It is even so. We have full and complete political freedom witliin our hand's reach, and we fear to take hold of it. Satisfied with being ''subjects' rather than ?'citizens,' wo grind away at the old State mill ignorant of the fact that the finest of the grain goes to fatten the already fat, while the grea't majority have to be content with the husks. What are the ideas floating about with regard to federation? Why, 1. 'A federal capital'— there is centralization to begin with. 2. 'A Governor-General.' Here's a billet for some needy earl, duke, marquis, or other pet of royalty, and the ghost of autocratic govern ment, that has been the r-urse of Britain and other mighty nations for age3 jwst 3. 'Lieutenant-Governors' (whether elected or nominated). Here we have the same evil in lesser form. Such terms as Governor must ba for ever swept away if we are to be a free and self-governing people. 4. 'A bi-cameral or dual Legislature.' In this Tre have class legis ation pure and simple. Every man in the State should either be a citizen (not a subject), a criminal, or a pauper. If a citiaen he should )e entitled to all the rights, {-owers, and privi leges pertaining to citizenship, and the only distinction between citizens should be of a social and not of a political character. All oupernuous and meaningless titles mu3t be ewept away. We are promised a policy ecl ated from the Constitutions of the United States of America, Canada, and Switzerland by an old Parliamentarian, Mr. R. C. Baker, and I am curious to know what that gentle man will evolve from his readings. I too have been looking up this question, and may say at once that of the three Governments named that of Switzerland recommends itself to my mind as most suitable for a free, enlightened, and Eelf-gc-verning people. I do not think it wise, however, to bind ourselves to any existing form of Constitution. We should rather gather all that is good and service able from every available source, and rid our own system of government from all that experience has taught us is useless, cumbrous, and unnecessary. A grand oppor tunity now_ presents itself for some of our advanced thinkers and workers to distinguish themselves. An open field stands before us for the establishment of a nation that shall be both a credit to . ourselves and the illustrious stock from which wo have sprung. Are we equal to the occasion? Have we leaders wise, independent, and patriotic enough to mould these flourishing young States into a nation of free and intelligent men ? Whether we form a federation or not there is ample room for wholesome reform in our present Constitution. What we most stand in need of ia a complete simplification of our fonn of government. If our population was five times as numerous there is not the slightest necessity for the cumbrous, expensive, and elaborate system of government such as we now live under. But to return to the proposals already extant for a federated Australia. First, then, there is no necessity whatever for a federal city. Each State should possess its Legislative Chamber, and the Federal Council, if such there is to be, should meet in each State consecutively. All jealousy on that score would thereby be avoided. 2. We don't require Governors, either general or lieutenant If we retain (as I tnifit we shall) our alliance (not necessarily an Imperial federation) with our parent Government, all that will be necessary is -that our Imperial representative may reside among Ub in Imperial interests, and he should bo paid and maintained by the power that appoints him ; but on no account should he bo termed Governor among a self -governing ]-eople— the cognomen is altogether anomalous. :j. The head of the National or Federal Government should be the Premier or President of the National Executive, which should be elected by and from thcNational or Federal Council annually, as in Switzerland. The States Government should be of the same tj'jw as the National or Ifederal power, and consequently Licutenant Governors would also be entirely dispensed with. 4. A bi-cameral or uual Legislature. This is cumbrous, inequitable to the ]-eojj!e, expensive, ana altogether unnecessary. Each State should have its House of Representatives, or Legislative Council of you please, but onlj' one Chamber. The unity of the j-eojile should most assuredly be typefied by their form of government. If you have divided or class Legislatures you must have a divided people. Tell me what form of government a people have and I will immediately tell you whether they are a divided or a united people. Hitherto we have certainly, not been a united people. We have managed to scramble along with all sorts of shifts and contrivances, bickerings, strifes, and contentions, but so long as we are willing to retain an Upper and Lower House of Legislature we cannot possibly claim the national unit or be a united people. In this lies the objectionable features in lx-th theUnited States and Canadian Constitutions, although the States have this advantage, that both their branches of Legislature are elective, while the Upper House of Canada is nominative. But turning to the noble little Swiss Republic, we have at once the model of a free and independent people, and I suppose few nations under the - sun have' struggled against and overcome greater obstacles and difficulties than these courageous and enlightened jieople. With about the same population that United Australia would possess, though occupy ing but * fraction of its area, the Swiss people have set us an example in' many resj-ecte- worthy of our imitation. They, too, have certainly a dual Legislature, which I do not consider necessary ; but it should be borne in mind that, unlike those of the States and Canada and our own, these two bodies fre quently deliberate and vote as one Chamber thus avoiding the absurd differences thatBome* times arise between our Upper and Lower Houses and the clumsy mode adopted for the settlement of such differences. Then, aeain these two branches of Legislature inSwitzefland have no such objectionable feature in them as in« those uf Canada, Western Australia, and even in Isew South Wales, the parent colony today, viz., that their so-called Upper Housed are nominated by the Crown. The Swis people are also free from these horee-leeches b! society— Kings, Queens, Governors, or even Presidents in the governing sense. Their President is merely Chairman of their Exeen tive Council, and has no more authority or political power than any other member of th«« Cabinet The folly of giving to the head of :he Government such political power (a power be it remembered much greater than tha* exercised by the Queen of England to-day) ought to have taught the American people a wholesome lesson in constitutional reform from the fact that several of their most worthy and distinguished Presidents have lost tbeir'lives through the exercise of such power. Fearing to trespass too much on your valuable space 1 will close for the present trusting by your permission to return to the subject. : lam. Sir, 4c, . „ ™- ^ . G- H- HUSSEY. , Port Elliot, February. ? 