Aiunsements. ,f THE GOESICAN BEOTHEES.' The piece . which :was revived by Mr. George B-ignold at Her Majesty's on . Saturday evening had originally, assomeof us «an remember^ a very extraordinary popularity. In theniatterof long runs, indeed, at least a score of more modern-* dramas have far exceeded the best record of ' The Corsican Brothers.' Lonsr runs, or what would now be so described, were, in fact, unknown 'in ! its day. But if its celebrity be measured in | another way, it may be donbted whether | anything quite so remarkable has been j achieved ever since. Charles Sean, as is well j known, was the first English actor who played the i twin brothers. The facile hand of tihe late Dion ; Boudcault supplied the English version — taken from the French — of the drama in which they j figured. Boucicault was at that time a member' of Kean's company, at the Princess's. The ; supernatural incidents which gave the piece its chief attraction are said to have been suggested by an actual experience of the celebrated socialist;, and political writer, Louis Blanc, in regard of his twin-brother Charles. Some mysterious sympathy existed between them. According to the story, one brother, while walking in the streets of London, suddenly became aware that the other brother, then many hundred mile3 apart from him, had met with an accident. At all events, the real op ; suppssed case of the brothers Blanc would seem to have been in its main feature identical with that of the twins in the play. - The hit which Charles Eean made in 'The Corsican Brothers' is a familiar bit of .stage history. He can scarcely be 6aidtohave had any rivals in that famous doable part. There were, however, lots of contemporary actors trying their hands at it, with more or less ! success, on the - English speaking stage, j There was hardly a single wandering ' star ' who, as a jokist of the period put it, was not ambitious of being identified with the constellation of ' The Twins.' Australia had it® own. share of ' Corsican Brothers,' good, bad, and indifferent. To tell the truth, about the play, i what with merciless repetitions of it, its interest was worn to tatters, to very rags, long before it dropped out of the regular list of acting pieces. There was a temporary revival of its popularity when Fechter — the original French representative of the twin brothers — played it on the London boards. In the English as in the French version, Fechter was wonderfully picturesque. Nebody, indeed, whose privilege it was to see him in ' The Corsican Brothers ' is ever likely to forget him, cr to be' entirely satis fied with anybody else. Yet, in asserting as much, it is only proper to add that Feehcer cer tainly did not cause the London playgoers to torget Charles Kean. A very considerable proportion of them held, on the contrary, that the Frenchman was nowhere when compared with Kean in his best scenes. In a similar spirit of loyalty towards a favorite, Mr. Irving's ad mirers will no doubt be ready to swear that his ?? Corsican Brothers' leave the efforts of any of his predecessors far behind. Irving re vived the play some 10 or 12 years ago, and has announced it for reproduction again. Mr. George Signold, therefore, was not exactly singular in the idea that it was worth taking from the shelf. The reception of ' The Corsican Brothers ' by a full house at Her Majesty's was sufficiently en- . ccuraging. Occasionally the audience waxed almost enthusiastic. Mr. Eignold, of course, played the brothers. Taken on its merits ail round the performance was decidedly good. Mr. Bign«lcl was, perhaps, most successful in the third act, where Fafoieu dei Franchi appears as the avenger o£ his brother. The deadly deter mination of the Corsican was most impressively suggested. Manner and voice were 'in thorough keeping with the ominous and fateful nature oil the situation. The duel was fought with a semblance of reality wb.ich rendered that episode exciting in a very genuine sense, and which showed that it must have been rehearsed with exemplary patience. Both Mr. Signold and Mr. H. S. Jewett — the | Chateau Henaud — aTe to be congratulated j on the very sensational struggle which i :«?nde with the death of Fabien's antagonist, . j Mr. Jewetfs Chateau Eenaud would have j be«3n all the better if the sinister attributes of the character had, so to speak, been left to \ show themselves, and a little less of the grimace j and clenched-teeth style of business had been adopted. It was to be regretted, too, that Mr. ' Jevrett's #ron unciation of French names was j provocative of, scepticism as to his assumed ! nationality. 'However, he managed to | make' a good end on't. ' Miss Edith i Blande as Hortense de Lesparre — the lady whom j Louis dei Franchi saves from the snares of Chateau Eenaud, played with considerable feel- j ing. Miss Mabel Tracey was a creditable Madame | dei Franchi. Important parts were carefully filled by Messrs. Hazlitt, Greenaway, Har court, Hoyle, and Tolano. The ghost scenes, always so notable in ' The Corsi can Brothers,' were in this instance undoubtedly contrived in accordance with the most approved receipts for illusions of the solemn and super natural kind. In the mounting of the play no detail seemed wanting1. Garbick Theatee. — Mr. John F. Sheridan, who has been delighting Sydney audiences in his role of ' Bridget O'Brien, Esquire,' appeared in an entirely new programme on Saturday evening. 'Little Black-eyed Susan' was the piece pro duced, and the version of Bnrnand's suc cessful burlesque, although not strictly adhered to, found much favor with a well filled house. .Mr. Sheridan appeared as Cross Brush, a smuggler, and arrayed himself in such an extraordinary stage dress as to render it diffi cult to determine whether he or his several followers were skipper of Ids piratical lugger or not. The curtain disclosed the arrangement of a village ' throng, whose songs and dances serve to make merry an interval in the plot, which is spiced with local references, and as the thread of the storey proceeds the law less one, whose suit has been rejected, accepts a position as commander of the warship Blunderer. Sere we find the smuggler stall pressing his suit, the success of which is baffled by William, the favored one, and the ceremony which concludes the entertainment ends in mirth, music, and song. Miss Gracie Whiteford, as Black-eyed Susan, acquitted herself admirably, as did also Mr. Alfred James, in the character of Dame Hartley. The sensational drama of ' London -Day by Day ' was repeated to a full house on Saturday night at the Theatre Boyal. The comic villainy of the money-lender, Henry Askalon, as exhibited : by Mr. Bland Holt, kept the audience pretty broadly *' on the smile' whenever Mr. 'Askalon was on the boards. The succession of bustling scenes both grave and gay, the crowd of figures that takes part in them, the distressful complications in which the good people are &volved;, the tern-' porary triumph of the wicked, and the satisfactory way in which dramatic justice is finally done, all tend, as might be expected, to insure the success of Messrs. Sims and Pettatf s play. There was a crowd at the Scheol of Arts to see the Saturday evening's performance of the Tracey Co. That, however, was a fact which had nothing of novelty in it, crowded houses being a tolerably familiar experience or the company in question, and especially, on the last night of the week.. Mr. Tracey has got together a large number of most ? mpable performers. Their merits are of a varied kind. In graceful song and dance the sisters Andersan challenge admiration. The specialities of Connie and Dick Devereuxare highly enjoyable too. Then there are the humorous contributions of Harry Sullivan and Frank York, not to mention what is furnished in that .«w by the two dwarfs, finger and Thunfib. The Irish songs -of Tom Bosnian; the clever character sketches and pleasing singing of Martyn Hagan and Lacy Fraser, together with the efforts of several, other. members of the company, make up an excellent entertainment. - The -Cottier family, whose popular concerts had previously been associated with the Pro testant Hall— at laaBt generally so — ap peared last Saturday' sight in the Hay-; market -; Hftll* : ^George-streefc There -was j;» good attendance. The baritone, Mr, Fred, Spein- , cer, made his re-appearance in conjunction with the Cottiers, and several artists besides assisted', in the entertainment ; and minstrely and olio,. including dance, had very satisfactory represen-' tatives. The farce of 'Mistakes IdentityV:**»s unong thriteouia the bill. —v' ' .' -Missis. AiBxr*s Cohcebt.— The -Centennial Hall 1 -was comfortably filled on Saturday evening when j those JMented vocalists, the Misses_Albu, gave j by special request under the patronage' of the ; Bight Worshiofu! 'tne Mayor and Mayoress of i Sydney, one more of their popular ?concerts prior ] to their departure for Melbourne. It would be j superfluous to state that the greeting accorded ; them was of the heartiest description. Ca va sans1 di^e and encores were the' rule rather than the exception of the evening. The initial num ber/ of the' .programme was a piano and violin duet, ' Fantasie on William Tell,' by Miss C. Brabazon and Herr Pechotsch, . followed by the song ' I Fear No Foe/' by . Mr. T. H. Eainford. The appearance of Miss Julie Albu for the third number raised the enthusiasm of the audience, and her effective singing of ' She Wore a Wreath of Eoses' made an encore inevitable. In response J to an imperative recall she sang ' The Minstrel \ Bov/' and her success was almost complete when, through some vocal derangement, she failedto take ? the notes in the rising inflection of the finale. This was due, no doubt, to the fact, as Mr. Cohen, the manager, afterwards explained, that she had been indisposed for two or three days, and was not then f eeling well. It may not be out ef place to state here that the persistent manner in which encores were demanded displayed much selfish ness, snd a great want of consideration for the feelings of the singers on the part of the audience. Singing twice in succession in a large hall is often a great strain on the voice, and on no account should its practice bo tolerated. Miss'Eose Albu created quite & furore by her rendering of Mozart's ' Voi Che Sapete,' and after being twice recalled, appeased 'the audience by giving that favorite old song, ' Twickenham Ferry.' Miss Julie being indisposed, her number, 'Ora Pro Not»is,' was sung: by Miss Eose, and wita such skill- and pathos that her auditors forgot all sense of consideration, and an encore was so vociferously demanded timt on the third recall it had to be granted. Her sweetest number was par excellence ' The Last Rose of Summer,' but unfortunately this simple and pretty ballad ap peared to be outside the pale of ' the classical.' and an encore was not called for. But in eolos like ' Voi Che Sapete,' the lan guage ot which ? is foreign and the 'music to the great majority incomprehensible, e'est outre chose ! This, however, is the vogue nowadays. Miss Clarice Brabazon contributed several piano solos, one of them, ' Scherzo ' in D minor, being her own composition. Herr E. Pechotsch t»ok advantage of a eomewhat doubtful recall for his violin solo, ' Scene de Ballet,' and Mr. J. H. Eainford was heard to great advantage in Men delssohn's ' I am a Kover Bold.' Sir. Austin T. Craven was recalled for his rendition of ' Maid of Athens,' and was fairly successful in Balfe's 'Good Night, Good Night, Beloved.' Mr. Craven is the possessor of a peculiar voice, and though it was by no means disagreeable, it lacked clearness and distinctness. The trio, ' O, Memory,' by tbe Misses Albu and Mr. Craven was splendidly executed, and was an appropriate termination to their concert, the last in this city for some time to coxae. The fair songstresses retired amid the enthusiastic applause of an admiring audience. Miss Baylor acted as accompanist throughout the evening, and gave entire satisfaction. Bokdi. — This popular seaside resort was well patronised on Saturday afternoon, when in addi tion to the many other attractions provided by Mr. Alfred Wyburd, there was an exhibition of the wonderful -powers of the phonograph. Among the items repeated by this marvellous instrument were selections played by the Coldstream Guards Band, Lord Carrinjjton's farewell epeech, and Mr. Gladstone's message t» Lord Carrington. On Sunday afternoon the large concert hall was crowded with visitors, and a programme containing items of an instrumental, classical, and sacred, nature, was successfully carried out by Misses Florence Schuler and Amy Blackie, and Messrs. J. Cowan, E. C. Cowan, J. S. Porter, Harry Sinclair, and others. The efforts of the various artists were frequently applauded, which was a clear indication of the satisfaction of the large audience. Conceet. — A smoke concert, under the auspices of the Sydney Football Club, was held at Eain iord'sHotel, Oxford-street, on Saturday evening. A large number of the followers of the Australian game of football were present, and as the pro gramme provided was an excellent one, a very pleasant evening was spent. Messrs. P. S. Son derhoff and Chandler officiated at the piano ; the former gentleman also contributing two solos, which were rendered in a masterly style. Mr. Grieves was well received in a comic j song, 'Hi, Tiddly, Hi ' Ti,' and for an j encore sang ' I Was Dreaming.' Mr. Chandler ] followed with a song ' Shipwrecked,' after which Mr, Toung gave a recitation, 'Shamus O'Brien.' A song, 'Oh, oh, Hear the Wild Winds Blow,' by Mr. Sonderhoff, was followed by a comic song, ' Blow Me up an Apple Tree/' rendered by Mr. W. Watson ; and, in reply to cries of 'encore,' the same gentleman sang 'You are a Lucky Man.' Mr. Alexander's rendering of ' The Eoad to Ruin' was well ap preciated, and, being recalled, he sang with great pathos 'The Prisoned Warder's Story.' Mr. Tobin brought the first part of theprogramme to a close with a comic song, 'Just to Pay our Respects to M'Gniness,' and for an encore sang 'The Wrong Way.' After the- interval Mr. Weatherall gendered ' The Dream of Albert Hall ' in capital style; and was compelled to reappear as ' The Masher.' Mr. Grieves succeeded him with ' My Son,' and being again encored sang ' The Shore ditch Handicap.' 'Annie Booney,' by Mr. Chandler, and a recitation, ' Sal Grogan,' by Mr. Huxley, were both well received. ' Down Went M'Ginty/' by Mr. Tobin, and 'Joblins in the Churchyard,' by Mr. Sheritt, concluded the pro gramme. After the concert the chairman stated that the' Waratah Football Club intended holding a concert in Eainford's Hall on May 18. Coogee.— The Sunday attractions at the Coogee Aquarium, although not strictly sacred and clas sical, are of such a -character as to give much pleasure to the public who patronise this resort. Yesterday the entertainment was a very powerful one, the phonograph being a main contributor, | besides which Miss Lillie Swift, Miss Florrie , Mortyne, Miss Carey, Messrs. W. Stevens, F. j Spencer, and Dick Davis assisted with a couple of selections each. Mr. H. V. Ing-ham accompanied i each artist on the pianoforte with precision. Botakt. — A large number of the general pub lic availed themselves of the fine weather which prevailed yesterday, and journeyed to Mr. Frank Smiths popular bir Joseph Banks Gr«unds at Botany. A pleasant afternoon was spent by the visitors in wandering: among the beautiful plants and flowers with which the place abounds. A grand concert was given in the large pavilion by the members of the Alhambra Music Hall Variety Co. Tbe Aihameea. — The usual free sacred and classical concert given at the Alhambra Music Hall was largely attended last night, when an excellent programme was carried out. Mr. W. Ryan was well received for his song ' Plymouth Sound;' and ' Happy. Birds,' as rendered by Miss Dawson, was acceptable. Mr. Downes did jus tice to bis icontributions, ' Baby's Laughing in her'Sleep' and ' Snowflakes Come Again,' as also did Miss Melville in her selections from well known operas, ' The.Sabre ' and ' The Drink ing Song.' Miss Herbert was loudly applauded for her songs ' Spare the Old Mud Cabin ' and 'Only a Picture of her Boy;' and Mr. Wallace King sang ' Come into the Garden, Maud ' and ' The Fisfierboat,' in a pleasing manner. The ever-popular basso, Mr. Johnson, was heard^to advantage in ' The White Squall. Mr. Toussard and Miss Octavia were loudly applauded for their songs,; v 'liie BeUB ' and ' Serenade ' respec tively. Mr. Harry Hastings received an encore for his dramatic song, 'Everyday Life.' Miss Arline gave a couple of banjo solos in goo3 style, and the' orchestra, under /the direction of Mr. R. Lockhead, discoursed several choice selections during the evening in a creditable manner. . Glebe Children's Hospital. — Mr. J. M. Main, missionary, Waterloo, who was accompa nied by 'Alderman D. W. Williams and Mr. G. ' K. Noble, gave another lantern -entertainment to the sick children of the Glebe Children's Hospital on Friday^ There are between 40 and 50 little patieiebs in the institution at present,- their ages ranging from a few manths up to 12 years. . The little sSffierers were brought into tha dining-room wfeh|the greateBt^of care and tenderness by the nlirses, and as a number were encased in plaster of Paris, Jand_others with their -fimbs in isplints, ?they |rere;?aid full , length, on the /tables, which vfe jientiftilly ' covered '-. with mactixefseB ind - pillows, fixei in such a ^position that a goqdview ?oi the pictures . could -be obtained. ^ SomUfwere propped up on settees and chairs. Sixty lime-. ji- rht views were exhibited,, of a kind adapted for, children, many of them' causing immense interest ai-d amusement. When, any picture 'moreijnte- re6ting than usual came on the screen some.of the. children expressed their pleasure with shouts 'of laughter, while a quiet hum — m came from others. A full hour was spent in the' entertain ment, when the children were carefully carried back to their cots, there to think over and per haps dream about the wonderful sights they had) seen, and which, no doubt, will be the subject^ of conversation among them for some days to come. 