THE SCIENCE OF BATHING. THE weekly meeting of the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin, held at 8t. Patrick's College on the 17th inst., was in many respects a notable one. The Archbishop of Melbourne and about a dozen priests were present, and the body of the hall was occupied by a large, brilliant assemblage of ladies and gentlemen. The event of the evening was the reading of the following paper on " The Science of Bathing " by Dr. P. Moloney, of Collinsstreet :— The advent, tardy though it were, of summer weather naturally tamed all thoughts lately towards sea or river, and to us, riverless. Australians, mostly seawards. _ Not even in ill-named Biverina (hybrid Latin for that " Bweet word" Mesopotamia of Sydney Smith's old lady) can we dream Shakspearianly of— Shallow rivers by whose (alls Melodious birds sing madrigals. We think rather with the old Hellene— wrongly supposed to be unconscious of land, or sea- scape—of The unBumable dimplings of old Ocean's cheek ; with Tennyson in one of his briniest lines of— The long wash of Australasian seas ; with Kendall of Otway— Making a white wrath of long leagues of sea 3 with Gordon of— The moan On beach, and bar, and shoal. The sea existed ajons before the dry land, and its breath is sweeter and more healthful than the balmiest odours of the parterres. Our remotest claimable ancestor, say the Darwinians, waB the marine Bocial ascidian, and we still savour of the salt. To Nature centuries are but fractions, and millions of years but units in the vast calendar of geologic time. The habits of one of the meanest animals of the remote undateable Silurian epoch is the only way to explain the currents of our blood, argue the Darwinians; and, further, as the thermometer tells us, especially in the exaggerations of fever, our temperature rises and falls twice daily under the original impress we received from the oceanic tides, either when residents by the shore, or descendants from some remote marine ancestor. When the old salts sang— Our home is on the boundless deep, And merry men are we— they were not celebrating a passion merely insular and local, but unconsciously psalming the virtue of a secular, nay more, an eaonic instinct. The marine races before and since the Phoenicians were the men of commerce, of exploration, of conquest, of civilisation—and that little group of European islands, whose " March is o'er the mountain waves," is still the great coloniser and civiliser of our time. No seaboard, no nation, is an undeniable epigram, as we see in the strivings of all great modern peoples after a mercantile and naval marine, without which trade, conqueat, colonisation, even existence, beoomes impossible. The mariner alwayB found his fate, his goddess for good or ill, on the waters. It was for a deep reason the Greeks made the syrens women of the waves. Ulysses had to stuff his ears against their song, and Tennyson's " weary " mariners were yet able to be moved by the sweet faces, rounded arms, and bosoms prest to little harpB of gold that shrilled between them and the middle sea. Even the riverB had their goddesses from the earliest times, and Loreley nymphs, celebrated from Sophocles to Heine, have been always unescapable—all but adumbrations o r shadows of the times when our ancestors were aquatic. Lakes and streams were gifted with individuality, and the purling brook, as well as the mighty cataract, had its abiding god. The river sprite was a favourite protagonist with the early poets. In Drayton's "Polyolbion,"the rivers are treated as deities, a worship which to the streamless Australian is readily understandable—and in our century Scott, Shelley, and Wordsworth were eminently haunters of brooks and hymners of their beauties—and Tennyson, whose seascapes are numerous and perfect, has given UB in " The Brook " what only the music of that most beautiful one of Mendelssohn's " Lieder ohne worte " can interpret. To the rustic the immense power of moving water has always appealed strongly, and that eerie dialogue in the Scotch ballad, between the rivers Till and Tweed, expresses this sentiment in perfect dramatic completeness;— Said Till to Tweed, " What gars ye rin wi" speed ?" Said Tweed to Till. " What garB ye rin sae still ?" Said Till to Tweed, " Altho' ye rin wi' speed And I gae slaw. Where ye draun ae man I droun twa.*' To one like myself, permeated with these thoughts, any "news from the sea" is interesting, and I found it some time ago in an acoount of a successful swim across the English Channel under new and scientific conditions. It has more than the ordinary vulgar nterest of beating the record, because the hero endeavoured—and successfully too—to teach an excellent practical lesson. At the beginning of the English autumn of last year, at the timewhen we were in the throes of the strike, an American, i«jiniw»if " Professor" Dalton, accompanied by a pilot is a logger lifeboat, swain from Boulonge to Folkestone in twenty-three and a half hours, s distance—allowing to drift of about sixty miles. It was a very hard fight. He had to battle with two ebb and two flood tiara, the strength of whioh one most have sailed across the fl^irm" to vgpraoiate,: varied with thunder, lightning, 1 and nun, 1 with t atroag under-current, and ater sometimes as low in temperature 1 :• F. The distinguishing nature of hta foa nd this brings me to my text, wasthatS wam (or rested) all the way on hie bJ? Many thousands are drowned now"Tj said to an interviewer, " because they canM loat. I hope this will encourage manyS earn. That is my great object," and yet fa the face of this utterance the professor ehaviour, taken in connection with other statements, are somewhat contradictor? He speaks of taking " long rests lying onik water, spread-eagle fashion;" again, of the comfort " to fold one's arms behind one and to lie back upon them." He asserts, quite truly indeed, that " people are perieotly safe on their backs," but that "it takes a grut deal of balancing at first," and concludes h saying somewhat unexpectedly that children can be easily taught to float for any length of time, and thus, of course, to swim. Beading all this, I could not help feefe gratified that I had worked the whole matter out last summer. The fighting giant, who was renewed every time he kissed mother earth in his fall, was not more heartened than I during those terrible months of last year, from the fond embraces of Father Neptune. In plain faot, I spent much time set' bathing, being rarely, however, able to get further afield than the old ship at St. Hilda, varying a swim with one of those hot baths which have a potency of effect that no other treatment, hydropathic or otherwise, which I know of, possesses, I thought many things out in my hot tub, and can well believe the story of Archimedes issuing naked from his bath, and hii " Eureka " shout of discovery that rang along the stony streets of Syracuse. To men wanting to think things oat I can confidently recommend the hot sea-bath, and of that more anon. My thoughts got turned at the time towards flotation by the news of the wreok of the Quetta, in Torres Straits, and the w- markable escape of a young girl after S( hours' immersion. She was a Miss Lacey, of Queensland, and known to be that ran %vis among women, a good swimmer. She lay on her back all the while without food or drink, and was, as is plain from the evidence, most of the time in exhausted sleep. She had, of course, a happy set of conditions favourable to her preservation: (1) Still water ; (2) the warmth of a -tropical sea; (3) the great buoyancy of a medium extra saline (and therefore - of greater specific gravity) from evaporation under an equatorial sun. But all these happy environments would have availed nothing had she not by a lucky instinct, call it rather an unformulated login, adopted the one and only attitude for esoape —that is, flotation on the baak. HereJ it would be easy to become very learned and quote statistics, yea, even injo the fifth decimal, to show the specific gravity of different waters as compared with that of our body. Suffice it to say that bj a beneficent natural law the living human body cannot sink in even the freshest water, much less so in salt. There is buoyancy to spare in fresh water, but the margin is a very liberal one in salt. It is long since I had a swim in fresh water, but 1 know by letting the body assume an upright position in it, and throwing the head veil back, one can float easily for an indefinite time without even " treading water." Years ago the police used to have great trouble with the Wimmera blacks, who always made for the river, and floated with only their lips out of water, their locale being betrayed by an occasional accidental bubble, it which the troopers fired. In salt water, I have found, from repeated experiment, thiB. It is quite unnecessary to float as Professor Dalton appears to have often done in his rests, spread-eagle fashion—ue., with the arms moving and extended from the sides. In trying to lie on the back without using the arms you invariably roll to one side, and it was not till I folded my arms behind my back that I found it a stable position. You immerse, in fact, the whole of yonr arms, which aot like the centre-board of a yacht; their weight and position keep yon from rolling aside, and your flotation is so complete that a good deal of the body is oat of water. So safe, indeed, is the attitude that the hands are so interlocked as not to separate even in deep sleep—as, doubtless, was Miss Lacey's case—out of water, sleep, of course, would relax the touch of the hands in this position, and they would fall asunder; but in a buoyant medium, though the conscioas grasp would cease, they would not fall away, but be floated up, and so kept in constant contact. Professor Dalton appears to be possessea f this knowledge when he speaks of folding his arms behind and lying back on them. But why should he speak of its " taking a reat deal of balancing at first?" As a matter f fact, it is, to quote " Hamlet "—in a hysical, and not a moral sense—" as eatf as lying." Let children learn—and they would leam t almost at once—that you cannot suft hen lying on your back Let them next ropel themselves by kicking, and, wimming is an accomplished fact. , To endeavour to leam swimming in w rone position by ropes, or belts, or chin holdng m stupid. To hive confidence in the edium is ttn first objeot lesson. None at he young of the lower quadrupeds drown asily, because they keep moving by walking! o to say, in the water on all fours, havingoo, the advantage, from the set of their xtremities, ot being unable to get their fats imbs out of water—man's last fatal aotiw n drowning. No one would drown if be ot put his aeon-above water. It is the U« ct of helplownwa ol tarrandgr. Xlwn « BO more fight in him—he " bails op." In Jreek, " man" mesne " he with his head to be stars," but afloat fie must forget his nthroppmorphism, and do his level best. In shipwrecks it is well known that children in arms often survive when the parent Browns, owing to the baby instinctively moving like a young quadruped—a kitten, for pixample—or being floated, a mass of light fat protoplasm on to its back, and thus as buoyant as a cork, knowing no fear, and paving, if any sensation at all, doubtless a very blunted one of being " rocked in the bradle of the deep." The Fijians living , by Warm'tropical seas wash the new-born'child jby throwing it into the sea, knowing from pong experience that it will not sink, so that yben the child grows up it cannot remember phen it could not swim. These people are, [in consequence, the best swimmers in the orld. Mrs. Brassey, in the voyage of the Sunbeam, tells us of both women and men diving head first a distance of some hundred and twenty feet, and never going deep enough to disappear from sight, and we know that the South Sea islander, with a Iknife, makes short shrift of that torpedo of |the deep, the tropical shark. So amphibious indeed are those races [that live by tropical seas that the only (exercise they take is really in water, where (they move with an ease and rapidity that is [by no means paralleled by their evident [laziness on shore. Some years ago, at [Colombo, I saw some half-dozen of the lads [who dive for coins thrown from the F. and [ 0. ships waiting to be photographed for some [idle traveller, and on examining their feet I [noticed that their toeB were webbed, in J Bome instances up to the last joint, and I was told that this peculiarity was hereditary. I confess to being so " knocked " by thiB discovery that I quite forgot to examine their anatomy any further. I have only a j general impression that they were very muscular for their age, especially about the back | and thighs. These tropical bathers, by-the-bye, suffer from prolonged indulgence in swimming by an irritation of the external ear, which enlarges and hardens the bone about the channel of the ear so that the external cavity closes, and a similar affliction is not unknown among Enropeans who sea-bathe over much, and the resulting deafness necessitates a serious operation for the removal of the hard and ivory-like occeuding growth. Such a disease cannot occur among us for reasons afterwards to be stated. Dr. Pettigrew, in his book on " Animal Locomotion" (one of the International Scientific series), has a long chapter on " Progression in and on the Water," in which some pages are devoted to an exhaustive examination of -the " Swimming of Man." The expert swimmer, he tells us, can do what he likes in water, and he implies in fact that man should be mach more at homo than he is in hiB (aay some scientists) really primal element. But in describing the various gymnastics that the swimmer can perform, Dr. Pettigrew never once mentions his ability to float on his back with his arms folded beneath, i.e., behind him. The knowledge is a new one, and Dalton appears to be its first professor. Pettigrew accounts for man's slowness in the water, compared with his size and power, by " the smallness of his hands and feet, the slow movements of his hands and arms, and the awkward manner in which they are applied to and withdrawn from the water." The best record for a mile swim appears to be about twenty-six. minutes; but I put aside the examination of the different varieties of swimming—side stroke, etc.—and the breaking of records, which are matters for the professional athlete. The important anatomical fact we learn from him is this— namely, that propulsion is effected by the compression of the fluid wedge of water between, the thighs, and Dalton has demonstrated that this compression—which meanB propulsion—is most easily performed on the back. And now some worda on the science. of bathing. Beauty and the bath were almoist synonymous words in classical literature-— not to speak of the literature of the Bast. 1 In torrent climates frequent ablution ia-a positive necessity. It is to Mahomedans a, religious rite, and our own Christian Sacrament of Baptism had its origin, let us remember, under a remorseless sun. In the East still the first hospitality to the wearied traveller is the foot-bath—and that dreadful scriptural image, so well illustrated by Dora's Bain of Fire in Dante's Inferno—of heaping coals of fire on an enemy's head could have entered the mind only of a people who hungered for rain and valued water. The Greeks called their Goddess of Beauty Anadyomene—literally, fresh from the sea, and the Horatian epigram—Merse$ profunda pukhrior even.it—would be translated , by a modern irreverent, "Dip in the deep, and emerge to mash." Among a Latin raoe, like the French, the sea-sidein summer illustrates the Horatian maxim. They have made bathing a fine art, the tepidity of the water, owing to the Gulf Stream, allowing one to remain in It by the hoar, whereas here from five to ten minutes' immersion even in the height of summer is all that our chilling waters permit. The season at, say, such a place as'Ostende, is a ' most picturesque sight. The women's bath- : ing suits, exposing just the extremities, are wntnllj thought oat in many schemes of colour, and the syren in such brave apparel . has no need o( (he Odyssean song. The m&n;'e dtcfis is a coloured, loosely-woven woollen " eombinatiiHU," and the chic thing is f«r the man to ooms fresh from the barber and the women from the coiffeur. The lu*4 is, of course, not wetted, as few of them WOfWia. Tin two aexe« play ring-a-nmj in the water and the humourists splash each other. Those people who think we should adopt Buch practices here, and bathe so olad in the open, are quite mistaken. The climatic conditions will not allow it. Neither man nor woman here would go to the trouble of undressing and dressing twice in different costumes for the sake of a few minutes' dip, and our summer shark, unknown in European waters (it is said the Suez Oanal has admitted the Indian one to the Mediterranean), would make an unpleasant neighbour to the indulging swimmer. It would be folly, too, in Australia, to walk the strand in a dripping garment—severe sunbnrn, chill or sunBtroke would be among the immediate consequences. As a Victorian, I confess it was quite a new experience to discover the total disparity between sea-bathing in Europe and here. There the difference between the temperature of the sea and that of the surrounding air is slight as compared with us, and this explains the curious fact that several of the aborigines whom the first Melbourne settlers came across could swim. The river and sea water were both so comparatively cold that the native could never remain long enough jn the " aqueous element" to learn to swim. There is hardly a workingman's house in Melbourne suburbs without a bathroom (a bath indoors is, of course, different from a BWim outdoors), and the Victorian is apt to congratulate himself when he finds that as he goeB north the bath is USE and less a feature of the toilet, forgetting that in hot climates cold baths often cause chill. The Englishman who is so fond of his cold tub finds that in India his bath mast be changed to ablution, especially if he has had " the fever," and in England itself middle-aged men who are sensible qualify the tub by making it tepid. The universal (among the middle and : upper classes) cold tub in England is a conventional taradiddle. A robust Englishman can take his cold bath later into life than a robust Australian; but a time comes to both of them, if they are sensible, when the temperature of the bath will be mitigated for at least part of the year. I am sure no greater harm can be done than for a middle-aged man to treat his person as if he still were sweet- andtwenty. When one has to give up reluctantly his cold shower he may for a time indulge in it all the year round if preceded by a hot bath, or even by standing with his feet in hot water; but Nature, no stepmother, soon informs us that as vitality decays the body heat must be more and more conserved. Much ignorance exists about swimming, mainly from the fact that'the spectator cannot under water well see and criticise the movements of the swimmer as he can those of the athlete on land; and swimmers, for some unknown reason, rarely aggregate themselves into clubs, and so miss the instruction of confabulation. Judging from the nnmber of deathB annually from ignorance of swimming, one would, think opinion would be so arouBed as to demand public baths, and that children should not be allowed to leave school without that necessitous knowledge. A non-swimmer is a menace to sooiety, dangerous not only to himself, but to others, inasmuch as almost as many are drowned in trying to save life as perish in the first instance from their own culpable ignorance. Swimming, in fact, should be considered as necessary an accomplishment as the three R's. If there be perils by land rats there also are by water rats, and in these locomotive times we are all. often committed to. what Johnson dubbed "a floating prison," and the ability to keep afloat for a while in the " unplumbed, salt, estranging sea " often eans the preservation of iiJEe. Man's ngratitude to man is proverbial, but I have ever known an instance bf *a man being aved from drowning forgetting his saviour. ndeed, among people so conditioned, friendhip is of a lofty, chivalrous, and, in the Virgilian sense, pious character. Diving is the bete noire of the ambitions wimmer. It is made the hall-mark of ccomplishment, as the somersault., to the crobat. A good diver is looked upon as a .G.M. in Natation — a Marine First Wrangler—but very wrongly. Diving is the pbvious result first -of the knowledge that in athing the head should be ab initio wetted, o prevent congestion of the brain, and econdly of the confidence which easily evelops into showiness. Good swimmers nvariably advertise themselves as such, oram publico, by a high dive, and many lads, ull of this conceit, may be seen at our baths oing nothing but dive their whole time. o much, indeed, has this prevailed that any excellent swimmers, despite " Beares " and notice boards of the depth, rush o destruction by mechanically diving into hallow water. We can all count ill-spared riends who have thus so ante-dated deparure. • It is vanity which kills most of ns on land s well as 6ea. The deeps and shallows of inance may engulph ns as the wave, or the ncalculated " Bottom," marine or mining, ay whirl us deep below." Diving 41 has its place in natation I admit any a life has been plucked from death by rompt diving, and drowned dead men have een brought up and restored to life, time fter time, and f have often thought if stillorn, i.e., unbreathing children, can fib; rought to life after as mueh' as six ours' ~ ' *"' houidVe give op the apparently drowned fter the conventional only twenty minutes'; ffort? Of course, the younger the subject he mora cbanee of restoration, the mhost; alla bf*pTTiitig less elastic with the advance t years. Not less, however, than two hopn f artificial respiration should be given tothei rowned. Diving may cause «at mischief.j any good awimcun m «on«titationallr unfitted for high diving. Headache is a common result, and earache, from the lodgment of cold water, and it would be as well if more of us were oontented to go in head first from a low level. : Among the other conventional follies of swimming is that of pace. It is confessedly a natural envy to see a good swimmer take the water and go this way and that with a graceful ease that reminds ..one of the fishes in the Aquarium. But it should be remembered the swimmer is born, not made, and no amount of practice—at least in these waters—can make a swimmer of one not naturally built that way. All the great swimmers are short, thick-set men, with great capacity of chest—that is, of lung—that is, of buoyancy, and a corresponding quantity of driving power in the thighs. Capt. Webb and Prof. Dalton belong to that type, and in the old days here " Orion" Home, of the same build, was one of our best amateurs. Many women are built for swimming, their fatter physiques giving them further advantage. There is nothing so dangerous as to attempt' to swim as long and as hard as yon can. From its unhabituality, itB irregular indulgence, the variation in the temperature of the water, the variation in the health of the bather, and a hundred and one other variabilities associated with swimming, it is impossible to arrive at a standard of the ordinary man's swimming capacity. The prone position, as I have said, in water is unnatural, and the impact of the fluid, amounting to some pounds of pressure against the heart, and against the front, the elastic, the business aspect of the cheBt, is a great tax upon both the circulating and breathing apparatus. It is not uncommon for swimmerB to Bink dead suddenly when apparently going strong. Here the heart, without being at all diseased even, goes, for the reason that it is acting in unaccustomed conditions, and, therefore, ignorant of its work. When the expert has to swim for life he is less concerned to " make " for a distant shore in a certain time than to keep afloat, and those rare dramatic occasions of surviving the " breakers " for a short while are fulfilled more by physique, bravery, and luck than natational strategy. The ignorance of even old bathers in the water is amusing, and of young ones positively alarming. A long dive is succeeded by a long swim in deep water, and the exhausted bather grasps at the bath steps, and, dragging himself out of the water, sits panting, like a tired dog, till his breath returns, and he repeats the insane process. The least common sense wonld inform 'him that he should sit on the steps with hismouth just above water, thus taking off the necessity of tired muscles and a pumped heart and lung supporting out of water the weight of hiB body, as they wonld not have to do when it was submerged, let alone the chill to the surface of the body which exposure occasions, and embarrasses still further the vital machineries. After a swim, then, even without the intention of repeating it, the bather should wait till his wind returns with all that he can manage of him under water, and, if he wants a lesson in this matter, let him try resting nnder the two opposite conditions. The best test on coining away from your bath is not that you feel cold, but pleasantly cool, with a happy consciouBhesB that you are a warm-blooded animal. The feeling of extreme coolness on one of our hot Australian days, however arrived at, is deceptive and unhygienic. We cannot elude, as H. Spencer says, our environment, and perhaps to the end of time must feel, with - Shakespeare, " the season's difference,"-and the men who tell you boastfully in the summer's heat that they have no consciousness of it are diseased. It is proper to feel it, but' not to exhaustion; it iB healthful to resent it, but to him who iB.unoonsaiQna.of it, it means a perpetual congestion of the great internal solid organs;, kidney and liver mainly, because, tilers being always the same amount of blood ut.the.body,.the ohill and anoemia of the surface .is purchased at the expense of too much' bTooir loaned, and often without being able to retire it to the ministry, so to say, of the interior. 1 ' The Cavill family are well- known for their swimming featB-at the Westminster Aquarium,' and Professor Cavill, who exhibited here some years ago, used to swim in a tight-fitting rubber suit, covering the hands and feet, winch were broadened to paddles by the insertion of thin boards, but they added little, rather the opposite, tb his propulsion, as they spoiled the elasticity of his extremities. - Oavill, - by-the-bye, ' used to phew coca leaves in his long swimming feats, or drink it as tea. I remember Jiis giving me a tin of the leaves, and I tried them more than once as an infusion at night. The effect was to totally banish sleep and excite the brain to a morbid and alarming activity. I now know that I made it too strong. It is curious to think that it was not for several years after, that eocain, the active principle of this wonderful drug, found its way into the British Pharmacopoeia, It allays the vomiting of cancer of the stomach, the gastric irritation of feverdyspepsia, and acts, besides, asa oordiao stimulant and as * potent food in; the most microscopic quantity. One or two grains of the white powder, judicibusly secreted under he finger-nail, would keep a tasting man omfortable for a whole day, and a swimmer's heart at woric for many an boor. To eonclqde about Dalton. His channel feat, on which much doubt was thrown, was quite verified by his swimming «inoo. In the presence of a large crowd lie swam some 36 miles in the Thames at about the rate of a moderate walking pate, and solely tm his, taekt -taking food * Ha lei«tra. W« may tbm mmnffltr H in 4mpoMM <tal i 1 human being on his back in water can no more sink than a cork. Cramp, which, so far as I know, attacks only the lower extremities, is, I believe, due to the, for man, nnnatural prone position, and, should it come when on his back, a few resolute kicks would dispose of it e&eotnally.; The back attitude in water appears to be known to Oriental nations — those depositories of so many secrets undreamt of in our experience. Some months ago a leper from the Point Nepean Quarantine Station, while bathing, was caught in the Bip when running dangerously strong, and he could not be saved for a full hour after he was observed. He had floated the whole time on his back. We are told, too, in one of Budyard Kipling's wonderful|B2oc& and White stories, of an Indian caught in a remorseless flood adopting naturally the back position till— but the incident is too gruesome to re-relate. To learn to swim, then, ic is essential to find out—and confidence would enable one to do that at once—that in water, especially salt, man on his back is as buoyant as a log of deal—much more buoyant, indeed, than many woods—and after this confidencelesson, the rest is easy. The knowledge to us is new, and to all of us—especially the rising generation—invaluable. Daltonism is a form of blindness known to science; let as not be " daltonic " to the teachings of this new " professor." And now some general remarks in conclusion. In no part of the world is there better opportunity or lesB advantage taken for sea-bathing than in Australia, and particularly Victoria. The long " reaches of sandy beaches " so common with us are much rarer in Europe, and there the shores are often shingly and the water, if tepid, is mostly turbid, and has not the salinity, the vitality, the ozonifying properties of ours, and our (of necessity) short bath is equal hygienically —at least, in the vigorous -to the longer immersion of Europe, where, however, the milder waters are more suitable to the invalid. Sea- bathing in the open oould, in this climate, be practised well into the winter with suitable precautions, such as sheltered approach to the bath, a more protected bath-house, a sea-wall with small openings to yard the water, so to say, and by keeping it nearly still to allow the full effect of the warming sunshine. No fresh-water shower should be taken after a sea-bath, as it removes the saline particles and thus prevents their absorption, which is so beneficial. It was a moot point whether the skin was an absorbent membrane or not, but the affirmative is now established. The old sailors knew that the thirst of shipwreck could be relieved by sitting in their sea-wet clothes, and when we remember how common it still is to drink a pint of sea-Water before breakfast without any harmful effect, and that on some of the rainless guano islands in the Pacific men have nothing but the ocean to drink from for months at a time, it is not improbable that drinking sea-water is not so harmful as supposed. There is nothing in its composition of a poisonous nature in ordinary drinking quantities, and the effects ascribed to its potation in shipwreck are complicated by starvation, by fear, and its being used only as a last resource, and in the full expectation that it is certain to harm. When the ancient mariner of Coleridge awakes in the rain after the drought he feels that his body almost drank. That it did is borne out by his own description— I moved and could not feei my limbs, They teIt so light almost I thought that I had died in sleep, And was a blessed ghost. Here we have another instance of the poet's instinct being correoter than the theory of the scientist. When one animal membrane, like the skin, is placed as a partition between two fluidsof different densities, an interchange of the fluids takes place by a process called osmosis till the liquids on each side of the membrane become of equal specific gravity. This occurs when he bathe, or immerse a part in water : witness the shrivelled hand of the washerwoman, and the effect of waterdressing on a wound. Indeed, a saline bath will restore the bloated features of the drowned. \- The skin, be it known, is extremely sensitive to water, almoBt as mach as the stomach. For example, how different is the feeling, and, indeed, the effect of a showerbath in Ballarat compared with Melbourne. I am sorry to add that our drinking water in Australia is mostly BO unpalatable that I have known European visitors stoutly maintain that thieir taking to drink has been due to our undrinkable water. Edison, the electrician, acting on this absorbing property of the skin, has been experimenting with some promise of success, with an electric and medicated bath in one—such as putting lithia in the water in which the patient iB electrised tor gout. I have used myself recently, and can recommend to others, the seaweed bath. Ausralia is remarkable for the beauty and variety of its seaweed, so that it is easily ot. It should be taken floating, washed of and, and allowed to draw like tea for several minutes in the hot sea water. The heat of a hot sea-bath may vary from 95deg. F. to I12deg. F., and even mora; but bout 9Bdeg. to lOOdeg. is uafe, p.fct exhaustng; and, asa rule, as bene&^ai as a higher emperature, which often causes goose-akin, nd thus closes thq pores as effectually as old water. €old fluid should never be taken after a arm 8ea-bath, as it chills the stomach and liver, and thus neutralises the bath. Some warn, stimulating fluid is beet, snoh as tea, soap, and particularly bovriL tits bath, be it ruHtmfmad, removes a mfenaloil tram te *te,iifakh b nati^ secreted for some minutes, and may be well imitated by the robbing on of vaseline, and BO a chill prevented. Coffee particularly excites this oily secretion, and so is most useful in winter. All our baths and bath-rooms are too small, and hence, when heat is used, dangerously nnventilated. The bath should be suik to the level of the floor for convenience, and made of stone, not wood, DOT metal, and less like a coffin. Indeed, gome should take their baths sitting, as the horizontal position makes many people feel apprehensive, and in heart disease may be fatal. A clock and a thermometer are, of course, obvious necessities. Except sea sand, the best of all articles for flesh- brushing is the reticulated interior of an Egyptian gourd, known as loofah. The bath towel cannot well be too rough, nor can the toilet be made too quickly afterwards. Never use an already used towel, nor bathe other than on an absolutely empty stomach. Deaths in baths are mostly caused by undigested food. The wonderful effect of water applied externally to people who don't bathe is well illustrated among the last generation of our own people, with whom tubbing was by no means common. Sam Weller, when feeling " like a walking brandy bottle" after his Bight up with Job Trotter, finds an effectual pick- me-up in the town pump; and in a story of Bret Harte's he describes a trembling drunkard having his face transfigured and his condition transformed to complete sobriety by a few headers into a bucket of water. When the dry land was won from the sea, which once covered the whole earth, man was a marine resident, and the craving for the smell of the sea, the possession of a marine residence with most of us now is probably an hereditament of that remote era. There is one class'of person who must be particularly warned not only against the sea bath, but the seaside, and that is the anasmic woman—a condition "too common in Australia, and due mainly to living on over-cooked meat. A 'marine residence is death to such cases, though, strangely enough, the seaside is prescribed' in all the European text-boobs for such cases. It is certainly unsuitable here. Children, <tOo, it should be remembered, are not fit till after the fifth year for sea bathing. The proverb clothed and his right mind has reference to the bath, and of all the means placed by Providence at our disposal for the oure of ills that flesh is heir to, from the fever of delirium to the malady of indigestion, water is at once the cheapest, the handiest, and most effective. In this hurrying, excited, and nervebreaking era, not only in Australia, but all, over the world, the passionate, desire lor riches is, to some extent, pardonable, The golden key unlocks the doors to fame, to society, to position, to title, to power, to adulation. The nouveau riehe, even among the most conservative nobilities of Europe, is welcomed with acclaim, and in the race for wealth many splendid physiques end high mentalities strew the course. Taking the waters—which meanB the drinking of and the bathing in naturally medicated waters —has been for centuriep the European cure for jaded nerves and viscera on strike, and hydropathy, with or without hassage, the derieer ressort of all our civilised nations, will, I am sure, become more and more with us a main element in rational cure. A vote of thanks to Dr. Moloney was proposed by Dr.Kenny, K.G-.G., who spoke in high terms of the value of the paper. Mr S. Fitzgerald seconded the vote, which was carried amidst general applause. . In reply, Dr.Moloney mentioned Tennyson's "Crossing the Bar," his latest, and perhaps finest, short poem, as illustrating the inter-relation of the great oceanic tides and the daily ebb and'flow of the life-blood in man. The natural man, who should have no illness but his last one, dies—goes out, as one wfculd expect, with the tide. Shakespeare knew this, so did Dickens; and Tennyson, still a healthy old man, adumbrates his Nirvana as a painless re-entrance into the boundless bosom of parent nature—crossing the bar. Sunset and evening star, And one clear call for me, And may there be no moaning of the bar When I put out to sea. But such a tide as moving seems to sleep, Too full for sound or foam, When that which drew from out the boundless deep Tarns again home. Twilight and evening bell, And after that the dark, And may there be no sadness of farewell When I embark— For tho' from out our bourne of time and plaoe,' The floodmay bear me for, I hope to eee my Pilot face to face When I have crossed Hie bar. ADVICES from Madagascar state that the oovernor of the Island of Nossi Be, having become furious at bis subjects appealing to the Queen ol Madagascar against bis cruelties, massacred by alow torture two hnnSred •and eighty men, women ahdehildren. Be was Subsequently beheaded on the site ol his •trocities. ' HOTICJE, W W 1 And VM would SUM** aloof CiitsfMtut-IJ«bttaif Snxn vil» dlMuai «and Band. 