CURRENT TOPICS. In his recent addresses in tho New England electorate Mr. Coi'eland mado mighty on slaughts on tho doctrine of the Single Tax. Tho subject was really not worth so muuh trouble, and tho energy oxpeuded thereon Mr, Copeland might well have saved for uso in connection willi more important questions. There never was tho ghost of a cluinco of tho Siiiglo Tax being adopted by the people of New South Wales, or, indeed, by any community in Australia; anil amongst its advocates in these colonics there is not, so fur as wo aro aware, a single person who possesses , any intellectual or political standing. .Sir Geiitige Gkkv is an iiclvocato tor a (ax on land values, but tl&t; is a widely different thing from the Single Tax. In Amorica-the Single Tax .'craze lias had its, day, and Mr). Henry George has ceased to wield any -influence except over a fuw visionaries liko ins disciples in this city. The result , of tho analysis of his theories by men like Mr. Atkinson, vof Boston, wiis tomako thousands of peoplo who had been fascinated. ;by the theories uttorly ashamed that thoy.hatl belioved, even for.a little while, -that there wns any solid truth in such humbug. ; Av couplo .of years ago jnuny sensible: people iu New South AY ales believed tbnt in the Single Tax thoro was somehopo of temporal salvation, for the masses, . hut ns - soon as they heard Mr. Geokoe that : bcliof . disappeared.-: IIeNry; George's locturcs destroyed what chdhc'c there might have been of- his thcoriis making headway in. this colony, .When he loft Australia the Singlo Tax dogma -was practically dead, -and. it has been in that condition ever since. For that reason there was no necessity for Mr. Copeland to ex pend se much energy in attacking it. - What does it profit suoh a man. us the senior member for New England to kick a carcase? In connection with the entertainment given by Sir Henry Parkes yesterday we may remind our readers that many months ago the Government purchased the ship Sobraon as a substitute for the training ship Vernon, which for a long time previously had been in a dilapidated condition. When the Sobraon was handed over to the Government it was stated that thr necessary alterations to fit her for the work for which she had been ob- tained would speedily be effected ; but from that day to this nothing has been done to her. She is lying in the neighborhood of Biloela, and it would seem that she is to be allowed to lie there in her present state whilst the Ministry are in office. What is the explanation of this neglect? Is it that there is not sufficient money in the Treasury to convert the vessel into a training ship? Or has Sir Henry Parkes changed his mind, and come to the conclusion that boys of the class sent on to the Vernon should be placed in reformatories on land? If the Govern- ment do not intend to use the Sobraon for the purpose for which they purchased the vessel they ought to sell her. If, however, they do intend to so use her they ought to have her fitted up without delay. Mr. Johs Hurley, M.L.A., the social refprmer who represents Hartley, is going to ask tho Houso to pass a resolution in. favor of the suppression of gambling by means of swoops, consultations, &c.; Although a great deal can he said in support of tho resolution, yet tho House is not likely to make tho law on the subject inoro strin gent than it is at present. For ail sensible men know that whatever legislation may take place, tho kind of gambling aimed at by Mr. Hurley will still go on. The betting instinct is strong in British communities, and no Act of Parliament can cradicato it, any more than a measure of that kind could eradicate tho desire which multitudes of Britons, on both sides of tlio sea, havo for ulcoholic drinks. Our principal objection to Mr. Hurley's notice of motion is that it docs not go far enough; it should havein- cliuled a condemnation of gambling by means of mining prospectuses and land boom ing. There is no evidence that' any young man has.got into trouble through investing money in consultations; but it is well known that scores of men, both young and old, havo como to griof in consequence of speculating in mining stock. Legislation is greatly needed against tho promoters— their name is legion — of bogus mining properties, aud the largo crowd who bull anil bear mining stock, in order to rob tlio public. Mr. Hurley has us complete a knowledge of tlio evils connected with the mining business as any man in the colony, and ho must ho awaro that greater ruin results from mining speculation than from consultations and sweeps. Why, then, does lie confine his indignation to tho latter ? As a social reformer we do not think the meinbor for Hartley appears to advantage ; tho role does not suit him at ail. Exactly what Mr. Dowf.l means by his notice of motion concerning tho exchange, of eniii for silver wo do not know. Ho is .to move iii tlio Aiscmbly to-day that the Sydney Mint receive silver, and give in ex change tho cm-rent silver coin of tho realm. Does lie moan that for every ounce of Bilvcr it receives it should hand over a crown piece, or that tho payments should be in accordance with the market price of refined silver. If the former, Mr. Dowel's resolution should bo kicked out without any ceremony ; but if tho latter there is really no noeessity for the action in- intends to take. Possibly tho real object of the resolution is to got Parliament to ex press an opinion thnt silver, as well ns cold, shonld ho coined in the Mint. More light on tho subject will probably ho obtained after Mr. Dowei, has moved ids resolution ; at present it is surrounded by a great deal of mystery, and mystery in connection with such a question naturally engenders sus picion. 