A LIFE AT STAKE. By Mhs. HARRIET LEWIS, Avtnor of ?? Tlte Uavnied Jftuhnnd, or Lad} Clirtwiind't Sjieclre,' 4c. CHAPTER XXXIII.— cmlimied. 'YOB SHOULD IIAVE KNOWN MI B«TEE THAN TO THREATEN MB ! ' The lost words were ulterc I with a nil.inrss that might have touched a heart of Eton?. But Tlmrwell smiled, and said coolly : ? Better n qnict drain without ignominy than to perish, covnrpd with fh.ime, and by violence. Yon snffer, too, 1 see my 6-ar Ildo. Yonr linj.ee daily conflict with yonrfenrs, and you will conn lie cxlmnstr.l. Aal inriLj iu Jim mill IU fUUI IUI1II I, 1 hove docided to hnslon onr mnrriaci'. The festititi™ I liavo desired can tnke plnce alter the wedding, which shall he quite private, 6ince yon seem lo desire it m. I love yon, llde Dnre, in my way, quite as well as Lord Tri'ssillinn do™ 'in hi*. I appreciate yonr beamy, your spiril, yonr wealth, yonr social position. 1 admire yonr grace, the color in yonr checks, the sweetness of yonr manner. I am an epienre, find I do not wish the hloom brnshed off my peach. I mean hy lh»l, that I do not choose to defer onr marriage until grief and derpnir have robbed yon of your quick, light slep, yonr spirited manner, yonr soft blushes, and vonr health. Therefore, I have determine! to shorten the torm of onr engagement to one fiing'e week from to-day.1 ' A single week !' respondel llde, ' Exactly that pi-rio;!,' was Ihe ansner, in a tone of nuvetrtl lightness. ' Ami I hare to request that ynn will not npoin see Lord Tressillinn. I sent him a note an honr ago, slDling thatonr marriage was lo he hastened, ami requesting him not to wv ron again. So that tic is loosened already.' The yonng girl put nnt her hands blindly Tor support, anil caught at the vine-edged basin of the foiiiitnin. Her fnce grew as white as those of the mnrlili nymphs, nnd her eyes shone with a wild light that wns visihlc eten in the deepening twilight. ' Only n week !' she «aid, her thonjrlits at one blow Inking in nil that she had lo do if phe hoped to prevent the marriage. Wh«t could she do in seven dais? Could she discover the missing witnpss, Shawcross? .Could she find Theraell's sister, and get from her the written com pact? Could Mr'. Ainry bring her wea'ons to bear iu that brief spiice of lion? | 'If not,' thought the yonng girl, a startling idea Unking possession ol her strong, ardent Bot'rl^Bnd « lofty courage miinmtinrr her whole being — ' If not, 1 will defy him lo doiiis worst. I will support and' uphold my father. Thenwll shnll hriujr his witnesses agninst us — anil Heiiven defend the right I' This resolve imparted a quiet, caltn dignity to her manner tl.nl astonished Therwell. She looked at him with the wililnesc gone from her eyes, an 1 he found himself nnahle to read her thoughts. ' You still grant me a week,' she snid, calmly. ' For a week, then, I nm free, and shall nllow no dictation as lo my pursuits. I shall s»e Lord Trcssillinn ifl choose, or any other friends who may lake an interest in me.' ' Would it not be well to cnncilinle in stead of angering me ?' inquired. Ther well, annoyed at ber words. ' Yon do not, perhaps, realise how completely yon will be in my power after the marriage vows ore uttered.' ' Coward !' cried the yonng girl, scorn fully. ' Yon do well to show'me still more your real character now. Permit me to end the interview.' With a stately motion of her head, she gathered ber shawl closer and swept past Iiitn, taking her way towards the mansion. He looked after her, half angrily, half prondly. ' It will he pleasant to tame the proud little crealnre,' he muttered, stroking his chin. 'What delight I shall hate in breaking her in I The time shall come when Bhc will be a meek, obedient wife, with no thoughts or. aspirations beyond pleasing me, and no fears beyond offend ing me. By Juve, I am impatient to be gin my task of laming her.1 He leaned against the basin of the fonntain, andindulged in pleasant musings. By this time the heavier and deeper shadows had nestled down upon the scene, nnd the glorious galaxy of stars were shining in dim and mellow radianre, giving a weird aspi~ct to the lovely garden, with its trees, shrubs, and Bowers. Therwell was silent nnd abstracted, hnried in thought. He did not see a tignre that raised itself noiselessly Ironi the shadow of some hushes nrar at hand, attd paused a moment, before attempting to steal aivay as silently as it had come. It was the figure of Mrs. Amry. fhe had I followed llde to the garden, intending -o j speak with her, but, observing Tiierwells i approach, had quietly ensconced herself j beneath a clump of bushes, and awaited his Jepartnre. Tims she had unavoidably listened to the whole of the conversation, ond had become aware of the change in HdVs prospects. She was anxions to follow and comfort her, and lielievcd that she conld vanish unseen nnder cover of the shade and the night. Mie paused only long ennngh to note ths position of Tberwell, and lh»n j glided away. She had taken, however, ! but two or three 6teps, when sheinndver- I lently trod upon a dry twig, which snapped j under her foot, and she stopped abruptly, apprehensive of discovery. Her fears were well founded. That slight, crackling sonnd in the still ness of the early night amused Ther well from bis reverie. He started, looking aronnd him nervously, as if fear ing to see again the supposed apuariation that had recently appeared to him, and then his keen glances rested upon the durk outline of that cronching figure. Witb a quick, tiger-like Iwiniii lie leaped towards her. The woman sprang up and attempted to flee as she saw his approach, bnt she had not taken half a dozen t-V ps when his hand came heavily down npon her shoulder, and she found herself a prisoner. * A listener 7 J he exclaimed, dragging her towards the fonntain, and paiisiii_- in the lightest spot. ' Let me see yonr face ' The woman hesitated, then thook on* his detaining grasp, and pushed away the close hood that concealed her features. At the sight of them he shrank back with a cry of terror. ' No, I am not a ghost. Vincent Ther well,' she said, as Ink wild, incredulous gnze expressed his fear that he no* lie holding «n apparition. ' 1 am aliiv.1 ' Alive ! ' he said, in a shuddering tone. ? Alive ! ' ' Yes, Vincent Therwell. It is so hard lo h.dieve.' ? Hul— bnt I heard you were dead.' ' There was such a report. I eircnhit'd ii. I wiahed yon and all win. had once known me to believe medei.,1.1 1 herwell continued to gnze iipun the woman's worn features with Mrkeiiing terror. His round h'v'nre seemed lo shrink within itself. His round face seemed t«i ualher ilsulf op into a ihonsand wrinkles. His hea»y, thick lips, trembled, aid he seamed suddenly aflicted as if with ague. Whoever, and whatever, the strange seamstress was, she had a r«markahle infill euee over the wicked sclie.nner before her. As she remnrked Ihe effect of ber pre sence. Mrs. Amry drciv up her tall figure, her faec grew stern, and she seemed to assume the character of a Nemesis. ' I am alive, Vincent Tln.-n.ell, and here,' she exclaimed, in solemn toneR that made him shudder. ' For years I ha»c followed your steps without finding yon. I Imvc traversed this kingdom on loot and alone, in sunshine nnd in rain, in cold and in heal, nnd the one thing that lias kept me nlivo has been the hope of finding you. And at lust I hare overtaken yon.' The last words were spoken' exultantly, and be heard them. Therwell bent his head upon his hands in nn altitude ol despair. ' You have not asked why I am here,' snid the woman, after a brief silence. ' 1 know already,' was the husky re. sponce. ( You can have bnt one errand.1 ' Is there any good in yonr heart, Vin cent Therwell V usked Mrs. Amry. ' Yon seem overcome by the sight of me. Does | my face recall happier days, when yon were I young and nnMained by crime ? Does it awaken within you a single regret for your oareer of guilt V She knew in her heart that it did not. But she scarcely comprehended the manner and attitude of TIrerwell, and therefore endeavoured to place the most charitable construction upon it.' ' I suppose,1 said Therwell, irrelevantly, ' that you have brought nffirors with yon — that they are even now in this very garden.' ' No, 1 ain alone,' Tin's was an unfortunate admission. Tberwell raised bis head with something i.f his former spirit ; the livid hue of his fnce gave place to a natural redness, and hp recovered at once his former coolness and self-possession. ' No one knows yon are here ?' he asked. ' Yon have lold no one my stnry ?' ' No one. H«w Therwell's eyes gleamed then. ' I hnve told no one as yet,1 said Mrs. Amry, feeling uneasy by the change in his manner. ' I know of your doings here, Vincent Therwell. I know how you have scheme to possess the hnnd of Miss Dare, and with it her fortune and a social posi tion. I know too, how yon ore oppressing her poor invalid father, who never injured you !' ' Yon do ?' ' Yes : and though for years I have thought of nothing bnt avenging npon yon my own bitter wrongs. I nm willing to consider mercy now, if you will but be just. Miss Dare was kind to me the other day, and fed and sheltered me, and I would re compense her for it a thousand fold. She is a poor motherless yonng girl, and 1, whom yon have made childless, worse than childless, feel my heart yearn in pity to wards her. Vincent Therwell. if yon will release Sir Allyn Dare and his daughter, and go away, leaving them lo themselves, I will promise to forego my revenge and leave yon in peace.' The strange seamstress spoke as if she believed he would gladly accept the terms she offered. ' You are mild in your demands,' be replied, with a sneer. ' But suppose I reins? V ' he-use at yonr peril !' was her stern qnick response. ' 80 surely as yon refuse to release these innocent people from the bonds yon have placed upon them, so sureiy will I denounce yon for what yon are! I will even bring the officers of j just-ce to the house 10 ui-tht ? ' I Therwell interrupted her by a cry ol j rage and fear. Dis hand disappeared j wiihin the breast of his cost, and irhrn lie j withdrew it be held wiihin his grssp something that glittered iu the fi-riiuhi. 1 You shonld have kno«n ro? t-tt«r than to threaten me,' he ttw, in a hissing tone. ' Yna will not betray me. j Swear to me that you will not !' It was a face glowing with murderous intent that he turned towards ber. His eyes had the ferocious gleam 01 a wolfs aud his month had an expression that struck the woman with an instant com prehension o her peril. Suddenly she j turned to fiee. He was r*s-iy for the movement. With a single seap he gained her side, clntcheJ at her throat 10 prevent her screaming for assistance, and de manded her oath of secrecy. Though her tonpoc was motionless, ber eyes ex pressed her refusal. ' Then yonr blood he opon your bead !' lie said. There wss a flash of steel in the dim lii-ht, a hollow mo-u, th° sonnd of a heavy tailing lody, and then, pale and sacred, Therweli rnsh^d from the gardens, fueling the brand of Cian npnn his soul. The s'ariighl shone npon a prostrate figure in in the shadow of the lonntain ; npnn a face ghastly in its pallor; npon eyes that stared upward vacantly ; and npon a bosoni in nhich the heart beat faintly— but si ill beat. CHAPrEK XXXI V. ' I KM.W TOO, DC SPITE or TOrB MfGCIBE ?' Tbe ill. of love. Dot those of fate, I fear ; Ttietv I cau brave, bat tho»e I caonot bear. ? UBYDEP. The remainder of her first day of cap tivity pass.il without uny fariher event lo Lady i beilis. She wjs served niih aiir.lher supply r,f brend and water, whicb, like the former, she s.**nt away nnlonched. The exgmeriu-ra did not exchunee a word w:th her uion the 'Cc.ision of lier second vinit, and withdraw at- qtiickly as pos-i! le, I.-ating the yowie Iri.le lo' the plearanlrr society of ber okii thoughts, and 'o lh« r(.ni|.anionshi|. -,f the waves, which In at and chal--l r--st|ess!y againsl the |..a.;h »ilh-.ut. Having n-iii.qoii.bed all hope of sp.-edy iTO,|ie or liberation, il only remained f..r ibe captive to school her heart 10 patience and resignation, qualities with Khich ehe hnd become familiar during her lung years of imprison ment at the bands of henelative. Kbe bad much to cheer Iht now that she had not th. -n. Th.Tc wiiH hopes am) dreams, in nocent girli-h fancies now brooding in her heart, to which, until recently, she had bivn a stranger. Once her life had lieen devoid ol links to the outer world ; now she thought of the one with whom she was connected by the nearest and (ender--st of all ties, and lived over again the filrange sceneB of their marriage and his unexpected confession of love at their last interview. Dreaming of him, ulie forgot the lapse of the hours. She watched the flush of ihe sunset nn ihe white creeled naves, heHrd without listening the mournful cries of ihe sea-birdx. and did not leave Ihe window even when the cold, gray twilight wrapped sea and land within its misty folds. She But there gazing int/i the sombre and dispensing darkness, with a thoughtful look in her dark eyes — a look that snw not the heavy night shadows, but instead, a sunny hnppy home at Mon. repos, a home brightened with love and tenderness, n home shareU with Sir Hugh. She had nearly forgotten already that her ideal bud been a Bayard. The warm, human love proffered her by her husband hnd itlmost become dearer in her eyes than all the perfections of the stately old heroes ol whom she had ever heard. And thus, thinking and dreaming, 6he did not notice how the night wns deepening around her, until an involuntary shivering arousal her from her abstraction. Ko lights had been brought to her, and the room had been quite chilly, a cold wind sweeping in from the sea, nnd entering tbe crevices of the windows. Cold, hungry, and weary from the effects of the drug, under the influence of nhich 6he bud been brought to her present abiding place, she disrobed herself in the darkness and crept into her neat little bed. As it to compensate her in part for her sorrows, kind nature tonched her eyelids with soft and gentle lingers, and speedily soothed her into sweet slumbers, which were beautified by visions of Sir Hugh, who 6ecmed to plead anew for a love which wns not this time denied. In the morning she ntose, refreshed and strengthened, and arranged her toilet with careful hands. The day was chilly, and without a dreary rain was falling, its drops paltering restlessly against the windows, making the most mournful of music. Above this minor moan of the rain was the bitter wail of the angry sea as it dashed npon the beach nnd then retreated, seeming like a wild beast chafing in its cage. Lady Chcllis' evening attire was insufficient, and she .sought additional warmth in her thick cloak, and nestled in the depth of her easy chair. At an early honr her frugal meal was brought, and, as soon as Mrs. Barrat had retired, she ate her allowance of bread, aud then endcavonred to obtain refuge from her physical discomfort in day dreams. This day was a tpye of the two that followed. A dreary, drizzling steady rain made the scene without painfnl to look upon and tbe prison chamber was gloomy, cold, and nnpleasant. The conspirators congratulated themselves that nature had assisted their schemes by making tbe house liy the sea intolerable to their captive, and continu ally anticipated the anuouocement of ber submis sion to their demands. But they waited in Tain. Ko sneb announcement was made. Calm and resolute, Lady Chellis kept firm to ber resolve not to yield. She walked back wards and forwards for hours togetber for warmth and exercise ; she read the few books at her command ; sbe beguiled her c.olitode with t-ongs and ballads, which she sanit softly and dreamily to herself ; she ate the meagre allowance of bread afforded her ; and never once complained or showed signs of relenting in her resolve. The fourth, day of her captivity dawned clear and bright. The snnligbt poured into her room in golden wares, transfiguring the crimson carpet and pictures on the walls. A genial warmth per vaded every nock cf tbe now p'easant room, and the captive found herself sufficiently warm without the protection of her cloak. Thiowing it aside, she seated herself by the window and looked out upon the tranqnil and smiling sea. Tbe sunlight hatheii her lace-covered sbonlders in a pleasant glow, and shone amid her dark hair, uestling here and th^re, in slender, pencil-like rays, or in broad beams that turned to gold the tresses they touched. She was looking pale and her eyes had a sad and weary expression as sbe gazed longingly out npon the heacb. ' It I were onlj free ! ' she murmured, her hand fluttering like a bird over tbe important paper she carrried in hi-r bosom. ' Every moment 1 spend here mar be a centurv of grief to llde Dare. Shall I yield for her sake ? ' t-be could not immediately answer the question. ( To bt vmt'inved.) 