CONVICT DAYS IN VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED,] No. 5. A STRANGE STORY. In the first incident described in these Chronicles, " The Wreck of the Panther," it was mentioned that when Chief-officer Espinasse went into the hold of the fast sinking ship to rescue any probable survivors, he was about returning on deck when he saw a hand thrust out of the dark water, and seizing it he found that it was that of a young woman, who, with the other hand, had tight hold of a young man. Both were taken out and placed in the boat, and after great difficulty animation was restored in both the nearly drowned persons. The man was a convict, but who the woman was no one could tell. She was not a transportee, neither was she a free pas- senger, and the only conclusion that could be arrived at was that she was a stowaway, but how she got on board and concealed her- self so long was a mystery. The sudden sinking of the ship revealed one of the strangest stories of woman's de- votion it is possible to conceive, and it is here given just as it happened, except, for obvious reasons, the real names are with- held. In the County of Galway, Ireland, there lived, in the beginning of the present century, a titled family named O'Gormon. Certainly the title was not recognised by English law, for Baron O'Gormon prided himself that it had been in the family before the English set foot in Ireland, and that his ancestry dated back to kings, and long anterior to the proudest families on the other side of the channel. In short, the O'Gormon, of the year 1800, was infinitely more proud and poor than his ancestor of a century or two previously. In 1810 he had a daughter born to him, whom he christened Nora, and this girl, though she had the courage and determine- tion of her father, had a good deal of her mother's mild and lovable nature. She was brought up, as beseemed the heiress of the grand old line of the O'Gormons, for, as the years rolled on and no further children were born, it seemed probable that such would be her destiny. He father never failed to im- press on her the pride of ancestry, but, as re- sults showed, love had a stronger influence over Nora than a genealogical tree as high as the giant gum of Mount Baw Baw. At eighteen years of age she had suitors for her hand, but she cared for none of them. Her father had selected as her future hus- band a young squire named O'Donnell, but his advances were very coldly received. In 1829, when Miss Nora was in her nine- teenth year, a young fellow named Paul Madden, the son of a produce merchant in Dublin, came to the district as assistant to a surveyor, who was teaching him that pro- fession. There was nothing particularly striking about him. He had a frank face and blue eyes, was above the medium height, and fairly well educated. He certainly was not handsome, but when Nora (who was the belle of the county) saw him, she met her fate. As young people will, they found oppor- tunities at meeting, and soon it was whis- pered about that " Madden was the man.' These whispers reached the ears of O'Gormon himself, and the old man nearly went frantic with rage. That this son of a potato huc-k ster, or pork butcher, or whatever be was should marry the last of the O'Gormons was —was—well, it was something so outrageous that Nora's father could not find an ap- propriate expression for it. He threatened his daughter with all kinds of terrible menaces if she did not at once banish from her mind all thoughts, of the low churl. But Nora had a heart as well as a head, and do what she could—for she wanted to obey her father, If possible—she could not efface Paul Madden's image from her heart. Mrs O'Gormon wisely told her daughter to please herself, but the parish priest was called in to counteract the mother's lukewarmness on the important subject. It must be admitted that he did not back up the O'Gormon with much zeal, but he pointed out that obedience to parents was the first duty of a child. "Then, can't I obey my mother, your reverence?" naively asked the young girl. " Ahem !" coughed Father Donaghy at this. " I hops, my child, you will be able to obey both of them." There was very little hope of that, and so matters went on for six months without her seeing Madden. At the end of that time she lost her best friend on earth—for her mother passed away in her forty-sixth year. Madden was still in the neighborhood, and, as fate would have it, she met him ac- cidentally ; all the old love returned, and she promised to marry him when of age. The successful suitor had many enemies, and one of these conveyed the news of the meeting to O' Gormon, but he was too late, for Nora had told him all herself, and the scene that ensued may be better imagined than described. Squire O' Donnell and himself decided that the marriage must be stopped, and the male- volent young man laid a wicked plot to get rid of his rival. At that time there was a secret society in Ireland called the Ribbonmen. It partook something of the character of the Fenian organisation of latter days. According to British law membership of the Ribboners' Society was a capital offence, and many of them were executed. O'Donnell was a prominent member, and he determined to weave a web round Madden and denounce him to the authorities. It is not our purpose to enter into the details of the plot here, sufficient to say that by means of paid emissaries sufficient evidence was collected to induce the young squire to de- nounce his rival as a Ribbonman. He did so, and Madden was arrested. The trial came on at the following assizes, and though Madden had the best of counsel he was found guilty. A doubt lingered in the judge's mind, and the young man got the benefit of it in the sentence, which was seven years' transportation to Van Dieman's Land. Next day he was taken away to Cork, where the Panther was to call for him and many other convicts. The trial and its results nearly broke Nora O'Gormon's heart, for she knew that Madden was innocent. Two days after the trial her father was handed a letter, signed "Nora,"in which the writer stated pathetically that Madden had taken her heart away to Van Dieman's Land and she was going there to find it. As the choleric old man read the note and comprehended its significance his face grew purple, he staggered a few steps, and then fell heavily on the floor. An attendant ran in, but it was too late. The last of the O'Gor- mons was dead. A stroke of apoplexy had smitten him, and Nora was heiress of his lineage and property. If he had lived another day it is quite certain he would have altered his will, Meanwhile, Nora, with her slender stock or money, was speeding towards Cork as fast as she could in those days of stage coaches. She had no fixed idea in her mind, only that she wanted to see her lover once again. As she journeyed along, however, the idea en- tered her head that it might be possible to go to the penal settlement in the convict ship. She little knew the horror of such a voyage. The dreary voyage to Cork at last came to an end, and then she learned that the prisoners were confined at Spike Island, in the harbor, and that the Panther had not yet arrived. She pondered over her course of action until her brain was in a whirl, an she enquiries without en i about convict ships, the discipline and arrangements on board, and everything pertaining to them. This afterwards stood her In good stead, and facilitated her plans. She learned that the Panther would stay some days in harbor, and at last she made up her mind to try and stow away on board the ship. She worked out her plans to a nicety, and one old tar whom she met on the quay, had once served on the Panther, This garrulous old fellow took a delight in telling the handsome young lady all about the vessel. He described it from sterm to stern, and Nora drank in every word until she had a mental plan of the ship. She knew where the convicts were placed, and most important of all, where the provisions were kept. She made up her mind that if she could not get food a few days after the ship sailed, she would show herself, and ask the captain to bring her on, which he most likely would do, as it would be very awkward to land her. She bought a huge carpet bag, and filled this with clothing, cordials and food until she could scarcely carry it. The Panther arrived in a few days, and all was excite ment. It was understood that she would remain three days, and then resume her voyage. The evening of the second day, the young girl was on the quay with her well- filled bag. There was a number of people passing to and fro from the Panther. The vessel looked gloomy enough, which was in keeping with her cargo of sin and misery, and many a heart she carried on board, whose owners were weeping and sorrowing in England, Ireland end Scotland. At length a well-manned boat of blue jackets put off from the ship, and Nora saw it was bringing the captain and one of the officers on shore. Her time had now come. With palpitating heart she hailed a skiff that was plying for hire, and asked to be taken to the Panther. This was soon done, and the girl's heart almost failed her as she was as- sisted on board with her heavy parcel. As she stepped on board, an officer came to her and politely asked what he could do. " I wish to see the captain, if you please," she answered, with a smile, (women are champion deceivers, if they please.) "He has just gone ashore, I am sorry to say." " I am a friend of his, and have brought him some things," she went on, pointing to the bag. " He will not be long, I am sure, as he expected me. Could I not wait in his cabin until his return." The speaker was handsome, well-dressed, a lady without doubt, and a friend of the captain. " Of course, you can. I will conduct you there," was the ready answer. Left alone in the cabin, she at once started operations. Guided by the knowledge she possessed she made her way to the stern end of the ship, and, descending a companion way, found herself near the store-room; the door was open and an immense quantity of provisions and casks were in the place. It was an unusual place to stowaway, but as it turned out she selected the best possible quarter of the ship. She had no difficulty in finding a secure hiding place, and by means of canvas she made it fairly comfortable, although she was not thinking much of that. The upper part of the ship appeared to be de- serted, as most of the men had gone on shore. The excitement and fatigue of what she had recently undergone overcame her, and, sinking into a deep sleep, she did not awake until the dim light told her it was morning. Her heart beat with joy, for she knew by the motion of the vessel that it was under weigh. Days went by like this, and then a she began to feel the strain of the close confine- ment. Getting bo:der as time went on, she took all the exercise she could within her narrow limits. She lost count of the days, but she thought two months had gone by, and one morning she heard the purser in the store-room telling someone that sickness had broken cut amongst the convicts below. This almost drove her mad, as her first thought was of Madden, and she would have given the world, if she owned it, to know if he were really sick. More weeks passed, and then she took a desperate resolve. Several suits of sailor's clothes were in the store-room, and one of these she donned. Certainly, she did not look much like a sailor, but, if not scrutinised too closely, she would pass muster. For several nights she was baulked of her pur- pose by the door being locked, but at length it was left open, and she passed out. She went along until she came to the companion way, and then boldly descended to the lower deck. Faint lights were burning at one end, and she went timidly towards them. It was, as she had suspected, the ho pital. She peeped in. Two or three convict attendants were the only moving occupants. The crew and officers did not care to visit this plague spot. The rough attendants scarcely looked at her as she walked along the row of stretchers seek- ing the face she wished, yet dreaded, to see. It was not there, and with a joyful heart she returned to her hiding-place. Time flew on, and something impelled her to again visit the hospital. This time she found her lover in the crowded lazar house, raving in delirium and calling for Nora, and she was standing by his side. She never forgot the anguish of that time. Night after night she visited him, bringing him little drinks from the cordials she had in her bag. No one noticed her; they seemed dazed. She was in her hiding-place attired in her proper costume, for she had heard it said the night previously that land would be reached soon, when she felt the vessel quiver and next moment she was thrown on her face. Rising instantly, she rushed out of the store- room for the hospital, and as she went along she knew by the indescribable confusion that something serious had happened. The convicts were rushing madly about as she entered the hospital. " The vessel is sink- ing," she heard on every hand. Standing at the bedside of Paul Madden, she prayed that he might yet be spared her, and there she stood until the water came rushing in. At last, endowed with a strength, not her own, she lifted the wasted form in her arms and carried him out. The rising waters soon overtook them, but she still held to the man she loved, and how they were saved has al- ready been told. When they were brought ashore, at Sul- livan's Cave, Madden was taken to the con- vict barracks and placed in the hospital at- tached to it, whilst Nora O'Gorman was taken charge of by the kind-hearted wife of the captain, who commanded the vessel which saved them. It was a hard battle with death that both cf them fought. The terrible strain which followed the committal of her sweetheart in Ireland was intensified by the extraordinary voyage which the girl had made as a stow- away and its disastrous ending. She was within an ace of being drowned when she was rescued, and that, added to the other hardships, brought on a violent fever. The fine climate of Hobart Town, however, as- sisted her, and after weeks, hovering be- tween life and death, she gained the victory and gradually regained her health. Paul Madden was quite as near death. The immersion he had received after his long attack of fever brought on a relapse, and the treatment of the gaol hospital was not of a character to assist him back to health. The bedding, medicine and attendance were of the vilest, and it was little short of a miracle that he rallied. The thought that the girl he loved so dearly was near him seemed to give him su- perhuman strength to combat the disease, however. When Nora O'Gorman was able to get about, her first thoughts were of Madden. The captain made enquiries for her, and found that he was alive and working at the coal mines, and a week after the girl went to see him, and nearly fainted when she beheld the wreck he was. Through the captain's aid she managed to get an interview with the governor, and told him the whole history. When Governor Arthur heard her story he obtained a free pardon for Madden, who re- covered. The couple were married at Hobart Town, and their descendants still hold the ancestral home in Galway. Next week "The Ghost of Deadman's Isle" will appear, and will continue the series of Convict Chronicles. This lovely isle was, and is, the burial place of Port Arthur prison. It is the last quiet resting- place of many of the worst scroundrels the old country ever produced, and also of many who really were not scoundrels at all. 