CONViCT DAYS VAN DIEMAN’S LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES. \--♦••••♦ [all bights reserved.] No. 8. “ SMUGGLERS1 CAVE.” The two men were graatly excited, ana Chapman nearly dropped into the water in* stead of the boat. As they eat for a few momenta listening, they oould hear the murmur of voices, but could not Bee tne ■peakers. Then all was silent for several minutes, and the two watchers began to feel apprehensive that they had lost those they were pursuing. - .■ . . It was a strange scene. The rooking boat, with the two eager men, floating under the frowning cliff i of the ghost-haunted isle ; the voioes, which they Know wore human, on. whoso possessors were as invisih-e as though they .wore the fabled cap. of,...darkness;.the swelling sea with its myriadB of phosphorescent. gleams, and the,deathly silence broken now and again by the boom of the sea in one of the blow holes, sounding like the anguished moan of a lost spirt, wa3 terribly impres Bl Becoming impatient, the officer and his companion pulled round the rocks, but they had not proceeded a hundred yards, when Chapman, looking back, gave a cry of sur prise which attracted his comrade a a,ten m«rtf*incr in ihs sseqs direction, tne tion. Glancing in the same direction, the young man distinctly saw a boat making awav from the spot they had waited at, under the overhanging ledge of rock. Tne skin was catting through the water at a rapid rats, and making for the open sea, • . . “ They nave uiven ns the slip, and are going back to Hobart Town, J. suppose,” Bpoka. Trench. “I am too tired to follow them, and I suggest we go to the gaol.”. “Yes, that Sb the best we can do. I will see Mr. Eyre, and get farther instructions. I will ask his authority tc arrest Penfold on the charge of being an escaped oonvict. If we don’t take decisive measures we wi,i lose him altogether,” replied Chapman. It was daylight whon-they reached Port Arthur prieoD, and as soon as possible they aaw the superintendent and gave him an ac count of Penfold’s movements and his mid night visit to the isle. Go back to town, Chapman, and I will give you a letter to the chief of police, asking him to arrest Tenfold on the charge of being an escaped convict. Meanwhile, 1 will take a boat party to where you followed him last night, and we will searoh for the hiding-place he must have there,” Eyre answered. An hour afterwards the superintendent, with Trench and several oilier men in two ■mall boats, were pulling towards the islet. The lieutenent had no difficulty in showing the exact place they had heard the sound of voices, and in also pointing out where the gleam of light had shone,-a3 Chapman had placed a mark near it. Eyre himself clambered on the ledge of rock, and Boon reached the small crevice m the rock. He could see nothing, but on dropping a stone down it a hollow sound answered back, which showed that it did not lead directly into the water. Ratuiyiing to the boat, he instructed both crows to make the most exhaustive search among the blow holes and crevices which abounded. They spent nearly an hour at the work without success, when the practised eye of the super intendent caught sight oi a large stone, which partly blocked up the end of a deep gullet in, the faoe of the cliff. The stono seemed to have something artificial about it. Where it *,.^;<i.jomed-bh’the--main -body -the . juncture -was • Unite apparent, instead of being covered with marine incrustations. The channel of the gullet waB wide enough to permit the entrance of a fairly Bizea boat, while it was of unknown depth. Ordering the crew to pull into it, he critically examined the rock, and was quite convinced it had recemly been removed. With an effort ha tried to stir it, but it re mained firm. Ha was praising against it from the top at first, but gradually be tried it from other points, and he had scarcely tonohed the right-hand Bide, when it swung baok as easily almost ae a door, revealing ihe continuation of the channel; An afser ex amination Bhowed that the stone really worked on a rough pivot artifically contrived, and that very great labor must have been in volved in the task of fitting it. , Pealing now that.they were on the eve of a discovery of th3 island mystery, the party waited impatiently until the second boat had been despatched1 to the gaol for lights, which had not been brought. These were soon got, and with them the party essayed the task of exploring the ocean cave. It turned to the west a few yards inside the Btone, and pro ceeded for about fifty feet, getting broader and higher as they advanced. Suddenly it Bnded in a magnificent rock-chamber, where the water ran out on a tiny sandy beach. Much surprised, the party stepped out and • found the floor eloped upwards until it was fifteen feet above aea level, and then it branohed off in numerous small chambers or passages. In most of these the signs c! human habitation were everywhere visible. One of the best, which was the bedroom of the cave occupant, was comfortably furnished ind in another a large number ofcaske were, stored. The superintendent examined these, and to his astonishment found them to oon tain rum, gin, brandy, and whisky, whilst several oases of tobacco were also in the cavern. Evidently smuggling was being oarried on, but by whom or how managed was a mystery to him. The occupant (for only one bed could be found) was evidently fond of reading, and must surely be extremely vain, as quite a number of looking-glasses of all shapes and sizes were found, and the books and papers were namerou9 for these times. „ After a rigid search, and finding nothing" more of consequence, the superintendent de cided to leave Lieutenant Trench in charge of the cave with three soldiers, and hp gave most emphatic orders that the contraband artioles should not be touched. \ • After oallingin tbesecond boat he departed, leaving the first in the cavern in case Trench \- should require it. That evening, after send ing word to the Hobart Town authorities, hi decided to pay a second visit to the cavern and take provisions for its little garri son, l^hen he reached the great chamber the boat was still moored there, but no response was given to his repeated signals. “By heaven,” he exclaimed, “if these fellows have broached the spirits I will make an example of them.” Jumping ont, he walked np the slope of the first chamber, and ahead of him the plaoe was m darkness, and, irritated at what he oonceived was gross neglect on the part of the guard, he walked quiokly in the direction of tiid storeroom. He was nearing it, when in the gloom he stnmbled against something and almost fell. The lights coming up he bbw it was the prostrate body of one of the men, and one look was "sufficient to show that he was not sleeping but dead. Startled at this discovery, the men at once searched farther, and at the door of the spirit room they found the dead body of Lieutenant Trench. The mystery was soon explained, for lying in a drunken sleep, with a broached keg of whisky beside them, were the remain ing two soldiers, Fiynn and Ormond. ■ It subsequently transpired that after Eyre’s party left the soldiers deoided to have some of the spirits, and asked the young officer’s permission, whioh he peremptorily refused. They were determined to have it, and told him so ; but he threatened to shoot the first man that tried to enter the spirit cavern. Placing himself at the door to carry out his threat, he did not think the men would prooeed to extremes, but they did. The three were making & rush at him, when he fired dnd killed one (Butler), but the next moment he himself fell dead, shot by the remaining two. Theie men got at the drink, and though they meant to take the boat and eeeape, they leeime overpowered by the potent spirits, ind wera found as described. They were fttrwixds binged it Hobart Town. Superintendent Evre wa3 much grieved over the tragedy that had occurred in the cave, not only lor the loss ol a promieing young officer, but also because he had now only one witneBS to the visit ol Greeves and Penfold to the islet, and, without doubt, to the cavern. Three days afterwards he received intel ligence that Penfold had been found as a stowaway on board the Argus, and, nnder circumstances which left no donbt that one of the offioere or men had connived at his at tempted free passage. Chapman strongly urged the authorities to arrest Grooves, but ad there wa3 no direct oharge against him, they refused to do so. The efforts of the Super intendent and his men against Psnfold would most probably not have secured a conviction against him either, had it net been for an accidental discovery, which cleared up more than one mystery. The attempt to connect Penfold with the escaped convict- of six years previously broke down Citerly. Ia the first place, he insisted that his name was Tregurtha, and the man who heard him called Penfold was dead, and in appearance he did not resemble the missing felon. As showing a weak point in the convict management, the description of “No, 12S9” had been given in -1S11, .nearly twenty four years previously, and it certainly did not correspond with the cid grey-headed Tregurtha ; yet he was kept under arrest while enquiries were made, regarding the contraband spirits and tobacco found in the Chapman took a leading part in the in vestigation, but the more he enquired, the more puzzled he became. lie couid not in any way connect Tregurtha with the affair. He found that his prisoner had owned a comfortable farm,at Now Norfolk some three years previously /when he had sold it for a considerable amount, and it was by merest accident he stumbled on the truth. In the eastern end of Hobart Town was an hotel, of bad repute, called tho “ Live and Lat Live Inn.” It was the resort of very ■ questionable characters, but its owner was understood to be rapidly amassing a fortune, fco that the business must have been lucura Chapman was passing this publio-houss i one afternoon, when he saw Officer Greeve* 1 coming out of it. He was surprised at this, I as the place was not resorted to by “ offioere | and gentlemen.” With the instinct of the j born detective he scented a discovery, and j crossing the road, he osrelessly strolled into j the hotel. The bar was filled with rough- j looking fellows, and as Chapman called for his drink he critically surveyed firet the occupants and then the appurtenances of the bar. There was a number of bottles around, but most of the drink was being served out of small casks, whiah stood on a small bench. These fixed the detective’s eyes, and he began | to wonder where he had seen similar ones, j His memory was soon refreshed. It was in the | fatal cavern of Deadman’s Isle. His interest, j which was at first suddenly aroused by this | discovery, scon abated, as he reflected that j there were probably thousands of casks i similar to those in the cave. Yet, as he j thought, it again occurred to him that j smuggling would not be carried on unless j there was a market for the contraband j articles, and the only market thereabouts \ was Hobart Town. The truth flashed on j him. The midnight visit to the cave was j for the purpose of obtaining a supply for sale in the town. This decided him, and he went to the chief of police and acquainted him with his suspicions. Specimens of the articles found in the cave were in that func tionary’s office, and ho decided to send a polite message to Duncan McLeod, owner of the Live and Let Live Hotel, that he wished to see him. That person was coneiderably troubled when he got the message, lor he thonght he w.as .aboflt. to xeceivn-a, warning.ahputtluLj oharaoter of his house; but as he dared not | disobey it. he was soon in the- presence of the chief and Chapman. The offioer came I down on him like a thunderbolt, j “I want the name of the party or parties from whom you buy your smuggled drink and tobaccoj?” was his abrupt question. McLeod turned a siokly green, and seemed too embarrassed to answer. ! “Let me tell you, McLeod, that if yon are I wise you will answer. If yon do so yon will not be punished, but if not you will bo ar rested as an accomplice of the smugglers. Look here,” he went on, lifting up a curtain and revealing the articles taken from the cave, “ we already have made the seizure, and have our hand on the maD, but he sayc you are the principal, and gave us informa tion that induced me to send a man to your hotel, where he saw the smuggled drink in the kegs. We don’t believe that you are the principal,” “ Why, the hound,” burnt out McLeod, “ I never smuggled a drop ; I only bought it from him, and gave him a good prioe, too. I can prove 1 never did, and there is some officer from the Argus mixed up in it, as he visited the house to-day, and asked for the money I owe Tregurtha. He told me enough to make me give it to him.” How long have you been getting the liquor from Tregurtha 7” asksd Chapman. “ More than four years.” That evening Second-officer Greeves was i considerably astonished at being arrested on a charge of defrauding His Majesty’s revenue, and gradually the whole strange Btory leaked out as evidence was accumulated. The de- j tails of the trial would not be very interest ing, so that a short sketch will be more ac* cept&ble.; It appears that Greeves was formerly a seaman with Tenfold, under Captain Tre mayne, when the latter was sentenced to life transportation for the attempted mutiny. He gradually worked himself up in bis pro fession until iu 1S27 he was third officer on 1 board the Argus. This vessel was sent to j Hobart Town, and, finding his aid mate and 1 warm friend Tenfold was still alive in the Hobart Town prison, he decided to release | him if possible. j Tbe smuggling spirit was strong in him, * and he had on board a quantity of contra 1 baud iiquer. McLeod was a turnkey in the i gaol, and by judicious bribery he effected j Tehlold’s escape. Two days previously ! Greeves, with a party of pleasure-seekers, I had been oh ,& visit to Deadman’s Island, j and Greeves, noticing the cavern, which did * not then have the pivot stone in front, de cided it would be 'a good hiding-place for the convict. Buying a small boat, he brought Penfold to it, and on exploration the cavern was found to bs a good retreat. Here the emoggied drink was brought, and Greeves kept up a supply of it to hi3 accomplice on Deadman’s Isle, who, in disguise, disposed of it in Hobart Town, and the two were rapidly making a fortune. Penfold had studied optics, and by the means of glasses lie was able to produce the ghost on the cliff in order to frighten of! intruders, but it had the effect of leading to his capture. Tbe trial resulted in Greeves receiving five years’ imprisonment, and Tenfold being sent back to his life servitude. A year later these two men finally escaped under extraordinary circumstances, whioh will be ‘detailed in a future Chronicle. The history of these two men proves that natural brain-power and force of character will assert themselves, no matter in what difficult circumstances they may be placed. Here was Penfold—a chained and well- j guarded felon—who found meaoB on two successive occasions to escape the vigilance j j of his guards, and finally escape altogether; | j although it may well be understood that he j I was much more carefully watched alter his I re-capture than he waB before. ! And then there was Greeves. a man of no j education, who bad worked himself up from I the lowest rung of the seafaring ladder, ana | had attained a position of responsibility; j and who finally contrived to escape with hid friend, in epite of almost insuperable diffi-' cnltieB. “ Chained to a Bock ” will be the name of next week's Conviot Chronicle, It will prove one of the most thrilling of the series, and show what terrible hardships a human being can undergo and still live; and,stranger still, desire to lire, 