AVATCTIING THE GHOST DAXCE. A correspondent of tho J'/iilndclji/titi 1':y describes how, ;i week or two ago, Iuj witnessed a ghost dance among the (Sioux, near Wounded Knee Creek. It was daybreak when the correspondent and two or three companions, among them a half-breed, named Half Eyes, reached a point overlooking the camp of the fanatics. As near as Half Eyes coubl estimate 182 bucks and sipiaws were in the dance. A big tree stood in the unuuic or Mio circle iormea liy Indians. Squatted ou tlic ground within u rudius of 00 yards wore -100 other Indians, who wore chanting witli the dancers. Many of the reds were in war-paint. Some of them were naked to the hips, and across their hig muscular breasts were streaks of red and yellow p'lint. Beads tinkled from their porcupine-fringed legs and eagle feathers hung from the crown of their black glossy luuds. Some of the dancers wore robed in white cotton cloth which was pinned at the breast and drawn over the head hi tlic form of a hood. Five medicine-men sat ou the ground outside the circle. They were old men with wrinkled, skinny faces, and as the chant rose and fell according to the vigor of the drumming, tlicy waved medicine-sticks above their heads. These sticks wore painted green, with handles fashioned after the shape of snakes. The dancers hold one another's hands and moved slowly around the tree. Most of the time it looked as though their ragged moccasins did not leave the ground, and the only idea of dancing the spectators could gain from the motion of the fana tics was the weary bending of the knees. Bound and round the dancers went with their eyes closed and their heads bent toward tlic ground. The chant was incessant and monotonous. " I see my father ; I see my mother ; I see my brother; I sec niy sister," was Half Eyes' translation of the chant as the squaws and warriors moved laboriously about the tree. The spectacle was as ghostly as it could le. It showed the Sioux to be insanely religious. Half Eyes said the dance which the spectators were then witnessing had been going on all night. Stretched upon the ground close to the tree were two warriors and one squaw. They wove in a lit which was of a cataleptic nature. Their faces were turned to the sky and their hands clutched the yellow grass. The dancers paid no attention to them. Their eyes were closed. O f a sudden one of the warriors on the ground leaped to his foot and ex claimed, " I have seen the great father ; hut lie will not talk to me because I stink." Then tlic other warrior got up and cried, " I have seen the great father; but he will not talk to 111c. I have no ponies." The squaw was the last to get on her fueet. She was a young woman with bulls 011 her blanket, and a red ooliro stvoalc marked Hie line where her raven black liair was parted. In a shrill voice she cried out; " I have seen the groat father ; he sent an eagle which picked 1110 up and carried me to a far away mountain. The great father told me that the whites would be driven from tlie country; that the Indians would rule the land and the buihilo and deer return." The Indians now danced with renewed vigor, and their cries were louder and more vehement, but they never opened their eyes. Bound and round 1 hey danced, some of them so fatigued from their exertions that they pitched forward on their faces on the grass. Tho strain was so great on the others that their faces were distorted with pain, but there was no stop for food, drink, or rest. Tho ghost dance is simply a dance of cruel endurance, which is far more barbarous than tho sun dance,in which the breast of the warriors is torn open. One by one squaw and warrior fell unconscious upon tlio ground, and as tlicy did so they beat their heads against tho tree and on tho sand and stones until blood spurted from their wounds. One hig Indian, whom Half Eyes recognised as Big Boad, rolled and tumbled ou the ground until his splendid face was amass of cuts and swellings. As one of tho dancers fell the circle was reformed and tho dance resumed. Nearly all tho dancers were covered witli .wounds from previous exertions. One of tho bucks, who wore a wliito hood and cloak, was smeared with blood, and lie danced in his bare feet. The sun bad been up two hours when the dance closed from tlic sheer ex haustion of the Indians. Tlicy fell in all kinds of positions, and many of them in cataleptic fits. The danco was over for an hour at least. During tlio gicat Dutch war, in the reign of Charles the Second, the English fleet ami that of Holland fought in the channel for three days successively, en gaging in the day-time and lyihg-to at night. As tliey were preparing to renew the action On the fourth morning, word came that an armistice had hecn con cluded. Hostilities wore laid aside, and the belligerent parties began to exchange mutual civilities. On board a Dutch man-of-war, which lay alongside an English vessel, a sailor showed wonderful agility by running up to the mast-head and standing upon tlio truck. Ho then wont through several mumjeuvers, and concluded by standing on his head, to the astonishment and alarm of the spectators. On his descending to the deck after this exploit, his comrades expressed their appreciation byuscricsof huzzas which had a sound of triumphing over the English. One of our British tare, piqued for the honor of his country, ran up to tlio top of the vessel's mast like a eat, and essayed witii all his might, to throw up liiiu heels as the Dutchman had done: hut, lacking the skill of liis rival, lie lost liis balance and eauie tumbling down much faster than lie had gone up. The lookers-on held their breath in horror, expecting to see him dashed topieces on tlie deck; hut lucidly the riggiug broke his fall, and he alighted 011 his feet unhurt. He shook himself, threw up his head, and in a somewhat staggering fashion, rushed to the vessel's side and cried exullingly to the Dutchmen : " There, do that if you can !" Tlio Empress of Germany has military tastes as well as lier husband. At tlio late grand review on TempleliolKolil, slio was in the saddle for two hours, riding superbly and leading lier o.wn regiment of cuirassiers past the Emperor. Her uniform as colonel was a habit of white cloth, embroidered on shoulders and collar with the red-ahd-silvor colors of tlic regiment and a three-cornered white fell. liat, with many ostrich feathers, in which she looked remarkably pretty. 