The Storyteller. He Fell Among Thieves.* CHAPTER XI. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY AND HENRY HERMANN. It came out that before the arrival of the Circassian regiment there had been a considerable exodus from the village. The high-spirited Christians who had shot the two Tchirkas from an ambush had been moved to that emprise by the belief that their victims were unaccom panied. Learning suddenly that vengeance was close behind, they gave warning to such of their fellow-villagers as were within easy reach, and Borne score or more of them took refuge together in the hills. When they judged all to be quiet and safe again they came back timidly to re connoitre. Finding the village street strewn with dead, they raised a terrible wailing, and for a while were more than half disposed to cut the throat of the solitary survivor and that of his companion; but being at length repersuaded that neither the one nor the other was re sponsible for the attack, they buried their dead in quiet, and left the Englishmen to them selves. They kept a trembling watch for the reappearance of the enemy, and held them selves in readiness to fly and hide at any moment. Eonald Morton continned hie friendly offices, and since the utmost skill could have done little better for Harry than to leave him to absolute repose he suooeeded as well with his patient as a professional nurse could have done. Mr. Morton was in a very curious corner, and though he had greatly more courage in diplomacy than in warfare, he did not care at that time to risk himself in any centre of civilisation. The whole civilised world was up in arms against him. More than one Government was offering a heavy reward for the apprehension of William Reid, and Ronald Morton felt such an interest in William Reid's welfare as no man of his calibre ever felt except for the great Number One. As it happened, Ronald Morton was known in passing to a mere score of people— the little Bulgarian bride and- her family in cluded—but William Reid had an almost world wide reputation, which just at present he wa9 very far from enjoying. He was sorely in want of a companion in his enforced solitude. That was a question of sentiment. He wanted also a well-bred, gentlemanly confederate. That was a question of business. He was one of the adroitest scoundrels in the world, and even in his retirement was full of schemes and plans. In the person of Harry Wynne, proscribed and hunted, Providence seemed to have sent him companion and confederate in one. He thought it unlikely that he would be put to much trouble in securing him, but caution was one of his most rooted habits, and he played so lightly round his theme as he approached it that Harry had no suspicion of him. He allowed the English newspaper to lie about in his companion's reach, and once or twice saw it taken languidly up and glanced at. He himself, from sheer vacuity, had read its very advertisements, and could tell at a look on what item of intelligence the sufferer's eye rested when he scanned the paper. There was no other reading matter within miles, and Ronald Morton bided his time with patience. Wynne was certain, sooner or later, to come upon the paragraph which concerned him, and Morton's only fear was lest it should bo lighted upon in his absence, and he should be unable to judge of its immediate effect. Hn watched his companion as a oat watches a mouse, but, as fortune would have it, though Harry was constantly taking np the old newspaper, looking ♦ The solo right of publication in Queensland of "He Full Among Thieves" lias been purchased by the Briahana Newsoaper Company. at it and tossing it away again, his eyes never lighted on the lines which concerned himself. Mr. Morton determined therefore to bring things to a head. He himself took up the newspaper, and read the accusing paragraph with a beauti fully managed start of surprise and a stare of ■trioken wonder at his comrade. He walked up and down the room in so perplexed and dis turbed a fashion that Harry was impelled to ask him what the matter was. Mr. Morton, suddenly gone cold as an iceberg and prim as an old maid, folded the paper so as to bring the paragraph into prominence, and made a show of offering it. " I have no right to pry into your concerns," he said, arresting himself, " but will you kindly tell me if you are the grandson of the Earl of Bridgebourne ?" " I am," said Harry. " What about it ?" Mr. Morton placed the old journal in his hands, dinting the paragraph with his thumb nail, and retired to a corner of the hut, where he sat down with an air of doubting watchful ness. Harry read the lines, and made a furious effort to struggle into a sitting posture, but fell back, groaning. " That t" he cried, beating the paper with his clenched fist as it lay on the floor beside him, " that is what I was ass enough to come away from! That is what I have led the world to think! The scoundrels! The villains! The liars!" What with rage and shame and the pain he had given himself, he could say no more. He lay clawing at the paper with his right hand, clenched his teeth tightly together, and stared blindly at the roof. Mr. Morton drew the clumsy three-legged stool he sat on olose to his companion's side, and stooping over him laid a soothing hand upon his shoulder. 11 Tell me all about it, Wynne," he said in a kindly, sympathetic voice. " I think I know an honest man when I see one." The story was rankling in Harry's mind anew, and it was a relief to tell it. " About nine months ago I lost about £300 at eoarte one night at the Five-Year-Old Club. 1 am not proud of myself now for having played beyond my means, and I suppose I pretty well deserved everything that came out of it. I found a man who did a bill for me at three months, and when the time came I couldn't meet it. I tried my honest best, but he was in an awful hole himself, and couldn't wait; or, at any rate, he said so." "Who was your obliging friend?" asked Morton, Bmilingly. His companion was taking him on to familiar ground. "A man named Whale. Herbert Whale." "Oh!" said Morton, smiling more broadly. " The fellow they oall Hump ? He's a very nice man. Champagne and cigars, eh? Five hun dred per cent per annum." " You know him?" cried Harry. "I know of him," said Morton. "Who has knooked about London who doesn't ? Shall I finish your story for you?" "Do you think you can?" said Harry. "I can try. Let us suppose that Mr. Whale is very desperately pressed for money. He knows a jeweller who will sell you anything, and wait until the crack of doom for payment. A most obliging fellow. Your uncle will take the jewels, Butterfield won't ask more than 30 per cent over their value. And -when you've been innocently guilty of illegal pawning, Mr. Whale and Mr. Butterfield will put the screw on your noble relatives. Wa3 Captain Heaton in it? Ah! I thought so. He's got the whip hand of the other pair. It's an old trick, my boy. It's been played over and over again. It seldom fails. They seem to have made a hash of it in your case, but they did very well with young Lascelles and young Crawford last year, and I suppose they have somebody else in tow by this time." Harry did not stop to inquire how this inti mate knowledge of affairs fitted with Morton's earlier aspect of wounded coldness. He was mainly ocoupied in savouring a new bitterness. He had been gulled by a device so stale that a stranger hearing half the story could fill in the rest for him. He had known himself a victim, and had now to confess himself a greenhorn, which, for a greenhorn, is as unpleasant a thing as can be well imagined. " You should never have come away," con tinued Morton, working towards his own pur pose. "A clever solicitor would have pulled you through in safety. They dare not have fought the case. But in running away you have thrown up everything. If the case went before a jury now they would convict to a certainty. You're expatriated for life, and that's the plain English of it. You dare not show up again." "No?" said Harry. "As soon as ever I can cross a horse again, back I go. I'll have it out with these scoundrels, and tell the truth what ever it may cost m«." "That's all very well," said Mr. Morton, pur suing his rdle of man of the world, " if you hart any witnesses to prove anything for you, but I'll warrant that Messrs. Whale and Butterfield were too smart to give you that chance. You Baw them alone. You have no evidence of their complicity, and I'll bet what you like that Whale asked you to tear up the bill when it came back into your hands. Did he?" "Of course he did." "Of course he did. And you obliged him ? of course, again. That bill was your only bit of evidence, and you threw it away. Before you talk of going back again, look things in the face. You'll go into the dock to be tried for fraud. The witnesses against you are of course the people who bring the charge. You have no witnesses to call. You own mouth is closed by the law, and you are not allowed to say a word. Whatever your solicitor says for you is tainted and not worth a straw. You get at least a year, and probably two. You have completed your ruin, and the prison brands you for life. Stay whero you are, Wynne. Stay where you are." There was no doubting that tho advice was ominently practical and wise, and there was little doubt, if any, in Harry's mind that the programme his companion laid down would be fulfilled to the letter if he returned to England. He made no answer, and the theme was allowed to drop. Morton stooped and patted him softly on the shoulder, and went away with an ad mirable delicacy into tho orjen air* The theme was buried, bat its ghost walked in broad daylight. Morton turned cynic in hi 3 Bpeech, and railed against the world. The worthlessness of reputation became a favourite theme with them. "If I were wrongfully suspectod and pro scribed as you have been," he said, •' I believe I should be tempted to turn adventurer. I'd take it out of the beggars somehow. It should go hard if I didn't better the things they brought against me." This, as a mere explosion of sympathetic wrath, was passable. Harry had no dream of its being anything more than that, and so let it go by without response. Morton let the Beed lie, but he had no idea on how stony a ground it had fallen. Even his most friendly sym pathiser oould hardly deny that Harry Wynne had been a fool, but a oonscious temptation to dishonour had never so much as presented itself to him. He was honest to the bone, and could no more help it than he could help being 6ft. high. The subtle Morton plied all the tools of his agriculture, threw his seed broadcast, and watched for signs of growth. None came. He was extremely open and confidential, as he could very well afford to be, since he care fully eliminated all truth from the statements he made concerning himself. He described familiarly that airy Eekewich in Cheshire which Harry Wynne could not remember to have heard of. Harry grew intimate with the place and with its inhabitants. He made acquaint ance with the excellent Morton, sen., a model country squire, now lying in the churchyard of quiet Kekewich by the side of his admirable wife. The narrator could only just remember his mother, and their common early orphanage was a bond, between the historian and the listener. All this time his devotion to his Buf fering comrade was really surprising. He manu factured a rough but stalwart crutch, by the aid of which in a week or two Harry began to get about again. He drew his comrade out in the long dull days, and found a hundred devices for passing the time. He marked a square of the old newspaper for a draught board, and they played on it with gold and silver coins. He introduced another amusement which Harry found attractive. He was a remarkable pen man, and could imitate the signatures of scores of omincnt people. He sot his companion to work at this, and in that way they wiled away many an hour which would otherwise have boen listless and unoccupied. Napoleon's tremendous autograph, Captain Marryat's copper-plate signature, Carlyle's grim crabbed first, Byron's sprawl, and Dickens's self-proclamatory flourish, these and countless others appeared upon paper at the bidding of Mr. Morton's skilful fingers. The invalid's fancy was quite enchanted by this new art. He pursued it vigorously, and to his own astonishment discovered that he had great aptitude for it. Ronald Morton began to have hopes of his pupil, and if he could but once hare broken through that unconscious hedge of natural honesty, would have congratulated himself most highly. He wanted a gentleman for his purposes, and was judge enough of what he wanted to know that he had found it in the youngest repre sentative of the house of Bridgebourne. The boy had an undeniable air of distinction, and it was a pity to waste such material as he owned on a career of honesty. It was a pity, too, that the look of honour that he wore should have been actually accompanied by the real thing. To disarm suspicion is the rogue's best game, and Mr. Morton himself was always conscious of a little difficulty in it. Harry Wynne would have found his own ingratiating airs super fluous. When tho two companions got to imitating eaoh other's signatures, Morton grew facetious about the business values of the art he taught. Harry met his jests with an honest laugh, which never failed to disconcert him, though he always hid his discomfiture. They had been together nearly a month before Harry's stolid stupid honour finally blunted such implements of moral agriculture as Morton dared to bring to bear upon him. Morton gavo him up at last, seeing dearly that there was no hope of a confederacy between them. Iv the meantime war and the rumours of war woi'e thickening about them, though, lying off the one main road of the country, they saw nothing. Morton had already had enough of warlike experiences to last him for a lifetime, and was eager to find a safer hiding place. Ho talked of pushing across country to Dal matia, and induced Harry to give him a half promiso of companionship. The sprained leg still made movement painful, but its uses were rapidly returning, and in a day or two ho hoped to be quite himself again. They woke up one morning to a scene of great excitement. The surviving score of villagers were wild with joy at the arrival of a handful of Cossacks, who naturally and wisely proclaimed themselves the advance guard of the main body, though as a matter of fact they were playing the rashost roving game, and had no supports within seventy miles. Gourko's cavalry was rather fond of this sort of knight errantry, and perhaps found it easier and Bafer to practise in a country which has but one road in it than it would be in any more civilised land. There was not a woman left in the village, nor a child; but the residue of the in habitants turned out in clumsy festal style, their great bearskin hats ornamented with ribbons, and cockades of rag 3 pinned to their sheepskin breasts. The new arrivals ate and drank of their best, and bounced and swaggered as only this kind of military adventurer can bounce and swagger. Overwhelming forces were close behind them, the whole country was in their hands. Sulieman had been swept away at the Shipka; a hundred thousand of their men were massed at Telicho; the war was practically and gloriously over. Bulgaria was free of the Turkish yoke, the treaty of peace would be signed in a fortnight, and the little Father was coming down the road in peaceful glorious military procession in a day or two. Every Balkan villager heard these fine tidings at one time or other during the war, and most of them lived to wish that the news had come later and when it was nearer fulfilment. Harry and Mr. Ronald Morton were too wise in their generation to say anything of the Cir cassian company in which one of them had arrived. They accepted the chances of wau. whioh like poverty makes one acquainted with strange bedfellows, and gave the arrivals t cordial welcome. The lieutenant in command, being pretty sick of a seven weeks' diet of black bread, onions, and dirty water, fell on to Mor ton's potted luxuries with gusto, and vow&l; himself delighted to have met so charming and hospitable a companion. Mr. Morton had provisioned himself as if for a siege of long duration, but the Cossack lieutenant's appetite was abnormal, and made visible inroads on his stores. The brandy and tobacco gave him supreme contentment, and when the meal was crowned with coffee he deolared himself in Paradise. He complimented the two English gentlemen on their courage in looking so closely at war without the combatant's interest or compulsion, and Morton, whilst accepting his compliments, swore inwardly to have seen the last of it. He would mount and ride to-morrow for Zara, where sweet peace reigned, and the the detective forces of Parfs, London, and Vienna were alike unknown. The day of rejoicing was wound up over a huge flaming pannikin of burned ram, to which the village world at large was invited. Sentries were posted, and the village went to sleep a little sounder than usual perhaps. The densest dark of night was over, and the first pale graj of dawn was in the air, when a sudden clatter of horse hoofs in the street awoke Harry and his companion. " What's that?" said Harry, stirring on hi# conch of rugs and skins. " The Cossacks are off," said Morton. " I never believed their vapouring. The Turks arr in force close by." " We'll see them away anyhow," said Harryw " That lieutenant's a jovial bird, but unless his head is lined with cost iron he carries a head' ache with him." The inside of the hut was in dense darkness. The two arose, groping for their jackets, which they had thrown off before going to sleep. Morton dragged the door open, and the village street showed dimly with half a dozen mounted figures in it thronging before the door. The two passed through into the gray dawn, and at that second there was a crackling roar of noise, a sudden belching of red light a hundred yards away, and Harry felt a vivid sting, followed by a strange numbness in his shoulder. Morton screamed and threw both arms into the air. He spun round two or three times with his hands writhing above his head, and fell back through the doorway of the hut. Harry, vainly striving to seize him, followed. There were quick recurrences of light and darkness in his eyes with every pulsation of the blood, a curious painless stupor fell on him, and he dropped on the body of his companion. The sound of firing reached his ears again, and the mad clatter of hoofs whioh had answered to the first died off into tho distance. With that he lost all consciousness of his surroundings, and lay like a stone for an hour. [will be continued next week.] 