ECHOES FROM PALL MALL, -A LFllOlt Quit OonniCHFONDENT. LONDON, 11th SKtTRMRtell; Ono of tho most ourlous revelations ovor dis covered in a Stato pnpor Is tlmt for whioh wo aro imlobted to Lord Wolsoloy In his artiolo on CountvonMoltkoiu tho UnitcdScrviceMagatitic. It appears that in 1841, when a European war sonmod imminent, tho King of Prussia mado n formal request to tho Duko o "Wellington, tiion iu Ins 72nd yonr, to tsko command of his army. At this timo of dny, wlibu tlio Imnionse reputation of "Tlio Duko" bos porhnpB somewhat faded in comparison with tho soicntifio abilities of tho Gorman gono- rnls, tho proposition scorns almost In credible, but Lord AVolseloy has soon it in black nnd whito ; nnd also tlio duko's reply. Tlio thing of oourso is not unpnrnllolod, for long alnoo tlio days of "tho gront GiiBtavus" thoro beon wnrriors who havo hired out their swords. Almost ovory nation lins hnd its Swiss, ono of whom defended his nation so gnllnntly from the clmrgo brought against them by the Frenchman of bciiig inorcoimry ; " wc all fight for what wo want most— you for honor and wo for monoy." Evon our own Gordon twloo .piiicod Ids militnry taicnts nt tlio sorvioo of an nlion powor. Still, tho ldoa of the Duko of Wellington becoming a foreign generalissimo sooms somohow to belong to the region arontod by Massrs. Gilbert nhd Sullivan rather than to that of real llfo ; ono would ns soon oxjioot to soo tho ir.ouumout Iii Fish- street Hill in tlio Plnco Fcndoino. Tho Hnmmums Hoiol in Oovent Garden has boon wound up "upon tho petition of tho bom- pnhy itsolf." So oiuls another of those old London inns wiiloii woro to our forofatliors homo nnd olub nnd Inn in ono. A most strikihg ghost story is told of it by Dr. Johnson in con- Uvotiuii with Piirsuu Ford, who dioil there. A wniter who lmd gone 011 his holldny, nnd did not know of his domiso, mot him twioo '"in tlio oollnr "—a curious pliioo for a elorgy- man to ho found. Ho gnvo him a mossago to bo delivoretl to a certain woman. Tho man curno bnok with, a whito face, nnd said lie had delivered it; tho meaning of it I10 did not Understand, hut when slio heard it sho throw up her hnnds, exclaiming " Thon wo nro all undone." There is a grucaomb simplicity in tho tnio wliioli oomoS homo to us, nnd wo can only hope it is not true. Mrs. John son wont to tlie Hnmmums to sift tho story, under tho prctonco of hoing cupped, Whioh it seems wns ono of Ilia luxuries the hotel nt that timo afforded. At first thoy wore unwilling to speak about it, but after thoy liiul dono so "she cnino away satisfied it was true." It is plain that Johnson himself half fioliewed it. Among the rocont " finds " in papyri at the British museum is an especially remarkable one, the vorsoa of 'a minor Greek poot. Heretofore everything In that language has been marked A1 in tho educational calalogno. Like a paint ing by an old master, nothing by a modem hand could lie compared with it. Thoso wild could not appreciate iin beauties woro nut oompetonc to uugo ot euoli matters. After tho Greek poets, but a long way off, came tho Latin ones ; others, ns in Eolips's ease, wore nowliore. But it is now discovered tlmt somo Greek poets' wcro ncit of tlio very liigliost class. Pliny wroto to a literary friend, in that patronising stylo wliioli has been used in all nges by tlie man on tlio top rung of tbc ladder to tho man below, tbat his compositions wcro really not so bad, " and ntnll events quito equal to thoso of Hcrodios." And now wo lmvo speci mens of Horodlcs. Ho was described in his own timo ns an " lamliiogrnphcr," which sounds liko nn autobiogrnpher, but it is nothing of tiio kind. His stylo unhappily, is doscribed ns " humorous." If there i9 ono thing in which the anciciit classics aro not quite so powerful as in others, it is in humor. A classical scholar was of late so dis loyal to Ids divinities as to trnnslato their offorts in tiiis direction into English ; it was called "Greek wit" to avoid mistakes ; just as we say " tinned salmon " or "Gorman silver," to pre vent unreasonable oxpcclntions. Tho humorous poems of Herodles, possess, howovor, the immonBO ndvnntngo of being "Bcriously muti lated by worms wlierevor, therefore, nn hiatus occurs the oharitnblo and cultured mind will bo enabled to conclmlo that (ns in tlie case of n second dosoont upon a ball supper) tho , " host things " hnvo boon already devoured. An inhabitant of Lowisham lias gained im menso credit for leaving "tlio remote Seotbh town of Dunblane," where lio wns spending Ids holiday, in orilor to record his vote for his native borough. A mnn who " travols 800 miles " for such a purpose may well indeed bo called "an ideal voter." But upon reference to tlio map I find tlio distauco between thoso two places is only 400 miles. " And enough too," it may bo rejoined ; no doubt, but In this difforenoo of dis tance lies also a possible difference of motive. It is admitted that this political hero came up trom Dunblane, but there is no record thnt he went bnok agnin. Now it is just possible that ho got a littlo tired of "the remote Scotch town, "andbegnn to sigh- for tho (comparatively) lively LowiBh&rti;, or its still moro attractive neighbor, Loudon. I lmvo hoard of gentlemen nttnoliod to town lifo finding a holiday in the country a little irksomo, and casting nbout for an oxouso for oscapo, loavilig their families to enjoy tho mountain sunsets or tho wonders of tlie seashore. It is not uveryono who has tlio opportunity of a by- cloction ; but when it does occur I can imagine an ingenious mind taking advniilnge of it. Tho latest rclio of Sliakspoare is interesting as throwing an entirely now light upon his favo rite occupations. It now appears that ho was one of those persons who delight in doing "odd jobs" nnd boing their own carpenter. He must have found all tlie satisfaotion this class expe rience ill having turned out a piece of work, which, though 'neither usoful nor ornamohtal, ib all thoir own, when he inscribed in copper nails on a denl board (liko " Welcome, littlo stranger " on a pinoushion) the self congratu latory words, "I bought It, I sawed it, 1 nailed it, I carved it. William Shakspeare." Somo commentators suggest that the inscription must havo beon originally written in rhymo. "I bought it, I sawed it, X nailed it, I gnawed it. " This last statomont is unexpected, but tho poot might havo been in wnnt of tools. Anothor view is that tho distich is in a provincial dialect, and tho order of the words is mis-stated. Un less he bought the board, like a pig in a poke, he must in the ficst place have had his observation drawn to it. "I sawed it, I bought it, lco,,&c.;" Though tho esplnnation may bo slightly obscure, tiio discovery is full of interest, nnd oconrring as it does at tho samo timo with that of tho Greek poems ou papyrus, presents a most romarknblo literary coincidence. It Iiob often boen nrguod ngninst tho theory of departed spirits appearing to tlioir surviving friends, that if thoy really did so it would causo the latter to depart " llkowiso by frightening thorn oat of their wits. A gront philosopher has left this wise saying on record, " I do not bo- liovo in gliosis, booausd in those who profess to havo seen ono I have invariably noticed in their relation of tho faot a manner quito inconsistent with so tremendous an experi ence. Any man, oven tho most thought less, who had seen a denizen of tho other world, would bo more impressed by it than by any other circumstance that oould possibly, happen to him. To havo boon selected from alt yoiir fellow mortals to witness tho proof of life beyond tho gravo is a reflection that oould not but impress oven a prize fighter. Wo should Bpeak of it with bated breath, or nob at all. This is not tho way tiiat people who see glioBts bohnve. Moreover, Intliooaso of ordinary persona endowod with ovon moderate imaginations, I beliovo it would frighten thorn to death." As regards this last opinion tlio story that oomes from Paris of the young workman Louis Oliauvot seems to disprove is. His supposod corpso was exhibited In the morgue and idontilled by his companions, who oUblied togotlier to givo him a decent funeral, while all tiio time ho wns only undergoing imprisonment for tho loss of his militnry service book. When ho reappeared to them wo are told thnt they were only "almost frlghtbnod out of theii'scnscs." It Is possiblo, however, that vome doubt, however slipht, might have remaln'su in their minds as to t' 0 faot of his identification. Moreover, it is a French story. / " I'l'/f not often that a great .calamity- provides its/own compensation. This seems to havo otdnrred in Japan. By tho eruption of linndai Saa, on the 17th July, 1888, tlio Klvcr Nngase, rtytning at tho foot of tho mountain, was dimmed, and three large lakes wero formed iu tlo distriot from tho overflowing of the water. ,he80 lakes have now bccomo filled with fish of /arums kinds. A great many men have conse quently turned their attention to fishing in thoso wutors, and nro tnking moro than 8 lb. a dny eaoli, from which it is thought that the villages will bo nblu to recoup tlioinsolvos in n measure for tlio loss they sustained at tho time of tho I eruption. i 