COLLEGE SPORTS* WEEKLY JOTTING?, Br Old Bor. " How much & dunce that hasbeensent io.roafii Excels a dunce that has been kept arhohic." These lines of Cowper's must be in the minds of those people whose duty it has been during the last few days to curb the exuberant spirits of the school boys after right weeks of holidays. The first few days of school see little work done, and the masters have to find out how much has been forgotten and how little remembered sinoe the beginning of the Christmas vacation. For some few weeks holiday yams and reminiscences will be recounted, and the boys who have been fortunate enough to have visited such and such station or port so and so, will put on any amount of " side" for the benefit of their less fortunate fellows, who have, by force of circutn j stances, been compelled to remain in the metropolis. The holiday adventures will soon give place to more important chatter in regard to the prospects of the particular school (and its immediate rivals) in cricket and football and on the river. There are three matters I wish to talk about, and which I would ask the various committees to consider carefully. First, the public schools of Victoria have not for many years held the united sports meeting which used (o be so popular. These were discon tinued about 1882. I see no reason why such a meet ing as this oould not be revived. Let the various schools hold their own sports and use them as tests to find out their best men, then let the five public j schools send two representatives for each race, and | let the programme include the usual items. If the leading spirits in our schools were to take this idea upl am sure that the meeting would come off. No prizes should be awarded, except sav a shield for the school (mining "the highest number of (mints, to be held each year by the successful school, which would ! be styled " Athletic Champions for " such- and-such a year. I have often thought of this liefore, but last week I had a long chat with one of our leading school sports, and he advocated the idea very strongly, and he intends to take the matter up. The Melbourne Cricket- ground oould l>e procured, and if the meeting were held on a Saturday the reserves would be thronged. beooudly, there is the much vexed question of the status of the private schools. At pics en t we have Geelong College at the top of the live, land the olher schoqls refusing to meet them but playing among themselves. In this column on the 20 th July lost I advocated a private schools^ssociation. Since then nothing has, J believe, been done in the matter. We have such a thing occurring under the present ar rangements as one school claiming the premiership when pther schools are willing and anxious to meet it. The idea 6et forth in this column in the middle of last year was this That schools such as Toorak College, Kew High School, Brighton Grammar School, Carlton College, Geelong College, Holy Ghost j College (Ballarat), King's College, and ]>erliaps one or two others might form an association and play premierehip matches. Then at the end of the season a match oould be arranged between the premiers of : the public schools and of the private schools. This would give everyone a show, and our premiership*) would have some value. Below this private schools association there might be a junior association from which the leading team might be allowed to graduate to the private schools association, changing places with thelast club in the P.S.A. Now to oome to the third matter. The headmaster of one,of the leading private schools spoke to me the other-day about the -grounds upon which the various -matches are played. For instance at football, the, lirivate ground of the. Brighton Grammar-school is known as Ailee's-paddook, trees arc dotted about all over the ground, and it is Osgood as two goals to the B.G.B. if thev play there. "jCoiho," the Toorak College ground, and the Kew High School give an equal advantage to the home team. The gentleman to whom I spoke stud that he thought all matches "should tje played on a cricket, ground and not on the schools' private grounds. I must Bay I agree with hiin, and I hope to see all matches played on a ground which favours neither ride. A week or two back I gave a table of the public school sports for 1890. 1 included "Shooting" as ohe of the'four sports. -Mr. Adamson, of Wesley College, whoml liave to thauk for many of the ideas above expressed, has called my atteution to the fact that shooting is not included in the sports mentioned in the " Public School Regulations,'' and therefore that it Should not oountas a school sport. So far I agree with him, but my idea in including shooting was to include any "legitimate sport" In which the schools met. Certainly, as he says, these rifle matches are open to any school, whether public or private, as long asthe competitors are cadets, and it might happen that the public schools were not placed. J think that shooting should be regarded as « school sport, and as the schools have met, I stiok to the -table I prepared some weeks hack, and still place the schools in order for the " all-round pre mierriiip of the public schools" thus—Oeriong Grammar School, premiers; Scotch College, 2; Wesley College, 8; Melbourne Grammar SchooL t. The wore made by University last week against the Oolltogwood Bohemians, 447 tor seven wickets in less than three.hours, is wondeiful going. About 160 runs on hour Is terrific scoring. Alsop 100 Francis 90, Quiik, Shaw, and Nelso all played very wcIL Unlveirity finished their match against £1 Kilda bv winning by 188 runs. Francis again caine out with a big Bcore, his 90 being made with only one chriice (one erf Stumping). His cutting was par ^hiriysweet, and lie also made some excellent drives. Quirk, who has regained Ids old firm llemv andH. M'LeanallJ»tted to fine form. ' 