Mr. H. J. Wrixon. When the question of dual voting, or, as Mr. Service puts it, a vote in recognition of thrift comes before the electors one of the most powerful opponents to the proposal will be found in Mr. Henry J. Wrixon. No ono can'accuse'him'of truckling to the Trades Hall or any other party, and whatever ho has to say for or against a measure is certain to be based on sound constitutional': practice and in strict equity to the rights of the people. Men who talk with knowledge as well as sense not only command a hearing but iniluonco action.' Mr. Wrixon is one of those mem When ho rises in the House members listen with close attention, and his influence on their decision is gener ally that of a judge upon a jury rather than that of an advocate. Though a good party follower, he is in reality an independent member, for though lie may abstain from opposition to a measure which he may dislike, he will never suppoit one which ho cannot prove to be of intrinsic worth, Of him it may bo said a.lawyer - first-, a politician afterwards. Legal- know ledgo may be said in his case to havo been bred in the bono. He is the son of the late Judge Wrixon, and was horn in Dublin in 1831). He took his dogrce at the Dublin Univorsity, gaining during his course two gold medals'from the Historical Society in the history bran'ch of '-ffie^e'xaminations. Ho was callod to the Irish bar'in iSGOi-: Though his Univorsity training was obtained',in Dublin;'ais^a schoolboy ho was taught at Portland (VictbriajJ^having come to the colony1 in 18.1 (hanci stayed hei'tTtlil ho was l'J yoars old. 1 Ho did not'pTftotice^tfiuchfJh'/Dublin, earning his income by writing'for^tffd preslyfcill 18013, when he roturnod to Molbourne.^Theftpext year ho stood for Dundas, but 1 was defeated, Vpd-then ho settled down to practice in . the Supreme^Court, and soon came into prominence, being one of the counsel retained by tho Grown in the celebrated case against tho late Dr. Beaney. Another groat case in which ho wasongagod was that of Cornish and Bruce, tho railway contractors, v. the Queen, when ho pleaded at tho bar of tho Legislative Assembly on behalf of his clients, who obtained a verdict for £201,000. In 1808 he again stood for Parliament and was returned in the liberal intorost for Belfast, Good lawyers were.then scarce in tho liberal ranks, so after two sessions ho was chosen by Sir Jamo3 McOullooh as Solicitor-General in his administration of 1870. While holding office Mr. Wrixon passed the Criminal Law Amendment Act, which introduced Hogging for crimi nal offences against. women and children. IIo held ollioo till 1871, but in 187U, owing to a re-distribution of electoral divisions under the Amendment. Aot of that Uato, his old constituency was abolished and ho . decided to retire from polities, . For tho next few years ho dovotod himself entirely, to his practise as a barrister, but in 1880 ho again stood for , parliament, and was olootod for Port land. Tho momentous years of the Bony strife woro passed,.but though Mr. Wrixon had .not been In the turmoil, ho, like so many of tho elder Liberals, had hold baok .not so muqh frorn Mr.' Uorry's principles as from his mothods. Tho oonsoquenco was that when ho u-e-cntorod parliament, ho found his pluao amongst the Conservatives, Federation, howoyor, was just thou entering Into tho sphere of active politics, and Mr, Wrixon took up the subject warmly, By tho time Mr. Servloo intrbddood-' his sohomo for a Fodoral Council, Mr.-' Wrixon- was an authority on the suhjoot, and although ho- saw that tho plan would never ho oifootlvo unless - tho': Council obtained' cxooutlYu power, lie heartily -supported - it as a1 moans -of educating the colonies to-a closer government.' Whon the Coalition Ministry wis reconstructed in 1880, Mr. Wi'lxon was appointed .Attorney-General. It was during this period'that tho extraordinary: revival of the agitation for the oxoIubIou of Chinese from- Australia took plaoo, dnd'dho a'tl-ingonb legislation on tho matter led to the 1'ajn'OUs test oiisd'of-Alt Toy,- As most people roeollobty 1 Mr,'Wrixon went'to: London to oondUot the appeal of •■the"(Jovefumont-- to the Privy Oounoil ' against 'the du'olbiotn of the majwifcy of'the - Full-'Ooufit'l debliiriog,v that the colonies had no right to exclude any foreigners who came with peaceable intent. Mr. Wrixon's arguments in favour of self-govern ing colonies possessing the right by implied com mission from the Crown were held to be very cogent, but the House of Lords deoided the appeal in favor of the Government on the side issue that the colonies had a perfect right to make any regulatu ns they chose as to the way in which foreigners should be admitted, and that these regulations had been con travened. It was said that Mr. Wrixon went to London to press for a decision on the more important point. Those who knew the methods of the Legal Committee of the House of Lords felt confident that he would fail, but though Mr. "Wrixon did fail in obtaining a decision he succeeded in placing on record a great mass of very valuable information on the sub ject which will be of inestimable service at some future period. Mr. Wrixon was one of the delegates appointed by Parliament to attend the Federal Convention held at Sydney in March last, and it will be recollected how Btrenuously Mr. Munro sought to substitute his own Attorney-General, Mr. Shiels, in his place. Mr. Wrixon, however, was deaf to all requests or appeals to resign. For years ho had been studying the matter, and he prized the honor too dearly to relinquish it, especially in favor of a rival barrister. The instance is a good examplo of Mr. Wrixon's tenacity of purpose. He is slow to form a judgment, or adopt a line of policy, but once he has sought the matter out he is unswerving. He is not a brilliant speech-maker, but he talks distinctly and puts his arguments concisely* though nevor attempting to gain any offect by apt illustration or brilliant "word painting." He is popular amongst members of the legislature, for he is sociable in a quiet way, though holding aloof from the intimacy of political parties. His constituents have always found him a vigilant advocate of their claims in largo matters, such as harbour improvements and railways, but ho is not a " departmental crotter," and petty grievance mongers receive no political support from him. His name has latterly been mentioned in connection with a judgeship, but those who know him feel certain that ho would bo reluctant to quit active politics at the present juncture. The Eav. Mark Guy Pearse, in his Australian notes in tho Methodist Times, speaks of Melbourne with enthusiasm. " Sydney, wi th its beautiful harbor, is the queen; Melbourne is the king j and Adelaide is tho fairy princess," Bishop Handheld, tho Primate of New Zealand has dotorminod to resign at an early date owing to hii increasing years and infirmities. Ho attainod tin ripe ago of 77 years a few weeks ago and has boer suffering muoli lately from illness. Bishop Sitter's physical condition is saddening, He is entirely paralysed on both sidos and is almost con stantly unconscious, rarely dver manifesting sufficient mental activity to rnako his personal wants known, Mb, William Small, of Eydo, New South Wales, wh< died last week aged 0(5 years, was tho oldest nativi Australian, and was born at Eydo on December 1*1 1700, a few years after tho arrival of tho first fioot Doooasod laavos many sons and grandsons, and in 188i he had no fewer than 268 lineal descendants. Dit, L. F. Sachs, who died on Sunday, November 8, at his rosidonaa, Manly, aged 71 years, was one of the best known foreign rosidouts in Australia. Educated in Gormany ho'took the hi ghost honors at tho Berlin University in classics and modiolne. In oonnootiou with tho rovision of tho Groolc Testament his annota tions and comments have become a standard authority for,the loading doctors of divinity in Europe, Dr, Sachs was a colonist of thirty years'standing, tho last fifteen years of his lifo being spont at Manly, whoro ho . was universally esteemed for his kindnosu and charity, \- to the poor. His sons, Mr. L. and Mr. J. Sachs, like tho doctor, aro known and liked in Melbourne as well as Sydney, and thoy with his son-in-law, Mr. S. L. Lister, wore present at tho funeral, which took plaoo at Manly. 