????NEWS IN A flUTSIIELL. The stats known to exist number 100,000,000. There are 250,000 more women in London tlmn men. One-third of all the landed property in Rusnia is moitgaged. Glue fiom whale refuse is a new article of commerce in Russia. Rome is said to be growing faster than any other European city There are close upon 10,000 "professors of music" in Knglaud. l)r Dallingur, of Manchester, has seen a spider make his net in 35 minutes, India, it ii estimated, will produco 110,000,0001b of tea during the current setiBon. The German Government has 11 ironclads and 70 torpedo-boats in process of building. A petition to repeal the Liquor Law of Maine has been in'roduced in the Legisla ture. there are supposed to be upwards of 2000 Italian couky and waiters settled in London The Bum left to the Empress Frederick by the Duchess de Galliera was close upon £40,000. Tho greator number of reornitB obtained In Savannah for the United States Army are negroes. Seven thousand persons can find ample room to repose under the shade of a single mature banyan tree. ( roc diles, according to Dr Kemp, when sore pressed with hunger, swallow ti mes to reliove tho uneasy Bensation. There are estimated to bo 97,790 deathB in the world in every 24 hours, and 104,800 births, or about 70 a minute. Thechauna, or " screamer," a bird belong ing to tho family of waders, is said to herd with hens ana geese in South America. A wire made of pure cobolt mefcil will carry nearly double the weight that an iron wire of the same thickness will do. Dr. Dawson Burns says that the people of j the United Kingdom expe nded on intoxitat ins liquors in 1890, the suni of £139,495,170. The new Italian Premier, Ruciini, was at one time Mayor of Palermo, where he did a great deal tor the improvement of the public schools. When theeensua was taKen in Austria a woman, to prove that Bhe was 114 years old, produced a love letter written by her in 1790. Of the 2,800,000,0001b. of paper produced each year, one-half is used in printing, a sixth in writing, and the remaining third in packing. The whole body of the vulture is a hundred times as large is the swallow, but its wings are only fifteen times ltrger than those of the latter. Serious fiBiurea have been discovered in the chalk cliffs at the Needle.*, Isle of Wright. Should they spread, tho fortifications will be endangered. The med cal officer of Manohetter esti mates that 70 per cent, of the deaths among infants in that city are duo to ill-treatment arising from drink. Serpents swallow their prey whole, but instinctively, before swallowing, crush it with their voluminous folds, and lubricate it excessively with saliva. The numbor of cattle in the United States -on farms, ranches, and ranges-iB 52,895,534, as against C2,801,907 at the cor responding period of last year. Ill the Berwickshire town of Eailtton tho parish registrar has not recorded in his book a singiu marriage dufing the year 1890, a circumstance unparalleled. The Queen of lttly's pearls are tho finest in Europe." It is well known that the King, knowing her love for them, gives her a fresh string on every birthday. The insect tint lays the greatest number of eggsuta times is the white ant of tropical countries, which, according tn ProftsBor Hunt, produces 86,400 each day during the season. The cheapost railway travelling in Europe is the journey from Buda-Peath to Kronstadt ill Hungary, a di-Unce of 457 miles, for whioh the fare, third olass, iB on'y 6a 8d, or at I he rate of six miles for a penny. It is hardly worth while to dread a thun derstorm, ns there is on'y one chance in about a million thai a pert on will dio from a lightening stroke-which is doub'tess the moat instantaneous and painless of all causes of death. In one of (he most ancient forests of Ger many, situ.ted on the summit of Wiirzel berg, in Thuringia, as many bb 700 annual layers of wood have been counted in the trunk of some of the fir treea that have been cut down. A lady at Brighton (England) has inaugu rated a revolt against the despotism of the draper. The other day sho positively re fused to receive a button-hook for the inevitable farthing change. Tho whole staff was in consternation, and after rummaging all the tills without discovering a faitliing, they gave the Udy a halfpenny, wheroupon ihe produced a button-hook, and gave it to thein for the farthing. When the Danish lifeboats go out for practice on the dangerous costs of North west .Tutland, it is customary to make use of oil to still tho waves During tho year 1890 over 220 gallons were used in this way at the exercise of the boats. The value of Canada's imports from the United States in 1889 was 56,3C8,990dol, of which 21,737,025dol. were on the free list; tho impoits fiom Great Britain in the Bame year amounted to 42,249,555dol., of which 10,097,722dol wore admitted free. At Buston (U S.A.) nearly £1,000,000 have! been expended on the construction of sewers for the conveyance of the city's sewage to Moon Island, in older that it may flow'into deep tide water, and so prevent any - pollution in the neighbourhood of the city.; It is a whole day's t 'ek for two men to fell a mahogany tre.\ On account of tho splits whioh project from the base of the trunk, a scaffold has to be erected and the tree cut off above the spurs, leaving thus a s uinp of tho very best wood, from 10ft to 15 t high. The numbor of farm-animals in tho United States is estimated by tho Agricultural Bureau to be-Horses, 14,050,751 ; mule*, 290.532 ; cows, 16,019,591; milr c-ittle, in cluding those on ranches. 30 875,643 j sheep 43.431,136 ; and swino, 50,025,106 Among tho .vild animals of the Pyrenees, or border mountain land between France and Spain, are two species of bear (which are Baid to still linger in unfrequented parts, though rapidly becoming extinoi), tho wolf, tho :raird or chamoiB, and tho bouc-stein or goat uf the rock. A GHOST ON A RAILWAY LINE.-It seemB io sil'y to believo in ghosts (observes a Lon don paper) that ono never expects to meet with such a belief, savo amongst the unedu cated. However, thero is, according to the American pipera, quite a scaro on the Bruns wick an.l Western railway among both employees and passengers, owing io tho con stant appearance of a phantom that behaves in a distinctly comfortable way. For instance when a train is speeding along in tho night time tho phantom suddenly starts up in the middlo of tho lino, gesticulating, ahiioking, and waving its arms, as if to signal aomo un known dinger. Not only tho engine-driver and stoker hear tho noises, but passengers in tho train aro also ataitled by thorn, tho first impression of those who aro unacquainted with tho facts of tho case being that a numbor of persons have boon knooked down and smashed by the train. To ouoh an extent does this aliegod apparition spread terror among tho railway employees that, it is stated, the company finds it almost impossible to ob I tain m"n for tho night service. It might bo suggested that, to i llay all this foolish alarm, a searching investigation should be made. This, it may bo tikon for grai ted, would lead to tho discovery that tho ghost was somo miBohievm 8 practical jokor, who has boon playing his pranks under cover of night. 