The Story of a Literary Woman. —**—**— I HAD to do something. We were strangers in a strange land, and the man whom I had promised to love forever and forever, was ill—ill unto death. Luxuries must be gotten for him ; there was little money and everything cost so much. So one day I said to myself : "Other women work, why shouldn't you ?" Then I asked the question "Work ? What can I do ?" God knows what kind ! And I started out to get it. I was nineteen years old, had been a wife three years, and had known only a life among books. I had never had a doll, but I could not remember the time when I had not been the possessor of a book. A delicate child, I had really educated myself, and my book were my friends and my world. So naturally I thought, first of all, that I could do something among books. I went from one publishing house to another asking if they had anything that I could do. I was so little versed in the ways of the world that I saw nothing in this, and, to the honour of all the men I met, it must be said that every where I received courtesy and consideration. At last one man asked me, "What can you do?" And this was my answer : "I do not know ; but if you will hire me to sweep and dust this room, although I never swept or dusted a room in my life, I will do it better for you than it has ever been done !" "Well," said he, "you are going to make a success at something, and I am going to help you to it." And he did. He asked me if I could write anything. I told him I didn't know. You see I was a bit of a know nothing all round ; but I happened to have in my pocket a letter written to a friend, in which I described and gave my opinion of a sermon that I had heard preached by Henry Ward Beecher. I showed him this. He read it, said nothing ; then looked at me and asked "How much do you want a week ?" Here I was com- pletely at sea ; but a kindly man standing by me helped me a little. He told me to count up what I thought my board and washing would cost, and add a little to it for car fare. I suggested eight dollars. He said he thought they could pay more ; so I mentioned ten dollars, which waa immediately agreed to. "When would I come ?" I would stay then if they wanted me, but I had rather go home and tell my hus- band about it. Arrangements were made for me to come the next day, and to be there by eight o'clock. That afternoon, as I knelt beside my husband's bed and told him what I had done, for the first time I felt the tears come into my eyes, but as he put his hand on my head and called me a brave girl I grew strong again, and said, "No, no, my dear, it isn't I who am brave, it's people who are good."' I thought that then, and ten years later I still think it, and, please God, I never want to lose my faith in mankind. Ten minutes before eight the next morning found me at the office. I was put at a desk and given old numbers of the magazine to look over. This I did from Wednesday to Saturday. I read everything—des- criptions of the fashions, articles on matters of interest to women, even the advertisements. When Saturday came round and I saw the messengers from the cashier's office handing each one an envelope, I felt my heart give a great thump, and I said to myself "Next week you'll get one," but I gasped with delight when one was handed to me then, and I really didn't think I had earned it be- cause I had done nothing but read. I never knew how I got home. I wouldn't have opened that envelope until I was alone with my husband, for anything in the world, and, when out of it there fell a beautiful five dol- lar gold piece, there were diamonds on it that fell from my eyes, tears of absolute delight ! On Monday I was asked if I thought I could write an article. "I could try." Then, for a bit of fun, I sug- gested that as I wanted to raise the wind, suppose they let me write an article on fans ? And they did, and it was printed ; and from that day to this I have never written one line for which I was not paid, and which did not appear in print. Time went on, the ten dollars grew to be fifteen dollars, the fifteen dollars grew to be twenty dollars, and when I had been one year with the magazine that had engaged me at first, I was earning twenty-five dollars a week. I was at my desk every morning at eight o'clock and worked there until five, going out at twelve for a little fresh air and a bite of luncheon. Hard ? of course it was hard ; but it is just as easy to be up to time as to be ten minutes too late, and if you want to succeed you have got to work. One day, far in the summer, I knelt by the bed of my husband and realized that the dreadful shadow, that im- perceptible veil that death throws over the face, was coming to him, slowly but surely. Even then my work was near me, and, holding one of his hands in mine, I wrote rapidly while the boy from the printing office waited for the article ; and, later on, when everybody else saw what I did, who were the closest and kindest to me ? The men among whom I worked, the men who had put out to me the hand of comradeship, but who had never forgotten that I was, before all a woman and a wife. Then, when I was alone—all alone in the great big city—when I shrank behind a heavy crape veil that I might not see the faces of happy people, my work be- came more and more to me, and I grew to take such interest in it that my friends used to call my little stories —my ''brain babies." I took to doing everything then ; I wrote what I thought about men, women and ghosts. I wrote stories good, bad and indifferent ; fashion articles that were at least correct ; and even poems were not out of my line. More money came, and after awhile editors knew they could order anything from me ; and now, do you want to know the secret of it ? I will tell you :—I am not a genius, not a bit of it. I am a woman, and a woman who believes that in this world adaptability goes further than extraordinary talent. I am interested in my work, and that's half the battle. If I am writing to some girl about how to treat her sweetheart, or how to make her winter gown, that girl is right before me ; she is a living person, and I am talking to her. Then, I try to keep abreast with what women are doing, what they are inter- ested in, and endeavour to possess that mental something which reaches out and seizes the topic that is going to please people. I never try to write like a man ; I should just as soon think of putting on trousers. I do my best never to disappoint an editor ; he gets his copy at the hour he expects it, and he knows that I have done my best. I do not believe in waiting for an inspiration. Nobody waits for an inspiration to sweep a room ; whether one likes it or not, one picks up a broom and brushes out the dust—that's your work ; now mine is to sit down and write a story, so why should I wait for inspiration ? The inspiration comes with the dipping of the pen in the ink—the appetite comes with the eating. I was asked a long time ago how I happened to get the entree to the editors whom I saw. I said this :—"It was because I was well-dressed and they didn't think I wan- ted to beg." By this is not meant that one needs to be finely dressed, for that would be silly and out of place ; but it does mean that the woman who is suitably gowned and whose manner is good can gain admission into the sanctum of any editor. Then, too, the "open sesame" to success is a pleasant manner. The "cheery good morning" said even to the office boy, is so much bread cast upon the waters, and even if one is a little quick-tempered it is much better to reserve that temper for the solitude of one's room rather than to exhibit it in an office, because, when it is over it is a horrible anti-climax to be present, and, really, a woman does not look pretty when she is inclined to let her angry passions rise. "But," says the woman, "you say little of the kind- nesses of women to you." To be quite truthful, I have worked but little among women, but I have invariably found them kind and sympathetic ; and yet in the saddest time in my life, it was men who came to my assistance, and to-day if I had to ask a favour of one or the other I think I should choose a man. And so my life has gone on. There seems no special story in it. I am only one of many women who out in the work-a-day world have struggled, have had disap- pointments, had pleasures, and have learned this lesson —there is always a sunny side to everything, and when the sky is blackest keep looking out for the sunshine. It will permeate your whole life ; it will make your work good, it will make people love you, and there is nothing in the world that is as good as this. Look for the dark and you get nothing but it. Look for the sun shine and it's with you always. Letters come to me from women who say that a little sentence has encouraged them ; from men who thank me for giving them a pleasant half-hour, and from dear chil- dren who would like to see the face of the woman who knows so well about the fairies and the dolls and all the stories of the wood-elves and pixies. I am not loveless, for there are many who love me. I am not helpless, because it has been put in my power to give a helping hand to many another woman ; and when I sit alone and think it all over I give my thanks for the daily work. It may only be a word of good-will, it may only be a word that tells of hope ; it may whisper to the bride of her wedding gown ; to the mother of the tiny baby's little frock ; to the maker of books, of pleasure found in his pages ; to the actor on the mimic stage, of amuse- ment gained for an hour ; to the sweet singer, of the joy that comes of lovely music, and to the men and women all over the world, of laughter and tears, of pleasure and of sorrow. But whatever the word is, it comes from my heart, and for that reason, and that alone, it touches the hearts of others, and I know that they think me flesh and blood, and not pen and ink, although I am A LITERARY WOMAN. 