ITEMS OF NEWS. ! Mr W. E. Marsh, who .left Newstead yester day for Bacchus Marsh, "was the recipient of a handsome gold watch and chain presented bj the inhabitants of the district: Mr A. Nomej/ made tho presentation. / At the Police Court yesterday, before Drlfig P.M., John Cross was charged with in>b- behaviour, assaulting .tho polioo, and ufiiorn- scene language, and was romauded tilLr ing. Xiontly in Mrs Parkinson, who figured so ?mently in the Police Court on Friday on the charge of as- sault brought against her by her husband, was suspended by the Minister of Education on Saturday. She had gone o? in the morning to the Education Office, ?ing to be trans- ferred to another school but instead of her application being granted, she was handed her papers of suspensions. Tho following uoi- tho week ending May Victorian Rathy" parcels, horses,, carriages, 14th : — Passenir L25,9G8 5s ; merchandise, dogs, and jfie, L29,976 15s ; total for .the minerals ay; aggregate to this date from week, L3w0, L2, 933, 784 5s Id ; weekly 1st JuXweeks, L63.777 18s 4d. averaoomo mischievously-inclined person or Qt pa/Lbery at tho Stato school, Woodbrook. > have been stolen, and the water- closets , (fe _ besmeared with filth, Yesterday morn- jfg it was also discovered that no less than ri 1 panes had been broken in tho windows of the school. It is hoped that the perpetrators of this reprehensible conduct will receive1 well-merited punishment by the magistrates. , ; A board for the examiriatiou' of candidates for certificates as engine-drivers sat in -the Court house yesterday. It consisted of Messrs J. Naylor and J. Coatee, with. Mr J. H. Maynard, Secretary. Out of ten candidates wlio appeared, opo passed for a first-class certificate. of com petency, six failed, two were postponed, and ouo was transferred to Melbourne/! Mr Sleemah, the eandidato wIiq jiassed, is a ; member of the epgine-driving class at ; the local School of Minos. As already intimated, - tlio Royal- Commission op Charitablo Institutions will pay 'a second vjsit to Castlomaine to-morrow for the purpose of hearing further evidonoo in the Town Hall iij regard to the local Hospital and; Asylum." ''.It is! expeotcd that tho testimony adduced rolativo to the general management pf the Hospital will bo of a very detailed oharnctor, in copsequqnce of certain statements made hefoVu tlio Com mission whpn that body sat- here on tho 11th inst. A parado of the 4tli Viotorian Regiment was lipid on tho Camp Reserve hist night, thero bping a good muster of officers and militiamen iium anu -ocnuigo. xne regiment was under the . epiqmand of iouti-Cploqel Aitkon, and qomp vpry ,j ((teres tipg mahoeqvres incidontal to tho roview iii Molliburpq pi) Monday noxt, in colobratipq of tlio Quoori's Birthday, were pprforiped, Batisfaotovily. Tfie band was present, .and, on tlie whole, ' tho i.jrado was sueoessfully' carried out. Tlio visit ing militiamen returned to their . destination' by tlio 10.35 train. ; . ; The consignments of apples brought tp Lon don by the R.M.S. Ballarat from Australia have- arrived in good condition.. Tho consignments comprised 24,983 oases from Hobart and 000' eases from Melbourne: Tho fruit produced a gqod' impression iiv tho London inarket. ahd there lias been a good demaqd for,, it. .Half, of .jheisliipmenb has been sofd from W 13s' per pass. , ,,.Gf the.GOO dasos of .apples sent fropi ,Mpl - : bourne. 600; cases ivero , from the Bendigp dis- : tricb. Those consignments were arranged by; Mr Thomas Oraiko; of Axo : Greek, i ! and Mr Jmea Lang, of Harcourt. ; At tlio Fryerstown Polioo Court on Saturday, bofore Mossrs Robertson, P.M., Garter, and Hiizlett, Js.P., four boys named .Henry Han-' cook, Alexander Glonn, George Cribbes and Thomas ' Gray wero fined, the two foi-morLl each, and the others 10s each, for creating a!@te- turbanco in the Wesleyan Church during service on tho 10th May. Evidence was given that their conduct was disgraceful, and' that it had been going on for some tiino past. Tho Chair man, in addressing :tho defendants, .expressed his determination that if over such eases were brought before! him again ho would infliot the highest penalty, and strive to put an end to tho disgraceful proceedings. ' A mooting of the delegates of the. Oastle- maino District; Junior .Fpotbull Association was hold last ; night at Crawford's' Oorner Hotel; Mr It,' Gartside presiding. A letter was received from Mr W. Embloy, intimating that l(o'would civo tlio trophy only on tlio cOndition that no senior 'player bo allowed to compete j)h junior, matches. The donor also stated that any. placer who had'cbnipeted in a trophy or premiership match last year would be considered a sonior blaver. These conditions wore adopted. io was resolved that, tho, Secretary endeavour to pfoouro a Loom at' tlio Mechanics tlio purpose of holding meetings. IB l as a bo decided to invito applications from flel®ns w'1'1 ing to net as umpires in associatioii niatches tlio romunoration , being- fixed at is Gd per mate ) travelling oxponscS All, bluo was chosen as ho iissocialioh's colour.1 R- Pal'l8|d Chairman for tho soason, and Mr J- P- G"oy. was hnnointcd Troasurer.' --Rotico of . m®1'®!1 was uiVcn by Mr A. Davies (iaradalo) that the radius ho ox tended from 12 to 15 milo% Ats; imreod to hold a special meeting' on Thursday ovbhihg'tb consider this proposition, and to deal with tho selection of umpires. ; On .Monday, the 2oth inst., a team rcpreseii ting tlio associa tion will play a team .from tho Eddingtop. club, Melbourno. The juniors fixtures wore settled,, and will appear, in our.issue of tq-morrow. , In Christ Church on Whit-Sunday, tlio Rev E. A. Crawford preached on Acts II, 2nd oliaptur and 4th vorse— " They were all filled with the Holy Ghost. " Pentecost (i.o. fiftieth) waS' the ou front Greek title for tlie "Fehsfc of Weeks,, nne of tho creat national festivals of tlio Jon'St Whon ' Jerusalem was tilled witji visitors from every part of tho world. , Our Lord has ascended into heaven ton days previously,, having, told tliq, Apostlos to remain in Jovusalom for tliou' bap tism of the Holy Ghost, which would occunn a fow'days. This was what tho Baptist had: fore-- told as the baptism " with the Holy GlioBt and with fire." It was tlio Advent of the 'Paraclete who was to come when Christ departed;. The' points we have to notice are the appropriateness of tlio signs and the practical r as villa as exliipited on tlio same day. The first . sign, lyas ' th i-ushiiig mighty wind." Notjjing, .copld mF® effectually symbolize the Holy; Ghost., . Bptli i in Hebrow and in Greek tho word for wind is - the sanio as tho word for spirit. This is bocauso tlio work of tho spirit is invisible and. impossible to trace. " It bloweth wlioro it listutli," arid man caiinot control it. And thero was a second sign, namely, tho tongues, of fire. These signifiecb zeal and eloquence, arid would romiiid the dm/ ciplos of John's word about tho baptism of fig| Bo much for tlio signs that the spirit had The effect . was seen in St. Peter's S3j0d wheroby 3,000 woro convortcd to Chrmlfmg to lias given His Holy Spirit to . all p%jncj„ai profit withal. Ho lias given us th Some and leaves us to dovelop tlio u%.0 U30Cl our day Ho will try us to see how war opportunities. /Golden Square, i Mrs Mengan, hotelkoepoi/1.joug ncoj,jep(; jn Sandhurst, mot with a afternoon, a very simple nionucr/. floorcloth of Thojieel of her hoot was serving dinner; tlio dimngroom, wln/jeft hip striking heavily; and she foil dwnyfnit;ure. yu examination, against some of thg necc 0f the thigh-bone had it was found th/ been brokenA p|_ejy t0 ariso at Newcastle ; Further tjjgjng 0f t)le steamer Elingamit'e by over the m/g When tlie vessel caiuo into free labj/fjon lnell clemanded Is 3d per hour, portth-cess of tho ordinary chargo for uri- or 3d/ This the agent refused to give, and, 'o/iving the men a . reasonable time to re- aUT work, he emrased free labourers to dis- 1 /u'go tho vessel. Tho . Wharf Labourers' /Tnion lias summoned a meeting for to-morrow. Charles Massina, a lireman, 32 years of age, and employed at tho Metropolitan Fire Brigade Station, was placed under chloroform on Satur day afternoon at the Melbourno Hospital, in order to have a minor operation perforriied on him. Bad symptohs wei-e noticed,' arid every effort made to resuscitate liini, but. without avail, as Mussina died almost immediately. Ho was apparently vory healthy, and had twico pre viously been under chloroform. A boy, aged II years, named O'Brien, was killed at South Yarra on Saturday evening, through being thrown but of a baker's cart. The lad appears to havo gained the permission of liis mother to go for a drive will) her baker. . When in Tramway-place the driver left the cart to servo a customer, and the horse bolted. The boy was soon afterwards thrown out of tho cart, and when picked up was found to have sustained very serious .injuries. . , Ho was removed to .tho Alfred Hospital, ivhero lie died. Bishop Moorhouse has been thuudoring this week (says the London correspondent- of the" 'Herald ') against the Stato system :of "education, in i iiAui 1,1. wiuuii no uuuesuauiigiy declares to havo resulted iii " disastrous nibrakdecldiision," and to have generated'1 serious moral , mis-; chief." Ho is determined to doaikin his power, to save England from tho operation of a similar onaotinenb. A lively controversy has been qvoked by the. bishop's attack, and is still pro ceeding merrily in tho Manchester papers. ' ; Henry Malonuy, an employe 6f Mr M'Lennan, a contractor for water- pipes to the Government, met with an accident qt the corner! of Victoria and Gisborno streets; East Melbourbo.on Satur day morning, which had a fatal termination a few hours later. Ho jwas driving two horses i® a lorry pvor the ; crossing whpn,' by some means, hq slipped from liis spat, and1 tho wheels passed over his abdomen. Ho was piokod up and immediately taken to the hospital, where lie was examined by Dr T. Boyd, who found his injuries vory serious. He lingerpd -until half-past six o'clock, when ho died! ; ' ' - ' On Friday, Mr W. Hand, who resides at the Mountam, South Wandin, reported to Sergeant Waters, at tlio Lilydale police station, that on tho previous day lie had, .while searching for stray cnttlo in tho vicinity of Dr Singleton's, residonco, found a human skull,' which had . a holoinit, ns if mado by a blow. The sergeant accompanied Hand to tho locality, and -after somo difficulty the Bpot was reached1! and tlie skull found in a little mountain stream. It ivas brought into Lilydale,- aud now lios at'tlid lboal station. About tho year 1885 a mrtn disai) ppai-ed from tlio'distriqt, and it is nrohable that tins is a portion of his remains. - . ' d A|! Ploa'" of mineral gas occurred iu 'tlie South BuUi colliery pit on' Saturday, and a njuior lianiqd'John Trcsidor received very severe burns on liis. fnoo and body. In spite of tho terrible injuries ho sustained ho presorved his- presence of mind; and pluckily crawled a lonw d)stnnoo in tho drive to oscnpo the aftor damti! lyliich lie know would follow, tlio oxplosion. Whop | rescued the skin ivas hanging in tatters from his hands nnd arms, his chest was badlv sqorohod, .and (lis fncp, swollen almost past ro- ®9GH11tiu; . Tho noipp caused by' lho explosion was heard half a mile away. This' is, tlio' first fire-damp that has beou'expcrienccd in the mine fqryears. ,v, , ' ' j A serious arid extraordinary gun "accident oc- eijri'cd at Warragul on Saturday" afteriiooh to' a Visitor nanjod Mr Sulliiigs- a.student at Weslov Col ego. « Ho'w 8tte.n,ding'. prirt' of ''ihe' -cation'1 with friends at Warragul, and was'' out.shooting iq cpmpiiny.with Mr Albert Giirsidb,: son of Cau- tain Garside, of Surrey Hills! .' Tho unfortunate gentleman was walking along with his gun across his shoulder, whoii.tho pin which attached .bar- rola to the butt-ond of thogun camo out. Tho barreJs, of course, fell over liis shouldor, and tlio suddenness of : the jerk caused MrSullings to release Ins ho 1. The entire gun therefore fell over lus shoulder, and tlieiv two 'parts mpoting, produced a ooneussion which made tlio gun go olf. The full elmrge ontored the fleshy part of the thigh and inflicted a terriblo wound The shot, in fact, wont clean through 'the leg and left a cavity large enough to permit of tho in sertion '.-of. human fist therein. . Fortunately i howover, .the shot just' escaped the main artery. Assistance was procured as quickly as possible by MrGnrrndp, and the injured gentleman ivps M T n SI r.esld®11®®' ,®f Mr 0; Sargearit, the wound? W8S kniV dre8sed 1 Fivo hrindred- an -fqrty-three. thousand four htipdrod pnd ; bales AvoM have been despatglnid' frdm Sydney to England and the hbntmeii t aine'e 1st Septoriiber, apd during the samo period 27,745 bales have been despatched from Nowcastlo, making tho seasori's clip for tho colony 671,211 bales. . ... . , ' Mr Deakin is about to present to tho Minister of Agnoulturo n most important report, the-ro- sult "of a series of experiments recently mado in tho shipment of butter to India. During Mr Dealcm's visit to India, :lie distributed, a Lumber; (of tins of Viotorian factory- made butter at dif ferent points along his route of travol. This was done on a system.arrangod beforo. Lp.lgft Vic toria, and the market has riow boon fairly well tested with ; most satisfactory' results.' ' .Mr Deakin! ia. receiving reports from -tlio porsons m wlioao charge ho placed tho sainplos, and in over v " instariico tlio ridvico is that if Victoria can coiitinuo t6 send butter of ,the same i quality an inoxhaustiblo market " will, be - opened up. At present the Danish is the best butter sold m India ; but the Viotorian article, can be. easily, n'uido to compete with the Danish.. Tho point is to seoure for the . export trado . a sufhpient quantity of specially prepared,, butter, made at the factories, of, uniform. quality. Onoo this is aohiered, the Indian butter, market will bo largely in the hands of Viotorian dairymen. The distanco is scarcely half '- that to England, and if a successful trade can be opened up with tho. i._ .unin.' there can bo no difficulty, in seouring an'outleb for our surplus dairy produce iri India.,-.,,, , . . ,, , -- . . !- ! 'The contrast in the working ..expenses of. the railways in New South (Vales , nnd Victoria has oftou boon commented upon, Tho working ex- 'ponsos of the former reach an average of 5G per cent , whilst in; this colony the percontago last rear wfts G8'8.per coqt., and this yoar it may.be iircator It might, liowevor, bo pointed out that fn Victoria theJ'sum of L100.000 per year more is paid for co/1 than they do. in the neighbouring colony wlijim means "an increase' in. tho .working expenses'/i S i?®r cent. The items of gratuities ana arinjtftles iii this colony, come to: another'; 1 -j ce/lf;, therefore, the 66 per cent, is brought ui) to"® Per oet,t- The new railways in 188G-7 jji/-cre decliired open in this cqlony, and put /Ter the management of the commissioners, finio to 1,791 miles, and the noxt yenr there 'vns an addition which made the -mileage 2,329.- This was ail increase of 538 miles on tho previ ous year. It was, in other words, an increase' of 40 per cent., and this has to bo placed against' a corresponding increase in New South Wales of only a mero 7, -per cent, in new linos. The New South Wales Government voted, their com missioners a million of money to enable them to meet demiinds for replacing the old . rolling stook and othor things, and it is impossiblo to pay how muoh of that sum was used in reducing the working expenses of last year. 