6 THE NECESSITY OF PRAYER. By THE REV. R. HARLEY, JH.A., F.R.S., <fcc. " Behold he prayeth." Acts ix, 11. On Sunday morning, February 15, the Rev. 1 , Harley, M.A., preached in the Hindmarsh Square Congregational Church. Mr. Harley is returning to England from an extended visit to Sydney where he has ably filled the pulpit of the Pitt Street Congregational Church. He is of medium height and figure, with grey hair and'a short grey beard, and he possesses a keen, clever face. He is both a fluent and clear speaker and has evidently a fondness for children, as instead of reading a second lesBon he addressed a few words to them from the 6 th verse of the 55th Psalm : " Oh that had I wings like a dove, for then would I fly away and be at rest." He said, many wise men do foolish things and some foolish men do wise things. Now David was both a wise and good man, yet they could not defend all that he did or all that he said. In the Psalm before them David was speaking of his grief for the wickedness and oppression of the people. He wanted to get away from them, he would have liked to have gone to the top of a high mountain, or, if he had lived in Australia, he would have wanted to go away into the bush, somewhere where he could have been alone with God, and so he says " 0 that I had wings like a dove, then would I fly away." And others beside David had often wished for wings ; but it was a very foolish wish, instead of seeking to fly away from trouble they should seek strength from God to bear their trouble. But they could not help wishes coming to them, but what they could do was not to cherish or fondle them unless they were good ones, when they should both encourage and keep them. But God gave unto David something better than wings. In the 5th verse he says, " As for me I will call upon God ; and the Lord shall save me, evening, morning and at noon will I pray and cry aloud; and He shall hear my voice." " Cast thy burden upon the Lord and He shall sustain thee." God gave unto David the spirit of faith and prayer and so he drew near to God. God was always near them and if they would ask Him, He would give them eyes to see Him, ears to hear Him, hearts to love Him, and these would be better to them far than wings. He had been travelling in New South Wales and one day in a railway carriage he had heard a lady saying a verse to her little girl. The words were new to him and he had asked her for them and this is what they were :— " Two little eyeB to look to God, Two little ears to hear His word, Two little feet to walk in bis ways, Two little hands to work to Hia praise. God would make their feet swift, their hands nimble, and would give wings to their thoughts. And when the time came for them to die God would give them something better than wings, He would receive them unto Himself, and with Him there was fulness of joy and pleasures for evermore. After a hymn and prayer Mr. Harley spoke from the words contained in the latter portion of verse 11 of the 9th chapter of Acts, viz, " Behold he prayeth." The first man, he said, who had distinguished himself as an apostle was Peter, the man who had denied his Master and then repented and was forgiven. To him the keys of death and hell had been given. When the Jews authorised a teacher of the law they gave him the key of the room containing the sacred books ; so Peter was authorised to open the door of faith. The. next was Stephen, a man with many great qualities, endowed with Bpecial gifts of the Holy Ghost, eloquent as a preacher before the Council holding his hearers in suspense until he reached his point, and then, cutting them to the heart. " They were cut to the heart and they gnashed on him with their teeth." Their malignant passions had possession of them and they cast him out of the city and stoned him, but they opened the door of heaven for him. He was the first Christian martyr, leading up to " that noble army of martyrs" which they often sang about, but which he was afraid they seldom thought about. Stephen was a burning and a Bhining light but he was quenched ;by persecution. God however did not depend on <one man for the carrying on of his work, and he lifted up a greater than Stephen and put him in&is; place. A young man, a very remarkable young mm, a Jew of Tarsus, a student of <3i>;iniiy; he was the centre of a system of persecution, a man of great skill, immense iorce energy of character, but he was exceeding mad against the followers of Jesus and he persecuted them, hailing men and women and committed them to prison. But when on his way to Damascus, a marvellous change came over him, suddenly liis angry spirit was subdued. At noon when all was hushed, when he had jnparly complete*! his journey, whicli had taken at least six days, suddenly there shone round about Saul a light from heaven, and he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him' " Saul ! Saul ! why persecutest thou Me.', His companions stood speeches, they heard a voice but knew not what it meant, they saw only enough to know that something was in progress. But the message was not meant for them, it was meant for Paul, he saw what they didn't see, he heard what they didn't hear, and so he answers, "Who art thou, Lord?" And the Lord said, " I am Jesus whom thou persecutest, it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks," (goads). Saul was too sincere a man not to have misgivings, and on his journey doubtless he had been thinking about Stephen ; he had witnessed the violence of the mob, he had seen the upturned, peaceful face of the martyr, he had heard the thud of the heavy stones crushing out the life of the man who had beaten him in argument, and his heart had misgiven him, as he thought of his conduct it had caused him real distress of mind. The evidence without was now confirmed within. The religion he had persecuted must be true, and trembling and astonished he said, " Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?" He was a man of energy, he wanted at once to do. And he was told to arise and go into the city and it would be told him there what he must do. And so he arose and entered Damascus, not at the head of his party as he had left Jerusalem, but led by the hand to the house of one called Judas, and there for three days he fasted and lived and prayed in darkness, alone with God. And when the seventy-two hours were over God sent Ananias, telling him to go and enquire for one called Saul, for, " Behold he prayeth." Saul was conscious of his helplessness and guilt, he was smitten by the glance of Jesus, there was a great darkness both outside and in. When he was unable to control his thoughts, when he was in doubt what to do he turned to heaven for light. " Behold he prayeth," That was the first indication of a, soul seeking to escape from the corruption and disease and sin. When men found they were in the wrong they went and prayed, they felt they must pray. Prayer was the very idea of religion. All men of piety were men of prayer. " Prayer was the Christian's vital breath, the Christian's native air." Look at that all but widow, see her as she bends over that cold form and lowers her ear to catch the faintest sound, and with what joy she cries, "he breathes, he breathes." So he believed did God and the holy angels bend to a sin diseased man to know whether the soul called to God, and then a glad shout would ring through the arches of heaven, " Behold, behold he prays." It was a new thing for Saul to pray, he was a learned man and a strict Jew, and in all the rites of the law and ordinances was " held blameless," but he was a stranger to God, he was not conscious of any personal need. They took the safety of their own souls too much for granted. At one time Saul had practically prayed, " Lord, I thauk thee I am not as other men," now he cried, " God be merciful to me a sinner." Such a prayer was a true prayer. Many men said their prayers from their cradle to their coffin and yet had not once truly prayed. No prayer from an unforgiving spirit could lay hold of God, it was impossible. " Behold he prayeth." Yes, Saul forgot all hi3 enmity against his fellow men he remembered only his enmity against God. Saul was well known, Ananias knew him, he had heard of his work, reports of his cruelty had reached Damascus ; they had heard that he was then on his way to persecute and bind them and Ananias felt afraid to go to him, and no wonder ; but when he heard, " Behold he prayeth," all his fear vanished. And now, said Mr. Harley, was it possible that any of them had never prayed, if so it was the surest proof that their hearts were not right with God.- They might be very pleasant, very cheerful and all that, but if they had never prayed did they not see the awful danger they were in ? Maybe they were a joy in their home, an ornament in society, yet had they no longing toward God 1 Had it never been said of them in the courts of heaven, " Behold he prayeth ?" If they did not pray they could have no sense of God within, or else they would feel that they must speak to God. If they did not pray their life had no hidden roots. Many said prayers but words alone were a miserable delusion. Let them begin that day; take their fears and aspirations, their joys and sorrows, in prayer to God. Then there would be joy in heaven, God and the angels ,vould know that a new life had begun in them and cry, " Behold he prayeth." Paul ever after was a man of prayer. As prayer was the first sign of a spiritual life so it was the sustaining power of that life. Those fish which lived in the depths of the deep sea were obliged to rise to the surface to breathe, this wns imposed on them, it was necessary to their existence ; so with the Christian, he must rise to prayer, it was necessary to maintain his life. Prevent these creatures from rising to breathe the air and they would die ; so, prevent a Christian from prayer and his spiritual life would die. Prayer was the panacea for all pains, the antidote to all anxiety and worry, the backbone of all spiritual life. Pray therefore, pray. 