M*U* aud f bfcjto. DR. POBBS'S AMPUTATION KNIVES. By Jessie Fothebgxxx. Author of ' The First Violin,' &c;, &c.; Fall bights reserved. 1 It was the middle of Jane, and the London season wu at its height. Amongst the most bright and fashionable of the London houses had been for several yean that of Sir Theodore and Lady Trevor — a house which this particular season fm«l for reasons to be here after explained, not dealt ont its hospitalities with quite so lavish a hand as of yore. In fact, there had been a rumour early in the season that perhaps the Trevors might not come up at all — a rumour which had caused much disappointment to a good many persons, particularly such persons as love dancing. Rumour had not been altogether correct They did come to town, but it was not till later than usual— quite the middle of May — and, as already said, their entertaining was restricted on account, amid the Trevor* and their friends and Society in general, of Sir Theodore's health not having recovered from the frightful shock to his nervous system, and the TntTg and -lnno^rom- jUiwai which six months ago had followed upon a daring aud yet dastardly attempt upon his life, th^ authors of which had never yet been traced. For Sir Theodore Trevor had the fortune or misfortune to be not only an English but an Irish landlord— one of the better kind— whose well-managed estates, liberal behaviour, and careful attention to the needs of their tenants form a great stumbling block in the path of those who would fun do away with land lordism, aristocracy, and property in general as tilings inherently vicious. It was nearly noon on a brilliant June morn - ine ; breakfast had been over for some time, and the husband and wife were waiting for their horses to be brought round for their usual ride in the Bow. He was a stately looking, middle-aged man, with a dark, ratter severe, face, and grizded hair. She waa many yean his junior — a beautiful woman, justly renowned for her powers as a social leader. She enjoyed that society in which she shone, bat the passion of her heart was her hatband, and next to him their two lovely little daughters. S^weie lnnhinff over some letters, and discussing them as they waited for the horses. ' Here they are I' said Lady Trevor, starting Dp as the door wu opened, and the bstler fflmf in. *' The horses ready, Faning tan?' she asked. 'fto, my lady,' replied the man, coming forward and handing her a visiting card; **it*sa lady and ffentuman who wish to see Sir Theodore. They say their business is very important — that they know you don't know them, bat they beg most urgently to see you.' Lsdy Trevor's face darkened, and a look of tfl^nn^d ditpl^iiwurp crossed it. Since the attempt ou her husband's life she had suffered nervous terrors without number, and every stranger who wished to see her or her husband was an object of suspicion to her. As he was a busy and popular member of Parliament as well as a man of wealth and high position, it nay be imagined that Lady Trevor's fears were jttit now seldom suffered to slumber. 'Oh, what is it? Who can they be, Theodore *' she cried, with vexed impatience, going to him and showing him the card. It was inscribed: Dr. attd Jfra, Dobbs, Pkrcy Lodge, Jttuteadea. NowBastonleawasalarge pnA important town in the Midlands. 'What can they want? Dr. and Mrs. Dofabs— who want to see Dr. and Mis. Dobbs ? Perfect strangers — at this hour? It is most ^intensive and impertinent. I should send word that you are engaged beyond all possibility of seeing them.' ** But, as it happens, I am not. I can very well spare them a few minutes. Where are they, Farrington?' 'In the little drawing-room, sir. Both the gentleman and lady look very 'armless,' said Farringtou, reassuringly, 'and so fluttered and nervous, I think they are quite afraid of you. sir, but they are very urgent about it.' 'They bad better come in here, 'said Sir Theodore. \- *? Then,** said his wife, with heroic resolu tion, ' I remain with you. So do not ask me to go.** 'My dear, I don't,' said her husband, *' And, Farrington,' she added, turning towards him, 'do you wait in the ante-room before the little drawing- room, and if I ring, Ay here without losing a moment Do yon understand?' ** Yes, my lady.' In a very few minutes Farringtou ushered in Dr. and Mrs. Dobba, and having done this he closed the door behind him and departed, perhaps to the ante room, perhaps not quite so tar. In spite of all her nervous terrors Lady Trevor could not feel afraid when she beheld Dr. and Mrs. Dobbs. Honesty and innocence were written in every line of their figures and countenances — ** country cousin ' in every shred of their clothing. Their colour was high with nervousness and solemn excitement ; they were evidently very much more afraid of the fashionable lady and gentleman than the latter need be of them. These were assuredly no would-be assassins— neither agitators, Nihilists, Social Democrats, nor anything but a very old-fashioned, shy, and nervously excited country doctor and his wife. So much must have been patent to the meanest com prehension. Sir Theodore rose, and courteously advanced to meet his visitors. Lady Trevor remained a little to one side, awaiting the development of events. ' You wished to see me?' saidStrTfaeodore. ' Pray, be seated, and let me know in what way I can serve you. ' *' Most kind — very handsome indeed !' said Dr. Dobba, a little stoat man, with an honest, far from handsome countenance, and he fumbled ill at ease, with the brim of bus bat. ' We are complete strangers to you, and our visit, uniatxoduced and unanpointed, might well have been considered an intrusion ; but not, I think, when you have heard its object. We did not even know your address, ' he went on, spasmodically. ' till my wife— allow me to present Mrs. Dobbs— Sir Theodore Trevor, my dear, aud— I presume I have the honour— lady Trevor.'7 By this time Lady Trevor, endowed with a keen sense of fun, had lost all apprehensions, and was enchanted with the visitors. She bowed and smiled most graciously, came a little forward, and took a chair near the agitated Mrs. Dobbs, whose husband now proceeded: ' My wife takes in The Queen, the Lady* Newspaper — [Lady Trevor repressed a smile] —and she read in the news of the Upper Ten Thousand that Sir Theodore and Lady Trevor had arrived in town from BaUywhishlon, and had at once gone to their residence— here, you know. It gave the address.' *' Or a note to the House of Commons would always have found me,' said Sir Theodore, in bis pleasant, deep voice. ' But in any case, you have found me in, aud ? ' **Ves, I merely wished to explain,' said Dr. Dobbs, ' and now I will pioceed to 1113' business. I think yon will agree with me that if the thing be a mere coincidence, it is one of the strangest that ever took place. The matter about which I called,' continued Dr. Dobbs, growing ever more solemn in liis excitement, 'relates, Sir Theodore, to the dastardly attempt upon your life, of which we all read with such pain and horror about six months ago.' 'Ah!' exclaimed Lady Trevor, sharply, ' have you anything to tell us about that*' 'I have something to tell you,' said Dr. Dobbs; 'something which I have only learned within the last few days, and which will not let me rest day or night till I have told it to you. It is for you to judge whether yon will make any use of my information. I wish to ease my mind of its present load of respond - bOily, and then to wash my hands of the whole 'Well said, Peter,' said Mrs. Dobbs, nodding with portentous solemnity. At this moment the door was burst open, and the whole company started, so excited were thev, one half from die telling, the other half from the listening to the Ule. A child off about eight rushed into the roam, crying, ' Papa and mamma, the horses are thvre. Be quick, and let us see you start before Mademoiselle takes us out.*1 'Ah -' ejaculated Mrs. DobUs, with apparent irrelevance, ' the same little girl — one of them, at any rate.** Close upon the child's heels followed the butler, with the offiHal announcement that the horses were waiting. 'They must go back,' said his master. 'I think we shall hardly ride this morniuc V he added, looking at his wife. 'Certainly not. Send the horses back, Farrington ; we are engaged. Run away, Evelyn,' she added, to the little girl, ' yonr father and I are busy, and shall not go out this morning.' The child pouted a little, but obeyed, look ing at Mrs. Dobbs witlj a smile as she went ' I believe, sir, it was never discovered who your assailants wers, on that dreadful occasion,71 con tinned Dr. Dobbs, when they were again alone. ' No,' said Sir Theodore 'They got clear away. Perhaps partly because I did not pursue the matter very keenly, or — ' 44 No, you never would pay any attention to me,' said bis wife, reproachfully. 'They ought to Lave been tracked out and brought to justice, in the interests of humanity, as well as on account of that particular crime.' She wasagitated. She always became agitated in speaking or ^''^''r of that dreadful event. Her husband made no reply to her except a look, but he turned again to Dr. Dobbs, and said, half -jestingly ; 'They got off; as I say. Have you come to put me on their track * ' That I don't know. You will decide that, as I said. I have come to tell my tale. To begin— your children a short time ago had a governess called Somers, I think — Norah Somers V 'They had,' replied Sir Theodore. Lady Trevor looked startled, and asked quickly, ' What about her, pray ?'* ' We made her acquaintance, my wife and I, about nine months ago, in the autumn, when she was in charge of your little daughters at Ashton-on-Sea.' 'She was there with the children then — yes.' 'My wife, who has one of the kindest hearts in the world,' said Dr Dobbs, with an affectionate glance at his consort, 'took a great fancy both to the little girls and to Miss Souiers. We have no children, though we are very fond of them, and we like young children and their society.' ' Ah !' said Lady Trevor, looking compas sionately at Mrs. Dobbs, while the Doctor proceeded — ** And she invited Miss Somers to come and fty us a visit the next time she Jiad a holiday, must say, to speak truly, that I was not as much taken with tiie young lady as uiy wife was. We even Iiad one or two disputes about it ; but I did not think that a lisit front her could do us much harm, and ? ' 'What did you dislike in ber ?' asked Sir Theodore. ' It is rather difficult to say. I thought a good deal of her sweetness was pat on ; that she was really thinking of other things than her d a ties, ind that sometimes she tot irri tated in trying to reconcile the tow. I don't think site had a bad heart, lint she was pre occupied, and once I heard her Hpeak very j sharply to one of the little girls, aud threaten her with a punishment if she was not less1 troablesoHie.' ' Yes, yes !' interposed Lady Trevor, with a heightened colour. 'But what made me really suspicious about her was that one night, when I happened to be out walking quite late on the promenade — it was eleven o'clock or after— I vras smoking my pipe, and enjoying the mold sea breeze, I almost ran into two figures who were pacing about, arm jn arm, in the most confidential conversation. They were Miss Soiners, who had said * Good night ' to us more than an hour ago, because she said she was so tired that she could sit up no longer, and a man called Wilbraham, a. loose sort of fish, who had been giving lectures on Ireland, ou Socialism and Democracy, and all binds of wild nonsense, up and down the country, and at Ashton amongst other places. With him Miss Souiers was walking.' The doctor paused. H*s auditors looked as much impressed as he could liave desired, and he proceeded — 'Seeing that, when he had talked about this man and hiu lectures before, she had expressed the greatest horror of him, and had told as that she Iiad often heard him speak with hatred of Sir Theodore Trevor — amongst others — this did seem to me a very strange thing,' continued I-r. Dobba. 'I ran up against them, as I say, and I was so surprised that I did what was perhaps indiscreet I exclaimed — ''Miss Somers1.' Sue made no answer, bat turned her face away. WQbraham said, rather roughly, * You are mistaken. Be good enough to mind your own business, will yon ?' After that I said no more. I went back to the hotel. Bar I was not mistaken.' 4- Welir ' Well, Miss Somens and her pupils left a little time before we did, but not before my wife had renewed her invitation, and Miss Somers had accepted it sad promised to come as soon as she possibly could. Sure enough, quite late in the autumn, not very long before Christinas, she wrote to my wife, reminding her of what she called their friendship, told her that she had left die Trevors, as they had treated her in a disgraceful way —in the way in which only rich people could treat poor ones, whom they knew to be unable to retaliate.' ' Abominablegiii !' exclaimed LadyTrevor, indignantly. ' My dear,' observed her husband, ** we know that the girl was a false girl* and it was well we got rid of her. She vas dismissed by Lady Trevor for exactly that which you once surprised her in,' he added, turning to Dr. Dobbe, ' because it was found that she bad been neglecting and intimidating the children. We were very much shocked about it, for we had had excellent testimonials with her from her last situation. At the same time, I observed her often, and much more closely than she supposed I did, and I agree with Dr. Dobbs. I am quite sure flhf* was under Borne preying on her mind ; sometimes I thought she was being led partly against her wQL I know notiiing of that. Bnt she neglected my daughters, and behaved banihly to them, and of coarse was dismissed at once.' 'Yes,' Dr. Dobba nodded. 'Of course, ehr did not tell us that. She said that she had been working hard for ten years, ever since slie was sixteeii, and that now she meant to take a rest and a holiday. She thought she had earned them. She did not intend at once to seek a new situation. She reminded my wife of her invitation, as she felt that they were true friends, end she knew she should feel better and happier for being with her. My wife was delighted,' continued Dr. Dobbs, with a smile. *' I am afraid I was very unkind. I did not want Miss Somers in my house. I did not believe a word of her blarney, and I went bo far as to say * Bosh V ' Mrs. Dobbs sighed deeply, shaking her head mournfully from side to side The Trevors were half amused, half touched at the little by -play which went on between their visitors, who evidently felt this to be a great event in their lives. There was a moment's pause. Then Dr. Dobbs went on : - ' You may suppose that that * Bosh !' didn't help me much. It wasn't likely that it should. 1 got a proper scolding for my suspiciousness and vncharitableness — didiTt I, my dear I And of course, by return of post. Miss Somers was told to come when she liked, and to stay for ss long as she liked. I made the best of it. There was nothing else for it. I even went to the station to meet her, one miserable, raw afternoon, at the end of November— an afternoon which I shall never forget. It was dark and cold, and a horrid sleet was blown about by a north-east wind. Vile it was,' the Doctor continued, ?with energy. 'The train — the IrUb until, was late, and I waited and kicked uiy heels about till I was sick of the whole tbing. I wanted to go to my dub. At last the train appeared in the distance, and at the sight of it a group of young fellows who Iiad been waiting nearly as long as I had, net up r kind uf che?r and became very noisy and excited. I asked a porter whom I knew who and what they were. He told me they were from the Socialist Union, and that they had come to meet a certain Wilbraham who was to lecture on different subject* «f that kind. I whistled to myself, not because of the Socialism or the lectures, of coarse, but became of the coin cidence.' His auditors murmured assent. 'The train was a long oue, but, as it happened, when it stopped, I was exactly opposite 'die carriage from winch 'Miss Somers got out, or rather, from which ohe was hauded out,' sad Dr. Dobhs. with blow, impressive einphaaib, ' by Wilbraham, who took off his liat, wished her good afternoon, and joined his friends. Almost the first words she said to me were how odious it Iiad been to her to have to travel with that man all the way from Uolyhead — the most disagreeable coincidence tliat had ever happened to her. I said very little nixmt it, surprised ihoogli I was. I put her into a cab and drove to my house with j her, where the received the kindest of , welcomes from my wife, n* you may be sure. Then I weut away and walked to my club, and as I weut 1 saw the walls covered with posters to the effect that Ullbrabam was to ectnre on different subjects — capital and labour, trauifts nnioniamt ffi-pjfil dffmtMff^CV. *'^ many other things. All the way I asked myself, 'Is it a mere accident, or is there something behind ail this ? How mnf^ does abc know of this man? How mnch is she under hie influence?* I felt uncomfortable, I must say, bat I was unwilling to make my wife unhappy by telling her that I had an idea that her guest was an adventareai — and liy speaking of suspicions to which I could hardly give a name. All I could do was to resolve to watch Miss Somers, and if I saw anything very fishy— I mean, suspicious — I was determined to speak to her of it, and not to my wife. But things all went on very smoothly for some time after she came to us. appeared to be really fond of my wife, whichshe did more to reconcile me to her than anything else. She was very pleasant, lady like and agreeable in her manners, and was a very intelligent young -woman to. By degrees I shook of my suspicions, and became convinced that she was undeserving of them. She often used to ask me questions about my profession* I may remark that I am not now. and have not been for many years, inactive practice. There are a few partial old friends who have the idea that they get more good from my treatment tlwii from tha.t of other media& tn.cn— Quite unfounded, quite; bat gratifying. MissSamers often told me that she would have liked to be a doctor ; she liked nursing, and she liked attending to wo on ds ami pt-zryi-Tiinp tfonnef twl with surgery had an interest for her. When I looked at her in surprise, she laughed her little, gentle laugh, and said, * Yes and I have nerve enough for it. Dr. Dobba, though I look so delicate. I am considering now whether I wQl not rather become a hospital nurse than a governess again.' ' ThingE went on quite pleasantly in this way until after Christmas, which she spent with us. She was rather sad at the time, and said she wai almost alone in the world. She had no one to go to bnt her brother, and of bun she did not speak much. I gathered that he was a bit of a ne'er-do- weel, or perhaps a good deal of one. She said it was so deiightf ol to be in a houso like ours — a house where every influence was soothing and good. It all sounded very well, and Fin sure there was some truth in it. How much she was playing the hypocrite — how far she nas »— ying fools of us, I cannot decide— pretty well of each, I am sure. Bat of one thing I MT' certain that ahe was not happy. Only one tiling occurred during all this time to rouse my suspicions, and that was that one evening I was «Mwiwg home from my dub. and passing a lamp post ?uite clobe to my own front door, I met lilbraham, and was more astonished Tf1*-!1 I can tell you, to see him. His lectures had not succeeded at all, and I wasunderthe impression that he had left the town long ago. He stared at me as we p*jfftf*ti **a^fc other, and. as he stared I thought to myself, 'where have I seen someone nnoonimonly like you?1 It quits bothered me, this likeness to which I could not give a name. But it was not meeting him that roused my suspicions — it was that running quickly np the steps and into our porch, I found the door being just opened to admit Miss Somers, who looked at me with very startled, eyes, **t*H t.lifMj in a moment, I saw where the likeness was. It was she whom Wilbraham resembled -or else she resembled him—anyhow, that was the likeness. I heard her almost in a dream as she said that she had been oat alone for a constitutional after tea, my wife having a headache, and wishing to keep quiet, whereas Miss Somers had felt the need of & breath of fresh air, before dinner. I said jokingly, * And have yon been with your friend WiUbraham? I met him justat the gate.* * Wilibrabam *~ she repeated, 'impossible. Did be not go away long ago?1 'It was either he orhisghost,' said I. *I don'tbelieve in ghosts,' she replied, antl ran upstairs. I *™j^ no more about it. I fancy Wilbraham did go away soon after that. I was persuaded that our visitor knew him and was in Borne way mixed up with him , bnt I was not much surprised that she did not care to liave it known, for he was far from a desirable character. 'The next thing that happened was just before the New Year. Mrs. Dobbs alwan has an At Home ou New Year's Eve. It is the only Uiing in the shape of a large parly that we give, because we are not rich. On this occasion it was more important to her than usual, as she wascountiug upon introducing MissSamers to a good many of our friends whoui she had not yet met. Everything was arranged. The invitations hail been accepted, when, the day l-efore the party was to come off. Miss Somers, after reading a letter which was on her plate at breakfast, said, in great apparent distress, 4 Mrs. Dobbs, tliis is most unfortunate. I *.hall have to leave you to-day.' My poor wife was aghast. The disappointment was very severe, and she could hardly speak, but at last she said, * To-day — do you really mean to day 1' L Yes, to-day/ said Miss Somers, looking again at her letter. * I wish 1 could explain. It ia business — wretched, unfortunate business connected with my brother, I have fold you my brother Ls uot all he ought to be. Teare stood in her eyes. My wife said, of course. In Bnt she was dreadfully disappointed. And. to cut it short, it wai settled in this way, that Miss So mere, who said she only had to go as far as Chester, should set off that very morning and return the next day in tinie for the At Hoiur. This settled matters beauti fully. She said she would not mind the fatigue a bit, and would rather do anything than miss the party aud disappoint my wife. So she I went away by the Xri»b nviP t which of course stop& at Chester ou its way to HolybeaJ, and, true to her promise, she turned up again tbe next day, also by the Irish inaO — the one from Holyhead — the very one she had arrived by when aha had come to visit 11s. She told us that Iier tirranii h&d; uot bs&n; a pleasant one bud I must say she looked very modi worn out, even fur au uiupleasam Iniaincsa. She was pale, and had dark rings round her eyes, aud sud she had not slept at all well the night before, which I could see for myself. Never theless she dressed, and did something to her face which made her look less tired (Lady Trevor emOed), joined the company, and made herself very agreeaUe all round. The evening was a rery successful one. Of coarse Miss Soroers was very tired. She went to bed the instant our vbitora had gone, and did not come down to breakfast thenext morning. She wms going away tbatday, to London, she md. She gave us to understand that unpleasant nesses were in store for her, and that her tnmfalesome brother vas going to be more fcrodblesome than before. My wife took her breakfast upstairs 10 her, and with it the news that was in all the papers that morning, and that spoiled many a one's appetite for breqk famt—thencwsaf the attempt npon your life, sir^aaMDr. Dobbs, addreasmgSir Theodore— 'the frightful news that you had been set upon by a couple of villains who' where suspected to be the agents of eotoe society against whose proceedings yon had spoken not long before. That the crumnals had got off, bat that one at least of their weapons was found, in the shape of an amputation knife dropped by one of them as be made off — was it not so V Sir Theodore nodded. Tbe Doctor con tinued, ?* Do yon happen to know what became of that knife, Sir Theodore? Is it wasible for anyone to get a right of It 7' Before her husband coold reply, Lady Trevor, with a ray pale face, had risen, and with a stmll key which hung to her watch chain, anlocked a drawer in a secretaire, poshed back some slides and springs, and took something out which she brought, to Dr. Dobba. Her teed were set, her lips had gone white ; she whispered rather than spoke, ' Have yon eeen it before T' The doctor took the knife in bis hand, and amidst * profound silence, examined it all over, touched theedge, looked at the back of it, and at last, retaining it to L*dy Trevor, said, in a vt£ce as low as her own. 'Madam, I have.' fiie sailed slightly, pat it back in its keeping place, and sat down again, very near tfa» Doctor, faring him, and firing him with 'SJ'wife told Miss Sonters of this dreadful occurrence, and she was naturally horrified, that did not surprise na, for she had been in your service, and though she said she had quarrelled with yon, it was none the less dread ful to bear ef such * thing in connection with ? people whom she had know so welL She was dresatnE her hair when my wife told her, and Mrs. Batik* said she suddenly sat down, very pale, CTriahrring, 'Oh, Mrs. Dobba what a frightful storr! Thie quite mmerves me.' My wife fully understood this, sympathised with her and petted her, and begged her to give np the idea of leaving us that day, to take at may rate xnotber night's rest befure beginning to taaveL ?gam. She would not hear of any thing of the kind, said she was expected in London, and most absolutely go there. She promised to write, bet said she «oold give as noaddrea* as*hewaBnot sore where she would be staying in London. She left ns that tnartaag. for some time she did not write as she had promised, but after more than three months my wife bad a letter from her dated from -liverpool, in which she said my wife was not to judge her harshly for not having written before, that she had wished to do so many a time, but had not had the courage. That ?be wasa very unhappy girl, her Garcmnstances were Tni-r***n*t-l*p| not so mnch on account of poverty as because of other things which she could not explain. She wished Mrs. Dobbs to know that she had always appreciated her kinriiMfw, and would never forget it. It would recar to her mind many a time when she was far away ; she was now on the eve of starting for America with* her unhappy bmtber,' whom she could not make up her mind to for sake, Ixitie ijinngfa she approved of his conduct in any way. She gave no address. That was the last we heard of her directly. It was a day or two later that I read in a newspaper that Mr. EL Somers WQbrab&tn;, lecturer, agitator, England, had embarked for America, where he intended to reside for the future, and devote his time to the propagation ofhispeculiar religious, pnlj*y»«jt and social doctrines. He was accom panied by his sister. The instant I read it I thought, * Koran Somers,1 — *H. Somere WB frrrhwTn,* find the likpiyw Lietweeu them fljLflti^d fntn my miii/l and was explained in a moment. I felt we had been duped, and thai we had bad to do with an adventuress — whether one who pursued her calling because she lifrtaJ it or because she was forced into it. I tried to think as littie as possible abo at it, and indeed we were mnch inclined to talk about it. Last week, however, something happened which brought up the whole thing again, which wonld not tot me rest till I told you this story, and which made tna nnL- you, Ia&dy; Trevor, to see diat amputation knife.' ' And that was ? ,' asked Lady Trevor. '* Just this. I was ready one morning to set oat into the country for a day's angling, and was in my study collecting a few things I wanted, when one of my servants came in with a note, SLying a boy had brought it and was waiting for an answer. It was from Dr. Ferkin-, a colleague and friend of mine, and this is what he said.' The doctor took a sheet of paper from his pocket-book, and read : ''DeahDobes, — I write from the hospital in haste. Will you send medownyoor amputation knive*? A case is just in which most be at tended to at once, and I lent mine List week to that duffer Jones, who is out of town, and has not returned them. — Tours ever, Fkkd 'Of couree, I was glad to oblige my friend - Perkins. I went straight to the table on which, ] along with other things, lay the case with my j arnPTfc*^''1 knives. It \wA been there ever since I had given up active practice. I opened ! it, as a matter of form, jest to see that they ; were in order, even pat oat my hand to take one np and beheld — an empty case. The knives were gone, as utterly as if they had never been there. ' Again the Doctor became silent, wiping his brow, moist from tbe excitement and fatigue of his unprecedentedly long discourse. Bis hearers drew a long, deep sigh, and looked intently at him, but spoke not. Presently he resumed — 'At first oil I felt was blank astonishment at seeing the empty hollows where the knives used to rest. Then, of course, I began to wonder who could have taken them. I did not suspect our own servants. It was too unlikely that girls who had been wiii us for years, both of whom, and their families, we knew thoroughly, should have done such an aimless piece of mischief. Then who was die culprit? When had I last seen the knives? I remembered it all in a moment. The last time I had seen t-.Tn»m w&s; six months ago, when Misa Somers was vititing us, one morning when we had been talking abont my profession and. frhpiyrfppti4?n*nly^''*gnrp7Ca^ Tiiyfcrnnw.lTfrH had been brought. I showed her the knives, and she said * Ugh ! what murderous-looking dungs V I most say I turnedsickas I thought of it. Then I remembered one thing alter another — her mysterious journey to Chester (she said) and back, and her detertninatZDn to leave na on the following day. The news of the attack npon you, with amputation knives ; her long sUeace, her departure from the country with tier brother — God only knows if he is her Brother or not — I am convinced that the man she went with is Wilbrah*m. She was in some way crampffoMi with him ; she was under his influence, and in com munication with him, whether she was his sister, his cousion, his sweetheart* or his wife. It is a very queer affair altogether. The only t-hiug for me to do was to **?«??? and tell yon. I have done so, and now my mind is at rest.' There was a pooae. At last Sir Theodore said, 'WUbranamwasneveraccasedrfhaving a hand hi the business.91 'Dear Theodore, no one was accused, because no one was caught. Koclne was ever obtained as to who perpetrated that outrage. But yon know that down in yonr heart you are aware that WObraham bated you. This is a clue — a very strong cine, which Dr. Dobbs bring us.' ** The evidence is entirely ^JTypuwfr^ntiitf i** said the Doctor, 'infaot,onemightsayinferen- tiaL Mnch. investigation would be needed before anythingcoold be proved, for or against. Still, as Lady Trevor, says, it is a doe.' Again a silence, while everyonelooked witha different expression at Sir Theodore. He and he alone could decide. His wife's look be sought hiTn to pursue the *-.hiTifr to die bitter end. Mrs. Dobbs* expression was terrified and nervous. Despite t-hw «3'j''»wg story the girl Norah Somenhad been, and still was dear to her. She was on the verge of hysterical tears. Her husband tried to wiMtafo'1'* an expression of impartial calm and dignity, but succeeded only in fi^3*'***^ frightfully at Sir Theodore. It was many minntes before thearbiter of the case spoke. At last, lifting his eyes from the ground, he looked at die company one and all and said, gravely, gently, and slowly — 'As Dr. Dobbseays xhe evidence at the best may in our own minds draw from it. Ab my wife says it is a clue — xmboubtedly it is a clue. And Isay, it is a due which I shall not follow. Let it drop I I am afraid of nothing but a bad conscience, and 1. in rimnHiii jq say Hii* *' mpip does not trouble me in respect of either Wilhraham or of this .unhappy girl who I quite agree with Dr. Dobba, was closely bound up with him in some way. If she, under pressure from some outside source, took yonr amputation knives and journeyed to Dublin with them to deliver them to someone wiio was to use diem against my life, all I can aay is God help her ! She was unhappy when BhewaswUlms. She has evidently been very unhappy since. Possibly she is very unhappy now. If she is in Wflbrxhaure hands at all, either as sister, wif e, or mistress, she is in bad and in remorseless hands. If I could save her from him I would. . Most assuredly I shall not pursue her to her punishment. So far as I am concerned Let her go her way with what peace she may. I think. Dr. Dabbs, yon will agree with me that this is a matter which, need never be alluded to beyond oar four selves, unless some mostexpected circumstanceshould render it necessary for one of us to speak.' 'Fully, fully do I agree with you,' ex claimed the Doctor, growing purple with ex citement, as he seized Sir Theodore's hand and wrong U. ' How I hoped you wonld decide thus— yet I felt I could not blame yon had you decided quite otherwise. Why, what in God's name must yon be crying and going on in that way for 1 What a goose you are !' For Mrs. Dobbs had indeed quite given way, and was sobbing aloud behind her handker chief. Lady Trevor alone did not express any exuberant delight in tbe decision arrived si, but she looked at her husband with a certain glow on her cheek, a certain spark of exultant pride in her eyes which said more dian volumes oF words. She was not the woman to speak out her thoughts before strangers. But she rose slowly, and going to tbe writing table, once again took out the knife, and bringing it to Dr. Dobbs, said gravely, ' You had better take it away. After what niy husband says, I have no more use for it.' This was one of Dr. Dobbs' amputation knives restored to him. How and when he heard of the second one, and by what means it came into his possession, it is not the object of this narrative to relate. The Em-. Bridget could neither read nor write, but she was no fool, for all that. 'That was a very nice letter of Patrick's, offering you marriage,' said die mistress. ' What shall I say in reply for you?' ' You may tell hif', if you plaze, mum, that when I gets my wages raised next month, mum, PH begin to save for the weddin' things. n The mistress laughed ] and saw the point. 