ST. PATRICK'S DAY. THE ANNUAL CELEBRA TION. A tiirill of joyousness awakens every Irish heart to-day. The current of conviviality is impetuous and unimpeded. Frivolity and wholcsoulcd satisfaction gladden every spirit, and care is a lost' quantity. To-day no jarring sounds of strife, no ghosts of bygone woes, no scalding spoken words, and no ' sad prophesies of blistering times to come, disturb tiio flow of soul and festive salutations. One end, one single-hearted aim, arrests tho whole attention — to remember with delight Erin's poetic beauties and heroic episodes. And what a comprehensive programme for one day 1 Ireland's unrivalled record has won the loving admiration of the peoples of every cliine, and attracted the rapturous interest of the students of every school. She has gathered- around her a galaxy, of oratory, poetry, music, patriotism, and art, and borno lier sorrows cotirutrcously, if not silently, and with a defiance that was as picturesque as it was prolonged. The aspirations of such a land and tho charac teristics of such apeople have been the themes of more fervent orations, fiery discussions and voluminous disputations than any country yet discovered. During recent years no periodical can manage to bo published without a reference to Home Rule, and the cable columns of the Austra lian press eould not rest contentedly in position without a paragraph about Pur- nell or his brilliant colleague, William O'Brien.- Of course a woman has of late succeeded in disrupting the party ; that was only natural. .She was'a woman that could not help being the cause of mischief. But leaving this sad circumstance, let a word bo devoted to St. Patrick. It is generally understood in well-infornied quarters that he exiled all the snakes from Ireland, and they are now scheduled with absentees and other objectionable things. The exact location of his natal spot has been rather numerously decided upon. Sir John Robertson annually insists that lie was a Scotchman. For the sake of preserving a blissful calm it may be promiscuously pointed out that St. Patrick was a European. He might accurately bechargcd with many noble actions for which he was not imprisoned or boycotted. His numo has been given to many a promising infant, but up to dute no " Patrick " has outrivallcd him in public esteem. By all sections of the community he is favorably regarded, and, judging by past and present circumstances, his memory will not perish during the roll of another thousand years. One a man remarked this morning that Australia is very much in need of a second edition of St. Patrick j one capable of despatching for ever the aggressive and unregenerate rabbit. The western squatter would hail the birth of such a genius with more pleasure than can be expressed by a banqueted citizen returning thanks. The thousands who crowd tho streets to-day will be glad to learn these private and hitherto unpublished facts about a great mail. A peculiar feature of the celebration is the multitude of Irish men, or thoir descendants. Nearly every body reckons he either vi holly or partially sprung from Erin. There is nobody about so unhappily born as not to have Hibcrnia's blood or a drop of it coursing through his veins. You jostlo up against Henry Smith, whom you always regarded as u Yorkshirenian, and are confounded with his declaration t'hat if ho be not Irish he's pretty near it, for he was born in County .Yleuth, and his parents were always set down as- unmitigated Celts. In further testimony of his illustrious ' origin lie points sig nificantly at a first-class shamrock, lend ing its beauty and grace to the collar of . his coat. Good old Scotchmen and brawny /Englishmen, un- doubtnble Dutchmen .uiul foreign gontlcmen generally; who were always boasting of the placo of tlieir .birtli,' suddenly surprise tho opmmuuity by . discovering that after all' they were Irishmen:.1 more or less. The difficulty : to-day was,: to find anybody who wns not Hibernian. The mar vellous revelation of race astounded the observer, and inado him think ponder ously. ' It seemed as if the whole city had suddenly become Celtic, and was supremely gladsome over the transformation. But if the general public is in u staoe of, jubilation over St. Patrick's Day, how shall the con dition of the leaders of the demonstra tion at Botany be described. They were simply concentrations of ouer- getic enthusiasm on a largo scale. From the president down to the least dis tinguished officer all worked laboriously and heartily to make the day a success, and it was so conspicuously. The disruption of the Home Rule party naturally had some infl uence upon the sentiments expressed to-day by the worthy Irishmen of tho city. But the circumstance was in no wise depressing, for tho ultimate and early victory of the Home Rule party was felt to be so assured that ar.y little illicit romance might be_ quietly allowed to rest in peace. Meanwhile, it is the fervent wish of young Australia that Ireland will, by next St. Patrick's day, be in possession of power to guide her own destinies, and shape her ends for 'a, magnificent and beneficent future. . , , . . 