THE WILD WEST WINE. (daily nkws.) Tho gale that with scanty warning burst upon us early in tho week was quite in keep ing with tho character of tho month. October has earned itself an ill roputo for rough weathor. Tho historical great storm —tho gale that overthrow tho first Eddystono lighthouse, destroyed a million pounds’ worth of proporty in London alono, and sank six British warships at thoir moorings—was Into on in November. But it was in October, four yonrs lator, that Sir Cloudosloy Shovel's squadron whb lost among the rooks of Suilly. Tho fatal galo that drovo tho Royal Charter ashore on tho coast of Anglosea was in October, whilo tho tem pestuous weather of this week is nlmost oxaotly on tho anniversary of tho great storms of 1S77 and 1881. Tho landscape will wear quito a different look whon thoso stormy days aro past. Alroady tho trees aro stripped of half thoir foliago. In tho air there is a very rnin of failing loavos. Tho woodland paths aro strewn with tho tattorod draperios of ash and. elm, of bcooh and sycamore. Every gust that tosses tho whito -DQDlar scatters now ilnkcs of silver on tho open spaces'oFlho wooa7- * 4 -—tho leaves dead Aro driven, like ghosts from an enchanter Hoeing. Ovorhond rattle tho dismantled boughs Tho great trees bend to tho fury of tho Ho* tho haughty forest brothers bend and tremble!— lmw they fall! How they cling on ono another’s Arms !—each crushes each and smothers, Till, tangled, strangled, down como nil; And the wild winds through tho ruin Aiu howling, hissing, nml hallooing. With redoubled fury tho tide comes roaring up tho beaoh. Over outlying rooks thunder tho groat surges, and when a fiercor wavo leaps high over tho dark roof the wild winds lift it in thoir grasp, Anil hold it up, and slmke it like u lleecc. Tho dark lino of eoawood that, liko tho figuro of somo mighty serpent, follows tho windings of tho shoro, grows with each flow ing tido. For When descends on the Atlantic The gigantic Stormjwirul of the equinox, Landward in his wrath lie scourges The toiling surges Laden with seaweed from the rocks. And floatinar Hlowly in among- tho drifting hou wrack, or hurled up high and dry npon tho shin^lo, brokon spars, all scarred and splintered with battering on tho rooks, tell all too plainly — of wrecks npon the main. Of ships dismasted, that were hailed, And sent no answe r hack again. j Too often, ulus ! tho ebbing tido leaves yet saddor jetsam ou tho shore—whito, still figures, lying faoo down upon tho yellow sand; to bo lifted rovorently, perhaps, but yot by strango hands, and oommittod with briof rites to tho corner of tho anciont gravo yard round “tho liftlo groy ohurch outlie windy hill,” where tho low, green, nameless ridges aro tho solo memorials of lost mari ners. On these wild nights, whon wo lio uwttko and listen to tho storm ; whon it howls about the gables and shakos the windows in thoir frames ; whon, above tho rush of tho rain, wo hear Ever wilder, fiercer, grander, Liko the trumpets of Iskander, All the noisy chimneys blow; lot us bestow’ moro than a mere passing thought of pitv on tho thousands of poor souls who ” toil for us, blood for us, hunger and sorrow and sin for us,” afloat upon the wild North Sea. Ou those nights, it may bo, many a bravo ship is driving through tho black impenetrable darknoep; dismantled, dismasted, helploss, hopeless, driftiug to her doom, Thoso are nights when it is well to think of'thu gallant lifeboat crews that faco unilinohingly tho angry waves. 