Chapter XXXIV. On the afternoon of the dnv preceding Forties's release, Katherine went to the FxhC bition—then the throbbing heart of citv life —to compose her soul with the music of the Centennial Orchestra. She drove from Brighton in her own carriage, that a pair of unusually fine horses with a tendency to eat their heads off might have work to keep them steady for their next journey; and anyone ac customed to see her in the dress of her struggling years might have failed to recog nise her in her new elegance. Long ago she had discarded the few woman vanities that she had ever hod, but all at once a passion to look nice, and particularly to look young, tpok possession of her, and she was ready to spend as much thought and money on gowns and bonnets, to the furtherance of that end, as any society belle in her giddy 'teens. For any one of the past seventeen years her clothes had not cost the value of the costume in which she set forth on her expedition, to do what was equivalent m her case of going to church—though it was only a simple-look ing black dross, and a little black bonnet with a yellow bow in it. They played Beethoven's symphony in A, and she sat in a corner and took no heed to it—merely breathed it like a perfumed atmo sphere, while rapt in lier unconscious devo tions. Then they played Wagner's "Tristan and Isolde," and she shut her eyes, and trembled, and her breast heaved with unborn sobs of pain, as if Forbes, who was about to live anew, had died, and it was her own heart that cried over him in that impassioned lan guage. After the Wagner number she. pre ferred to hear no more. She touched away a stealthy tear with the hem of her handker chief. and glided to the door. As she passed out under the dome, she met Jim coming in ; she had been too busy to think of him lor some time past, aud was glad of the accident that threw him in her way on this last day that she would be free to attend to him. "What, Katherine—alone i" lie exclaimed, noticing that Elvira was not with her, as | usual. "Yes," she replied, with her moist eyes] shining. " Alone for the last time,Jim." "Ah," said Jim; aud walked beside her | silently. "What were you going to do?" she in quired, pausing by the bronze St. George. " Nothing in particular. What were you ?" " To go liome. Will you drive out with me, and dine with us to-night, Jim—for the | last time ?" " Is it to be the last time? Am I never to | have another chance of dining with you after to-night ?" " Oh, I did not mean that," she laughed ] gently; "I meant for the last time iu the | old way—as we have been used to." " Yes, I will, Katherine. I have been ] coming twenty times to ask for admittance, but was afraid of being dt trop." "Yon afraid of being dt trop? What| nonsense!" They walked out of the windy aisles into the windier vestibule, and round the path, where the dust was blowing, to the turnstiles and the gate, where stood the smart landau and glittering horses that old Mrs. Bellamy's money had bought; the grey-haired coach man on the box was the young man who I had driven Forbes home from the Ander sons* on the morning when the selectors' dogs worried the sheep—the morning of the day of the tragedy that had had such dire re sults. " Don't you think," said Jim, as he sur veyed the imposing turn-out, " that the con trast will be too "strong—just at first ?" "No, I don't," she answered, seating her self. "I have thought the matter out, and decided .to make it as strong as possible—to lift him at once right into his new world, where there shall be nothing to remind him of the old one. > It svili «eem to him like a bad dream gone with the light of the morn ing—the nightmare of a long fever, after one's senses oome back. Ah, Jim, to think of him as we used to know him. and that he has not had a bed to lie on for eighteen years! Well, he shall lie softly for the rest of his life, at any rate." * Jim said nothing, and they bowled along the road iu a mood of silence, induced by physical repose, that lasted more or less until they entered Katherine's tree-sheltered domain. It was guarded bra. lodge, in which dwelt an ex-patient and humble friend of hers who knew all the domestic circumstances, and was prepared to secure the privacy of the family with the the vigilance of a l'cntridge gaoler; and within this outpost the green curtain of foliage, in the freshness of its October beauty, surrounded the pretty house with a screen impenetrable to prying eyes. Only the sea lay before the front windows, wrinkled and shining, its little wavelets running up the Bands that bordered lawns | and flower beds; and it was a bit of the sea quite out of the track of ships and picnic I parties. " The very place," as Katherine said, daily. 1 Elvira stood on the door step, in a frame work of wistaria blossom, and Jim quite started when he looked at her out of the carriage window. He had hever supposed her to be so extremely pretty as she appeared in the new luxury 61 nuhorel that Kathexiue had provided, out of her maternal love and her desire that everything in Eorbes's new world should be as beautiful as possible. Thedeer like head and delibate, dark skin simply glowed above the'umber draperies dike a flower in ripe corn. ^ White was Elvira's proper colour, but it was afso the colour of the walls that had -glared in his sick eyes night and day during the hideous years that were to be remembered no more, and there fore Ivatherinc would not allow it anywhere, save in sheets and table-cloths. So the girl bloomed in all the pretty hues that fashion and good taste approved of, and that Katherine felt she was herself too old to wear. The result was brilliant to an extent un dreamed of by anybody who had seen Elvira in the Huntingdonshire days. She greeted Jim with no pretence of cordiality, and drew -Katherine out"of the carriage into her young arms with a caressing fervour of honest welcome.. Tliey all went into the house, where Jim saw signs and tokens of the expected guest on every hand. It was a rambling cottage house, mainly of weatherboard* and shingle, and its arrange ments were full of comfort, rather than of beauty, in the then popular sense of that term. Katherine had had no education in art muslins and^Japanese screens; she had made j no study of tones in colour and values in i Oriental bric-a-brac; and, of course, poor Forbes was more benighted than she. Her natural instinct of taste avoided any approach I to real vulgarity, as. distinguished from the conventional article, which, made positive tints contraband at the time; no gorgeous pluslies and satins caused the cultured eye to ache, but no dull terra-cotta or sage greens and blues gave the soft effects to which it was accustomed. The fashions of their youth were revived for the home of the bride and bridegroom, whose beginning in life had been so long deferred ; all was solid, simple, and genuine, rich in large capabilities and the ruddy hues of brown wood and leather, and the glow of a pervading crimson that made the house look as if it were set with carbuncles when it was lit up at night. Into one of those red-curtained, red-car peted rooms went J iin at the heels of his j hostesses, and was conducted to an arm chair beside a little wood fire that looked cheerful in the chilly decline of the spring day. There was another arm-chair on the other side of the hearth, which he could not but stare at after he sat down, as if lie saw a ghost in it. It was an enormous piece of furniture, with stuffings a foot thick, and hiddensprings all over it—the most luxurious looking chair that he had ever seen. At its side a solid table bore a tobacco and cigar box : some shelves below were filled with ' books—mostly novels—and a rack on the I wall displayed a dozen miscellaneous pipes.' All the walls lieside were filled with pictures, and every picture had a subject that was intended to feed the starved eyes and nourish the soul of the returning exile. An engraving of heightens "Wedded" hung over the mantelpiece, and Jim looked at the beautiful < woman—the man did not seem to be half | good enough for her—in silent meditation. Elvira left the room to get tea for Katherine, who sat in a low chair, drawing off her ] gloves and looking around her wistfully. "When is the wedding to be?" Jim] abruptly inquired. "The wedding?" she echoed, flushing all over. "I don't quite know, Jim." " Hasn't he made any suggestions?" " Not yet. How could he ? I don't wish ] him to be bothered about that, or anything, I until—until he has had time to take breath a | little." " But it is understood, I suppose?" "Of course." She.rose to arrange a little j table for the tea, and fluttered like a bashful! girl under watching eyes that she seemed to | shrink from meeting. " I suppose," she con tinued, " you think it is odd for him to come into this house to live, before the conven tions are complied with. But, oh, Jim, what have ire to do with the conventions—lie and I'! It would be too absurd to give them a moment's thought, as we are situated." It would," he said. " I only wanted to know when it was likely to be—that's | all." " I will tell you as soon as I know my- ] self." Elvira, accompanied by Mrs. Bellamy's J Hester, brought in the tea, which she dispensed with the air of the daughter of the house, while Katherine rested. Jim rarely paid much regard to Elvira, all his soul being j absorbed in the contemplation of her com panion ; hut to-day lie noticed, not her beauty only, but a certain brilliant intensity of life that seemed to animate her more than usual. The restless lightness of her step, the Coise of her head, the shining of her eyes, all etokened inward exhilaration, which dif fused a kind of radiance around her. He quenched it all in a moment by asking abruptly whether she was going to "stay on." He did not mean to be brutal, but the effect of the question was if a candle had been blown out. " Of course she is going to stay on," said I Katherine, with warmth, putting out her j arms to the girl with a maternal gesture. " What should I do without my daughter, who is my right hand ?" " I thought, perhaps, that now " Elvira broke in hurriedly, laying a slender, almond-tinted hand over Katherine's mouth. "You are quite right, Dr. Hammond. I ought to go now, ana I mean to go, as soon as she is settled and comfortable. I have | told her so again and again, and let her per suade me out of it; but I wont be persuaded again. My intention is, if you will let me, to go back to the nursing at the hospital." She spoke in a strenuous was*, as if the resolution was a desperate one. " I will make you matron, if you like," he said, promptly. She was qualified for the post by the training that Katherine had given her, and he did feel that it would be to the letter's advantage not to have so beautiful a young woman always under her husband's nose. He could not be sure that even a life sentence would cauBC a leopard to change his spots. Katherine was downright angry. " You will do nothing of the kind," she said; " and you will oblige me very much by not men tioning the subject again, Jim. I am. Elvira's guardian, and I shall not allow her to go away from me until she goes to be married; she shall not knock about the world alone while she lias a mother to take care of her. Besides, I want her. She is going to keep house for me, so as to leave me free to devote myself to—to othfer things. We shall both want her. He thinks almost as much of her as I do." Jim said no more, and Elvira, seeming strangely agitated and depressed, took up the tea-tray and disappeared with it; and he saw her no more till dinner time. > No one dressed for dinner, which was a homely meal of a joint and pudding, > but with certain little " fixings " that betokened an ad mirable cook. " > Wkomkave you got ?" asked Jim. ■ * "His name is AjpKonseGiraud," said KatUciinc. smiling bUig|pna in an so -aristocratic as those he has been used to. Butj'-j she added, wijbh a little straightening of the shbuldera," "1rs Av6fth ft.''liecan do better than this—atid will, after to-daj\" -" It seenis to me that this is good enough for anything," said Jim. He Would li&ve;'liked to say that he disap proved of these preparations for the elaborate pampering of a man who wanted his moral fibres toughening (which was to so great an extent a business of the body), but; under standing that lie was not expected to inter fere, refrained. Some exquisite coffee followed dessert, and then Jim said he must return to his. work, much as he desired to stay longer. Katheriue went with him to the door, and out upon the verandah, where the wistaria hung in pale mauve fringes from the caves, and the budding banksia in green curtains from post to post—now only shadows in the starry night; and they stood there for some minutes, talking, and looking upon tlie sea. It was dim and calm, but dimpling all over like shaking quicksilver; and clear through the airy stillness came the sound of each little wave upon the beach—the measured, liquid plash, and the delicate hiss as of champagne newly poured into the glass. " Come down," said Jim, suddenly. " It is like the nights when we used to hunt for otters, and set for eels, on the Broads at home—the nights when you and I used to watch the moon rise behind the reeds, Katheriue—the harvest moon, that was bo red—do you remember?" " Ah, those days!" she ejaculated. "It is like looking back upon some former state of existence—in some other world!" Hut she remembered well enough. His suggestion, and the look of the placid dusky water, brought it all to mind, as if Bhe had been there but yesterday. She saw the red disc shining up, with the black reeds silhouetted on it; she heard the barking cry of the otter, hunting the fat bream— all the familiar noises of the night in that lonely land—the rustlings of the reed-birds, the Hopping roll of the big fish in the " runs" hard hv the sheltered nests, the mouse-like squeak of erratic bats, the boom and buzz of belated beetles. " Ah, those days," she sighed, "those days when we were young !"4 They sauntered down a broad path to a fence that divided the garden from the beach, and Jim opened a gate invitingly. "Justa few minutes," he pleaded, "for old times' sake." She went out with him upon the strip of sand, and they paced it a little way, where the tide had smoothed it. It was the last hour of long years of familiar intercourse—a fact of which they were pathetically con scious ; and the solemnity of the sea and the night enhanced the impressiveness of the situation as nothing else could have done. "I shall not come again," said Jim. "un less you send for me. But if it should happen that you ever want anything, Katherine— that you should have any trouble—one never can tell—you will let me know, so that I can help you. won't you ?" "I will, Jim, I will; it would be only natural. You have done nothing but help me all my life." " Thank you, Katherine." " I am afraid I have taken it, as one takes one's daily bread, without remembering to be- grateful for it—at any rate, not grateful enough," she said, touching his arm with a cruelly kind hand. "Don't talk of gratitude," he answered quickly, and laid his hand on hers for a moment. " If you feel that it has been help, that is enough for me." " I feel that it has been too much, Jim—a waste of your own life, which lias been spent in trying to make mine comfortable." " My life was yours; it is all yours—not only the part that is gone, but all that is to come, l>e it long or-short." " Ah. .lira! You should make some better use of it." " I can't, Katherine. I wouldn't, if I could. Oli, I know it seems now as if you wouldn't need me any more. But still you may ; one never can tell." She was dumb after that. Perhaps for the first time she fully realised how matters stood, and she was not the woman to mock a man in his case with offers to be a sister to him, or suggestions that other women .would suit him better than she. As soon as she could speak, she began to talk about the hospital, and insensibly guided him towards the gate and the house. " I think I will say good-night here," said Jim, " and walk along the sands." Hie had been moved out of his long habit of restraint, and wanted solitude to pull himself to gether. " Will you ?" she responded, hesitating. " It willbe a mHe out of your way." He only held out his hand. They were alone in the world for the moment, between the garden bushes and the sea. " Good night, Kathy—it was your father used to call you Kathy, in those old days. Good-night, my dear. And may you " He could not get further, being choked by a lump in his throat—this quiet, unemotional little man, who had been aide to love a woman for more than twenty, ryeors .without showing it; he bent his head over her hand, pressing it to his . mouth reverently, and she felt in the sweep of his eyelashes the first tear she had eves? known: him shed. It all rushed over her/in that last moment— his.faithful love, .his superhuman patience, his unselfish devotion," that demanded no reward save that'she should be spa ted from pain ; and slie impulsively 'flung her arm round his bent neck. : " Good-night, Jim—my goad, true Jim I" she cried. You are the bpst man tliat ever walked this earth,!". ■' 1 ' It waB'only'ihteeecotod fime in Kbr life that she had kissed him,'-and the:-momtent their lips touched she knew .that she had tried -him too far. She had not expected it from J bli the patient bearer of lier burdens, who had never rebelled before; bttV'fcfter all, he was made of flesh and blood, like other men. " Forgive me," he whispered; when be let her go. " It is for the last time, Kathy." 