CONGREGATIONAL UNION TWENTY-SIXTH ANNUAL SESSION". The work of the 25th annual! iron of 2" per National Union of New South ^nlcsw«.^^ Yesterday ," the school 1, ill attached to be a Church in the more time at 11 o'clock to the, meeting of the Masters' and Mrs ? Jeffs was, in Id Ihoire-idtiitof the assomt.ontt?_? a seven, MoU occupied the chair There?,. road by the hen Secretary), the Hon Wjffl11 stated that the committee had held office ft months, and that during this time several meetings were held at wind, papers were and addresses clean ore J Ino committee decide return thanks for "so, kind c "es rèrèivcd«vL" its term of the u Mr I St lifE balance-sheet, which showed an income of assay states Ä"r00i 8 "'5 "to 2 in. the report and balance sheet is one adopted . ., up '"A A W Duncan moved,- that thanks of the meeting he given to rating of bearers of the Ministers and Deacons' shot SriTTÖfo-jS10 u,orgot'°hou societies The motion was agreed to Office bearers for the ending year were elected as follows -Pro"'1«-»* Mr Satchell, "ce rates Best . lines and Mr Lewis and a SALES consisting of four ministers and four laymen The Rev F E OWENS Mr IL said he desired comes to the meeting din mournful intelligence to their old ii of, the Rev Morgan Williams. Di who later) returned to Sydney from England! that morning passed away to his long home LAC lin John Fordyce offcrclpiajuoaUWd the boreas ed ones "that Mr I ParTY moved a" hint sympathy as I pressed with the relatives of the late Sir Jams who for "years had been closely associated with S Newtown Church " "' but oral members having paid warm tributes of respect to the memory of Mr Hurt on. the motion was agreed to -follow R Withers of reelection, reads tote op. Home mission work, in the country ' Had, scribed the scene of Christian life in the lack Hock and made an earnest appeal that something should done to provide for the religious part! of MOM living in these scattered country places A AFTERNOON _-ETII,0 In the of tobacco at o o clock a had es account is held to discuss a proposal for the formation of T ladies' auxiliary) in connection with the Home all, around The Rev Torr Ronnie who presided said for too long a time there had been lack of orcnawsba in the work. which women had done in the China The sale of the assistance of women in any of undertaking could not be over estimated, and is ministers of the Congregational Church could get Li ladies to organise themselves into a movement in the help of their churches they they would owls brighter times before them and they had ever pass! through He regretted to say that the Rev Campbell, who was to have address ed the meet! that afternoon was laid up with influenza butter Rev A J Gluth was with them, ununould_| with the subject they had at heart The Rev A J tíuiii'ira said he looked upon meeting that afternoon as a most important one A. much as it marked a new departure in energies From that day they would endeavour to Iruigtli organised efforts of women to bear in the "Hi 1 Christian work general!) Iho) asked the US to enter into an alliance with vice total, area it extend the Kingdom of christ, and as for as poaBf aid thenimoicry way in carrying out the greatest prizes they had at heart Apart from lie in which existed for the establishment of missions in the very homes of the poor, there were our country districts where churches should be opened Time after time the committee had received petitions from country districts, asking that kind should be established, but unfortunately the petitions could not be granted, to the committee had neither the funds, not the means, nor the resources to enable them to do " It had been well pointed out that there were its main essentials for successfully working their sailing bjstom-fhst, to strengthen the centres serve, to establish fresh (hurdles, and third, toenails services of pioneer ministers As a result of congestion of the efforts of the women of their congress. lion, he had not the slightest doubt that Congress tionalism would become more and more a general good in this country Mrs lii_r\\\IOK said that as one who had for tear years been us operated with Pitt street Church she " a peculiar pleasure in being present in the Scarcella] this afternoon Their meeting formed an epoch in the history of Congregationalism in New 'visited Will Surely times had greatly changed that women are now called upon to meet in such a coufereaM. Si felt that the responsibility placed upon them mute great, for nothing drew forth the sens? 1 responsibility more than the knowledge that he was trusted The 1 idle or the congregates in taking up their work in the proposed font must seek more than ever that might) \ oiveruiUnt v, Inch their efforts would be of but little girl She had very great pleasure in moving " That having heard an account of the field for home mission work in which is presented to our church-a this colony, we, the lady members and adherents the Congregational churches of No w South Wales a public meeting assembled reach c to form an ancillary to the Congregational Union Home Mission Board, i be known as the Ladies' Auxiliary to the Congrega- tional Union Home "Mission Board " Mrs R Norr seconded the motion 'The motion was agreed to The Rev W SCOTT mo% ed,-" that the following ladies, with power to add to their number be J committee of the Indies number to the Congress tional Union Home Mission to an I -Mrs. Sales!, Mrs Warner, Mrs Hill, Mrs Scott Mrs DUB««, Mrs Grant), Mrs Dey, Mrs Morn field Masse, 16 Mrs Edginton Mrs Isaac Mrs Leslie Mrs P«h»a to Mrs. Potts, Mrs Hodgetts Miss -Nott, Miss Shaw "" and Miss J G Nott (to act as convener) The motion WHSngroed to The Rev R DAY moved- "That this I given to Mrs Boat to whose efforts the successes meeting that afternoon was largely due The motion v, lb agreed to the Rev R Dey mercies flirt a gaping coughing when he sent to the Rev Dr Bevan who had just returned to Melbourne from England to who was to be publicly welcomed ti-toïeuinf The motion was agreed to Evans-a Ali one In the evening a well attended public meeting held in the Pitt street Church, at which addresses were delivered in advocacy of the claims of CEnts College Dr Sydney Jones was to have taken the chair, but was proven ted from doing so owing to a attack of influences, and his place was taken at I» Rev John Ford joe The Rev J M SANDS, B A , said he desired commend Camden College to the members of U church as one of the most deserving of their cars board institutions, and as one that should Will great work in preparing young men for the innings His main objects urging the claims of theeoLeci was not to ask for money, but to ask for men total themselves to the work of spreading the Gospel Bj asked for men, for youth, for intellect, for love my strength of heart that the ranks of the minstrels be swelled with sons of the land anxious to sang themselves to the Lord's we will , " the Rev J G ln-ssLB said that the admiral addrossosdohvered during the present session this union by the Rev Toi n Tordyca and by the W Walter Mathison had given a hopeful tone To j meetings, and offered them as to their StaR. These were days of strange ideas They bsdoB» their midst who, though unable to assist" equilateral triangle, announced with a AST that they were going to reconstruct society is announced their intention of leeoustrucringsooitl» the same way as a boy pulled his watch to J's order that he might reconstruct it and got it CM again People who could not construct a the sentence so as to include in it a grain of JJ were going to reconstruct the whole feeling of souci) He honoured the practical way of a practical man, but wild visionary theorists believed had never done anything in this softly mischief It turned the heads of the foohiM? accomplished no good work for says How many people were there who was of individualism and of socialism and who yet in without a sound definition of the term ®>>¡!¡3. reconciled many things, and it recorded hosT? the truest individualism with the truest w» ism Passing on from this Mr I«*1. J ferred in strong terms to the prcvalonosoi» gamblmgovUm this city There season, i darker vices of which they spoke with «TT5i man did not live as long as he had lived in showing that there were darker ones" which were affecting the well-being of a community, and sometimes he left as if they were to road in ancient history of a KM which could be described as one might "T5P!l fully descnbothoirs-if they were was such a nation the vengeance of school on W "" thou verdict would almost be-"AndJT"!", wonder that vengeance did fall" f08"^ these days a great need for self-sacrifice. and of young men in this city) whose bees WS self-denial, and who were killed with to west quality themselves for the work of prochumingtOT topol, and it was above all lungs newer; man to qualify himself for the work to wl»fM5 called A man of good heart might make an evangelist, even though he knew but she, T, pastor of the CongieDationalU.iu:el., MidinWl Mary Church, if he was not apt to teach, Huge" peat that his tenure of office would be shafts ft were long continued, it meant sPf^'S,« to his own soul and to the soul of the fire by, which the Holy Ghost had not made him oujop commended Camden College to his new" training place for the young, in which Jan sympathies should be enlisted, and her trusts the present number ofstudonts-thebrgestsWj college was opened would soon be 129 T" J During the evening several hymns and we were sung, under the leadership of mo Church Choirs The Athenum learns from Gem" sources that the publication of VT " Intent of the sense of the Press, in State, J F W, tion to work, which is < W"?"£JÄ magnitude and completeness all Li tin loucoa)»»¿ published is to be carried out of,, that distinguished classical seholir.rrofesscr j Herb, of Brazil.., with the «»T^¿_buti-» philologists, and illoomnnsoiiot only some, low and late Latin the Academy) of a Berlin is said to have approved of the was tion of which will occupy fully 18 years, and w twoon 600,000 mid 1,000,000 marks QcKixiso says -All Paul WAs late. ka., untarnished and with. buoyant grow". SbTStcdby using Goddard's Non-incrcurUJW»^ _^de7er^r_^ to boxes, le-Sands medals awarded. Bole __nuf«tarer-J.wocaw, J_sgJ*_W-iA»visl 