Fassy in tlie Corner* Cats sre subject to most- o! the diseases which Efllicfc the human race, and will fre quently " csteh" a fever from its sick nsia trass cr little claymste. IVnen a cat fceeks a dark comer, hiegLcla her toiiet, and has a hoi nose, she is sick and. s trifling remedy now will prevent some more serious disorder. & city cat sbcuid have raw meat enee a day, ia the morning. At night give her s hearty meal of ■warm bread aud miik, or gravy in the place of milk. Always re member s est will eat most enythiog, if it be warm and well moistened. Have milk or water where she can get it, and in & clean dieb, for Mrs. Pus3 ia dainty, and will scorn to drick dust-covered milk or water as quiakly as you would. A country cat, who has plenty of out-doors, should have meat twice a day, a piece as big as an egg ezcH time, an? cat into moatbfnls. Kidney cr liver is tbr-ir favorite, but too much of the latteros of oysters may cauEe diarrheas. They.must have grass and plenty of it; it is ES-neceeEary to them as salt is to us. It would pay in the city to raise grass and cai aip ia a bos for these pete. Should-a oat ba attacked with fits'or con vulsions, throw over her a ehawl or rug to prevent damage to herself or furniture; s iyhiff.of chloroform, ether, ammonia, or, lack ing these, an onion freshly cut, ■ssill often give relief. Should she continue to cry pite ously, with eyes wida cpen and glaring, pro tect the hands with gloves, grasp hev fitmly in the ehawl and with a sharp pair of Bc;eaors eaip the end of the esrs; a few drops of blood will be sufficient; let her stay in a cool, dark place, and for several cayafeed sparingly with warm bread and milk. One of the most valuable remedies for cats and email doge is sweet oil. One naif table spoonful in their milk 13 seldom rc-fuEed. in cases were poisoning is suspected it is the best and certainly the easiest remedy. Fcr inflamed eyes spply a wash of warm milk or weak bcrax and water. A cat will catch cold.enec?!?, and have all the sj'mptotca of influenza; grease the upper purl of h6r nose and administer one- hail teaspoon of easioria or balsam ; if she has a sere throsi wrap it with a flannel wet with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from the children. Cats with Litiens should not be routhlf bandied or frightened, or she wiil miscarry or suffer during confinement. Dj not kill all her babies; leave her at least one until such time as it can cat other food than its mother's milk. Should her kittens die and the mother suffer from swelled breasts, rub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and give aconite and belladonna alter nately, Some people and doctors are ashamed to prescribe for cats, but there can be no loss of dignity in such a humane act. Pussy will be a silent ghost gliding through the house, or she will be an intelligent, af fectionate friend (not a slave like a dog), ac cording as she is neglected cr loved aud cared fcr. 1 cannot close without a protest against the cruelty of leaving a cat to "get its own living" while the house is closcd during the summer months. Give her shelter, and pay the butcher and milkman to feed ber, if there is no friend or home where she can be carried. 