EHTEBTA1NWEHTS, THE THBATRTO. &C.; The London Gaiety Cgmpanrhada n»oa* enthusiastic jeoejtfion on Shein Belres at the Princess's Theatie onBatoniaj' night In the burlesque of " Bar Biiajaiift ^ Btarf Root." ?' lbs wtlcomfe aocbt&cfl; to XGn Ndtie Eatrec, Wi» ^hiaQtty, Mr Fred. Leslie, Kc. Stony, vtu routed br all 1&» *° old frienda; and thehewmonbettof the tronpe, the chief of which are 1G» Grace Pedley and MissPlorence lexer, ra^rpd^n soon jnsti^^'wielmiJeBqoe is exoeedinglr wd! plAced opon tiie stage. Pretty aceneij baa been painted by Meesre. Goedon and Goateber, the dresses of Uie choras are brilliant and tasteful, and the light manic which raiWth«»gbti» «m®w tion, united with the groteaqoenee of the leading perf(^^ «>me voTd-twiBtine jokes, and * few local hita, make op an agree^eandeThilaratingwtofainmenfc A aayge&on; that Samh Bernhardt #b<mld pl*y Julietfco lit. Varier'sEoroeom Sj^peare's tragedy si onbe bnraght Itowa ttie Jm®06, 5E3»e wfthaeteartittt appU^^ M Uw <fd vices were bestowed upon Miss Farren and; Mr. Leslie. An effective performance of a modern bur lesque, though designed simply to diffuse merriment, is as arduous, as far as the lead ing impersonators of the dramalia persona are concerned, as the presentation of a play of high calibre. * Indeed, the changes of cha racter and the variety of comic treatment in volved in Mr. Leslie's delineation of Don Caesar de Bazan represent enough of artistic exertion to furnish forth several leading characters in some solid dramas. Every line of the comic Bongs he introduces is accom panied by its own rapidly interpolated! "business," which forms a running com mentary on the words, emphasising them, and imparting to them a fuller meaning than j they would convey in the simply spoken1 form. The delivery of " The Bogie Man," a weird effect illustrating the terror of children on hearing a creepy ghost story, is a little drama in itself very artistically and impres sively worked out. Mr. Leslie is especial ly mirth-provoking in his simultaneous de lineation of a Scotchman in a kilt and an Irish man in knee-breeches, one side of the actor being made up to represent the former cha racter and the other side the latter. The accent and the dance change according to the side which is presented to the audience, and the alternations are extremely diverting in their rapidity and deft execution. Miss Farren, who appears to be in as good form as when she last visited this city, has a fair share of the comic songs and dances. Her part in the burlesque is that of Ruy Bias, a young gentleman in love with the Queen of Spain, and there is one very humorous in terview with Her Majesty, in which the dapper young man, who has gained entrance to the palace disguised as a school girl, presses his suit, and speedily doffs the femi nine attire. Miss Farren's unflagging vivacity is an i mportantaid at all points of the perform ance. I!uy Bios and Don Caesar having oc casion to disguise themselves as sweeps, a chorus of youthful members of the sooty fraternity is introduced with grotesque effect Miss Pedley, as the Queen of Spain, quickly got on good terms with her audience. She is young, of attractive stage presence, and is the possessor of a fresh mezzo-soprano voice of considerable power, which is heard to ad vantage in the songs she delivers. Miss Florence Levey, who comes out in place of Miss Letty Lind, is a most graceful danseuse. She floats across the stage with the lightness of a curl of tobacco smoke, while her steps seem to fall with the softness of snowflakes on a swan's back. Miss Sylvia Grey, who enacts Donna Christina, retains all her old charm ; her statue dance is a feature in the entertainment. Mr. Fred Storey, the Court physician, performs some remarkable dances, in which he appears to be quite jointleas, if not boneless; and Mr. C. Danby, as Eton Salluste, has dhe good song, and conttffHftjx: largely to the humoursof the extravaganza, m the last act Mr. Leslie impersonates Henry Irving in ballet skirts, a representation for the suppression of which the latter actor success fully set the law in motion in London, on the ground that the performance was calculated to injure him in his profession, though everyone did not take the same view of the matter. Miss Jennie Lee began a short season at the Opera-house on Saturday night with the comedy-drama of "Run Wild," a composition which has had considerable success at the Royal Strand Theatre, London. The piece is brightly written, and has some entertaining situations. The principal character is Collie Parker, the daughter of a wealthy cotton spinner. Having been brought up away from her parents in Ireland, she is an unsophisti cated original, with a brogue, and all the freshness of the Colleen Bawn, with the addi tion of thoroughly unrestrained and mad-cap manners. John Parker, the wealthy cotton spinner, is married to an aristocratic lady of frigid proclivities. The union is an unhappy one, and he thinkB that when Collie cqmdjB home from school she will furniBh a bondjpf sympathy between himself and his wUe.Jjjme effect is the reverse, however, for Mra-P-rfcer is scandalised by the unconventional depig ment of the young lady, and as she unjiist^ suspects her husband of infidelity, there Wr» separation. Old Parker is a genial\§||R, but his son Dick is vicious andorolli* The latter, being visited by his fatherinh|a chambers, passes him off as an acquaintapre named Jones, and, the truth being discovered, he is cut by his associates. Collie, thinking to visit her brother, whom she has not seen since infancy, mistakes her cousin Jack Carew for him, and embraces him with a warmth of which she isasliamed when the true relationship is made .apparent. Collie's little fox terrier plays An important part in this scene in Dick Parker's chambers, devot ing his attention to the calves of the valet with long- continued alacrity. Dick is in disgrace for jilting Lady Grape Howard, as well aa for other sins, and it is the function of Collie to smooth over these family differences, a»d bring about a reconciliation between her parents, in which site is eventually suc cessful. Miss Jennie Lee is well suited in the part of GoUie, which Bhe presents as ia young Irish girl, with a not too pronounced brogue, robust in health, of exuberant spirits, and of abounding good nature. " he dialogue is humorously written, and some of her scenes with old Parker (played iu a very effective way by Mr. G. P. Carey) are highly entertaining. Mr. Frank Gates depicts Jack Carew with appropriate polish. Mr. Oily Deering is a warm-hearted old retainer of the Parker family. Dick larker and his three gentlemen friends are represented by Mr. Owen Harris, Mr. Eille Norwood, Mr, Gerald Moore, and Mr. Booth juan. Mr. F. Chambers appears as a choleric uarouet, and father of Jack Carew ; and Mr. Letter is the footman. The parts of Mrs. acker and Lady Grace Howard, the dramatic capabilities of which are not great, fall ito the hands of Mrs. Bolton and Miss Ada tee, , Messrs, Williamson and Garner terminated au- nine Years' tenure of the Theatre Royal ' on. Monday night, when a special demonstra tion was made in the form of a compli mentary benefit to Mr. J. F. Sheridan, whose performances in "Fun on the Bristol" and " Bridget O'Brien, Esq.," have gained great acceptance with the public. The facade of the theatre was adorned with fairy lamps and banners in honour of the oocasion, and the corridors were also gaily decorated. All the seats were occupied soon after the open ing of the doors. The programme included performances by Mr. Sheridan and Miss Oracle Whiteford in " Fun on the Bristol," " Les Cloches de Corneville," " The Little Peach," and a burlesque scene from " Romeo and Juliet." The Stacey Comedy Company appeared in " Hans the Boatman," and con tributions were also made to a very interest ing programme by the Bovis Brothers, and Messrs. Walton, Shine, Snazelle, Macully, Imano, Langdale, Signor Lopez, and Baby Nichols. The house is now closed for re novation and preparation of the pieces pro mised by the new Theatre Royal com pany. The highly-entertaining three-act farce of " The Magistrate" has been played at the Bijou Theatre during the week. The princi pal members of the Brough and Boucicault Company have strong parts in this piece, and its revival has been very cordially received. Mr. Brough as the much-perplexed justice, Mrs. Brough as Charlotte Verinder, Mr. Titheradge as Colonel Lukin, Mr. Boucicault as Cis Partington, and Miss Watt-Tanner as Mrs. Posket are very happily placed, and the performance has evoked each night the heartiestdemonstrationsofapproval. "Caste" is announced for this evening. " The Trapper" is being played to good honses at the Alexandra Theatre. The variety troupes at the Victoria-hall and the Gaiety Theatre and the American Minstrels at St. George's-hall have been fairly well patronised during the week. 