THE ELEPHANT SENTRY. : An Adventure in Ceylon. | By David Keh.] 'Are x'ou ready for breakfast, Dick*' *' I should think I was. Fm like the Irish tenant in the story when, he met his landlord : out early: 'You see, Pat, I'm out to try and get an appetite for my breakfast.3 ' Well, I your honor, it's just the other way with me ; I 1 :m out to thry and git a breakfast for me appetite ': :! ? f\^-^n 'z i.i._j.* ,.„ ? mi ? ? i i ? * .i ti vn, ix U6H'5 so, lieu JU-it HHVC 111 tilO things at once. 3 ack I' H« followed up the call with a peculiar whistle, which was speedily answered by a ; clumping tread outside, and Dick Dalton had : just time to think what in heavy-footed fellow j 'Jack' must be, when ho tramped a young ? ??lephant, about the size of a well-grown horse, : with a steaming kettle hanging by a strong i cord to the very tip of his trunk ! 'Such a footma.ii would make people slave in England, I dare say,' said Frank l-'oi-restev, ? laughing at his guest's astonishment; 'but ? no one thinks anything of it up here in the i heart of Ceylon. Sec how gingerly the little rogue holds the kettle; he upsets the boiling water over 3iis toes once, and he's been mighty careful of it ever since. Breakfast, Jack F The elephant set down his kettle and trotted j itiif:. mtnvnin.a- ^rscpfJiiv \viH- .ill fltn nc^^Tifi^lL. of a good East Indian breakfast set out upon a lcind of basket tray, which lie earned on his trunk as before. The table was soon spread, j and the young engineer and his truest fell Io with a will. 'Is Mr. .lack your valet as well a^ your footman?11 asked Dalton. 'Indeed he is, and I can promise yon he knows his work. Regularly every morning at half -past 5 he comes to wake me by trumpet ing outside my door, and if that doesn't rouse me— -as it usually does, for he makes noise enough to knock the house down — lie comes right into the room, and lays the cold tip of his tinnk on my face.' 'How long havo you had him? lie seems tame enough.' ' Well, I picked him up that time I went up to Korncgalle for ray holiday, you know ; and that's why he's called ' Kom'ugalL; Jack,' or ' Jack,3 for short. We were out shooting, and 1 brought down a savage old she elephant, and this little fellow stood by his mother's body and wouldn't leave it. ' So then I felt sony for him and made up my mind to take him home and reav him if I could ; and now he's so tame that ho just follows me about like a dog.' ' Does he ; Well, I should think it must be rather awkward for you sometimes to liave an elephant trotting at your heels everywhere.' ' Well, it certainly is rather awkward now and then. He followed me into church once, and I had quite a job to get him out again. And then, again, when they held that committee meeting about the new rail way ai Sir Lancelot H ? ;s place on the other side of the valley 1 had to attend it as consulting engineer, and loft Jaek, as I thought, securely fastened up at home. Hut the little rascal managed to get loose somehow, come after me post- haste, and walked fslap into the room right in the middle oi' the meeting. You should just have seen the fat old directors jump out of his way. Aim he trotted rigiit up to my chair, and «tood there ns if waiting for orders. Then that .vauoy fellow Hawkins, who happened to be sitting near the door when Mr. Jack pub in an appearance, called out in a loud voice, as if announcing a visitor, 'Mr. Forrester's private -i-f-retaiy !::- 'Secretary, valet, footman,' laughed Dick. '?\\\hy, your Jack's :i regular * jack-of-all- u-a-V=.' You'd h-.'it. -r mako him a choki'hi.v iwHt'-iimanJ too, and then he'll be t-omijlcto.'' ?' W'-ll, 1 dare ay ho wouldn't make c. b.i-J -n-Y: said Krank. A ftw weeks after DitUoii's vi^it i^agmeer Forrester was unexpectedly traii-ferrcd to a bow railway nearJy a hundred miles away, whi-:h was being constructed through a broken and thickly wooded track in the heart of the mountains. This was anything but a t-hange for the better for pp. a1 'Frank, whose new house was mcr- 1 v a rude hut in the midst of the jungle, very different from the snug little livwja'ov: (villa) in which he had received Dick Dalton. And, worse still, he had to inhabit this dreary placo all by himself ; for as there happened to be an an- iunt nativehmi.il ground close to it, the fear of encountering a Ihool (ghost) was so strong among the superstitious Cingalese that the boldest of them would not have ventured, ii'-ar the spot :iftor dark for any money that Frank could have offered. But he was not altogether desert -.-d, for there would have been no possibility of persuading ' Kornegallo Jack''' to .stay behind, even had his master wished it ; and in this lonoly and dismal spot, with not a single man near him whom h« could trust, the companionship and affection wen of an elephant wcro of no small v.nluo to the solitary vxiln. For a whole mouth our hero toiled away iko a man, up cnrly and down late, pressing on tho work with might .and main, mid earning rom his nativo workmen an unpronounceable Tamil nickname of ten or eleven syllables, implying 'The whito man who never sleeps.' In fact he hardly ever did sleep for the first few nights, c-vpecting to be attacked at any moment by wild buists or robbers, for in this savage region there were plenty of both. iSure enough, one night he saw the_ fiery eyes of a huge panther glaring in at him through the window bars ; and a few days later he found a deadly snake wriggling out of his bad with a sharp hiss just as he was going to get into ifc. But this, so Frank philosophically re marked, was 'all in the day's work;' and he was just beginning to enter into the spirit of this strange life, and to settle down to it com fortably enough, when there came a sudden and startling interruption. About the end of his fifth week in this n6W place he came home late one night from a hard day's work, so thoroughly tired o-.it that he had hardly lain down when he was fast asleep. But about midnight he awoke with astarb, and half raising himself looked around him with a vague haunting sense of some imminent danger. Xothing unusual, however, was to be seen, and just at first there was nothing to be heard ; but all at once the practised hunter's quick ear caught a faint sound just outside the door, as if the teeth of a rat were nibbling at the wood work. Then it swung softly open (the fasten ines havins been skilfullv nut from thn nut side), and in the doorway stood three tall, gaunt, shadowy forms, which a faint glimmer of moonlight showed to be armed with long knives. The house- was beset by native robbers '. Just when Frank least expected it the peril for which he had watched so long had come upon him. A report had got abroad that the white man kept in his hat a large sum of money intended to pay his laborers ; and this was quite enough for the fierce mountain men around him, who, though fully as superstitious as their neighbors, would have faced all the ghosts in Eastern mythology for a good chance of plunder. Tlie brave young fellow clutched at his revolver, but it was not to be found ; it bad slipped from its place, and there was no time to hunt for it in the darkness. Catching up his heavy iron-spiked staff, he stood grimly at bay, facing undauntedly the cruel eyes and keen-bladed knives of the robbers. There was, however, one chance left for him, and he took it. Possibly his pet elephant might still be awake, and within call; so Frank gave the well-known signal whistle, and added to it a lusty shout of 'Jack'' At this unexpected summons the three ruffians (who had supposed him to be quite i alone) paused for a moment in wonder and dismay, and that one moment made all the difference. There ?was a crash and a trampling outside— a hoarse discordant scream of rage, like the blast of a cracked trumpet — and down went the tallest of the three brigands as if struck by lightning beneath a resounding whack from the trunk of Frank's four-footed sentry. The two other villains, thoroughly scared by this strange and formidable attack, took to their heels at once. But they were not destined to get off so easily, for the trusty Jack, whose blood was thoroughly up at this assault upon his adored master, pursued so hotly after the flying thieves that one of them fell head foremost into a wet and muddy ditch, ana tne otner couia only escape tne eiepnanc s rush by plunging recklessly into a thick clump ofj thorn bushes, which scratched him so thoroughly from head to foot that he looked like a railway map done in red ink. 'Well done, Jack, my boy,' cried_ our hero, stroking approvingly the huge flapping ears of his rescuer, when the latter came back from the chase. 'Old Dick told me that I ought to make a watchman of you, and, 3pon my word, you've acted as one to good purpose this tinie.:! —Harper's Young People. The monthly meeting of tho committee of the Chamber of Manufactures was held in the Exhibition Buildings on Monday, there being present Mr. J. Duncan, president of the chamber, (in the chair), Messrs. J. Anderson, W. Burford, A. W. Dobbie, W. W. Forwood, L. P. Lawrence, G. Marks, G. Stace, and W. Clark (secretary). Messrs. Chas. Mallen and K. MeMichen were elected members of the chamber. The finance com mittee recommended the payment! of accounts amounting to £26 15s. 'id,, and also that £10 should be expended in providing additional books for the library. The secretary reported that the attendance at the reading-room of the library, which had been opened to the public during the evenings of the last three weeks, was very small, but that the readers attending had expressed satisfaction at the action of the com mittee in opening the library. The committee regretted that the attendance was not larger. The secretary also reported that during the month members of the committee had visited Messrs. Cameron & Co.'s tobacco factory, and had also been present at a test of Mr. Shear ing's cement. An application was received for the hue of cliairs belonging to the chamber. This was declined on the grounds that the com mittee should not interfere with traders who provide chairs for purposes of hire. It was also reported that Mr. P. Xewman liad pro mised to lecture under the auspices of the chamber at an early date upon the Mildura and llenmark Irrigation colonies, the lecture to be illustrated by lime light views. A letter was received from the Chamber of Commerce, London, inviting the committee to appoint representatives to attend a congress to be held in London in 1S92. Iti was decided to request any members of the chamber who may be in England at the time of the conference to act on behalf of this com mittee. An invitation was received, from Messrs, J. C. Genders & Co. to visit their factorv at an early date. It was resolved that an advertisement be in serted in the daily papers stating that Messrs. ►Stevenson Bros.3 gold medal presented to the Industrial Exhibition, but for wliieh no ex hibit had been considered worthy, together with a sum of £10 from the funds of the chamber, be presented for the best invention or industry introduced to public notice during a period of 12 months from the close of the exhibition. The directors of the Eastern Ext-ensioa, Australasia, and China Telegraph Company, in the report which was submitted to the thirty sixth meeting held last month, stated that the gross receipts for the half-year ended Juno 30, including Government subsidies, amounted to £26i,87S Cs. lid., against £234,856 18s. 10d. for the corresponding half-year of 1S90. The working expenses, including £17j318 5s. lid. for cost of repairs to cables and expenses of ships, absorbed £71,476 15s. Sd., against £7(i,G70 J)s. 3d. for tho corresponding period of 1S90, leaving a balance of £193.401 lls. 3d. From this was deducted £2,981 17s. Id. for in WIU*^ Ij*\\.\, hVUj\J(T in. uui xvjt utu^Li^jy ***** debentures, debenture stock, and eontributipu to sinking fund, and £2,179 10a, 2d. for special expenditure, leaving £155,105 9s. 7d. as tho net profit for the half-year. One quarterly interim dividend of 1 } per cent, amounting to £33,250 had been paid during the half-year, and another of like amount would be distri buted on October 15, leaving £92,CG5 9s. 7d. to Ijc carried forward. All tho 6 per cent, deben tures that were outstanding when_ the last re port was issued had been paid off and cancelled, and the Stock Exchange had granted an official quotation in the new 4 per cent, debenture stock, which stood in the market at a considerable premium. The report adds — ' The guarantee arrange ment made with certain of the Austra lasian colonies for testing the effect of a 4s. rate to Australia came into operation on the 1st May last, and the increase of traffic result ing from the reduction of tariff is so far encouraging. As, however, the accounts em brace only two months' receipts at the reduced tariff it is too early to form any reliable opinion as to the result of tliis important experiment. In accordance with the arrange ments entered into with the Indian Govern ment the company's station at Elephant Point (Rangoon) has been closed, and a considerable portion of the cable between Elephant Point and Penang picked up and utilised elsewhere. An arrangement has been concluded with tlie Dutch Government for connecting by sub marine cable, Sumatra with Penang, so as to bring the Netherlands' Indian Government telegraphs into direct communication with the conipsiiy's system at Penang. Tlie cable for this purpose will be taken from the company's depot at Singapore, and laid in the couree of tho next few months.' 'Now. little boys, can you tell me,7' said a Colnmbu's teacher, ' what the effect of tobacco is upon the system':' Little- Billy, who has wivstlcd with his first chew, promptly hold up his hand. 'Well, B-lly, what is tiiy -jKeet ::- ' Ma !*-??£ yj wiflit ye v.uz ck- ad.'' n 