Some people are' so fond of prosecutions that tliey actually try to drug respectable men into the dock. ' It is perfectly well " known," we are told, " tliat Mr. Justice "Holroyd. gran ted. an-injunction--for. -six " weeics only, and that . the liquidator lias "Jong:.since been ' at \ liberty, to apply the "fnnds of the association in payment of ' ' the £4000 odd costs. " li this he so, why are Mr. Templeton's friends so eager to dip their hands into the public Treasury '! If any people other than Mr. Templeton are called upon to pay the costs in question, they are undoubtedly the shareholders and depositors in the Premier Permanent Building Society, who were presumedly represented by their liquidator. Unfortunately for this con tention, the Supreme Court lias decided that the fnnds of the association must not be employed for the purpose. We of course take exception at once to the astounding legal opinion volunteered to us, that as the injunction granted by Mr. Jus tice Holroyd was only for six weeks, Mr. Templeton was quite at liberty at the end of that period to apply the funds of the association to the payment of the amounts referred to in the prohibition. " This view assumes that - a- certain procedure of the Supreme Court . was a farce, anil that the ' issue debated in it was whether' Mr.'. Templeton. could pay his lawyers' fees out of a certain public fund in ready money or by cheques postdated six weeks.. We venture to say that his Honor Judge Holroyd never thought of lending himself to any such transparent juggle. We take it that the operation' of the order of the Court was to prevent at any time the funds of the association being applied to the payment of expenses in certain prosecutions which had been institutpil, or of any otliprs which might he instituted within a period of six weeks from the date of the order. The limitation of time in the order is easily comprehensible to people who are not suffering from the aflliction of " worse than ordinary ignorance." On the receipt of further information tho shareholders and depositors in the Premier Permanent . Building Society might have felt themselves justified in instructing the liquidator to take other criminal proceedings than those already instituted against some per son or persons, and it was not for tho judge to debar them of their right to do so. But the prohibition was absolute so far as any thing which had already been done was concerned, or anything of a similar nature which. might have been undertaken within the six -weeks following the issue of the order of the Court. It is veiy .cruel to . Mr. .Templeton to persuade hiin that he may. pay that £4000 odd. out of the funds of the estate he is liquidating. Even the people who tell him he has a right to do it apparently know better, for they are extremely anxious that tho amount shall come out of the pockets of the taxpayers of this colony. If Mr. Templeton can pay the amount out of the trust funds under his control, therd is surely no reason why he should make an ad miscrtcordiam appeal to Parliament. An attempt is made on the part of Mr. Templeton's somewhat indiscreet friends in tho Press to attribute our defence of the public purse to a desire to screen offenders. The question at issue now is not con nected with tho prosecution of alleged offonders at all, but whether the exer cise of patronage of the Bar by ' Mr. Templeton on a certain occasion shall be at the expense of the country or at liis own. We have always contended that if there were to .he prosecutions in connection with the affairs of this associa tion should be conducted by. Ae. Crown, but we object altogether to a' private person squandering £4000 on lawyers' fees in the partial investigation of a committal case in tho polico court, and then coolly asking the public to pay the bill. Tho only reply attempted to he made to our complaint that Mr. Templeton did not in the first (nstnnco proceed under the 149th section of the Companies Stntuto is, " it was open to the " liquidated to let civil proceedings follow ".the criminal charges, and so obtain some "recoup to tho shareholders." The answer to that is simple enough. - Mr. Templeton entered upon a prosecution which eventuated in two men being sen tenced to 12 nnd 18 months' imprisonment respectively on tho scnlo of magnitude of a great State trial. The highly feed Bar for the prosecution required a correspond ing expenditure on the part of tho defence, nnd if tho persons charged had had any of tho funds of tho association, thoso funds would have been dissipated- in lcgnl ex penses, and the shareholders would not have had the ghost of a chance of a recoup: Tho woes of Mr. Templeton over this question of costs are not so very terrible after all. . It was stated - in open court by: learned counsel that if "it' were found that Mr. Templeton liad to be personally responsible for tboir foes, those fees would bo remitted, and tiioy very well may, we think, in . consideration of the liancjjpmo amounts which they have drawn from the State for the subsequent conduct of the cases. Tliat, however, is a matter between Mr. Templeton, and his lawyers. All the public has to do with the question is to see that no private person shall exercise patronage at the expense' of tho com munity. . In 1856 Emerson, treating of titles, wrote : — " They belong, with wigs, powder and " scarlet coats, to an earlier age, and may " ho advantageously consigned, with paint ' £ nnd tattoo,' to tlic dignitaries of " Australia and. Polynesia." Tho words of the Boston mystic seem prophetic. To-day the dignitaries of Australia are rejoicing in the brand now honors which Her Majesty has . been graciously pleased to confer on them. We must confess that we cannot address these carpet knights as " Sir?' without a certain twitching of the muscles. To quote Emerson again, " the " ltiwyor, the farmer, the silk inercer lies "perdu under the. coronet, and winks to " the antiquary to say nothing." ; Alas for. our Australian dignitaries ; all the winking in the world can avail them nothing ; their neighbors remember tliem as ' ill- paid lawyers' clerks, 'as hardy sons "of the soil or persuasive knights of the yard stick. They are self made men; they .are nobodies' sons; they lack that exquisite repose which stamps tho cast of Vere de Yere. That certain of them began life witli empty pockets, that thoy conquered fortune by patient industry, is to their credit. As men we respected our Australian folk of title, as knights we are disposed to jeer at. them, even as Thackeray jeered at his Sir Thomas Bobus, worthy citizen and gifted soap boiler, on melting day. The man of title has ceased to he leader either on the battle field or in the senate. His foes declare that he is a mere simulacrum ; his apologists declare that his very perfect breeding, liis very finished courtesy, render liiin a social salt of incal culable value. In this particular sense we cannot say that our Australian titled ones are as salt which lias lost its savor ;. they are ratlier as a spurious salt which never possessed the Attic flavor of true chloride of sodium. We nre not dis posed to wax very indignant anent the folly of -the politicians, land boomers and stock brokers who from time to tiihe'. have accepted a knighthood that they might make their Joans " my lady." That women not specially remarkable for beauty or wit should covet a something which may servo 'as that jc ne sais quoi which Chesterfield- tells us every daughter of Eve possesses or hankers after, is natural. Our aristocracy has not won its honors basely, as the founders of illustrious houses who aided Henry VIII.' to- roli the monasteries, or who relieved Charles -II.1 of his cast off' mis tresses. Probably none of them -will desolate vast tracts as the Sutherlands have done, will rob the 'poor of the money bequeathed them by pious ancestors as the Norths did, or will emulate the Fanes whom Froude roundly accuses of theft. If their titles perish with them no great harm will he done; they will spread their feathers peacock fashion, exciting the envious admiration of a few simpletons, and afford ing the many a laugh not quite untinged with contempt. But to titles which descend from father to son, from tho shrewd man who made the money to the compla- cent booby who squanders it, wo object much more strongly. A snobocracy we must havo, human nature being what it is, but we need not predestinate men snobs by making them heirs to titles which will cause a little mob of sycophants to fawn on tliem from the hour, at which they out thqir. teeth to the day on which, snns. oyds,' 'sun ii teeth, stiris everything, they lie onfchcir state-beds ready trussed for the undertaker. - - - One very real objection to titles is in the - fact that they do 'actually change the natures of the men who bear. them. When the duke or' dux was a leader in fact as in name, the cluinge wrought in him by his investiture was doubtless a beneficial one. He knew that to turn his hack on the foe was to be thrust rudely aside, perchance to ho quietly put out of the way by liis disgusted folln\v>-o- But in this nineteenth oontury, when dukes, so far from being leaders, are the sheepish followers of wily politicians, noblesse oblige loses its meaning. So it happens that the knight of to-day falls into the mood so graphically described by the Bastard in King John, and exclaims — ' Woll now can I mako any Joan a lady- Good den, Sir Iliclrard— god a mercy fellow And If Ids name bo Oeorgu I'll call liim Peter, For new made honor dotli forget men's names. To this forgetting of men's names, to this ludicrous assumption of superiority, the knighted nobody is specially prone. Tie accepted his title that his wife might wglYi to tho diningroom before certain yf 'her rivals. Ho is aware that he is a poor crea ture, and the consciousness renders him uneasy. But the evil goes deeper than this. Lord Burghlcy astonished the elec tors of Northamptonshire by informing them that he was . a Conservative "by birth and education." Wlmfc more natural than that a lord should inherit Tory principles with the title? So it will-bo in Australia, the sons of our Sir Bobus or Our Sir Martin Marr-all will attach themselves to the " gentlemanly "interest." In England knighthood or baronetcy lias a price almost as definitely fixed as in the days of King James. The merest tyro in electioneering matters Is aware that the unsuccessful candidate, who spends a given number of thousands in contesting seats the winning of which is well nigh hopeless, will receive honors exactly pro portioned to his expenditure. To brew much beer, to sell much gin, to buy land with the ill gotten gains and to terrorise luckless tenants, is but one of the many reputable methods by which men secure seats in the House of Lords for themselves and their ofl'spring. There was talk of establishing an order of Minerva for the special behoof of literary men, talk which Thackeray ridiculed in liis happiest style. Let fashionable physi cians, painters whose genius is for portrait ure- of flattering sort,- and their fellows, be diihbod Sir Thomas or Sir Jolin ; themnn whose name is dear to thousands of his countrymen, whosci hours of waariness he has sulacod, may woll roinain plain Charles Dickens or William Makepeace Thackeray. Of course it is well that merit should he recognised, woll that as on a. recent occasion the Legislature should bestow tho thanks of the country on a man who has served it well. But why offer the man who has dono right nobly for his fel lows the toy which is bestowed on the suc cessful brewer, the rejected candidate or the illiterate mayor who chances to unveil the statue of a royal nonentity? If rank we must have, let us revive that lost brotherhood, the ' Knights of the Order of Fouls, which flouristied from the fourteenth to the seventeenth century. Its insignia were a jester and cap and bells on a yellow ground. For admission to such an nrdor the mpst conscientious of statesmen might, nominate not a few of his own followers and a host of his opponents. . If. by any chance a. man of brain were condemned to bear, tho knightly badge, lie would have the satisfac- tion of realising that it would probably sib happily on his not remote descendants. -Ib is not of the Stuart family alone that we may exclaim " So ran the far-fara'ed Appian " way, so ended in the miro." TnE dispute between lodges and' doctors, is an old one, and does not seem to develop- much. The relations between the con stituted bodies and their medical officers arc founded->on the principle .of competi tion, and woTiardly see why m.edical men should complain so loudly about club jxrac- tice, seeing that the fraternity oagerly com- pete for it. Theyoung doctor seeks the lodge practice ns a stepping stone to something better, and generally growls when ha obtains the appointment. It may be freely conceded that the terms upon which lodges obtain ,the services of modioal men tire unfair to the latter except in large centres of population. Fourteen or fifteen shillings per member -.per year in a country town will hot pay for tho attendance demanded by a few families who are always sick, because sickness is the only luxury they can command, the' attendance of the doctor and the medicines ho prescribescostingnothing. The societies, however, are ' gradually acquiring ism intelligent grasp of the position. Tfaria was' when they contracted with the medical man "to supply attendance and medicine, and in" the competition of the doctors the -value . of the medicine was- entirely ignored. It followed that the Club medicines were comprised in tho contents of . two .large bottles, the one containing Epsoin salts and the other quassia. Both substances could be. bought for a few shillings a liundredweiglnS and sufficed for all purposes. If a pnlieuib were debilitated he wanted a tonic and got quassia ; if his disorder was of an. inflammatory character, the antiphlogistic treatment was indicated, nnd . magnesia sulphate was administered. Perhaps the average number of cures under this system did not differ very much from that of private practice. It occurred,, however, to some of the brighter lights o£ the societies that the medical ollieers. under this system had a direct interest in limiting the cost of the medicines they supplied, and they introduced a practice of contracting with the medical . man for attendance and with, the chemist Tor the supply of the modicines ' ordered. This wtm . an-. obvious advantage to the sbcieties, , because, the . medical officer ii'ad no personal motive for. refraining: from ordering a drug because it was- expensive. "Whether the chemist who took the contract for a price which could nob possibly pay was always hoii,.'«hd<lid Mb sometimes substitute salicine for qvri'mne. we' cannot say, but the. tyniptjofl was obviously there. It was perhaps Alue To this consideration that in ninny centres of population the societies combined, to main tain " pharmacy of their own, employing, a chemist at a fixed' salary to dispense the prescriptions of the medical officers, of the lodges. Ilcre was an o.bvious gain. Neither' doctor . nor. chemist . had any interest in . stinting the patient of "the medicaments lie required. Once we come- to a salaried chemist,, why not have a. salaried doctor? That question seems -to- have presented itself to the friendly societies of Queensland, who u have appointed three permanent doctors at the modest salary of £550 each, and who are to devote themselves entirely to attendance upon the members ' of the lodges. This is the reasonable -out come of the Friendly' Society system, although the salaries given aro too low "to secure permanently tho service?, of- good men. Cheap physic, like cheap law, is apt to he nastier than oven physic normally is. But tho idea erf medical officers rendering exclusive services; for a fixed remuneration is tho correct- one, and we may look forward to its ulti mate adoption all over Australia. 