TURF NEWS. EVENTS HEQCiniXO ATTENTION. Elsewhere -will be found the programme of tho Botany Pony Racing and Trotting Club for August 25. It roiula as follows: — Ploodvalo Handicap (13.3 , twico round; Bunnerong Handicap (13.0, twice round; Ln Perouse Handicap (12.2 , onco round; Barnum Handicap (11.3 , oneo round ; and Galloway Trot (14.2 and ?' under), 1 milo. Entries close this evening at ' Bundigo'8,' George-street:. Sir. IT. Seale, secretary to Canterbury Park Galloway, Pony and Trotting Club, annouucoa that his next meeting will eventuate on the 27th, when tho following prograuimo will be run off : — Flying Han dicap, of BO sovs (H.I), 6 furlougsj Pony Handicap, of 30 sova (14.0), GJ furlongs; Welter Handicap, of 30 sovs (14.2), lowest weight 7st 71b, 5J furlouga; Soiling Kace, of 80 eova (14.1), 5 furlongs; Distance Trot, of 30 Bovs, 2 miles; aud Galloway Handicap, of SO sovs (14.2), 1 mile. En tries close lit S p.m. on Friday, and weight* will bo declared on the 24th. The newly-formed IUawarra Racing Club will eelubrato its first meeting 'on Wednesday and Thursday, September 9 und 10, whon the uudurmontioiiod pro gramme will be run off: — First day: 'Opening Handicap of 40 sovs, 6 furlongs ; Trial Stakes of 40 sovs, 1 mile ; Wollon gong Handicap of 100 bovs, 1 milo 3 fur longs; Selling Kace of 00 sovs, 1 mile; und Plying Handicap of 40 sovs, 7 fur longs. Second day : District Puree of 40 bovs, onco round ; Novel Kace of DO sovs (a selling race), 7 furlongs ; Town Plato of SO sovs, ]} mile; Kembla Stakes of 40 sovs, 7 furlongs ; and Tom Thumb Handi cap of CO sovs, 1 mile. Nominations for full programme closo with the hon. secre tary, Sir. J. A. itoatson, on Monday, August 31. In our business columns appears a noti fication from Mi\ Dan M'Leod, membor of Tattersall's Club. New Zealand,.inforuiing backers that lie can be found in tho Loger reserve at all meetings, whoro he is pre pared to accommodate all comers. The two paintings of Wild Roso placed in the hands of that well-known artist. Mr. 1\ Childs, have been faithfully oxoxcuted according to order, and have given every satisfaction. This rising artist should §oon find his hands full. The bay colt by Goldsbrongh — Queen of the Forest, the dam of Myall King and Theodore (Myall King being the winnor of three Viceroy Cups iu India in succession) has been named Glitters. Ho is a big lakish-looking colt, and if his breeding is worth anything he should be heard of nhortly. Glitters is, we notice, ongagod for the two-year-old event on the 29th at Bandwiclr. Some time ago a project was started for the formation of a racing company at Wollongong to take tho place of tho old Turf.Clnb. The result has so far been very satisfactory to tho promoters. The proposed capital was .El'OOO, in as many shares. The whole of the shares have been taken up and allotted locally. Tho direc tors and other necessary officials have been appointed, and no time has been lost before commencing active operations. A two days' meeting for September 9 and 10 is advertised, and already horses are being located in view of tho meeting. From present expectations the first meeting under the new management bids fair to be. vary successful. Tho nominations for tho TVagga Gold Cup, Town Plate, and Hurdle Kace, run at the annual spring meeting of tho Miurum bidgee Turf Club on August 21 and Sep tember 1, aro tho largest received for these events for some years. Tho rncecoursa is in good order. Among the horses training tliero now aro Bronzewing, Roebuck, Asso ciate, Omeo, Oudois — Latima filly, Es mond, Oarie, Elton, Oliver Twist, Simon, Myrtle, JIos3 Rose. Transit, Emerald colt, Rushlight, Tho Dude, May Day. The Joker, Fairy King, Sundown, Guinea, Wanda filly, Tumbernmba, Ariadne. The following are shortly expected to arrive :— Tapanui, J 5, Piety. Stella Dean, Sandal, Eurobie, Frantic, Strike a Light, Ghost, Salome. , On July lfl we published an outlino of the career of 'C.K.C.' or ' Chatty Rhys' of the Eimliali Sfoiitikq Times. Tho fol lowing pitiful comments on the funeral of the deceased, written by Captain Hayes to the Indian PiASTEEs' Gazette, will tend to serve to illustrate how littlo we are thought of when wo'ro gone. Ho says : — 'We buried poor ' Chat' Rhys, the sweet ?tinging poot of tho Sportixo Trans, who UBed to write under the initial C.C.R., in the Finchley cemetery. The only announce ment of the time and place of his burial was contained in tho Kefebee. There was u very well written and sympathetic obituary notice of poor Rhys in tho Si'OR tino Times, the pathos expended on which appeared to have exhausted the feelings of the staff of 02 Fleet-street, for I did not see any of them present. There was a monrning conch containing three ladies and a couple of gentlemen, a hansom with a couplo of mon in it, and myself in a fly. While the Bervice was going on in tho church two more men came in, and that was all. For the sake of being a charming com panion and faithful friend to thoso who would not take tho trouble to Gee him buried, poor C.C.K. squandered his ample fortune and raro gifts God had given him. Hero wan the endofthatcursed human race, good fellowship. The scene at the gravo was very painful, for the young lady to whom he had been engaged sobbed and cried in all the misery of a broken heart. Aa we stood by with uncovered heads while thi clergyman read the burial service, I could not hejp thinking of a similar scene when wo buried poor Mr. Woodyoar (pro prietor of Woodyoar's Circus) last year 1h Calcutta. Thon it was the widow of our friend and the mother of his fatherless children that wopt by tho grave with far bitterer cause. This is not much of a-wor!d upon which to set one's affection.' The famous stallion Jlortemer, Bi're of Apremont and Chamant (winner of tho Two Thousand Guineas), died at the Brookdale stud farm. New Jersey, in May last. The horse was bred in Ir»nc« in 1865, and during his turf career, which extended over four years, he ran in fifty races, being successful twenty-six times. He won over all distances carrying heavy imposts. As a Jive-year.old he secured the Stookbcidge Cup in England, and returning to the Continont won five of the aiz eventa in which he ran ; one of tho races was over 2 miles, and Mortetner car ried lOat 111b. His principal success 83 a iix-year-old waq in tho Ascot Gold Cup. When fifteen years old he wa3 purchased for America by Mr. Pierre Lorillard. the price being 5150gs. Mortemer changed hands again when ho was twenty-one, but as ho was then showing aign3 of age it was at a very much reduced, figure. ] n 1885 ho was second in the winning sires of America, and his stock hav.e always bflon eagerly purchased. Among tho other good ones got by Slortenierjjoforo he left liia ', 'native ' land' was Vernouil, winner of the Gold Vase, Gold Cup, and Alexandra Plate at Ascot. [Apremont is the sire of Moraine, now in Mr. W. Duggan'o stable at Randwick, and -many good winitora in Kew Zealand.] 