OUR RIFLEMEN AND CRICKETERS lb IN MELBOURNE. el THE ALEXANDRA SECTION h sCOOP THE POOL. d GREAT SUCCESS IN THE a ARENA. £54 WON IN PRIZES. t1 It was a happy coincident that brought p about a visit to Melbourne of our d mounted riflemen and cricketers at the ii same time, both on conquest bent The o two teams vied with each other as to a which should bring home the most scalps, g and although the victory lay with our t warriors bold, as was only right that it ii should, yet ;t is questionable if the lc wielders of the willow have not more I than made up for their defeat by the b pleasures and festivities'which they have t been participators in through the instru- a mentality of the North Melbourne Cricket s Club. Next to a week at the Easter b encampment of our land forces, there is r nothing we know of more conducive to I knocking off the rough cornersofouryouth f than such a visit to the city as has just I been paid, and we venture to say, putting i aside pleasure, that there is not one out v of the whole number sent down who has s not gained sonce experience from the trip. I For our boys make themselves busy when a away. There are no loafers in the cr,wd. s And they are willing to rub shoulders I with anyone that can teach them any- a thing. and lose no opportunity of seeing t all that is to be seen worth seeing in the time at their disposal. They are to be 1 seen at the St. Kilda baths early in the I morning, and prior to the bell ringing to commence play on the cricket ground or r to take their places in the arena, they are t to be met in (groups viewing the 1 grandeur and admiring the beauties I of the Anglican Cathedral recently I opened, or in inspecting the best sights I that the city of the South can produce. t or at the cattle yards, or in the ware- I houses, or in listening to the wonderful phonograph. 'I hey are to be met with d at all places of interest in the city at t such times, save, of course, when the r I inner man cries out that his hour for 1 attention has arrived. And attention She gets, for a better lot of trenchermen never left their homes. The proprietors of the Caf6 Anglais or the Parer Bros. have seldom or never made less or saffered more by their patrons than by their visitors from Alexandra on this occasion. The storage capacity of our ° cricketers and military men is immense, and if the refrigerating process could be e introduced into their systems they would a make grand carriers of condensed pro duce to ,market. That they are not wanting in pluck may be guaged from the , fact that our ounted riflemen entered a the.l'ts agai t. all comers, though they r are oat no ices in the use of arms, Sa ricketers faced a team in thi ided men who had repre in the cricketing fields npossible to write in too f of the exploits of our s ees ed riflenomn. For four mep. 'inent to perform the Soxt d. unparalleled feaý of" .r winb t and four second prizes t out o ents open i, the colonies is o v TIh Sergeant Hardy and Prix a mlPrray, Cookson and Sampson , may 'ou- Je proud. 'Their success was not \- obtai d in anyhaphazardmanner. A vic * tory is hardly ever won withoutprecceding . labor, although unfortunately, too many ol on y riflemen think the laurel may be Y gaieid with littleor no preparatory effort. These men worked hard to fit themselves 1\. for the contests they had entered for, and y they have reaped the fruits of their labor L and are deserving of all they have won. Y It is no small honor to Alexandra that t these good soldiers have obtained for her. of They have made the name of .the place resound through the whole colony, and 1 brought fame upon themselves and the a district they have so worthilyrepresented. e" The shire should be proud of its detach ment of mounted rifles, for although this is the greatest achievement that its mem bt hers have won, it is not the first or the ra second time that our mounted riflemen ho have spread the famie of the place abroad 5\. by their deeds. There is little doubt but i that the Alexandra detachment will be n asked to furnish some men to proceed to as En.land and take part in the great e military tournament to be held in London j. in May or June next, and\ whoever we ad send we may rest assured thiat they will th not discredit Alexandra or Victoria. io Out of a total of some 70 odd pounds Sgiven in prizes for the military competi ee tions alone on Monday last, the four as gentlemen mentioned won £54, which is Smade up as follows, viz : d Sergeant Hardy, lst, tent pegging, £7 at Sergeant Hardy, 1st, lemon cutting, £10 SPrivate Murray. Ist. tilling at ring, J£10 Private Murray, 2nd. lemon cuttiog, £? Private Murray,2nd, hieadsand posts, £3 d Private Sampson, :lst, Victoria Cross, SPrivate Cookson, 2nd, tent pegging, £3 p Private Cookson, 2nd, Victoria Cross, £3 ed The team of four, 1st, section jumping, or £5. 11 The record is truly a wonderful one, 1\. and will long redonmd to the credit of Sthe men. n If, however, in military competitions s we were victorious, in cricketing we were SthIe reverse, although the defeats were no disgrace. It would be too much to ex f pect any country teani to make a suc e cessful stand against such renowned cricketers as the M'Ilwraithsa (2), , Edwards, Dieckson, Figgis. Swift, Shbee S&e.;, and it would lie absurb to presume I that a team uwhich had to travel from SAlexandra to Melbourne in the morning and play immediately after arrival there Swould make the ghost of a stand against such n!en as the Melbourne Cricket COlu sent into the field. Certainly the play of lhmrnard would seemn to contra dit such an argumipct, but on a good turf wicket the gentleman named has few superiors rcut of Nclbonurne, and his batting on this occasion was of such a character as to call forth the praise of the best cricketers on the ground. His performance against such bowling as hle had to face the whole innings throughl was the feature of the day, and was in deed a sterling display of true cricket and good defence. The Melbourne Club ent-rtained the Alexandrans at lunch in the pavilion on the arrival of the latter, at which a few representatives of the city club were present. The mnatch commenced irmne diately after, Captain Stillman sending n in Barnard and Brownell to the bowling 1, of Dickson and Shre. Brownell made 2 6 and retired in favor of Webb who, was I given stumped out before he had time to score. The captain followed, and tihe ill luck that has attended him in all local matches was present on the Mel bourne ground, for he was bowled at once by Dicks n. Gordon next appeared at the crease, and with Barnard played steadly for a long time, runs coming slowly but surely. After In runs had been made by the pair Gordon was given run out after making 9, H. Robinson, n W. WhViting and the brothers Mlendell a followed, averaging 1 run each. F. Ml'Rae started well with 4 to the fence, but after adding 1 to his score fell a a victim to D)ickaon. Denby followed and stayed at the wickets for some time while e Barnard increased the total by more than C a dozen runs, when a trimmer from Shee p sent the former player back after making 4\. Oates, Munckton and Grahame added 2 and W. Stillman 7 to the score, t the latter being given "stumped," iarnatd went in first and carried his t bat out, his score of 82 being nearly a half the total number made by the whole t 15 players. A short adjournment was made, after which the Alexandrans spent the remainder of the afternoon in leather hunting, as may be guaged from the fact that six of thse iMelbourne men t knocked tp a score of 272. Before our c local men had all dressed themselves t there was not a member of the )Mel- 9 bourne club to be seen on the ground or in the pavilion except swift, who certainly did his best to show courtesy to the visiting team. and took several of the e members over the rooms. The follow- I is the result : ALEXANDRA. Barnardt, not out ... ... 32 C Brownell, b Dickson ... 2... 1 J. Webb, at Dickson ... ... 0 A. Stillman, b Dickson ... 0 Gordon, run out ... ... 9 Robinson, b D)ickson . ... 1 Whiting, b Dickson ... ... 0 R. Blondell, b Shee . ... 1 G. Bleadell, a sub, b Shee ... 2 Mt'Rae, b Dickson ... ... 5 Denby, b She ... 4 Oates, b Dickson ... ... I blunckton, b Dickson 0 Graham, b Shee .. 1 VtW. Stillman, at Shee ... ... 7 Sundries ... ... 7 Total .. ... ... 65 ME.LBovaNs CmIOxaT CLoU. Green, b Brownell ... ... 10 1 Edwards, lbw b Denby ... 128 Dickson, e M'Ra,', b Munckton ... 22 D. M'Ilwraith, b Brownell ... 53 Figgis, at Graham ... ... 27 Shee, not out ... ... 20 * Sundries ... .. 12 r Total . ... ... 272 -Sonday was devoted by the majority of he. ladal men to a trip down the bay, and i ; tt?hevening a goodly numbehr of s th ttended service in the new cathedral. g i .ldar-?-n ', P.U"pL' oany or the trip d the iboys then had the pleasure of re n .wind their acquaintance with the jorial St and splendid fellows comprising the North Melbourne teaml. As a matter of fact, from the arrival of the train at North Melbourne g on Saturday morning to the departure of y the Alexandra club on Tuesday evening o some members of the North Melbourne t. team were continually showing our boys is attention, and nothing could exceed the kindness displayed tharoughout the whole trip by Messrs. Bean, G. Young, Stuckey, r Drape and other North Melbourneites. The I. cricket mnatch was a delightful one, as is t always the caoe between these two teams, r. and taptain Smith deserves every credit for his successful endeavour to make the game d interesting and that the glory should not be all on one side. The umpires, too, l (both North Melbourne men) were imbued * with the same fair-mindedness and im partiality, and as in all mlatches occasions a will arise in wliieh there is a shadow of a I- doubt as to whether the decision shall be t in or out, so aere there many similar in n stances in this match, but on every such d occasion the benefit of the doubt was given to the Alexandra men. The game was It the most pleasant one yet played by the a Alexandra club, and the treatment on the o ground was everything that could be tt desired. As wil be seen by the scores the 11 game was evenly contested, considering the merits of the two teams, while the 11 bowling of Stillman, Barnard, and Whiting was an imrrovement on their Saturday's t" performance, as was only to be expected s under the different conditions. In the i- first innings HIighlett played in aptended ir form, his 31 tleing the outnoume of is meritorious cricket. Webb played well for 14, and could probably have made a big ecore but for the ball running up his 7 bat into the hands of the wicket- keeper, 0 while Bernard was equally tnfortnateo in 0 being caught ifteri making 10. None of 8 the others reached double figures. In the 3 second innings the boys made a much better beginning, no the total of 95 for five * wickets lshows. Webb matde 25, Barnardi 17, Phelps 14, and Gordon 21. while 3 l'Rae was playing in good f,rmn when the 3 bell rang denouin e that time was up. Appendid are te th rs : ALEXAN.DRA-Firat Innings. Barnard c Nairn b Armstrong ... 10 S W. Veitch b Franks ... ... . I f Phelps c .mith b Franks ... 2. Webb c Franke b Carlton ... 14 Hiighett b Carlton ...... 31 Stillman run out ... ... 6 C CGordon b Carlton ... ... 0 o M'Rae st Bear b Drapoe ... 0 Whiting b Dra pao ... ,.. 0 RIt. C. Blunden b Nairn ,, 1 S G. Blunden h A. Carlton .,. olobinson st Bear b Drape 8 Russell b Drape .. 3 S I)enby b Drape ... ' o Munckton b Drape ... 5 Byston b D)rape .. .. 2 Hamilton not out .. ... SA. Veitch b Oliver ...... 2 Byes ... ... ... 14 Total ... ... - ... 103 Bowling Analysis.-Franka 60 balls, 1 e maiden, 25 runs, 2 wickete; .Ans.trong, 48 Sballs, 4 maidens, 12 runs, i wicket.; Drape, 6 hballs, 1 maiden, 25 runs, 7 wickets; Alf. Carlton, 48 balls, 18 rluns, 4 wickatt; Nairn, 24 halls, 11 runs, 1 wickct; Qiver, ts ballst i t wikelt, NoTril MEtL49IUtY'.-First Innings, 0\. Young b -tillmn.an ... ... 0 H. Nairn b Stillnan ... ... 3 I. Drape b Barnard .. ... 16 H. L,rding b Barnard ... 1 C. Armstrong c Russell h Whiting 34 A. Bean c Barnard b Stilluman ... 1i J. .mith thrown out ... ... 40 A. L'arlton not out ... ... 23 W. Franks b Stillman .. ... 0 L. Munro b Barnard ... ... 5 J. Oliver Barnard ... ... 0 Byes ... ... ... 7 Total ... ... ... 147 Bowling Analysis.-Stillman, 06 balls, 3 maidens, 35 runs. 5 wickets; Barnard, 108 aills, 62 runs, I maiden, 4 wickets ; Russell, 6 balls, 7 runs; Whiting, 30 balls, 18 runs, 1 wicket; Mlunckton, 24 balbl, 18 runs. ALrrAnxn?A.-Fecond Innings. Whiting b L. Munro ... 1 Barnard c Franks b L. Munro ... 17 Gordon a Drape b hear ... 21 Stillman a Smith b G. Young ... 0 Webb b L. Munro ... ... 25 Phelps not out ... ... 14 M'Rae not out 5 Byes 8, no balls 2, wides 2, 12 Five wickets for , J ... 95 • Bowling Analysis.-Oliver, 30 balls, 7 runs; Munro, 30 balls, I maiden, 10 runs, 3 wickets; Young, 36 halls, 28 runs, 2 wides, 1 no.ball, I wicket; Bean, 24 balls, 13 runs; Nairn, 12 halls, 4 runs ; Lording, 12 lalls, 10 runs, I no- ball; Bear, 18 balls, 7 runs, I wicket. In the evoniug the Alexandrans were entertained by the North Melbourne Cricket Club at a sumpt ouue hanquet, pre, pared by Mbr Straker in his very best style .nd laid out in the Town Hall. Mr Lnwr. ence, vice-president of the club, 'ccupied the seat of honor, having on his right President Munckton and on his left Vice. president Gordon. Full justice was done the many good things provided, and a short toast list run through with expodi tiont, the speakers for Alexandra being Messrs Munckton, Whiting and Gordon This part of the business having been satisfactorily got through, the whole company laid itself out for enjoyment, and right snerrilly did it accomtplish the feat. It is questionable if there has ever been a more convivial meeting held in that or any other room. Songs, jokes, and good natured banter ran fast and furinns together, and shortly after midnight the Alexandra team was put into cabs and taken to their respective sabdes, after buv ing spent as jolly a night as they have ever experienced or are likely to experience. Whatever consideration Ihas been shown by Alexandra people to the North Mlelbourn ites, the latter completely wiped out any debt they might have owed by the hospita lity and kindnesses shown our cricketers during the late trip. They could not possibly have done more. They might, with justness to themselves, have done [smuch less. The next meeting of tile two clubs will be looked forward to by both, and it is to be hoped thatthe friendslip and good comradeship now existing be. tween themo will long remain. 