Possibilities of the SEeiis. BJi rjngf.iB cu^ii!; to ba sb'e to give a chanize of bill Jit tvery p^forinance. It is carious to notice what:: variety of changes can bs ran*; en biiirf, Eii>ht notes will give 40.-520 <i ix rent niefeagftF, and tea notes y.CSy S-'30. Die changes which m;ij be wrung on twelve bells are 479,001 ,fi0y, which, at the rate of two ttroJies a second, will take ninety -one years to ring. Another authority Bsye, upon the calculation of ringing 7"20 shsnges is sn hour, is would take an inc&s; aant ringing cf thirty-seven years to com plete 473,000,000. Fourteen bells, at tbe rate first given, won'd take 16.575 years to accompl ph the changes, sad upon twenty four bells flie ehiv ^rs cou:d not be rung in less tfcun 117,00'j billions of years, and no concert company is likely to hold together for a 5" season " of that length. Speakiug of the total depravity of human natiue, ijiivti yea ever noticed that nothing makes a doctor so happy as to discover some new disease? Small Boy : " There'.": one thiijg in the Bibta Sid Suva like io change." Minister : " I.nposfiUo 1 What can it be, my ycuup, ?" Small Boy : " Her egr, c-ir." Are yoa sara it was the epirit of Jjind ley Murray who cause at the medium's call?" ''Ob, yes, he Eaisl eo himself. I ssiS, * I -want the spirit of Lindley Murray,' and the ghost replied : ' I'm him.'" An electrician has invested a wonderful watuh that wiil tell a man w hen his note is coming due. His watch would he a great deal more reiiarkabip, as well ae useful, if it would teil tbe men where io get the money to pay the note. Old gentleman (at his daughter's wed ding) : •' My dear, 1 don't sec how I am to get ulocg without you."' Bride : " Never mind, pa. Since the cere mony was perfunned my husband has con fessed that he hasn't envugii saved to go to housekeeping, eo you may not lose ne alter all." Architect (displaying the plans) : " Here is the front elevation, with the outside win dow and circular galicry; this u the cast elevation, showing oriel tower," Teddy (enormously interested in the new bouse): '• And where are the two mortgages pa said he was going to put on." Hotel Waiter man is raising a dis turbance because he can't get his usual seat at the table." Manager : " Go in and propitiate bid in come way." WjUer (in dining-room) : " Here you 1 If you don't like the way thirds are Jrrte here, get out, or I'll propitiate pieuy aa;^k|' f 