COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS. Br OLD BO*. I Some months ago, in speaking about our pnvate schools, I advocated the formation of an association which could govern the sports of these institutions. The remarks which appeared in these columns on that oondm seem to have had some effect, for on Saturday, August 8, a meetinc of the head masters of private schools was held in Melbourne. Mr. Geo. Morrison, of Geelong College, »u chairman; and there were also present-Dr. Crowther (Brighton Grammar School), Mr. Sutherland (Cartton College), Mr. W. M. Burn (Cuniioden), Mr. R. H. M'Laod (Armadale High School), Etv. J. Harnett (Oaul field Grammar School), VV. J. Hwining Thompson (Kew Hitfh School), Mr. Paltner (South Melbourne Oollcge), Mr. W. P. Henderson (King's School), and Mr. W. A. Oosman (Camberwel! Grammar School). Dr. Crowther was appointed honorary secretary to the association, which alter some discussion was named "The Schools Association." The bunness done at the meeting held was, of course, only prelimi nary. However, one good step was taken, that being the appointuien^.ol * peaunittee to draw up rules and regulations aM to report upon ways and means to the association. This committee consists of Pr. Crowther and Messrs. Norman Morrisou, vioe-princi pal Geelong College, and J. Kenning Thomjxion. The objeots of this association are numerous. First of all there is the utiion of all the schools, whereby there trill he no trouble in ascertaining wliich is the premier school. The private schools will now be forced to play regularly, and not as heretofore just when and how they please. Secondly, the association intends to teing about, if possible, the meeting of the premiers among the public aud private schools. There will then be no doubt as to which is absolutely the best aohool inthe colony at any particular sport. Then, again, this asportation does not intend merely to devote its time to arranging sports matters, but the interest* of all the schools in other respects will be proteoted. Before J leave this subject I would like to impress on the committee wmeb is to frame the rules the necessity ofmaldng t^ode dear and to strictly de fine the term. ' hool-Ws schoolboy." The public school oodsfc 1 S**? one, but there Me severs! rales in M *hich might easily be liWmtnssrt with,andttwreare sopae fee* ttie»i*oti5Heta SssiiHrodOced. However, with these matters inthe hands of aaoh «nM Mthe thrtie%ho are on this oom nittoe the 8AwW AMOrialiiw need have no fear. .v sity Root Club, and was for a trophy 'presented by i Mr. Rich. The contesting crcws were coini>osed I thus-G, \V. Millard (sir.), II. Hale (3), W. A. Conlon (2), W. T. Co.vle (bou), S. Mack (cox); nud V. B. MacDermott-(str.), B. Sawyer (:i), H. Cox (2), \V. H. Palmer (bow), with Milner Stephen (cox). The start was very even, and tor a time the crews kept together, but eventually the weight in MacDcnnott's crew told, and his boat forged ahead till at the winning post lie was five lengths in front of his opiK>nent. University men mustered in force, and great interest was taken in the result. The course was about a mile and three-quarters lonjr, starting at Point Piper and finishing opposite the club bout-shed in Wooloo mooloo. Tlie race was started by Mr. Salusbury, Mr. T. llolin being tlie umpire, and Mr. T. 11. Trcbeck the judge. Melbourne University men will remeniber several of the contestants, Conlon, Coyle, Sawyer, Milhml, and Cox having' iwved in inter-univcreity races, while W\ H. i'almer will be rcinenibered as the {.retrial manager ol the lost Sydney 'Varsity cricket team. The first twenties of the Ballarat and Grenville Colleges met on the Eastern Oval (linllarnt), on Friday (August 7). The result was a complete sur prise "to the sumwrters of both clubs, who mustered in st rong force. From start to finish the Ballarat, fairly surpassed themselves, playing over their opponents in all joints of the game. The final result was-Ballarat College, 23 goals 18 tichinds; Grenville College, 1 goal I behind. This is the greatest number of goals ev er kicked in a Ballarat premiership match. The goal-kickers for the Ballarat College were Rintoul (5), Munro and W. Smith (4 each), Wanliss (3), Kersley (2), and Greenfield, U.-O'Farrcll, Bull, F. Bailey, and H. Uailev (X each). For the losers Kenny kicked the one and only goal. At Kssondon on Friday, August 7, the local Gram mar School tried conclusions with the St. James's Grammar School. After a most evenly-con tested game, St. James were returned the victors, having scored 9 goals 13 bchinds to their opponents' 7 goals 10 liehinds. For the winners Bennain, Gittus, H. M'Dougall A. M'Dougall, and Kent played splen didly, while the Essendon lwys were well repre sented by Currie, Clark, and Grounds. At foot will l>c found a table showing tlie positions of the various schools in Ballarat on the premiership list. RAIXARAT SCHOOLS PREMIERSHIP LIST. School. Holy Ghost College CreswickGrawmarS. Ballarat, College iligh School.. Grenville College _ o2 t. o, CH 87 "f 75 626 333 Note.-High School and Grenville College each concede four points to the Holy Ghost College for non-fulfilment of their engagements. 