[?] [?] .;;_; . Wjjn^m- j $iis be jthe gu| - jyhoj ? aTi&v; ' TO^B-'tegS; 'had' clung to -me, and ith Jriored me to be true to her ? \ r ;There was a slight noise in the iwm overhead. Alice startedj ,^and i»|staly- withdrew 'frojn the v 'window, snaking a hurried sign to her love to leave her. He obeyed, and swung hiin self rather rapidly down the ivy. ; \- ? 'My time for vengenance had come. 'Stay here, Jack 3' I cried, hoarsely. * Leave me to deal with him !' 'Villain!' I cried ; and trembling ?with passion, I sprang forward to con , front him. . ? As he touched the ground, I drew back my arm to deal him a furious blow with my fist!. My rival turned slowly round, and looked at me. It was my double, the original of the picture. My arm fell powerless to my side. No mortal stood opposed to me. One glance at the shadowy and corpse like face assured me of that. : T felt as I was turned to stone, and made no further effort to detain him. . He passed swiftly on, and disap peared beneath the dark, overhanging trees. At this moment, up came Jack, boiling over with rage. ?Harrington, are you mad, to let the fellow off? Why, good Heavens, man, what is the matter !' The strain had been too much for my already over-taxed nerves in the discovery ot Alice's supposed perfidy and my ghostly rivaL I reeled heavily forward, and fell on my face. When I came to myself, I found myself lying on the ground, Jack supporting my head on his knee. * Are you better now, old fellow ? be asked anxiously. Then he added in an aggrieved tone. 'What made you let the villain go ? ? \- ? Because he was not a creature of flesh and blood.' * What do you mean f 'The man we saw at the window ?was a spectre — the original of the pic ture in my uncle's gallery.' * Impossible ! You must have been dreaming, Dick.' *I assure you I was not. I was as close to him as I am to you at the present moment. Is it so improbable ?when you remember the strange things ?we have already seen and heard ?' * But the girl — surely it was Alice ?we saw V 1 Yes ;' I assented, gloomily. A dreadful thought had seized me. Could there be some truth in those words German legends?. Was Alice under some unearthly influence ? Had \- she met this ghostly spectre lover and. f* fteen -folded in his embrace f ' . :J\\. Horrible ! Most horrible ! I shud [ \y3ered at the bare idea. Ixemembsrcd i ^Jber telling me she intended returning 1 'tb her idwn room after the ball v.is [ over, ,as there was no longer fear of \$he ghosts. ? I i. recalled numberless incidents '^rhieh I had not remarked at the rr~thne. The emotion she -displayed when ; jthe portrait so iike mj.solf was \- ?discovered; her evident reiuctauoe jjfchat I .should go to the fancy ball in _^iat parjbisujar costume ; her accla mation of relief when her eye f«il upon /?; me after she Vecovered f roin her faiiit ' \&b; night we beard the awful ghostly ?jj^riek.*. ,/? 'V-' ????? . ? ? „ '?'? ' All' these conflicting actions puzzled ' and bewildered, me. * Well, this beats Anything I ever l« kjaard . «f '-V-eaxi , Jack, at . Jength. s I ; WWU qupstipn^AlicPt tomorrow, and get \- -to- the -bottom of this mystery if pos ? ®ble,(. ?, . '...„,. ;,-. .,,...- . ? : y- ;** Pray do nothing of the kind,* I re Wljpliea, **reara^. ^If you . interfere in [ tiie matter, you willfriistrate my plans. i==..Jjeay« me to unrayel this tansled web.' *.,*As you will,'¥ was the somewhat -3m^$?&^-l-:-yr. ?'. ????:?'-?? wT *T* nsnggeat, we tttwj in ; Jam chilled ; *o the§^-pe^and,,Jie iuoved towards £W,4to hdiisi' -lloilowe^, - ? ; ? X; ??- V :. :';:;±i$0mpjfmnt into the; smoking-room,. .^ij^W^jjipJopking ,«. cupboard, brought is& 4dp?Va -Bottlfe of' Cognac,' nhd, '?pouring ?ttRJH^smsll glassful, ?hmded it . to m-v * I-V.' '-??-.?,' tandly ; .'fit, .will do' you good ; you Jook like a ghost yourself ! Cheer up, old boy ! I can't believe Alice would [p%^/-u|a!ge. 'ifihe-ff} ^affi-'itself I would stake my life on her TBdelity.' Might fibeaot have a double as well as yourself ? ^©id not your uncle tejl us some story about a girl with whom your ancestor was in' love' whom he used to visit f . : - i' t JC.J ; ' Of course he did ?' said I, a ray of light breaking in upon the darknes-— the remembrance of the misty female figure I had seen flosheds- across my memory, arid how strangely' 'familiar its outline hi-A ippmred to me.. Jackj' said I, graspi..- ,s:.shand, *rhavegota clue to the my-Jtwy ritlast!' * - ? ' Richard is iiimself again j', ; 'Gome on, then, and let us go' to bed. I can hardly keep my eyes open. Tread softly going up-stairs, or the mater will think we are burglars.' I scanned Alice's ftice eagerly as she entered the breakfast-room next morning. Her eyes met mine with their usual frank, guileless expression. ' Well, my little girl, did you enjoy your-self last night?' said Mr. Har courfc fondly to liis daughter, as she wished him good morning. 'You look as fresh as a daisy,' he continued ; ' none the worse for your dissipation.' ' Yes, thanks, papa; I enjoyed it very much. It was a very good ball ; but I was terribly tired by the time I got home.' ' You did not sit up discussing the affair, as young ladies generally do on these occasions ?' I inquired. ' No ; I went straight to bed. I think I must have fallen to sleep as soon as my head touched the pillow.' Jack and I exchanged glances. I felt terribly ashamed of my unjust suspicions. As the day wore on an unusual depression seemed to pervade the whole household. It reached a culminating point after dinner. Whether or no it was a reaction after the excitement of the previous day, or whether atmospheric and spiritual in fluences combined affected our nerves, I could not undertake to say ; but even rattle-brained Jessie was quiet and subdued, and lay curled upon a sofa reading a novel. Lillie played chess with her uncln. Mrs. Hareourt knitted and dozed alternately in her easy chair near the fire. Alice and I conversed in a low tone near one of the windows ; outside, it blew a regular hurricane. The wind moaned and sobbed amongst the tall tcjfis, and then increased in fury until it rose ta a perfect shriek. 'What a fearful gale ?' said Alice, with a shiver, drawing aside the blind, and looking out into the dark aess. ' It is a regular Walpurgis night,' I replied.' ' Could you not imagine that sound was the wail of aspirrt in paiu?' — as a bitter, moaning cry seemed wafted towards us, ' Was it the wind ?' she continued, doubtfully.. ' WJi.i: else sliouli it be, darling f *f I never told you, Dick, what made me faint that night. A few minutes aftor I entered my room, I fancied I I saw the iigure of a man leaning against the outside of my window, I was dreadfully frightened, for I made certain it was a burglar. At l«-ist I summoned courage to take .?mother look. There was nothing to be seen, so 1 undressed and went to bed. I could not have slept very long,' but I awoke with a start, and saw the: same figure standing inside my room between the window and the door. ? *.I tried to cry out, but could not. I could only gnze at him spellbound. His face was partially concealed by a broad-brimmed bat drawn low over his brow. He had on what I imagined to be a fancy dress, and I saw to my hor ror, that it was torn, disordered, and covered with blood, which seemed to flow from a terrible wound in his breast. There was a curious kind of light around the figure. '-';?] ' He turned and walked to the door, making a sign to me' with his hand to follow. Some power I could riot resist compelled. me to obey. Just as he reached the door he pushed his hat a- side,- Dick, he w,as the counterpart pf yourself, only it was the face of i, corpse. At that moment a fearful fhriek seemed to come from your end of the corridor, and, .overcome with frjght and horror, I lost consciousness. You may imagine how thankful I was ^ojteevyou again in jthe. flesh when you j^BSste^ sack to fecoYBrme.'. ?/*: , ) -*Have'y-ju «een my -ghostly ? double since then V ' No ; I only returned to my room, last night, and I slept without waking until morning.' [ 'Alice, my dear, give us a little ; music,' said Mrs. Harcourt, suddenly waking up from her doze. ' Alice rose, and went to the piano. ' I cannot sing to-night, mother. My voice seems all out of tune.' * Never mind, my dear, if you are tired. You were up 3ate last night.' ' Why, it is eleven o'clock — time for us' all to retire.' 'Dear me 1 I think I must have fallen into a little doze.' When the girls had left the room, Jack and I retired to our usual san tuiu, where we remained for about an hour, talking ;ind smoking. ' What a fearful night !' I exclaimed as we entered the corridor, and a sud den gust of wind extiguished my light. ' A strong gale always sends me to sleep,' said Jack. ' Good night, old fellow !' A neighbouring clock struck mid night. Before the last stroke died away, I heard the sound of a man's footstep. Involuntarily I glanced backed. The door of Alice's room opened, and she came out. Her face was deadly pair, and her eyes widly dilated as if fixed, on some dread object pre ceding ner. I heard the clang of a sword, and a dark, indistinct muffed object passed me The door of the boudoir opened, and the muffled figure entered, Alice fol lowing. I hastened after her, with a feeling of apprehension. The anti room was illuminated by the same curious misty light I had seen before. It gradually cleared, and I beheld two figures, i man and a girl standing side bv side, close to the open window. They were the counterpart of Alice and myself. Instinctively I sought hold of my darling's side, and, drawing her close to me, I summoned all my nerve, for I know we were to witness a re hersal of the ghostly tragedy which had been enacted in that chamber hun dreds of years ago. Faseiuated and almost, spell-bound, we watched the spectral cavalier draw from underneath his cloak a rope ladder, and attach it to the window. There was a great noise below. He looked out to ascertain the cause, and appeared to say something in a hurried tone to his companion, who clasped her hands in an agony of terror and despair. Hurried feet sounded along the corridor, and armed men. in the dress of Puritan soldiers burst into the room, accompanied by two of the supei ior, evidently officers. The Calvalier set his back against the wall, and drew his sword to defend himself, whilst the girl, clasping her arms around his neck, strove to shield him with her own body from the wea pons of his murderers. One of the officers, A cruel, stern looking man, drags the unhappy girl from bis arms, and the rest quickly close round and over-power him. ? One ruffian stabs him in the breast and with, half-sob, half-groan, he falls to the ground. ' The girl, who been struggling fran tically with her captor, breaks' from his hold, and rushes to her^lover's side. One glance sufficient. With a wild despairing shriek* which seems to ring through the old house, she springs to the window, and before the men can interposa to prevent her, she throws herself out. \- inerci is a dull sound ot a tall on the ?turf beneath, then all is still. The room is shrouded in darkness, save for the fitful moonbeams. ? Alice had clung trembling to me during the first part »i the horrible scene, but now she lay a dead weight in my arms, and I trembled Jest terror should have deprived her of her .senses — perhaps jof life. .'' Hastily T bore her into the passage. At the same instant. Jack rushed out of his robnt, half ,un?lrie6sed' / ;: There was an opening and shutting of doors and ringing of bells. - That ^ ? _ — . . — i — awful cry had alarmed ? the whole house. ? 'For Heaven's sake, Jack, get a liehj; juxmickjas-yon can !,' I. ^gasped, hafdjy able to£$icu]&|beanc| trembling witnaoxiety foi' my -oarSing's Safety. By this time most of the other mem bers of the family had appeared, fol lowed by a group of terrified servants. ?' I explained in as few words as pos sible, the dreadful sighti we had wit nessed. c. $j:, v ?; t£ Alice did not regain consciousness for some hours. Her nervous system had received such a severe, shock that it was months before she thoroughly received. Next day there was a general exodus from Hazeldene ':3S«l11.' The servants completed the pucking'with marvellous expedition. All declared they would rather forfeit a month's salary than remain another night under the same roof as ' them awful ghostes.' Little remains to be told. Six months later, there was a quiet wedding in the little parish church of Croscombe (the Harcourt's parish), and my darling wap given into my keeping ' until death should us part.' But in the midst of our happiness, our thoughts wandered to those ill fated lovers of a bygone age, whose love had been as true and strong as our own. but whom a cruel and adverse fortune had parted for ever in this world. . But I think the influence of the apparition .was one that battered us after our marriage. Indeed, perhaps, the one great use of apparitions is to improve the lives of the living. If so, then Alice and I are prepared to see as many ghosts as will visit us. THE END. 