TIZM SEPARATION MOVEMENT. PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting, convened by the Mayor cm a numerously signed req aisitioo, was held iu the Theatre Royal on Tuesday, 'for the purpose of affording the people of Rockhainp ton said its vicinity, an opportunity of ex pressing their 'opinions as to the absolute necessity of making every effort to obtain the TerritorialSepaxataonof Central from Northern and Southern Queensland, the recent actions of the Queensland Government, re the dredges and construction works in the fltzroy rtiver, cx.t rendering it more imperative *''p ever that we should have die management of onr own affairs.' The Mayor (Mr. F. A. Morgan) occupied the chair, and there were with him on the platform Messrs. W. Davis (Town Clerk). Thomas Parker (Town Sur veyor), J. Murray, M.L.A., TurnbuU (of Medway Station), G. B. Shaw, W. K. HIgson, S. 'Williams, W. Boms, and W. Cook, The buildtng was well filled. The Mayor, in opening the proceedings said he had always been favourable to Separa tion ; but he Iiad never taken any prominent part in the movement, believing they would not get the right to manage their own affairs. Seeing, however, that tbe Southern people had been ill-advised enough to refuse to grant them the measure of self-government offered by Sir S. W. Griffith, be thought it was time for every person in the Central District to put his shoulder to the wheel, and say ' Now well have nothing but Separation pure and simple1.' (Applause). He was con fident that if all worked together, and as men should tor their own interests, that it would be a very short time before they had Separation. ( Applanse. ) His Worship then referred to the proposition of the Government to sell the dredges, charac terisqngitas 'a nice little game,' and one that would force the people here into the posi tion of having a railway constructed to Port Alma to give them an outlet for their com merce— & Question that they themselves had yet to decide upon. The Town Clerk then read the notice con vening the meeting, whieh he said was signed by ISO of the leading residents of the town. Me. Sldset Williams moved the first reso lution, OS folloWB — That tbis meeting is at opinion that tbe honest efforts made by tbe Government to give Provincial Separation, it, we have do other option than to appeal to tbe Im perial authorities for Territorial Separation (Applanse). He said it was quite unnecessary to give the reasons why they were to appeal for Territorial Separation to the Imperial Government. Tbe hardships under which they had existed for years past were well known to alL They had been a long-«affcring and patient people, and this Government and previous governments— in fact, the Southern administration — had taken it for granted that they were not likely to kick against what they had so far chosen to give them. About two years ago the Separation movement, which was started twenty-four years back, was revived, and Mr. Archer, who was one of the first of the old Separatlonists, said he would throw himself into it, and would do all he could, if he were sure the people were sincere in their desire to obtain Belf-governmenL Mr. Archer made that remark because, on a previous occasion, he went to London with a petition for Separation, and then the Government in the South gave the district a start by com mencing the construction of the railway to Westwood. Now that the- movement had been resuscitated, the Government came forward with this provincial government scheme, and the more moderate Separationists —who believed that the half-loaf was to be preferred to what they thought wonld be ultimately no bread at all — said they would take what the Government forced on them. The Government were informed by some Separationists that they had not the power to penetrate the majority of the Southern mem bers with tiie -wisdom of their proposi tion to fairly govern the Northern and Central portions of the colony by this pro vincial scheme; but Sir S. W. Griffith said he felt sure that the majority of the House wished to see Queensland fairly governed, and the Central members, almost to a man, he believed, supported him in trying to carry his proposition, with a result that they now knew of. It was said by tbe Southern people, and those who were opposed to them, that they had not got in this district men to manage the government of such a colony as Central Queensland would be; but he contended there were no grounds for such a statement. It was quite true that they did not fizz up like a bottle of ginger beer, and when they had had their cake, and eaten it, were surprised they had got nothing in front of them but flat ditch water. Brisbane, on the other hand, had thrived on the expenditure of Government borrowed money, and now that that expenditure had been stopped, down went the value of property in that city. In fact, properties for which £5000 had been paid, could now be got for £2000. So much for tbe brain power of tbe people of Brisbane. No such thing as that had occurred in Rockhampton or in Central Queensland' to one-tenth or one tiundredth part of the extent that it had in Brisbane. In fact, die BrUb&ue; people liad blundered, and made a horrible mistake, and they did not like it, and said ' Don't let the Central people go until we get tbe finances of the colony right.' It bad been said that what a district paid through the Customs was a proof of its wealth ; bat that was quite a mistake. The wealth of a district consisted In what it produced. There were not any manufactures here to speak of, and it was uot likely that they would have many. The. Government had never encouraged the mauu- . facturing industry. They said the people they would bring to this colony should be farm labourers, and exclusively farmfabourers, ami they were brought out so that the squatter and the man who had a farm could j employ them cheaply. He did not say that farm labourers staonld not be brought to Queensland ; but he merely mentioned the fact to show how inefficient and how foolish, any government was to intro duce people of that class only. Mr. \VilKainft then went on to quote instances of the mismanagement or the neglect of the Government of tbe wants of the district, referring to the one brief visit made to Rock hampton a few years ago by the Railway Commissioners ; to the fact that though the Central Railway had been opened to Hfra coiube some months ago tfaeie was no con venience for unloading goods, with the results that they had to be sent to Barcal dine, and the Government lost the additional railage that would have to be paid to the newly-opened terminus ; to the action of the Railway Commissioners to the navvies emploved on the line, which amonnted us a matter of fact, to a reduction in wages, and in one case he knew of caused the retirement of one man from the service. It might be said tliat the Commissioners bad taken this course with the men in the interests of the colony ; but in the eyes of God Almighty the workman was just as important a person as tbe master above him. There was somcthiu** unequal in things, and they wanted a government nearer to themselves, one that -would sec what was unequaL Governed as at present, they were at a disadvantage, and tlie Government admitted that by appointing Mr. Ranking as their agent at the time of the late strike — admitted it was desirable they should be represented by someone nearer to ' tbe seat of action,' as it was then called. Sat while Mr. Ranking \eas in the western country representing the Government, Minis ters were away opening the railway to Gym pie, and attending shows ; but they scarcely ever thought, either then or at any other time, of coming to Rockhampton. It would put them to too much inconvenience Indeed, he ques tioned if they wonld, if asked, come to the town to open the new Girls' G ram mar School. They had not intimated their 'willingness to do so at any Vate, and the Minister for Education liad never taken the slightest interest in it There were many reasons he could give why they should have self-government, and numerous other instances of neglect and the like that he coold quote to show the disadvantages they suffered under through being so far removed from the seat of government ; but he would just say tbis : If they were law- breakers the nearer they had the eye of government on them the better, if they were law-abiding it was just as well they had it close at hand. The (Government would perhaps say they had got their representatives in Parliament ; but Parliament would not listen to them. They had not taken the slightest- notice of what they said with regard to the claim of the Centre to self -government. Worse than that —What did the Government itself say when the representatives asked that the dredge should be kept in the river ? *' You do not understand it. We have a scheme for the better arrangement of the dredging plant here.' (Laughter.) And what was that scheme? To sell iL Why, only that day the hulk that used to supply the coal to the dredge was sold at auction for £17, and down to Brisbane that money wonld go. (Laughter, and a voice: 'We will take charge of the Customs and buy a dredge our selves.'} Mr. Williams concluded by express ing the hope that residents of the district generally wonld support the movement, and resumed his seat amid applause. Mr. Thomas Pabkeh, in seconding the re solution, said he remembered reading some tune ago of the entry of one of the ancient kings of Britain into one of the cities of the old country. He wa* met by the leading official, who made some attempt at an apology for not having received His Majesty with the fi h»j* of cannon. The official said ' Sire, I have to apologise for not receiving you with the firing of cannon, and I am about to give you nineteen reasons why we did not do 'so. The first is that we have not, and never hauTj any cannon in our town.' Bis Majesty stopped the speaker by saving ' I am so well satisfied with the first reason that I will dispense with all the other eighteen.' He thought he (the speaker) or any other speakers who were to follow might be able to give nineteen reasons why there should l-e granted to this district the inherent right of self government ; but when he had mentioned the first be thought everyone in the meeting would excuse him for no* givic^ auy other. That reason was that they had no other way open to them. (Applanse.) He sub mitted, in fact, after studying the question fully, that, as the Mayor had appropriately pat it, there was nothing else before them than to straightway ask the Imperial Govern ment for Tcrritoiial Separation. {Applause.) Mr. Parker then went on to refer t« what had led up to this position, and in doing so contended that tbe debate on the Chief Secretary'* provincial government proposals was a thorough and entire condemnation once and for all, of the present system. The proposals were discussed fully, and to a large extent fairly ; but not one word was said in defence of the present method of government, uorany reaEon given for object ing to Separation. There tras one reason, and it came out in a very peculiar way, as a sort of despairing exclamation from Mr. Moreaead — 'Good God, what will become of the South if the Central District is taken away from it.' (Applause.) And that reminded him of something he had read uot long ago about a man who liad lost his wife— a nejn-o, it was, he thought. For some time he ws*s continually going about lamenting his great loss. His friends endeavoured to console him z but the poor man appeared to ? Ite inconsolable. There seemsd to be a : mystery in his case. No one could understand how thoroughly despairing be was— almost at his wits' end, almost ready to give up the ghost. At last one friend tried to sound him, and the poor man, rather unguardedly he thought, admitted bis great despair was this — he should have to turn to, and work for himself. He was afraid that was the great trouble, the great secret, underlying the opposition of the Southern people — they would have to turn to and work out their destiny as part of (his great country. (Applause.) And he would go further than that. It would be the best thing that could happen them, and the people of the Central District, when they were each put in that position. (Applause.) Mr. Parker then briefly criticised the provincial government proposals of Sir .S. W. Griffith, *nd referred to the right of the Central District— on the Ua&U; of its population, Customs revenue, its resources, and the extent of its territory and industries-— to govern its own affairs. In concluding, he remarked there were some who said they should wait until the great question of the federation of the colonies had been settled. rlbat was, in his opinion, patting the cart before the horse. He be lieved in the old adage that uniou was strength, and that was beautifully demon strated by the homely illustration of the bundle of sticks. But he submitted that before they could have their bundle made op they must have their sticks chopped smaller, and chopped by tlie axe of Separation. Then they could take the cord of Federation, and tie it up, and they should have a united, a prosperous Australia. (Loud applanse} Mr. W. Kidson, who slated he wished to move an amendment, was received with lond applause. Ascending to the platform, he said it was generally assumed, when a person got up at a meeting of that sort to propose an amendment, that he was opposed to tbe subject matter of the motion — {Voices: ' No.') and he wanted to make it quite clear that he was not adverse to the proposition. Why lie stood there, in the position he did, was simply to try to make sure that when they got what they asked for — self-government — it ehonld be self-government. (Applause.) He agreed with almost everything that had been said by the mover and seconder of the resolu tion. In fact, there were a great many things that Mr. Williams had said that would very much carry out his contention. He did not think he wonld say anything to show he was in fa vonrof Separation, because there must be a hundred or more who had beard him speak in favour of it, and he challenged anyone in that audience of seven hundred or more to say he had ever utteredawordagainstiL He should jost refer to one matter — the removal of the dredge from the rivet. There had been a great deal of complaint about that, and he thought justifiably. The complaint was that the Government said they bad not £5000a-year to spend in dredging the Fitzroy. , the finest river in the colons, yet only the other day they voted £15,000 a-year to subsidising a foreign fleet — a. fleet that nobody wanted — the Colonial Treasurer, on being asked at the time if they had* the money to spend on such an object, scoffing at the idea. He did not want to say one word in extenuation of the conduct of the Government, because he thought they deserved all the abuse they had got on this occasion, and a great deal more. They were alwut the worst government — tbe most unholy government — the colony had ever had. But he wished to put this question— Wiiat did the people think of their members ? (A voice : ' Not much.') Mr. G. B. Shaw : I rise to a point of order. We should know what the amendment is. (Disorder.) Mr. J. Mcbbay: Oh, let him go on. Mr. KiDtiTON : You wLl sec I am speaking to the amendment. A voice : We don't know it yet Mr. Kjdston, resuming, said their members had sat down quietly, or else strayed away from die Assembly, acd allowed other people to vote qreat sums of public money for this thing and that thing that could quite well have been dispensed with, while tbe Govern ment said they had not £50d0 to dredge the fitzroy. For instance, there was the vote of £65,000 for immigratian. Yet there was not one of the Rockhampt^n bunch of five, which was to do such great things, to stand up and say a word abont it. (Lond applause.) A voice : ' We are not here to find fault with our members. ' (Cries of ' Shot up.') Mr. Kjdstov, continuing, said it would be seen that his remarks were verv much to the matter. Now to come to the subject of his amendment. The present aspect of the Separation question was this. The South bad made it abundantly clear that the district would not get Separation if they (the South) could help it. The North— or at least tlie! Northern members— liad ratted, or rather, j were going to fight for themselves, lediing the Centre to itself. And the only chance ? the Centre had of getting Separation was by going for it as a united people. If there was au\\- considerable section of the people who held aloof from it, or went against it, it was doomed. The only chance — tbe only certain chance — of getting it was by doing something which would combine the whole of liie people in one ? united body, and then nothing could stop! them from achieving what the3r were aiming! aL. They in Rockhampton were claiming the ? right to uianaire their own affairs ? tbe riffhr ' of self -govern i] icnt. That was a perfectly! justifiable demand. lint consider this : ] While thej- had some voice in the manage ment o£ their own affairs, there were j thousands and thousands of men in tie of tbe country. (Applause.) They had ' no more voice than if they were blackfcUowe. ] What did it mean to these men whether the ' district got Separation oc not 1 If they were \ to be as modi political slaves after it as thev were before, it would just be the sauie *o them. Did they want the help of these men to get this benefit for themselves — this little justice for themselves? They knew, perfectly well that outside of Ro?kba.mpton ' the Separation project had met with a great ! deal of indifference, to say no more, and he had been repeatedly asked— What would make the ' western men go in for it 1 That vras what he was going to tell the meeting. It was to show them that, in return for their help, they were working to help them — to show them that what they wanted for themselves they were willing to give to them. They knew how much was said out west about the selfishness of Rockhampton people. He had been iu a good many towns, and honestly be did not think the residents of this place were more selfish than those in other centres of population. Still, they knew quite well what was said, and he would give them an oppor tunity of showing that what they claimed for themselves they ?were willing to give to otiier fellow citizens. This was his amendment— Thai while admitting the deanffltv of Territorial Separation, Uiis meeting affirms that tbe question c* electoral reform must hire precedence, sod that until electoral refonu be carried, SepaiatJoii had better remain in abeyance. (Loud applause.) TUe first objection that might be taken to his motion was that it had nothing to do with Separation ; but he had just tired to show the meeting that it had a great, deal to do tvitb it, because there was very little likelihood of it being carried unlesa the amendment was adopted by the Rock hampton people. If, on the other hand, it was adopted, he claimed that it would not delav Separation at alL If they made a united demand for electoral reform in the Centre and the North— because be thought the same thing might be done in the North — then they would win. The Central people wen: afraid die Northern residents would get in ahead of them ; but he did not know that there was a chance of it. Elec toral reform had a great deal to do with Separation, and those who were anxious to see the latter carried might well consider the issues at stake before they voted against the amendment. If they refused his proposition— no matter what reason they gave for it, no matter whether they lield it was outside of the movement — there was not the slightest donbt at all that these western men — tlie voteless men in tlie east and west — would see that those who were running Separation were opposed to tbeir petting political justice, and the heather would' be on fire. (Sensation and applause.) Mr. W. Brass : I woold like to call ? (Disorder.) We don't want any fires here, (Disorder.) Tlie Mator: Mr. Kidston has the floor. Mr. Kidstok said he had just remem bered, when he used that Scotch collo quialism, that in Queensland a wrong inter' pretation might be put on it. He simply meant that the voters in the cast and west were likely to understand, if the motion was carried, that the Separationlste were opposed to electoral reform, and by electoral reform he meant that the practice of the electoral law in Queensland should be brought in accord with the theory, which was good enough. The ides was that they had universal manhood suffrage, and he did not want any more, than that. He simply wanted that every adnlt male citizen should, have his name on toe register. (Applanse.) Some people might think that this was altogether a fancy com plaint—that there was not xunch ground for complaint; but in Rockhampton last week, only for some little trouble they took, they would have struck off 100 names of men work ing in the town to-day. In a town they could look after that a little ; bat in Blacknll, which he thought was a sample electorate for the west, the names were hist week re duced from STO to 349. (Laughter.) And it must be remembered that the great majority of these men could not get their names put on again, because, owing to a circular sent out by Tozer, it was not proper to give a buahman a vote. During the late strike these men were told to adopt constitutional means, to have their grievances redressed, and they adopted the plan of getting their names placed on the rolls ; but this was the way they had been treated. The meeting might say that- was not the question ; bathe maintained it was, and, further, that it was the main question throughout Queensland and Australia at the present time. In fact, no question of any consequence was likely to have a peaceable settlement until electoral reform had been dealt with. (Applanse. ) He thought that what he had said must appeal to the sense of each one. He claimed that these eastern and western men had one com mon cause, and that what they asked for was only fair. Mr. Williams, he thought it was, told them that a railway man was as much in God's sight as some great person. Well, tbe men who could not get rates because of a naw iu the electoral law were as much citizens as the worthy Mayor, and as much en titled to be free. And they wanted that altered. He ha-1 no doubt it would be said, 'Oh, wait until u-e get Separation, and then ve will make it all right ;'; bnt if they now refused to do it, how could people believe they would do it then. (Hoar, hear. ) He appealed to tlie Committee, and lo the mover and seconder of tbe motion, to accept the proposi tion. If they refused to do so, then he appealed ' to you men ' to vote straight for it— yes or uo, whether they wanted electoral reform or not. The : amendment would separate the sheep from the goats amongst tbe Separation men. j (Li3.ugh.ter and applause, and a voice: ?* Vou wtU be amongst tlie goats.**) As they were aware, there were Separationists and Separa- - tionists A great many advocated Separation : because they believed il would be a public good ; but a great many others supported it because thev wanted to boom their corner allotments. (Hear, hear. ) This motion would separate one from the other. He should not take up any more time ; but he sincerely hoped die aratudment would be carried. : (Loud applause.) Sir. J. C. Stkwabt, who was received with loud applanse, seconded the motion. While he admitted that tlie people of Fockhauipton ! were perfectly justified in claiming Separa tion for themselves, he held tliat if tliey were : true Democrats they had no right whatever to make the demand while at least one- third of the men in the colony were unfranchised. (Hear, bear.) They claimed self-government for themselves ; bat their first duty was to see that these other men, who were political serfs, were raised to tbe diguity and status of manhood by having a voice in the govern ment of the country. (Applause.) The ques tion ot electoral reform was the most important problem that was to the front at the present time, and be could tell them that neither Separation, dot Federation, not any other ' atlou' would avail them anything until every man in the colony had got the franchise. The amend ment woold commend itself to every (rue lover of liberty, even to the men on the platform, who professed at least to be lieve in liberty. Mr. Stewart concluded fa is speech with an attack on the Central members (whom he held were on almost erery occasion allied with the enemies of freedom.], and an appeal to the meeting to take the 6rst stsp to admit amongst them as friends and brothers the western men *ho were now disfranchised. Mr. Williams, in replying, said Mr. Kid »ton had taken advantage of the meeting to explain his views with regard to universal manhood suffrage, which were that directly a man put his foot in tbia colony be was to nave the same power and influence in the govern ment of the country, as a man, who had been here over twenty years. {Voices: 'No fear;* 'so he has;' 'we don't mean that;' 'one man, one vote.') Farther disorder ensued, and Mr- Williams re marked that neither himself nor any of those who, he believed, were prepared to support tbe motion, had interrupted Mr. Kidaton, and he did not see why those who seemed to be in favour of that gentleman's proposition ?bonld not start the campaign with fair ness. Quietness being now restored, be proceeded to say that be did not tbink it was right for Mr. Kidston to take the opportunity, at a Separation meeting, to bring in such a question. It was aaid that be had misrepresented what that gentleman had ?aid ; but the audience bad just heard Mr. Kidstonrs speech, and knew what lie had said, need not be guided by him. How ever, be would only say that it was an unfair and an unwise tiling for bun to have tak.es. tbe stand be did. (Disorder.) Mr. Kidstox : I rise to a point of order. Mr. WuJ^ahs : The point of order is I have the floor. . Mr. KXD5TOK : What I wish to say is— The iliVOK (interrupting): Mr. Williams has the floor, Mr. Kidston, and I tbink he baa a perfect right to continue. If you wish to make an. explanation afterwards, and it is not too long, I will allow you to do bo. Mr. Wjluams theo resumed bis speech. He said he had spoken in favour of Territorial Separation, and bad said what be thought would prove tbe desirableness of it. Mr. iudston started by supporting him ; but afterwards said in effect, ' If yon do not give us what we ask for, we will go against Separation.' (Hear, hear, and cries of 'No.') They bad not got it in their power iu this district to say whether they woold take this, and whether they would take that. Tbey were before the country as Separationists, no matter -wbat their opinions were with, regard to Mr. Kidston'e views, or Mr. Kidstonrs ideas. What he wished to say was that if Mr. Kidston was a Separationist, let him support Separation. (Applause.) If be was against it, they could not help Mm voting against it. It was not right for a man to say ' Because you will Dot give me this, neither shall you have that if I can stop it. ' (Applause.) He wished to put the matter before Mr. 'Kidston *nd those who supported him in that light. He held that some honour and thanks were dne to the people who bad worked for Separa tion for tbe last two years. There was no one who could say tbey had no grounds for their demands. In fact, tbe gentlemen who had moved and seconded the amendment ad - mitted that. Mr. J. Murray here rose to address tbe meeting, and was received uitii applause, Mr. Kidston : I rise to a point of order. If the mover of a motion has replied, the dis cussion is finished ? (loud applause) ? And a gentleman iu Mr. Murray's position should know that. Mr. Mukbat : I am speaking to the amend ment. (Cries of *'Sit down,' and disorder.) The Mayor: You cannot speak, Mr. Murray. Mr. Mcbhav still remained standing, and intimated tu the audience that be would stop there until to- morrow morning, and appealed to the Mayor to let him proceed as be only had one word to say. Tbe Ma tor ; I cannot allow you to speak. Quietness now being obtained, the Mayor rose io put tbe &mcndnieat.; Mr. MriiRAY (rising): Before you put it, juat one word. (Disorder). Mr. E. Macabee : I wish to say o few words to the amendment. (Cries of ' Plat form).' Mr, MraE.iV: It is tbe amendment I want to speak to. Mr. Macab£e : I rise to make an amend ment on. the amendment. The Mayor (without noticing Mr. Macaree's last remark) : I want you to give as fair play as possible. That its a show of hands, and don't put op two or three at a time. Hold op one, and 1 will do my best to count on both sides. A vote was then taken on the amendment, a large number holding np their hands both for and against. j The Mayor : You may think that tbe decision I am going to give may be doing aa ' injustice : but there are a. great number here, and it is not possible to count the hands. (X voice: 'Take it over again.') No ; I will not take it over a^uin I declare the .ijuctid meut losrt. (Crits of ' Ob,' followed by loud applause.) i Mr. Kidstos rose to make a. remark - but ' the meeting became so disorderly that only a few words that he uttered could be beard ' ] He was understood to dissent from the deci i fiion of the Mayor. The motion was then put, and declared by the Mayor to have been carried by a large majority. Mr. G. B. Shaw, -wbo rose to move the second resolution, was greeted with hooting That in view of the ttre«iouu resolution being- passed ve are of opinion two delegates should be immeduUdj despatched to London to lay -ata daim before the Home He said that the representatives of the move ment in London had pointed out the neces sity and desirableness of sending from this part of the colony two delegates—men wbo had a large acquaintance with tbe subject, wbo knew the whole history of the question, and were seized on every point with all tbe facts in connection with Separation. Ue was ratber sorry a side issue should have been brought in. He was one of those who would give to the electors of tbe colony tbe same right as tie possessed himself. That was a vote, Tbe question was a. broad one, audone that, at lie right time, should be considered ; but when they were trying to secure for them selves local self- government, every side is&ue; — be did not care what it was — should be pnt to one side. (Applause.) In the course of his remarks, Mr. Shaw said he wanted to make it clear that this was not a meeting of the Separation League ; but a spontaneous gather ins oE the ratepayers of Rockbampton. Mr. WALTZKCoOK,in«ecoatUngtueiQotiOD, feiid there had been a lot said that evening, much oE which, perhaps, would have been better unsaid. He was rather pleased to see Mr. Kidstou and Mr. Stewart there thai night, because they badspoken very much to the point. Thcv had shown that the people in the Central District laboured under grievances, and that a Urge portion of the body was totally un franchised, and bad no voice in the State at. alL Mr. Kidston had been kind enough to come there, and show that tbey had wrongs ; and they were there that evening to advocate that these wrongs should be lifted from off tbera- Mr. Cook then briefly reviewed the history of Separation, and touched on tbe advantages that would result from its attain ment, tfesuug on to the railway adminis tration, he said there was a complete bungle from beginning to end, instancing that, for ic»nt of a safe to keep mosey In, he was unable to send goods to a. certain station on the line only a few days ago except they were prepaid. They wanted Separation, be maintained, because tbey desired a constitution that would doveLuil with their requirements. It wad a general complaint — and very just it was — that a large number of the- inhabitants of this hmd were disfranchised ; but under Separation they wonld have a constitution that would dovetail with their requireaients. They would bare new- laws enacted* and they would be free from the bungling system they had been accustomed to. Wise laws would be enacted, and in the future they would be abie to give to every man worthy of it a vote. (A voice : *' Every man,' and applause.) Mr. £. Macakee. spoke at some length in support of the motion, stating he bad been a working man all bis life, and should always be so ; that be was in favour of giving every inhabitant of the Central District tbe same electoral right as he enjoyed himself ; and that if tbe new parliament established in this part of Queensland did not grant that right, the electors would be able to compel it by force of numbers to do bo. He deprecated, however, the introduction of the question at the present time, to the possible injury of Separation. The motion was then put and carried. Tills terminated tlie proceeding*. 