OUR NEWCASTLE -n ? LETTER. ?'??''?.! (fbom ot/b own connESPONDEurl) I 1nkWoasti,e, Blonday Night, L Tho Boat Ituoo. j The race in light skiffs between Tom Croese and 'Scotty' Schofield for £100 asido took plaoe over the Baymond Terrace course on Thursday last in the presence of upwards of 500 people. Tho event caused a lot of excitement all over the district, and a lot of money changed hands over the result. The men were in the best possible condition, Schofield turning tbe scales at 12st and Croese a trifle over 10st. Mr. Clarence H. Hannell, J.P., acted as starter, and got the lads away on very even terms. Croese shot away to the front, and after putting in a few powerful strokes he settled down comfortably to his work, and pulled away leisurely, having ' Scotty ' under his eye the whole distance. Boforo the half-mile post was reached it was apparent to everybody that Croese must win. 'Sootty' was pulling well, but he sat an awkward seat. He showed plainly that he was anything but a finished sculler in light skiffs, but of course this awkwardness will leave him ifhe continues practising. A couple of well-known Sydney sportsmen were on board the umpire's boat, and the race had not proceeded very far when they were calling out 20 to 1 on Croese. This tempting offer was accepted in one or two places, but when reaching the last stretch, the offer went begging, Schofield's party being satisfied that they had not the ghost of a chance. Croese took matters very coolly right through and paddled home a length in advance of his opponent. Mr. Walter Sidney gave the time as 21min 8 1/2sec, the distance being slightly over 3 1/4 miles. The settling took place at George Bunn's Great Britain Hotel on Saturday evening, and passed off very satiafactorily. It was fully expected that some more matches would have been ratified, but, beyond a little talk, nothing was done. It is possible though that Young Dick Hickey will be matched against the winner before long. Croese's party are only too willing to come to terms, not only with Hickey, but with any man on the Hunter River. Croese is looked upon as a coming lad, and if nothing turns up for him in Newcastle it is quite possible that his friends will take him to Sydney. For his race with Schofield he was trained by Harry Messenger, to whom no end of credit is due for the way in which he brought his charge to the post. 'Scotty' was attended to by Alec M'Lean, the cham pion's brother, who did his utmost to bring the novice out fit and well. The Harriers. Tho 410yds Handicap promoted by the Con tennial Harriers was contested on the Cricket Ground on Saturday afternoon, in the pre sence of a vory fair attendance. Those ovents are becoming vory popular, and tho lads always looK forward to them with a deal of . anxiety. Saturday's final was wou by )V. ' Campbell, Jack Greaves running second, and P. Sparko third. Tho Wheelmen. Mr. J. SI. Arnott, the hou. sec. of tho ? Northumberland Uicyclo Club, has issued an attractive programme to be discussed at the two days' meeting on Thursday and Saturday, May 14 and IB. Inclnded in tho programme .' is a championship event, and several other oijually interesting races aro Bet down for if cision. I Football. The members of tho Newcastle Eugby Foot- I ball Club held their annual meeting at. tha I Centennial Hotel, on Friday evening, Mr. H..I H. Lang in tho chair. The annual report waa read and unanimously adopted. It was shown I that tho first 15 had played 13 matches, of j which 8 wore won, 4 lost, and 1 drawn, scoring I in 'all 95 points as against their opponents' 'JO. I In addition to this, threo wins may be scored for matches forfeited. Tho Second Fifteou played 9 matches, of which 1! wero won, 0 lost, ; ' and 1 drawn, scoring 77 points as against 47. Tbe Sydney and Wallaroo Football Olnbs paid us a visit during tbe season, and in both tbesa matches your clnb was successful. 0a May 21- thu team journeyed to Purrumatta; aud wore defeated by the locul club. Oil August ' 2, a scratch team visited Tainworth, and spent a very pleasant time, tho match resulting in a win for the club by 10 points to 3. Tha trophies for tho past season's phiy were balloted for by the phiyorx and wero won as follows :— back play, F. Nickiesou ; forward play, Harry Greaves. Tbo hulunuc-shect showed that during tho year the sum of ;£26' 2s Od had been received from subscriptions and doiia-. ? tions, and tlio sum of £2i 12s 2d'«o!i.' expended, leaving a credit balance, including £3 Us (id ou hand, of JJ5 4s KM. Tho election of officers for tho ensuing year resulted as follows i-Prosiduiit, Mr. JI. H. Lang (re elected); riee-uresKlciiln, Messes. A. Liiiig will, S. Laing, K. Graham, and .1. E. Cooko (re-elected) ; secretary, Mr. John Talon (iu elected); Ueasuiui', .Mr. 14. C. Losturj captain, Mr. C. Whiting ; viuu-captaiu, Mr. T. ]'. Carr; delegates lu the Ktigby Union, Messrs. H. Luiiig (ru-clcutinl), aud a.' Donaldson ; sclecliiui commiltee, thecnplaiu, ' vico-eaplaiu, and Jlr. .1., Greaves ; general committei!,|Messrs. J. Oreaves, H. Greaves, C. Donaldson, If. Croudace, \V. Gardiner, 11. K Cliarles, F. Nickisson, and G. Melville: sooretary second fifteen, Mr. H. Thurlovv, lleforo the uioulitig difperscd Mr. Tel Grahaino drnw alleuliuu to tho fact that the Northern branch nf lln Kugby Union was J!S!) in debt, auJ with Mr. I.ang ho hud become responsible for tliut nioiiient. lie desired that ths club should assist in cleui'iug oft the- debt,- and suggested that, a tnomber should be appointed to iiltond the next meeting of tho Union. Af tor discUKsioii, the members proscut hit tin ' matter iu tho hands of tbe delegates, subject to tho approval of the committee. Tlio Pc'llt'iins. It is quite ou the ranis that tho bruins, match bnbvoon Chris Cunningham and Charles Walkley will full through, it wili.be ruiuoin bered that tho committee of the Club a Tort- ' night ugo promised n purse nf 20 sovs for the ? men, and as soon as they wero apprised of tin . Tact they soUlorf down lo hartf gruft. It transpires now that Cunningham will bo unablo to go on with thu light, as ho has been . given to understand that if he attempts to enjoy himself in this manner bo will be num. marily dismissed from tho linn for whom ha ; works. Cumiinghuu ii not tho wealthiest ? man in die world, and ho cannot afford to : siicrifice his billet -for the sake of engaging in ? a boxing content. Tlio committee of the club aro now considering as to who thev shall put ; against Wnlklcy. It is only right that ha.i should bo given Brut show, cotisidei-iug that ho : has now beon disappointed twice. There is souiu talk or tho club arranging a feather weight boxing tournament for a substantial purse, tho oveut lo take place in the course of a few weeks. Vickors and O'Neil are aiiiious, j to have a cut at ono another. The latter lias, already depositfid a liver, and as soou al' Viokers covers it tho club will probably decidl to givo tho lads a puree. The Kauas. .j The annual race mooting of tho New. castle Jockey Club was a decided BiicocaS. in ovory respect. Tho racing won all lhat could be desirod, ami the hotting ou tho various events was unusually brisk. Tho chief cvout ou thn first; day wa» won by Ernest, trained by Billy Rouse. In connection with this evont Mr. Walter Sidney promoted a consultation, ami: tbo hard-working tniuers, Geordie Bolton and Franz Reay, were successful in pulling off this big mouoy. Thev offorcd tho owner one-third' of the prize, but he held out for one-half, whioh the holders of tho ticket point-blank . refused to give. Tho result was that Ernest I owner recoivod ' nix,' and the two Gooidici eoooped tho pool. 