KULPAJiA. JU.»e II, 1891. ] After vondering if we *<>re ever to hflvp any mote rain Ae iiu ' a vi-ry ni.. f«1« la it night, aod 'he is *t'IJ !<•» and appearances are f^'-on1 1«\ w«* ti'mi it is probable we shall soon ha«e -om< oiore. We were very sorely in need of it, and although we hive no wat»r in tin 'dams yet it is likely that tlsi- will saw some «f the crops. It mutt naturally be a long time before we shall get any feed, and the dry weather an 1 bare ground are beginning already to tell on the stock. So fejv of as exercised our franchise at j the recent elections that we are almost ashamed to refer to it at all, but it is only fair to ourselves and the candidate of our i choice to give the public some of the reasons for our apparent half heartedness In the first place the time was rather un- j fortunate, we were in the middle of seed ing operations and many were water cart- i ing. But perhaps the best reason with f many was that they regarded the conclu sion as foregone. It was well know how ! vastly the voting power of the mines overshadowed ours, aad many refrained i from voting because they did not see the i ghost of a chance for tbeir candidate. Personally, I think it is quite time at tention was turned in the direction indi cated by one of the candidates at the recent declaration of the poll—viz., th? division of the district. It has now been deminstrated that if the A.M A. put up a man the farmers of this district may as well go to bed, as go to the polling booth, for all the good they can do. The inter ests of this district are at least equal though the voting power is lopsided, and yet we present the anomaly of having two Bieo in Parliament representing the mi ning interest alone, in the election of whom the farmers have not even had a say. Probably a good many farmers or their eons and men are not on the roll, and the new roll when prepared may make us much stronger, while the A.M.A. id as strong as ever it will be with the present population, but the new roll cannot i possibly effect the relative position of things. The miners will vote as they are told to, and the farmers prefer individual franchise. If the Single Electorate Bill is carried daring the sesBion we may stand a chance of division here, if not it would be far better to split up this district again attaching: part of it, say, to Wooroora and part to Stanley. A young man of our parts, a few weeks ! ago, became desirous of having his picture ■ takes, thinking nothing was simpler ] than to go to get it taken by your) celebrated photographer, he took train for j Kadina and arrived safely ail smiles, but it was Friday and this turned out to be the day the picture man did not receive yisitors. Our young hopeful relaxed his features and came home. Nothing daunt ed however lie tried once more, this time choosing Monday, but when he arrived it struck him that jour little town was unnaturally still. He visited a few business places in order to pick up a few odds and ends to put himself in trim for his picture, but they were all closed. He then set out to make a few friendly calls, in most places he found no one at all, here and there there was a servant left, from these he gathered that there was a picnic somewhere and they had all gone. Everywhere it was the same tale gone to the picnic." He now tried for .the "pbotoger man," he was out, shop shut; now to the picture man's lodgings, " gone to the picnic." Then he got into the main street and danced on bis hat and coat. He then went to the station where in answer to his enquiries be found that no trains would start till next day. So he put the tattered remains of his coat under his arm and tramped back to Kulpara. Some few people met him, but none of them were going his way and it is hardly likely either of these people will go that road, again after dark for some time. He has been in there since and had his "picture tooked" but the man is afraid to send them home. The young fellow eays that the last time he was there the damage to the main street was nearly all repaired and the people were wondering that they did not hear the earthquake, and he says that if he had heard that before he went to the likeness-takerV, the pictures would have turned out alright. There has been a good deal of sickness here, owing perhapB to the unseasonable weather. Mr and Mrs Millard bave lost their youngest child with diptheria, a bright sturdy little boy of six years, he was at school on Monday and was buried on Friday. Much sympathy is felt for the family. 