WAS II A DREAM ? By Wxllsbkb Lee. 1drna® P Thesis the question I have put to myself a hundred times, and to which I Uo to furnish rsaris fJ When it occurred, I was on a hoU8e of my old mend and schoolfellow, Godfrey Stanford. I "wvaiyowB tbreeiznenths in England, havimr where an excellent appointeaent had beea obtained for me five Ftere before. I had departed from home under tne Wright of a disappointment such, as wpme men tour easily enough, but which affects others differently. Godfrey's siBter, Blanche Stanford, was at that period a clever, handsome girl of nineteen whose beauty and charm of manner won ad miration wherever she went. I was three yearehersanior, and having been acquainted with her from the time when she was a it ® not surprising that as she approached woman hood I feU deeply in love with her. She was then seventeen, but I did not speak for another year and a half, and when I did, she refused me. I believe, for certain reasons, I had choBen an unpropitious time ; but the interest of my friends bad procured for me the appoint ment to wnich I have alluded, my outfit was in preparation, and in a tew weeks I was to sail. During the first portion of my life in India, new scenes and associations brought no relief to my mind, embittered as it was by the failure of my dearest hopes. Time, after time intelligence reached me of offers which Blancne had re jected as she had mine ; but at last I heard she was engaged to Algernon Koyston, a man who, though not more than twenty-eight, was al ready rising to distinction at the Bar— one whose ability nobody could question, but who, in other respects— well, 1 may' spare my censure ; events proved what he was. I waited in daily expectation of hearing of their marriage ; hut, from one cause and another, it was delayed. At last a letter from Stanford, with whom I had corresponded, brought me some extraordinary news, in referring to which it is necessary I should relate, in as few words as possible, a small portion of the family history of Godfrey and his sister. Their grandfather, Talboys Stanford, was a man whose eccentricities were a bye- word with all who knew him. One of the chief was a pro pensity for alternately quarrelling with each' of his two sons. If one was in favour, the other was sure to be out. His will was continually being altered, and his estate of G&iton; Manor, together with a large fortune he possessed, being left first to one and then to the other. The only property with which he could not meddle was that known as Doleston Grange. This was an old house standing in about a hun dred acres of very poor land. It had belonged to his wife, and went, at his death, to the elder son, who had been her f avourite. It was here Mr. Stanford lived, with an old married oouple as servants. Among other things, he was a miser, and grudged the expense of keeping up Galton Manor, which he preferred to let ; but a tenant for so large a place was not easy to find, and during most of its time, it was empty and neglected. It was with, bis elder son he was at feud when his death occurred. Yowing to destroy the will which some months before he had made in his favour, he shut himself up in the room at Doleston Grange in which he usually sat, and in which, some hours after, he was found lying dead on the floor. The only will that could be found was one in which he left everything to his .younger son. It was not the last he had made, hut this, no doubt, he had destroyed, in accord anoe with his threat, as all search fox it was unavailing. It was at first thought that the younger brother would do something to repair the in justice his father had committed,; but this ex pectation was disappointed and the elder lived and died a poor man, insteaa of a rich One. Perhaps it was some twinge of conscience which caused the other, after his death, to adopt the boy ana girl he had left. He himself was a widower, and childless, so he took Godfrey and Blanche to Galton Manor, and for many years they had no reason to complain of his treatment of them. It was known that not only Godfrey would inherit the bulk of his uncle's -property, but that Blanche would also have a handsome fortune. As Edward Stanford grew old, however, he showed that he had inherited certain of his father's qualities, as well as his estate. He quarelled with his nephew for marrying a. por tionless girl, and then drove his niece from hie doors because she sided with her brother. Then he fell ill, and dying, left all he possessed to some relations of his wife. Upon the heels of this Blanche received a letter from RoyBton, dwell- ing upon his inability to support a wife who brought no addition to his income, on which plea the rascal, who must have beeu mak ing close upon three thousand a year, meanly deserted her. Godfrey's marriage, and all that resulted from it, happened at the time I was in Iniia. When I beard the news, I decided at once to let her see that her loss of fortune had made no alteration in me. as soon as I could make the necessary arrangements, I returned to England. Upon arriving in London I saw Godfrey, who was there upon business. He told me that he was about t ! put Doleston Grange into the market, get what he could for it, and emigrate, with his wife and sister, to Australia. Blanche was staying in town with some friende, a whose house I saw her. I had dreaded to find her changed by misfortune but I found her as hand some as ever, perhaps bauds mer. for she had developed intou more womanly beauty. Her face and manner were, indeed j a shade graver ffran £ remembered them, but this did not rob her of a single bharm. I told Godfrey of the principal object that liarl brought me to England ,and he said: "Don i speak yet. The Brooks aud old Ketridge have promised to pay me a visit at Doleston Grange. I have a whim to entertain one or two of my -best friends in the poor old house before I part with them, perhaps for ever. I intended to ask you. Leave it until then." Mr. and Mrs, Brook were Blanohe s hosts- people of otir own time of life. Old Mr. Ketridge was the family lawyer who had knpwn Godfrey from a baby, and done him many kindnesses, especially since, his uncle 8 » death. These and myself were the only guests when, following Godfrey's advice, I went down to Doleston Grange. ... I gGt there two days later, the rest having been detained in London. After greeting me, Godfrey said: II My wife is ill a difficulty, Treveliion, though I tell her it is nothing. The room beyond your bedroom is the one in which mv grandfather was found dead. Report says it has been haunted ever since on the anniversary of the night he died, the 16th of October, and this is the 9th. We should be happy to lodgt vou next to a room with more agreeable asso ciations, but in this half -dit mantled old place we are rather short of habitable apartments. i laughingly assured Mrs, Stanford that she need think no more about it— that I was not sensitive on the score of ghosts, and should. \- - sleep not a whit the leu soundly. Before I had been long in the some house with Blanche. I had many opportunities of reviving our former intimacy. She told me of her plans fox the future. " Godfrey thinks," she said, " that I am going with him, to be a burden on his slender means, but I have no such intention. I shad stay behind and turn governess, Mrs. Brook can get me a place with, some nice people, and I am Buxe after a time I shall like it very well.' I tried to combat this resolution, and as I did so, led up to the subject I wished so much to approach. At length I spoke of what I had never ceased to feel forher, even when I thought she was lost to me for ever, and asked her to be my wife. She shook her Lead as she an swered: "It is 'more friendship than love, Walter. You are afraid for my future, and are thinking of old' times. You cannot feel as you did towards me before I refused you to take a man who turned hn back- when misfortune overtook me. If I bad the same prospects now that I had before yon went away, I cannot say what might happen. As things are, I should despise myself; Please speak no mote of it and she rose and left me before I could make an effort to detain her. When I retired to rest that night, the incidents of the day had driven from my mind the fact that it was the 16th of October, he night upon which, nearly half a century before, the old miser had been found dead in the room next tomine. I was full of thoughts — which were in their way . dis quieting as any tears could have been— -as to what might occur in the haunted chamber before the day dawned' bail I been nervous on the point. Yet, in the renewed -disappointment of those hopes which ha d been revived in all their early intensity by fli news that Blanche was free, there was one atom of comfort. It was evident she was touched by my constancy— by the fact that, even when our umon seemed impossible. ! had never ceaBed to think of her. Nay, her words had even indicated a feeling warmer than this ; and was it not possible that iu time I might overcome the scruple which she had almost confessed to be the sole bar to our marriage ? _ There was a grain of comfort in these reflec tions, and, lover-iike, I made the most of it as I remained with my eyes unclosed for over an hour. I had heard the clock strike twelve shortly after I lay down, and I was still as far from sleep as ever when it struck one. At that moment a strange feeling took possession of me, and, try how I would, I could not rid my self of it. I strove to think of Hub, that, and the other, of the subject of which I had already been thinking so much, of my zesidence in India., of my voyage thence, and the variouB incidents of the passage — anything to disengage my mind from the singular idea which disturbed it. It was to no purpose, for in spite of all I could do, the feeling was every instant becoming stronger. _ I Bat up in bed, aud listened. No, not the faintsst Bound — not so much as a moose would make behind the old wainscot — a silence as unbroken as that of death itself. I dislike a light at night, and the darkness was as complete as the silence. I sought to pierce it as I looked towards the door of the inner room ; but, un assisted even by the faint gleam which might have found its way through the window had the heavy curtains not been closely drawn, I could not penetrate its absolute blackness. Then I listened again, with hearing strained to catch the slightest noise.; but wiln the same result as before. Yet I felt sure, seek how I would to regard the thought as a mere absurdity, that there was some one in the inner room. It is curious that up to this point I had not recollected that it was the night of the 16th ol October, Suddenly it flashed upon me, and as it did so, a sensation nearer akiu to terror than any I had ever experienced overcame me, and I dreaded less some hideous phantom should re veal itself to my eyes. But I am not con stitutionally timid. Previously, indeed, I had given, upon more than one occasion, proof that I possessed at least average steadiness of nerve. The fit soon parsed off. I xb3e determined to get rid cf this chimera and convince myself of its unreality by inspecting the room. I trusted having once satisfied myself by this means j to return with a more composed mind, «-r»d pass the remainder of the night in slesp. I was about to strike alight, when, happening once more to torn my eyes towards the door before mentioned, I how thought that I perceived a faint gleam tarough. a chink at the bottom — so faint, indeed, that it might be a mere delusion. I went a step or two closer. Yes, undoubtedly there was a pale light showing through the aperture. I advanced a few more steps, and laid my hand upon the knob of the door. With the impulse I felt to suddenly throw the back door and confront whatever might be on the other side of it, 1 also experienced a reluctance to do so. This time it was not fear ; I cannot describe what it was. Again I listened. The grave itself was not more silent than was everything about me. The room was warm — for the fire which had been kindled has only just gone out— yet I became cold from head to foot ; the very heart within me seemed turned to ice. Still, the hand which in my hesitation I kept on the door was as steady and free from tremour as if the situation had. been one of the most ordinary ocnirrence. How long I stood thus motionless I cannot say. It seemed to me several minutes, but it was probably not more than one. Then I softly turned the handle and opened the door an inch or two. I could now no longer be deceived as to the route. The opening was too narrow for me to see much of the interior of the room. Situated as the door was, only a small angle of was visible, but within that space stood a chair And an old screen that had been folded and placed against the wall. I could see these objects distinctly, yet the light in which they were re vealed was not a bright, but. a dim. one —a pale, phosphorescent gleam. Gradually I pushed the door back, and gradually there came into view one or two pieces of old furniture and a fragment of old, moth-eaten tapestry, which covered & few feet of the opposite wall. Another step and I was within the room, and was about to glance all round it, when my eyes were arrested by a eight that riveted their gaze. Near the tapestry I have mentioned stood an old writing-table, and before.it, seated in a high- backed chair, was a strange figure. When I became convinced that the room was not in darkness, and that all which had happened to me was no mere trick of the imagination, but one of those mysterious warnings such as will at times come to us when seme unforeseen thing is about to occur, it had flashed on me that possibly some thief had entered through the window of this empty room, which afforded a of access to tho rest of the house. But the figure I now beheld was not that of any midnight ruffian; it was that of an old m in, with thin grey locks, surmounted by a black velvet skull-cap, and with a frame bent by age. His face was partially towards me as he rested his elbow on the table, with his head upon his hand and his eyes fixed upon the ground. He was dressed in an old-fashioned coat of brown cloth, with waistcoat and trousers of the same material and colour, very worn aud rusty. His withered face was pallid to the lips, and the wrinkled hand which lay nriQo tk<» nrm.oE the chair was OS white OS marble. Presently he reised his eyes, and as their glance passed over me I telfc an indesoribV able shock, though they gave no sign that he was conscious of my pretoenoe. A dreadful suspicion as to the true character v 8xang® intruder earner upon me. Had me thought of escaping from a sight which filled me with horror occurred to me, I ooula not have acted upon It, for I had hot the power to move. Had I attempted to utter a cry that would have broken the ptdosniailsiitt aadf tile spall which rooted me tothe wot, It would ot mrionffae would hav| refused the office. It was thp nelplessness of nightmare, in which toe dreamer can neither' stir nor speak, and yet from the time 1 had: entered my bedroom until the moment then present I had not closed on eye. At length the old man left the chair, still without making the slightest sound. Moving to where the old tapestry hung, he held ff de with one hand, while, kneeling down, he placed the other upon the andhnTbtak wams- oot beneath. He had scarcely touched it when suddenly rose, and turning round wiih a wild, vacant stare upon his lastly features, raised his arms above his head. For an he was motionless as a statue, then he stag gered and fell. My eyes . were fixed on the prostrate form as it faded from my sight. Thf light faded .with it, and I was alone with thl darkness. I groped my way back, to my bed, and into a heavy sleep. When I woke, it w&4 broad day. I rose, and drawing the window- curtains, let in the cheerful light of a bright October morning. With the passing of night T might have felt disposed to regard the whole thing as an unpleasant drCam, but the right of the door, which I had omitted to close, and1 which was therefore standing open, would have banished this idea. Whatwas I to think? A belief in any ordinary, commonplace super' stition was not only out of date, 'hut was op posed to the character of my mind and educa tion ; still I could not avoid the oonclurion that I had been broad awake. At breakfast I made no allusion to the sub ject, but after. the meal was concluded, I took Stanford apart and to id. him everything. At first he laughed, but seeing that I was perfectly desirous, he said : " My dear-bellow, these things are alwayB to be explained without trespassing on the bounds of the supernatural. This was no doubt the result of your condition, and the tales you have heard about the room. I hope," he added with a smile, " that the time may come when I shall be able to entertain you as my guest without putting you so near the apartment occupied by the family ghost." 44 Godfrey," said I, " I am no doubt going to be very absurd. I know you will laugh at me ; but though this may admit of some natural explanation, I have a curious feeling in con nection with it. Will yon come into the room with me?" 44 Certainly." Thirher we went at once. Stanford threw back the shutters, opened the window, and lei in a full flood of daylight and fresh air. 44 Upon my word," he remarked, as he lookei out of the old garden, " it iB too bad of my re spected grandfather to appropriate this room." 44 Stanford," said I, 44 will you hold this tapestry bacx ?" I had taken a ruler from the table, and hv smiled as I commenced to tap the old oak panelling that ran along the lower part of the wall, but when I cams to a certain ppot, his countenance changed. 44 By Jove!" he cried, "that sounds ratkei hollow !" 44 That," I answered, 44 is the spot where ths tW man I saw in—in my dream, if you will. ptefe<nrIs hand." Stanford paused a moment, and then said : 44 This is very strange. Though there m&5 be nothing in it, we will, investigate it further. If this panel is a movable one, there is probably some secret way of opening, it, but we might try for a year without discovering it." So he at once sent for the village carpenter, who soon arrived with a bag of tools. Mean while he said nothing, even to his wife, foi neither of us cared to incur the ridicule whicl might have followed such a proceeding as ours, if nothing came of it. We took the man przvatelv iuto the room, and Stanford said : 44 Richards, I want the panel removed, so that it can be replaced with as little appearance as possible of having been taken out." Richards, found it no easy task to accomplish on the tough old wainscot, but at length he managed it, while we stood by, anxiously wait ing to see what would be revealed. 44 There's a hole here, sir," he said, he re moved- the piece of oak board. 44 Anything in it, RichardB ?" Stanford asked carelessly. 44 Yes, sir ; here be something." As he spoke he pulled out a japanned tin box, similar to those used by solicitors for keep ing documents in. He placed it on the table. Stanford looked at me, and I at hiin ; but for a moment neither of us said anything. Then he whispered : 44 If the key of tins box belonged to my grandfather, it was lost long ago. There is nothing for it but to break it open ; but I'll have old Ketridge here first." He left the room, and in a few moments re turned with Ketridge and Brook also. They had evidently received no hint as to the mean ing of the summons, and Brook, when he saw the carp, uter and the broken panel, wore a look of astonishment and curiosity; but Mr. Ketridge's steady old business face betrayed no feeling of the kind, nor did it alter in the least from its habitual expression of taking everything as a matter of course. It was to him Godfrey spoke. 44 Mr. Ketridge," he-said, ft a very curious thing has happened. Treveliion had reason to suspect the existence Cf a secret compartment behind the wainscot of this room. We have made an examination, and found this box " — placing his hand on it. 4 It is to you, sir, that I naturally turn for advice in connection with, such a matter. What am T to do next ?" 44 My dear boy," replied the old gentleman, 44 the next thing to be done is simple. Open the box, and see what it contains." 44 Richards," said Godfrey, 41 burst the lid. "Now, sir," he went on, when the lock had been forced, and several bundles of paper were re vealed, 44 you will be so good as to these?" Mr. Ketridge quietly adjusted his spectacles, and bsgan to comply with Godfrey's request. After glancing through the first two bundles, he laid them aside, and said, while he con tinued the inspection, 44 1 never saw your _gii.-<avner, Godfrey, but I have always' heard that ho was a very curious person, given to all sorts cf secret and mysterious courses about trifling matters in re gard to which such conduct was altogether needless and unmeaning. This confirms what I have heard. These papers are, so far, of in tere6t to no one. Receipted- bills, old letter and memoranda, such as might have been burned or plaoed in any ordinary receptacle, in stead of bring bidden behind a secret panel. It is extraordinary what pleasure some men take in" I was watching the old lawyer narrowly. While speaking, he was glancing at the third bundle, which seemingly answered tins 49 scriptionhe had given of tile preceding ones, for Kmev it aside ind fferentiy. The next thing tbatcame to hand waa a. bine paper, folded neatfy aad tied with red tape. As he untied Mid looked at It.he broke off in what he was s&fiug.;&nd;, perfect &s; was his command of sa&ares;, I saw that his countenance changed. Hespon regained his composure. Godfrey.'' ha e<ud, " moat of these papers Iterial and unimportant, bat it might be as Wellthat we should look at them closer." Despite his measured bene and collected manner, everyone saw uhat ha had something to say of more momentthan his words "implied At his suggestion we went to thelibrary," the box beink carried then . . ' " "Godfrey," fee said; as soon as' we were seated,." Id o.not wish to raise hopes which may, after all, be disappointed, yet' ' he went on, as he ones' more drew forth the paper I have mentioned, 44 I do notsee how there can be any,; doubt abbot the matter. Godfrey, you have borne bad fortune so well, that I hope this paper may bring you good fortune. " It is my opinion that your grandfather never destroyed the will by which your father .would have inherited Galton Manor, hut that this is the Teiy document. " Such a piece of unexpected intelligence teemed to take Godfrey's breath away. At last he said, in a somewhat unsteady voice, aa e held out his hand : "May I look at it?" " One moment.- Permit me first to Yes," he continued, after once more looking through it, 44 I see no reason to donbt it. Your grandfather died on the 16th September, 1845. This will, which is unquestionably his, is dated three months before. It is in my .father's hand- Writing. and I know it was the last he made. The one tinder which your uncle inherited was dated a yearearlier. Your grandfather, as vou know, was found dead in the room we have just left the moininv after he came here with the intention of destroying this will, in order ihat_ the previous one might take effect. It is clear that he either changed his mind, or died suddenly before he accom plished his purp>se. Anyhow, the result will be to repair the injustioe that has been done to you." Old Mr. Ketridge rose, and as he handed the paper to Stanford, shook him by the hand. " Godfrey," be said, " I congratulate you on promise of good fortune of which I see no reason to donbt the fulfilment." All came about as he predicted. Godfrey's . father was proved to have been true heir to the estate which his brother had enjoyed in his place, but which now had to be restored to his son. But though his nude's will was power less to dispossess him, Godfrey respected the one which had been made in his own favour so far as to make over to his sister the sum of money which would have been hers in virtue of it. _ Even had he not done so, I believe I should ultimately have overcome the scruples which interfered with her acceptance of me. As it was, directly after the case was settled, I be came the happy man I had so long hoped to be. As to the light in which to regard the cir cumstance which led to the discover r of the will, I am as much at sea as ever. Was the whole thing mere fancy ? Did, on the other hand, the spirit of old Talboys Stanford really return to earth, to haunt the spot where death hai anticipated the accomplishment >f his purpose, either in fruitless endeavour to fulfil or else with the wish to repair the injury he I had done to Godfrey's father? As I have already said, I can arrive at no satisfactory conclusion on this point; so there is one question which I must continue to myself, whenever the subject recurs to my mind — namely, 44 Was it a dream 