8TRANGE STORIE8- Ilv James Greenwood ("The Amateur Casual.") Author of "Humphrey Dyot," "Reuben Davittger," "Under a Cloud," "Dick Temple." "The True Historv of a Little RacamufBn," "Pretty Lizzio Lisle," "Kcrrison's Crime.""Fair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf," " Jail Birds' Bumps," etc., etc. (All Rights Reserved. No. '2. MISS MEAGLKS'S MONEY. CHAPTER I —Miss Mk.uji.es ls Driven By Her Drothku's Rascality to Skkk a Watery Gravil It is a sad thing to nay of brother anu lister, but without much fear of contradic tion it may Iks asserted that there were never two individuals who dctcsled each other more cordially than Tobms meaeics anu ins sister rnsctlin. They were old enough, nnrl should have been worldly-wise enough to know better. Boili had assisted the father, old Mic;<h McagU-B, who was a thriving jiawuhroker in Portsmouth, anil when lie died he left tho hatnUomostunof six thousand pounds to be equally divided, ami in addition the good will of tho business to Tobias. Probably the old gentleman would have left them an cqunl shuro in the pawnbrokhig, but bo knew their temper. For years pre vious to his demise, it bad been tbe one trou bio of his existenco to hear the daily snarl- ings and bickerings that took place between thcin. and when about to give up tho ghost —at which timo Tobias was aged thirty- three, Ids sister boing two years older— it was bis last comfort so to apportion his wealth, that his children need not, unless thoy chose, reside under tho uumu roof even. But this promising arrangement did not provo lastingly efficacious. Tobias, who during Ids father's lifetime, and from his boyhood upward had «cdu!uusly stuck to business, summer nnd winter, nml alt tho year round, suddenly "took a turn." Ho was not a nico-looking young. man. As a youth ho had outgrown his strength, and at eighteen stood five feet ten in his stock ings, and from that period, instead of making flesh and " /ilium out," all tho nutriment ho swallowed seemed io go to mako bono only. At Xi ho was lanky, and sallow, and freckled, with deep-set, light- grey oyes, and wispy, sandy hair, and probably the largest pair of feet to bo found on tho South coast. Never a girl in Portsmouth town would at ono time speak to him, but thoy altered their views when It cntno to ho known tiiat Toby Mcaglcs had seemingly buried all hi curmudgeon propensities ulong with his late parent, and was now determined to make tha money fly. He urged its flight with such capablo wings that what with tho ordinary dissipation nf social existence, gambling and horscrocing, in little more than J8 mouths Lis name over tho pawnbroker's shop was obliterated in favor of u successor, and tho day enmuwhen of his tlirco thousand pounds ho hod barely cnougli left to pay tho steam boat faro from Portsmouth to ftydu, which was olehtpcnco, so that ho might proceed to Bhanklin, where Priscilla had taken up her akodo, to implore his sister to lend him a helping hand. And now would luvo been Priscllla's turn, rum anu uvuu ixmcsauu oi ait iuo malignancy that Toby had always given her credit for, to trample on her fallen foe. Ebo might havo declined to sco him, or what would havo been worse, sent him lialf-a-crown, by tho son-ant, with an intimation that tho propcrperson for individuals in his con dition to apply to for assistance was tho relieving ofliccr of tho parish. Priscilla behaved much hotter than, under the circumstances, ho might havo ' ' expected. She took him in, lodged and hoarded him, nnd agreed to allow him ten shilling weekly as pocket money, until such tune as hocoulu obtain suiuiblo em ployment aud provide for himself. But Tuhy Mcaglcs was a mean spirited rascal. Ho appeared grateful enough at first, and was profuse in his thanks to Iris sister for her generosity. But ho did net remain long In that frame of mind, lie prcscutly made a discovery. Priscilla uovcr had a sweetheart. With the heaviest share of a brisk pawnbroking business in a poor neighborhood on her bands slio had neither tbo lelsuro nor the Inclination to cngago in such frivolity ; nnd it seemed hardly likely tiiat at the" age of 30 she would show herself susceptible of tho tender passion. But, for that matter, the samo might Ire aid of Mr William Withers, a funnor of Newport, who had shown himsolf in vulnerable to tho darts of Cupid, until hie age was forty-five. Why Mr Withers remained a bachelor woo inexplicable to all who knew him. His means were far from inconsiderable, he was a well-built man, sound, round and civil, and eveu at fnrty-Ovo it needed no other evidence than that of ono's own eyesight lo bclicvo what everybody said, that as a middle-aged man \- there wasnot a handsomer, take tho lsio of Wight through aud through. It was not as though \\\ illiam Wit bora had an instiuctivo dislike lor female nociely. Ho was shy— nothing in tho world else, and any ''timo during tho past twenty years, when rallied on tho subject, ho would hlunli to the roots of his cloau-curling, chestnut hair, and laughingly eay that Ihcro was plenty of time for him, tiiat he meant to keep Ids head out of tho nooso aa long as po'ssiblo, but tiiat if ho was fated to bo offered a encrilico at the altar, when bis time came he would havo to submit. Having nothing to do now but livo a life of cote, and ainuau herself as she best could, it is not imporsildu that Miss Priscilla Meuglcv, debuting tho same matter in her mind, ami arrived nt a MtuM/ir resolution. Any way. Mr Withers, Mug on a visit to Shnitkliti, went to church ono .Sunday, and sat in tha ouiuo paw with Miss Mcaglcs, ami well, that wiui tho commencement of it. Thai a bachelor of forty-fivo should fnll in lovo with u spiuutcr of thirty-six was not very remarkable, rind leriinpu'it would have excited Irs comment hud the lady been passably good looking. But this, alas I Priscilla Mcaglcs wasnot. In stature, she wnseurioiiHly liko Toby, ami as records complexion, there was scarcely a freckle to chposo between them. As already mentioned Toby's hair was wispy and sandy, so was Priscilla's, hut Tohfns scored a notch against his Muter, Inasmuch ua he had pot a cost lit his eye, and sho had. Bho was a woman possessed of plain common fiouso, and wan quite cnuucimiH of hor uuattraativencss,aml, us need itotbusaid great was her gratification, not to say un- pcakahladelight, wheu the handsome tniddla- aged hachulor-farnicr evinced adinposition to make Idmself agrcenlria to her ; and his heart being of woll-sciUKiiicd stufT, when onco a flanio was kindled thoro It was very soon aglow. He invited her to canto and sco Ills ling littlo estate, ho suut her preseuts of came ho shot there. lie drove over from Newport every Sunday to go lo uliurch with her, and not unfrcqucntly found timo lo ru- peat his visit in tho courso of tho week as well, Afl need not lio remarked, William Withers' relatives did not liko it at all, but Priscilla did,, and that was all he eared for. Tha promising courtship had been going on several weeks when Tobias appeared on tho scene. Ho did not make any . discovery Immediately, however. When ho did ho opened his oyes in amazement. Ha opened bis mouth as well— but that was in privato —and cursed nnd sworo at a frightful rate. Tho baro Idea ol such ait ugly old guy, as his sister, lViscuJa, cnoouraging tho attentions of anybody— with a view to matrimony too t There coui'l bo no mistake about that I Nice sort of ristcriy behaviour wasn't it I A lot sho cared about him I Just as though sho couldn't havo been satisfied to remain single us lung as sho lived, aud when sho died leavo her money to lifm. Of courso, it was her money, and not hor this fellow wantod. There couldn't bo a shadow of a doubt as to (hut, and Toby rcgurdod- It as Iris duty to g<» uml spy about Mr Withers' place, nnd make private inquiries with a vfow to Irm Ming something to his disparagement, ai d which ho could carry back to Priscilla, ) tu L nobody bad a word to say against the worthy farmor, and Toby was baulked in his Auilublo dosigu. Determined, how- <>vcr, to break off the match by hook \ or by crook, he iudictod a letter in a felgnod \ liiuiil, and sont it anonymously to Mr Wit- tier, warning Him against tho rash step ho '( meditated in marrying a woman of anoh \ violent and vixenish ' temper, that when she V rcsidod in Portsmouth, the neighbors, left and right, wert constantly complaining v : ' about it. Her own father, the lettor declared, was not safe from her. Indeed, being affected with heart disease, he was at last frightened into a fit, by an outbreak of abpsc on his daughter's part, and taking to his bed, never recovered. Advising the farmer to pause More it was too late, the visitor suggested that he should at least make some enquiry. Miss Mcaglcs had a brother living with her, and who, of courso, would be tho first to screen her faults, hut he— Tobias Mcaglcs— was, to tho visitor's knowledge, a thoroughly religious and conscientious man, nnd if ho were asked certain questions might bo relied on to reply truthfully, whatever might bo the consequences. A man of tho world would havo put tho abominable letter into tho fire, and thought no more nbout it. But, as nlrcAdy slated, Mr William Withers knew little or nothing of the ways of women, and though it seemed to him that Miss Mcaglcs was nil that a man could possibly desire, there could bo no harm in acting on his anonymous corres pondent's suggestion. He had never yet seen Tobias, nnd he would tnanago to tncct him, nnd in tho course of u friendly chat a few artfully-shaped questions would, of course, servo tho purpose and net his mind And the meeting took place— unknown to Priscilla, of course. And over a glass of wine, nnd in a jocular sort of way, Mr Withers mentioned ids reception ot tho letter, and after pledging Toby to profuund- cst secrecy, showed it to Iritn. Eyeing him shrewdly while he was read ing it, the honest farmer saw that tho brother of his affianced looked embarrassed. Wheu Toby find perused it ho indignantly tore it into small pieces and threw them into the empty firo grate. "Well, man, hut what do you makeof it?" tho farmer asked. "Well, you know tho usual value of secret information furnished by one who is ashamed to attach his name to it," said Tobias anxiously. "it is all a pack of lies, then; a3 I, of course, expected. About her violent temper, and the poor old father, I mean." Priscilla's brother became ereatly agitated. " Sho will probably niter whan she is married," he replied, with confusion. "My dear sir, I have heard of cases oi women who havo shown themselves little short of the devils while they were single, ami who, after n few years of worried life " " Hang the cases yoa havo known," Mr Withers interrupted him ; we are speaking of your sister's case. Can you pledge me your word as a mnn of honor that there is no foundation for tho base insinuations con tained in this letter ?" Tobias was visibly moved, and applied hta pocket-handkercliief to his eyes. "Sir," said ho, "I lovo my sister, but my first principle has nhvnyu been tiuth before all the world. This is a secret be tween us that must never been violated," Ho offered his hand, tho other grasped it. " Sir, I cannot pledge you my word in the way you ask." Poor Mr Withers left his last glass of port untostcd, nnd n few minutes afterwards Tobias peeping from the window, had tho satisfaction oi seeing himdriveofT in Iris dog cart, looking intensely miserable, but grimly determined. Next day iris sister did not appear at tho dinner-table. Sho had received a letter, her maid said, mid was taken so alarmingly iU soon afterwards, (hat the doctor had to bo sent for. CHAPTER H. Six months have elapsed sinoo succcs crowned Tobias Mcaglcs' diabolical con trivance to ruin hissii«tcr'a matrimonial prospects. What were the conteuts of the letter Priscilla had received the day follow ing Mr William Withers' intorview with the nrch-traitoi, will never bo known.. The fanner never again appeared at Slianklin, atirl Miss Mcaglcs stayed there hut a short time longer. It was evident that the cruel disappointment she had hccu subjected to had seriously affected her naturally robust constitution. Streaks of grey were visiblo iu her golden hair, her figure failed in its almost military uprightucsa ; in six months she looked as many years older. She quitted Slianklin, and went to livo at Vcntuor, and as she occupied only apart ments thuru she could net accommodate Tobias, whoso protracted, though vain search fonwitablceinployinout, compelled hiui to re main dependent on her Ijounty. She had no quarrel with trim, and gave him not the least reason for supjiosing that she suspected him of having a hand in crushing her virgin hopes. But in this ho was mistakcu 1 She knew nil about it. That nn enemy, and probably a not entirely dislntcriuicd one, Imd worked her such a foul wrong she could have no doubt, and in casting about her to discover who it might be, it was no more than natural that her brother Tuition came into the question. She ascertained that on tho day More she received thu fatal epistle from tho farmer, tho latter and Toby had been seen in company, in tho coffee- room at tho White Bear, It was Mrs Bnllamy, tho chai woman, who fished up this item of information, and the same trust worthy woman.inaligatedlliurclo, ni course, by Miss Moaglca, pursuing hor inquiries hi tho samo direction, presently brought to PrUciila, neatly collected in an envelope, ovcryatomoftho nnouymous letter. Toby, in his scorn for the rascally writur had torn up, and threw into the fireplace. It would have Mm bad for Tobias, bud he come within the spinHtor's reacb when she had patched the naper together, and read what wnu written. Would it have been hud ? On second thoughts 1 am not so sure that ib would. It would havo been painful at thu lima, no douht; but if it would iinvo saved him from the cruoller fate— hub of that iu its proper place. That I'riwcilla wus aide to treat her brother with passable civility spoko volumes for hor self- control, aa well as for her confidence iu thu all- suflicieucy of thu rovongo she meditated. Tobias did not see hor very frequently now, but when he did ho nulfcrvd no com- pmictionn of conscience for tha villainy of which ho imd hocu guilty. .He saw how chnogcil sho was, it is true, aud how ill she looked; but what hypocrisy it would have been for him to pretend to be lad or sorry on tiiat account? Jiofult more satisfied than ever that thu step ho had taken was a prudent one. .She couldn't last much longer, pining away at this rate, and then— 1 Tho liinty-hcar'.ud scoimdro! actually cut a cajier. " There's one tiring you may lay u wager on," said Tobias, with a knowing wiuk, "1 won't fool away her money, asl did my own I " But hu did not, even In Iris most sanguine moments, reckon on his sister's removal from earthly cares in so short a timo as huppcncd. It was a terribly painful affair, and tho wholo of Vuutnor did littlo else, hut talk about it for a week afterwards. Miss Mmgles was accidentally drowned at soa. Eho did not go voyaghigln a steamer, yacht, or smalt boat even. Mho must havo walked, or at any rato waded, to a watery crave. As ulrcndy mentioned, sho was a strung-minded woman, and despised many of the squeamish restrictions that prevent the guiltier sex enjoying itself in its own way. Shu delighted in sea batlriug, hut dalcsted bathiiig-maclriues, and sho hud discovered a delightfully lonely littlo spot, a inilo nearly from towa, with a sheltering rock in which the waves bad scoojHd a tiny cave, as though fur tho very purpose of containing a bather's attire, aud hero, furnished with a hatlriuc- dress of decorous demcnsioiis, at early morn sho disported, frco as a nos-nymph, returning homo with an improved appctito lor breakfast. But ono morning Miss Mcaglcs did not return. It was not until tho tide had risen and sub sided again that her clothes alio had set out from homo in, wero discovered in tho littlo cave in tho rook, and thoro could bo no doubt —the sea being rather rough at thotlma— that sho had been uvur venturesome, and tho waves had carried huraway. Her poor brother Tobias was liko a mnn bcaida himsolf, and it was pot until tho lapso of a ffttnlght, and whon tho fishermen aud boatmen had givon up &U; hopes of earning tho ten pouuds promised for tho recovery of tho body, that ho huenmo resigned to Ills sad loss. But ho still hud a few tours loft when tbo timo camo for reading tho into Miss Meaulo'a will, so Toby hoarded them for shedding at tho moment when tuo lawyer read out tho touching words—"! givo and boquoath all that, at the timo af my death, I am pojsoascd of, to my dear urothcr, Tobias," Ao., Ac. Bat ho was horrow-strickon, and his short, sandy , hair stood almost bolt upright on Iris bead, when ho heard as fallow—" I hereby give »nd heUMth all that is mine to dii- - poso of. nnd which consist of tho sum of two thouR.mil pounds invested In couviU, to Bridget Bullattiy, widow of John Bullatny, ship caulker, on condition that w ithin three months of my demise, she is married to my Moved brother Tobias Mcaglcs, and in de fault of their becoming so united witlim Ibe time specified, then tne said two thousand pounds shall hccome the property of tho trustees, for the time being, of tho Dogs' Home at Batlcrsea." There was . no immediate demand for Toby's reserve guard of tears. " X see it ait now," ho exclaimed, xvlrito with rage and disappointment. " She was mad! That ridiculous lovo affair with old Withers turned her brain. Sho wus out of her mi ml when she rnrvdu that will, and Iter death was no accident at all, hut an act of suicide while in n state of insanity." But the old lawyer shook his head. "You inny take my word for it, my dear sir," said lie, " that your sister was as sano as you arc at the present moment when she made her will, and, if necessary, 1 am (ire- pared to provo that she remained so until a week of hor death at all events." "But whois Bridget Btillamy.widowof John Bullumy, ship caulker," cried Tobias, dis- ti.ictcdly. "X never saw her— never heard of her, nor did my sister, 1 believe— another evidence of her being of deranged intel lect. " "Oh, yes, sir, you have scon her often onoiiuh," remarked tho iato Mis-s Mcagles' maid, with a giggle, "Thu charwoman Iliac came to help sometimes when wo lived at .Slianklin. Don't you remomher her, sir ? Thu woman whom missus discharged for getting tipsy, and fighting tho coalhcuvur." For several moment Tobias could do no uioru than state from ono to another. "That licry-faced gorgon I" ho presently ejaculated. "Know hor 1 Ha ! ha I Sho is quite a public character nt Cowcs. I havo seen two policemen hauling her to tho sta tion-house, nnd both of them with their faces scratched. So 1 mn to mat-ry her to cnnhlu her to enjoy the money that should he mine, nnd which she is no mora entitled to than uny African Hottentot. Why, my precious sister must iiavc thought mo as rnad as she herself was. No I no ! If thono aro tho torms, let the money go to thu dogs, and ho hanged tu Nor did ho feel disposed to niter his mind, when n few days afterwards, Mrs Bullnmy, having been anpriscd of her good fortune, paid him a visit. Sho crime dressed in all her best, with a view, no doubt, of making a favorable impression. With a pliimo of scarlet ostrich leathers in her hat, sho looked as tall as u Life Guardsman, and her gown was of a lively green, nnd her shawl a bril liant yellow, fringed with blue. If it had been raining rum. and she had corno through it without mi umbrella, sho could not huvo smelt imieh stronger of that spirit, as she affably introduced Herself to Mr Mcaglcs, at iris private lodgings. His demeanor towards her was frigidly polite, hut before hu had uttered ten words In that strain kIic interrupted him with a loud laugh, at the same time dealing Iritn n jocktriar back-hamlcr on the chest time nearly took his breath away. " Lord, now, don't begin any lovo- innking rubbish," she cxcluimcd, "Let's talk sensible. Wu arc a irico pair of images to go to church together, nut if 1 don't niiiid, I don't see as you should. We shall go well enough in harness together, I'll he hound when wo aro broke in mutual to each others ways. But though tho money is to be mine, mind you— always inine— for my own sake it is not likely that I'll Keep you any oilier than respectable." With a groan poor Tobias covered his face with hand, and sank into a chair. "Don't you /eel well?" asked Mrs Bullainy solicitoiuriy, " try a littlo rum, 1'vu got a drop in my pocket." " No, thank you, 1—1 fee! somewhat overpowered that's all. I will let you know my decision, my dear madam, by letter." Mrs Bullatny, bridling up, looked fully three inches taller. "Your decision, ch?"sho exclaimed shrilly. "What d'ye think I'm coming begging for t D'ye think I'd take a make-shift innlf like you arc, instead of a man, if it wasn't for thu lump o' money you help mo to ? Miml you, 1 m not sura now thai I'll take rou with tlio money. Very likely I'd bo luttoroif at tho wash-tub, poor as I am;" uml she flounced out of tho houso without ! another word. " 1 would sooner Hwccp astreotcrosslng," moaned Tobias, who uncovered Iris eyes now that Mm Bullumy was gone. " Good Lord, what a termagant 1 I'd uooncr go into tho workhouso !" But it is very well to talk. Toby had now absolutely no mcutiB of maintenance, and, nt tho end of n fortnieht ho wan bv hard up thnt, iu sheer desperation, ho began to rcllect, whether it would ho possihio for him to etiduro existenca with thu widow ? With a wife possessed of a couplo of thousand pounds ho would ho ail riuht for hoard and lodging, at nil uvcntH, and n decent coat to his hack. And then thcicwas tho possibility— a very Laru one— but such ihiiigH had been, of his Mug able to tame her. So he scruwcd up lri.4 courage, and went to Cowcs, prepared to capitulate. But, mifortuiiAtely, .Mrs Bullatny was not iu a statu to listen to a tender avowal. Stio had been inebriated over night, nnd fined five shillings by tho magistrates, and was in a navago temper in confleqitimec. No souner did situ set eyes nu Tobias, who had spruend himself up, and wore flower in his buttonhole, than with out, waiting to hear what ho might havo to any, sho began to ahtiso him. What did hu mean, a shabby vagabond, by keeping her out of her money? Why didn't hu como up to tho serateh liko a man, and an thn law hado iiiin, nnil innku hor his lawful wifu? And shu mndo such threatening demonstra tions, that poor Mr Menglcs fairly bolted out nf tho alley where Mrs Bullnmy lived. His impccuniusity increasing, ho wrulo to her. Timo was flying; ho reminded her that unless some arrnngumunt was eomu lo heforo thu expiration of thrco moiitha, tho money would ho lost. Would alio agree to marry him, nnd givo him a quarter of tho twu thousand pounds, and let- him go his way, while sho went iters? But Mrs Btiilniny's tnco sense of pro priety was outraged by such a scandalous proposal. Sho did not writo bock. Shu paid him a visit, fu company with hor brother, a raw-boned Irishman, who worked on tho railway. Tobias luckily saw thorn coming, and lieggcd Iris landlady not to opou tbo door, on which they kicked up a row outsido, and collected a mob, and broke several windows before thoy took tlioir dupnrturc. it wanted hut a week of Urn stipulated time, aud Tobias Mcaglcs was indeed a miser- ablu wretch. Ho was now titlorlv destitute. Ills coat was thrcadlmro, Iris ucota worn down at heel, ho had been wanted from Iris lodgings, ho had not broken his fast that day. Tlio only way to mom! mattoru was to tako widow Hullamy, shrieking shrew ns sho was, and paurivnly submit to tho shackles that made hor bond slave. His very soul rovoltcdagaiiistauchaii alternative. Bcatmako nil end of It I Timo and plnco wero favor- ablu to his purpose. Ho stood on Hydo pier, it was dark— tlio lido was in. One plungo ? And tlio desjicrnto man was on tho point of making it, when an arresting hand wus laid on Iris shoiitdor. It was dimly mooiriielit, uml Iris hulf-uttcred exclamation of Impatience changed to n yell of horror ns lio recognised— tlio ghost of Iris sister I'riseilla ! "No you won't, HI know It!" oxctaimcd anything hut a ghostly voico, nnd tho hand of llcnh nnd lovo still grnspod his collar, " a nlco fellow you nro to toko your own Ufo. It Isn't cold water you aro plunging into, remember. It is fire and brimstone." And alio ted Irim speechless and aghast olT tho pier. Yes, it was his sister Priscilla. and sho had not committed suicide. That morn ing, whon for tlio last timo she wont bathing, sho carried with her a suit of man's attlro, In which sho calmly drosBod herself and walked off. What her sclieino of revenge was tho reader 1ms, of courso, discovered. Tnhlas had basely de prived her of a husband, and she designed, oven ot a aacrlfico of two thousand pounds, to pay liitn off, by providing him with u wife that would provo his lwno and torment. It was uo fault of Priscllla's that her precious plot miscarried. " But I havo not done with you yet," said Priscilla stonily, when alio had seen bun housed, nnd othurwiso comforted. I drovo you to the brink of sclf-dcstruotiou, and I rescued you. So far wo nro quits. Now, all you down, and wrlto tho letter I shall dictate to Mr William Withors, farmer, Kowport." And, abject and profoundly usnltcnt, Tobias wrote thu letter, tho outfotno of which won that Priscilla and Mr Withori \- wero married after all, and on their wedding day, provided with means, Tobias sailed lor Auslralm. 