SYDNEY TOPICS. SYDNEY", ApntL 27. Federation is very much in evidence at the I moment. Some lively skirmishing between I its opponents and supporters has resulted in I » tone and lucid speech on the subject de n long mm . jivcred by Mr. Edmund Barton, in the Aquarium-hall, Manly, on Friday evening, Jinny visitors from Sydney and a remark ably large number of ladies were present. Sir Henry Parkcs, Lady Parkes, Mr. M'Millan j " ^ fPostmaster Siruemj . (Treasurer), Mr. D. O'Coimor (Postmaster General), and Messrs. Copeland, Cnllen, Barbour, Gnrvnn, Ewing, Waddell, and! Dowel (M.L.A.'s) were on the platform. Mr. J Barton's purpose was to answer Mr. G. H. Beid, who came out with a strong but not | altogether consistent speech against the work J of the Convention as soon as that body had closed its work. Mr. Barton bestowed some strokes on Sir John Bobertson, who has an intense dislike to federation, and becomes rampant whenever the subject is named. The address was well timed and in good style. Mr. Barton, who is a very effective public speaker, with a pleasing manner,' ' t l,;,.,.* »nflv»ieiifc fulness ! C lied his subject with sufficient fulness " - ■ -- give those who heard him, as ai d vigour to give those, wno nrara mm, as well as those who may read the reports m the morning papers, a clear understanding of the ts involved. Mr Beid, of course, does Ot like the hits that he received for his pre dnitate utterance, and lie intimates that he ,'||l „ive Mr. Burton lus attention soon. It is better to have federation treated as a live subject than not to have it referred to at all. The present speech-making, and especially the activity of the opponents of federation, is a sign that the question possesses vitality, and that the people are interested. . The report of the official inquiry into the causes of the recent torpedo disaster at Middle Head does not throw much new light on the subject. The wires of the cables, as has been known all along, overlapped, and proper precautions not having been taken to discover where the respective cables led to, the wrong charge was exploded. The inquirygoes to show that the men in the cutter were lamentably careless in the exerciscof their duties. Colonel Spalding, the commander of the military forces, in a minute to the Colonial Secretary, 6aysHad the repeated directions and cautions so carefully given by Colonel de \Volski,B.E., been obeyed, as might reason ably have been expected from the high quali (ication of the officers and non-commissioned officers responsible, the disaster would not have occurred." The gravity of this statement is heightened when it is found that" the men in the boat were cool and col lected. and thoroughly imbued with the re sponsible but not necessarily dangerous nature of their duties." At the time of the disaster, it was insidiously pointed out that the accident occurred " after lunch." It is gratifying to find that the men in the boat were strictly sober. This being so, why did they dis >hcy the positive and pree're instruc tions of their superior officer? This is de cidedly the most important point raised by the inquiry. Are our subordinate officers nnd men in the habit of disobeying their orders when conducting military operations which are not entirely free from danger. If not, why was there an exception to the rule in the Middle Head case? It is to lie hoped that further and searching inquiry will be made in this matter. The residents of Sydney and its suburbs are patient and long-suffering. Our defective means of travelling to and from the city affords frequent opportunity for lamentation. But beyond an occasional letter to the papers nothing is done. A remedy is occasionally suggested, but it is never carried into effect. The latest complaint in this direction comes from the thickly- populated district of North Shore. The service of ferry-boats for foot passengers is not excelled in any part of the world. On the other hand, the horse-ferry ceases to plv at such an early hour in the evening that carriage folk can make no use of their vehicles for attending the theatres, halls, or any other evening function. Never theless, a petition is to be sent to the North Shore Ferry Company praying for a second horse-ferry, this time between Dawes's and Blue's Points. What is wanted, however, is not so much a eecond ferry for vehicles as that the one now existing should lie available, like the penny passenger boats, until mid night. The great use of the liorse-ferry at present is for goods carts and ladies who make afternoon calls. Excepting for the latter purpose it is practically useless to the private residents of St. Leonards, and that future Premier's looms in the very far Justice is proverbially blind. But that is no reason why the law should lie so constantly .mi.r11 a ev"ded as is the case here. The publicans openly threaten to close their K:IBiHneiilt8,a^in8t the Sunday sale of fnrt iJ'i P ie that they are distinctly lorbidden to supply liquor on the Sabbath to Tlfp customer- This is pretty good, will n.? ^ ,h°Pc' course, that they tin.rti!!!!L(?Ui8ca v to Be passed permit Tiip.v. n open during certain hours. thiR ^If man,y ftT?u,1)ents 011 both sides of odd in?, o!1' !JUt m, the meantime it seems the lmrnf j should he disregarded in onfi w!m '<M mQUn,e.r «t at present iB. Any served in n 0W8i , way alx>ut" can get hut nt ni! hotels, not only on Sunday, durine fni hoUur of>e or morning law hn another respect the the custom ^ <iaffrantly evaded. It has been n"" A°_m throughout the past summer for promoters of amusements to give concerts ui tue afternoon and eVening 011 Sunday. Accord ing to a recent decision in the law courts, this concert-giving, for money, on a Sunday ib strictly unlawful without a special permit for each occasion from the Colonial Secretary. Murk 1m... o * Mark how h,» Jr We Lolomal Secretary, take uinnn .°*»pe-. The concerts — uouape. me concerts take place on ferry boats, which make a trip round the barliour. No charge is made for the concert, but a substantial sum is_.de mauded for • ■■ ■ wnnded fm. ii „ "■ "uusrannai sum is dc time lS„on^e ®xcnwion in the boat This jn Honoured device takes us hack to the uevice takes us back to the old dayB of the patent theatres in London, ivlnch had the sole right of performing stage plays. The managers of the other houses ac cordingly charged for admission to a concert, mid gave the play gratis. The Sydney llarbour concerts are allowed to pass, and bundayt in the neighbourhood of Circular y,ua)'i is rendered objectionable by .the blaring of trumpets, by coloured fires, oitd by the hooting and yelling of the touts for the various conceit- giving steamers. The cool weather win ' pUj a stop to these Ks-raESf summer. ulWay hatl)our concerts next fiieatrioaieventel?^ of recent Saturday of" ThArJ? "J6 Production on Majeafy^ TheattS Brothers" at flier ^8 done'ST'*!• Georgelignold, who ttwaagerial during his \- °areer 10 Sydney, cannot, un fortunately, be congratulated on the result of his latest venture. Dion Boucicault's Skilful adaptation of the romantic story invented by the elder Dumas has successfully held the stage during the last 40 years. It has given such eminent managers as Charles Kean and Henry Irving opportunity for increasing their fame. It is not likely that Mr. Itignold'B revival will win him much glory. Mr. Rignold has made the mistake of attempting to improve on his predecessors. He has not been content with the old way of treating the ghost and the various visions. He has in troduced a large reflecting gloss, which, on Saturday, involved the spectators in hopeless confusion. The first act passed off exceed ingly well. The ghost came up the trap as of old and glided across the stage, and the vision which concludes the act was fairly well done. Early in the second act, however, things commenced to go wrong. The masked dancers made such a noise that the actors were inaudible. The story was lost, and the second act terminated in so con fused a manner that its meaning was, to put the case mildly, very vague. The curtain fell with scarcely a band of applause. The able acting of Mr. Rignold and Mr. H. 11. Jewett partially redeemed the failure, but again came that unfortunate glass and con sequent confusion to the spectator. Whether Mr. Rignold will be successful in turning a failure like this into a success remains to he seen. Prompt action and the substitution of the old-fashioned, but effective, illusions may possibly tend to this end. Another inci dent m connection with this performance re mains to he stated. The large theatre was well filled in nil parts by an audience easily disposed to be pleased. . The gallery was par ticularly crowded. In the second act, when the noise behind the scenes had prevented Chateau Renaud from being heard, there was, as was natural under the circumstances, a very slight disturbance in the gallery, where upon Mr. Rignold, losinghis'temper, shouted out at the top of his voice, " Silence, you beasts; silence." Thereupon the "beasts" were silent, very silent. They did not take the trouble to hiss. They adopted the Ameri can (and an effective) mode of betraying no sign either of approbation or disapprobation. 