What came of Disobedience to Orders. There has never been a more striking example of the importance of obedience to duty than was shown by the fate of the Tonquin. She was a trim but well- appointed little ship of two hundred and ninety tons, which sailed from New York on a trading voyage to the north-west coast of America. She carried a number of colonists, who were to be landed at the Columbia River. But from there the Bhip WHS to cruise along the coast after furs and sealskins. They were to be purchased by barter with the savage tribes of that yet uncivilized region. In order to be prepared for attacks from pirates or privateers, but especially against the possible attacks of the Indians, the Tonquin was abundantly provided with a battery of cannon and an ample store of small arms and ammunition, the latter stored in a magazine between decks. In addition to these precautions (so many attacks had been made on our ships, and the treachery and cruelty of the Indians were now so well known) the owners of the ship gave Captain Thorn the most strict instructions ing regard te dealing with the Indians, and to be especinlly careful not to admit many on board at one time, nor armed. The event proved how important were thc3e orders. After a long and somewhat adventurous voyage the " Tonquin" reached the Columbia River, and after landing the colonists took an interpreter on board, who could speak several Indian dialects, and Bailed for the North. A fair wind took them in a few days to Newatee, a harbor of Vancouver's Is- land. The Indians of that part of the coast were especially noted for their treacherous nature, but Captain Thorn insisted upon anchoring there in spite of the remonstrance of the Indian interpreter who well |knew the dangers that threatened. Scarcely had the ship come to an anchor when the canoes began to swarm around her laden with otter skins. Mr. McKay, the mate, also imprudently left the Bhip and with a boat's ctew went to the village of Wilcananish, the chief, where he re mained until morning. It is true that six of the natives were retained on the ship as hostages ; but still it was imprudent for him to go even although he was hospitably received and given a comfortable bed of sealskins in the wigwam of the chief, for the hostages might have leaped overboard and swam ashore. , Trade with the natives did not open until the following morning, when two sons of Wicananish came off to the ship accompanied by a crowd of Indians bringing bealskins. Everybody seemed to start fair, for it was sealskins Captain Thorn wanted to buy while he had exactly the articles for which the Indians were willing to trade. Without waiting for the return of Mr. McKay or heeding the instructions of the ship owners, Captain Thorn allowed all the natives on board, and the deck was soon spread with Bkius and beads, blankets, knives, fish-hooks, and the like. A promising trade seemed about to be started. But by long dealing with trading ships the Indians had grown cunning, and demanded exorbitant prices for their goods, far beyond what had been expected of them. They showed a keen, persistent knack at driving sharp bargains, greatly to the annoyance of Captain Thorn, who, although a good seaman, was anything but a trader. He was blunt and straightforward, and when he made an offer considered it final. He had no patience, and thought dickering after a price had been named little less than cheat- ing. The Indians, on the other hand, could not understand his simple methods, and de manded twice or thrice what they, perhaps, expected to get. I^he business now seemed about to fall through, for Captain Thorn, with his hands in his pockets, turned away in disgust, and with ill-concealed scorn, proceeded to pace the quarter- deck indifferent to the clamour of the Indians. Among them and a leader in the trading was an old chief named Nonkamis. When he saw the turn affairs were taking he insolently followed the captain, holding out a sealskin, badgering him for his meanness, as he called it, and banteringly calling on him to make an offer for the skin. Sud- denly Captain Thorn turned on Nookamis, snatched the sealskin, and rubbed it on the face of the Indian, at the same time ordering him with an oath and a kick to leave the ship. He then kicked the pile of furs about the deck and declared the market closed. The natives immediately betook themselves to the shore as fast as ever paddles-and canoes could carry them, burning with -rage and swearing a bloody revenge. 1 The interpreter could do nothing with the captain ; but when Mr. McKay returned he be- sought him to persuade Captain Thorn to get up the anchor and make Bail at once, for he well knew some dreadful plot would be devised against them. The mate, who knew something of the Indian character, agreed with the interpreter, but Captain Thorn pointed to his cannon, and only replied with sneers and sharp words, Baying he was quite able to resist any attacks of naked, half-armed savages ; and he went to bed that night in the same incre- dibly reckless mood without taking any precautions against surprise. When the master of the ship showed such mani- fest disobedience to the orders of his Bhip owners it was not surprising that the other officers should be- come equally neglectful. The following morning while it was yet dawn, and while Captain Thorn and Mr. McKay i were still fast asleep, a canoe came off to the ship with twenty BavageB headed by Shenish, a son of WicananiBh. They were apparently unarmed] but their cheerful faces, after the fury of the day before and the earlinesB of the hour, were very sus- picious. But they expressed a wish to trade, and the officers of the deck foolishly allowed them to come on board. In a few momenta another canoe arrived and then several others; as their crews were also unarmed they were likewise permitted to »Dter the Bhip. By that time the deck was swarm- ing with Indians, and the second mate coming to his senses became thoroughly alarmed and hastened to summon Captain Thorn and the mate on deck. In the meantime other canoes were coming off. The Indian interpreter noticed that most of the Bavages wore short mantles and advised the cap- tain to clear the ship and get under weigh, as they probably carried concealed weapons. Even then 'Captain Thorn failed to suspect any danger. At length, however, he began to take the alarm, and I gave orders to the crew to loose the sails and weigh I anchor. j It seems almost incredible that when the Indians now offered to trade on the captain's own terms he should have been again thrown off his guard and entered briskly into trading notwithstanding that the Indians showed great eagerness to buy knives in preference to beads and blankets. As fast as they got knives they dispersed themselves over the ship. The vessel being at last ready to swing loose from her anchorage, Captain Thorn ordered the savages in thunder tones to take to their canoes. At the same instant the preconcerted war whoop rang from the throats of a hundred of these demons in human shape, and with one accord they tossed their knives and clnbs in the air and fell on the victims. Shenish flew at Captain .Thorn, who drew' a clasp-knife and smote the chief to the heart. .' But the odds were against him, for although power- fully built, what could he do against the troop of" yelling warriors who assailed him overthe dead body of their chief? Pierced with a score of wounds and covered with bIcod,he fellover the wheel 5 ablow from a war club dealt from behind broke in his skull and he waB thrown overboard. Mr. McKay was felled with a club, tossed into the water and küled by the women in the canoes. Eesistance WOR useless. Every man on deck was slain. Mr. Lewis, the supercargo, was leaning over the companion way when he received a Btab in the back and fell into the cabin where he lay mortally wounded. There remained the seven men aloft loosing the sails. Smitten with horror they could see the fate that awaited them, and yet their only hope lay in slipping down the halyards and trying to hide between the decks. One-fell and was immedistely slain ; two others were mortally wounded on reach- ing the deok. By extraordinary nimbleness the remaining four sailors succeeded in gaining the cabin which was below the deck and barricaded the door, through which they then pierced holes and opened a fire through those and the skylight which cleared the ship of tho savages. They then pro- ceeded to train the cannon on the canoes, and forced them to retire. The ship lay there the rest of the day unmolested hy the Indians, who dreaded the firearms. At night Lewis urged the four surviving companions to make sail and pnt to sea. But they refused as the wind was contrary and they were too few to work her ont ,¡ of the bay in case the savages should ehoose to come in pursuit. They preferred, instead, to get into the boat and attempt to run down the coast which they thought might be done unobserved. He refused to go with them, his wound was mortal ; he knew he could not survive ; he had had a presenti- ment from the first day of the voyage that he should never see home again > he would die in the Bhip, and, perhaps, go down with it. He bad a terrible design in his mind. When the day, broke the "Tonquin" was afcil lying there, her sails hanging loose, but there was no appearance of life about her. Gradually the Indians ventured to approach, Thoy took the inter- preter with them, who as an -Indian had been spared and carried ashore. At last one man, one solitary man appeared on deck. It was Lewis ; he was pale and weak, and could but just stagger to the bulwarks, and with friendly , signs urged them to come on board. Having so done he dis- appeared, apparently returning to the cabin. Bnt the savages, treacherous 'themselves suspected .treachery in turn. Hours went by. At last a single canoe paddled alongside, and its occupants cautiously climbed on deck. No one was to be seen on that lonely, charnel ship, where the corpses lay in blood. Other canoes followed and soon the decks were thronged with Indians, eager and hungering for plunder ¡ not often did they soize so fair a prize. There was material there to enrich a continent of savages. Without the slightest warning, the deck anoV spars were lifted into the air with an appalling ex- plosion that hurled the mangled bodies, the arms, legs and heads of scores far over the sea. The Bhip had ceased to exist, but pieceB of the wreck, and dead dying savages strewed the surface of the bay. The interpreter, from whom these particulars were obtained, escaped unhurt and swam ashofë. Sir score Indians were slain outright, and many more were maimed for life. Lewis had his revenge ! The entire tribe were stupefied by a catastrophe which exceeded anything in their traditions. Bnt their mourning and shrill lamentations were sud- denly turned into fiendish exultation when they saw the four survivors of the ill- fated crew of the "Tonqnin" led bound into the village of Newatee. These unfortunate men who might far better have followed the advice of Lewis, found the wind and waves so boisterous after leaving the ship that they* were unable to weather a headland and were forced to seek a lee in a small cave where they hoped to remain hidden until a shift of the wind. They were so exhausted that they were unable to keep awake, and, while still sunk in a profound sleep,, were discovered by the tiger-like eyes of an Indian prowling on the shore. Steathily as a cat he flew in search of assistance, and soon returned with a squad of armed companions. Creeping quietly to the boat and surrounding it, they awoke their victims with a terrific yell. The startled Bailors, I dreaming parhaps of home, sprang to their feet and | saw their doom in the ferocious glee that kindled the eyes of their merciless captors. Resistance waa useless. Their arms were tightly pinioned behind them, and they were driven to Ne*atee. With leaps of joy the warriors of the village bounded forth to welcome this group of captives, and the squats taunted them with epithets of scorn, and danced jvith delight at the prospect of the festival of blood now promised on the morrow. Some were for slaughtering them at once. Bnt others, and they were in the large majority, ob- jected. The calamity which had befallen their tribe was not to be so easily atoned, the hour .£ triumph wes not to be so soon dismissed. The victims should first have a good night's sleep in the grand lodge of the village and be well fed on maize and seal meat that they might b» strong to endure torture and find life the harder to leave. While they were there the interpreter visited the doomed captives, and learned from them what had happened after the savages had been driven from the ship. Early on the morrow the whole village was awake and stirring. No such glorious spectacle had been seen there for years. Four white men were to die that day amid every torment that human deviltry could invent in order to avenge the dead and make an Indian holiday with their agonies and shrieks of pain. We need not go into all the horrible details. Iii was no purpose of the savages to permit their victims to die soon. Bound to stakes they suffered incredible torments from morning until noon and from noontime until with the setting sun the last suffering martyr gave up the ghost ! Such was the fate of the "Tonquin" and hep crew, such was the result of her captain's deliberate disobedience of orders. i A great unexplored cave was recently found near Clwion, Pa., which emits a sort of blue fog, chill as from a powerful refrigerator. A pail of water suspended at a depth of ten feet was drawn up after four hours and found to be almost a solid cake of ice. As far as known, no living animal could remain in the opening for more than a few minutes. At the famous charge of the Light Brigade at Balaklava, immortalised by Tennyson, Lord Cardi- gan took 673 men into action, and last in killed and wounded 247 men, or 36 and a fraction per cent. ; but in one engagement in the American civil war Hawkins' Zouaves (Ninth New York) loBt67 per cent., or nearly double that of the Light Brigade. The expedition sent out by the Vienna Academy of Science to explore the Mediterranean found its greatest depth to be something over 2£ miles, between Molla and Cerigo. Beet sugar is rapidly outstripping cane sugar in the markets of the world. The estimated crop for this year of each is : Cane, 2,340,000 tons j beet, . 3,600,000 toni. 