Sl'OItTING NOTES FROM YICTOItlA. THE V.It.C. SUMMER MEETING Mp. Dakin's Flattoriug Handicap. THE Y.A.T.C. AGAIN TO TUB POKE. A. Tvro-Mllo Uandioap at Caulflold. The Ilentone Hauulcap. (Br 'AjAr.') ? ^ MELuoonNE, Monday. So far vory littlo interest has boon taken, in tho V.R.C. Standish aud Bagot Handicaps, tho two loading ovonts to bo run nt tho Now Year's Day meetings. Doublo ovont books havo boon openod on all sidoa, tbo pricoa ranging from 100 to 1 to 250 to 1, but the motallioiaus aro not overwhelmed with busi ness. Thcro is ono patent fuot, howovor, and that is that tho publio regard Chintz as a good thing for tho Dagot, for all tho doubles ond up with this maro. She is cortainly woll tra ited with 7st 121b, for it must be remembered that she had tho samo woiifht whon sho run third to Portsoa mid Sir William in tho V.B.O. Handicap, tho distance of which is a furlong further than is tho Bagot. Chintz, had very bad luck in the ovent roforred to, for she was interfered with at tho turn and was knocked back, loaiug at loast n, dozon lengths. Hot- obanco thon 8oomod hopeless, but aho camo again with a lato run and would have won had tho distance been 100yds furthor. For tho purposes of handicapping, she practically won this raco, and whilo Portsoa has been raised Sib, Chintz romains. ou tho same mark. It must not bo overlooked, howover. that Mr. Dakin has turuod out au extremely flattering baudicap, as he only commenced with 0st21b. Beiiulos tho stablo that Chintz is in (J. Wilson's at Quoonscliff), ia not ouo likely to brook any interference in tho betting market. If tho people behind Chintz cannot got tho cream of tbe market, backers of tho maro will not havo much roason for congratu lation. Tho scratching pen has been used boforo to-day in a caso of forestalling. Tho stablo have Magio Circle and Swing in the race as well, and all things considered it would be wise perhaps to leavo Chintz aoveroly alono until tho post is reached. Backers have not been able to fix upon any particular horse aa aticking out as a good thing in tho Standish Handicap, though tho Chester maro, Courteous, is a great fancy. Courteous is not ovorweightod with 7st Sib, bntshoiaa fretful animal, and may not run in her bost form in a big field. Town Talk, in O'Loughlan's stable, is also fanciod. This brother of My Lord is a real gontlomau to look at, but ho may not ho quite ready by Now Year's Day. If well ho will take a doal of boating, aud is bound to oarry a lot of S.vdnjy money. ' The Boxing Day meotingat Caulfiold, under thoauspiec03 of tho V.A.T.C, ought to be a real good one, as splondid outries have boon recoived. The woighta wore isnuod to-day, and Mr. Barnard, the vetoran haudicappor, baa net backers a nice littlo task to find tho various winuora. Tho leading handicap ia the Hopotoun Cup, for which Tirailleur is top weight with Ost 31b. Clonard with 8st81b and Tarcoola with 8st 71b road well, and I also liko Eruuni 8st 31b, Tantallon Sst 21b, Pro pounder 8st lib, Sainfoin 7st 101b, Tiraillerie 7st 51b, Norbert 7at 41b, and Dramatist Gst 13lb. The winnor will perhaps bo Clonard or Tarcoola, with Ti'raillorio next bost: In the Hurdlo Raco I liko best tho chauco* of Sun downer and Duval, in the Steeplechase Shanks aud Elton, and in tho Alolvom Handicap Wild Rose and Renata. The Viotoria Amateur Turf Club is just now showing any amount of go. Last weok I told you about the decision to raise tho steeplechase jumps, and now tho club has decided to tako a step in tbo right direction by instituting a two-mile handicap race, whioh will bo run at Caulfiold at the March Meeting, and will bo tho V.A.T.C. equivalent for the V.R.C. Australian Cup. Tho stake ia to bo jfioOO. Thero are a good many trainers, aud possibly a larger uuinbor of bookmakers, who will regard tho innovation with no friendly oye. Four or fivo fnrlong sprints aro more iu tboir lino, bnt to all truo sportsmen tho decision of tlio V.A.T.C Committee will give satisfaction. As a medium of gambling a fivo furlong race is no doubt admirablo, and a trainer with a bad horso haa a chance of scoring if hia nag Happens loguc wen away at cuo suirc, DUt≠ whole object of racehorao breeding is not to get animals with Bpeod only ; wo want stamina as woll as spoed, and such races as that pro posed by the V.A.T.C. should cortainly bo encouraged. Tho ovout may iiot bo a success right . away, but I trust that tho club will include it in their pro grammo from yoar to year, and ' educate trainers and racing pooplo gouerally up to an appreciation of something bettor than half mile flutters. . Another experiment to bo tried by tho V.A.T.C is a divided, or classified, handicap, on tho linos of tho last- Mooneo Valley Cup. To my mind, this is a Btop tho advisability of which is opon to question. In the Mooneo Valley ovont my impression was that two poor racos wero mado to do duty for ouo good ono; but tho V.A.T.C. pooplo seem to think that tho idea is a good ono, and they intend to mako a trial of tho principle in connection with tho Ladios' Trophy to bo run at tho Juno mooting. This ovont always attracts a big fiold, as many as 41 or 42 horses starting in tho year Tho Ghost won. Mr. Donald Wallaco's maro Wilga is now at Bacchus Marsh, nnd thodaughter of Epigram will probably bo put to Carbino. Mr. T. Lamond, of Zetland Lodgo. haa sont a complimentary letter to Mr. . W. Allon, of Kirk's Bazaar, extolling him for the votori nary skill ho showed iu bringing round his horso Cardoueiis. Raoing took placo at Dandonong on Thurs day. This is ono of tho least important of tho metropolitan registered meetings, nud it threatens to bo knocked out by the unregistered pony mootings. A feature of the mooting waa tho BUooosB of tho light-weight jockey James Hayes, who rodo four wlnnors. This lad has now a long lead in the list of winning jockoys. Lord Plausible, by Slanderer— Jointress, and consequently a full brother to Abuso, won a doublo, tho Hastings Handioap (Ii furlongs) and tlio Dandenong Handicap (1 milo). Owing to an inadvertence in pre paring the conditions, no provision was mado for penalties, and Lord Plausiblo thoreforo nniv linrl in ntivw Ilia l-n.ndir-n?\ ivn-(Tlif. in +lm wttlJT 111.U ,u Ulkllj Jill iluiilitlViiV^J *VUI-,I1U 111 IjIIU second ovent. Tho Soiling Hurdlo Raco wont to Quaok (by Tho Aco), and tho Selling Flat Race, to Ludy Roaoborry. Tho Fryingpan gelding Lucius was successful in tho Gallo way raoo, and Brown BoRn, a daughter of Bras-do-For and Rags, pulled off tboLynd hurst Handicap. Thoro is florae talk of reducing tho prizes of the big oveulsatFlemingtou next season. Ouo or two mombors of tho V.R.C coinmittoe havo alwayB bton averse to tho high stal:c3. ? Uusoasonabln woathor prevailed on Satur day, and tbo Montono Mooting was brought off under ratlior unfavorable auspices, heavy rain falling nt intervals during tho afternoon. The raoing was fairly good, and backers hud a fair uliaro of luck. A poor comtuonoomont wai), howovor, mado in tho Soiling Hurdlo Raoo, Banglo and Stampedo, tho favoritos, running badly. Tho race fell to Esmoud, who was riddon by tho irropressiblo Mr. F. D. Browor./ , Tho Flying Handioap brought out a fiold of 18, with Mr. Morris Jacobs' gelding, Tho Bud (7st 31b) favorito at 3 to 1. Tho race waa run in a shower of raiii. The Bud got tho bust of tha Btart and remained in front all tho way, winning! rather easily from Red Cross, 7ot 121b, with Olivo, 7at 51b, iu third P'aoo. . Puntora camo to grief ovor tho Selling Rnco, as Julian Gray, on whom odds »{.'£ to 1 woro laid, was badly beaten by Primrose, tho winnor afterwards being sold to Mr. Morris JacobB for 150 kovb. Julian Gray has boon recently winning all tho races on hard ground and ho did not Benin to liko the toft going on Saturday at all. Primrnso also had ilu advim* tago in having light pUtos 'oh. Tho concluding ovont, tlio Mcntono Handi cap, brought out a fair fiold, with tho Now Zealand bred Alcinous, Tat 71b, most in. request, Dramatist, 7nt 41b, also being woll supported. Alciuous mado nearly all the running and won after a good set-to by a neck from Leona, who finished gamuly, whilo Dramatist filled third place. ' , 