Current Events. By J.A.H. (Loqui Veritas et timea non.) Peecadi! Peccavi! me rmserrimwi. I have been and '? gone and done it.' In ?* Current Events ' Dec. 4th was the following harmless paragraph. '? Tbe Port Pineans have a grievance and this time a reasonable one. It seems that the Head office for the Beetaloo Waterworks has been removed from Port Pirie to Crystal Brook, Considering the immense discrepancy between the inhabitants of Port Pirie and Crystal Brook this action seems unadvisable. ' Not much harm there-snrely, yet it excited the ire of the Crystal Brook correspondent of this paper, who at tacks me con-imore, asserting that the paragraph ' favored centralisation ' and saying that ' on the principle of helping the weak against the strong, J.A.H should have supported the claims of Crystal Brook.' Now I am not antagonistic to Crystal Brook ; and I give the Crystal Brook correspondent credit for standing up for his own township, but surely I, as a property hqlder in Port Pirie, may be allowed to express an opinion on a matter affecting my own pocket and convenience. It is not the having the Head Office re moved to Crystal Brook, that is objectionable ; but it is having to send the water rates there, involving trouble and expense. This however, is likely to be amended, as the Town Council of Pirie have resolved to ask the Commissioner to appoint a collector to receive the rates at Port Pirie. Crystal Brook correspondent sug gests that I had not quite recovered from an attack of influenza when I wrote ; perhaps he was ' suffering a recovery ' from some ailment, when he penned his somewhat harsh remarks on my poor modest little paragraph, h'imoorte all's well that ends well. I don't suppose we shall be the worae friends for our little passage at arms — for arms read pens — and I .hope Crystal Brook correspondent will allow me to wish him ' A Merry Christmas and a Happy New year.' I notice that a movement is on foot to ask the Government to grant free passes to Mayors on the Railways, It is not however, made clean whether this privilege is only to be claimed when on Municipal business, or on all occasions. Anvwav, 1 have loner urged that delegates from either Cor porations, or District Councils, should be allowed some facilities when travel ling, to attend their Association Meetings in Adelaide. The outlying districts especially deserve considera tion. Paterfamilias, with a large and hungry family, must now rejoice upon being able to give his family a good feed of meat at a low cost. You can now buy a good forequarter of mutton in Laura for l|d. a pound. Isn't that Good news? But Jones wants to know how long it is going to last. In connection with the Christmas holidays, we understand that the leading drapery firms in the city have decided to close their establishments on December 26 th being the Saturday following Christmas Day. This con cession will give the assistants an opportunity to spend a pleasant holiday in the country, and will be the more appreciated, as it has emanated voluntarily from the employers — Advertiser. This thoughful act of grace will Lend to foster a good feeling — to the advantage of both — between employers and employed, Will the good example be followed in other towns t Reaping is now in full swing and while the returns will be poor enough, still I don't think the wheat harvest in this locality will be as bad as once feared. The New Main Road Bill is giving anything but general satisfaction. The , Hon. J. H, Gordon says that there has 1 never been a more flagrant breach of faith by any public man in South , Australia than the Premier's action with regard to the Main Road Bill. ' Autolycus ' says that 27 votes are pledged to the Government,' and 26 ready to be cast agaiast them : and ; if the Piemier were to give an idea,, as to who the new Minister is to be, \- enough members- would! be offended to turn the tables. I notice by the Port: Pirie Advocate that their Town Clerk's salary has been raised to £225 per annum, being an increase of £25. And this officei will earn his salary considering the extent and magnitude of his work. That he is a most courteous ofiLeial the present writer can vouch. Another official who has also, received an increase is the Sanitary Inspector who is an energetic officer, not long ago he was attacked by a ccwardly anonymous scribbler — probably some one with whom he had to find fault — but the Council have now marked their satis faction with him by an increase of six pence per diem, The Port Pine . Advocate says the increase was ' fully warranted by the enlarged sphere of his duties, and the satisfactory way in which they are attended to.' It is satisfactory to notice that diligent performances of duties, sometimes meets its reward. A fatal spree. — Probably by tikis time Mr. Benjamin Watts is. beginning to realize that going on what the Germans call a *' bender ' ia not the way to enjoy life in this vale of tears. He, Lort, and Mr. Geister — which is bv the way means ghost — who had such a narrow escape of being placed in the dock beside him, seem to have got outside very nearly a dozen bottles of -bc-er, and three bottles of XXX whidky betwepn breakfast time aud tea, and must have had a rattling ' good time.' It was a regular orgie with a fatal termination, furnishing a fine text lor a temperance advocate. A great deal of sympathy was felt for Watts, who was so soaked with driuk, that he could remember nothing of j what transpired ; but Geister came in \ for a good deal of well deserved censure, and tbe judge followed up Mr.^Symon in making it hot for him — Bunyip. There is great rejoicing among the larrikins, because nature made Pater's proboscis bleed. A doctor plugged J^ater^s nose and got a fee for it. It anyone else had plugged tbe Police Magistrates nose, he would have got six months without the option of a fine- — Idem. 