CHAPTER IV. tue Hindoo’s vabn’ixg. bimrua seated hunseJf upon a chair near the door, and slowly repeated the questions and answers, each and all; which had passed between Reuben Cogswell and myself daring my strange dream, for I could explain my late experience no other v. ay. When ho had finished, I sprang to my feet in ‘ Go on,’ 1 cried. ‘ Tell me all, for there is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on me to en gage you as my servant, because you were in want, have by some infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would have kept, even from Heaven, had I the power; and now I swear that you shall never leave this room alive until you have answered every question which I shall I held in my hand a revolver, the hammer raised, and the muzzle-pointing straight at his head, but, notwithstanding my attitude and the danger which seemed to .menace him, he did not ‘Let the sahib ask the question before he shoots,’ said he, calmly. ‘ Do you know the descendant of this Reuben Cogswell?’ ‘ Who, where, and what is the person ?' 1 She is a grand-niece of the Rajah Nalimanha, and resides in his palace in Odeypore. What is she ? A true daughter of Vishnu, and I, sahib, am her slave.’ I lowered my weapon, and in a moment more he continued: ‘ Let the sahib listen,’ he said, with a dignity that impressed me, and let him take heed. Daring tho night before ho left his native place a donble crime was committed, with the com mission of which he was accused. -Being cast into prison, an unknown friend releasecLhim, and he escaped.’ I was hv this time walking back and forth in the little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carried the revol- \ ler, and in my mind many schemes arose for rid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant. - I did not interrupt him, however. ‘ You are bound for the East on a most danger ous mission,’ ho said, and your path will be beset with treachery and danger continually. When you least expect it death will stare you in the face. When apparently in tho greatest security, perils subtle and sadden will stand on cither hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier than the sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by the tiniest web the spider spins. And so long as the Rajah Nali manha lives your peril will continue, nntil it ends with your death, unless yon arc prepared to turn back from your present intentions and forsake all farther eftort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well.’ ‘ Never 1’ I cried. Again that faint smib>, like tho Hitting of a phantom, passed across his face. ‘I have not done,'ho continued, ‘for I knew before I spoke that you would not tarn back. There is, Sahib, a brighter side, for a friend—the friend who liberated yon from prison—will watch over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and the sword is about to fall yon will be sure to be warned. How cannot be told, lm< lot it not matter how the warning come3 lieod it; no mat ter how many there arc, heed them all, or yon •will die.’ ‘ Who is this friend ?’ I asked, pansingabruptly in my restless pacing to and fro; ‘ and, Simrha, who are you? Not a servant, surely 1’ ‘ Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen; you shall know all that can be told. With that you must be satisfied, for nothing more can bo revealed at present. ‘ When your enemies find that you escape them and still live, they will resort to apparent warn ing to lead you into danger; but heed them not. You will always know tho messages of your friend by the word “Nurha,” either spoken or written.’ ‘Why do you tell mo this?’ I asked." To frighten me ? U that is your reason, Simrha,you will not succeed. • No more questions can be answered, sahib. Of all that yon havo been told take heed, for the truth has been spoken. I deceived you in order to enter your service, but that was done for the purpose of this interview. You could not he spoken to until we were on the water. Now that the words are spoken, we must part. Remember, Babib, all that you have heard, and if you heed the warning we shall meet again: if not, you will fail; and, if even you had a hundred lives re given you, one after another, you would still be— Turning abruptly, ho re-opened the door, and left me, while I, seating myself once more upon the edge of the bunk, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over the strange words I had just heard. Was I, then, in such great danger constantly ? Was tho Hindoo Rsjah so powerful that his influ ence extended into foreign lands, threatening people’s lives ? Bah! The idea was preposte And yet, how had Simrha known so much of my affairs ? How was ho to know that I was in any way connected with the affairs of Reuben Cogswell? Nay, more! How had he become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which had hastened my diparture for the East, There was only one answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of the R ij ah were upon every hand, watchful, subtle—aye, and fatal too. But why had he warned me? Why had he selected me out of the chaos of Hindoo hatred to he watched over and finally saved as he had inti mated ? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers ? Was it part of tho treachery to which he referred ? or did there exist some motive of which 1 had no conception for his friendliness to wards me ? Alas! there was no answer to that! ‘ Stop!’ I exclaimed, hurriedly. ‘I will go on deck and find him, question him farther, and forco him to toll me more. Without thinking twice, X left the stateroom for tho deck, on reaching which, however, not a sign of Simrha could be seen anywhere among the passengers, although I walked back and forth, eagerly looking for him. At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would be fruitless, 1 spoke to the chief officer, and explained to him my wish to find my servant. ‘ Oil, yes,’ ho said, ‘ remember him perfectly— a strange-looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian—cb ? X thought so. He spoke to me here on deck less thaii an hour ago. Lost him —eh ? Well, he is somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.’ Calling the pnrsner to his aid, we three resumed the search, but after occupying an honr in fruitless endeavours to find him, we met again. ‘ He couldn't leave the ship very well, unless he went overboard,' said the officer, ‘ and he could not very well do that in daylight without my hear ing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and 1 will find him if 1 have to ransack the ship from stem to stern.’ WebegMi with tho steerage, every one of the passengers in that part of the vessel being com pelled to pass in review before us, We went down into the hold, where stowaways secret themselves. We looked among the stokers in the boiler-room3. In fact, not a portion' of the ship where a man conld by any possibility have secreted himself was left unexamined. ~ Simrha bad disappeared. • Theoutire ship, crew and passengers alike, be came interested in the strange and inexplicable event, and felt that he must he fouud; but as the day wore on, and still my Hindoo servant was mis sing, 1 gave him up. ‘ He must have gone overboard,’ said the chief officer to me, when the search was completed, ' for 1 am positive that lie is not aboard the ves sel now.’ And so thonght 1, and although 1 could not be lieve that he had voluntarily thrown himself into the sea, 1 concluded that in attempting to conceal himself he had somehow fallen overhoard and been | On the following day a new excitement of some kind arose, and my missing servant was forgotten, until almost night, when the chief officer, followed by tbo steward, approached me as 1 smoked my cigar on the deck. \ ‘The steward tells mo a strange s'ery,’ said the officer, ‘ and X have asked him to repeat it to yon. If, after you have heard it, yon would like to have the ship gone over again, it shall ho done, although 1 think it useless, and the steward’s story nothing but imagination.' 1 Let me hear it,’ 1 said. Ho said that half an hour before he tvas put ting away some glasses in their proper places, and bad occasion to step into a back pantry, where he kept several kinds of dainty food, <Sic., Ho opened the door suddenly, and was frightened j nearly out of Iris wits by the sight that met his j gaze. Standing at the farther end of tho.pantry, with a glass of wins at his’lips, was the figure of my Hindoo servant Simrha. The steward quickly recovered his wits, how ever, and crying, ‘Aha, 1 have caught you, have 1 ?’ sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But he had not taken the second step before he came to a sudden stop, for the East Indian was no •longer there. He had-disappeared btforo the steward’s eyes, and at the further end of a little closet-like room, from which there was absolutely no means o! escape, except by passing through the door behind the indignant steward. The man rubbed his eyes, thinking that some thing blurred his vision, but the Hindoo had van ished like the flame of a lamp when quickly snuffed The second look satisfied him that he was not ' mistaken, while on the other hand hewasasposi- ; tive that the strange man had been there when | he first entered. Thoroughly frightened, he turned and fled from the place, convinced that he had seen a ghost, and going straight to tho chief officer, ho had told the story which in turn was related to ‘ All imagination, 1 say,’ ejaculated the officer ‘ but all tin same, Sir. Merton (that was the name 1 had caused to b8 entered in the pass jnger list for mine) wo will make auotker search if you say ‘Let us go into pantry,’ 1 replied. ‘Had Simrha indeed been there engaged in drinkiog wine, there will be some evidences of his presonce there, surely.’ Wo went together to tho steward’s pantry, and thero, upon the little table at the further end wa3 a half-empty bottle of claret and a glass, both of which the steward took his oath were not there when he had gone out of the place a couple of hours before, encountering in his way what ho now thoroughly believed to be the phantom of Simrha. { ‘ Ghosts don’t drink wine and eat biscuits,’ said j the chief officer, * and here are crumbs which show that somebody has been engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Merton ?’ 1 did not know what to say, feeling as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny shapes and inex* plicable events, which somehow influenced me strangely. ‘ Let us make another search,’ said 1, after a This time it wa3 made with even more tho roughness than it had been before, tho differ ent parts of the vessel being examined simulta neously. The result, however, was the same as before, aa after two hours had been consumed in the fruit less search for the Hindoo, the chief officer sought me out again. ’ It is useless,’ he said ; ‘ the fellow is not aboard this ship—1 am certain of that.* ‘How, then, do you account for the steward's story ?’ 1 asked. ‘ Superstition and imagination,’ he replied; and he turned away to attend to his dnties. . When 1 went down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt in my mind. 1 could not shake off the feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, and caught myBelf looking earnestly into dark comers and obscure places, half expect ing to see him silently and complacently regarding mo with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness npon his swarthy face. 1 even went so far as to poll aside the curtains and peer nnder my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at me from among the life-preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice the steward reported that articles were missing from his pan try, but the chief officer charged the fact to the man’s superstitious terror, saying sententiiusly, ‘now that Clark had seen one ghost lie would be troubled with them all his life.’ We made port at Liverpool soon after daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at the earliest moiujnt when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly 1 was aroused by aloud rap on my door just as darkness was fleeing before the ad vance of tho sun. 1 arose and rubbed my eye3 preparatory to dres sing. Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where it hung on its hook against the bulkhead ? It was no fancy, but fact, and 1 seized tho frag ment of paper with trembling hands, and as X read a strange, creeping sensation tingled through my nervous system. There was aa evidence of the presence of Sim rha, for there could be no doubt that it was he who intended to act as the mysterious friend who was to give mo timely warning of any approaching danger. The note was written in the Hindustani langu age, anu was as follows: ‘ Do not stop in London. Go immediately to Dover and then across the Channel to France. When you reach Calais you will hear from Nurha I hesitated. Now was tho time for me to decide whether or not I should follow the advice thus given me, for if 1 followed it at all, it must he to do so implicitly in blind confidence and obedience. How had the note been placed in my room while I slept? Was Simrha really alive and aboard the-ship ? If so, ho must indeed bo adroit t,o successfully evade tin men who had searched for him so diligently through every part of the vessel. J It was evident that 1 could not avoid him. Why, then, attempt it ? If he wero indeed my friend, 1 jelt that my mission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not escape this strange man. ‘ I will obey 1’ 1 said aloud; and then I sprang hurriedly around, for a voice behind me had re plied almost instantly; ‘Nurha thanks you.’ ‘ Who spoke?’ 1 cried; but no one answered. A careful search satisfied me that 1 was alone. ‘1 am beset with devils—or angels,’ I mattered, ’ or else 1 am going mad.’ My toilet was completed iu tho utmost haste, and X left the ship without delay, making my way as rapidly as I could to Dover, and thence across the Channel to Calais. I Nothing occurred worth remark during the time thus employed, and I resolved to remain in the quaint old French town a few days for rest and to recover my mental equilibrium, which 1 felt was rather awry since tho night when I had completed my bargain with—-whom ? With Prime and | Harley, or with their ghosts ? Ugh! At all events, I had completed the bargain. With whom or what that bargain bad really been completed could avaii nothing now. It was done, and there was an end of it—so far ? Four days passed in this way, and 1 had decided to take my departure on the morning of the fifth. Iij 3 [To be Continued .^] 