CAPTAIN ANTOMO OAMPO BELLO. , . Stand off, you blackguards )'• shouted mv mend and cromrode, Lieutenant- Jack Bea\r ® ^1}° and I. one lovely spring after noon m 18o9, turning the cornet'of •£, street inn low quarter of Valetta-, 'cfose to" the parbour, came across ■& knot of. rascally, • iPj611 ^ovautirr<!. sailors surrounding a Vell- dressc-d gentleman, who was escorting anirLXtreRre*y pretty younglady, ..^w,alf3> though tlloy" ma7 not have understood the language of Jack's adjuration, at least had a shrewd guess as to its import. :,s the mandate was accompanied by A threatening demonstration in the afiape of an uplifted cane, the fellows abruptly slunk ? ;v,nc! rc£«ge in a tow wineshop.. fv n*y c^p&tiion; and 1 accompanied c-tS lady ^utleman to the foot of the Strada Realo, the; latter, who jtho^ ne appeared to be an Italian by Ysationnhty, spoke English with hardly a trace of a foreign accent, expressed his satis faction that we had saved him from1 further annoyance. He introduced tfS to his fair companion, stating. tfcaVshe was the daughter m PercJrai Andrews, a retired officer of the Royal riayy* who was then on a visit to his .s-oto, who held a commission in a brigade of artillery, at the time lying in Malta, Ihe pair, it was explained, had been seeing oir Percival off inn small sailing-vessel thfet was bound for Goso, and that, trying to reacn the Strada Resle, tirej? had ritissed theifway,.; ' • • At parting tire'gentleman gave us his.card, on which wis inscribed .....' Sigr.: Capitano Antonio Oampobello,' . , ■ * An,' he remarked, on : ascertaining - that out. regiment was the gallant Cumbrian Fusiliers, ' I well remember your corps in the Crimea. I served in that campaign with the Sardinian army, under General La Marmora.' We were charmed to meet an old m arms, though belonging to % diff'erdht nationality of the allied %rtny. Therefore, on. bidding adieu ibo. Vhe sifjnfir and Mis3 Andrews, weg&Ve; tihe gentleman a cordial invitataoftto dinevith us at otir mes3 irithin Flortan'Bafratks. - ■ > According to appoiritmen^'Oanttfe^yftpo oello turned up. -fife irte intlrwiced : to all the fellows of ours, and iitiiost immediately became a favourite. Besides being charmed with his society, v, • were interested beyond measure to find that he was mixed up with the great revolutionary .movement .then .in progress in Italy, and was * member of tkfii famous Camorra secret society. Also, he stated, he had lately escaped 'fVom one of those lively ■ institutions, • • a Neapolitan dungeon, whither he had been consigned by order of that most estimable monarch, Francis II., otherwise' the notorious Kins , Bomba. In the sunny native land of our tiiiw ac quaintance, ' sublime events WiSre rushing to •their birth.1 Some years before, the histori-. ical letters of Mr. Gladstone to Lord Aber deen had tired, to a white heat the - indig nation of the civilised world concerning the | barbarous treatment of the patriots immured [ within the prisons of Naples. Therefore, f witk the facts of such enormities fresh in I their minds, all lovers of freedom in the universe now watched with sympathy and interest the agitation which, at,the time or my story, was convulsing the whole of that do wn-trodden country, but which was soon to have the consummation of the establish ment of a free and happy Italia Unita. After a word of compliment to his sentiment of patriotism from Beauchamp,-- Captain Campobello proudly remarked: - ' I imagine a love of freedom -is: inborn in our family.' Although I was brought up in: Naples, I am a Corsican. by parentage. My mother was connected with the Paoli family'.' Captain Campobello was soon practically an honorary member of our mess. As i matter of course he was invited to-All our modest merry-makings, in the shape of pio nics, balls, dinners, eta. We became ac quainted with Sir Porcival Andrews,who was a jovial and geni&i; old tar. It turned out that- his cousin was a Devonshire squire—the neighbour tit Sir Harry Beauchamp, Jack's' father-. "Sir Percival's pretty daughter,feiry. was .a typical English girl, beis'g unaflected, grssious, and extremely h'ay-like in manner. >n a while it iKteime apparent to all •observers thatGiptain Campobello was sorely smitten with the young lady. Mary, how ever," gave him no encouragement ; in fact, without the semblance of a display oE »ny tmii" approaching to . rcpugnanca,. ,'ane seemr,d as anxious as possible to "ivoid the Co^sican's company. When the bluff Sir. Percival got wind of Campobello's infatuation, he took a course of. action 'that ^as sharp and decided in its char&et;^-. He possessed to the full the old fAbhioned British dislike to and suspicion of "foreigners, and took the first-opportunity of gruffly informing Captain' Antonio that he intended his daughter Mary should marry an English gentleman, and none ether, if he could help it. After hearing this paternal expression of opinion, Campobello, bowed, but looked dreadfully hurt. .Subsequently, it was noticeable that he kept aloof.from.our junketings, and though he still occasionally came about our mess, was careful' to absent himself on a 1 ladies' night.' Probably - the scorned lover did not care again to meet Miss Andrews. . : But another quickly became enamouired 'of the handsome'Mary, and that was my friend Jack Beauchamp. Jack belonged to one of the oldest country families ih England, and , was heir, to a baronetcy aild an.es'tate with a ' rent-roll of seven thousand a year. This time there was no bother or hitch. Miss . Andrews blushingly confessed to papa that it had been a case of love at first sight gith her. Mary was a somewhat ingenuous and j unconventional maidenshe hadn't moved ! much in society, and presumably was innocent of the art of dissimulation. To her parent, and indeed to her lover, she did not hesitate' to'avow 'that, she had been, literally ,j ' gone' on her dashing Jack Beauchamp from the moment that she had heard him threaten the inebriated rowdies near Yaletta harbour. Well, Jack was, of course, referred to papa, and the pleased and happy Sir Percival gave his consent subjeet to the view taken by Sir Harry Beauchamp. When applied to on the interesting subject, Sir Harry replied by the next mail, signifying his delighted Approval.! Therefore, almost directly afterwards, before Sir Percival and his daughter sailed in a P. and 0. steamer for Southampton, it was arranged that Jack should return home ' on leave, when the nuptials would be celebrated early in the spring. ' : ' . . When the preceding romantic matter was under process of negotiation,I somefimes saw Campobello, but the Corsican, though he was perfectly cognisant as to what was going- on, evinced no sign of.concern. ' 1 •• One day, while Beauchamp and I were having lunch with an acquaintance, Major Cavalleri, of the Malta Fencibles, within a Valetta cafe. Captain Campobello. strolled in, and courteously responded to our salute. Major. Cavalleri was not acquainted with the Corsican, and I did not feel dis posed to invite the latter to join us, as I suspected, naturally enough, that the feeling between him and Beauchamp might be rather strained. ' , • ,, Campobello seated himself at a , table con tiguous to ours,and a moment later was joined by a stranger in nautical attire,. who, while giving his order, to a waiter, showed by his accent that he was an American. Politely accosting his neighbour, Campo bello questioned the Yankee respecting the condition of the dispute in the United States on the negro question, which was soon to result in the Southern secession, and the subsequent awful internecine strife. The sailor abruptly replied that he hated niggers, and was a strong anti-abolitionist. Campo bello changed the subject, and spoVe about the Crimean campaign. Then to my utter annoyance and disgust, I could hear that the fellow was talking at Beauchamp in a disgrace fully offensive and insulting fashion. Jack, I mar mention, had greatly distin guished himself at Inkerman,but had caught a bad attack of fever towards the close of hos tilities,and had been sent to Scutari Hospital, whence he rejoined us after the fall of Sebas topol.' Campobello, raising his voice, continued to the American— ' There will be trouble in your country, as well a? there lias been, and is likely to be, in mine. Therefore, whatever side of the contest a man may take, let him, at least, exhibit a litt'e courage. I have great contempt for a fellow who calls himself a soldier, who, when there are some bullets flying about, shirks his duty on the pretence that lie is ill, and leaves his comrades to do the dangerous work.' i Beauchamp, who was a nthor hot-headed youth, turned palo with fury, nnd .puid no attention to my whispered suggestion to t>;eat the Corsican with' contempt" ,OaftVpcbeilu, .perceiving that the remarks hid had ths effect intended, ^poko \Vitii a, . most aggravating Sneer— ( . . j,.' i mean you, Mr.. Beauchamp. I accuse you of funking the trenahes at Sebas topol, nnd hiding yourself in a hospital bed. In that, and in other matters,you have shown yourself acowardand-a sneak''!1 t-r-fr-.f;. - With an exclamation'of: rage Beauchamp rose, and rushingat Campobello, dashed his first into the Corsican's face. The proprietor of the. 'cafe' and several.waiters surrounded the Combatants, i'nd gave vent to a perfect babel of remonstrance^. ' The American,who Was holding Beauchamp back, shouted to Campobello— ' <"•>-)' •••• : ' You confounded foreign'dancing master, if I had known that'you were1 jawing to me to lead up to insulting this gentleman, you'd had a smack from me first I Captain Campobello,. his eyes flashing fire, as he wiped tfce blood from his moutli Svith his handkerchief-, hissed : ' v. 'Lieutenant Beauchamp,-I am a Corsican, and of a race that never forgives or1 forgets.' You shall hear from, me. . . Beauchamp responded' with a lmughty in clination of- thp.head. -Jheji Cahig.obelljojij'lw appareiitlyhadquite rtco^mlhfteqM lighteda cij^ftand^&VitYg; iiiea smiling adieu, to frhirfi lYira nft't Respond, turriedon his heel in'd walked leisur&ij;^'off.1' 'i: : The sailor, addressing Beaucliamp," said : .:it that chap had tome out with his jaw; in my city.of New Orleans,' Mr..'Officer, I guess ne'd been eligible jfpr a,wooden, suit by. this ,a?.d little go left in him to; grumble: :at the fit, neither; and tlien he became.libdorbed in the perusal "of nti old' nutuhet 'oE'tH'e. fiojv: don 'Times' tfiiit Was lyiiig^Jn. tfie table. : P^Valletij who.by his inothpt'S side', was linglish, and had be^n 'eaiiOTted atfiton, and_ Oxford-,, said .to Beauchamp : • i-L^tV^^Sdectty unfortunate. That fellow wl Sifid you a cKaJiengg.' , ,. . ,I'daren't accept it," spoke Jack lyitli a shrug of vexation. 'The colonel's. exceed ingly strict on the, subj^qt.'o^.. duelling; Hid I'd be cashiered for iv ceTtaihty if 'l did.' ' ^reU,' said. ftiajor, impressively, 'I ten ifou. that these Corsicans—-I haye mfic many of them—-are first cousins ofBeelze bub himself rfespectinjj their inordinate thirst for revenge/1' Campooellp will never forgive, that blow; evenWongh in His mope reason-, able moments' he ttiay,"own'that "nS Avas In the'wroiig; Siricij, ap I can gWss, ; tliere ;is ' a lady m "Question, he was the aggressor for ■& Specific purpose. If .you can't. fights Campobello will consider himself' morally justified, by the custom of his tribe, in killing you. "He will make it the-principal business Of his life,' and, if it \Ve£e iiecessary, would movo'crjatiStt to accomplish:' his end;, Also^'fts possibly ' you' 'have heard,those .Oofticans possess in their inland an interest^, ing and "lively ins'iitiition- wiled'' the. vendetta, "fjby " which tHe signo'r capitano, if need be,"could command the services of any of his.JcitH and kinin. treating y.ou to a bullet or a1 thrust with a dagger. If you should meet the fellow, I should suggest that you take as good ah aim as you can. If you are compelled to decline, I should advise you.never to.walk out unattended or go: near the low quarters of the town: Campobello,- if he feels disposed—and I rather think he will ! "be disposed—can, at a moderate outlay, .Kiro' a number of the swarms of rascals about to drive a knifaintoyo.ur heart-. "!£dtea..my-' advice' and exercise the gt-g&Vest; possible caution.' ' 'oV'etything and. meet the fellow !' impulsivelycxclaimed Beauchamp.' • A challenge from Campobello duly arrived - through the medium- of 'a- subaltern' of the' Malta Fencibles.- - Beauchamp' referred' him to me as his second;~and,:as in duty bound, I laid the matter before our ttdlAmanding officer, Colonel Bolton-. The-coioael '^as furious. > He sent for. Beawh'atrip, and, said : . . k No officer of mine shall over fight a duel, if I can prevent it, even by force. Unless you now give my your wora of honour that, you will not take part in ar hostile' 'meeting' with this Captain Campobelld, 1 shall order you to your StWm under close, arrest, and pla<;e % S6nlry at "your door.' 1 ' But, sir, my honour is at stake !' pleaded Beauchamp. ' You can send in your paper and sell out ; then you'll be as free as air, and can please yourself. But while you ho^ thfc Queen's commission in the Cumbrian Fusiliers, under my commands t shall take every means in my l)«\Wr 'to prevent your fighting a duel,' s'poke the commanding ofiicer, with deci sion. Beaufcb'amp.waS a yetyr'ambitions, soldier, who was desirous'of promotion in the' service. It; was hard for his prospects to be blighted either by selling out or being cashiered over a trumpery matter such as this quarrel with the Corsican. Having asked the colonel's permission to d^fer making any promises; until he. had seen me, Jack returned to my ' room, and narrated the purport of his interview with the commanding officer. ■'Sellout, Jack!' I exclaimed. 1 Mon strous ! Listen.; Will you be glii'ded by the opinion'of the tn6ss" on:the subject1?' I think you'd better-.' , ?Well-,' fciid' Beaiichampy '.I should certainly like Va \iear whaV the'fellows have got to say.' Retutniig to the. Fe'ncjbie officer who was taking part hi a game of billiards, I invited him to dine with us in the evening, and in formed him that we should come to an arrangement afterwards. Then-I requisitioned the service's'of-an*orderly of the guard, and soon had a full muster of the officers in the mess-room, with the exception of the colonel. To them in detail"Inarrated Jack's position, and asked for an expression of ..opinion whether they ."considered that Lieutenant Beauchamp, as a man of honour, should sell ,oufc and meet, the Corsican, or whether, it would, detract, from his reputation as a coura- • geous soldier and a gentleman if he should refuse to fight, thus .obeying* the colonel's mandate. ■ : •• • " ''- " . NVe Cumbrian Fusilier officers were gene-, raUy considered in the" army to have a scrupulous veneration for. 'esprit- de~ .corps,'; and! knew that Jack's.good record would re main untainted when I heard an indignant and .unanimous ' NoK certainly not!', ■ , ! f But who is this ' Captain Campobello V exclaimed the surgeon, Dr. Roberts, testily. Do any of you fellows know anything about him? I' think he has behaved like an atrocious cad, and therefore does not ,deserve satifaction from u gentleman. He may be some confounded foreign fiddler, for all we know.' ; ' Nobody made any response, and Beau champ, being called into the room, explained that Campobello had-beertintroducedcto Sir Percival and Miss Andrews; ■ by young Andrews . the officer having made the acquaintance of the Corsican at the house of the Governor. - , ..... In th^evenihg^whenThad an;opportunity of speaking to Campobello's second, I asked : ' Aie ; you . intimately ' acquainted with Captain Campobello,? Who.,are. his family, connections—or wliat? . - ' ' iThe Fencible officer replied.: ■ r;• ' Absolutely nothing. I assumed he was a gentleman, because : he was fraternising so much with your fellows.' 'The,: man may -^Le a confounded ad venturer, for all we are aware,' I muttered to myself. Then I narrated to 'Campobello's second particulars of the decision, of the mess, of which, unofiicially, lie highly approved ; also that the colonel had vetoed the meeting. Captain Campobello's response was the fol lowing note addressed to Beauchamp :— ' Sir,:—You are a coward. I shall employ other means.—Antonio Campobello. ' . Jack read the message with a contemptu ous snort. Still he did not neglect Major Cavalleri's admonition, and never took his walks abroad alone. One night, however. Beauchamp, who was orderly officer, while taking the guards, had occasion to traverse a certain tract outside barracks. To his left, behind sonic boulders, 'ho heard a rustle, followed by ;i flush and report. A bullet caught the peak of his shako, and knocked the head-dress off. Beauchamp, who habitually carried a Colt's revolver, hastily pulled out that weapon, and fired twice in tiro direction of the tiash. Then picking up his damaged war hat, and keeping a wary look-out, he was returning to barracks, when ho was met by a picquet at the double, which had been attracted by the living. On reaching the barrack gate, Jack made inquiries, and ascertained that a person answering to the description of tlio Corsican had asked of the sentry if Lieuten ant Beauchamp were within, and was in formed that ho was on duty as orderly ofiicer.. Campobello,- if it were he who fired the ■ shot, was well acquainted, with barrack [routine, and hneYfj some period during t>'e b;. ciung the suj 0f the day would piss along tlio rojirgj] Beauchamp at oj)0rj-et[. j^e outrage to the colonel, andpjceri jn ^ terrible condition of excii vowed tliat ho would treat the Co|to the'vendetta' with a rope round Ifc, Colonel Bolton called on the Govefc the island, and that functionary ha&ar; hue ' apd cf„ instituted. ^ „ But; Oampobello <$>t be scented out. Soon jLtranspired t^>ro potent- power than revenge had <tpaptainV Antonio away The abortive^g^tisfactory peace of Villafranca had S'ltimiilus to revolu tionary intrigue/ta^mand or". the Camqrra, Oampobell^a^j ..Jor, Italy. where his services w^ted.,.. ' : A few weeks later Reported that the captain had again fal£ the dutches of Bomba, and subsequi^ rumour went ouer the island that h'dicd in , prison. .Tack Beauoliahip'ccw COnceal that he had got a load remove^ ilis • mind. In due course he obtaincS:sa;iedfor home, and married Mary-An»j ; Soon afterwards' th^eted but tKrice welcome route came, i^th0 '.CuMBnan EHsiliers toptroceed : , Consequently, ^vhon gjoined.vre wcro comfortably settled in tjy little rrn-r.--.-~~ town of Morf--'yirr.,,rrrtr • • -«•> "vrougt^e coast of Dor Oritsfill'6. In the autunli Bpanrhanm unfortunately became ig^ andJP ordered off to MadQir,jthor alio was accompanied byher-frttSJ. Things TrVer© as dull ri|}e' In the. regi ment; and we were dnlii niiye bj tile vagaries of. ttfa rtetfly- fcoilng tiisigiis named Goohg siiici. Senile were &iw;}iys to some"prank or.oth?! ' of (?4r,,"earibaldi Wsf®^d,p,tp feles^ariffeo^'i wiakly making himself scarce', td t^ie for tress of Gaeta.- Then, anyone knows, the wretchedpolitical prisfere released. In common with the whpuJ^tion, the name of Garibaldi, was .al^mtinuully in our mouths. The acco;jrom, Naples were- at first- somewhat but 0iie afternoonabout the midtrOc'tober, we were fully enlightened jing. ce'rtain particulars by Captain J(^f ours,. who .received# Neapolitan re\?narj- psip^rjj 1 which .fiad been sent by.hisqr, whp was.' . an artist studying in Italy.* Joaesj who piked its Havijtfest btltjw ; ledge of Italian, read-or J translated ;as he read—an'account of tfein^ Cif the" ;dungeons, as well .aa a | fch^.'freed '.patriots: . ... J. '. ' Great heavenshe ej.icti when-his' ;eye lighted on a- cei?taiii tiartjWejie'g-the felldiV ?et!otit-tfhbtii £tlliltHiadgoi'e to the other sid^e of Joriddn~i cjmp who .was : desirous of : potting, "hatnp you ! know—Captain Antonio Cann0 j' Beauchaiiip, who was stanq£ar- turned slightly pale, but, turning tolhispered," 'with a smile: ' I fancy that it may place ^or on the captain's burning desire- for we.to come all thiS'distance after me;'' V'"-1" I thought of Major Oayall^iteffienfc, and aaid nothing. - ■ g ' Post, sir,' said the mesa atj^t as he approached' Beauchainp with .'spaper on a waiter. ,J; •It was the "Sattdleighpi"1 waa published .in a Sftldll townee coast neat his father's estate, fot,mingrti0n 0f :a borough which Jack was assicjy ' nurs ing" prior to stauding.for it at iccoeding general election. :-j , Having removed the wrappe^uchamp was immediately smiling "at J&endous; ^onslaught made on hia polittc^Ws jn a leading article; Suddenlr hislvyHrtHPo actually blriilclied, Aiid,' calling gi(je jje whispered hoarsely and escitelvd ' Read that !' ' '■-• • ^ The paragraph ran thus : 1 . ' Excrrj>-dv-Scene.—1Tlio s^tmaid from Alexandria to London, frhid batted at JfapleSj ran asli'ora itt ii'giiie '.Bdie'pii Bay-, there w&s.;|i<} ihlMiiiiM tigi,; ti,e liy^s, bf -Hie" ^UseBgisrs "or cr&nt; one fngutened individual of the 5 class leaped overboard and tried to s^shore. After a few strokes, he appeared ex hausted, and would" inevitably § sunk had not a courageous coastguard"] with a rope fastened round {lis wnistuH^ed into the boiling BUrf, and at the?ofhis liSe seized the drowning man, and^ wjth him ashore. The person, who {quite unconscious, had the appear^of- a foreigner. He was conueyed toEtown hospital, where restoratives were ajj. A small sum of money was found in h&sess; sion ; also visiting-cards and docife, 0ri which were inscribed Captain AntoCam pobello.' The Mermaid-was got when thegalesubsidea, and proceeded 011 hyarre. J Just before going :to - press, o'urorter j called at the' hospital,; and ascerta^that the rescued man.had^ofc'. 'completei^nil, j and had been discharged.' a. | ' He has lost no time,' I saidSh a shudder. 1. j .' Look here !' hiss.fed . Jack. ' I slippose I'm novv iri for a spell of §jise that will be fifty tinies worse t-Jthe | trenches at SebastopoJ were. I did'edre then, but I^own life is ofsoirfejiUtlime now,"since I am married. If I clapi on that felloir, I'll shoot him. I'll kill la3 I would-a tiger or'ii snake ! I'ni moraliis^L fied in doing , it. , I'm. so, tbankthat my wife's away.' "... ^ ' Well, Jack,,old chap,! I aaid, • '\ust really takd some precautions in this ter. The man must be insane. - It will rtMbe .only ordinary prudence to give it i;the hands of the police. However, we'll ,-uss the affair after mess.-' -. : . •> Then 1 remembered we had pronl tc call at the quartermaster's rooms—fcohis recently born baby.' The cherub waulj exhibited and admired, and, of courwt had to:drink to its health and future per .ity. i. We chatted with- the happy pa^iti it was time to dress for mess. i. Suddenly there • was a knock at tliM the quartermaster cried/Come,in,' ah( sergeaiit!of the guards entered;" The io: stripes-remarked: : j ■' Beg pardon,-- sir,;but I've . the col'; order to tell you that someone a few m»i ago fired a 6hot about the 'officer's qurs He1 wishes-you to have a, close inve^tipi mAde to-morrow, sir, " and if anytV been damaged, to make a special rep<t< him.'' : 1 .. r;Mr. CWoke and Mr.' Sennet agaiil yoii think V spoke the quartermaster, smile. ■ '•.;;■*? ' So the colonel seems to fancy, sir,i sweredthe .sergeant. . 'Oh, if you plj Mn Beauchamp, a gentleman' called fori about a quarter of an hour ,ago. - I sen orderly to coiiduct' him to your room, and if "you weren't there, to the mess.' ''Tha'nlc you, sergeant,' 'remarked I champ, carelessly; - then he mutte ,'Some fellow called'! I daresay that's y Tyron,.of the Eiigineere. - He .half pros to turn up to night. I suppose it's h unlikely,that Signor Capitano Antonio pobello will favour, me with a personal Besides, he has hardly time to "efc yet' - 0 - Beauchamp and I hurried to our quai in order to make the required change in habiliments before putting in an appe.i: at the dinner-table. My room was clc Jack's, and my friend remarked : 'Oh,did I tell you that I received my i carte-de-visite, photographed in Mac this morning 1 It's an excellent like Come in, and I'll show it to you.' ' Hulloa ! what in the deuce is t growled Beauchamp, as he discovere< door locked and the key missing. ' Cri he bawled alona the passage to his serva The adjutant's man answered the sumr He said : ' Beg pardon, sir, but Ciipps got from the captain, as he 'ad a brother c to see 'im. I got your mess things r< sir. You'll find 'em all right.' ' But my key's missing, man,' said Ja ' Ksy, sit-1 It was there half an hour I didn't even turn it in tho lock. ] know who'd a'touched it. Not a soul in the passage as I know on, sir, 'ceptin Cooke and Mr. Sennet, and a civilian <r( man with one of the guard orderlie3. got, sir ; the colonel was round kiekm' rou-, as he thought tho young officer been goin' in lor pistol practice. T heat report, but took no notice on it.' ' Confound the thing ! I must get int room,' said Beauchamp. ' Fetch n chisel, or something, and I'll prise the open.' The servant soon brought a crowbar which Beauchamp, using the imple jemmy fashion, speedily obtained in;m his apartment. He sniS'ed and exclaii ' What a beastly smell of gunpowd wonder whether Messrs. Sennett and ( have honoured my room with a visit, h-iivc tjuuehed their deuced heads "i caught them-' j The moon, which had now risen, was shining brightly through the window, and by i its lighc Jack perceived.a figure lying on his bed. . j ' What on earth's this 1" ho angrily ex claimed. 'What blessed tomfoolery ! Just j imagine .the mental" calibre of the animals who could extract amusement from such a game as this!' - Beauchfimp,' who was a bit of a'dandy, had I a model of his figure fashioned in stiffened ; bu'ckrafu" with cork stuffing on which he was wont to Dutton his tunic before wearing it. This the bright youths Sennett end Cooke— it needed no ghost-to tell that—had placed between his sheets. T wonder what those idiots have been firing at Y -testify snapped Jack, as he struck a lucifer and lighted the gas. ' Oh, what a hanged shame ! My new tunic too !,' he wrrith fully ejaculated, as he pointed to a dagger like weapon, which: had been driven to the hilt in the breast part. ' This is too bad ; I'll make a report of it! I .think ; the sooner those ycung lunatics ar6 cashiered ■ the better.' 'r Beauchamp.;, wli o ijad passeH to. the side of the fceii next the window, suddenly, gave an exclamation of1 surprise • and' '■ alarm. 1 He caught the foot of the. cot and pushed it a Jni-u towards tho door, and disclosed the motionless figure of a man lying on his back, grasping with his right hand- a heavy re volver, and with his left'a scrap of paper. " As by a simultaneous impulse, my comrade and I caught hold "of the' body and raised it dii the bed. The. features—pinched and.hng grtrd—itefe blackened bv gunpowder ; and blciotij acVr cdigulated( had ooSed from the mouth. Still Beauchamp iiild 1 t'ecognised :ihe face at the same moment. It was that of Captain Antonio Campobello ! . ^snatched the paper from his grasp, and iea'dj trrstten on it in( a^scrawly hand, the words, ' Un G'orso si ve'udicci—p. muore l\ (which may be translated, 'A Corsican lo avenged—and dies I') : ; Immediately . I had perused the scrap I heard a shuffling sound, accompanied by, a groan.' The shock of the ghastly'discovery had been too-much for Beauchamp. - He had fallen in al dead faint over the corpse of his ienemy. ; .■ "f,,;.,-, • Preparatory to summoning' ^aMisuince, I raised the unconscious. Beauchamp. from tho bed, laid him on the floor, and loosened his. icbllari •• - • 1 lookingout of thfa floor I saw-Ensign Gooke. ' Mr. Cooke,"'"I said, sternly, ^idryovt place..that .dummy-in Beauchamp's bed f ' Well, yes, Sennett and I did,' was... the youth's reply. ' Now I'm accused of firing a pistol.' Upon my honour-' t: know nothing ■abeut that)1 ' , I resporidbd? • , t- . • • • \- ' Look sharp. Tell the ctfnfmandinj^offieer and the doctor that I request their presetted urgently in Mr. Beauchamp's room 1 Ensign Cooke, (with a .vague idea that in some fashion he was in for.it, hurried away to deliver my message. : : • ' ■ Directly afterwards. therewas(a tap at the 'door. I attended to the summons,' and was Coiifrofatedwitn the;orderly.of.th& guard, i '' Beg-pardon, sir,' the.man'said ; ',bufc I. wish to see Mr. Beauchamp.' ' ; I replied: ■ 'YoU feltl't §eo him.at present, but you Bail iiifiESagEj.ivitil 'tttfii - The orderly went oh ! , v ! ' 'I don't know as I did; right,'sir, but a civilian gentleman wished to see Mr. Beau champ j-and I brought him here.. I-knocked,, an'.not bein' answered, I took the: liberty of openin' the door, and saw Mr: Beauchamp in bed. The.,gentleman said as 'ovr ho wanted particular to "sea Mr ^Beauchampj an.' would go ail' Wake iiiiii lip. fileil jUst as tho colonel was sendin' me to post-abetter hi tho town to catch the mail train, I .heard a shot. When I came back tho sergeant of the guard told mB'that he 'ad it-from the adjutant's sergeant as('o\fMff Beauchamp 'ad.to break open hts ;. ■[Ybt! iliaV J.-edidi 'if ttierfe's 8t# tning wrong you'll doubtless hear from Mr. Beauchamp!' , The ghastly business was now apparent. Camp6bello, perceiving the dummy on the bed, was convinced : that it was his foe in reality, and, after inflicting what he thought to be a mortal wound with hi£f dagger, had blown his brains out. As .1 looked at the Corsican's lifelessly body, I could not help regretting tfiat a man of his parts should have fallen a victim to the sentiment .of the overwhelming passion, for i royengo of his strange race. Murder most foul had been averted by a ludicrous and silly practical joke, and accidentally the hair-brained youths Cooke and Sennett had performed.a service invaluable in its character. : The colonel and the doctor came together on the scene, and in a few words I told them of,what had happened. • The still inanimate Beauchamp we earned to ay room adjoining from whence he was con veyed on a sfcretoher to the doctor's quart-era in hospital: • . - , What was to be done with. Campot)oUo"rf body ? The ,three of us had a long anci serious consultation on the gruesome sub ject. The ciead man was .'possessed pf relatives; of whom I had heard tiiri sp'eaji," and I argued that to allow the facts to be published at an inquest might have, for all wo could tell, the effect of bringing about a continuation of the vendetta ; therefore, in our decision on the perplexing question, we were'guided by considerations of prudence respecting Jack Beauchamp'3 safety. I searched Campobello's pockets. There ,vere but a shilling or two in money, his card- case, and a few letters. The missives I afterwards destroyed. Now, what we did maybe objected to on ethical grounds, but we were soldiers ac customed to rough campaigning, and there fore not likely to trifle with a difficulty in a kid-gloved fashion. So, in the early morning, the colonel, the doctor,, and I conveyed the corpse of the un fortunate man, with his hand still tightly clasping the revolver, out of barracks by tlio private door of the officers' house, and gently laid it by the side of the road, just as wo saw the light of a policeman's lantern in the dis tance. A minute later we heard the guardian of the peace calling loudly for assistance, and vigorously blowing hia-whistle. Soon a pass ing market waggon was requisitioned, and. the body conveyed to the palish' mortuary. An inquest was held.in due, course, and, accord ing to the newspaper report, the jury found that a person unknown had shot himself. Privately, through the medium of the vicar of the parish, Celoriel Bolton paid an undertaker to have the remains buried de cently. . Greatly to their surprise, Ensign Cooke and Sennetfc were not reprimanded for the practical joke they had played. • Jack Beauchamp, on perceiving Campobello's body in his room, had received a much more severe shock than was supposed. A slight attack of brain fever supervened. Tn con gequence'he received sis months' leave, and joined his wife at Madeira. All of us who know of the affair kept it a close secret of years. In fact, I believe that Be;iuchamp, vrlio long since left the army— when he succeeded to the title and estate'on the death of his father—has never breathed a single syllable to his wife of the tragic story of the end of her former admirer, Captain Ajitonio Campobello. 