RELIGIOUS NEWS. First Dat Adult School Woek. — Mr. W. J. Sayce, a member of the Society of Friends, delivered an address in the Y.M.C. A. Parlour on Friday evening on the above subject. Mr. Walter Birks occupied the chair, and intro duced the lecturer. Mr. Sayce stated that the scholars in England are mostly of the artisan class, being those who attend no placa of worship, and often before joining r luch given to drink. There was a membership in England in connection with the Society of Friends Adult Schools of 23,000. In Birmingham alone there were 4,000, and in connec tion with other Christian bodies 0,000. The schools were entirely undenomina tional, subjects of Church polity and doctrine being avoided. The classes wore conversa tional. One of the scholars opened the subject and the others talked it over, the teasher simply holding tho reins of the clas3. The Bible was the only text-book, no other books being used except hymn-books. Classes began with half an hour of writing — copying out portions of Scripture. In connection with the schools were libraries, Savings Banks, and Sick Clubs. In the schools there was no distinction between employer and employed, a strong feeling of brotherhood underlying all the work. Xearly all the schools were held on Sunday morning, beginning from 7.30 to 8.30, and lasting usually two hours. Other meetings were held, but they were all chiefly carried on by the scholars themselves. Cuuuch Bazaak, Mitcham. — A bazaar was held in the Institute, Mituham, on Frida}', October 16, in aid of the Mitcham Wesleyan Church to liquidate the debt on the Church building. The Rev. D. S. Wylie, in asking Mrs. George Wilcox to open the bazaar, said that she had consented to do so in a most cheerful manner. Mrs. Wilcox said she hoped that the fair would be a success, and had ereat pleasure in declaring it open. A vote of thanks having been passed to Mrs. Wilcox, the National Anthem was sung, and stallholders set to work. Good business was done, in spite of the rain which fell during the day. There wa3 a large attendance. An inspection of the various stalls showed that great pains had be6n taken in their arrangement, and the pro moters are to be congratulated on the extensive and choice collection of goods offered for sale. The following is a list of the stalls : — Fancy, Mesdames Gault, Taylor, Misses S. Barron and Moore ; plain. Mesdames Wood, Atwell, Baine, and Miss Marsh ; flower, Misses Barron, Burgess, and Melvin ; pro vision, Miss F. Marsh ; refreshments, Mes dames Makeham, Tunsell, and Storrie, and Misses Marsh and Atwell ; sweets, Mrs. Thornton and Miss Gartrell ; fishpond and Christmas tree, Misses Secombe, Wakeham, and Tredrea. The attractions included a museum, consisting of automata, electrical exhibits, machinery in motion, and microscopic demonstrations, and a luminous ghost (an entirely new production by Dr. A. H. Gault), and a shooting gallery, all of which were well patronised. The hall was tastefully decorated with flags, and the scene waa very pretty. Afternoon tea was served on the stage and a coffee supper. Instrumental music was pro vided during the afternoon, and in the evening a capital concert was held. The bazaar will be continued to-day, and may be expected to 'draw.' SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. — The annual meetings of the South Austra- lian Baptist Association were concluded on Friday. In the morning the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., read an exceedingly able paper at a ministers' meeting held in Flinders-street Church Classroom upon 'Personal Character, or the Man behind the Minister.' The paper was much appreciated. Several questions were asked by the ministers and answered by Mr. Hill. Testimony was borne as to the helpful- ness and power of Mr. Hill's public ministra- tions during his visit, and he was wished a hearty farewell. In the evening the usual young people's service was held in the Flinders streetChurch, and notwithstanding the counter- attraction of the 1,000 children's concert and the unpropitious weather there was a very large gathering, representatives being present from Flinders-street, Tynte-street, North Ade- laide, Norwood, Semaphore, Parkside, Magill, Alberton, Goodwood, Carrondown, Hilton, Southwark, Mitcham, and Glen Osmond. Mr. J. Viner Smith, the newly elected Vice- President of the Association, presided over the meeting, and delivered an address upon the importance of Sunday-school work. Miss Bessie Rendall sang a solo entitled 'The Beautiful City,' and was followed by the Rev. W. E. Rice, who addressed the children upon 'Trusting Jesus.' A quartet was then rendered by Misses Chard and Edwards and Messrs. Hubbard and Jackman, of Parkside Sunday-school, entitled 'They that wait upon the Lord.' A recitation was read by Mr. J. H. Sinclair entitled ' Heroes.' The Flinders street choir sang an anthem, and then Mr. J. J. Virgo spoke upon ' Confessing Christ,' and the meeting was closed with singing and the benediction. Praise is due to the Rev. A. E. Green, who had the responsibility of manage- ment and the arrangements, which were hap- pily carried out. Anniversaries. — Services in commemora- tion of the anniversaries of the following will be held to-morrow: — Kent Town Methodist, Kensington Bible Christian, Parkside Baptist, and Bentham-street Christian Churches, and College Park Congregational and Unley Wesleyan Sunday-schools. Personal. — We take the following from the Christum Weekly for October 16: — 'Miss Burnett, daughter of Mr. Matthew Burnett, is about to enter the West London Mission sisterhood. Mr. Burnett intends to return to Australia in January next. — Mrs. Champness has issued a volume entitled ' Faithful unto Death,' being a memorial of William Argent and Alfred C. Tollerton, who have just fallen in China in the front rank of the missionary army. — Dr. Moulton, the ex President of the British Conference, has con sented to prex-are a 'Commentary on the Sew Testament,' especially for the use of local preachers and others who are nob cognisant with the original Greek. — The Rev. George Brown, F.R.G.S., President of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, was amongst the guests at a garden party which waspiven by Dr. Saumarez Smith, the primate, during the sittings of the recent Synod at Sydney — The Rev. Robert Stephenson, B.A., brother of Rev. J. B. Stephenson, who lately arrived in Victoria from England, is expected with Mrs. Stephen son to arrive in Adelaide during the week, and will stay for a short time, being the guests of Mr. C. Drew, J.P., at Medindie— The Rev. J. Y. Simpson. Chairman of the West Australian District, informs the President by letter that the last census returns disclose the pleasing fact that the number of adherents of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in that colony has more than doubled during tho last ten years. — The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse arrived in London on September 5 quite rein vigoratc-d and in the best of health. The c Brotherhood of Methodism' is the burden of the first number of a series of notes on hi3 tour, which appeared in the Methodist Times of the 10th ult.— Mr. Henry Goes, of Payne ham, the veteran local preacher, entered on his ninetieth year on Sunday, October 4. Mr. Goss did yeoman's service for the Metho dist Church in'his younger and stronger days, and those who remember hi3 fervent words will be glad to know that tho nonagenarian ' local' is having a quiet eventide of rest after a long record of useful woik. — The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes took with him to America a party from the London Mission, and a great programme of engagements has been arranged for him in die States. Mr. Moody has ex tended a hearty welcome to him from North field to 'stay at least a month.' Mr. Hughes has accepted^ Dr. Tannage's invitation to preach in Brooklyn Tabernacle on October 18. Mr. Hughes is likely to receive as great an ovation in America as his colleague did in Australia. — We hear with great regret of the death of the Rev. Alfred Rigg. Bronchitis followed influenza, and on Tuesday last, October 14, he died at his residence, at Brighton, Viotoria. Mr. Rigg waa a brother of Dr. Rigg, of West minster, so well known throughout Methodism. During his residence in South Australia, he travelled in Pirie-street, Stiathalbyn, North Adelaide, and Kadina Circuits. He was then removed to Victoria, and at the last Conference was elected its President. Hi3 second marriage was to Misa Berriman, sister of Mrs. A. A. Scott, of Adelaide. Sir. Rigg waa a man of considerable mental culture; able in debate; as a preacher, clear and logical in style ; by fidelity to duty and to Methodism he secured the eateem of many friends, and by his death our Church loses a man of sterling character and purity of purpose. On our own behalf, and that of many friends, we express our sympathy with the Church, and with thoao immediatelv heiwaveH' 