( C a n i r ! , i,, - 'J,? / y l r al, p h ) .? S?P?rusni tuos piidtil t a' goad many greatt soldie, s Ii? n llh lirnle of tile prel:llt cenl tury, a tilt i rt. irm;t ae ilthem all,t i we learnl frlll or Blerlin l'orretealsl eli, has ri'ederntly jlineil`ti ilody" ,ni ;,'any f ithe Flrst loylial Fouot Guards in ithe ela actoer i o full:private.- 'or two cetulmie pILt ithis omnlillIiy h?biis' rl~saiotlei t i llen. lotf exti ordinary.. satln ri'ierrliil?I+ fou ilsie moost part wlthil, bilt in solle olsas will out tile .o uil l ol f 'i'l P` f -Jsiloti tIloiarmhy. 'Untltl the nlot inltaat, whlen it received iti f diiY of ouillel ts for tl u curretl ini j!aly, i'll Its r'"'prielit eaitiiiaader, Colliola! yu3 tiue;kta, passed for the talleat warrtir ln the Gerluuln in aamy hi-ielght iclig ;i6f 8lil',. Ndi',iituw ever, he Is suIpaased liu stturer-and to the 'i'by no Ieallis hlcuisi lerabl extelt of tuuo tbihrd of al stlodard foota-by.tllh gigtlltic iou ag a guigill'liniawa h be itdlO I lately been enrolloled in the l Lelb Kiuin?llgni." ' This "sol-a of .Ailik neeasureit.L ?i '4i?.: In his satoiklilgs, iaid is prolblyl 5li tikal lse Euldior -in ETuraope, itf not in tlile wjdild'1 H must l rtower'. with striking -colnspiuousnless.over thleheitds of a his iomrades'ot the "a udo "o C aColtpany,;' in which, 's ltr 'ti"=lit u'lant .. heaIlli?.OlOirdes, iaid' .ii1 Co'illpUia;,of the fa no lfus l'6 bit junski, itegime t --the leight o f lIi tLhe 11ien ile between Olift. t2li \- and Oft' Oil., thie latter latllure belllmg oly, attained , by -a' siore or sO" of7'traplipIg youtlhs bl'elonigg la thile Iaillng oecLitul. !1t -is the!l privillge ofttltis cu;mplly, no certain aniOllerParie anlid tate oceasionls, to woaur thni hulige 'lianical l-pl;lu slliliitke'u Illire and glitlerinlg with burllaiheld I.rtas ornll lillent, which wOas formerly the parade . heaod-dress. of.- te l'olldanllt- GreunadLers, a corps whlich furllnished material for tile formatioll of the lFirst and Second P'rusal?l Foot Guatds Inl the year 1740, rle it w10l broken Uoil by: Frederick tile Uleat lon li nccesslon to the throne.ll. The enormous pointed hietdgiear li queslioi, 'closely re semblilng that \\. o1t Itn the 'days of Marl. borougil bh our ownv Guard regilments, adds sonm eilghlenr ilches to tholllpparentature of.tlie lPrussiull glardaltlllau , i. e ;gralldu tenue," ind Ilhereby: imllparts It illnglllrly impressive and formidable seealllilg to that stalwalrt legionary. Wheil the " la ody Compuany,' thu artificially Iiuoreased Iit "hei ht, is paraded oil highl-d ays lnd holidays, and nllrchles plat the salmling-poilt wlith the peculinr stragihtenled step that is still featur.ol oftihe tI'rsiao infantry ,drill, it make'is bbierhiowl lfudied, allii;?gh only numberinlg 120 merlon its penace tietligtlh. "'Whitt' iilst halve beeni thle elft prlduced t"on"a' gland' field-dany'pby itmignllht?'rE?gi menal nancestor,-:thle I'otsdam Guard, 4000 strollng., t- the e;of its Idlssolution, alid colnpd-sid of n0len averugolnuge fro f. ctiil to ift. nll heigilt I Thls:wvss an unrivalled corps, orgulilacd 1wiltl inllilte pains and outliay by) Frederlek . Wll'aani.l, balld graphically described by Thomas Carlyle as a ' Gant R.egimenl, suchl as the world never saw' before or tilce-Osualilme enougl, hugely perfect to the Rioyal eye, such a ,rmas of shlineg gianlts, in their ionlg-drawn reguhrlriles llld lllthenitie l muuanavlllillga, lik sonm lre1 k of loulellln eau Ilglltnillg~ realised here at last, In the vulgar dusk of things i" It was Fredrick I., son of the 'Grelt:ilectoir odd foulder of thie Prusaoin blonarcily, wiho flIrid ithe Potsdllam Grena. dier Guatd, uponpaiilch his successor, inllg title its Caoloie laisihed tini?liUliled treasLure, anid in which his renowned gralldslll, Frederick tile Girat, served hils militar'y \- apprenticeship. There was t "Lelb.:Kom pagule" in the first battallon of this culessal corps, and it was decreed by the °' expelsi?e, Ilerr" when he raised the regiment that the, apillincy of thlle i'lody" Company should be ever thereafier vested ill Ihe person of tbeielinohig. Kti of Trudes for the lini , beilng. :The usage ,thus :ordained in the ,year, 1701 has prevailed down ttile iepreset day, - having- beenu trnllferred froili tillh P.otsdal .GuOar to the nhllllorlrofits tria ditious, ullniform, and precedence, tile First Regimlnet; of lltoysl PIrussian-1oot Gulrdj. Willlial' 11;, as Kliig-of lPrissill, is now '-Captall of thl ?iclspanly lit juesllon, as e?ell as Colonel of the dlatigditalisiled 'regitient to which it belougs.,. Tl'hef orighnll corps, whence the whol Guard Ilfantlry of thi present day, low over 20,010 strong, nIlny be said to have sprung, was the especial -fnToiiite ?iand' flad" of Frederick WitllIam I., justly surnamed "'Thu 'Futler of tile lrllussan Arly"-the very apple of his eye -and Ills irrepressible resolve to keep it up to igiantllo;sitandard of height got hliu into omany- awkward scrapes, with the Sovereigns' of': other I Il rope?n States. Throeghout the Kilg's reiglt hli rcerdiittll agents were to. be flound il every Conti. nenotl realm-even, from time to tilnme, in thlese Ilands, busily entllling, purehasilg, orihplipilg; nld not Infrequgltily kidllaippini the tallest men they coid iscover ill their respelclhe fleids of opIeratioll. About the year 1720 the " Poltdan Life Guarit" had athtiined Its aimullluu of lnumlllbels and Inches. The shorlest prleiate wIns iitle less than 7ft. hIgh, and a few of its greIudlera approached tue extraordillnry at.ltler of Ofl. The tallest of thcae was F uglelaln or Il File-leader" Ahllmalnnlon- st appro. priately nlimed of gillllS-the crowll of whose Ihed Augusltus the Strollng of eIxoony, hlimsolf a Colossus, coulll not tlouch with his hiallid, stolidihlg oii ilptie, Next in Ihe ,llt Lc ldie Jomlles lirklriali, lil lrlcshiiiilii who, acctldiltn to documontlltst still exlstllnll in tihe Sllltte Orhlllves i, IICrlll, cost tUll Khig £!ii, " trd oe , heil rotl le got in. Ilgl ? i llllllh, h , 'IIlle ll ,L 1uht1 i nil l 11 0i.51 AlolilldII Ilii 1110h1iliii lb ililtller aiirlotier eiderinko liiiki, (h Mjo'lhJlle of lf ainry i onehis liis el. t'etie lellic sillhe if i lc hnleil. vlllltevr I ~ifI llihil+Y lv' l I l li illiII 8it. l tiell O] lllir, i iliIIIIIIII'L j r ll r iiIth(I'1-oI i renllllor orillllr lf heirim-io I h llllll 111111' 11tra re 1Rlrll, i ii htliiel o ,\lli i-vr lie ifn h Ihe A lr, ll 111 lle, Ihll ICoo l iye tilllllle I liiI il4lr hIls " goiotd bhlol rli'1 " uit, rjII ,illll'l! l klhlno Ing lull twell, ns Cuslll puis 1h , I hai glanlts his dolly h cetl, nlid that " Iln heart there was no rond Ioi rb' Ly itv that of presenting t Itll IIIIImn or two." So ovYrpowell1U, i'ndodl?divils. t `e? e?n0 ling of lrns?li's greed for recruits of Ina.y illnches thatl, thiough hlnlself lne Ithriftiest of men, he was ever willling to dishrse exltravagant snlUs of lI.Io'ey in griltifyolg0 this qullnt lE?veh n lme, at Iltimo Whl n i, lolis kespllhng his household expenses down iO pIrsl moih)lln.s!y thlthlitalls mellrou lehildren ltacked tile collllonll comlfortl -somet?hlles the ve ry neoceptrlesI-of everyday alliddle-ulas lifo. The unsOcrupulous iagens who filulllled Ills behesls in Gerllmany, Austria, Ilolland, and o0witzeIrland their plrincipal crhllgphlg grou1ltls, -nev0er hesitated to violato tile 1w1v whlln they saw their sw0Ly to kidlallping Ilil unui0l00iiy till juuta, an1l the oil.adventures. that lveri.(now and jin1ni robsllltd from their deeds of violence caused Ills Mllljsty's na1le to becolnie a bj\void lthrou'ghout Eurolp. ( le of these predatory blpeds ~cnen beguiled I hugeo Ollllg-C~lllenlter of Jiillic1: 1h0o i wooden.chea1t, made to order by Its Iuckless tdl.inlnt, "' apin hllll wh thie King's agent pruomptly clo.ed and locked the IIl. W\llhl tIle chest, hIlavlng bee transported to a plile of s'.feiy by "'three of thle 'kidnatpp r's servanlts; nas oa peled. the unlfortuntel elrIilloter,l ha i ?gven up 1the ghost, I victim to suin eation. a.lyors . and wealthy merchnllts of Prusslllu Iow0ns, bell)Il.' men Of lofty ,stiture, wwre, crrleted .If,.nld had.t l 1pay .heuvy'. ri\ns0oms be fore they colild recurer their liberty. Ilg soldlers serving Ill foreign.ll: rmlnlls were llersuaded tl deserL by promllises of high pity iand rapid lpro nl0otlon " iu It e ountlry where iiltlltry mellt was undrstootl, nlld tt. tall fellow of parts wtas sure to get his iuidr of colours inI no thlle.' '. The s lslteill of rrilmplg prlactised by l'ri.drlerk Willlim's nlyrdilodoa hits been udmlinbly Idlterlibed by T'Plckeray in tlhe thl 'I JIteoirs of llarry j:,lldonl." No ntnl cosllderably over Oft. llu.helght, whaltever his rank or social statiotn might be, w;os safe'fromll It, O11 ne 00occasiol0 the A\llu Aillll Ambassador to tlloe Court of St. Jlames Hierr yon llentenrleder, tallest of Eurolle;n diplomatists--wal snpllapol up bIy Prussinl criiilps while walklg aI ong the public hlgll Waiy near Iltlberstadt, n1d Inlcalreeruted in aI gulardhouse untilU hissulte cmloe lp, inquiring for hil, she 110he was released with a plro usiodo nli ahject npologies. This breach of the hnluluitics thlt " hedge about" the representatives of crownlled lheads created II a trellendods ensllalioll in all the Courts of Clilisceindooin and llunged the pecatnlt ki g lIto a se0a of trouble. Nowada0t) s, fortunately for profeisluonllI nd prlri?c gillntsl llike, tie demlinid fuo Iabnormalnly till 1men !s by no meanls pressing inll slidiu aIrlmles, e0eil iIn lit of l'ras.i, nlliltary explerieunce having proved that the reuruit of hilddle sze ize llke the inoust serviceble ilanld ehduring soldier. Thalt stripllt g of eft. 4in. should juilln the colours of 1thu Prussian' guard is a mecre Ilncident, thlough It somlewhtllt excepltlional one, of thie unuiall levy thIt fills up the Yamilclules rising every Outulln i Illthe regimental tanks. A hunIdrtd anod sevelly year augo well nigth every such ecruitmlllenllt was the clolong chapter of Ia mloe 0ur less tragical tale. 