The Inillan War. DESPERATE FIGHT WITH HOSTILE REDSKINS. Wr extract tho following from tlio Son Francisco Chronicle of January 2 New York, January 8.— According to rocont offioial report, nboot 11,000 inalo Indians aro involved in tbo rising at Flno Ridgo, of whom about C000 aro adults on tho Sioox roBorvation. Originally tho land com prising tho rosorvation strotohod from tho Missouri Rivor on tuo oast to tbo uiaok-hrila on tho wost, and from Nebraska on tho south almost to tho town of Bismuth in North Dakota on tho north. Thoro woro 22, 010, 043a. in tho traot. Of this territory 14,000,000a. woro last year openod for aottlomont. At tho timo of singing tho agroomont for tho pnrpooo thoro was mnah opposition thereto manifested by some of tiio Indiana, and tho foundation for much of tho prosont troublo may bn traood to ocourronocstbon. On December SOBigFoot's band wan discovered oight miloa from Major Wbitoaido'a oamp on tho Woundod Knoo. As tho military approaobod tho hostile formed in long lino of battlo. As thoy camo forward Big Foot extended his hand in tokoa of poaco. " I amsiok. My people horo wunt peaoo and— " Major Whitoflido oat him short with " I don't want nor.will I havo any parleying at all. It isoithoran unconditional surrender or fight. What is your nnswor P" "Wo nurrondor," aaidthoohiof, " wo would havo dono soboforo, bat wo oould not find you and could not find any soldjoia to whom to surrender." In loss time that it takes to writo it tho military had their prisoners sorroundod and a oonrior was hastened Into Pino Ridgo Agency for othor four troops of tiie 7th Cavalry and Lioutonnnt Taylor's soouts to help guard and disarm tho party. Thoro woro 150 warriors ali porfootly armed and 250 squaws togothor with many children. Major Whiteside had 250toldiors. As this task wasabout complotod tho Indians to movo, and all of a auddon tboy throw thoir blankets to tlio ground, wbinpod up thoir riflos and began firing rapidly at tlio troops, not 20ft. away. Tho troops woro at a great disadvan tage, foaring to shoot for fear of injuring thoir own oomrados. Tbo" Indians— mon, womon nnd children— thon ran to tho south, tho battery firing rapidly as thoy ran. Soon tho moontod troops woro aftor thom, shooting thom dawn on ovory hand. Tbo ongagomont lasted fully an hour and a-half. To tha south many took rofaga in a ravino, from whioh it waa difficult to dislodge thorn. Tho lcillod and woundod amongst tho Indiana woro ostimatod at 300, tho soldiers shooting thom down wlior- ovor found. Tho field was ono of groat con fusion. Horsos wore running in ovory direction and tha mon for a fow momoots woro frantio owing to tho unfortunate way thoy woro plaood. Captain Wallaoo of K troop, was tho only oifioor killed. In tho first mad rush of Indians thoso of thom who hud not guna attaokod tho troopors with knives, clubs and tomahawks, and Captaiu Wallaco was struok down with a hatohot on tho head. Father Craft, tho Catholio missionary, rooiovada bullet wound- which will probably result fatally. Lioutenant Garlington, of Aratio exploration famo, ro- oiovod a Berious wound in tbo arm. A numbor of noncommisslond ofiicors and privates woro wounded, probably 25 or 30 in all. Several of thoso wero likoly to dio. Whon tho nowa of this fight roaohod tho ngenoy at Pino Ridgo pandomonlnm broko looso among tho 5000 Indians gathorod thoro and a largo numbor of thom broko away. Somo of tho friondly Indians, including Cloud, joined tbo army forooa undor Gonorai Brooko. At of thoagonoy buildings and a determined offort was being mado by tho rods to reach and burn thoagonoy. A villago bolonging to friondly Indians in plain sight of tho agonoy was soon to go up in flames just boforo dark. Itanhvlllo was crowded with settlors, tho ohurohosnnd all publio balls wore thrown opou and no offort was spared to mako tho rofngoos aomfortablo. CmcAao, Jauuary 4.— Last night was ono of fovorieh oxoitoment at tho agonoy. For tho first timo tho Bquaw-mon and half-brods wore alarmod and romalnod up all night, foaring an attack boforo morning. Tho agonoy, howovor, is too woll guarded to permit any vory largo famo to auoroaoh vorv olosowUhoutdisoovory. Gonorai Milos has sent a lottor to tbo hostiloa asking for a hearing. Tho Indians tore tho lottor to fragments and said 41 We want no treaty, wo aro hero to fight." Tho Indlona in tbo hostile oarap nnmborovor 4000 mon, womon and ohlldron, and ropresont ovory agonoy in tbo two Dakotas. , . » „ Denver, January 4.— Tho Army of Indians now snrroundod by Gonorai Milos soldiors ou tho Whito Clay orook nnmbor ovor 4000 mon, women and children. Most of thom aro from tho oppor Dakota reservations. Hundred of tho orowd are orazed with ghost dancing and will fight as Big Foot's mon fonght. Shots woro fired by plokola at uoarly ovory houso last nigat, banishing Bloop from all oyes. Fire arrows wero thrown into thoagonoy about miumgnc irom aravmuuwuc uy, uuKiwiiuu».«v foil harmless. Ilalf-brede and Rqnaw-mon aro leaving for tho railroad, saying they know what is comlog and don't nroposo to remain. This war will not ho ondod oxoopt by ono of tho bloodiest battles ia tho history of Indian warfare. . 