THE GHOSTS Mil BESAtfT HAS " SEEN".- " " Ill liis weekly letter MrAYalter Besant lias the following:—A very good ghost story;—one of a churchyard..and a phan tom funeral—has been printed in the Lii'erpwn IW, and copied in the Pall Mall Gazelle, where I saw it. Sly per sonal experience of spooks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first figure" I ever saw. was about six o'clock on an evening in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight; it became too. dark for me to see any longer, and I knocked off; as I turned from the .window I became aware that a female figure was in the room; it.made no sign, but it moved about noiselessly.As I looked it disajipeared. I was then living as a, bachelor iu chambers, and liiy outer door was closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another ex perience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northum berland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the 'midst of it—a villag built round the quadrangle of what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left; part of the" buildings; part of the wall; the quiet village enclosed .by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the parish elmreh; there were only two or three hundred people living here p out side ran and bahblcd the trout stream with its high bank covered with hushes and brumbies and .wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I took some tea or something, they talked to me about the past, the place was filled with echoes of the past; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in the bedrooms. A woiiderful place; nowhere else, in Eng land is there a liibre wonderful place. ; I drove hack and spent tlie evening alone 111 my inn, feuding certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at eleven o'clock went off to bed. Afy room'was a very old room, and tlie inn itself was at least three hundred years old. All this is in troduction in order to show jam why tho thing that I saw took'the shape that it did. Eor in the middle of tiie night I woke suddenly and sat up startled. I found the room perfectly 'light; the door, which I had locked, flew open, and thoro walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne costume, with tho pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the head and everything.' Nevcf before had I uudei-r stood: liow .beautiful was the Queen Anno dress. The ladies sitting down on eliairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, hut I leuow not what they said. Suddenly—it shames me to confess the thing—I'was :seizcd with a horrid' teixori I leaped from the bod, pulhal buck the curtains, and pulled up' tlie 'blind. It was. iil^qviv three in the moniii^g, aqd, twilmht. Then I : turned to' my visitors they slowly faded away. The light slowly Went" Qi\t "of the room; the fire slowly burnt1 low: tlie figures slowly became faint; tKey slowly vanished. AYho were they ? AAVll. You see fliat I have seen things. But 1 have ^ heard nqthUuj:; Kft cbuimuuicatioii ha§ over ingtlis'to nie frsiq th<i other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rub bish through; a medium, and I had to pay a pound for it. , 