A Queensland Romance. ['Commenced in the Evening News of Monday. April 20.] CHAPTER XI. At any time Dr. Hilston's dignity o? louiiug and air of distinction were noticeable, but never more so than when he stood up at the request of the magistrate to hear his decision respecting the charge against him of attempted murder. ' We have unanimously arrived at the conclu sion, Dr. Hiiston/' Mr. Willmot said, in a clear, penetrating voice, 'that there is no evidence before tbe Court on -which a charee of attempted murder can be formulated against you. .. In ofchet words the police have failed entirely to make out a prima facie case, and the charge must therefore fall through. I may add, however, that as, un fortunately, an air of suspicion became attached to certain of your actions in connection -with the deceased, Julia Crawford, we are prepared, -in order that a public opportunity may be afforded yon of clearing your actions of that air of sus picion, to hear any statement you may -wish to offer. At the same time, I must state that your declining to offer an explanation -win not affect the conclusion t* which I and my fellow-magistrates have come, namely, that 'a prima facie case has net been made out/' 'I am very glad, indeed, your Worship, to be allowed an opportunity to make an explanation/' Dr. Hiiston replied, in atone of quiet dignity. He then went on to give a concise account of all that had taken place between itimiuHf and the accused on board the steamer. If any suspicion had still lingered in the minds of those present, it would most cer tainly hare vanished by the time Dr. Hiiston concluded. There was a dig-nity and reserve in his manner «f his alluding to the dead woman, and a very apparent desire to cast no blame on her that by any possibility could be avoided, which altogether appealed very strongly to his hearers. It was impossshle for anyone to listen to him and believe him guilty. Even Mr. Griffiths, who held desperately to his preconceived opinion, gave way at last. Just as Dr. Hiiston finished, a strange police man entered the room and began a whispered conversation with- the sergeant; but, as every* one was waiting to hear the magistrate's dis missal of the case, his appeaxance attracted very little attention. ' Thank you, Dr. Hiiston ; both myself and my confreres consider your statement entirely satis factory. We congratulate you on the fact that this investigation has had the effect of entirely clearing your character of the suspicions enter tained, without actual cause, against yon. We have now nothing further to say, except that the case is dis— — ' If the latter part of the last ward was uttered by the magistrate, it was certainly not heard by any one present. The reason was thai just at that moment the sergeant, who had stepped for ward, said in an excited tone — 'Just one moment, your Worship — :just a moment! I — I have something to say — something that is absolutely necessary for you to hear be fore you conclude.' ' What is it, sergeant ? Be good enough not to keep the Court waiting,' the magistrate said, sharply. 'It is this, your Worship. Information has just reached me, which makes it necessary to ask you for a further remand.' ' But that is put of the question. The case is concluded. In fact we have dismissed the case, the charge not being sustained.' 'Tnen it will be necessary to lay £ fresh charge.' ' Well, what is the nature of the information you hare received ?' the magistrate said, some what angrily, adding— ' You hare an-eady been granted two remands, and you must therefore show very good reason in order to get a third.' : 'Will- your Worship be good enough to read this telegram? I have just this minute re ceived it.' ' Hand it up then.' | The telegram was passed up, read by each of the magistrates in turn, amid a hush of breath less expectation, and was then handed by Mr. Willmot to the sergeant, who as he did so said shortly — ' Bead it to the Court. Or, wait t Give it i» the clerk, and let it be placed before the Court as a reason for granting the remand, in the usual way.' The clerk took the paper, glanced through it, informed the Court that it came from a telegraph station adjacent to Solitary Island, and had been dispatched that morning. He then read as I follows : — 'Early this morning (Monday) the log book belonging to the Susan ilartin was found by the search party from Grafton. It is in a good state of preservation, having been tightly wrapped up in an oilskin overcoat. It contains information of the utmost importance relative to the picking up of Julia Crawford, alias Ferrers, after her disappearance from the City °f Brisbane. It has been dispatched by the steamer containing the search party to Sydney, and may be expected to arrive there early on Tuesday.' The hushed silence that had come over the Court remained after the clerk had finished. It was evident that something more was expected. And. when the clerk sat down a sense of disap pointment was felt throughout the court. The^inagistrates conferred together for some minutes, and then Mr. Willmot said — ' In spite of that telegram, we have come to the conclusion, that we have no option but to dis miss the case. A fresh information could, how ever, be laid if the receipt of the log bosk made it necessary to take that step. Certainly if the granting of the remand is opposed, we must dismiss the case ; there is no other course open tons.' At this stage Mr. Wellman, who had been engaged in conversation with Dr. Huston, rose, and said — 'At my client's desire I have decided not to oppose the granting of a further remand, if it is asked for. We are both so assured that tbe in formation in the log book must have the effect ol completely clearing Dr. Hiiston from every breath of suspicion that we are anxious for it to come before the Conrt, in order that the fullestpublicity possible may be given to it. I wish to ask, how ever, that the time granted be as short as possi ble.' ' That certainly removes the difficulty in th© way of granting a remand,' tbe magistrate re plied, adding as' he turned to the sergeant' — 'Will till to- morr«w be sufficient f ' ' It would be quite sufficient if I could be cer tain that the steamer would arrive in time,' he replied. 'We must chance that. The case therefore stands remanded till to-morrow at 10 o'clock/' the magistrate said ; and then, turning to the lawyer, added — ' Bail will be granted on Dr. Hilston's own re- ' cognisances and one other, to a total of £500.' J)r. Hilston's chief anxiety through all this was on his wife's account. She had turned very white at the moment the sergeant asked fox a re mand. And though she sat very still through all that followed, he knew that the revnMon of- feel ing she had undergone had brought her very near the point of fainting. She got up, however, when he waa.€r8e-fco come to h£jf. And she even waDceW -witli . tolsrsble firmness from tie court on his arm. But when she reached tbe carriage her sister cried out in alarm at the sight of her face, saying, 'Oh, what's the matter,- Meg ? Isn't the else over yet?' .-.-.- .- 'No, the farce is not quite flayed out, ™J dear. There's to be another aft, to- morrow,-' Mr. Halliday, whose face had grown' fea and wrathful, replied. .. For fuller information Jo had to wi^.tiU^bey were at home. For Maggie lay baSit: in the earriage so: white and exhausted that no one could speak of wha% had happened. 'My darling, is it just the disappointment because the case did not end t©rda.y which is troubling you? Or is there stanfitibing eiae?** Dr. HUston asked, when he and Maggie w**o 'There is something else, Harry. I*tii'&rnud; you wffl tWnfc me foolish tot iaroubling^StKrflt it. Bat the moment that jmin. stcttdi^rito^sE^mr a remand, a strong ?eejinj|f cinife, over jate^iFieijS1 t^isi; &6shimieery was in store ior-ns. ? It'beftame stronger when the telegcam^waB r^a.diitr. AncL ; th Hany.] ever sinoe, the ip∨ of it has been like an My hand pressing tm my b«B^/' %e_fla|d, witiiapittfalcfttohinlwrlwiii&V; 'THy^acfertBt, therft is 'nothing at all surprising in that-' Think what & strain there has been on your nerves for several days past, to say nothing of the terrible ordeal you went through so bravely this morning! Then, just a3 it seemed about to .end there was a fresh strain, laid upon them. Is it any wonder that your nerves ehWld-be unable to bear it? The wonder would be if they were,' Dr. Huston replied. 'Oh, I hope it is so, Harry { I do hope 'so. And I will-try and think it, too.' 'There spoke my brave, true-hearted girl,' he aid, adding, as he kissed her — ' There, my love, let the tears come. Don't try to keep them back. They will do yon good, for they are nature's own cure for overwrought nerves.' 'But Harry,' Maggie said, after a while, 'don't you think it would have been better to lat the case be dismissed, as the magistrate wished?' 'But darling, if I had opposed the remand, it would have looked as though I feared whatever evidence the log book contained. I would gladly have allowed the case to be dismissed, knowing that it would have eayad you pain. But dearest, . 70a wouldn't wiBh me to act as though I was afraid.' 'No, Harry — no! You are rights and, after all, it's only a little while to wait till to-morrow, and then the trouble will be at an end for ever.' Next morning Maggie still looked pale, though the expression of terror had left her face. And, f easing the ordeal of the court for her, Dr. Hil- . ston begged her to remain at home. ' I will do so, Harry, if you tell me to; but it will be worse for me — far worse — than going with you,', she said in so piteous a tone that he had not the heart to insist on it. ' 'Besides,. dear,' she added, seeing the signs of yielding in his faee, ' it will only be for a little .whale-^-not like yesterday at alL As soon as what is in the log book is read out, the case will be at an end, -will it not ?' ' Yes, dear. There -will be nothing further,' he said, adding, after a pause — ' Well, my love, I suppose you must have your way.' When they reached the court, and Dr. Hilston had taken his place near the table, he saw that his lawyer had not yet entered. But, as the magistrates had not taken their seats, he was not in the least anxious. Soon after Mr. Wellman, 1 with an air of having hurried, came in. j He bent down as soon as he reached the spot I where Dr. Hiiston was seated, and whispered — ! 'That confounded log book has not arrived j yet. But I believe the vessel has been sig- ! nailed.' { 'Then ite only a matter of an hour's waiting at the outside,' Dr. Hiiston calmly 'replied. 'Oh, but I want to have a look at ft before it comes into court. I don't want to be taken un awares, yau know.' ' Why, you won't need to cross-examine, it. H you had the writer here, it would be a dht»- oat matter,' ' Dr. Hiiston said, with something approaching a smile on his face. 'For all that, I'd Hke to have alaok at it before it comes into court — but I'm afraid there's no chance of that, now.' The magistrates came in booh after. The conrt j had already been packed with spectators. But ! it was not till the magistrates were seated that the sergeant came hurriedly in. He walked to his place as if rather out of j breath, and, after declaring the court open, j said— 1 'I must ask your Worships to wait a few i minutes before calling the case, Eegina v. Hiiston \ for hearing.' j 'Why so, sergeant?' the presiding magistrate' j asked. ' ? ' The log book is not yet to hand. But the j vessel that brought it is at the wharf, and I | expect it here in a few minutes,' the sergeant ! said, rather breathlessly. j Perhaps it was out of consideration for the sergeant's state, or it may be that he had reasons : of his own- but Mr. Willmot, instead of calling the next case on the list, said — 'I will give you ten minutes.' . j The sergeant bowed and left the court: The ! ten minutes' grace expired, and the magistrates j began to get fidgety, when at last the sergeant ! came in. His face wore such a peculiar expres sion that everybody looked at him with surprise. ! 'I wonder what it is. It's something that j he didn't expect evidently. Yet I'm blest if I can | tell what it is, or whether he likes it 'or not ! He just looks for all the world as if he'd seen a ghost,' Lawyer Wellman said to himself, glancing from a large book in the sergeant's hand to his face. And certainly it was both pale and awestruck. ' He afterwards confessed that he felt quite as upset as he looked. It was not that he had been without an expectation that the log book would furnish evidence in support of his case, or perhaps it was that he only wished it might do so. At any rate he was astounded with the actual evidence he found it to contain. ' Good God !' he exclaimed, after - hastily glancing through it, ' I could never really have believe! in the man's guilt, or I wouldn't feel like this, now ! I'm sorry, positively sorry, to see this proof that he is. Well, well, after that, I'll never be led away by appearance again.' Yet, when he came into court he studiously avoided looking at Dr. Hiiston. ' Well, sergeant, are you prepared to go on with the case now ?' the presiding magistrate said, looking at him as though puzzled by the change in his face. ' Yes, your Worship, yes. I will just hand in this log book, which on the p≥ dated April 12, has certain entries bearing on the case of Eegina versus Hiiston. There is also a statement attached which supplies further evidence of a very important character. I will just put them in and leave the case in your Worship's hands,' the sergeant replied ; passing up the book in question to the magistrate. But as he stepped back to his place there was still that persistent avoidance on his part of looking at Dr. Hiiston. Lawyer Wellman saw it, and though it puzzled him somewhat, it gave him the impression that it arose from vexation on ?finding the evidence in Dr. Hilston's favor. *' If s a virtual surrender of the case, I fancy,' he whispered to Dr. Hiiston. 'Yet he has had a surprise of some kind,' was Dr. Hilston's reply. A look of astonishment, which in turn gave way to gravity, came into the magistrate's face as he readjthe entries t© which his attention had been directed; and the same expressions were noticeable on the faces of the other magistrates, as they in turn looked at the book. 'What the devil's the matter now?' Mr. Halliday whispered excitedly to Mr. Morland. At last, after a short conference with his fellow magistrates, Mr. Willmot looked up — and it was noticed that he, too, avoided glancing directly at Dr.HHston. ' I must say that the evidence n©w before me has entirely changed tbe aspect of the case down for hearing. I shall place it before the Court in the usual way, and then if the counsel for the accused wishes for a remand, in order to bring re butting evidence, it will be granted.' ' What the dev ? ' began Mr; Halliday. But the hush of expectation -was so great that, over powered by it, he subsided into angry silence. A moment after the clerk was standing up, with an open book in his band, and then the hush be came more intense. He began to read, and people said after that when he paused for breath or to turn a page the silence was so profound a pin might have been heard to fall anywhere in the court. , (TO BE CONTtNUKD,) . [Commenced in the Evening News of Monday, April 20.] 