THE FIRST DEATH. (FROMt THE rIECUn.) La Farledo was a little village of- four or five hundred inhabitants between Amiens and Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in. spring -time, calm, silent, stretched along a wide road, its houses low, with roofs black and pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows and crowned by aforest of oaks, it was a counter part of all the other villages of Picardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, its window casings of white stone, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands athousand metres, more or' less, from the outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlets. La Farlede, at the moment this story opens, was ina hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying-around, had beenachieved at last. The municipal council which had so long hoarded the funds drawi; from the ratepayers for the purpose, had finally seen fit to purchase an ancient field, to wall it in, and to consecrate it to the well merited repose of the people of the country;: " and on and after the lost November, 18-," so the announcement read, " the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests." Naturally-enough, everyone gossipped and jested with his neighbour on the subject of the "elect" whowould point out the road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased- to a positiveriot when simu'taneously with the con-. elusion of the ceremonies' that made' of the ancient field a "Gottaker" haindbflls appeared on allthe walleiecludlngl the Maire,?to "the following effect: i ' ;." Whereas,-beinge'sond of m'sid and sound of body, I hereby declare-thatinorder to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of her who will be the first to inaugurote the new cemetery, I have placed in the- hands ofthe Maire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand france, to bs delivered to the family of the first inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps a better world, on and after this the. day of opening, November 1, 18-," " In witness whereof, -signed and sealed by myself, " . ,,JEea. B?rv ,,NEX." , In other words, the proprietor of the chfteau already described. formerly a Bohemian. of the artellers of the Boulevard Clinchy, and en riched by the decease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he still at times, as mi the matter of his hand bill, indulged in the same propensity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all ore; the village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselves, while others, more incredulous, ran to the MIaire to ask far confirmation of the same. "The fact is exactly as given," he responded, promptly; "there is no mistake about it. The money is in my hands, and will so remain,"' etc., etc. The announcement thus officially vouched for, everyone joyously returned to his home to begin at once the calculation of his chances-to take stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimatea their, average'longevity. It goes without saying that those of the inia bitants fortunate enough to have sick or very tedeatoves iiere-flled wtthtiiuasph, thesf Sof course' tht?'tritmphed secetly iand ira rilenee, whilst hs others-thoee whqae families weresound and healthy- werie foroed, to oon- fort themselves with the forlordhole of aancai dent, an nesapsetd. sicn ue.or slilea draluht of air. ,, S?bch'.l-sa' a on',, tLaking.of," rse?d. "badbeaes xtremayluddo; So-?ae l -o-1 - ,,ng .lnesa fatal; uncoed-or.dati - wma always, aseamlag," "ada these toss"ai -bltaelising pistoles danced a saraband in their dreams even when they fell asleep. " As for the Maire, poor man, life had become a burden to him because of the hourly deputa i;ons and avalanche of queiies to which he was forced to listen. . ty besourh . ' Mhust they be of thevilinge ?'-they besough t him hnxioisly, " or: was it stificient: to' be a': . siber. of the parish ? Did children count, or q relatives by marriage, or those whom death night take by violence r"-queries that plainly betrayed the villagers' anguisli of mind and hugely nmaused the donator. It is notevery day, as you know, that people give up the ghost in villages, and a whale weekf iassed by after the opening of the cemetery without nn event cf the kind occurring:- Still the brains of the people continued- to .be. over-:' excited, and every. one, from baker tobutcher5: 1 from curate to husbandman, laid off work from c time to time to measure with his eye, or calcin ate mentally, the additional goods or farming ' ground purchasablewith the moner-onlyv the' cafes were busier than ever. :. - : TDy the end of the-week the story.of the hand bills had become an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one, though. the villagers noi longer lowered their eves or voices when dis- I cussing the matter, and openly footed up the cbsqhq The family of a certain La Poiroaux' ,y'cl'non consent had settled it that they ' wero to be' the fortunate inheritors, for had they not among them, this family La.OPoireaux, an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of hiabst- alone-a wheezy, yellow, dried-up old mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bhask i the sunshine; and's- i' edemhi had long been-expected.. " But sometimes these aced ones live for ever," objected a malicious listener, "and this one showsano more signs of dying thii he has donofor six months past." : "All the same," added another,- 'it'is tho family La Poireaux whom the :aire has his eye upon." . . Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race .for, this money, La Farlede possessed no assaosin..;It was true thatthe ailing and very? aged ,had become a centre of interest to 'every one in the family, for they would be able, if accommo dating, to leave behind them a snug little; sums yet no one dreamed of accelerdting..their. departure.. , - ., the interest was equally absorbing--a harsh cough, a laboured breathing bringing the ear upon the alert in an instant. Coughs: and difficult breathings were harbingers of inflam mation of the lungs, and iuflammation,of. the lungs, as every one. knew,. took its. victim quickly. If another onehada red. foes or an indigestion they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an ilvalid from.birth, and began to recover from the moment of the proclama tion, was cut off with a shilling in;the will of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had previously been. The entire village at the expiration of this same week was pale 'and emaciated. Even: those who had. scoffed the loudest at this waiting for dead men's shoes no longer slept tranquilly; drunkards drank twice as much as they had drunk before: the avaricious cursed in secret; while the sick, on the contrary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ring ing the bell, seemed to vie with each -other in the haste of their recovery. On the morning of the 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring out, instead of the morning Angelus, and the people, falling over each other in the darkness. and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the beadle (as usual), full as a thrush, more dazed than ever from brood ing upon the promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung -with out reason. Truly it was time .this business' should end, or they would all be as mad as the beadle. Ah, well, there lived at this time in La Farlede a poor and unfortunate peasant, married, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth yrear, the had run through every country of the world, to return at last, vanquished, to his native village. He was a good fellow, gentle, affectionate, dreamy, and inoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for himself or family in a country where the struggle with the earth was hard and endless. His slender frame took badly to the labour of the fields, and he possessed- no other resources. Miser and want encom passed the household, and each evening before the smoking cinders the wife cried in undress ing the chilgdren, and he, tortured and cowed by a sense of weakness and failure, writhed in. secret. The placard of the painter Bitumineux had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Nay, more than that, it had given him an idea.'What if he should be the one to leave ten thousand france to his wretched family ? It would lift them above want for ever; they wouldbe able with the money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery -perhaps a more pretentious shop. His wife was intelligent, industrious-she would surely prosper at the business. He saw them already, -'ti?ien u ¶5?ir? gz? ''m the bay later on employed in a bank, the girl married' to a eommssaore. That evening he embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than ?esual, mur muring as he watched them laid upon their scanty straw, ' "I will doit-I must do it';' it is my duty."' The idea that had come to him with the reid ing of the placard, and born of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was the' re habilitation of all his disastrous enterprises, the atonement for the sorrow that he brought upon his family. But, oh, the agony of parting from these beings so tenderly loved, whose wel fare and happiness he could secure at last; but secure only by one means I ' . '. ' He went out to walk for a while in the 'em browned fields, the yellowed forest,'but the rustling of the dead leaves that his foot pushed aside sounded to him like the rustling' of a shroud; sobs burst from his anguished breast as he regarded 'the wide heavens;.' the valley full of shadows, andthelittle village that held his all. ' For a long time 'he hesitated. Perhaps chance would deliver him-perhaps it would not be necessary to take his life in order that they might live, that they might have fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had assured himself bytalking with a neighbour, who had questioned taire, that suicides would count in this unreal play. Of course he must kill him self-to wait longer was to permit the chance that as yet was his to he grasped by another. He took his gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body-a wood-cutter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the news-the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero. The women sought to spit in his face; while the towes council itself waited upon M.?Ditumineux to demand of him' that the money should not be' paid to the family of such a trickster. The painter responded by adding tein thou sand more to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow and her children. "It was my fault," he told himself, 'deeply moved by the tragedy-" my fault, and but for me the thing would never have happoned.'". The faire alone and the gendarmes, whom it had been necessary to call upon before thebody of the martyr could be laid Cu the ground, fol lowed it to its last resting-place, and that same day "the oldwreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed to their last account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the whole of Picardy, and upon his' tomb one reads the inascription cut there :bhya cuning but sacrilegiou i ansd during the dark. ess of ths niight tlfter the intersehit) : .. Theedifchqef fe/ rf. :'- : 