THC MERCURA. j ' BOBAJIT: THURSDAY, JULY IS, 1891, EPITOME OF NEWS. General mooting of V.D.L. Bank to-day. Hobart railway workshops are to bu re moved to South Glenorchy. Nominations for vacancy in Oatlands Road Trust close to-day. 1 Tasmanian Harriora meet at Bellerive on Saturday. Essendon footballers arrived at Launceston yOBtorday. La Mascotte at the Theatre Royal to-night; positively last night of soasen. Commercial Bank pays dividend at rate of 20 per cent per annum. Rev. Nugent Kelly inductod as incumbent of St. John's at Launceston last evening. Increased electiic light«' at Parliament House work steadily and woll. Vice-Regal patronage at Theatre Royal this evening. Programme of Campbell Town races pub- lished for October 28. Six events. Co-operative Dairy Co. meeting at St. Mary's on Saturday next. Caledonian Choral Society social, this evening at 7.30. The Brickfields at North Hobart'will be handed over to the district for recreation purposes. ' V Hobart Ministers' Association meet to" night in Collins street Church. Addresses by Revs. G. Clarke and R. W. Thompson . Union Co have purchased two line steamers in England, the Queen and the Victoria, for Launceston and Melbourne trade Secretary of Govornmont Technical School invites applications from students for litho- graphic work. Grain speculation interdicted in Russia. The R.M.S. Ormuz passed Cape Otway at 9.15 last night inward bound. Austria and Roumania barring their doors against Russian Jews. Í Hew Zealand Antimony Co.'s mine will be worked by local shareholders. , New Zealand Trust and Loan Co. pays 10 percont. dividend. New South Wales Parliament opened. Mr. Dibbs appointed leader of Opposition. Unionist shearers in Now South Wales again assaulting Free men Damage from floods in Melbourne estimated I at £250,000. Next meeting of Presbyterian Federal As- sembly will be held at Adolaide. - Labour party Btarting an evening paper in Brisbane. Jubilee of Punch to-morrow, it having been foundod on 17th July, 1811. West Australian loan nearly trebly applied for. 1 Government grant, E2Í.00D, in aid of British exhibits at the Chicago Exhibition. Strike among building trade still extend-, ingin England. The men demand 40s per «reek, and eight hours labour per day. ~ ' Estimated cost of adopting eight hours' system in South Australian Government ser- vice £40,000 por annum. , -~ -¡ i Danken, th« American who murdered his« wife on a Welsh mountain has boBii acquitted as insane. 1 Sir Henry Parkes uriring -Sydney pasto- ralists to grant áheaiam' Union a conference. Pastoralists! still' maintain that freedom of contract mult be conceded. . M " The pip: of lead like pressure " of the iuiineiiso stupidity of party politicians, and especially of those politicians who. claim to be more liberal than other's, is enough, to make tliB honest worker leave public-life in despair, and the schemer believe that anythiug ' is pos- sible to him. Some such sentiments are naturally called forth by the course which Queensland has /adopted in regard to the Defence Vote. That course is the more disheartening and degrading, because it had the support of men and newspapers who might have been expected to know better, and both who and which,we aretempted to say, must have known better. If they did not, we can only wonder at the blindness of those who are supposed to lead ¡«and if they did, we have wide field in which to moralise over the degrading and foolish manner in which popular cries are pandered to, and the unblushing way in which i the false is put for the true. When this Defence Vote was pro- posed some years ago Queensland's share of it being £15,000 a year, there was an outburst of what is called Nationalism both in New South "Wales and Queensland, but in the former the folly was confined to a few persous aud one or two papers. Oue paper, indeed, did discover, that to pay so much as one penny to Great Britain as a contribution towards de- fence, was to revive the feudal system in these colonies. (We have failed to discover the aualogy between the two things, inasmuch as tinder the feudal system service was compulsory, "the basis of title to land, whereas the con- tributions of these colouies are the outcome of a policy deliberately adopted by themselves. Moreover, hhpi-e is not even bo much as the shadow oí.the complaint., which the American colonies Mmade,r namely, that tl.oj were taxed without their consent, although they were always quite willing to vote, and did vote, any money that was requh ed to pay for their defence. In New South' Wales the LegislaUue did not share in this view, but voted the propoifciou of that colony, as did all the 'other colonies except Queensland. In the Legislature of that colony there was a determined opposition, based on1 tlier strange assertion' that Great Britain was bound to piotect her own commerce. It was asserted and, what is still more won- derful, believed, that the ships -which sail tto and from these colonies represent British commerce, not colonial at all, and that if they aie captured it is Great Britain that will suffer, not-the colonies. The natural deduction from this bold state- ment was, that it was a sort of swindle to ,ask the colonies to bear any portion of the expense of naval defence, as tliey had do interest in the matter. These same bold assertors declared that they were prepared to defend their own shores, but they would not put out their might, or pay out their money, to help Great Britain to defend her commerce on the sea. The defence of the Queensland ports without some help from the British fleet would, we think, be a very lame piece of busiuess, , even against a couple of Chinese iron- clads of modern type, and we fancy that the bold Nationalists would soon cry out for, possibly demand as British subjects, the very assistance which thev Dretended to despise. As for the commerce, if a few wool ships or ships with Queensland gold were captured, it would not be difficult to discover whose commerce was being injured, and what interest the colonies had in the patrolling of the main routes of communication by an effi- cient fleet. Stupid as those assertions seem at the present time, stupid as they always seemed to calm thinkers everywhere, tliey parsed current iii Queensland, and the result was, a blank refusal to vote the subsidy. But, the strange part of the business is, if anything 1 can be considered strange < which popular bodies do, that to-day these anraments or-assertions are forgotten, and the statement is -made-, that I the subsidy is to bo paid towards the protection of the commerce of the colony. What is more, this new view is being strongly urged by the very persons and papers that a few years ago weie most soornful of the proposal to pay money t) help Great Britain, and the papers are urging that the vote, which has been proposod once again by Sir Samuel Griffith, should bo passed without delay. The'ieasons given for this are instructive. It is urged, as against, some who have given notice that they mean to íesist the Bill.that if it is rejected Sir Samuel Giutfith will have a right to appeal to the country, and that the country I will be. _ with him. This is a very striking admission, hecauso at the last general election Sir Thomas M'Imvraith carried all before him with opposition1 to this vote as his chief item of "policy, and he was heartily supported by those who now deprecate strongly any opposition. It is further urged that a dissolution at the present time would be disastrous, as the country is torn by disorder, and is sufferiug severely from the con- test between^abour^and capital. ' We see that it is 'stated that Sir Thomas M'Ilwhaith has also altered his opinion. Whether his íecent visit to the Mother-Country, has helped the change we cannot .say, but it is not ira-i probable that he has learned some things which he did not know before, and seen'some others in a very different light. He now declares emphatically that this vote ,mustj not be, allowed to stand in'.the way of/ Australian unity, though how it so stands we are not told. If (the vote was all(that it was said to be in the course of. Sir Thomas M'Ilwbaith's campaign' there does not appear to be any jeason why it should be accepted now,but' if it was not, as appears from the" I admissions made, then that campaign was conducted, under false pretences, and the people, were misled by those who should have been their guides and their best advisers. And, here, we have revealed to us a new danger in this ga«e of party politics. It is not too much'to say that some of the worst prejudices and follies of the people of Quesnsland were pandered to by the leading men in ordei to win a victory .iustead of giving the calm, wise, far-sighted counsel that should have been given. The worst part of the business is, that the people -will accept the change without injJihe least-being aware that they have been befooled, and .without losing confidence in the men -who led them astray Obseivers may be astounded at thej immense stupidity that is displayed,^ but the public and politicians do not mind, and are ready to blunder again' in happy forgetfulness of the past, and all that it might teach them1. __ ' ,lJ The Poriî.îu his recent Encyclical Letter^ for the authorised translation of which wo have to thank the Catholic Archbishop, deals in no uncertain manner with thoso societies which seek to interfere with the freedom of labour. He Bays, in re- ferring to associations-"There is a good deal of evidence willoh gjeg to -prove that many of these societies are in the hands of invisible leaders, and are managed on pilnciples far from compatible with Chris- tianity and the public well-being ; and that they do their best to get into their bauds the whole field of labour, and to force workmen to join them or stnrve Under these circumstances Christian workmen must do one of two things, either join associations ia whian rheir reliijiou will be exposed to peril,-or form associations among themselves-unite their forces and courageously Bbukc off the yoke of an unjust and intolerable oppression. No one who does not wish to expose man's chief good to ox treme dinget will hesitate to say that the second alternative must by all means be adopted." In this we have the full recogni- tion of the right and the desirability of association on the part of workingmen, a right and desirability which may be said to have beon fully recognised by all parties at the piesent dny, but the r?al difficulty is. that aasooiatiutis hitherto have sought to be- come dictate s andrcfusotoothersthcliberty which they ntlr for themselves. This is the aspect of tri1* fc-ij.nur Question whfch will have to be rougit out nil over tho -world, for it is 'the voi y b isis of nino-tcnths of the labour orgau'sations, whi.h assert that free- dom of action means ruin to the working men. Bj' the workiogmen, we must remem- ber they mean those m ho belong to their organisations, and those only, and they do not seem to be ablo to see that others are workingmen also, whose in- terests, may b- diffcient from theirs, and whose rights are, beyond all doubt, on a level with their own." The business of the' State must he to secure absolute frefdom of action to, all, so that they may seek their [ good in their own way, and this is ptecisely I what the Labour Party is bent on trying to prevent. When Sir Henry. Parkes returnod from a visit to England some years ago, he gave utterance, in the course of a public address to a phrase, to thu effect, that the colonies " had little to learn from the Mother Country " in all the elements of national life ThiB excited in many quartan a great deal of cmtroversy and the venerable statesman was subjected to a cous'derable amount of ridicule and abuse ; but it would appear, us the years roll on, that his remarks were not very fir from being the absolute truth. Testimony, is to be obtained on every hand of the honour- able position Australia has reached during the coinpurtively short perioditliasaoknow'edgod the suay of Britain; and there is also ample evidence that in many respects the communities in these southern lands are absolutely leading the world in the race of p-ogreaa. Dr. Bevan, the distin- guished minister of the Independent Church in Collins- street, Melbourne, is the latest witness to Australia's progress in a direction which will, undoubtedly, seriously affect the race in this part of the world. Speaking at a distinguished gathering in the chief city of the Empire, on Monday last, he told his auditory that in the colonies religion enjoyed great advantages undei the voluutary system, and that in the limiter of education Great Bi ¡tain was years behind the colonies. While »e Australasians should receive with all modesty such worthy testimonials ; yet we should never foi get that wo have u great deal to be proud of, and that eacli should strive in whatever position he may be placed to bring about the consummation nil I patiiotio citizens hops and expect to boc attained, viz , Australasia rivalling, if not surpassing, in grandeur, greatness, and freedom, the first nations of the world. J Non mi ricordo was tho cant phrase arising out of the famous trial of Queen Ohailotte i ?"" F~^ v= | t-fai many years agn£|á which a valet (apperina as witness, but wai afflioted with à sudden lapse of memory. Even ,tho boya got hold of the phraao, and it became curront in the street« of London. The Brighton oloction case seems likely to be something similar. "I do not remember" is tho constant refrain from people in the witness box Never, perhaps, in the annals of our local Courts has suoh & general lapse of mcmoiy prevailed. It would seem that all the good peop'e of Brighton lived and thought and had their being merely in to-day, and that the past ia all oblivion. Happy people ! Happy country ! Why should the past bo remembered when it brings no profit* Why should questions be asked con- cerning things that everyone has dc oidod to forset? 7f, as philosophers assert, speech ia given to conceal thoughts, w hy ahould memory be racked and tortured in the task? Free and indopendont electors, to whom the sanctity of the ballot is as a mere superfluity, com- pared with the delights and excitement, the incidental spreo aud the possible future recognition of favours receive 3 in a con- tested election, scout the idea of being asked the why and the wherefore «f their actions when " reasons plentiful as black berries" bid them hold their peace. To expoot direct evidenco in suoh a case ¡b plao ng too muuh faith io human perfection. The Judges will have to trust to their own acumen, and , ! ' " Of triidom and of reach t ' "With wmdtaccsmnd wlih assays of b'aa ! ' ' Bj- Indirections find directions out " " I - i "Tue Safety of Defences Act, 1891," is among tho^'first bitch ol Bills laid bofore Parliament for the current session. It is : proposed to rendor it unlawful for any person, whether a British subject or an allon, to make any sketch, drawing, photo, graph, picture, or painting of any battery, field-work, or, fortification in Tasmania, or of any portion thereof, without the previutis permi'sion in writing of the Minister ohirged with the administration of the defences of the colony. Any such permission shall ob arly and expressly state the nature of the sketches which may bo made, and tile ' placo or places. ' Offence against the law will render the offondor liable to penalty or imprisonment. Penalties will alto be in ' Aided upon anyone entering a battery, field-work, or fortification with materials or apparatus for sketching, draw- ing, photographing or painting in his possession with the iutcution of com- mitting any breach of the Aot, and an j one trespassing may bo summarily removed and made -subject to fine. - Any officer or member of the Defence Force or officer'of the Civil Service, who communicates to any person, otherwise than,In the course of his official du'y, any plans, documents, or other information relating to any battery, field-work, or fortification in Tasmania, or to any othor defences ot the co'on'y, will ha guilty of a misdemeanour, and . liable to imprisonment .and. fine The terms of im prisunment undor tho Act extend to three months, and tho fines to £100, and offences may be dealt with summarily by any two or I more Justices of the Peace. , The Brickfields.- A deputation from North Hobart waited upon the Minister of Lands and Works yesterday to ask that the land at North Hobart known as the Brick- fields be handed over to the inhabitants of that portion of the city for recreation pur poses. The Minister stated that the Govern ment had had an idea of utilising the land for railway purposes, but after consideration the proposal had been abandoned, and he was therefore able to comply with the wishes of the deputation. A proclamation will shortly be issued defining the boundaries of the district in accordance with the Public Recreation Grounds Act, and the residents of the district will then be called upon to elect trustees to act with those appointed by the Governor-in-Council. Kailway WoBKSHors.-The land and buildings contiguous to the railway terminus at Hobart arc not considered suitable for ruilway workshops, and it is therefore proposed to erect the ueoes ary bui'dings at South Glenorchy, somewhere neir the vicinity of the old racecourse. This decision has been arrived at after a thorough con- sideration of the who'e of tho circumstances conneoted with tho various proposals that have been made. Electric Light, Pakliament House. A trial of the improvod elootri . lighting apparatus at Parliament House was made last night. Since last session u great altera- tion has "been mado in this most important adjunct to the proper conduct of busineos. The old engine, the revolutions of which were at the best uncertain, has been re Íilaced by a Westinghouse automatic rogu ating encino of 15 h.p. This, as Mr Henry, Superintendent of Telegraphs, pointed out to the Minister of Lands during the recess would allow him to take full advantage of the powern of tbe dynamo, and increase the number of lights fiom 38 to 100 without additional e> pense. Mr. Henry has done this and the place is now thoroughly lighted. The dreary looking gas lamps in the lobbies, passages, and officers' rooms have given filuce to the, more btilliant incindcscent amps, which stud an extremely steady light. The whole of the wiring, e c, has 'been carefully attended to by Mr Self, electrician to the Telegraph Department, Mr. McAllister, fitted np the bras^ work, and Messrs. Kenuody and Soub erected the engine and turned ic out in good working order. Safety fuses hav o also been fixed, which, in case of an undue amount of cur- rent on any one circuit, would indicate same by funi'ig. and thus out off the c irront from the defect he circuit, preventing what might otherwise prove a sei io us accident. L ist night's trial proved the thoroughness of the. work. The light was extieinely Bteády,'and tho class of shade seloutcd such as will minimise any possible injury that might rcsu't to the eyes. 'llio,e whose duties compel their constant attendance at the House, will fully appreciate the im- provements. XT Employmukt ok Womjjn ani> Children. -The Bill to Amend the Women and Children Employment Act, 1884, provides that the Governor-in-Council nuy, by notice in Oasctte, appoint inspector or inspectors of factories iur any city,1 town, rural municipality, or district, and every inspector so appointed «hall i have ali the powers and < duties conferred or im posed by the Act oi 1881 upon any superin t-ndeut or chief officer of polioc, whose powersTiud duties under such Act shall not be exercisable during the cou'inuanec iii office of any inspector so appointed. Sec- tion C of. the Act of 1884 is to bo repealed, and in ' lieu thereof the following Buhsti' tuted : - "No peison shall employ any woman or child for moro than eight hours in any one day except us hereinafter men- tioned " The new JVcr nnd the Act of 1884 are to be read and construed together. "WALCH'S LlTERARY iNTELLIGENCER."— This publication has been issued for the current month, and, as usual, ia full of in- formation of its own especial class. A con- densed report of the recent University Ex- amination forms part of the contents. Tasmanian Poultry Society.-A general meeting of members was held last evening at the Mechanics' Hall, Mr. E. Gifford in the chair. The secretary submitted the committee's report referring to tiie follow- ing Bubjects :-The granting of full privileges tj Bubsoi ibera of 5s. and upwards, and also to donors of special prizes ; the adoption of single exhibits in the pigeon and poultry clauses ; the efforts n >w being made to ob- tain from the Manager of the Govern- ment Railways further concessions in train fares for exhibitors and exhibits, especially dairy produce Arrangements for the Homing Match, and the granting of prizes, £2 2s. and a gold model f ir the first, I£l Is fur the second, and 10s. 6d. for the third. Alteration of regulation No. 5 to nnrmil »vliihi». fo »in Hnlivrpd at tlip PV. hibition bui'ding on the night preceding the Show, so that the judging may be expedited. Increase of sprcml piizes from 90 in the previous year to 122. Falling off in adver- tisements on the authorised catalogues, and hope being expiessed that these would be increased to aid the Society in reducing present debt. Some* elisuunfaioii ensued on thepiopost-d ultcrution of iule 5, and the meeting then clo&ed.; Oatlamjs Road TbiiST. - Nominations , will be received by tho chairman (Mr. Wm. Burbury) up till to elay at 4 o'clock, at the i Oatlands Town Hall, fur the clcuiionof a trustee to supply the \acuucy caused by the j I rc8¡gnat:ou of i\lr. J. W. Lord. j , ¿STRUT. - Our usual Launceston parcel cabuiuing correspondence, etc , as alto files per Melbourne Bteamer, did not como to hand last night, mr any explanation aa to cause of delay. S.T.A. and P. Society_We are re quested to atete that as the committco of this Society ia now engaged in preparing the schedule of prizes for the next show in October that any advice or suggestions on the subject will be appreciated, and will, if kent in at once to the lion, sec, be p'accd before the next meeting of the committee Members or those desirous of offering special prizes for competition in Octubcr should mtima'c their «ishfs at once, so that the prizes may be included in the annual schodulo, which is to be issued next wock. Cur Pouce Cooiit.-Bcforo Mr, W, Tarleton, Polico Magistrate, yesteidiy, Henry Itchens, chargea with deserting his wife and children at Launceston, was re- manded for a week, pending Ms escort to that city. A penalty of Sa. or seven days was imposed on John Hawkes for dicturbing the peace. [Mr. W. M. Williams, J P., hero took a seat on rho bench.] John Sullivan was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for stcaUng eight towels and four aprons, fie properly of the landlady of the Sydney Hotel. George Watson and John Bell pleaded not guilty to destroying « picture, vase, and other articles, the property of Mary Ann Turner, on the 7th lust. Mr. D. H, Crisp (Crisp and Criip) apponred for Bell. The evidence for the complainant, given by her and a woman named Murphy, was to ttin effect that defendants visited ojmplninant's house early in the morning of the 7th ins t., knocked, obtained admission, and behaved in an unruly manner. The witness Murphy ejected the yonng fellows, who, when in the street, threw two stones and did the damage complained of. Bell, in defence, stated he was not with Watson on the, night of the 6th in st. or the morning of the 7th, and was not at Tnrucr'b house on tho occasion referíod to. Watson cal ed Edward Taylor, who said he was with the defendant until about a quarter to 11, on the night of the 6th, whi-n Watson arrived at horns. George Watson, defendant's fithcr, said h d son was at home before 11 o'clock, and did not go out again that night. Tne defendant, Watson, also gave evidence that he was at home at 11 o'clock. Hie Bench dismiss, d the i. formation as there wits doubt cn tj tho identiiy of the defendants. The Court rose at 1230. I '. La Mascotte."-A matinée performance of La Mascotte was given yeBterday after- noon, in the prcsonce of a numerous audience, mainly composed of ladies and children, and it passed off to the evident satisfaction and pleasure of all. In tho evening the theatre was fairly patroniBoa to , witness tho performance of La Mascotte, and judging by the hearty applause and frequent recalls, it met with as much favour as on the preceding night. Tho principals were unuiuully good, both in acting and singing, and Miss Beryl Mackay, who enacted the part of Pippo for the first time, made an excellent impressio <, although it was evident she had not qm'e rec jverad from the attack of influenza from which she huB suffered Misa Lily Stopnens was twin« recalled for her solo " Old Madrid," which was most agreeubly Bung, and Pippo and Bettinu's two duets were equally warmly recoi\ed. AU tho chorus s were well rendered, the time and tuna being excellent, and the mutdeguen with sprightliness ^nd vim. U.idèr the uble direction of Mr. Tom Pollard, til- who'e performance pas ed off in a manner reflecting credit on all concerned. It wasanuounced, at the close pf the per- formance,' that us the , steamer leaving fur New Zealand had been unublo to get away from Melbourne at the time appointed in consequence of floods, the company will be detained until ti-morrow. They will there- fore einbruco the opportunity of' repeating La Maxcotte this evening. Gekald and Dltjt's Dramatic Company. \- Mr. Walter Price, mamger for Mes rs. Gerald undDuffB Dramatic Company ar- rived in Hobart yesterday to make arrange- ments for Mr. Grattan Higgs' season, com- mencing on Monday next. The first drama to be produced Mill bd the Irish Detective', in which Mr. Bigga has won golden opinions for hisciccellent characterisation. In addition to the company Mr. (i K. Melville, the p pul ir ucor, will appear, the company ar-i now playing at Liunceston to splendid business. They are certain to meet with a. good roception here. '* The White Garland."-A concert, followed hy an operetta entitled The While Garland, was given in the Trinity HM scboolroum last even'ng. There was a very large attendance. The following waa the pro- gramme :-Song aud chorus, " Put on the golden sword," Mr. T. Gibbons ; readiug, ' The Bashful Man," Mr. W. Carlsen ; ?ong, " Love's old sweet song," Mr. Kella way ; coruet duet, M'ssrs. White und Torry ¡ song, Miss Fa "coner ; recitation, " Edinburgh after Flodden," Miss Pedder; song, Misa Hill ; piano solo, Miss Flu Jones ;- chorus, " Forget and f-jigive," children ; recitation, Miss C. Featherstone ; song, " Old and new," Miss Ayton ; recita- tion, '* How Jane Conquest Raug the Bell," Mhs E Lear ; piano solo, Miss Aytou ; song, "The Vicar of Bray," Mr. Kullaway, 7Vie While Garland is an operetta basod on school life, and was performed very credit- ably. The chief characters weio :-Queen, Miss .ii. Piesse ; punctual scholar, Miss T. Lear ; tardy do., Master A. Grahame ; per- severing do.. Miss M. Gooding ; quarrel- some do , Master W. Williams ; generoua do., MissE Coombe; soltish do., Muster W. Soofield. Miss l'iesBo sang well, und was quite a success as the Queeu. Misses Piesse and Rigby mid Mr. T. Gibbous tutored the children in their respectivo parts. Chalmeiis LitisBaby Association.-The ordinary weekly meeting is announced for to-night. The ladies aro responsible for the programme, which includes a " Reminiscence of a visit to St. Petersburg." With recita- tions and anonymous essays this should oomltinc to make proceedings attractive, ami induce a large attendance of friends ona vi-itora Bbeam Cheek and Kellevie.-Our looal ennespondont writeB that the recent heavy rains have flooded all the creeks and water- ways, but no serious damage lins boon done. Miss A. Dunbabin is arranging for a concert to be held towards the end of the present month, at Bream Creek, the receipts to be 'devoted to obtaining au organ for the use of the ohuroh there. The motion of Dr. Crowther's in the Assembly re keeping op n of Teleprnnh OÍBugb or rather the unmvor. mg of all important communications for the service of medical men has been received here with 'every satisfaction. Only the other night u resident in the district had to rjde upwards of ,20 miles to get the assist- ance of a medical man ; whereas, if he could have' sent a message through, such could have boen p-ocurred iu one-quarter of the time, and much anxiety as well as pain averted. | SniPWBioHTS' Point.-On Friday, 10th ¡list., Cup'ain Evans, of Huddart Pal ker and Co., met the fruitgrowers of the Point at Hospital Bay, Glaziers Bay, and Wattle Grose ' Ho read several extracts from letter und papers as to preseut and future prospocts of tho fruit trade. At the clos of tho meeting it was rt solved on tbo motion of Mr. VV. Hynds to form a brunch of the Huon Fruit Association, meetings to be held once a month on the first Monday bef01 e the full moon, at 7 o'olock, (he next mooting beiug fixod for Monday, 17th August. Captain Evans received the thanks of the meeting for his presence and help The Rachel Cohen is expected ut Hospital Hay to take in a caigo of timber for New Z-aland ports. The mills have a great quantity on hand. Co-opkbative DAiRr Company -A meet- ing of those interested in the formation of a Co-operative Dairy Company is announced to be held at the Wesley Hall, St. Mary's, nu <3«Hii-i1iiv n»vt lHfh (nut At 9 n m Tue Ruling Passion.-A man must be an inveterate advertiser (writes " Atticus " in tho Leader) who does not slacken his efforts in the presence of death. Dr Barney's will is a testament that should make the shade of Barnum feel more shady thun c»er, and cause the ghost of Holloway to extinguish itself in ointment. There is a touch of genius in a mun bequeathing £1,000 to the Dean end Chapter of Canterbury Cathe- dral conditional on his name being posted up iii the aisle for ali time, and ordering thut t u tuoney shall be kept from them ii they decliie to be bribed. Then nil the scholar- ships throughout the world are to b : lickeUd with the distinguished cognouiou, us also the institute for working men, where uie to be enshrined the " medical diplomas, in litary decoration«, illuminated addresses, certificates, licenses, testimonials (including, I presume, those purchased and piid for by tile deceased, though ostensibly given by grateful patients), gold medals, together with crest, se up book, two volumes of Men of the Time, u photograph of the teBtator in fancy diese, his gold (over again) and silver medals, several portraits of himself in oils," otu , etc. To what a pinnacle of self-conceit ,u pjur human crcatuie must attain before be would venturo to have a document of this bort to be read over his nioaldering corpse ! I Bank of Van Diembn's Land.-The ordiuary gcniral meeting of this company will bo held at the banking-houso at the corner of Elizabeth and Collins strtois to- day at noon. Frkx'cii in one Lesson.-The Paris coi re« spondcnt of thc\Daily Té/egruph'TODOrâe an* extraordinary pioco of luck which bofol an Englishman attending the Auteuil jacas. Owing to his faulty pronunciation his money was placed upon a horse which ho had not intended to back, but w boll carno in first, and ho won ov.r 61,000f. Tue Loan of'a Wah.-An1 application for leave to ib-fond an action of if, W, Taylor v Herman Kock, brought to' recover ¿89 balanoe dne on a promissory noto for £189, « us made a few days ago in Melbourne to Mr, JuB'içç Molesworth in Chambers. Tho facts disclosed in an ufudwïv m»d« by tî)9 defendant «ero that he rented a small hall on the ground floor of premises in Collins street south, between Elizaboth-stroct anti Queon streoi, from Taylor, at a rcntul of £02 10s. per month, for the purpose of an art gallery.-W hilo the plaintiff was in occupation th j Cominero al Bank next door was pulled down, and it was thon found Unit the south wall of the picture gallery belonged to the bank, and that tho owntr of the land upon which the gallery stood had no tit'e to the strip upon which the wa'l was built. As a number of tenants besides Mr. Koek were inoonvmioncod by thÎB discovery, negotiation« were commencod for. tho oree tion of a new wall, but without any result, and at longth the contractor for the eroction of the new bank gave notice that ha would proceed to pull dawn the old wall. At this time the plaintiff had pictures in'his gallery of the value of £7,000 He wus obliged to sell someDf those at a loss, and remove the remainder. Tho wall was pulled dow u in Fobruary lost. The note auod npon was given in payment of rent of the hall. His Honor gave leave to the doloudant to enter an appenrunce and defend the action. TnE Value op Advbrtisino -In Mel b urne a few days ago Mr. Justice Moles- worth gave his rescr.od decision on an ap- plication for an interim injunction in an action of tho Australian Advcrlixing Com- pany (Limited) _p. Thomas Thorp. The Slamfcigsjjud brought an action against the ofendantfor"breach of an agreement, nudo in 1882 when ho and one Herbort sold their bi 1-posting business to Mr. Isaac Buff, not to re commence business within 50 miles of Melbourne lu April last, Mr. Rolf Bold the business for £13,000 and as- signed the agreement to the plaintiffs. The defenduut was now admittedly carrying on business as a bill-poster and advertising agont in Stewart-Btreet, Richmond. Tho defence to the acton was that the agree- ment of 1882 was improper, and in restraint of trad* The plaintiffs sought to obtain an injunction to restrain the defendant' from p irsuing tho business in which ho was engaged, pending the trial of tho action. The defendant resisted the application ' for, an injunction on tho ground that if'it wera granted his businoss would' be 'suspended, and he would 1- se his connection. His Honor s'tid that he came to the conclusion that tho, plaintiffs were entitled to an ¡injunction, which he granted, the plaintiffs giving, the UBual uudci taking as to dauiaucsin theovent of their being unsucacstful. Costs to bo coBts in the cause. , Somb Plain Speakino on the Diiikk Tuafkic -We have boen requested to ¿pub. lish the following paragraph from a Scotch journal of recent date, ai throwing light upon thn many conflicting statements made concerning the drink traffic ir-The Aber- deen Towu Council on the, motion of Dein of Guild MacDouald, on Monday udopted a motion dooluring that whereas it appeared from the polico'reports that the drink traffic was still on the mcrcaso,, notwithstanding the diminution that had recently taken place iu the number of licences grunted, a remit be made to* the Lord Provost's Committee to oonsider the question, and report as to the practicability of introducing somo scheme of a reformatory and curative cha- racter for the control and treatment of habitual drunkards The Dean, in support of tho motion, made a long", speech, which occasionally elicited laughter , among the members. Many of the Magistrates, be said, unquestionably believe they are doing a good thing to the cause of temporáneo by reducing the number of licenses. They are mist.ken. They arc Bimply increasing tho value of a monopoly it may bo to their next- door neighbour of the publican whoso license is refused. His contention was that practically thoie was no connection between a' reductiou in the number of licenses granted and the amount of druukenncBB as has boen carried out in this city. The figures plainly show that there is no reduction of drunkenness w ith a reduction of licenses. The rotnrnB"byr the Superintendent of Police, he main- tained, »ore sufficient proof of this, and it waa a delusion for the Migistratcs to think that in reducing the number of licences they were decreasing the drink traffic. Education, recreation amuse- ments, and Buch influencie will help them ; reduction will not, and unduo restriction will lesult in worso evils than those they try to cure. It will cuciurage working men's clubs and sect et drinking, where a man will take home di ink to his wife aud children, which is worse than publio house drinking. This ia berne out by the evidence got in Wales ai.d other piucos. The law çrohibitB a IroHer or a publican from sitting as u lieei sing magistrate, and it is asked why it should not also prohibit u teetotaller, who is opposed to all licenses, from utting in theBame capacity. The question raised here ia of con ideruble importance He gi anted that in the country, where you clear out licenses in whole d'stucts, for miles, you may lessen drunken .ess, but oven there thooO who want drink take care to hive a supply. Hi urged the introduction of u system of accumulative sentences for persistent offenders, und afin mod that the i-hort sentences of imprison- ment at present unforced mer.ly allowed the delinquents time to recover from the effects of their dissipation and prepare for another " burst." The motion was unanimously agroed t\ ' , Omiten. Fauming.-The Lylteltou Time of the I Uth ult. repoits that on the ¡previous day a largo party, at the invitation-of Mr. J. 'J'. Matsou, paid a visit of inspection to that gentleman's ostrich firm at Islewortb, on tlic Harewood-raad, iltur Chriatcburch, The condition of the magnificent birds olieited many expressions of warm admira- tion and astonishment, 'theil' appearance pioviug incoutestibly tliut they aro perfectly uceliiuutised; and that the timo has nou- ai rived for proving thoir oonimei cial value. The birds uro not all at Isloworth, a number of young ones-hoggeti, Mr. -Matson calls' ellem-be ng at his estate in Papauui-ioad, where re also n pair of the old birds. Tile whole ii ck is the piogeny of three imported ostriches, and the initial difficult es having been now so suooeisfully surmounted, the rate of inoraaáo Ishould be in a gcoinctiical ratio. The party of visitors, after leaving Iskworth, was driven to Mr. Mutson'a resi- dence, and was thown a splendid collection of featherB, the produce of tho bilda. Seeing that the feathers oro always in demand" there is no cause for astonishment at tho birds being valued at £125 a pair/ at wbicli pi ice tho annual crop of feathers representa a very high iutorcst. Indeed, well'authanti-' catcd figures show that iu Africa the profits of ostrich farming are exceedingly good, and' iudgiug from all that was soon yesterday the birds should tin ¡ve oven better, und give I larcrer returns in New Zealand than in Africa. ? ' Cakrihr Pigeons.-A writer in Chamberí' Journal describes the mauner' in which carrier pigeons employed for press purposes do thoir work W binti he birds are to fly fur on any particular business, it is better that they should only be lightly fed in the morn- ing. Tho pigoons-two or four, as may be required-are caught in the morning, and p aeed in a comfortable wicker or tin basket-like a small lunchron basket-with compartments. The reporter w hen ho leaves the office carries the basket with him. He also p o vides himself with a book of fine tissue paper, "flimsy," and a shottofcar bouiBcd paper, " a black." He writes his report very legibly and compactly, to as to put as much ou a p»geof " flimsy " as it will possibly hold. Then he rolls the " liiuiBy " neatly up and attaches it to the leg of tho bird by means of an elastic band. Or ho may send two pages of "flimsy," o le on each leg. The pigeon being released, m ikes straight for home. Arrived at the newsp iper office, it alights on the ledge of the dovooot. To get through the usual cir cular-heuded opening it pushes before it a couple of lipht wires, and these falling after it close the aperture. The bird ia, however, not yet into the cot. It lins only got the longth of the trap. This trap, 2ft. square or bo, has a flooring Bet upon au clecti io spring. The weight of the bird pressing down the spring, releusos an electric oui-rent, which rings a bell in the sub-editor's room. The bird thus heralds its own arrival. A boy assistant proceods upsluii-s, takes the pigeon from the trap, removes the message dom its logs, und opening a sliding-door, ullows it to euler the cot, where it is welcomed by its sorrowing mate. , Wm. Ferguson, Jüjí., 132 Collins-stroot, invites attention to advertisement in adver- tising column. He has purchased Mr. C. G. Eady's stock of Wino9, Spirits, etc., and has secured some choice lines during his recent visits to Melbourne and Sydney. 'His direct importations will be the best brands, ; g744 