THE COSMIC BEAN; OR THE CflEffl SHOW IN KCB3LLAHD. 1 -By Frank R. Stockton". fs! ' chaiteii III. — ItACK day in koboiusoh Gromline was 111 a very goon nuium , n plans appoared to bu working admirably. hvdBB body. w:is,. talking -about his Cosinic liwo, 0 oven the PrincesB Lista, who paid litiie atiH tion . to auob things, had said that she mW It could. ue introuuceu hhu nei "jj, -n liien, pcrliups, cliere miglit be less said tlio starving poor. H ; Moreover, King Chamian and Lista were tiug.acqnaiuted very fast, and ho hail ltl,l7gH Iter to sit in his royal box when she was g taking part in the games. Tim was .well. ;If those twoshould marry there wouiiM a great olmnco for liim and his bean, nut iaM gard to Queen Slillico things were not gouuB so well; she , had soon separated hvrscli "W Prince Atto, aud was now sitting alone m m box, reading a book until the games .shou giiu Tlie -prinob had not been invited to sit her, that was plain to sec. ,.B 7 This was not at all satisfactory to CrofflHW but it did not dampen his spirits. « « scarcely be expected that gravo and M people liko Millico and Atto could come to,.iw as quickly os tho more lively Chaiman aH /Lista. "But if tlie prince had any sea e o H .st all lie oouhl not fail to mako an imprc=-« upon Millico before tlio show was over, q'lin rinines were iust about to begin Groinlino'riiet Atto. _. , 7 " What is tho matter with yo B H 1 the Ministor exclaimed ; are ) oil W / "Not very," replied Atto, and in i lb® ojj that Gromline miglit he able to help V liim of tlio proposition pf tlie grillii. , ,"I am afraid, "said the Pnnco, tIie eH refuse his offer, for it , he is made a = ) thiH SfauyJt'whil t get out efij out of -it !'; erled Gtoml,ne.(!!u®ll dream of suoh a thing. ar, „niieaId of <<1 performing an astounding and p without tlio least danger in tl ;mprcsJevcfl not do tor you to lose It . If » t!ie :Jb body, ospeolally Quoeu intellect viotion that, although a .fill. not in general care for use ess s| | ho jileascs, he can with caso I e)fl above anything .which tho atli B It appeared that he«| fThe games liegaii with fth»fA'o "jn ' to all competitors. Among 11 q.anuto » stout legged young men from | giants from tho PI ihrco r»«' h0,vcvcr, too heavy, to tS>-'>vi? pfwn several hurdles; a lot of K and brote down othcr two; logged f lnie, with blazing eyes. RjUer. hpn coinff over two hurdles tie Iead',. „ wcrd a cbhsidorablo'dls; Ir'fStvaVrule,! out. of 'the: race L'nuti ut a flichts were : neither E tU- 8nine Near tho head' of'-'the pj««r l?Krcr's kangaroo, 'who at ono' IPf. beautiful ho""3 entirely over 'a Enalf » "? h0 „t that moment -was Kni ' bus ho was also 'rilled out of jfusbho did nothing hut , jump, and' f e'otkrs Who did not ukderstand tho llisi «'e wore several gnomes ; of S and spindle legs, who PfctaKSgR If. 'I a grand horse r'Acb, in which; eimli I5? SL ndden by its owner;" And in this 1 v, and Princess Lista' tdok part. ESTS. iodeThlaek'coamor ® f';tlW= lifSie TrihMss wab mouutcd on hcr rawj fellre. nll fire and' muselei' with wicked P'ffikhcnt cars! ' There were rahout'50 feh BOiwted by all1 sorbr of ' -riders. r ue was a lively, spnto bestriding, a C?J Bit, but he ivas not allowed : to enter P ic Mso it was qnite certain that; bis l&Jd; me his wings.' '."Tho' sprite, was Unbred by this decision,' nnd;said ho.wns Esiririliiiie that nil the other riders should EShils if that' would make' things' oven; Ito rider was a ghost who had;, formerly tfierlebrated horseman, but :ho soon enmo fit for his horse, imagining; that, 'no ono Until back, kicked upllis licels'and tossed' Ett entirely through the body of his rider, Efirtije bis tail through the . separated' pors E irked to one side and lert the course. " VLniaa rode splendidly, and his swift liorse tarried him to tho head of tho line,' bnt E.ubeeide him, and her wicked mare, with f i, „H who sped faster and faster as lior Kne bolter, soon took the' lead arid kopt Ifflle race was done, and tho shouts of tho Iffltdepreclainied her the victor. j ; Iftiro Millico bad watched' this race with Kiafnest, for she liked to soo tho fine action 1 1 railed horse, and she was very sorty that KbW beast bod won the race. ' Sho would Ee ten much better pleased if her cousin's fegil cbarger lmd been the winner, not lie he belonged to Chamiari, but because ho Eneb a noble animal, Ifie princess was very prornl of ' licr victory, nierbeart beat high at tho congratulations Eel pared in on her from every side. I'Ibre a colt at home," she cried to Oh'amian, fcsmore fiery and wicked than this marc, li Wler withers, posterns, hocks and cannon Eg lid I am going to train him so that I can pgereowbatlhare done to-day," and' she Ktfdtriurnjiliantly. |Er; Cbamian did not very much like to' bio ben, bat if he were beaten ho was glad that vuliita and no one eiso wlio hnd come in Islet him. She was a fine, spirited"korsc- ErijUdhe liked that sort of a girl, but ho Egcet help wishing that she did; not laugh lihlt quite so loudly, and did not speak go Esilj to her grooms. " Itiit cow trotted into the arena a handsome knr,toth bis man part and his horse part p&jtigh; breeding. He' apxifanclicd : the Kjjbiaand bowed to the occupants:' Queen fee mi pleased with the courteous air' arid Binceful movements of the, Centaur and was pn to know what he was going to do. She pudbim toward her. ' I'lbi! you no competitors?" slie nsked. roar majesty," replied the Centaur, Baiter and a smile, "excepting oldFathcr re" B"I6eo!understaud,"said Millicc. , , , "It ism j intention, your majesty," explained r Ctcfanr, " to trot alone around thiB arena Kthicdearor to beat any previous record 'of fiane, and nnt only this, but to make suoh a Bel for myself, I believe can not easily bo dun the future." i Tbeeeenwas very much interested 'in' 'tlie B ' Centaur was about to makoin this tipinst bis ancestors and his'poaterity — Bhe dibigh ambition. < 'I |ho quickest time a milo has yot abetted in f'she asked. ' 1 fee minutes and 8 seconds,"' replied the tr'h and by your majesty's permission, I Wmrtndeavor to beat tliiit.",: ; And with a Km ,1 « '>eB as '10 Passed tlio other Ha tor, the Centaur began to trot around tho n!-3? wftrra himself for his work. ' aeM not go very fnnt at first, bnt when ho vest the starting post he set oil at a groat Ei IfrP movc|l beneath him with' such on that they could scarcely be seen, and W; shook and trembled as if. a steam ge,e wrbing at its highest velocity inside Mod 1 he went, the spectators almost hold- Efc.V? . !!e Passed, until lie shot by |S """I a"<l slackened bis speed. : In gntcneof the judges dashed at a tall fcSr.ta w ul,on " In" great , iignros ItoS SKOn<,R- The Centaur- had j®! previous records. Jc-. J.. -i: -v .,-! Bj, ,1? Bh.0f:reat ohout f rom thp multi- Eiee !nwi !me could bo heard but Edoim Lisfa'AruK Chaminn Eb the i'-r, n,1(l shook the Ceri- K.„n"i ,wtlle Q""" MiUiee beokoned >1 Pi,! ' Hushing through the Erf .ee wiH,IOr Cd iim ,a"d wi'lin8 f ' le the queenhi'bov.11 iC t?10 C'®n'nu.T Kvoom,0,"0 wel,i" »l:she:" '"I . oon: Bl. ril„. V lur success." - ;; 'hanked licr.- r«IhavehMi half a success," bo said;' "It |W "ttingnges, . 1 no,v ll'for h?sCL?S,0.lcRr,e,3'land the' Centaur I-f »»lth in hi« f " i1 This time be bold h trotted how fnr'l"0 ?l0>isbt seo I®"!, increnee bll »(v i WOa Emg, ' and,- if Ptl tho b»if j" Away ho; sped, Pre bim , !le P08' he held up liia wateh fe»Wpeod w„«?„ aU uld Beo 'hat bis Khbia mcrcased. f borking with/n'i B'cam engine |l>" that same 1»,m. one ' might now IWunment aml J"1! - >ro'ten loose, from If-hbilod him forme i60"?!8 ' to: pieces r "b'wly more fn i people's oyca !.!%» weo n„l„ fo follow him. fe1 'heir stand anil «T' i o?eitomont as ho fc'hcro everv ml 'i on tho blriok fethe- B8«ea0fl9|.OUla 860 hm' V,ar'3 r I'fpred to rull,il del'?kfc, i"10 "hole audi- Eaent he would bWarr Centaur, aud Pff' 'mothered hv iTl e,on embraced arid pH hot dashin "ndreds of onthnaiaatlo |t"40|l then gtSotimi' '8 for Posterity to "f .'raah l>l'itr8»'iwMglCeAtrr0 I""1 been watoli- fcjji'ho had taken in rl?3' E'eaaed to see tbo I Bo cver, l , tho Centaur. ' I 6 cn than I thought they would, he said to liimseU ; " it could hardly bo expected that at a time like this, when overy- thmg is in auoh a Hvely hub bub, that aho ami Atto could hayo a chanco to got interested in eacli other s ideas about books and education, but if she likes tho trotting of that man's horao aho js bound to care ever so muoh moro for the daring and courage of a Princo who ridea a bare |baok griflin. I never imagined that Atto would ;bavo auch a ohanco as that to ingratiato himself Sce.WHu'- TtlUy' 1 m havi"S lnoat \- At that moment, Gromline espied the grifiin, who, with his wings folded, was hurrying hare and;. there along the outskirts of tho- crowd, ovidently looking for some one. . -Do you know," said tbo monster, coming up t.,,tll,e Miniater, " whore I oan find Princo Atto? Our great- mid air performance is set downfor.thm afternoon, but it strikes mo. that ,tho, little . ooward .has run away. But I must find him if I can, for it will bo a great thing for mo to go through tbo act with a blooded iirinco on iny back." . "Indeed it will,!' said Gromline, "and it will be a great tiling for him, too. I would adviso you_, by, no means to perform. without him, , aud 1 will go now. and help you to look for him." Princo. Atto had not aeon, much of the per formance. in .tho arena, Ifor he had been busily and nnxiously engaged endeavoring to find some one who would not as his substitute in the griffin performance. : livery orie to whom ho made the. prqsDosnh .dcolined with tho greatest promptness. But a misohievous . imp of the Hot Springs who overheard tho princo endeavor ing oto bribo an. afrite with two bunches of bananas offered himsoif as .a rider and said ho would : do tho job for a -..bottle of ink .and a. .squirt -gun, but Atto know tho griffin would novor accept such n substitute as that; and so in great perplexity and apprehension, continued his search. He.would havo been glad to bide himself ' till night aiul then hurry back to his home, .but lie knew this would . not .help him. An angry griffin could find him as well iu Nustyria as any where else. . Hurrying on, and scarcoly knowing wliero ho wos .going, Atto .found himsoif on the shores of a lake, and moored oloso by ho saw a little boat. This pleased him ; ho was tired and warm, and .to float over tho smooth wator would rest and revive biin. Ho had uot gono far when he hoard tho sound of sweot voices, singing and tho music of harps. Looking in tho direction of the sounds ho saw four beauti ful sirens on tho top of .some high rocks. Atto was forid of . music, and rowed near the rooks. (To Ic continued.) 