" SUMMARY. Lady Parkes is better. Parkes' threatening letter — H. Mr. W. N. Willis received a vote of con fidence from Lis Brewarrina constituents. J. Wilson, nn old Bathurst identity, was found dead outside his house. Mary Parkinson, aged G(i, wife of a farmer, died suddenly at Diirnmuna on Thursday. 'The Pastoral Association has invited Sir Henry Parkes to attend the show at Hay in July. James Sanfield, a navvy, was. knocked down by a train near Strathficld last night, and hnd bis left foot bndly injured. In consequence of the non-floating of tho Russian loan of £20,000,000, the Russian Go vernment threaten to withdraw in gold all the money deposited by it in the London and Paris banks. Tho Premier is of opinion that deputations . are simply a waste of tnno to both tho deputa tion and the Minister. Mr. Robert Edtvard, for years connected with the General Post-office, has been pre sented with an address on tho occasion of his leaving to tako cliargo of tho William-sheet branch. The police want to know who discovered tho attempted burglary in a shop in Pitt-street. The Trades and Labor Council insist on having the Centennial Hall for a mass meet ing. The Mayor has promised to consult tho council. Johnston, the Ballarat criminal, is to bo executed 011 Monday. A Melbourno hospital nurse is claiming £1000 from the Brunswick Council for a broken leg. The Queensland Government will tako no nctiyo steps to bo represented at tho forth coming Mmoralogical Exhibition to bo bold in Loudon this year. Tho cheerful tidings comes from Chili that a determined attempt lias been made to blow tbe Ministry into sausage meat by means of a bombshell, which was thrown into tho Cabiiiot Chambor. Affairs in Central America- continue in a sultry condition. A revolution has broken out in Costa R,ica, and a tolerably successful revolt has been produced in San Salvador. Although that bombshell exploded right amongst the Chilian Ministers on Wednesday no one was hurt. Tln/y must boas tough as some of our own. Indignation is expressed by tho Newfound- laud delegates at tho action of Lord Knuts- ford in publishing private information which has bad the effect of making the delegates look foolish. George Thorpe, a London nbscondor, lias been nrrested in Queensland. ' Caroline Brown came out as a free emigrant to Queensland. She is now waiting to know how long she will spoud in gaol for making a false declaration. For a cold night have a gnss. of Toohey's Sparkling Amber Alo Mulled. Look out for the label on tho hotel. On Thursday evening next Mr. Walter Edmunds. M.L. A., will, under tile auspices of the South Sydney Protection Association, deliver an addr ess in the Now Masonic Hall, on freedom of contract, Federation and Pro tection. Relations between Rothschilds and Russia are strainedL And all over a paltry £20,000,000. Well, ain't. 'it sickening ? In reply to the Russian threat to withdraw all the Government money doposited in the London and Paris bunks the Rothchilds say they hava sufficient gold by them tin meet tho demand to the last sov. At last one of the new cruisers is ready and complete. The Katooiribu sailed for Australia yesterday, and tho Wallaroo will make a start at an early date. A formal report of Captain Yeraey's im prisonment has been handed to the Speaker of the House of Commons, and the gallant soldier wiil be presented with " the bitu " at an early date. It is feared that the refusal of the American grand jury to file a bill against the lynchers will lead to trouble amongst the Italians in tue States. Those whom the gods love die young — 1 others are simply threatened. Now that Sir John has joined the shadows, public are beginning to see the gap'ho has left. Sir Henry Parkes has been told that he Wont live to be 120. The Premier is getting tired of deputations. He wants documents not deputations. The concert held in the Town Hall has re- sul ted in a sum of £500 being - gathered for the relatives of the victims of the Middlo Head torpedo disaster. His Excellency LorcScott thinks that war like vessels might get in our harbor, but they would not Le likely to got out again. Thats comforting. The nominal caiiif.nl of lending- silver mines has inei eased £336, 500 during the" week. The Katuomba Council have formally taken over tho local' crematory works. Stanbury, the champion sculler, is to bo awarded a public, welcomo at Nowra. Last week the export of coal from Newcastle to all ports nuiv.unted to .1-R007 tons. , Richard Smith, an old Maitland identity, and for many years employed in the Mercury office, dropped dead 011 Thursday night. On tho representation of Aldeianan Hellmrich, the authorities are to bo requested to allow tVio Haddington Band to play in the Centennial Park on Sunduy afternoons. His Holiness tho Pope is exorcised about tliie labor question. i Federation fading away in Victoria. Fatal 'railway accident in North Mel-'; bourne.- , Sir Henry Parkes told a deputation yester day that it would be much better if deputa tions would forward their requests in writing, as it would save his time and thcir's too. There is to be a further series of cheap ex cursion trains to tho country districts. A sum of £500 has been raised by the Government Printing Office Musical and Dra matic Society for distribution amongst tho suf ferers by tho Middle Head disaster. Very little progress was made by tho Labor: Commission yesterday evening. "Harbor Defence'" wtistlie subject of a paper read at the United Service Institute lust night by Lieuleuunt-Uoloiiel Buddnui. The cross-eyed man may be straight, but he never looks that way. A man who selects Indians for the ghost dance is a liOp-picker, isn't lie V A man with an illustrated lectuue on charity should have philanthropic views. _ Men of great capacity sometimes have very little capacity for making a living. A man who was kicked down Btairs said Stanley wasn't the only man who bad to lament the failuie of his rear guard. The Atchison Globe says we never notice what those people have 011 who oqnno to us in our trouble. Wo notice what Iffioy have on hand to lend us, don't we ? " Which Was aggressor ?" asked the court of the witness of a tight. " One was, a nigger, but \- I don't know whether tho olher iv/as a gressor or not," was the reply. With the advent of the 'winter months comes the skating season, ajid tho Rudfei 11 Palace Skating Rink is no;iv in full swing. Mr. G. F. Garton, the enterprising manager of the rink, and who so Biicbessfuliy superin tended operations at tho puluc-e last year, announces a plain and fancy-dress carnival for Weiluesiluy eveuiug next. The subject of to-morrow evening's ser mon at tho Catholic Apostolic Church, Elizabeth-street, Redfern, is " Apostleship ana Apo.-tles." ' Grocers requiring choicest factory butter ;. select at Foley Bros., Ills Sussex-street, the direct agents for choicest b rands. Warby's Hotel, King and Pitt streets. Tho ; ' above Hotel has been fitted up in a first-class 1 , ' style, andaffordssplondidacrcoin. for visitors and pennanenlbi.arders, at a ve ry moderate charge. For terms, address Ed. Laipg, Warby's Hotel. "Dublin Freeman," ' United Ireland," "Irish (Jathol.'o," " Catholic Times," etc. Finn ; Bros.und Co., 586 George-alt. (lirBathurst-st.). ' Adam Bede's (tho original promoter) Con-' i sultation on Birthday Ctrip, run 25tli May. 10,000 at 10. Address ",4-darn Bede," care of 1 Abbott, Poat-ofliee-c'iambLtrs, Sydney, N.S.W. When vour watches, clocks or jewellery wan# repairstry R. R. Smith & Hansen, lli Oxford-sc. Tattoraall'e Monster fcash Consultation on ' the Birthday Cup, run ,25th May. 50,000 at j 10. Address 1'attersaR 1 care ' of G. Adams, Pitt-street. TaUersall'v are the only genuinely successful \- i consultations in the colonies. 