'^£^^T~ BY 'VEEAX,' , ,. , Author of 'Iu tbo Swim,' 'Hard Hit,' 'Bluo and AVhltc,' &o.; SFEOiAIjliT AVKITTE.V FOR, TBtE ?'» REFEREE.' ALL EIGHTS BE3EEYED. ? [I would call the nttoutlou of iny readers to tho. alteration or the tltlo or 'With tho Tide.' It bus been clmuEod to '-ln tlio Swim.' This wvsis rcmlitrml nrccmnry nil ncuotint or Memr*. ICoiitlcilga uutl Sous, the publishers, discovering that tho tltlo 'With tho Tlilo' hud alroudy beeu rcRlAtorod undur tho English Copyright Act. Tho novel will bo oat 'in hook farm early. In Oc- ? tober uudor tho now tlllo or ' In tho Swim.'—' Vorax.'] CHAPTER XXXVI. ? BLAKE'S LAST BEDJ3. i ( ?yOU'LIi meet that follow Blako to X day,' said Dalton to Joekoy Jnck, as thoy drove to Randwick course in a hansom. ' Ho rides Rod Dick in tho Epsom llandicnp, and tho horso was woll backed last night.' ' Ulako riding, is hu ?' said Jack. ' T don't fear him much with a horso like Bluo Blood under mo.' ' Wo ought to win. I wired Sir William this morning I thought ho would about pet home. I'm to put a couple of hundred on for him.' ' I wish ho could havo como over,' said Jaok. ' I saw Flushton last night. Ho appears to bo pretty thick with Marlow nguiu. 1 wish ho would cut looso from that crowd, thoy'll do him no good.' ' I'm afrad ho's a bad lot,' said Dalton. ' He's pretty deep in their not, and thoy don't let 'eiii go in a hurry onco they get fairly hold of them.' ' What sort of a courso is Randwick to ride on ?' asked Jack. ' Oh, you'll find it all right. Get a good position* from tha start aud keep it, and make a dash for the rails after you entor tho straight, that ia if you havo a good chunco of getting through. If not steor a clear course, and come well down the centre,' said Dalton. There was tho usual crowd assomblod in. tha paddock whon Dalton and Jack arrived, aud they were speodily recognised. ? Bluo Blood had been installod a warm favorite, and not more than live to one could bo had about his chance. St. Alino was backed, and also several of the Sydney horses, among them being R-id Dick, who had gradually crept up iu the quotations. Jack went into tho jockey's room to dress, and satdoivn near Blake, not noticing him ut tho timo. ' Oh, you're hero, are you ?' said Toddy, us he recognised his old stable niato. ?? Rido Bluo Blood I suppose ?'' ' Yes,' said Ja«k. ' How have you been getting along?' 'Grand,' said Blako. 'Had plonty of riding, and won two or three good races.' ' I'm glad to hoar it,' said Jack. ' You rido Red Dick to-day, don't you ?' 'Yes,' said Blake. 'You have a trifle on him, he's got a good show.' 'I've got my bit on Bluo Blood thanks,' said Jack; ' and I fancy he'll just about win.' ' 'We'll see about that,' said Blake. ' I hear you're married, are you t' ' Yes,' said Jack. ' Well, I wish you luck. You're no par ticular friend of mine, but I don't want any harm to como to you.' 'I would havo beon a good friend to you, Blake,' suid Jack, 'had you given me tho chance.' ' I feel a bit queer to-day,' said Toddy. ' That lied Dick's got a brute o£ u. temper. Dashed if I don't think I'm getting nervous. I must have some brandy before I get up.' ' Don't,' said Jack. ' Wait till the race is ovor.' 'I might not bo ablo to get it then,'' said Blake, moodily, as ho got up and walked out with his saddle on his arm. ' What the deuce -can he mean,' thought Jack. ' I've heard of jockeys having pre sentiments of evil, but Blako must be very much off to talk liko that. Perhaps he's boon drinking heavily.' Whon Bluo Blood was being put to rights a- largo crowd surrounded him, Marlow boing among tho number. He was not popular at Eandwiuk, and he knew it, but he cared very littlo for tho opinion of tho public. ' Looks a bit light, Dalton;' ho said. ' Think so ?' said Ned, as he braced up the girth. ' Yes, I do. Not half as woll as when ho ran in tho Newinarkot/'said Marlow. ' Perhaps not,' said Dalton. ' But he'll heat your horse, anyway.' 'Not him,' said Marlow, and walked away. Jack was quickly in tho saddle, and Blue Blood evidently on hiB best behaviour walked about quietly until tho bell rang to go to tho post. A field of thirty faced tho startor, and overamilo Jack folt ho would lmvoollhis work cut out to steer a clear course. He know that Blue Blood possessed great pace, and he determined to make tho most use of it. After a short delay tho flag fell. Jack had beon watching Blako beforo tho start, and thought he must have had too much of tho brandy he had been talking about, so wild was tho look iu his eyea. Jack kept Bluo Blood well in tho centre, and watched his opportunity. On they Bwopt, the whole of tho big field well together. As thoy turned into the straight Jack saw an opening on the rails and shot in. The horso going along side him was Red Dick. Ho saw Blake's fuce was palo as death, and felt his mount was closing him on to the rails. Surely Blako could not intend to rido him down. It might kill them both. What could it mean. On they went. Tho pneo was terrific. Horso after horso fell back, and at the distance Bluo Blood held a Blight advau tago. ' How tho crowd roared tho favorite's name. '/ Blue Blood wins ' camo from thousands of throats. Jnck felt ho had tho raco safo, but he could not shako oil Red Dick. As thoy reached tho half distance Jack looked Bidoways at Blako, and ho saw a sight that fairly made his blood creep, and momentarily made him lose his head and almost the race, for Blue Blood easod in his stride. ' What the devil's up with Jack?' said Dalton, as he saw the horse falter. Well might Jack be forgiven for that Blight mistake. Tho glanco ho had rapidly given, showed Toddy Blako with nyes sot iu a glassy 8taro,'his teeth clenched, 'nnd his choeks a ghastly huo: Ho kept glancing behind him .and bending forward iw though ho saw something at his buck. Jack fancied hu heard him cry out, 'Help, help, ho's after mo,' nnd he saw tho blood flowing from Red Dick's sido. Tho horso ho folt suru was now almost as mad as the rider. It wus a horrible sensation Jack cx periciiced, but iu another moment )m had sot Blue Blood going again, aud was racing hard for tha winning post. Ho could hear Red Dick thundering after him, and Toddy Blako uttering wild, weird crios. Never in his life had Jack been so un nerved. Another glance nnd ho saw Blako was madly spurring his horso, and Red Dick was gaining on Blue Blood. It was now or nover, and Jack raised his whip and rodo Bluo Blood desperately. Tho gallant horso' responded, and amid Rhouts of joy from his numerous backers, Sir AVilliaru's horso passed tho box a good half length in front of Rod Dick. But whut wns this solemn hush in the crowd. Something was wrong. No neod to tell Jack what it was. As ho easod Blue Blood, Blake on Red Dick shot past him at full gallop. Jack saw Blako was cither mad or drunk, for the jockey was still riding the horse furiously. ?' Stop, Blake. For God's sake, stop,' shouted Jnck, 'Arejon mad?' A demoniac yell was tbo only answer, us Blake, with another wild shout, lashed furiously behind him ?with his whip. Tho horses hod filod into the weighing enclosure, but no order was given to dis mount. Everyone was, as it were, spell-bound, and all eyes were fixed on a solitary horse man racing madly round the courso alono. A deop5 silence had fallen on the crowd, and even tho judge forgot to placo tho second and third horses' numbers on the board, so intense was the excitement. ' He's mad. Tho fellow's mad. Ho'U bo killed, sure as fate,' and such-liko ex pressions wore heard whispered about. Jockey Jnck satstonk still on Bluo Blood, and even tho horses Deemed to know some thing dreadful wns about to take place. Thousands of people woro intensely watching the horsw and rider careering along tho far sido o£ the course. On on came Rod Dick in a wild gallop. Round tho turn he flew liko a swallow, and tore madly down thu straight. 'They're both mad,' yelled the crowd. 'Great Heavens! look at him,' said Dalton, who was at Bluo Blood's head. It was indeed a terrible sight. Toddy Blake had now let go the i-oins, and was clutching at his throat as though ho was being strangled to death. Ho still had a iirin grip on tlio saddlo, but his strength seemed to be giving way. His face was convulsed, and it was quite evident some hidden terror had driven him mad. And Rod Dick. ? )Vhat of him ? The horse seemed as mad ha the rider. His flanks streamed with blood, and blood and foam covered ? his chest. ' As ho uoared the winning post, Bed Dick commenced to falter. ' .They'll- be killed,' shrieked the crowd. ' See, the horso has . broken a blood vessel. He'll fall in a minute.' With breathlesB expectancy tho vast concourse of people awaited tho result, which now seemed inevitable. Blake was evidently oblivious to his danger, aud he appeared to be laughing in an idiotic manner, aud chattering to him self. What a sight for men and women to see. A horse and rider galloping headlong to certain death, and no one could save them. At last Red Dick makes ono more effort. Tho gallant horse, ridden by a maniac to his death, struggles bravely on. A dull, sickening thud. A loud wild terrible cry, as though a lost soul was shrieking for mercy, and Rod Dick and his rider roll ovor and over ou tho -ground nearly opposite tho winning post, where Jockey Jack a few moments beforo had ridden the favorite to victory. Horso and rider seemed to be heaped together in ono battered mass. Red Dick struggled for a fow moments, and then lay still, with Blake under him. 'Willing hands quietly extricated the un fortunate jockey, and. carried him into the accident room. As for poor Red Dick, ho lay gasping out his last breath on tho track. Blako was not quite dead. He was a fearful sight to look at. A mangled mass of broken bones and bruised flesh, and his fuco almost beyond recognition. Tho jockeys had been weighed in, and ?Tack at once wont across the paddock to see Blake. A passage was made for him, and he went in. Thero lay poor Toddy dying in mortal agony. Agony of mind as well as body, so the doctor said. ' Do you know him ?' asked tho Doctor, turning to Jack. ,.' Yob, poor fellow,' said Jack. ' Is ho mad. Doctor?' ' I can't make him out. He's had a terrible fright. No j I- hardly think ho'a mad now, but he has only a - lew moments to live.' Blako's eye — ho had lost ono — looked at Jack. Ho bent over tho bruiaed, mangled form. 'Poor old chap, I'm awfully sorry, Toddy. Bear up, old fellow,' Baid Jaok, in a husky voice. ' It drovo me mad,' muttorod Blako. ' It sat behind mo all the way. I couldn't get away from it.' ' What was it ?' said- Jack. 'A ghost,' said Blake, faintly, 'his ghost.' 'What ghoat ?' said Jack, in a whisper. 'Roubon Potter,' said Blako. Jack started, and lookod with horror at Blako. What could it mean ? 'Reuben Potter.' said Jack. 'What had you to do with Reuibon Potter ?' ' 'I,— I, — I,' — groaned Blake. A gurgling sound came from his throat, ho gave one great gasp, and then all was still. Toddy Blako wns dead. Ho had ridden his last race: and now his troubles wero ended. . Jack walked sorrowfully away. As ho werit across tho paddock a country-looking man nccoatod him. ' Jockey dead ?'ho asked. ' Yes,' said Jack. 'Friend of yours, I believe.' 'I knew him,' Baid Jack. ' Do you know niu ?' ' No,' laid Jock. 'I'm Detective Hyam. l'vo boon om ployed in that Roubon Potter enso. I fancy that unfortunate fellow know moro about it than ho cared to tell.' ' Did ho '(' said Jack. Ho did not think it was auy business of his to toll tho dotec tivo what ho had fancied poor Blako meant. , ' Excuse mo, but did he say anything to you ?' said Hyam. 'Ho did,' said Jack. 'Might I ask what if; was. It'a most important,' said Hyam. ?? 'Ho said ho fancied something was riding behind him in the raco, and it drovo him mud,' said Jack. 'Oh,' said Hyam, significantly. 'Thank you. Nothing moro ?' 'Not of importance,' said Jack, as ho passed on. ' ' Now I'll bet n. crown Blako told him a good deal more,' said Hyam. ' 'Woll, nover mind, my friend, I don't want you to aplit on a pal, oven if ho ia dead. But I must havo a look round Master Blake's lodgings. Oh doar yea. Ho may havo loft a will bo hind him, or something of that sort. I never Baw such a sight in my life, aa that rido on Red Dick. I'm used to a good many Btrango things, but that fairly made my blood curdle. Law, how that horso did gallop. He might havo thought tho devil was iift-ir him. Hanged if 1 don't think ho did. Wonder what Blake saw behind him. Okl Potter's ghost, perhapa. AVhow ! What if that little beggar strangled old Reuben af t«r all. ITo could havo done it when the old boy was asleep. But why did ho do it; ? Yos, I really must investigate Blako's bti longings. I'll pay a visit us a friond of the family. What a pity he's dead, and just when 1 fancied I'd got such a lovely cnuo on. Why will men die in this fashion. If I'd only known. Blost if 1 wouldn't have arrested him on spec last night, arid saved his life — at least for a time.'' Detective Hyam at onco loft tho cour«e, nnd made for Blake's lodgings. Ho knew whoro ho lived well, for he had watched him homo on more than one occasion. Ho knocked at tho door, and explained his mission to the horrified landlady. ' Poor dear lad. Such a quiet, well be haved ono, too. Never gavo tho sligh test trouble,' and sho dropped a silent tear Not many woro shed for Toddy Blako. 'Ah, ho was a good fellow,' said Hyam. ' Wo never know a man's real worth until ho's gone. Might I see his room. He may havo left some papers of importance there.' ' Certainly,' said the good woman, as she showed Uynui into Blake's room. 'Thanks,' ho said. 'I'll just see his things aro all right, and will send for them to-morrow. It will be as well to let his parents have them.' When tho woman left, Hyam had a look round. He tried Blake's box and found it locked. 'I must opon you,' ho thought. Ho took out a bunch of keys, and soon found one to fit. Ho opened the box and turned the things over. ' Ah, what's this ?' he said, as he toot up tho paper Blako had been writing on the night before. ' I'll havo a read at this, it looks interesting.' He opened the package, and whon ho saw tbo first few lines gave a start of surprise, and then settled himself down to read the document through. (to be continued.) 