AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. Br J. W. Hekdeesck. It was in January, and we were in latitude 153rg. 2Imin. south. The heat woe beyond dt scrip tion, for we were lying becalmed under a tropicil sun. The sea was a deep sap phire blue, trancluccnt to a mysterious depth, eo that, leaning over the rail, one coma see o:ts or giyly tinted eca-trccd float ing far below tbe surface. O.casicnally a brown fisb, Jookicg purple Ibrcugh the glorif jiug water, would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting tho piscid depths into shivering silver, go scurrying away into tbe infiuite unknown of the great dcrp. There was not a breath cf air. The sea lay liko molten glass under the pitiless eun, and the long uodulstion of tho swell teemed like the deep peelings of a beat oppreEtcd fccscm. The horizon was lost in a aim gray hsze thai quivered with tbe radiant heat, and gave everything an appearance o melting. Thepitchin the seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Semite, tbe second mate, declared that on the forccts'.le deck the pitch woe boiling. We were aboard the ship Aiton Falls, homeward bound from the Ccpc cf Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I - were taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of cnrhealtb. We had been fcrtunato enough to secure berths on the Af ton Falls for the voysge from Now York to tbe Cape and back. The ship was a big, able craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Hstxy Bown, as fine a eailorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had been at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell lhac always -tumbles in towards that uninviting beaoh. andwe had wondered how on earth any eane person could choose such a place to live iu. We had also been ander the shadow of Tabic Book, and bad come ont of the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down the moontain and blow a gale inside tho bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on pur long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I were sittiDg under an awning tpread over one side ol the quarter deck. The ship wae under a splendid dis play of canvas, but the sails were simply bleaching in the sun. The courses were clewed up, in the vain heps that a stray breath of sir might steal along the dc-ck. The man at -the wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at the compass card,. The chip had no. steerage-way. The veseel wae fall of groans and creaks and tho clicking of booked doors as she rolled lazily on the long, low swells. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, ; bad gone to tbe main topmaet bead, for be declared that be bad got a little fanning every time she rolled. - The men forward were lying about in all sorts of attitudes ex pressive of weariness and disgest. Oce fellow climbed cut on the jib-boom, went to sleep and almost fell overboard. As we sat staring at one another, the voice of the coloured cook arose from tbe galley trailing sditty which be be bad picked up in tbe i Southern States : \- Die byah niggah ain't gwine tor die \- Till old Jim Grow come roun' by-me-by, An'say"Hey, niggah, yo' got terfly high'; Umph- nmphJ Ah.umph-nrophl" Tbe Captain, Fred, and I looked at one an other, and smiled. We wondered bow any one could muster ap energy enough to sing. For Blew minutes nothing was heard save the creaking ol the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then the oook 'lifted uphisyqiee again ; - \- . ' I wish i wsr in Bafiin'a Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made ob clay, An' posaomsgo a-skstin' ebbery day, : Hoi-te-lpody I Ain't dBt gay? . \- Elidin' down a ioeberg in Biffin's Bay.'' I' At that the three of uB 'bnrst into lani tor, and Captain Bown eaidv " I believethe fellow'fl right. The only thing to do on such a day ' is to imagine yo u are in - a cold pdape.", -'.'zu-y ',1'z "Ton are just right," said Fred. "I wish I were doing a-ciake walk 'around the north pole." - :. Welhl don't bslievol- ehonld care much about that," Baxd L ".The wnlhpoleiBa bard place tb girt to, : and a bhrdar ptsice to 'jt'away.irta":-. ''.--Jv.v ' f . ; |TfiaFe"«ry toae, sir," eaJ.PetmiTioang, .the first mate,'wha bad ihstdnished takiDg aright, and was on -his way 'below. . ''Did ypu'ever beto of tbe whalig .ibip Toting iKrenbh".- :; .££>'< V vNo," exriaiined 'iT'red. ' WbaV whbpt. t'Well. sir, shea a 335-ton whdkrtfcotvratt hhtabont two yijars aeo; vessel as ever ' carrieds cobkeirv bnjl -was ' saidtobeahard cue to beat: on ahowlirh; Weil; she got caught in tha ioa ahnndred miles or eonorth of Point Barrow, and was crashed in below tbe water -UubV eo that she was supposed to be sinking, and her -crew - abandoned her. The craw' escaped, and made their way baok to civilised parts of the world, bat their ebtp did not einh." . ' Wlist became o£ ber f " - 1 ssked. Well, ei-," ssld the mate,- with a mysle- liout air, " she's sailing those seas yet, wi'h- outa captain or withont a crew." . "How do yon know?" . demanded Fred. . " r " She's been sighted, sir. More than that, she's been hoarded." "When?" "Howl" we -exclaimed. "East spring a man.- named Lcavitt, sighted, a whaler standing towards shore, surrounded ty ice-bergs. There she was, with her fore and main tcptaiis set, and all her gear just glittering withies in the son- light." . " How was it Eha hadn't sunk 1" asked Fred. - " Why< bless you, sir, she wasn't inthb water at all. She was about City feet away from It, np on ths ice. resting there just es comlortable as a hrby in a cradle, and just as spie too. Lasvitt boarded her, and fonnd everything on her decks as neat as if all bands had jast gone ashore for a lark. You see the ioe had squeezed in under hsr, and lifted ber up," " And you think she's there yet?" I in quired. " Jnet as sure cb over- you live, sir. "Why, ' ibe ice up there doesn't melt all away in the i pring, It brcakB up in some places, but mostly it just keeps growing aud growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all ifeome of those lsrgs bergs were hundreds of years eld. Don't yon think eo, Captain ?" " I think you are about right, Yon hp," caid the captain. "I have heard about that whaler, batshe isn't & marker cn an arctic yarn she reminds me of." "Something in yon; own experience, Gap!" lasted. " Yes." " Then by all means let us bear it/' eaid Fred. " I never knew yon had been 'a whaler.1- " Yes," said ths Crptain, " when I was in . command of tho Sealskin, I was we'll -known at Upernavik, orrd they-do say I have been away up Bat that's what I am coming to. I bad been one summer knocking about the entrance of Baffin's Boy. and hadn't done a great deal. I was told by some Eiq-iimanx that a large number oi right whaleB bad been seta c2 the east coast oi Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In August, wa hadn't seen a ghost cf a whale, but I poshed on, and when absot sixty miles east of Gael Hawk's Buy, the welcome cry cams from tha crow's nest, " ' Thc-r-r-r-o bIjo blows 1' 'Where away V I shouted. \- Two points cB the Ice bow, sir. " Well. I am not going into a whsling tfory. It's enough tc say we got tbnt brats, and did a big trcde in the course of the next six weeks. Two months late: I slisprd toy course towards Spitzbrrgen, to go into wir ier quarters there, and start north in the .spiing. I had tbe north pole lever, which so often catehes whalers, cud I wanted to steal a march on every one else. On October 7th, a etui was eigbtcdfarcwey tc (be north- ward, and I wandered whether .scree other ' fellow had my ides. However, ihsdr.ot much time to wonder, for no sconce had we sighted that sail than it began to blew ftcm tho south-oooth east, and in s few hours we fcund ourselves in a most terrific gale of wind. ' " As it was, blowing my way, I ccndded with the wind for forty -right hoars, ny left observations as our noon position, giving lac. 78deg. timin. ncrtb, and long. 7deg. o7min, west. How far beyond that we want no man will ever know. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. .Tha- ool&w;&a.;£xit«nsa, -and -great bergs loomed ap in all directions, the -sea breaking against them fillsd tbc air with thunder. In tbemidst of this awe -inspiring scene I was astounded by hearing the cry, ' Sail ho J1 "She wae not more than three miles n way. She was a vessel of very old build, with a high- poop deck, end she was under all plain sail going like s phantom, and soon disap peared. Ib'sst to the southward lor fonr days, fighting against head seas and through Ice, when the sua came cut, and I got sights to determine our position. Where do yea suppose wc were ?" " Where !" wa both asked, eagerly. "Id lat. Sldeg. 57min. north, and long. Iflleg, 42tnia. west. How far north of that we had been thai we ahonld have taken fenr days to beat bask, is beyond me tc gness.' " Whatbeoame of tho strange ship!" 1 asked. "I am coming to that. We went into winter-quarters in Morel Bay. In the spring we made excursions on sledges, and on one of these we found oar phantom. As we ronnded a point oce of the men cried; ' Bail hoi There she is again I' "And there was our old acquaintance, stBl under all sail, but motionless. Bering that she WB3 fast iu the ice, I bearded her. Her tigging was sheathed in ice, aud her entire appearance was weird and alarming. I searched high and low over her decks ard iu her cabins, but found no signs of either life or death. I was just coming away from her cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the strange rencontre, when 1 saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old-fashioned dagger, a piese of paper, yellow with age, containing some iaint writing in a strange language. Upon going over it, on letnrning to my own ship, a Datoh - sailor said it was inhiB tongue, hut Bome of the words were now ont o! ate. It read thus ; "Christmas, 1795 aj>. "This day we must leave tbe ahip. We have been without food, save one ptarmigan, lor two days. The Bhip is frozen fast in the ice, with all her sails est, and wc are not Strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where ths savages may feed ns or pat ns out of our misery. Why did we ever ceek tor health in these frozen toast It is — And there the writing became illegible." - " And did yen yon leave the. old "ship there?" asked Fred. "No; wb bnrnt her. She bad beeneueet- . ing "over the deep long enbngb, Ireszing fast when winterAame,and set loose iu the spring, for B3 years. " And i8 this the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at sea?" I telrffli'". " " Ye8,hy ferthe strongest." That beats ton Young Pbccnix hollow," aaM thefirtit mate, going below. .< Wh trere silent for -a moment or Jwo, ®ferj&ithy; . Bcuries come rattling down ttomemamtop-maet heed, crying "Hera jepmesahreeze." :. Rj 0 