AM0SEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. At the Theatre Royal on Saturday night Mr.*' Dampierv and his company presented for the "first time in Adelaide a dramatised version of Rolf Boldrbwood's novel "The;Miner's Eight." The play; is ' well staged, and the stoiy ah interesting one. In the first act we find: the hero, . Hereward Pole (Mr. Dampier), aboriti to leave England in company with his friend, Joe Bulder (Mr. J. H; Jrfartm). Their plans are all made for an immediate departure ' by the Red Jacket, with Melbourne as; their destination,' when they are stopped by a con spiraby between Algernon Malgrade (Mr. Jb . C. Ap^leton), a dissolute and more than half ruiriea-resident of.the neighborhood," arid Ned Morsley (MT. Robert Vernon), a low acquaint tance of his.' Malgrade is anxious to; supplant Hereward in the affections" of RutK AUerton {Miss Rose Damgier), the squire's daughter, and1 Ned Morsley is fjealous of-* him/because of the"evident liking which his (MorsleVs) sweet hearty Jane Mangold (Miss . Lily Dampier), evinces1 for the young man, though in reality Hereward in lio way returns her love. Mal grade and Morsley put their villanous heads together, commit a robbery at the hall, and. succeed1 in getting Hereward arrested TOth the proceeds of the'robbery actually in: his posses sion., Everything: looks very black against him, when, at the last moment, Jane Mangold brings forward evidence which completely turns the tables, and Malgrade and Moraley are led ? off to prison, while Hereward and Joe Bulder start for Australia. In the second act an interval of four years is supposed to have elapsed. - We are; at Ballarat early in -the "fifties,11 and .after; a number of incidents illustrative of viamp life we find Moirsley and Malgrade- who;have come out to Australia in league with a third rascal named Poynter (Mr. Edmund Holloway), and endeavoring to oust Hereward and his dividing mates; Major Borlase (Mr. A. Rolfe); Cyrus Yorke (Mr. George Dean), and good old Joe Bulder from their claim. They make twoseparate attemptsin thi& direction; but - are twice foiled. ^ Hence, in the third act," they turn their attention to robbery with violence,: and, thanks once more to Jane, now Morsley's wife, their cleverly-laid schemes are again upset. Morsley, finding hig wife acting as "Hereward's guardian angel, grows madly jealous? and in a fit of delirium stabs and kills her, while Malgrade utilises the course of events that Hereward, instead of the guilty man, is arrested for the crime. Here ward's trial forms an interesting scene. Every thing goes against him until the last moment, when certain -testimony' given by Mra. Man grove (Miss '. Katherine Russell) fixes- the ' guilt in .the .right quarter, -arid -Ned Slorsley is led away - to gaol, ? while Here ward is released.?- But the-arch-plotter-Mai-; grade escapes from the clutchesof the law, arid snealcin g down the'shaf t of the mine worked by Hereward andhis 'mates, layB a train to several barrels of blasting powder, and firesjthisftrain rjust as a number of viators, including the chief' characters of the drama, are inspecting the main drive. The train thus lighted creeps like a fiery serpent aeries the stage until it all but touches the' open powder: barrels, when Mrs. Mangrove; who arrive on the scene in the nick of time, rises her handkerchief most effec tively and prevents^ the impending catastrophe. Then Hereward an&Malgrade; meet in" a tinal* hand-to-hand struggle, and the latter most satisfactorily receives his "quietus; -Such is the barest outline of a plot which: from, first to last fairly bristles.withseneation, interspereed.with plenty of broad hunton ; There are numerous supporting characters in the play,-and the piece was performed in a style which evoked the fre-; quent applause of the audience.: .It will')be re peated until Thursday, when "As You Like It" will be produced. 1 '-. K THE " COUNTY' FAIR!" The - sensational J American drama, ' the "County Eair;" ;the ; right to produce which in ' Australia has' been secured by Messrs. MacMahon, and which was played for six weeks in Melbourne, will be. produced in Adelaide- on Saturday night nest for the first time at the Theatre RoyaL The principals-Mr. F, J. Currier and Miss Sadie;Stringham-were" engaged in America specially .for this production. It is said to be redolent of New England, the characters of Otis Tucker, Solen Hammerhead, and Abigail PruS, being essentially Yankee in their style. Orie-of the great attractions of the play is its scenery and mechanical effects. Chief amongst thejlatter is the race scene, in which it is claimed that "The spectacle is realised for the first time upon the. stage, and with a reality that is positively startling in its' effect, of areal raceactually run by real horses for a full mile distance, at record speed in.full view of the audience. By means of the in genious mechanism brought into requisition the horses neveri leave tlie view, nor for a moment relax their terrific speed, and the public nightly experience all the serisation and exhilaration of witnessing a fine example of that most admired of all our noble sports." The elaborate machinery has been brought especially from America for the purpose. ; SATURDAY POPULAR CONCERT. . There was a good attendance, at the twelfth concert of the season, the popular portions *of tlie house being well filled. The especial, attraction provided by the management in the reappearance of Miss Bertha Rossow was evidently much appreciated, the warm welcome which she received bearing ample, testimony to that fact. It was pleasing to notice that more discrimination was exercised on Saturday in the matter of : encores, the inordinate desire of a selfish few to double the length of the programme being kept in check. by the majority of the audience, and ; the singers themselves declining to respond' to recalls which emanated from one portion of the house only. Miss Rosso w's first selection was Sullivan's favorite song, " Let me dream again," which she sang with much power and feeling, giving the evergreen ballad "Kil larney" as an encore. The aria from Verdi's ^raviata "Ah! Torse Lui" was splendidly given, the florid embellishments in wnich this famous aria abounds being given with such ease and finish that the singer was twice recalled. Braga's serenade, with violin obligato by Herr Heinicke, was beautifully given, the voice and violin blending so harmoniously that an imperative demand for a repetition was made, and obligingly acceded to. Miss Lucy Stevenson contributed two songs, "The gift," by Behrend, and Ganz's "Dear bird of winter," both of which were well rendered. Mr. 1. R. Holder sang the bass song from "H Trovatore," " II Balen," in good style, and was deservedly en cored for his sympathetic singing of Schiibert"s " Wanderer." Mr. M Marcus was moderately successful in rendering Leon Caron's song, " When thou art near," and was heard to much better ? advantage in his second number, "Never more." In the duet with Mr. Holder, "Flow gently, Deva," he _ was also suc cessful, tne two voices blending very nicely. .The instrumental portion of the programme was in the hands of Herr Heinicke, who con tributed De Beriot's " Scene de ballet," play ing, this charming solo with such sweetness and power, as "to arouse an enthusiastic recall, to which he responded with Raff's " Cavatina in D." The andante from Mendelssohn's Concerto in D minor was most artistically played, the soloist being paid the rare compliment of having floral tributes presented him from the audience. Herr Volfmar accompanied the violin solos in a sympathetic and pleasing manner, while Mr. W. R,. Pybus, the musical director of the evening, performed alike ser vice for the vocalist. The next concert, which will be under the direction of Mr. C. J. Sharp, will be given next Saturday, when the follow ing artistes will appear:-Miss Bertha Rossow, Miss. Minna ; Schrader, Herr Gf. Volltnar, Messrs. T. L. Middleton, and H. G. Nash. HUDSON'S SURPRISE PARTY., Hudson's Surprise Party reopened at Garners Rooms on Saturday evening for three farewell nights prior to their departure for an extended tour through.India and other eastern countries. Mr. Hudson has put on an excel lent progamme for the benefit of his patrons, and it was received with unmistakable sign3 of approbation on' Saturday. Mr. Hudscgte has included now in his "Surprise Party the Perman Bros, and Mi*. McKisson, very clever acrobatic artists, who have established them selves as favorites with the public.; The cus tomary programme, of songs, sentimental and comic, farces, &c.;, was carried out "without a hitch, and the unstinted applause accorded the various members of the company are evidences of the fact that Mr. Hudson is always welcome at Garner's Rooms. THE FASTING MAN. Saturday next will conclude Tanner's 40 days and nights' fast. To-day he enters upon the 35th, and he is beginning to feel the full measure of the endurance required to complete his task. He has fallen away about SO lb. in weight. On Saturday large numbers attended his receptions, ladies being particularly pro minent. MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. , A large number of persons visited this enter tainment on Saturday afternoon and evening, a handsome present being handed to each visitor to the illusipn. The annual meeting of the Bishop's Ho&e; Mission Society will be held in the Town Hall this evening. Amongst the speakers will be the Bishop of Ballarat and the Bishop of Ade laide. 