CHAPTER IV. THE HINDOO'S Vf-iliXING. Simrha seated himself upon a chair near the door, and slowly repeated the questions and answers, each and all, which had passed between Eeubsn Cogswell and myself during my strange dream, for I could explain my late experience no other way. When he had finished, I sprang to my feet in anger.' 4 Go on,' 1 cried. 4 Tell me all, for there is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on me to en gage you as my servant, because you were in want, have by some infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would have kept, even from Heaven, had I the power; and now I swear that you shall never leave this room alive until you have answered every question which I shall ask.' I held in my hand a revolver, the hammer raised, and the muzzle pointing straight at his head, but, notwithstanding my attitude and the danger which seemed to menace him, he did not ■ move. ' Let the sahib ask the question before he shoots,' said he, calmly. * Do you know the descendant of this Reuben Cogswtll?' ' Yes.' * Who, where, and what is the person ?' ' She is a grand-niece of the Rajah Nahmanha, and resides in his palace in Odeypore. What is she ? A true danghter of Vishnu, and I, sahib, am her slave.' I lowered my weapon, and in a moment more he continued: * Let the sahib listen,' he said, with a dignity that impressed me, and let him take heed. During tho night before he left hi3 native place a double crime was committed, with the com mission of which he was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friend released him, and he escaped.' I was by this time walking back and forth in the little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carried the revol ler, and in my mind many schemes arose for rid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant. I did not interrupt him, however. ' Yon are bound for the East on a most danger ous mission,' he said, and your path will be beset with treachery and danger continually. When yon least expect it death will staro you in the face. When apparently in the greatest security, perils subtle and sudden will stand on either hand. Sleeping, waking, in ..company or in solitude, a danger mightier than .the sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by the tiniest web the spider spins. And so long as ths Rajah Nah manha lives your peril will continue, until it ends with your death, unless you are prepared to turn back from your present intentions and forsake all further eftort to find the heir of Reuben Gogs well.* ' Never 1* I cried. Again that faint smile, like the Sitting of a phantom, passed across his face. ' I have not done,' he continued, ' for I knew before I spoke that you woifld not turn back. There is, Sahib, a brighter side, for a friend—the friend who liberated you from prison—will watch over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and the sword is about to fall you will ba sure to be warned. How cannot, be told, but let it not matter how the warning comes heed it; no mat ter how many there are, heed them all, or you will die.' Who is this friend?' I aBked, pausing abruptly in my restless pacing.to and fro; 'and, Simrha, who are you? Not a servant, surely !' Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen; you shall know all that can be told. With that yon must be satisfied, for nothing more can be revealed at present. When your enemies find that you escape them and still live, they will resort to apparent warn ing to lead yon into danger; but heed them not. You will always know the messages of your friend by the word " Nurha," either spoken or written.' Why do you tell me. this?" I ssked.'1 To frighten me 1 If that is your reason, Simrha,you will not sncceed. No more questions can be answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told take heed, for the truth has been spoken. I deceived yon in order to enter yonr service, bat that was done for the purpose of this interview. Yon could not be spoken to until we were on the water. Now that the words are spoken, we must part. Remember, sahib, all that yon have heard, and if you heed the warning we shall meet again : if not, you will fail; and, if even you had a hundred lives re given you, one after another, yon would still be— dead.' Turning abruptly, he. re-opened the door, and left me, while I, seating myself once more upon the edge of the bunk, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over the strange words I had just heard. . Was I, then, in such great danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Rsjah so powerful that his influ ence extended into foreign lands, threatening people's lives? Bah] The idea was preposte rous. And yet, how had Simrha known so much of my affairs ? How was he to know that I was in any way connected with the affairs of Reuben Cogswell ? Nay, more! How had he become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which had hastened my departure for the East, There was only one answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, a-nd that was in verification of his statement that the agents of the Rsjah were upon every hand, watchful, subtle—aye, and fatal too. But why had he warned me ? Why had he selected me out of the chaos of Hindoo hatred to be watched over and finally saved as he had inti mated ? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers ? Was it part of the treachery to which he referred ? or did there exist some motive of which 1 had no conception for his friendliness to wards me ? Alas 1 there was no answer to that! ' Stop 1' I exclaimed, hurriedly. ' I will go on deck and find him, question him further, and force him to tell me more. Without thinking twice, 1 left the stateroom for the deck, on reaching which, however, not a sign of Simrha could be seen anywhere among the passengers, although I walked back and forth, eagerly looking for him. At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would be fruitless, 1 spoke to ths chief officer, and explained to hiin my wish to find my servant. * Oil, yes,' he said, ' remember him perfectly— a strange-looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian—eh ? 1 thought so. He spoke to me here oa deck less than an hour ago. Lost him —eh ? Well, he is somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.' .. _ Calling the pursuer to his aid, we three resumed the search, but after occupying an hour in fruitless endeavours to find him, we met again. ' He couldn't leave the ship very well, unless he went overboard,' said the officer, 1 and he could not very well do that in daylight without my hear ing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and 1 will find him if 1 have to ransack the ship from stem to stern.' We begin with the steerage, every one of the passengers in that part of the vessel being com pelled to pass in review before us, We went down into the hold, where stowaways secret themselves. We looked among the stokers in the boiler-rooms. In fact, not a portion of the ship where a man could by any possibility have secreted himself was left unexamined. Simrha bad disappeared. The entire ship, crew and passengers alike, he came interested in the strange and inexplicable event, and felt that he must be found; but as the day wore on, and still my Hindoo servant was mis sing, 1 gave him up. ' He must have gone overboard,' said the chief officer to me, when the search was completed, 1 for 1 am positive that he is not aboard the ves sel now.' And so thought 1, and although 1 could not be lieve that he had voluntarily thrown himself into the sea, 1 concluded that in attempting to conceal himself he had somehow fallen overboard and been lost. On tbe following day a new excitement of some kind arose, and my missing servant was forgotten, until almost night, when the chief officer, followed by the steward, approached me as I smoked my cigar on the deck. ' The steward tells me a strange s'orv,'said tho officer, ' and 1 have asked him to repeat it to yon. If, after yon have beard it, yon would like to have the ship gone over again, it shall be done, although 1 think it useless, and the steward's 1 story nothing but imagination.' ' Let mo hear it,' 1 said. He said that half an hour before he was put ting away som; glasses in their proper places, and had occasion to step into a back pantry, where be kept several kinds of dainty food. <Se. He opened the door suddenly, and was frightened nearly out of his wits by the sight that met his gfcze. Standing at the farther end of the pantry, with ; a glass of wine at his lips, was the figure of my Hindoo servant Simrha. The steward quickly recovered his wits, how ever, and cryiag, 'Aha, 1 have caught you, have 1 ?' sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But he had not taken the second step before he came to a sudden stop, for the Hast Indian was no j longer there. -He had disappeared--.before -the.j Steward's eyes, and at the further "end" of a little closet-like room, from which there was absolutely no means of escape, except by passing through the door behind the indignant steward. The man rnbbed his eyes, thinking that some thing blnrred bis vision, bnt the Hindoo had van ished like the flame of a lamp when quickly snuffed oat. The second look satisfied him that he was not mistaken, whUe on the other: hand he was as posi-' live that the strange man had been there when 1 he first entered. Thoroughly frightened, he turned and fled from the place, convinced that he had seen a ghost, and going straight to the chief officer, he had told the story which in turn was related to me. ' All imagination, 1 say,' ejaculated the officer ' but all the same, Air. Merton (that was the name j 1 had caused to be entered in the pisseager lis. for mine) we will make another search if you say so.' ' Let us go into pantry,' 1 replied. ' Had Simrha indeed been there engaged in drinking wins, there will bs some evidences of his presence there, surely.' We went together to the steward's pantry, and there, upon the little table at the further end was a half-empty bottle of clftrat hud a glass, both of which the steward took his oath were not there wben he had gone out of the place a couple of hours before, encountering in bis way what he now thoroughly believed to be the phantom of Simrba. ' Ghosts don't drink wine and eat biscuits,' said the chief officer,1 and here are crumbs which show that somebody has been engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Merton ?' 1 did not know what to say, feeling as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny shapes and inex" plicable events, which somehow influenced me ' Let ns make another search,* said 1, after a panse. This time it was mad9 with even more tho roughness than it had been before, the differ ent parts of the vessel being examined simulta neously. The result, however, was the same as before, as after two hours had been consumed'in the fruit less search for the Hindoo, the chief officer sought me oat again. ' It is useless,' he said ; ' the fellow is not aboard this ship—1 am certain of that.' ' How, then, do yon account for the steward's story ?' 1 asked. ' Superstition and imagination,'he replied; and he turned away to attend to his duties; When 1 went down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings oif superstitions dread and sceptical donbt in my mind. 1 could not shake off the feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, , and caught myself looking earnestly into dark corners and obscure places, half expect ing to see him silently and complacently regarding ! me with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon his swarthy face. 1 even went so far as to pull aside the curtains and peer under my hunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at me | from among the life-preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice the steward reported that articles were missing from his pan try, but the chief officer charged the fact to the man's superstitious terror, saying sententijusly, ' now that Clark had seen one ghost he. would be troubled with them all hia life.' We made port at Liverpool soon after daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at the earliest moment when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly 1 was aroused by aloud rap on my ! door just as darkness was fleeing before the ad vance of the sun. 1 arose and rubbed my eyes preparatory to dres sing. Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where it hong on its hook against the bulkhead ? It was no fancy, bnt fact, and 1 seized the frag ment of paper with trembling hands, and as 1 read a strange, creeping sensation tingled through my nervous system. There was an evidence of the presence of Sim rha,- for there could be no doubt that it was he who intended to act as the mysterious friend who was to give me timely warning of any approaching danger. The note was written in the Hindustani langu age, anu was as follows: ' Do not stop in London. Go immediately to Dover and then across the Channel to France. When you reach Calais you will hear from Nurha again.' I hesitated. Now was the time for me to decide whether or not I should follow the advice thus given me, for if 1 followed it at all, it .must be to do so implicitly in blind confidence and ob idienca. How had the note been placed in my room while I slept? Was Simrha really alive and aboard the ship ? If so, he must indeed be adroit successfully evade the men who had searched for him so diligently through every part of the vessel. It was evident that 1 could not avoid him. Why, then, attempt it ? If he were indeed my friend, 1 felt that my mission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not escape this strange man. ' I will obey !' 1 said aloud; and then I sprang hurriedly around, for a voice behind me had re plied almost instantly: ' Nnrha thanks you.' ' Who spoke?' 1 cried; but no one answered. A careful search satisfied me that 1 was alone. '1 am beset with devils—or angels,' I muttered, ' or else 1 am going mad.' My toilet wa3 completed in the utmost haste, and I left the ship without delay, making my way as rapidly as I could to Dover, and thence across the Channel to Calais. Nothing occurred worth remark daring the time j thus employed, and I resolved to remain in the quaint old French town a few days for rest and to recover my mental equilibrium, which 1 felt was rather awry since the night when I had completed my bargain with—whom ? With Prime and Hurley, or with their ghosts ? Ugh ! At all events, I had completed the bargain. With whom or what that bargain had really been completed, could avail nothing now. It was done, and there was an end of it—so far? Four days passed in this way, and 1 had decided to take my departure on ihe morning of the fifth. lij 3 [To be Continued.] 