A STAGE GHOST. In the eontse of thirty years' experience as an actor and manager intse provinces, I htve bad some curious adventures, bnt never oae Bo utterly beyond my powers of comprdien- «ou as an occurrence wbieh took place Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Christmas 1872\. I have often related tbe details of this matter my friends, and it 'was talked of freely at tbe time. Of coansey every man who beard it had a theory of bis own wherewith to account Cor the jnraflput which I could not possibly account for ; nevertheless, none of these theories ever ssdsGodineV and I am as much mystified to-day about that stcangr^ afEair as I was tte day -ft happened, tiow eighteen years ago. Woolfoid, as most people—at least _ of my profession—are aware, is one of most important theatrical towns in England, and its Theatre-Boval is visited week after week by' tbe leamng touring companies. Eighteen years ago, bowerer,. it was Hie habit of ebmB eampanus totwnamina large town for more than a week, end it was in' accordance with this practice that the com-! pany which I was a member stayed atj oolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We m i etoong combination, and dpring our stay In the place gained much applanwe for our presentation of Shakespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally goodmountiagand accessories. There 1 were three persons in our company _ who excited my interest in annansual decree.' The first was our leading lady. Miss Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above tbe ordinary run of actresses, and looked npon her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was a great thing for her chances in the profession that die badbeen exception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which aa ordinary mind would have found it difficult to understand. She worked very bard, and devoted several hotms a day to study, with the result that when she represented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Desdemona or Ferdita, as the case might be. Miss Lattimer, in foot, had already achieved the great distinction of submerging herself in the character which ehe engaged to present. The second person who attracted my notice was our leading tragedian, Mr Edwaid Boville. He had come into the company under somewhat mysterious circamrtances. None of us knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as most of us liil; and yet he proved faimaelf very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. Our manager, if be knew anything of Boville's history, carelully refrained from sharing the knowledge with ns, and we therefore "invented a story tor ouri-elves to the effect that Boville was a peer in disguise who was acting for amnsemenl. That he b as a gentleman we had no donbt. He bad all tbe manners and tone of the society which we usually call aristocratic, and it was palpably evident tbat be had been educated as only public-school and university men are. He was always kind and sociable with the- rest ot us; but we knew well enough that be was not of ns, and that under other conditions we should not have bad intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsome man of 2S or 30, and I often thought that be and Miss Littimer made a very fine couple. After be. joined tbe company, Miss Lattimer and be ettacfc up a friendship which no doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, .and they spent hours on tbe stage rehearsing -scenes from famous plays, just for the love of tbe thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I never saw any tiling which led me to suppose Boville to be in love with Miss Lattimer. He was always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as hs was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of bis "swell" manners. There was one person, however, wbo thought tbat Boville was making love to Miss .Lattimer, and that was the third of the three persons wbo had excited my interest. Until Boville'* sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford bad always been regarded as our most promising man. Be had a long experience, came of 'a family of actors, and wigli* be eaid to bave been bora on the stage. It was only natural that be should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resentment, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage-struck swells, an£ so on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for Boville waa undoubtedly a very fine and capable actor, and well worthy the esteem in which oar manager held him. I had often thought that JTelford was in love with Mica Lattimer. I bad seen bim watching her with an expression in hig face which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to gain speech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to cue of feaSed anger. He was not u bad fellow when you came to know him; but his dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire »ry cne wiih feelings of liking. Then, too, he was moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ug-iy fits, in which it was aimcst dangerous to speak to him. I believe tbat old Simpson, our manager, would have got r«l oi li«m but for the fact tbat Melfnrd was a thoroughlytrained actor, and a very us^tui rnaa in a travelling company. It was the iirst" week in December when we opened at Woolford, and mo were to remain thereuntil the 20th, when the theatre would be closed for a few dayb to allow oi preparations being made for the arnual pantomime. During the two or three weeks preceding our arrival at TV'ooliord, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Meifurd, and more especially between Melfcrd and Miss Lnttimer. On mere than one occasion I happened to come across Jliss Lattimer and Meltord talking together, and 1 fancied eacli time that she •was in tears, while I was quite certain that be was speaking angrily and with a sort of peremptoriness that he bad no right to assume. Two days after our arrival at Weoltord I overheard these two talking in one of the dressing-rooms, and caught the final words whieh were j-pokenbv Melford. • I shell stand it 110 longer : I'll srive you twenty-foe r hours, and if yon don't speak then, I shall!" Then he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre: and though she hai a thick veil on, it was evident to me tbat she had been -shedding tears. I wondered what it was that Melford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than some grievance in relation to business matters, of which Melford, being a peevish man, always bad a stock. And yet that bardlyt accounted for Miss Lattimer's tears. However, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. Our play that night was" Borneo aad Juliet," with Miss Lattimer and Bo villa as the two ill-faied lovers, and Melford in-the part of Tybalt. Tbe occasion was somewhat out of the- codmary, for tbe Mayor- aad Aldermen of Woolford bad given, their patronage, aad were to be present in. fall force. When the curtaip. went np there was hardly stauiiDg-room in the mere popular parts of tbe house; and by tbe tizie we had reached tfc.e ball-scene, and Borneo e&w; Juliet fe* the first time, there- was not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes,, for Iwe or QOney. It seemed to me tbat Bo«Ue was somewhat agitared that night. X had neen him early an tbe eveamg in conversation with Miss Lattimer at the wings. They were not long together ; bat Melford saw tfaam, end a gene look came over bis face. He went away, mattering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ere lfn^. Littla did I guess bow it was tneoaei We reached the aeena where Tybalt, returning to the stage, is met arid; slain by 'Borneo. I stood a* tfee wings watching, others of the coaq-any standing near me. Tybalt xtashed cm% and. waa met by &>tneo. X started to se^liow real the thing looked. Both tnen,'B»«31e and Melford^ glared at each other a*, tf Un ftMirel bad been a teal affecfiajr tbeoseelves. Tha dsel oom* me&aedi;, fea fetoay w m$wrb, fee baft I T " A C Q men were accomplished swordsmen. One of the men standing by my side remarked bow like a real fight it was. Suddenly, as in tbe - stage directions, Romeo ran. Tybalt through the heart, -and tbe - latter with one glare round, dropped. Boville stood motionless for a second, gazing at bis prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And then all of a sadden, one of the girls standing at tbe wings shrieked aloud and pointed to a stain tbat was rapidly crimsoning-the boards. The duel had been no acting; It waa real, and Melford lay there dead! I bave only a confused recollection of what followed. There was no more acting that sight, - and tbe streets' were soon full of a crowd talking of tbe awful mim^iawe that had j«3t taken place at tbe Theatre- BoyaL 3?or mist&ance; it oould be^aad nothing else. By some dire mistake, Boville bad used a battpwfcw npier. At the crucial moment, be Baid.Mcitfard slipped, and tbe weapon, instead of passing between body and arm, bad pentt.arted hie heart. Ot ooBtee there was nn inquiry and an inquest and eo en; bat everybody seemed •gtred that the whole thing was a terrible aecideat, and no blame was attached to BovUle. Melford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated like tbe proverbial nine days' wender. But Boville went 4lboat looking very, pale and haggard—a .great contraeti to Mias Lattimer, wbo eomebow seemed to bave recovered her spirits. ' For a week after tbe aorident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name, was not on tbe bQIs, tbs manager considering it advisable that he not appear for a while- Consequently the duties of leading man devolved 0x1 me, and hard work I bad duiiag tbe next fortnight. However, I acquitted my&elf; eo caaeb to the satisfaction of old Simpson that ba set apart the last night oB our stay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play Bomee, and I was all tbe mora aaxieus to appear in that character on my benefit night because Miss Lattimer was an incomparable JuiieL I talked tbe matter over with Simpson. We were both dubious about tbe popriety ofj producing tbe play again e» soon after the fatal accident; but we finally decided upon doing to, and the bills were got out. I was anxious that Boville should sapport me, and prevailed upon him to take the part of Tybalt. Hie shivered slightly when I named the part tobim, but finally consented en oondition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The night came; I bad a full house and a splendid, reception, and Miss Lattimer was in magnificent form. Tbe early scenes went off admirably, and after tbe balcony scene I felt so elated with my own success as to have visions of a great carter in the metropolis. Boville, on the other band, was gloomy and under a cloud. " Tom," she said, coming.to me at the wings, "something is going to happen to me tonight." I looked at him in amazement. He shook bis bead. "Something will heppen to me tonight," he repeated. " I know it. I feel,"' he said in. a lower voice, and looking' round him,—"Ifed. that something is haunting ' ''Nonsense"' I answered- " Youtneout of sorts, Boville. The Christmas jollities will put you all right." * You'll see," he said, ami turned away. The esece soon came where I, as Borneo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and day- bim. As I stood awaiting Boville's approach. I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness, tbat seemed to spread itself all round me. The words. 4 Here comes the Cery Tybalt back again/ fell on my ears unheeded- I tav Boville advasdngT And then—I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a voice—Melfords voice —whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, and eaw another Borneo glide past me sword in hand. I caugbt a glimpse of his face—heavens! it -was Melford came back. I heard the rapiers clash together and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me whisper: " Go en, Tom—go on,*' and never moved. I was watching something that no one in tbat bouse saw except m> self. There they stood, the livingman Boville, and the ghost Melford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, and Boville felL I fainted and dropped on thestage. When I came round. it was to hear of a tragedy. They said that Boville advanced npon the stage, and that I, for some unaccountable reason, stood still as if trsasfixed. Boville's face tuddeuly assumed a horrorstricken expression; he threw np his annsand dropped — dead. Heart-disease,. tbe doctcxs said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the mauer may be, and whatever was the nature of that strange secret shared by M-iss Lattimer and the two men, I know beyond question that my place as Borneo waa assumed for a minute by tbe spirit of Charles Melford in order that he might wreak bi» veageance on the man who bad murdered him three weeks before .—CicxtIsSs Jout uc.1. 