THE ]STE W MOR5I0NISM. (Londox Times.) The Mormons have come oiit. with a new profession of faith, the result of a conference of eiders, which has lusted several weeks. This declaration says:— " We believe in God (lie Father, in Jesus Christ, and tbe Holy Ghost ; that men 'will be punished for their own sins, not for those of Adam, ( hat mankind may be saved through Christ, and obedience to t lie lansand ordinances which appertain to the faith in Christ and through repentance ; in bapt ism by immersion, and laying on of hands. We believe in the same organisation as that, of the Primitive Church—namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We believe in the gift of tongues, in piopheey, revelations, visions, and healing. We believe the Bible to De the Word of God, so far as it is trans lated correctly, and also that the Book of Mormon is the Word of God. We beliere ail God has i eves led and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regarding the Kingdom of God. We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, in the restoration of the Ten Tribes, and that Eion will be built on. this continent. We claim t\>e privilege to worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience and allow others to do the same. We believe that we mast obey our rulers so long as they are honest, truet chaste, benevolent, and virtuous." Article 12 of the declaration abandons the system of polygamy. The political eff< ct of this departure will be very great in Idaha. There are 11,000 Mormons in this territory who will now be able to vote under this new declaration. At a Mormon Conference held at Salt I/ate City <m 6th October 10,000 persons attended. President Woodruff's official manifesto for bidding plural marriages -was approved and adopted by a unanimous vote of the apoa'les, bishops, and elders. This is the most important step taken by the Mormon Church in a quarter ot a century. George Q.. Cannon, one of the oldest leaders of the church, addressed the conference, Bay ing that the manifesto was the act of Clod, President Woodruff having had a epeci»l com munication from the Almighty. The speaker said that he was sorry that the step was necessary, because be' believed God hud ordained polygamy ; but it was useless for the church to fight 60,000,000. people any lorger. God would hold the na'ion responsible for depriving citizens of (heir right to worship according to the dictates of their consciences. The sufferings of the Mormons were recorded in Heaven, and would one day appear upon (he noblest p«ge of modern history, but the speaker bowed in submission to God's will. The conference confirmed the original Articles of Faith, including the one begin ning. " We believe, being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and mugH rates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." The action taken by the conference effectu ally ends the Mormon trouble in Utah, and bars polygamy in the future The official manifesto of President Woodruff forbidding plural marriages in the Mormon Church, is as follows:—"* To whom it may concern t — Press dispatches La^ir.g been sent for political purposes from Salt Lake City, which have been widely published, to. the effect that the Utah Commis sion, in a repent report, to the Secretary of the Interior allege that plural marriages are still solemnized ; that forty or more marriages have been contracted in Utah since last June or during the past year; also that in public discourses the leaders of the church have taught, encouraged, and urged the continuance of the practice of polygamy, I, therefore, a6 president of the Church of Jesus Christ of LaiterDay Saints, do hereby in the most solemn manner declare these charges false. " We are not teaching polygamy or plural marriages, nor are we permitting any person to enter upon its practice, t deny that either forty, or any number, of plural marriage during that period have been solemnized in our temples, or in any other place in the ter ritory. One case has been reported in whicli parties hav? alleged that a marriage was per formed at the Endowment House in Salt Lake City in the spring of 1889, but I have not been able to learn who performed the cere mony. Whaterer was done was done without my knowledge. In consequence of this alleged occurrence the Endowment House was by my instructions taken down without delay, iuosmueh as laws had been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, moreover, had been pronounced consti tutional by the court. " As a last resort, I hereby declare xay in tention to submit to the laws, and to use my influence with members of the church over which I preside lo have thein do likewise. There, is nothing in my teachings in the church, or in those of iny associates, during the time specified, which can be reasonably construed to inculcate or lo en tourage polygamy. When any elder of the church has used language which appeared to convey such teachings he has been promptly reproved. I vow publicly declare my advice to the Latter Day Saints, which is to refrain from contracting any marriage forbidden by the law of the land. " (Sigoe.i) Wilfoud Woodetjes, Presi dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Jjatter Day Saints." This document having been adopted by tfoe conference, the president offered the following resolution:— "That recognising Wilfred Woodruff, President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, as the only man on earth at the present time who holds the keys for sealing ordinaries, we consider him fully authorised by virtue of his position to issue the manifesto which has been read in our hearing, and. which is dated 24th September, 1890; further, that, as the Church General Conference assembled, we accept his declara tion concerning plural, marriages as authori tative and binding," This resolution was. unanimously adopted by the vast assemblage. After Sir. George Cannon had spoken, President Woodruff slated t hat the decision embodied in the manifesto had been reached only after a long session of praysr. The fiat had gout? forth, aa,d the will of God must bo obeyed. The question of what shall ba done in the case of members who are already sealed remains to be debated at a meeting of the Mojrmqn priesthood. 