?? ; ^yram»@a9ittmt«. : DRAMATIC & MUSICAL NOTES. ?i ;' ..--: (Bt Touchstone.) ! ~':' -??? OI»B LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. ':-(-? : v;;^ (: - 2?O.V121; ; '-? -? ' :?-???? ???[i ;.; ?:;?? ... .TOWN HALLl : ' ' ? ':,;'. ) Positively .only, for, three nights at ? ? ;? , , ? ..Reduced, Prices. :?' ? . .. ; MONDAY. TUESDAY. &WEDN2SDAY.; . ' ' the,30th and 31st October, and V 1st Jfovember, rl865. ; ',',' SIMONSEN'S ',:?['''? ?Serio-Comic: arid', Musical Entertainments. ; !'MAJRTIN SIMONSEN, late Violinist to ihis'Majesty the King of Denmark. ., ..'..' MADAME,. FANNY SIMONSEN, the iprima Vidhnaj from the Opera , Comique . of Paris. ;' '??' ?-'?'; ' . ' .' : '.'/'', '' . ? i MISS G-EBALD'INB WAEDER, pianist iaind vocalist. ', ' '; ?'??', I FISS M;' A; LIDDLE,; contralto -.arid ballad singer. ?' : ? ??'?? - ;. ?' ' ' ! : Part -the first will consist chiefly of operatic - music ; part the second — comic scenes, duets, and songs in character.' ; ? Prices of . admission— Front seats 3s;back seatB 23.-.; ...... ?, - , '.??;? :,.|-; .. ... ?!.'::?? .'?' '? -On. Thursday, 5th inst., the Launceston Dramatic Club produced; at the; Academy of Music a sensational drama., from the pen of. Messrs Merritt and Pettitt entitled ' Neck or Nothing,' a piece in which the military element is, paramount. Tbe.cliib. some months since made a decided hit with aprodiiction of Palmer's nautical, drama 'Insured at lAoy'dn,', the .scenery, and acting , thfotignout being thoroughly satisfactory , ' the-'latterespecially so when viewed from an amateur standpoint, while the painting ? was from the brush of a professional artist ?— Mr: J. Little. ' Neok or Nothing' as a drama cannot bo compared to 'Insured at Lloyd's/ for the plot is nonsensical, and : the incidental characters faultily con structed. Merritt and Pettitt are ad-' inittedly , , writers of an inferior order, and ;'Neck or Nothing was one of. their earlier attempts. From the foregoing it will be seen that if the second big production of the club failed to prove as successful as the first the play was really more to be blamed than those con cerned in the cast. The dialogue reads 'catchy/ but when the lines come to be spoken in public their absurdity becomes at once apparent. The drama was remarkably well mounted, Mr Little contributing three effective sets, the first and second of which were particularly striking. In regard to the cast, as far, as the male' characters were concerned, first mention is due to Mr Dare Bishop, for. his careful treatment of the role of Colonel Egerjjon. . ^jjjttt.frbm n .8.1y-h^»eiSQji8ne8B observable »t ' times, ; the rendition' ' left little to be desired.- Mr George Taylor, a useful performer, had uphill work with the French villain of the drama, and apart from a tendency to over accentuate the peculiarities of . the part, he acquitted himself with credit. One thing, however, this promising young actor should re member, namely, that the bowing, scrap ing, [shoulders-shrugging type of Gaul is now confined to f arco and burlesque, he has yearn ago disappeared from the realms even of melodrama — for instance. Chateau Renaud.in 'The Coraican Brothers,'; is played in variably '.'as an ordinary mortal. Mr Phil Farrell, has rauoli in'his'faivour in the way of natural advantages, and should, with experience, ' make an excellent ex ponent of 'juvenile lends.' At present, however, he lackB fire sadly. Mr Wilkin son acquitted himself creditably as the army agent and contractor, John Bull, and Mr Chalmers got a considerable amount of fun out of the small part of Cricket. Mr Galvin's Murphy was one of the best played parts in the piece, and Mr De Bom ford adequately fulfilled the re quirements of the role of Mr Davenant. Of the ladies special mention ia due to Miss' Carrie Wilraott, who, it will be remembered, made' a distinct hit as the heroine pf ' Insured at Lloyds. In ' Neck or Nothing' she appeared, as Nadine, the betrothed of the hero of the drama, and obtained fresh laurels by her unforced, yet effective acting. ^Miss Lilian Carr gave a creditable portrayal of the Russian Coun tesB, and Miss Carlyle made a vivacious Mrs Bull.: - The Mirror ' of the World entertainment is still delighting country audiences. The new theatre in Hobart promises to prove an ornament to the city. It is to bo situated in Collins-street, with an 'en- trance into Macquarie-street. . Marian Willis Dramatic Company still in tho provinces. . ? Professor ' Bohswardj of whose per formances South' ' African papers speak highly, is at present touring the Tas manian country districts with an enter tainment which includes magic, music, and el ghost illusion. ... The following are the bills at present running at the various Melbourne and Sydney theatres : — Melbourne — . Koyal, ' Bob Boy ;' Princess's, ' The Old Guard j' Opera House, 'the DarreH's and Dramatic Company jj Bijou, ' A Night, Off !' Alex andra, Italian Opera Company. Sydney— Koyal. . 'The Corsair ;', .., Her Majesty's, Mius Villiers and Company ; Criterion, ' School ;' Garrick, Miss Jennie Lee and Company in ' Run Wild.' :. ,'.In the production of 'Bob, Roy', at the Melbourne Boyal this evening, Mr Walter Bentley appears in the title role, J. F. Outhcart as' the Baillie, Ames Beaumont as Francis Oabaldiston,, Mr G.' Manson as the Dougal Creature,andMis'B Elise Juno as Helen Macgregor. , Walter Bentley 'will probably find he has made a gigantio mistake ? in opening in such a worn out piece,- while the cast of- the principal characters is the reverse of strong, the' parts 'as a rule being unsuited to the actors.: , . ???.?. .-??? '? . :?? '???':, '' ' ' '' It is proposed to erect in Glasnevin Cemetery,, Dublin, a monument to the memory of the, .-late Mr Barry, Sullivan, whoseremains are there interred. ... . According to an . English .paper,;, .the , Nizstn of Hyderabad paid ., Mrs Brown Potter and Mr Kyrle Bellew, 2O,000r for. a sibgle performance, and presented the lady, with a magnificent present,' consisting of a unique ..bird's nest, and one not unusually found in hedgerows. The nest ? is of fine gold.'the egss.are black pearls, 'and the ? bird -that - sat thereon ; is made of ' fine diamonds.1 V l ' ? -*?'? ?'? '??--?? It is stnted that Mr Oscar Wilde's drama-of ' Guido Ferranti,' which;wasvtried lastjBe.RBon by Mr Wilson Barrett, is shortly : to be revived ;it Philadplphia under ,the title of ' The Duchess of Padua.* A familiar stage type is thusr sketched : 'The idioh of melodrama lives on the ; mountain side. He is dumb. In the second act he is theuDseen witness of the murder at the Old Toll House. In the next two jacts he. p.er.vades the stage, making, frantic, but incomprehensible gestures, and gibbers, to slow piusic. But in the fifth, act, just as the wrong,man is: going to be'sentenced to death, he recovers his speech and his. wits, etc.! . ,' ' . , , , . ' ? jlr Charles Warner's big scene in the fourth act of Henry Pettitt's new drama of 1 A.: Sailor's Knot' was rather spoiled on the first night at Drury-lahe. ' The hero, represflrited by Mr Warner.'had to settle accounts with his enemy, a certain Count Delaunay, by shooting him. Unfortu nately, Mr Warner's pistol would not go off. With great presence of- mind, how-; ever; the count at once decided, to consider himself shot, and fell dead. The incident, anyhow, must, have reminded old play goers of that familiar stage mishap of the old days— 'a flash, in the ipan.'. It used to provoke in the gallery such ironical excla mations as 'Try again /'/and.' Better .luck next time !' -which ;did id jury to the illu sion. Some actors were known to endea toui to get out of the difficulty with a convenient 'gag' sxichas ' Ha ! my weapon, do'st th'ou 'play me false?; This marling spike then shall1 -serve ; my turn !' but the gallery perfectly understood the evasion, and only roard the louder. Pkovikcial amusement seekers wjll shortly be afforded an opportunity of 'wit-, nessing Professor Bousenard's entertain ment of fun and wonder, comprising his re markable ''ghost illusion/' the latest novel ties in the magioian's art.and special musi cal performances. -The professor carries ex cellent credentials from the various , towns and cities h'e has visited in the course of his travels, and judging from presa notices his entertainment is of such a class as to render it enjoyable to young and old. He intends' making aJour.pf^theT^rioyi^^wis. 'of Tasmania, 'and willdoubtkBB iflT« so reason to regret his treatment at the bands of amusement seekers along his line of route. . ' ' ' Mr Wallis' Bentley, the popular Eng lish actor, has arrived in Melbourne, and will open at the Theatre Boyal this even ing, in ' Rob Roy.' After a brief season in Melbourne he will make a tour of the colonies under Mr Coppin'a management, Opening at Dunedin on Boxjng night, Mr Bontley will visit the principal places in New Zealand, filling the dates originally booked for tLe Rignold tour, and which, have been transferred to tho Melbourne Theatre Royal management. After New Zealand Mr Bentley will play short seasons. in the various important towns of Australia with a powerful company and the grand scenery used in the Melbourne productions. Since his sojourn in Victoria, Mr Bentley has won great popularity. He has been inado an honorary member of the various leading clubs, and during the racing car nival he has been the guest of his Excel lency Lord Hopetoun. The Caledonian Society has issued a circular desiring its. members to do honour to Mr Bentley by visiting the theatre en masse, on the second; night of the season. Miss Alice Stdnkt Bbbvett, the cele brated Australian pianiBte, who is ah present in Launceston, purposes giving recitals at the Albert Hall. Miss Burvett has acquired a reputation which extends far beyond her native land as being the possessor of a firmness of touch and bril liancy of execution which entitle her to rank above the average pianoforte players of the day, and her rendering of the diffi cult music of Beethoven, Field, Chopin, and other great composers have secured for her the approval of the best critics of the day. She plays freely, yet with delicate expression, and displays a keen perception of the composer's meaning, which she re-produces with delightful effect. The visit of Miss Burvett will no doubt be highly appreciated by the musical public of this city. ' 