! I The Bullock Boast, &c.; To the Editor. Sir,-I trust you will find space in your paper for those lew lines in regard to the late l)ul!oek-Roast at Pitt Town, in honour to Mr. Morgan. Upon ! perusing your colums I was disgusted to think your correspondent had given so miserable an account. Any person not i having the pleasure uf being present would be led to believe it was simply a Bullock Boast, but allow me to correct this erroneous idea, and to state that there was full and plenty of everything that could be desired flowing freely to any one who chose to partake, from the Gold-top Champagne to ginger4>eer. Any person sitting down to a repast of sucking pig, fowl, liam, roast and boiled beef, and numerous other articles, and not being able to satisfy his hunger must indeed require more than the average class of man. The refreshments were provided by Mr. Beveridge in his usual good istyle. This alone would guarantee a fulllnaS plenty supply; not a hitch occurred through the day to mar the pleasure of those who went to enjoy themselves, content to take a fill but not to overflow. The day passed off most pleasantly; the gentleman who had been honoured on this occasion was able to give a glowing des cription of the way he returned to Windsor. I noticed a tew lines from an old resident of Pitt Town, who, like his friend, the present Member, has been awakened from his slumber by opposition in the camp. This iB what we want,-to put into activity the Meiiiber for so important a district as the Qawkesbury. Yours respectfully, FAIR I PLAY. The the Editor. Sir,-If your reportor can give us such a readable, and, I presume, correct account of the above as I read in your issue of the 22nd ult. "on a piece of board and an empty stomach," then, Isay, more power to him. Indeed, under more favourable circumstances, I should expect-ceteris paribus-a report with the grace of epigram and the simplicity of truth. How hungry they must have been at that feast of bullock j and flow of venom-poured out upon Mr. Bowman ! -when they could not even spare a morsel of " bullick" for your famishing reporter. But there is one consolation, for your contemporary declares that their reporter was treated in the same hospit able manner. It is a wonder, however, that those two gentlemen did not sing, with Jack Tar when reefing top-sails in a gale of wind, " Let's all sling ink at the cook." You do not give us much of the speeches, save one, and that you reproduced in all its native ugli ness. The first profound utterance which strikes the reader is that which appears high up in Mr. W. Morgan's speech-" He was not exactly new to politics when he first came among them, because"-observe the because-" he had been returning-officer at his native place." Great Scott-what a school to learn politics in! He might as well say that he is not new to astronomy, because on one occasion, like our droolhy friend Tam O'Shanter, he stood gazing at the Moon, counting her horns. The next noticeable matter is that-nolens volens-Mr. Morgan proves that he is what he professes ,to be-viz, a lawyer-by putting into practica t^at most essential lesson of forensic lore whereby k defeated pleader fortifies his cause in proportion to the amount of abuse he is able to bestow upon his successful opponent. Nor is he thus satisfied, but proceeds to demonstrate by his happy simile of the " kangaroo sitting up on his tail," that he once was-a matter of which he is justly proud-a veritable bushman, and finds it difficult to sever his thoughts from his early asso ciates. Then we find him-and to his credit be it spoken-clinging fondly to hisearly driving ideas, for he tells us that" be made" (drove, I presume), " Mr. Bowman attend to his duty, which he had never done before." Now, all this talk is simply calumny, which can serve no purpose, for his foes admit and friends declare that Mr. Bowman is a hard and successful Parliamentary worker, and was so years before Mr. Morgan emerged from obscurity ; therefore, qui bono! In his speech Mr. Morgan goes on to proffer his political wares, a li Sam Slick, the Clockman. " He loves bis Roman Catholic friends." Sans doubt-but we are sick and tired of hearing about it, and of seeing the endeavours which are being made to draw support from both sides. Let me give Mr. Morgan a tip. If intentions are adhered to and promises kept, we will have, at next elec tion, a candidate who will take the wind out of his sails, so that Mr. Morgan will find his "love's labour lost." Mr. Morgan, in speaking of Mr. Bowman, goes on to " make" what be calls " a few remarks of a personal character," and gives a preface to these remarks by saying that " he had to face a man who had been their member for 13 yearsbut he forgot to say that that man exercised his philan thropy during those years, while it necessitated a stimulus of £300 a year to prompt the philan thropic theme in him, and to enable him to dis cover that he too longed to do or die for the land ; of his birth. In the remarks it is declared that " Mr. Bowman was fond of that which was wrapped up in straw and had gold capsules." Well, what about it ? It is only a reason for fraternization on the part of Mr. Morgan, for he was told pointedly pn the hustings-and he did not deny it-that he was fond, not only of one, but of two glasses of brandy. But the unkindest cut of all is this last, " If the ladies had a vote Mr. Bowman would not have a ghost of a show with him" (Mr. Morgan). Per haps not. It is difficult to account for tastes, as evidenced by the gentleman who preferred to demonstrate his affection upon that part of the bovine anatomy which it is indecorous to present to friend or foe. -Yours, &-C., J.T. Kurrajong, August 22, iSgi. 