JOK&LETS.; Ho : "I am crazy when away from you." She; "Ah, yes. 'Out of sight, out of mind,' you know." A Kindred Experience. — " Did you ever take a sea voyage ? " " No, but I've used a stomach pump." Ho: "What makes tho dining-room so cold, dear ?" She : " I think, love, in must be the frieze on the wall." r, " Yes, --marriage;-. is a lottery and I'm drawing a prize," . and tho young man laughed us he.pullcd tho baby-coach up tho stairs. A Last Resort. — Mrr. Bingo: "I noticed there was- a rent in your trousers this morning." Mr.. Bingo: "Thank heaven! Givo it to the landlord when he comos." Nipping _ Him in the Bud.—" Had a splendid 'time.- I ran across a lake up in — . — " " Ran across a lako ? Come, come, Binks, don't lie so transparently.'' A Close Call.— Watts: "I understand that you consider me a fool." Potts: "I never said so, sir, but can't it be possible that you are one of those miud- readors?" Wife (to husband who stays out late): " You seem to be vei-y busy nowadays." Husband (an. inveterate pokor-player) : " Yes ; I have my hands full every night." -- M?s. Qitizine: "Gretehen, I am told Huns has given you a beautiful engagement ring. _ Where is it?" Gretehen : " Oh, Haus vear it hitnselluf. He vos afrait I lose him mit anoder feller." On the. Street. — Maude (looking at tho bonnets in the window) : " Oh, aren't they too sweet for anything !" Alice (whoso eyes are elsewhere): "Aren't they? especially the tall one with the golden moustache." " Hotel Olork : "See that couple there ? They have just been married. The bride is from Boston, tho groom from Chicago." Friend : " That so ? Sort of pork and bcaus, as it were, eh?" Fritz, why do you always play alono? Haven't you any little frionds?" "Oh, yes, uncle, I liuye plenty of friends ; but, then, you see, I don't like them very much." ' A Tempter of Providence : " How is it he can't get his life insured?" "He's a poet in the spring, a gentleman jockey in the Bummer, a football- player in the fall and a tobogganist in the winter." " Would you want to marry a man with a title,? " asked Mildred of Ethel. "Oh, I don't know, if he had a title to several good blocks of business property, I shouldn't mind." A——: "I thought you said you'd mail me that fidol. bill you owed mo ? " B f "I did mean to, but when I ' went to the post-oflico I found this placard on tho walls: 'Post no bills.'" t More Appropriate.— " That was an artis tic error of Shakespeare in having the ghost of Hamlet's fathorspoak-English." " Why?" "Ho should have spoken a dead lan guage." Policeman What's tho matter here? Can't you walk ? Want me to call a cab ?" Stranger: " No, for Iteaven's sake 110 1 I've just been riding a couple of miles in one over your New York pavements. I'll be all rigbt in hulf an hour or so." " It's getting quite dark now," remarked Cholly, as tboy sat on the front piazza. " Yes," she answered with a touch of seorn as silo surveyed the distanco between them, . "One might imagine you woro afraid of the dark." In tho Penitentiary. — Visitor : " What brought you to this place, my friend ?" Con vict: "Blamed foolishness." Visitor: "No doubt, friend, no doubt. But what kind of foolishness was it?" Convict: " Why tho lawyer who defended me didn't know enough to pound sand." Impnssioned'Lover : "Tell me, my angel, what to do to provo my love. Oh, that I might, like some knight of old, Imttlo for you, suffer for you, die for you." Sweet Girl: "I wish, you Would give up smoking." Impassioned Lover : " Oh, oome now, that's asking-too much." A Dangerous Accomplishmont. — He: "I pity him if lie's engaged . to Winnio Graham." Shot "I am sure any man will be fortunate to got her." He t " Well, she has a high temper, you see, und I happen' to know that shb is taking a course iu elocu tion right now." "Where did you get that umbrella?" de manded a citizen, ficrcoly, as lie recognised a familiar-looking ruin protector. " Before I answer that," repeated tho other, calmly, " suppose you toll mo where you obtained it originally." ' Then the first questioner wilted. 