BmUr u* W»l. Tatura Autumn Show on Tuesday next, March 3rd. Labor electoral committees to be established in each constituency in Kcw South Wales Postal and Telegraph Conference opened in Sydney yesterday. Railway Commissioners directed By an Order-in-Conncil to keep •minutes of all their proceedings, which they hare hitherto neglected to do. Typhoid and diphtheria returns ctill show a great decrease compared with last year. Kyabram Waterworks Trust changed to an urban trust, in order to secure increased rating powers. A swagman named William Bell arrested on Tuesday in connection with the Nnrbetbong murders. No charge has yet been preferred against liim, however. Horrible murder in Hamilton gaol on Tuesday morning. Two old prisoners, Bourke, 69, and Stewart, 7V, recently sentenced for vigrancy. Icing put in one cell, the former locked the latter to death. British Government will appoint a loyal Commission to inquire into relations between employers and em ployed. Ought to have been done years ago. but it won’t Ho much good anyhow. Arabs in Soudan are giving in their submission since the taking of fFokar. Parnell snys he would lead the Irish if eroiits force them to face British bnjonvt*. Rumored that Earl Dudley, a -very rich iron and coal mines pro prietor in Staffordshire, is about to many on* of the Prince of Wales’ daughters. . Another financial eriam expected is London—South American bonds cause the trouble thia time. Prince Bartinieff, Russian, sen tenced to eight years’ imprisonment far murdering a young settees Ber. Dr. Oswald Keatings sen Aesmed in Sydney to five years’ imprisonment for criminally assault* a girl of 12 years. ^ i I : Bishop • Kaon ion, : of Adelaide,1 " tadioes to take part in Wealeyan ceatenery celebrations. Says he mould • hare to adversely criticise aoodem Wesleyanistn, and doesn’t want to knrt the fellings of fellow Christian*.. Looks** if ho And C'ilmidy-dhimeo;-—'1^ ~ Big fir* in Perth, W. A., on Toea day, damage £4,000, partly insured. Mr James ShackeJl, M.L.A., jMoqaeted at Heathcote on Tuesday mvening. Lieutenant C. W. Befesford, of the Imperial Navy, succeeds Lieutenant Sternum si gunnerylieutenant in tin Victorian navy. Mr Munro, Tremier, told n dcnnta lion from the Trades Hall Council, on Tuesday, that he fully agreed with them as to the necessity of abolishing plural voting, and was pledged to introduce a bill to that effect next session. The Age, we notice, has a sub leader on Wednesday, thoroughly agreeing with us ti.at tho Vegetable Products Committee has out»lired its usefulness, ami should yield up the ghost without more ado. Three of the great Melbourne coffee palaces, the Victoria, Federal, *nd Grand, arc carried on at great looa, and it ia proposed to lease one or more for other purposes—obviously for tanglefoot establishments. Cold water don’t seem to pay in that line. Great shipping strike in London, unionists called oof on Wcdn< ad ay. Reported that Bismarck is to be court taartialled, nod required to declare, on bis word of honor, that he did not write, or inspire, certain articles attacking the German Govern ment. Report doubled. Reported fighting in New Guinea, Mr Cameron, resident magistrate, •Hacked, and one of hit party killed. **r David Bews, Minister of Edu cation in South Australia; • widely respected polit ician and brilliant editor of Wallaroo Time*, died in Melbourne on Tuesday. In re tho M'Rac divorce case, now exciting attention in Sydney, a governess naiued Vauphan makes some sensational revelations, which, however damaging to M'Rac him self, don’t show the witness to be a pattern of virtue. Rich gold discoveries reported simultaneously from Bright, liairns dale and Omeo. New South Wales railways show £183,000 increase of receipts com pared with the three quarters of the previous year. Destructive fire at Dubbo bn Tues day, nine shops burnt, loss over £5,000, mostly insured. A stay of silver oro from Sylvester mine. Zeehan, Tasmania, gives 980 ox. silver to the ton. < Federation delegates of Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania leave for Sydney thia afternoon. At Stingray Bay, near Geelong, the industry of making salt from seawater by evaporation bv sun-heat is being established. Split in the Employers’ Union con sidered possible. Nsrbcthong murder still a mystery, bnt suspicion attaches to s neighbor of the murdered rouple, Davi9. An arrest expected shortly. John Wilson, murderer of his sweetheart, Stella Leah Marks, found guilty and sentenced to death. Jolin Thomas Phelan, for the murder of Ada Hatton, guilty, sen tenced to death. In both cases insanity was set up as a plea by the defence. There are 700 female parsons in the United States. Mrs Jamieson, widow of BIr Jamieson of the Stanley Expedition, writes from Zanzibar that sbe will make startling revelations about the management of the expedition, from information which sho has gathered in Africa. Disastrous floods in Arizona, U.S. A^thousands of faroiles homeless. Prominent Canadian Liberal leaders charged with plotting to au acx Canada to the United Slates. Mr Parnell threatens to support the Conservatives. What next ‘r “ General ’’ Booth expected to visit Australia in September. Lord Randolph Churchill going to Africa to tour Manhonalan l. Dowager Empress Frederick of Germany received with cold respect in Paris. Force of 600 dervishes in Abys sinia utterly defeated by a force of Italian troops. Mr 8hiels attends the Federation Conference. Shearing trouble in Qnrensland remains unchanged. In Western district of Victoria money is being freely subscribed to lid sufferers by late bush fires. Burrowes, council clerk, Bathurst, levanted, deficiency eo far known, £188. At Clones on Tuesday T. Williams, and T. Cazlny, both young men. were skylarking, throwing stones at each other, when the former was struck on the head and died next morning. Lady Jersey srrived in Sydney on Wednesday, no official display being made on her arrival. At Christchurch, N.Z., Sarah Jones and Anna Flanagan, mother and daughter, sentenced to death for murdering the Utter’s clisid. Prominent farmers in Horsham district congratulate Mr T. K. Dow on being appointed principal of Longerenong Agricultural College. Foundation stone of the new Town Hall, Warrnambool, to cost £20,000, | laid on luesday. Potato crop at Koroit( lower Hill) very heavy, quality excellent, local price, 80s per ton. Four additional Hantard reporters to be appointed, making the full staff eight, . Good news for members —they’ll get their talkee talkee in print on Fridays instead of Tuesdays. 