Rudyard Kipling. I? the initial number of the Ludgate Itonlhly (edited by the way by that .Prince of cartoonists, Phil. May), there is a story by Rudyard Kipling, whoso contribution will probably be condemned as scarcely worthy the author of 'Plain Tales,' and yet 'The Last Relief' is a powerful piece of word painting. Once again, as in 'Only a Subaltern,' we are shown the steaming plains of India during a hot season of pestilence. The cholera is devastating the country. SEnglishmen are dying on all sides daily, and the Government is at its wits' end how to fill up the vacancies till the autumn drafts arrive. After an appalling experience of eleven mnonths' fever and pressure, young , Haydon, of Girdbauri's holiday comes round, and he hies him to the hills. '. At Simla. he finds rest and amuse ient, and the pink blotches of iprickly heat fade from his body. H raydon has just fallen in love, and is enjoying life intensely, when an un expecdted blow falls. Keyte, the young man's successor at Girdhauri, as dead dead from the heat, the fever, and the over-pressure, and Haydon is ordered to return at ,once to that hell upon e? irth. ' Haydon said nothing, because . those who govern India obey the law. He looked (it was evening) at the line of s-nflushed snows forty miles to •the east, and at the palpitating heat haze of the plains fifty miles to the Swest; and his heart sank. He wished to stay in Simla to continue his wooing, and he knew too well the torments that were in store for him in Girdhauri. His nerve was broken. The coolness, the dances, the dinners Sthat were to come, the scent of the Simla pines and the wood-smoke, the canter of horses' feet on the crowded could have wept passionately, like a little child, for his lost holiday and his lost love, and, like a little child baulked of its play, he became filled with cheap spite that can only hurt the owner. The men at the club were sorry for him, but he-did not want to be condoled with. He was angry and afraid. Though he recognised the necessity of the injustice that had been doine to him, he conceived that it could all be putright byyet another injustice, and theu . . and then somebody else would have to do hiswork, forhewould be out of it for ever. He reflected on this while he was hurrying down the hillsides after a last interview with the pretty girl to whom he had said nothing that was not common Splace and inconclusive. This last failure made him the more angry with himself, and the spite and the rage increased. The air grew warmer and warmer as the cart rattled down the mountain road, till at last the hot ,:.stale stillness of the plains closed over his head like heated.oil, and he gasped for breath among the dry date-palms at Kalka. Then came Sthe long level ride into Umballa, the stench of dust which breeds despair, the lime-washed walls of Umbalia station, hot to the hand though it was 11. at night, the greasy rancid meal served by the sweat ing. servants, the badly trimmed lamps in the oven-like waiting-room, and the whining of innumerable mos quitoes.;. That night, he remembered, . there would be a dance at Simla. He was a very weak man.' Haydon : commits suicide by throwing .himself before the express at Umballa, and that night" his ghost haunts Hamer -:ton (the official chief) as he sits in his lonely office at Simla listening to the heavy swish of a rainstorm. 'Orderly!' -. said Hamerton. He fancied that he heard somebody moving about the rooms. There was no answer except a deep-drawn breath at the door. It might come from a panther \--prowling about the verandahs in Ssearch of a pet dog, but panthers generally: snuffed in a deeper key. This was a thick, gasping breath, as of one .who had been running swiftly orlay in deadly pain. Hamer ten listened again. There certainly was somebody moving about the For 'eign office. He could hear boards Screaking in far-off rooms, and uncor ::tain steps on the rickotty staircase. :Siince the clock marked close upon Smidnight no-one had a right to be in t::he office. Hamerton had picked up .-the lamp, and was going to make a isearch, when the steps and the heavy : bjreathing came to the door again, and stayed. ' Who's there ?' said Hamer ton.; 'Como in!' Again the heavy "breathing, and a thick, short cough. ' Who relieves Haydon ?' said a voice 'outside. 'Haydon! Haydon! Dying Sat Umballa. He can't go till he is "relieved. Who relieves Haydon?' 'Hamerton dashed to the door and :bpened it, to find a stolid messenger Sfrom the telegraph office, breathing ' through his nose, after the manner of natives. The man held out a telegram. SI could not find the room at first,' he said. 'Is there an answer?' The telegram states that Haydon lies dying at Umballa. But still the voico con ;tinues, ' Haydon! Haydon! Who relieves Haydon? He must not go Still he's relieved. Haydon! Dying at -Umballa. For pity's sake be quick !" •:Hamerton thought for a minute of the pitifully short roster of men available, and answered quietly, 'Flint of ':Degauri.' Then, and not till then, Sdid his hair begin to rise on his head, and Hamerton, secretary to the Go vernment, neglecting the lamp and papers, went very quickly from the Foreign Office into the cool, wet :night. :1P. T. Barnum, after makinghis will Sin 1882, summoned several prominent physicians to examine his mental con ditidn, and make affidavits to his s?anity?, which they did. This was to .giuardiagainst any possible contest updo the plea of incapacity. 