general jpeitfd. Hibernian Society—A branch in connection with this Society will be opened at Echunga, at 4 p.m., on next Sunday. The District Officers deputed to carry out the ceremonies will leave for Mount Barker on Sunday, and after the dedication of the new presbytery there, will proceed to Echunga. Lecture.—Mr. F. F. Wholohan will deliver a lecture in the Norwood Town Hall on Wednesday next, 18thinst.,on the " Aims and Advantages of the Hiber nian Society." A programme of vocal and instrumental music will be pro vided, and as the admission is free, no doubt the attendance will be large. Music.—Amongst the successful candidates in the recent University examination in the theory of music we notice the following:—Misses A. G-. Maboney, Mary A. Fisher, H. S. Stewart, S. McNamara, L. KorfF, M. E. O'Connor, M. C. Ryan, and M. Nalty. The first mentioned four are pupils of the Dominican Convent. Mb. G. E. Mobgan wishes us to call attention to his advertisement in another column with reference to his stock of headstones, crosses, etc. Mr. Morgan is prepared to execute all orders received at his marble works near the G.P.O. in a satisfactory manner and at reasonable cost. The New Membeb for Cork.— Mr. Martin Flavin, the successful candidate in the representation of Cork, is' a Town Councillor for the city of Cork, he being one of the representa tives for the South Centre Ward. He is also one of the market trustees, and takes considerable interest in the affairs of hiB native city. Chapel of Reparation —The good Nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, North Adelaide, are appealing to the Catholic community to assist them in the pious work of erecting a chapel for the per petual adoration of our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament. The foundation stone of the Church of the Holy Ghost waB laid by Archbishop Reynolds on Sunday, 25th inBt. The Nuns have already spent about £8,000 on their property, North Adelaide, and the pro prosed additions will cost between £3,000 and £4,000. His Grace, who has long ardently desired the erectipn of a Church of Reparation in his diocese, has written the following letter to the Rev. Mother Prioress :— CHapel of Reparation^ St. Dominic's ' iPrioiy, N.A. My dear Mother Prioress—I have felt very grateful to on* good <3od ever sinceyou set before yourself the great :work of perpbtiial .adoration of the Most Holy SaOraineht, and ! that jmi intend muting with it tbe work of repfUfttiOPt to make amends in some way for ! the msultsjoffered to G^od by the ingratitude of .mankind^ fluch A work I ;have.longed to eeeeafabliBbed in my<b(JeeBe,;aind I am most mtwnl good Hod Jhatsuoh-a work fleas the wpfkyo^hay^^ndert^ken, imeyOu to makean' appojl, ,'fop. tb - of the <JhdiiL I elinestiiy invdhe GtodV btaSmjt on all those who ehUl md 'yilm m "this .toast1 m&tottNitfiMfc.; * * ,V Presbytery, Mount Barker. On Sunday next His Grace the Archbishop will lay the foundation stone of the new presbytery. Mount Barker, at 11 a.tn. ^ A collection will be made on the occasion for the liquidation of the debt on the presbytery. a J^K: /* Cox, M.P., is expected in Adelaide to-morrow, and is to be banqueted at the Selborne Hotel on Monday evening. The toast list includes "Ireland a Nation," »Aus tralia, and the " Irish National Ffider ation. Mr. Cox has travelled through out the Australian colonies in the interest of the Irish tenants, and has been fairly successful. He gives the palm to South Australia for liberality in responding to his appeal. We trust that there will be a good muster on Monday night to wish Mr. Cox God speed on the eve of his return to Ireland. He sails by the Orizaba on Wednesday, 18 th. John Boyle O'Reilly.—A Metho dist parson, Rev. Louis Banks, thus sums up the wonderful career of this great Irishman:—" At thirteen a student in school at Drogheda, Ireland; at seven teen a stenographer in England; at nineteen a private soldier in the Irish Hussars; at twenty-two lying in a dungeon in Dublin, condemned to death for treason against Great Britain; at twenty-four a nameless convict in a criminal colony in Western Australia; at twenty-five in Philadephia without friends and without money; at thirty a successful journalist and a promising poet in Boston; and at thirty-five the acknowledged leader of the Irish cause in America." This crowded life bad left no line on his fine Irish face. The large, arched brow was seamless, the Irish blue eyes were, clear and mild, the well-shaped head was carried with dignity. In com plexion he waB neither dark nor fair; his features were bold, yet refined. No beard hid the oval of his face, though he wore a heavy, dark moustache. His hands were small, like an artist's. Ho seemed of medium height, but in his close-fitting blue suit, which showed to advantage his broad shoulders and well-knit figurd, he looked the hero of his own " Moondyne," Entertainment.—A juvenile enter tainment by the pupils of the Sisters of St. Joseph Schools, Glenelg, was given in the local Town Hali last Friday evening. The attendance was fair, though not at all commensurate with the abilities of the performers or the praiseworthy objects of the gathering. The programme waB a long and varied one, and from beginning to end the youthful performers secured the approbation of the delighted audience. i The various performers acquitted them selves admirably, although some of the solos were too severe a test for the little artists. Too much praise cannot be accorded the part singing and choruses, the voices being beautifully balanced and blended, the "Adelaide Bells" particularly being a most harmonious piece of vocalisation, which reflected credit on those who trained the children. It would perhaps be invidious to particularise, but the abilities of Master Storen were certainly out of the ordinary. The Misses Quan s manipulation of the pianoforte indicated what a love for music and practice and perseverance can accomplish. Miss OSullivan, through indisposition, was unable to play the numerous accompaniments, but Mrs. Beherns who kindly filled her place acquitted herself creditably. The soloists were the Misses Ryan, Mullane, Harmau, A. Quan, Hall, and Master Storen, and they Were generally successful. The «Spelling Bee" proved to be an agreeable item, and was well performed by Misses Ru&less; and Qqan, and Masters Steren, McDonnell, Daly, McCarron, and Pin ningtoh. The following little onesalso contributed materially to the success of tbi concert:—Missed Gubbins, Keogh, K. Healy, and L. Healy, Master*. & Healy, Quan, Gabb, and Walsh. W!e received another re port after above was in. print from which we makethe following extract:— A pleasing appearance Whs given to theHTO hJ; two farge stalls beautifully dworatefl |ntb a iteriety of pl^in anit ornamental wpri, incloding cushion)!, mf^teUflrapes, cpseys, brackets, and mats ^ in arrasene and beads; *lst> paintings in pbmtalv glitMnne, and Otis. ' • '■ Disease*. Street, Adelaifieffil m. Mvioe Omtis. ' " 4So 