Spectre Ships- In the south and west of England, and 1 notably on the Cornish coast, thero are many .stories of spectre ships. Some of them i sailed over land as well as sea. They wore ! usually visible in tempestuous weather, and often manned by had young men who did some desperate deed and then vanished. Sometimes theee phantom harks suddenly carried off notorious wreckers, who had grown rich by ' luring ships ashore with false lights. Only some fifty years ago the captain of a revenue cutter reported that he ; had passed at sea, eff the Devonshire . coast, : a spectre "boat rowed by what appeared to he : tfiA o-host of a notorious wizard of the reeion. ! The question is, how did the revenue skipper : know that the boat was a spectre 1 He does not eeem to have boarded her. The Palatine is an American spectre ship. She was once a Dutch barque, hut was wrecked on Block Island in the year 1752. After sacking her, the wreckers set fire to her and sent her adrift out to sea, although there was a woman aboard who refused to jand among such human .fiends. Every wear, on the anniversary of this shocking deed, the ghost of the Palatine is seen blaz ing away off the Point. And, as Whittier \- says : The wise, sound skippers though skies he fine, . Reef their sails when they see the sign Of the blazing wreck of the Palatine. Whittier tolls of another American phan tom-ship. A "young skipper who traded to the Labrador coast in the season fell in love with one of two beautiful sisters who lived with their mother in a secluded bay. Both the sisters, however, fell in love with _ him, and the elder was jealous that he preferred the younger. So when the skipper came, by arrangement, to carry off the bride of his choice, the sister shot her up in a room, audi closely veiled, went ont herself to meet She sailor. It is not until they are far out at sea that the disappointed lover learns how ike had been deceived. He turns back at one8, bat finds his own sweetheart dead. Neither he nor his ship ever returned home. The Greport legend is familiar to all readers of Bret Harte's works. He tolls how Borne children went to play on hoard of an old hulk, which broke adrift, floated out to sea and was lost with all its innocent com pany. When the fogs came down on the coast the fishermen still hear the voioes of the children on board the phantom hulk that drifts along hut never returns. In the Gulf of St. Lawrence they tell of a spectre often seen off Cape d'Espoir. It is a large sliip, crowded with soldiers, and on the bowsprit stands an officer pointing to the shore with one arm while he supports a woman with the other. Then the lights suddenly go out, a scream is heard and she disappears. This is the ghost of the flag ship of the admiral sent by Queen Anne to reduce the French forts. The fleet was wrecked off this cape and all hands were lost. On the Hudson River there is a legend of a spectral boat manned by Ramhout van Dam, who, after drinking till midnight one Saturday, swore that he would row home, althonffh it tnnlr him a mnnth nf luuuvugu at bvva UHU c a uiviu VA uuuuajo He never reached borne, bat he is heard at night desperately plying bis oars, on the river, on which he is condemned to row till the day of judgment. 