THE DIARY OF A DRAMATIC CRITIC. PAti. MA hi. GAZETTE. Two courses were open to tho oililora of tho Into Mr. Blanohard's itinry. They could print it intaot ah a valuable record <>! the hiatory of tho English stnge during a period of aomo 40 yearn ; or thoy oould uso tho niatcrtala widoli it contained in tho compilation of a simple and straightforward akatoh of Blanohard's enroor. Thoy lmvo roproduooil tho diary, and ono of tho editors, Mr, Ceait Howard, 1ms added to it some Interesting and valuable foot- notea, But. it must not ho linntily nsanmod that tho book is, for tliia ronoon, unreadable. It is truo that Blanohard rocordcd many things whioh cannot bo of any posHiblo interest to tho ovoryday reader ; but, ut the Hamo time, nil Ids cntrloH aro not devoid of importance. More over, Mr. Clement Scott contributes a profaoo, in which ho presents a vory sympathetic picture of tho subject of tho two volumes of biographi cal matter. Tho bonk will, to a certain extent, servo as a sort of Collect to tho modern stngo ; for it will, as Mr. Scott romarks, " lirldgo ovor tho blank poriod of unwritten history botweon Maorondy and Ilonry Irving." Blnnahnrd's cliiof olalm upon our consideration lios in tho fuot tlmt for nt least 37 years— from 1852 to 1888, that is— ho wroto tho yearly panto- mimo for Drury-lano Theatre, and that ho was for a considerable period of timo tho dramatic oritio of tho Daily U'eleyraph. Ho was a terribly hard workor — a innn apparently of limitless energy and of remarkable versatility. Yot— and hero tho wondor of it comes in — ho does not appear ovor to lmvo earned more than £500 a year by Ids work. His avorngo income wns nearer throe. And his income, small as it was, had to go almost twice ni far a« tlmt of the average litterateur. His had not only him self but a motlior and brothers and sisters to keop. The following statement of income at tho close of bis diary for 1870 tolls its own sad tnlo : — Daily Telegraph £200 0 0 lHrmingham Gazette .. .. 16 0 0 Dramatic Authors' Society .. 14 3 O Drury-Inno, on account .. _ 60 0 0 Almanack for last year .. „ 12 0 0 Observer articles .. .. _ 3 0 0 Songs, &e.; .. .. „ 4- 4 0 ' £209 7 0 F.ra copy .. .. _ .. 72 0 0 , Total £371 7 0 Always six in family to keep. Mother found iu wino and spirits and nil extras for Illness. lloshervlUo homo anil lodgings. Chambers to keep up. Various charltios to subscribe to. Yot, in apite of dltappointmoni and in spite of povorty, Blanohard always kept a smiling faoo. 1 ' There are fow men," says lilr. Scott, " who can keep the dark secrot of their lifo's sorrow so closely hidden as Blanolmrd did. He lmd tho tendercst of hearts ; but ho did not wear it on his slcevo for daws to peck at. In all our walks, in all our ramblos, in all our con fidences, he novar oneo alluded to his sorrowb or his privations, or his domostic anguish, or tho terrihlo pulls tliat wero boing inodo at his slender purse-strings, nor did ho even distantly alludo to the love of his Ufa miles and milos away. That was too sncrcd achaptor in his lifo's history even for his familiar frionds. I know nothing, and I don't bcliovo tlmt auy other of his intimnto frionds know more. His nature was so lovablo and sunny that ho did not caro to bring his wrotchcd- ncss outsido his own four walls. Friendship, nature and tobacco wero tho solace and, so to speak, tho reaction of his life. His heart might bleed whan at work in his lonely chambers ; but ho did not bring hismisory outsido his own street door." A touching story attaohes to what Mr. Scott calls tho " lovo of his life." Blanclmrd, after years of patient fidolity, won tho joy for whioh ho had lung longed in vain : — " His romance of a life had n most dramatio momout, which ho oneo confided to mo. Far away in tho wilds of New Zealand tho beloved Carina, so ofton referred to in tho disry, was taken suddenly ill. Sho was quartered in a rough Ibut homely but, which, as so oftcu _ imppens in tho colonies, was papered with scraps of nowspnpers from home. Opening her eyes after tho delirium of fover, when tossing on hor restless couch, the eyes of Carina fell on somo verses signed '13. I- B.' In this heartfelt poem was tho wail of a constant but- almost broken hearted nihil, 'Come baok to mo !' That poetic prayer wns answered, for sho did como hack. Tho child lovars wero rc-unitcd, and Carina gavo to this lonely, dispirited and, forlorn man the happiest hours of his bonornblo but desperate life." Blniiclmrd- was a Bohemian. He belonged to tho Arundel and to tho Urban Olab ; ho fro- quontcil taverns — in ttic days when the old taverns still existed ; and, liko GeorgoWnrring- ton, he led a gay but blameless life. Journalism wus not so well paid a profession in the forties as it is to-ilay. From ono newspaper, however, ho did manage to squisczc a salary of 15s. per weolc, which the manager admitted was small, but of which he was vory proud beeauso it was " so regular." He wrote dramns at tho rato of 10s. per act and ho contributed paragraphs to papers at n timo when paragraph writing was not a particularly lucrative occupa tion. His diary is fulliof rcfcroucos to his re ceipts for copy. "Bra! or memoir payB £1;" " From Bra 10s. fid. for ICemblc memoir "Go to Bra offico, £1 5s. for contributions; "Sunday Times £5 " — these and similar entries nro to he found on almost every page. The following story showirtho diro Btraits to which lie and his friends woro at times reduced. Bcstoak, it should bo premised, wns a small publislior who lind commissioned Blnuohard to write a novel about George Earnwoll : — " On a certain Saturday Bostook entered tho room in whicli tho author was hard at work, and with n rueful expression of countenanco said, 'I am going to take a great liborty, but could you lend me a littlo monoy ? I only want a pound. My paper inerohant wants something on account, mid until I pay a trifle lie won't send mo a ghost of a quire. Tho historian of Barnwell's perfidious doings informed Mr. Bostoek that ho was 'stumpod.' 'Havo moroy on me, Mr. Blanohard ! You don't know tho straits of mercantile men. You're at work in your shirt sleeves ; let mo lmvo your coat nnd waistcoat to raise a few shillings on them. Sparks will soon oloso his warehouse, and if I don't work to-morrow wo can't got tho novol out next week, nnd I lmvo no paper at all. Your things can be taken out a littlo after 6, as my hoy, Kzekicl, is going to briug homo somo monoy.' Tho author took off his waistcoat, and thou Bostoek hastily rotnarked, "'lam ashamed to mako such a request, as you are so kind lind affable, bub could I beg your boots, too? "With au illustrated Biblo upstairs, and your things I can easily got tho sovereign.' 'Have you n pair of slippers?' 'No, hut there's an old rug in the next room.' 'Can't you rest your feet on that? I'll lmvo everything out lit tho timo IVe named.' ' "Well, don't spoil tho ship for a ha'porth of tar,' laugh ingly exolaiined tho author. 'Mind, hoots, waiBtcout and coat by a 6.15, as I have to get up to the Yorkshire Stingo to hear Bob Clindou and Kitty Tunsfali sing.' Bostook went away, and some timo elapsed boforo lie again appeared. His demeanor was miserable in the extreme oil ro-entoring tho room. ' Beon a long time, Mr. Bostoek. How havo you got on ?' 'Awful, Bir; everything seems to go wrong. Sparks took tho sovereign whioh I raised, but won't sond any paper. Ezolcicl has been disap pointed, and I m without a shilling. Is there anybody you know that would advance a trifle? I'll go with pleasure, I want a trills so boil.' ' Mr. Bostook, lot us havo no trilling. Go and get some money and let me have my clothcB.' ' I could if I lmd 5s. Things are awful to con template. If Spnrks had sent tho paper somo of it might have gone for work. Thoro's n man would laud me Imlf a sovereign if I paid him back a oroivn I'm in his debt. Ho lives iu Now- caBtle-strcot. As a last resource, Mr. Bliinolmrd, will you let mo have your trousers for an hour? Not longer. A crown will set mo freo till Ezckicl comes hack from Crippiegate,whero he's gouo for five pounds. Let me have tho trousors for an hour.' 'Do you think tlmt lam going to ho played with nny longer? My difficulties have always been groat, but I'm not going to light this ridiculous situation in a stato of semi- nudity. Go out nnd get relief somehow.' Tho hours rolled on, but no Bostoek appeared, and the end of the matter was that Blanohard had to pass tho hot night iu tho printer's stuffy littlo oifioe." Yet, in spite of his povorty, Blanohard was always charitable. As wo have seen, ho sup ported Ilia motlior and family, he subscribed to oharitics, and ho was ever ready to help a lame dog over tho stile. Occasionally his charity o'er reached itsolf : — "K. L. B. used to tell with great gusto n story of an American, to whom ho noted the bospitablo cicerooe throughout ono day, ongag- ing a cab to drive about in and show him us much of London as could bo saen in the time, lunohiug and refreshing him entirely nt HLB.'s oxponse. The American had to return to Southampton that night, aud so they had to cross Waterloo-bridge, whioh was not thon free. E.L.B. put ills hand in his pookot for the toll, when tho Amerioan stopped him, saying, ' No, sir, allow mo ; you have boon healing tho costs nil day, it's my turn now,' and magnanimously paid tho penny." Ho was of course nn accomplished raconteur, and know how to use his gift in this rospcct to udvantago : — "E.L.B. bad a grcnt deal of quiotfun in hiin, and when anyouo romanced iu his prcsonee would often cup his story with somothing more lnurvcUous, On one oocasion someone in tho company was doscantiiig on the wonderful instinct of dogs, and cited somo ultra- Munchausen instance. IS. L. B. appeared thoroughly to acoopt tho story, and tlicu related ono of a dog with whioh he was intlupMlvi' |i«<iq»lnt»d. Ho was a mongrel torrr6r"of disriiputitble nppoaranco, but of verr knowing nir. This canine eritio ho invariably notlood every Friday scanning tho bills 0f Sadlor's Wells (it was during l'lial|<s's rhjime) and noting what was sot down for tiio next night's performance. If It woro satisfactory the dog used to wag Ids vory long tail ; if ho approved lie turnod away, expressing h|s contempt On the Saturday evening when ho inlmloil tiio ilog uhciI In oontrlvo to slin by tho money and clieok takers nrul secure it position liour tho front row of the pit. As tlm play went on. If Toby woro satisfied tho tapping of Ills caudal nppondngo on tho Hoar could bo distinctly lionrd ; n vory finely dclivarcd passage would elicit a low wlilno of plonaure ; at tho sullies of n Shnksporinu clown lie would grin- lint should an notor tear his passion to tatters Toby's resentment nnd anger would ho oxproiaed bv a (loop nnd savage growl. Strange to nny Unit MottohnUHcn gentleman would scarcely ncacpt 13. L. B.'s atory ns n truthful one," It would hardly ho going too far to say that Blanohnrd's lifo before Ids mnrrlngo with Carina was uniformly Had. " 1858, 14th January " ho writes, "homoall day on Man About y'oum'nnil Hit up till 3 a. in. to finish it. Tho wasted hours tho wasted hopes, warring against, but prcascd eruoliy linrd, yot submissively stoical and shockingly sensitive ivilhal. Read Emerson, and resolutions strengthened." It was Cariun who brought sunshine into his gloomy life. "Thus comes to a oloso a moat ovonttul year" lie ivritcB on tho 31st Decem ber, 1873, "promising of happiness for tiio next I hardly dared ovor to liopo. For all tho bloaa- inge I linvo received I trust I have hcun duly thankful, 'l'lmnk God for nil !" With this ox- traot our notice of tho Life and Jleminisccneet may oomo to tin end. Blonolinrd resigned Ilia post on tho Daily Telegraph in 1887 ; wroto his last pnirtomimo in 1888 ; and died in 1889, 