The Doctors Shook Their Heads. "I "would give a million dollars lor a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million, dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy tho article even at that price. Mr: Thomas Gaakin,of No. 3 Poplar Bow, D&rley; Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was .ready enough to give all be had for one thing ho hadn't get. Here is his story, and he «hnn ton it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to sayr "Dp to eight years a^o I had never lost an. hour's work through sickness. *Xn December, 1882, whilst living atBecston, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pains after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, j which would fill with water and tho latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to * fill up' and my throat wouldswell sol couldn't j button my shirt at the neck. X vomited a great deal, thiefly a yellowish-green phlegm, lnad a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and tho blood rushed out of my ears. .'I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in. bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, /and after attending there for six njonths was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all np with me. For IS months I kept getting better, thon worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw iny club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, i You are in a galloping consumption, and must die*; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their heads. "Gettinga trifiebetter my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a Utile and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 18S3, when I caught cold, got very Eh ore of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spit ting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a tea cupful at once, and was afraid to goto deep for fear the phlegm would chore me. At this time the whites of mv eye3 turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth . were dry and patched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight ia three weeks. "I managed io get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of tho furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my heads nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I could not bear the least noise, and the chil dren at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but 3» said, i I can do you no good: I can only patch you up, because tout lungs are disaased.' I then gave over taking hi* medicine and tried every thing I could heiir of. Ono thing was a cough cure from Dcmdon that cost 22s. a bottle. Bat nothing did Any good, and my friends who came to see me s&xd;, 4 Well, you won't cough Tnnph longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1839, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper tthIU at Darlsy Abbey, said to me, * Tom, aid you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup r and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wif e to Derby and got a bottle' at 3fr. Smith's stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion black as ink, and vomited. Then I fefl osle<5> and felt jested when J awoke. After telriTig the medicine for three cays my breath ing got eosieiy my food kept down, and in a few days more X was -able to go out for a short walk. By the cud of a fortnight X went io see ray master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told Hm, as I tell every one, thai Mother SrigeTs Syrup had saved my life. X commenced work at once, and hare never lost a day's work since. " Of course iny strength did not return -all at once, but after taking Soigel's Syrup for six months I wa^strong as ever as ever in my , life, and have continued so -ever riaoe." In giving his consent to the publication, cf this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to iani or to Mr. Keetley, head garden or, Da cloy Abbey, who 5s .acquainted "with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Dariey Abbey 22 years, and bears an excellent reputation. . Now, what was tho complaint from which ho suffered ? Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (as one of the d»X5tors thought), or ho would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for -seven years. His complaint was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia for chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorently mistaken and wrongly treated. "When the right remedy, Mother Sergei's Syrup, was used, the diseased yielded, as ell -discuses of tho digestive tract do yield, to that -magnificentpre paration. "VVo heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on "his reooT«7,- and commend tho facts of his case to all thinking people. 