I'uUhhi-il Krcnj Tiimlny, 'fhumhiy anil Salurilai/. ' I am in the place where 1 am demanded of conscience to speak the truth ; and there for.! the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list.' s.\m:jiD.\ )', .Yo\']:.uiu:ii si, isoi. l.\ our last reference tu this 'One Mini One Vote' fiid, we iioinicd to the healthy Vie tmian opposition with which it was then meeting. This lias since worked to a rather sensational crisis, which is well worthy of attention, Ijcraasu its Incidence so admirably helps ti, cilucitc the public mind upcm this point. T., make imitlun clear it has to be icmark,,l that the Munro Ministry Is ol the ??jelly lidi' onler. It has not a backbone to its name, or a politle.il convUiou to jingle on a tombstone. This, of course, ex cepts thcone principle of ft* being— to keep in ollicc, ,/ In the l-'ysli Ministry. Strange to siy on this point li Is mo«t (jcucrously supported by tin: so- callcil Opposition. The Munm Cibinct suceecileil the (iilliej-Denliln Ci«ilition by an net of |xilltlcnl joblwry, about this lime la«t year. The fault of the old Administration was that it had been tuolong — eight ycai-j— in ollice, nud the 'outs' du sired to havean inning.'. Mr Munro promised porliohos with the mint Iavitli prodigality, and on the fourth attempt made In one ses.iloiisnecoe.led in jumping the Treasury Hcnches. Hit iuabilitytu keep promises soon arrayed his disappointed followei-s against him. . Had .tin- Opposition mi wished, Ule Ministry would not have lasted for a month, lint .Messrs (lilllcx ami lknkin did not so wish. They mw that following their years ot fatness Hie lean years were even then on the threshold. Therefore, by a period of retirement they would not only escape a had time, but .nullify for n new lease of political life when the lulu had tinned. Hence they have given the Ministry a jionerons nml most magnanimous support. Having seemed place, Sir Munro's next ililllculty was to get a policy. Fortunately, or unfortunately, ? lie change of Cabinet., was so thoroughly a matter of intrigue that no single principle w.i- involved. Therefore the new Ministers took over l.il h tlie ph.ecsan.l the programme of the old. hut by way of variant, and under Trades Hull pressure, unhappily plural In the, front I hat wl.ieh the ull.ers li.ul carefully kept in the l«c-!igroui.,l— 'One Man One Vole.' When it was done it wa, looked upon r.s a Mli-u mill. Following the ilefclt of the Ministry Immediately ader the strike, the election of the chief imitator for Colling, wood, and tlie electoral »ucee«c*in Sydney, the Lalmr Vote loomed large, uml members of the Ai.sc.al.ly .tluo.1 in holy awe' of its suppo.-ed potency. Hence when Dr. I,. L. Smith nttncl-eil the single and a.'.vocate,l the dual vote, Mr. Premier Munro frothed, fumed, aud tried lo roenv the H.n.s,, 1 .... ?limitentiur aili.xiliilion. The Hadiial I're.'s i.tornieil .it tlie .luul prnpo-nl as a vile C.,u class kgisl.itio:. In f.ivi.r ..r lillliy lucre. Hut the chorus. ,f approval put heart In there v.ill. It citinee I the wavering and con lira e,l tho vv.-ak ; nud the tide, not of elass iull.ei.ci'. I. 'il nf public opinion, set *;. strongly ..gainst tile Ministerial pn.piiH.il that when tho measure was submitted to the Council . the representatives of the Cililinjl in Uio I'ppw House n'pui'.iided tb'i whole liHalr anil left It at t'le mercy of Its opponents. Kntumlly there is a ihrluk of lucll|;aatioa from the then majority In tin. Aisemhly mid lln preta mip port era. Then tlio four Jillnlitum In the Couiwll reslgiiml, i\iii( wlicn tlio CnUliiot foiinil il, nml Its mciwuraH ivcra ilnomc.l to a involution on an Isjiio nlranly dnmncit by tho country It it did milm.akii Icnns.'lt imvcil in ninl aollclted tho illmuutlcnt .Minis ters to reittmo ollleo on their own Iqrnm. Thla nieai.H (hut In Vlclorlii Oi.oMnu Ono Vote Is now ns ilenil n» JiiIIiib Gesnr, unit In tho cnuncH which orokcil tlio cmplinllu ex pivmloii of opinion Hint killed It I hero Ik muoli that working men ihoulit unto. First, It In found that Iliu recognition of ll.rlft, by I hotlirif ty it m common an.ung thoo)vners ofcoltngM us I he pi-opflolors of biulliens hlooki, -u . (a the rnrunim, lira mnnl) pro plctort,' 'HittnHliiaiiB with their liouee mid nlllo.neiit who l.avo dcolaral for the dual vole nnd won it. This the Trades Hull iiltliiuor.t now fully recognise, nml clnlm Hint the 'iliinl voto will largely Itierehio Iho ulceloml weight ot tho labor vote, but wo rehlHl It us Inoohslslcnt with ilomocintlo cqimlltj,' WmiM It he possible lo htip|Kiit a rotten fad by a iiiora rotten argument .' There la no equality between the loafer mid Mm laborer, in whatever sphere ho limy either loaf or lalur, nml the attempt to-crcnti! (lib cipiullty .i«, as we havo heforb polnlcil out, an Insult lo thrift nnd Intelligence. Then, ' thrift mid intelli gence «lno rccognlso herein tlie preparation for Hint Biiichlal attnek on Capital which hni nlrendy so coiionnly nllcetcd Auttrallnn credit ill the English money market. Even now they feel its effects, in tlie general de pression iin.lcr which tho Colonies arc im I fcring, nml tl.cy'tluu Inkg tho .bcsl way of restoring coiilhlcneo by a uplenillil practical protot against the policy of aggression. The oolcomc of the general situation will lie «ho adoption in Victoria of tho principles fore Hhailovvcil by the rejolutlous uf the Council Caucus. These, wo learn from im exchange, nit :— 1\. Every limn shall hnvc one vote under manhonil milfnige,'n^ nt present. ?2. Xo man shall bnvc more than two votes. !l. Every uinti who owns a freehold of tho capital valucofitr.llorof the annual value of jt:- per annum shall hnvo a vote for that freehold, that voto to be given In the same district a.- the man rcaliles or in any other. Let tlio people of this Colony turn over theso propositions carefully nml thoughtfully. Let them contrast against It tho state of alliilrs which will ensuo when' Labor has Its grip upon tliu tlinnt of Capital,' anil In duslrics languish for want of tlie means to keep them going. l,ct them hrinjj common scii'o to hearii]K.u the mutter, unit then let them decide to help In restoring gc.cn.l pros perity by approving, npphiiidln;r, and follow Ing tho Victorian cxamnle. 'The nbsunl ami nitten system of ' one man one voto ' liaj not yet I wen Immght before l'nrllnineiit by our Ministry as wns proposed curlier in tlio session. Perhaps the Cabinet hml ntiniclent foresltrbt to judge of the opposll ion it win. Id receive by tliu tono of the press guicml'y in the Colony, nud nlso by the remarks made in the Assembly when the Constitution Act Amendment Hill was hi promptly thrown out. The Hill to amend the Electoral Act, embodying the ' one man one vote' fad wns correlative with it. If tho Ministry arc wise in their generation they will aljsln.il. from any attempt to Introduce nud. an objec tionable, Inconsistent nii.l thoroughly ultni progressive proposal. AVi: would again direct nltciitlou to Hie fact Hint Tiuwlny next in tho hat ilny fur remiv ing 'claims lo vote ' from pcnoiu entitled to Imvu their names pineal upoiitheelcctoml rolls for t!ielr respcctlrc. dUtriclK. The apathy displayed tlimu^Iiuut tliu Colony this year In connection with this matter Is iih tonishlng, which, n» n conte mporarj- nptly puts II, ' g«s to disprove the contention of thoso who, u*hcn niaiilioiNl huitmgf was being fun-lit for, held Hint the masses were lire! with n consuming disire to have nud exercise the fniucliise. The fact Is that thla year those patriotic lulivldiml.s wliohave hithurto formed tliemselvH into committees in their resjwetive district*, nml hnvo ^ouc to the c.xpe.L«e of paying ciiutosscm to enrol voters, are about tired of Ihclr self-ln.|Kiseil ami thankless .tank, nml hnvo rUrhlly, wo think, tl.rown up tlie business ;'for those who enrew. little, nbout. the, matter- nB lo wnnt pen, ink, nud paper thrust into their hands licforc they will make out a claim to rote are certainly not likely to take tho trouble of giving any thought to ipicttions of tlio day, nml consequently would riot bo nblc lo give nu Intelligent opinion as to the merits or de i.iu rltH uf candidates seeking thclrsultrmjcii.' Jt fihotild be alra statcrtlint persons claim ing lo voto under otlicrqunillk-ntions, who do not retain thcqtialincntlou for which they arc now on the roll, or who have changed their place of abode, must nlso ncn.1 in claims by the 21th hist. Complaints nro to hand from Wamiuh nml Htmlcwood stating that the i cquisiten umber of papers cannot bcobtained from the returning olliccr for the electoral districts of Wellington ami ltos:cll. We iinilcrstanil that the fault l- not Mr.,Chap man's, lint resti.with thonlllelals in llobart.' wholavcforivanlcilb.it a'miall number of forms. There should certnlnly not hu any causu for coiuphUnt lu this direction, nnd thcru nhoulil not be any scarcity of forms. It would take, but a few hours to print tullleicnt for tho whole Colony, tainl ;nny surplus this year could answer for next. At the mine time it is somewhat refreshing to learn that the ap|.lici.ti..ii8 for forms exceeds the supply, and the electors of \Vnrntnh, Whytc lllvcr, nud HeiKlen-oo.1— or, perhap', a few gentle men nctiug on their Muilf— nre to he com ae.ule.1 for tho Interest they nni tllkiiit' m the mHttcr. Tut: Uxiiix S. S. Co.— Ilia recent Issue we referral tb the proposed nltemtioii in tic present kIisiiii Kervice butween X.W. Cons', i-.rts mil jMelboun.c.htatinii that from ll.umlav. Mci'niiilwr, il, h tnsskly si;rvien v.-r.u-.l \i: CTinucnced. the itonim-r to bo put .hi being tin: »a Puteunn,' Wu now learn that . he head olllec have iletiiiltcly ded:!e.l upon the new service m sbovo stated, which will Iw continued each Tluiw; day until rurther' notice It l« ex pectel Hint tlra ueiv nrnu.iremout« will ?con- tinue Lor ut lea-t three inoiitlu.- AeconlhifT to the ml vert iscment appearing elsewhere tlii! l'.itcuiii will leave this port every Thure y irum JJeccmber !l, at 8 u.ui,, I}uvonpiir( nt I p.m., nnd Kiniiloy nt 8 p.m. There should bo no causu for coinplnliit. nt tho nccaminodutloii fur coast passengers to Mel. Ihiiii'iio and tint nrrn uniler tho nllcred ntnto of nlfnlrs, and It Is lo bo hiincd that the untumrba uf tliu Union S, S, Co, will bo putronlscil ns It ilcmrvci, hi tho coiu|iaiiy's iiilvertiioinoiitit l»nl«o announced that tlio Lain. cestou and MellKinrno. servioo will for Iho future bo cnrrlul on by tho Koto nialmnii , and ? I'ntroun, tho former leaving Iiimnccaton for Mclboiirnu ovory Wcilnus,!uy nml Saturday afternoon, anil tlio foiiuur every Monday. ? . Tabmanian K.niiiiution,— Special train aimiiKenienls nro announced In our nilvor tiling columns In connection with tho Tns. minium Exhibition, to bo ohciicil In Limn cmlunoii Wolhomliiy no»t. Iteturn tlukota at elnglu fares will bo Isaueil dally to Ijiun cotton, from nil slallmii, fniiil Tinialay, Novombcr ii, lo Wnlnowlny Iho Illj, Deeombor, uvailnblo for return journey tin Thursday, December 10. Armngomontslmvo also bo'iu madu for upeelnl trains from Dulornlno to Luuiicc-ton noxt week, nml | axcurslon trains f mm Ulvinlonii to Luuiices Ion on TnoNluy l«t nml Woluo«lny, (ji Uccambar, leaving .Ulvuntanu nt 7.SU am FurHicr pnHieulars ni to fnrra, etc, will founil hi thu iiilve rtlsumout, 1'BN'OUiK,— Acorrcipomlcntwrlles:— About four weeks ago, a llttlo girl aU.ul three years old, named Amy Ling, daughter ot Mr. W. Ling, farmer, of tho l'luo lloail. was accl ilontly bnilly bunit,thrtugh bcr dollies bo coinlng ignited In comennonco of tlnmlliijr loo near tho lire. Blio lingorcil until last Sun.lny night, wlion she pnssal away pence fully In her sloop, The funeral took place nt 1'oiiRuln on Tueslny, Tlio Ilov. W. It. Howo olllclatcil nml mnilo touching rcfcrcnco nt tlio Kmvo to tho great mi-tow1 expcrldiice.1 by the' liareutJi, who have in a'fow yfcnrs lout four children through fatal iicelilunls. . Two worn iKjIsoncil throngh Inadvcrtciily catiiig, son.o borrlcH found on tlio fnnn, n|iout llvo or, six year* npi ; ono Tine 1ml was hilleil by a tree, while working with bin father on tlio fnrm n.Hiui cigmcen monius since ; ami now the only ilnujjhtcr in the way described nlone. llcnrtfelt sympathy Is felt for tlio ulrickcn nnd liereaveil parents throughout Ilio wholo dUtrlct. I nm irln.1 lo 1« ablo to wiy Hint llr. .Ioiium of Pino llond Is Improvfng in health. Ur. McCnll has pronouiicaniini out ot danger at present, nml with careful nursing It is expected ho will recover. He bus been very ilanKeroii»ly 111,. ami several members of the family were sent for from Ijiuiifoslon. Happily their visit hn» been attended with more plcmmnt' results thnn wns cxpccteil. Mr. Jones Is minTcrlnir from catiKOtlttii of tho lungs. Jir. A. Mokcnna Is nlso snld to Ira iniprovlng lu health but Is still very low. Finding a Skki.ktox.— Ur K. ladder, surveyor, founil a skeleton on Saturday last on the top of The Sisters' Hill, 10 miles from llioQiiccu Hotel, Slmhnii C«iy» Ihu « Zeclmii anil DiimltiR llcrohl'). The remains are evidently those of a voting man, ns the' teeth nm all sound. Ni thing has vet liecll discovered to Identify tho remain*, which are estimated to hnvo been lying there for the Inst 111 years. (loiiKI.V S. II. Co.— The s.». Flora which left Inst night for Jlcllwurno tin Stanley, look 1H4 bugs silver ore, nhippeil by tho Umlkln S. M. Co., for treatment. While tlio Imjrs were being put on Iwnrd one of the men accidentally dropped one between the stea mer anil the breakwater which could not, of course, lw recovered. It will lie rather an expensive bag for the mnn, who, wo un.ler stiinil. will lw expocled to pay full value, .for tlie baK of ore lost. ..'. ' 'V\ AXKtviiiiKAiiv Si:hv:ckh.— tiro Anniver sary Service in connection with the I'cniruln United Methodist Free Church, were held on Sunday last. The Itev. ,1. Stafford- ot ircic-mute nrcncucu m tiicmornliigniiilntter nooii to excellent contrregntloni, and in the evening thu Jlev. T. J, I'ltlmusc prcaolicd, when tlie church wnst-rowdc.1. The sermons nn.l addresses were uiiieli nppreclale.1, nnd thu collections wcro liberal. On Tuutlar hist thunnuunl tea was held. The prernjling hlckness interfered cullsldenibly with I lie at tendance, which was not up lo the muni niiiulvr. Tho'-spreairiioweverwasagoodone nml nil present e.iioyclthemselves thoniiuilily The church wok well Illlcl for the after nieutlUK, which wius opcucil with slligluiri utter which the tiastur (thu Hot. W. U. Howe), nffen:.! prayer. Sir. It. Uneaster, senior steward and a very old momlior of Hie cluireli, prcshleil, and made a i-apltnl clinlr niiin. Jlr. 1). (loal. sen., rend tho secretary's report, which showed — Income tor the year, £72— rii.. JC25 onlinnry nn.l X47 from I.ndles' Sewing Circle. On cxiHtiulltiiro side alxiiit C2U lia.l Ipcoii epent inircnovatins tlio cluireli ; a mortgage on the |irn]ierty of Jtl.'-, which luid been standing for over 20 years, bad nlso been pnl.l off ; Interest, lighting, eleanlng. lee., hhd nbsorlx.il ' the luilaneu; leaving the church In debt to tliu treasurer to the iiiiioiint of B/il. The re|»rt wns recelveil ilclivcreil by ll'cv.W.H.Mowe nn-| '[^.Oliver! Apolo,'icK for noii-nttciiilniico woro rccclvnl rrom llov». Collier. May, l'lthoiise, and Oar son, through sickness and other .causes. Several anthems nn.l other pieces were rendered during the evening by Ilia choir of whom Mr. (.'. Mug, die lender, lias gna reason to l« proud. }||ss Amy (irooi.l pre sided at the nrgim with lior aai'iisloniinl ability. Votes of tlmnliH were i«is««l to tho ladles, singers chairman, HietiWs, uto., »t Hie close or thu meeting, which wns elithiul. astlc throughout. On Thursday evening a children's tea ami picnic was held. Then: wns n food ntlcu.lnucc, and most of the pro visions left over from Tuwluy's feint were utilised in a pleating manner. UDDIBI.I.OWH' HK1I0NST11ATIO!,', — Tllll I«yal Table Capo Lodge, 1.0-0, 1'., will celobrnlo their aimlvoinarr hy a Mil in the Wynynnl Skating Kink on Wcduciday, No. vembur !!.',. 1'irst-cJiPM mu'ic will lie nro. vldeil hy Mr ami Miss Porter. Dancing Is to commui.ee at Will p.m. Admission, ladies by invitation, gentlen.cn, r.s. It is expected Ili.-it the ball will be largely attended. Fur ther pnrtlenlnrs will Ih! found In tho mlvcr tlseinenl; ' UiiiViXO Catti.b.— We hnvo twcji re queslwl to draw.- the HttonUnn, of ou- local butuhurs lo.thu iliH.)j-i|uui pmotloo oMi-ivllig cattle tlmiugh the principal sticeU of thu tbwn .luring the hours whin there Is 'the most tralllc. Cliil.lrx.-n always run n risk of meeting with necident nt such times, and it would minimise the risk of serious accidents if cattle wcro driven through tlio toivn In tho early hours of the morning, and they should nt nil tiracHbo taken along tho less frequented and 'outsliln' s(reg*!l 'fif (he SlEititv v. the Qukgn-.— A Jlelbourne tel.'gram in our Issue of Tuoxhiy hut statul that the iiIjovu action 'had Iwen dismissct. We tnku the following nil.litloiinl pnrtleulars fnun a itfllnuruu exel ? go of Monday's date :— Tho uctlon brought hy Mr. W. 11. SIcrry ngaliist the Chief .Justice for the rocovcry of jS-*n,OUft .hnuagcsi for sliuulcr alleseil to have IhWii uttural hy tho defend ant when glring judgment In tho enso of Merry against the (Jnccu wns illsmlsseil by Sir. Justice MoLsworth, with cotb., this morning upon the gniumU that wonls uttered hy a jiiil;;o while sitting liihli cipnclly of a ji:i^o me not netioiniMo. Jlr. Merry Inn n.iw Issiieil n iixlt against her Majesty the queen, nnd the Uonnl of Ijin.l nml Worlts, claiiiiinj; half a million ihi.tagcs for having uttered a (oi-ge.1 attestal idpy of a deed, pur]-orthig to W slgiieil by l.lni, knowing tliu same to be a forgery. Scrrlcc ot the writ has been accepted by thu Crown solicitor. i'ot.iUB Couiit ? There his lwen a 'clean sheet' nt thu local polico court during thu imst week. j I'Aiu.iAMKNT,— Our Holmit corrrcspmi ileiit wrlli's tinilor Wnlnowlay'* ilntot — In tliu LcglnliitlvuCinmdl to-day Ilia Premier slated thill ovurllliiu would lio paid to tolegniph clorks, hut for thu preionl (ho maximum salary for fon.i.lo olorks wotihl nut cxcccil tllll per annum. Tho J'nbllu Wor Construct loll Hill wan fmilior consl.loml In committee, On tlio Hum, W.'flfl, for thu |inrchnso of IJerwent Park Kslnt.i, sovuml lueinl.'iirs severely ciltlcseil tlio notion of the (lovcriinicnt in |)urohu-l|.g It in the manner tlmy hml, vlr.., ihrongh Dr. llcnjallold, It liclug nlso slnteil Hint Ihu Intlur cleared .ColMI an coinnilwlon on the transaction. , Onu inembor nliaiiicloilscil Ilio tmiisnctioit na n shameful ono but ovoiititnlly (ho item \m» passed by 8 to 4. The Item £ilU00, for /cel.nii nnd Htmlian utrects, wni ruluccil one-half, Tho Branch Hoads nml Hildgcs Conslruellon 11111 wns then taken In committee, mid the lirst three Items brought on for consideration, hut ns there wns not a quorum present thu Council niljniirui.il until to-morrow. Tho House of Assembly hml another silting of ono hour's duration to night. Thu Itolmrt Tramway Co. 'a Agreo luent Hill passcil nil tinges. Most of the amimilmcuts miulu by this C'mnicil to tho Coilliu iMolh Act were agreed to, nml thu House adjourned 1111 next day, [Our corres pondent's account of Tliuralny'i prbcecdlinp of tlio Council not having come to hntul, tho report la deferred till Tuesday's issue.] LOUD SAMHMIKY AB A MlSEII.— Tho following iiitcresllng pnrnKrnph wns pub. llslicd In n recent Issno of thu Uimdign ' Ad vertiser' i— ii In x loiter which Mr. Thomas llutton, of this city, received from Ills brn thcr, Mr. 0. Jlutton, aday or two ago, refe rence win nuiilo by tlio lnttor to the, visit :of Ixinl Ballsbury to tho colonies.. Hy the kind ness of Mr. llutton wo. hnvo, been, pcrmitfoil Iq, maVo . tlio following- extract :— ' In tho last llendlgo ' Advertiser' you sent I - saw' n Jilttor to uml from Ixinl SalUbury, who via* In .Victoria In 1852, and I think liq, yens working nt Golden Point near Cnstlcnmiiio. Therb woro two young fellows, nn.l they II veil In n very comfortnhlo f mined tent, and (III); aholonnd lwttomeil itnlnut 2(lor lit) y.inl* away from their tent.. What innila. It .to re markablo wns that they luul a servant In uvcry to carry tncirpicKa ami (hovels from the tent to tluir clnlm. They were not rigged out like miners, having white uliirls. The diggers when they passed used to King out1 Joe,' blitlliey look no notice of It. I mipiwfo that must have been Sal.lnbury. The time was cither December 1«J1, or January 1KM, shortly after wo arrivct) on the diggings and liko ilicxpcrlcnccil diggers they sunk their claim on solid ground away from the load of gold. Many new chums did that sort of work. We did tho same on arrival until wo got a wrinkle from mure experienced minors.'' CniOKBT.— Thin afternoon, nt Wynyanl, a match will bo played between tho Cam nnd Wyiiynrd clubs. A very (rood gauio is ex pected, nntl on pnpor It looks as If the Cnm representatives will hnvo to play 'all they know '—and perlmpi a little more — to avert » defeat. Hut 'you novercan tell till thu numlicrs nre up.' Wo have been informed that arrangement hnve been made by somo ot tho supporters of thu Humlo Cricket Chili for thu immcillnto pureluisoof a new matting, so that the seawii ran non- stnrt In rea earnest. It Is cx|iectcil that tho lirst match will lie played next Satunlny with thu Cnm Club. The cricketing spirit appears to bo languishing hero this year, but an elfort it being mado hy n few of tho old sup porters to nrouse more interest which It Is hoped will Ik; responded to. An cITort is nlso being made to secure the mo of Mr. Stuttcnl's pmkloclc n West llurnie, for practice. I Mills Is obtained the owner will dc.-erve thclliniik* of nil cricketers, as it is more central aud conveni ent for practising than the llecreatlon Ground. In the meantime practice Is held on the Itccrcnllon around each nrtcrnoon. There will bo none to-day on account of two chopping mntches tnklng plnco. Wo have been requested to state that tho committee of the H.C.C. would lw obliged if members nnd Intending members would pay their nibscrlptlniu ns early as convenient, in onler Hint those gentlemen who have licoome se curity for Hie new matting may l« rclleve.1 of their rcsponslbllltv. uilDl'l'I.vii MATCiira.— ComlilcmUc In terest Is liclng mniiifcstul In both of the chopping innlcbcs to tako plnce tills after noon— W. Hodgetts v. T. llecves. 2ft blocks, C'.'fl aside, ami J. Jjipbam v. J. Shaw, id |m.|i blocks, €10 aside. The lirst immeil mate should Ik the most keenly contestul that lias yet tnkeii place between any two axemen on the Const as both competitors are men of much ability lu their own line, nnd hnvo but few superiors in tho colonies. Hwlgctts lias nlmost recovered from the accident ho sus tained to his right footn few ilny* ago, and he iloes not think It will Interfere with him this afternoon. Huth nicnaroreiHirtul to Ik n good fonii nnd ». v;ery excltlUH lunloh mny 1* ex|-ecte.l. Thu ''big' orent will lake place nn tho lteuiuition ground between A nnd hair past, ami the second match offer the nrrivnl ot tho train from Wnrntah. Wu may bUUc for the infor mation of his ninny backers that Shaw U in good form and been doing goal work for the pint fortnight. l|o qx|K»t* to bmIco a near thing of thii mntoli UiIm nftcrnooii.lf not ivin. With rofoivnco to tho cballenmi of Laphnm '''I T, Townsond nimlmt J. Shaw and K. Allen, for a double, him. Id chopping mntcli, we understand Unit Urn two latter are willing to meet Luphnui and Townscnd for l--$ aside, nt as early a date as possible, nnd are anxious that nu agreement for u mutch 1« iiHit' ''' ' 'iSUal '''' ftfl'irHOOU or to' 'ili:«tCAi, VVX ami Wonder, at Iho Tito Jlnll next Monday, Nnvoinbor '.1 pnrtloulnw of which will bo found In another «- limn, promlsm to bo a grait success. The Adclalilo pniieiK stylo tho performance ns H-fkrrehr uml hiiinonius.nnd state that Pro fessor llousnuinl's remnrkablo eoutiol nf tiin piano isliisonlyc.iualle.lby |-li nunnlloiu ski I us a conjuror. Tliw, who want a good 'pick me up,' or lo enjoy a lranrty laugh, sliouhl fcrlnlMly not nils. tl,0 op1Hrtunlty oircreil jtuxt Monday. Tlio. Pmfessor goes next to -\ nmlah wheni hu will play in 'he Alliciiiuuui I full . on Weih.esilav' November 2:., and on Monday, November-':!!! PcnKuln willlH! vlsite.1. Ueferrlng to the WBrfuri mice given nt Uvniupurc on WolucNlnr iilu-bt tin. 'North Wet lUt' says :-' The ,^^r playe.1 a pianoforte solo, foU^l l.y „ musical melaiigu, ilocdiiMvo of » ktorui nt BIB'l»Pf0«|\i\RtimlH WHlSnrt boing iimt rcalWIo. »w\«n\l ueati of chiming IkjH, wwealmsHcccMrnll.vp,utfo.l, nud the musi cal porHon conchulcil with three solos on thn harp, Aftcrdcmoiistmtlng his powers us a .ought render, nud showing some clever sleight of band work, ho cniicliultil i\m entertainment with the ghost Illusion, which he showed (Iho Ights belli' tuii.oil out) ..Ibnnlnlln^pim dance, 1& IlK being clever, tlie spirl^ v i, »MKsircl on tliu curtain. bol|ur most wclnl. M n « one-innii cntortnlner' Professor llonsnnnl can l« n ii° bi1.,n,1''c-:M;' ' 'lioulil also be mentioned. Hint a pcrfonnnnc.] will bu glv u here on Monday afternoon for children.. Wak.vtaii —Our cornuionilftit m ?? -? , W.U.U.— jiiu i-nmiiira Jlctlmlist Sun. \: lehool tea and meeting look place l.yi- a\ r. it-,' which were well nllcniVji. Jiol, tati, ., 1 uotj, nnd Selfct'cju, ««ri' roiulcral li , Jilawlng njinnor. Miopn.ceo.hin ? unie i iboufina iThu commlttoe electdat ,,,,? A lut' hchl wniu time ngo to nrrnuge for the a uuual sports meeting has given up, m,,| „ mSl . 'f0,',, C1O11VI!11«I to consider if referable, olio, 1 tlioh]K,rU In H,u HWJCft; tloii Orounil in lieu of tho ltacp Uomu.I as previously decldc,l. C^i^nioiiti if ore t hero arnltlu^ . «Wp«onf(Wui tlie Oodklu 