\- -hOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST Oni tile night of October 27th, 11S2, the good ship "Mory Comlptorx," of Brisot, Enghnd, was st-uggling with a fesrifl gale ott the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the wathler ?as clear, and the Captain expectet every moment to get sight of the light is the lighthouse on the Iron Reck Shols. This liehthouse mirkiel the entrance to the lsmrouor. Once there, and they were safe. Five minutes later the ship struck with a feolrul shock and went to pi:ces. Four men, incluling the Captain were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the liehthouse keeper Ihal bound him hand and foot and extinguisheit the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights, Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall tbe said of the man who darkens it in th face of a storm-tossed spirit ? "' oir ee hbyont hum.t aid." These words were said by a lihysician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No: for he might be wrong-and in any cave he bl no bushiness to put out the light. This women had been ill for some time. In June, 1881, she was greitly slanned by her symop. toms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she couh scarcely :stand. Her iead whirled, " and," she said, "allobjects seemed to go into ta: cloud." She lihd to hold :hersclf p orsitdowns for fear of falling.. She broke out in a.sweat although cold as death. A dreadful rough reaked her frame so thit'she could nos lie doun ii bed and sleep. .'":.: n. : ý:" uI. could scarcely ncrawi mv at the house,?' seli A t'iso se wak I tried different.remedies. aiid"itdiciues hitlhont avail.' I .ent: to thd Dis domnsary atneW' Briggate`and risked the Dobtlr ole tell me thewsorst. Hiessalwer w.s, Ihavemixed'. yol some iedicine ; you can takeo. it or lsave it. I tonk it for three weeks,- thliee.ve np in deslair. "I talked with too other phy-iiemns The last one osaid,;l4 u erepast humo n aid . r ; :':: -: - "~t heart sank within me, forI had fire little children, a?oa mjdeath' sould leave them seithouv a mother's love andi caie. I wot home s?d cried till I was stck- I tmd no appetite and hid lost flesh till I Trosa thin as a gho.st lyi:mother cameto see me and did'not'know isoe. fy skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate arything it seemed to stick in iiy throat Atolot this time I commened vomiting, and what I threw op snos tinged with blood. Once I b.egan to vomit at nine o'cliock on a Satsolay miing and scareecely got rest from it until Mondahy morning" i At this time Iremeimbered that Mrs. Wilson, with -whom I fh.rnerly worked in Crawford's till, in East Street, Leeds twhere I live), had- been dnred by t,)ther Seipel s Curatire Synip. So I sent toMr. Jesson's, the Chemist.in'Great Garden Street, and got a botte. A fewdoses stbpped the vomiting, and by degrees from diy to day I felt better. Soon I could ett a dry erust, and by the time I had finislhed theseonid bottle I had got over all myhetu symptoms, and was fast getting' my strength back. I sm- now: (April, 1?0), hi better hLealth than ever before ionmy life. ; "I should have takehii'"other Seigel's Curantive Syrup sooner, but-miy fisbi:od woos out of work and we had only is trife coingig in from his club. bhut I thank, God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bat off s I ?sas.- All iy friends and neigh bours know the facts I haerelatesd, and I will reply to any leters of enlquiry." '(Signed), tIrs. Ann Mills; 40, Breid Street,:York Rond-Ti eeds. This was a case of indigestion and- dyslpsia, :with symptoms showing how far it had nffedted the' nerrous system. A.few months, or possibly weeks more, and SIrs. Sills wold have hoad no.tale to tell. SliSdid'wiotiijtto-i ait one hour for anys reason, oalter lhavng known cwlmt M-ther Seigel's Curative Syrup Laddone:for her friehd.reb. Wilson. 