UuAPI'EI XX X. S )an't eperakl of ghoste,' walled Jack, in an 0r1 tu tihu blo ild'i eionarks with which we oloi; lle pre?viuit clhapter). O'N1ii l a ,iriahL rosau from his sealt and, going to Ii uefoiotrd in uae sorner of the room, brought corth a bottle and a oouple o ihlabea. SJack aeizsd tho bottle ithe moment it wao put onf too able, and pouring one of lh gf1eaea nlearly lull, he drank i ofi without a witi I. Wiltll. •.' *'D3 George! )ou wenu dryl' exehilmec tle blonde; ' Ullve uiu the money you firolmiscd.and I'l gea out of here.' *, no, elk i dowin. I tell you £I have a' bi joc un hanl, end there ia i heap of money in ic, we ccii turn in a f(ew days--muoney enough to keep us for lilel' STu hoblf-brotd ventulred another glance aI the, mirror. . lb saw rucfleoted there only lia own dark vlWagi, to Wluwlh lte colour had roturned b" tie cIfeeda of the hevosy glss of whisky he badl takuon. 'Set down;'s t down c' unid O'Noeil. 'I tel you old men, 1'11 rlako you riohl: and you'll evie a diea lull of theleo follows it you'll only settle down to businous.' Ac sle blonde sloko hea dioslnyed a roll of bank noter. The Ilallf.breod'e eyea at olce glsamed wilh tnuther light far different from that whih roly a eacund us tu before had illumiOnate Tile ourre on hi sfoul wcu thee lsove of gatui bling, and to grlily Chis fli..Don hIi cuus hose coneiy. lHer wae a iani dpla)inlg helavy oteuc oind askle.g him to becucu la olharer in ap lain fto siflin tilmitulld. Aiain tie sulzod tile bottle and drank off a ?hs?vy quiOailitu. Ac uII dratikf tLT tllescon d glsshn io.riumed fle bUct. ' You begin ti look • little like yoursell 6gain low, i aL I ll I blo .de, ' lilt tiOl id igi youll rellillltai L tsiie ll itii conditiol 1 WBl lu aclte.' '\VmLt clidition 00 11 that?' naked itho hIallf.breed. 'V Well, I kilbdl Ii mnlll once, and lor LItwU ysr~a vos iIllntIn II ly Il, gHl l ll.,' As flu hloilde frllonu1: ict the10 word'l Ighsllt? Jack hllhllli.i l1 to 0h11ll0mu 1lllln ltii tIwllord the mnirror,wfhtn bit mintltt cuu llI.thlt iht of th, blood-etaincd Ilfalritiunll whiolh hle hlInd loro earn. ''hfu lirllo h I:,lied toiI hlialolt unl llluOereud .cr orth, alil? dil iillll hiw mih i lligu n llv eo r ouely. rllh no Ih 11u1 W it, d hanll Ity Ian onudl prO Ife op Il, oil 11111 Ilit 11 0IluNoil, ' youi nof fhio u Ili sa m in w III f sIIILL hne y ii ;11t1 for aevery lice I11 , t lior l] 'ou 1 1) I ili lih lat n lltn leif , hit d wlnill d taill oe llilOllllr dr lnk.' Jea id l not want ur0in1g o tai thle drink oand hvhli rinIered 1now I 111ht rlill iJA fiLrls terrorsl waitlh the ned rf the fInwnoftO thle whinlly, y iru111 red iullliolll aolrago to ru. fto I W tll talI1t1 11 b. o t lly l hout,' eniad tio l1ond111. aclk wil eld l ut m 1111 o1111 1111 r ly. '1T'lil ghost lfllowl:d nei for two yorsr, but I lahi hhl e t l .'0 'lfow did you1 ly hih?' af! Jaick, hle cIti 'lll I inol g ouI1 t isilli t01 rno0.llt11. SWell, I'll ti-Iflll o11 th1 r l io m . Whit we wanlt to talkl el.sith o ll'i' hr u lnivn Pin,'']h job 1 wanlt yotil to lglnt lnot with metle at Itl'ood onet, Ilt llf l tu l tll l lI 1lo d to b liht.' Jfo k hi voilellhil y iaa trllu d i l'nitllOll ntf ; 11t the no nalUOInIenPIIt a u~trel?,l repiuhlhratl vown11 was hortil liully: iNo morel bhool I nom onre hhoo I' Tlhe hilf-lbruc at thinlt hd bl h hn chair S It with hilly hal/nn Iour h,,for,, 1'llaurgrh mlno elild t illh 1i t hill i t lliw iIio11ll ltha te I iIlyta ,Lllale W 1i iolorld lIhlilorid eteiil lo lhi I 'lhli inlltl whatl re lit ymU off' it tiiat! lilml elll r f i 1 Want to iioI at Wiy trlimi bieti I' lInt'lllrr l f ri Jaillf in husky fluios SVhy do you want to t to wny ' ' Didn't you hear that voice?' asoed the halftbreed., .., 1dt; * fear what voice?' 'A voice which said," No more blood I no more blood 1"' * No, sir I I heard no voice. You must be drunk, or else you're haunted.' Jack rose to his feet and moved toward the door. 'Where are you going now?' asked the blonde. * I am going to leave this house.' ' Well, if you won't stay, I'm not going to coax you.' The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done so than he uttered it piercing acream and dached the door to again. ' IIung it, old man I you're drunk, sure I' said the blonde, while a smile played over hi face. 'Oh, heavens I' groaned Jack. ' What's thu moatterl' asked O'Noil, 'Didn't you sea it?' 'See what l' SWhy-why, a- a-' SA what ? My man, you are as drunk no a boiled owl. You talk more mysteriea than any loan I ever naw, drunk or oober.' Jack moved over to the far part of the room, and said, pointing towards the on0 trantlce SOtncun that door I' ht'D,ltrrngh stepped forward and opened the door. Nothing ialo visible. .'*y thunder t I mout be druunk or I'm dreauming muttered Jack, SWnant did you rIt?lts you saw?' asked the blondet ' The ghost of my mother,' answered the hall-brecd. 'Did you kill your mother?' SNo.' ' Well, then, you'reo drunk suro ; for you will never see a ghost unless it is tho phaln tom of some one you have murdered. I know that. The detoetivo shut thedoor,when Jack tot tcred acrons the room and opened the door himerlf. There, in the darkness, stood the form of Harry Trendall. The blood shone red on Ilia fair ltoltk, hil face pale, suand his oye gleaminig with a etrongo light. Jaon left the door etanding open and, stag. goring belt into the room, nasked, addressing theo blonde: 'Do you see anything in that doorway?' 'No.' ' Are you nuro?' ' Oi, eo along with you, old man. You are ntnly fooling. Don't you suppose that 1if 1 saw anything there I ohould say o at once?' 7 'ho half- breed made a movement to pass through the door despite Chto presence of the phantom, whoen tho latter raised his hand warningly, and motioned the trrified fellow back. Tno halt-breed recoiled, after doishing the door to. SWell, I'll be hanged, old boy, if you ain't making me nervouso. guess you'ro crazy ; you make mly tlesh crawl 1' S1 saw it again l' 'Saw whiat ' ' Jy mother's ghost I' ' Son here, Jack, you had better go home. I do not think you good ucompany. I do not want you around here. You make me nor youn.' An O'Neil spoko Itoe advanced and opened the door. Jltok glared in tho'paesnge way and saw nothinog. ' There, get out; you arn tight or crazy I' said tie blonde. The hial-breod moved toward the door, thinking that probably the prOeenco of the blonde might keep the apparition down, but thememtnt. ho reached tine tthroehol tloe figure appeared in view, and waved him bank as, before. Once more the Indian recoiled, otricken with terror, and exlcaiming, in wild, hysteria tones : -. Ah, ha I there it is I there it is I' ' 'There' wlhat?' asked the blonde; ' I eon nothing I' The latter swung the door to and address. ing Jack, said: SSee thert, old man, there is something up with you. Now, tell ma just what you think you ne.' Jack was quite unnerved, and too muobh oalakon to lie ally more, and he said: As I lifn, I naw the ghost ol a muan I used to know I' * Who is the main' ' A manl who ran awany.' 'Ian away from where?' ' froum a place up in tile country,' 'Then heo must have been murdered I' I didn't tutrder him I' ' You are spoaking falsely I' came a hollow voice. Tlte hallf-breed'a tongue clove to the root of his mouth, Oois face was horribly diatorted, but he was speechlese. O'Neil stood by, seenlingly unnonecious of any sight or nound but thiat which fell from the iutcrinli man before hinm. At Iuht;tti the hall-breed found voice and naied : 'Did you hear anything?' ' otning.' \- l'io shadow spoke I' sail Jack, in a gasp. ing vioe. 0 l See here, old mnan, you're keeping tome. thint: back, esid the blonde. W'iaodyou mean? ' ' Whooo gllhie init you ce l' ' Tile ghlot ot ntarry Trendall.' ' Vhy llould his apparition appear to you, Jack ? I do not know.' 'Ti foalso I' cameI the voice. SDid you hear it then ?' asked Jack, in trenliblug tones. SI heard nothing.' 'Oh, whntat hall I do?' multerod Jack, in a terrilfied tone. 'If that ghoset I hianuting you you niuet " lay " tlun,' naid O'Neil, ' llow can Il?' id Jack. IO tell you tipparitioenl don't hiaunt ine uIlnless thly wa!lt thlll to do oinethintg you ilmllt find ouatwhat tilne ghoet wanto you to do, and you will be all right i that ia the way I hlid my gtiopt.' 'Iliw can I find out what the npirit wants me to dol' ' You i ui t lctprak to it,' ' I uun't.' 1' 1i) might an well do it first as lent, old mnian, for tis it ihas left its gravi onea it will oleitu toi yoll lltil youll ateitU to Whnt it Jlck wtitl elloit a oeotd, lhbu nt lot lntih t'nl tert l cotultllllut ( loU tIg to t ay : ' n luth tdoir.' S\Vll ou vpeiak to iLt?' Tiio detective at onen openeid thile loor, \tli tlthle, Ilnllldilnl( In tlhe itts il(,p-\v ay, was th II uru, terrible anid phnaltly as altin iirol CIIhAP l Ilt XXX. (Itllnl ans d n ,,t o , e,0 tlit Il I tllr i ut t 'l,. T eIt inatbr,., st,)od equlaIlly IntitlolllO%, t hill I it't rllll, 1 it titrell ,, tl rn 'IltreO ilV Oe lian i th ",llw on II tnll loll hil. that of oltn. NIi. It1 hnt1 yullr atioi n I lmnil that * t 1. ilt', I th rol ' r mllllllltrecl Ja.ck, ' \V llI, l,?in tott (o .i ' ,i ill Ilevi r havi an I tin,lr e oll nllil, ' 1 Ineon I railling In b In ii t ' ll nt11 talt n il rs ,Ii1,1 hel que | inveh in pt hl, It ni i 0ii tin bti ln ' itiut t ii'h I i th.? iw ti?till st -?t.I ill'lt I ti l t lit i loll. J 'Illdll b l I, I eyl I noulll ,r ,d Ii III' mhiL : '\Vuld you p?lkek tL o un,,?' The apparition bowed its heaad. Jauk's face became livid and his features worked with nervous twitahes, which were painful to behold. "A, t tl At last he meanaged to gaop: . What would you-you-' Slowly tihe figure raised its armn and made a swayinog motion, indicating that it desired Jaok to follow it. Jack shook his head involuntarily, as much as to say, ' No, I will not follow thee, then horrid ohape.' ' Why don't you speak to it if you see it?' said M'Darraglh. ' I have spoken to it, nod it is motioning me to follow it.' SDon't you do it.' SWhlat shall I dol' ' Toll the thing to speak out, and that you will promise to obey its beheats.' Jaelc managed to articulate the words: ' Speak to me, and I will obey your com. mands.' The lips of the ghtost moved and, in a asp. ulohral voice, cama the words : 'Will you swear?' ' Swear,' said the blonde, eagerly. ' Did you hear the volse then?' asked the ball. -breed. M'Darragh saw that he had given himself away, but quickly recovered his ground by naskint, innocently: i 'Didn't you any something about swear. al?' 'It was the ghost.' ' Well, if the ghost wants you to swear, why ewenr away; you'll have to do it soorer or ltater.' '1 will swear,' said Jack. The ghost rained its hand andin Otrangely awful tonen, said: 'Svear that you will do as I inotruoC.' * I ewear I' said Jack. Your oath is recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A ant nt's ~ :ilence followed. O'Neil innocently acked : ' What is going on now ? What is the gltnat doin: 1' SNothing.' S.\Ak what it wants you to do, man; there must be something wrong.' 'What would you have me d, IHarry 1' said Jack. 'You murdered me I said the glhost. Jaok made no answer to this rnargo. Altsr a conei'ierable paueo the phantom proceeded : ' You murdered me, and unless you do as I comomand I will haunt you until the cvt. daneo is seured that will lead to your exeou tion.' SWnat am I to do?' naked Jack. *'o to soma one and reveal the hiding. plac of Miso Edelin. 'I will !' ' 1:;0 I Do it, or you die I' Agatin thure was a pause, when the voles repeated thle word 'remember,' and disap. pet:red. ' Thank heaven,' mutlered Jack. Is it all over ?' said O'Neil, 'It's gone.' 'Wall have you got a hard job ?' 'No.' The half.breod's nerves were completely unstrung, his fieroe, stubborn natur- qulte subdued. Alter a second he said: ' Close the door.' Mf'Darragh did as requested. Na suspicion aesnaed to hav~orosaed Jack s mind. Ile evidently appeared to ascept the sooene as real. 'Take a drink I' sald the bloude. Thile half.breed had just managed to rea:o a glasn to Ili lips and drink it (if, whlen the word, diatine:ly pronounced, fell upon hie cur: ' l'semnlher I' O Neil acted in a perfootly natural way and enid : Now that you Ihve got through with your ghost we can talk shoua the hueiness we have in hanld' * Not now,' said the hal.-breed. ' \hy not?' ' Are you a friend of mine, Tom I' enquired the hall-breed. 'Certainly.' C uan you hold a secret?' ' Certainly.' ' Would you care to hear what the ghost said?' 'Well, I am not particular, but I will listen to your story if it will eane your mind at all.' 'I have a secret,. 'Well?' ' The ghost commanded me to reveal that secret.' \\\'ell, you hod better do as the ghost told you,' said O'Neil, carelessly. 'l'tt is what I want to do.' I)o you wish to confide your secret to ate, then ?' * Yes. ' Well, go ahead.' ' I had a hand in the abduction of a gal.' ' lhat isd many a bad luan's case.' 'I rsla to eoveal the plaleo where that gal is coneoloed. " 'PTo whoml' ' The ghost didn't say.' S\Vt'll, yoell must interview tlhe ghoat again and find out who it wants you to reveal the saeero to.' 'It oaid sosleone,' ' Ila a onlo one.' '1 will reveal theo secret to you.' 'I als a good man to learn a secret.' 'l'hl gal's nsaln is Plarian Edelin ; she is supposad to be dead, but she ttill lives and Is kept a prisoner. It was hard for i 'Darragh to avoid an ex. olanlntion or expression which would lhave betrayed hism. 11,a maoalged, however, to keep both tolngue and laee, and restuakld in an indifferent ' 1I the girl a relative?' ' The gtirl you anr engaged to ?' 'No.' 'Well, what lsave you to do with the mat. ter?' 'Hlo is the igirl the gllost was to have married on thts' day s died.' 'a on with your story.' 'iYnt have heaord of ila lowelled corpse that was found a low days ago?' S\VWeIIl, that was the body of a gal that died in th t ho"pitlal, Bid ta wan dreenad it tshe rent gal's clothre.' 'Os, let msn seo,' naid ON' it, rolloetively; 'It ntlrlaes le that I readl Onsotthing ahoult thso ea. Iirst there wa a mani omislotg anll then A tirl.' l\Vll, the girl is not dead, then, after all ?' 'Ne.' tsWhtee is sIte hlsing ?' 'Jhs in a Ilrieoner isl tlo Isouas of sanln psle ;s Inear I'- , ts's ht do they want to keel hier a prisoner '1o got her property.' aI lOw cnl aIssyssOe 'sst her Iprlperly na lollg sele llwe I' 'As s?Oo l o the axOlitee lt? habllwll over the atol solbe Isas oisonsl and nver sean or Ilelrllll Inore, It Is a drsle, aRIei, andl whsns It In all plsynd ntl I aml to hIave a big enlat, .' ' AiI that Is ti1s reason yoel hIhle your seoret ns well, 'ti flOSnml s I' sals the della. tlvl sIs a tsens Ilsnt satlsslud th hallsbrInsd to ht' rlsml hhl feeII and talter anl sxslonllstloln 5sf assnlllllslllll'tl. ' ?otso r 1 55'eo Is pIIysd esUt, 'ss Who ars you ?' akevd thle hasllf.hrced, I 'I a 51is ehan ols I) asos Inesn one your track frsr Ihe last fw ,vsonthts' ald at last I Ihave rUll ysssl Is, esarth,' A t''rtlsl rysellontssss nslelss to lall over Y si acr n ar Its'lstssstivt' I 'lasts, asand sos si's 1 y 1r5i sserlt' v ''k la tl. s I. l tIal hI st nhlldt hnIs to drowv s i ts l s i ,,rlI rII sl lO Its 5' 1llh llssn ll isssa Iove. ltlr I ve 5In rt 5l5ll stt sol'd !.rOt tlsa in a tone of absolute despair he groaned: SI am ,old " I' .'Al : SYes. you are, you scoundrel I' The Indian turned his head and found that he wane in the grasp of the ghost. Harry Trendall did not seem mueh like a phantom at the moment, and yet his pre. cenoe in fleh and blood appeared to unnerve his prisoner more than if tlo had been n aap parition. '*larry Trendall, alivoe' ejaoulated the half.breed. SYoe, I am; but no thanks to yon, you enoundrel I' M'Darragh stopped forward at this instant and before Juak was aware of what was to transpire he found his hands olasped in a pair of stoul bracelets. * Your race of crime is run, my man I' said M'Darragh. Jak wan perfeootly mute for a few seconds; at length his dark face assumed a dreadful hue as he said : ' You haven't got your game your own way oyet.' e Oh, yesn, we have,' said O'Neil. You think the girl lines!' * Yee.' 'She is dead,' said Jack, in a tone of joy. I lied.' lsarry Trendall sprang towards the miser able wrtch, whe thile detective intervened and said: 'It is no nee for you to tell any more lice, Jack; I eucured the girl before le soured you.' SI am not lying now,' 'I know yrt nroe.' M'hy did you play the ghost on sme thtr,?' 't wanted evidence to hang you, and I wanted It witleioe, aH you era the only wit ncn3 of youdrer radfl crime.' Tie halftbreed saw that his whole game wny up, The calm, resolute nman, who had been following him day after day under various disguines, had played his game carefully and well. Tnere was no esoape for tho fellow. Jack wan ilerut for awhile, but at last he said: 'Will ou grant me one favor? If you will, I will conleses verything you want to knlow.' 