Helen Benton's Story. ; When I took passage on the Castle Clifford | lor Australia 1 wen j, like the boys in the ; story books, to seek my fortune. It was a comioal thing for a girl to do, but I was alone in the world, and tbe pros | peot of being a governess, or a companion to i a lady, which w^a all I could be in England, made me desperate. I There in the New World, I said to myself, ' I could set to work to make my fortnne. I -could, perhaps, with what money I had, bay a little land and cultivate it—I had a talent for that sort of thing, I believed, and, ; with the help of a few laborers, I could have a model farm, a beautiful dairy, raise fruit, and live amongBt the green things growing to the end of my days. Oddly enough, the thought that I might marry never entered my mind. At twenty-five I considered myself " set tled," and expected to be a spinster. Of eonrse on shipboard one always makes acquaintance with some of the other pas sengers, and fhe captain, seeing me alone, introduced me to a good many. T herewas one gentleman, an Australian, Mr. Chester, whom I liked very muoh. He was a man of forty, well-dressed, and handsome. Somehow he got me to talking of my plans, which he thought very sensible, indeed, and told me his own story. He had been a poor boy, whose widowed mother fonnd it hard to earn bread I or her j family. Now he was a manufacturer, whose name was known throughout Victoria. He was a little proud of his success, and it seemed to me he had reason to be so. If I desired to live in his part of the country, he told me he could give me a great deal of valuable information, and save me money and trouble. It was very pleasant to have some one with whom to talk my ideas over, and j who saw nothing odd in a woman striking out for herself, as an Englishman wouid have done. Oh, those plans 1 How little I thonght I should never attempt to realize them. After the days of sunshine, clear bight skies, and a brilliant moon,'came a heavy fog. -One evening we were wrapped In it, and j it eeemed as thick and palpable as though it I had been wet wool; not a passenger remained ! on deck. In tbe saloon we were all rather j dull,-and I heard one or two men eay that we j were going at too great a speed for such j weather, when another steamer could not b8 ; seen until it was upon us. j Bat I think none of us felt any terror until j suddenly there was a crash that sounded as j though the,end of tbe world had come. The shrieking of whistles, and roaring and sucking sound, and the screams of many voices. That which had been propbecied had happened: and I can tell you nothing ] more about it save that, shortly, I found . myself in a boat with many others, that Mr. Chester had helped me to escape from the j pinking steamer, and that he was still beside j me. We were upon the ocean in that boat for j five or six hoars,' and eventually were cast j upon some bit of land, of which we knew no- j thing. When the fog lifted and we could eee j about us. we counted oar namber. There J were five of as still living—the rest had been J lost—Mr. Chester, an old sailor called Jim ] Pell, a-Clergyman of the Chnrch of England, en elderly woman who was going to Aus tralia to join her son, and myself. We were all wet to the skin, hungry, and | horrified at the prospect before ub; but the clergyman had suffered most Badly. His j wife and child who had been in the boat with i us, had been drowned. In tbe darkness | which prevailed, when we were castnpon the land, he had felt the waves tear them from him. Ho had been severely injured and was unable to stand; but when we had helped j him as well as we could-to a sheltered-spot i under a tree, he bade us forget him and do wbat we could lor ourselves, Mr. Chester and the sailor went up the ] recks and explored the place. They returned with tidings of comfort. There was a spring of fresh water on the island, and any quantity of berries which j tbe sailor pronounced healthful. There were 1 sheUrfi«h in abundance. j The island was Bmall, but we should not begin to starve at once, and no doubt'would be rescued very speedily. Hope lives eternal in the human heart, and strangely enough, though all my earthly posBeEsione bad been swallowed by the sea, I did not despair. The hot sun soon dried our garments, and we were all well and 6trong enough to bear a good deal, with the exception of tho Bev. Mr. Archer. About sunset, Mr. Chester took me by tbe arm and led me to a portion of tbe beach which was smooth and sparkling as if tbe sands were powdered silver. " We are in a curious position, Helen Benton," he Eaid. " How little we expected to have anything of this sort in cur lives. { This is the end of yonr hopes, 1 am afraid. You can't boy that land now, my dear—you cannot be a lady farmer. You will have to change your - plans, and I want to suggest something—in fact, I brought you here for that purpose." "I listen," said I. " Well, Helen." be said, " I oan put it into a very few words. Marry me. I've always ! had that idea for tho futnre, always, since j the first day we met; for I fell in love with yhn on sight; but circumstances alter cases. If you can like me, let us take tims by tbe forelcck. Mr. Archer will not live long. If ycu wili allow me, I will ask him to marry us at onoe. As yet, we have two witnesses —Heaven knows what may happen. What do you say, Helen ?" I thought s moment, and then said : "I like you. Do what you think right and best.'"- j And so it came about that we all gathered j about the poor bed of grass and leaves which j we had gathered for Mr. Archer to lie upon, and that he married me to Mr. Chester, re peating the service from memory. It was a strange and solemn wedding. Afterwards, my husband and the Bailor went to tbe edge of the water to light fires | made of tbe drift wood that lay upon the rocks, in order that any passing vessel I might know of our distress, and the old | widow and myself eat beside Mr. Archer. In tbe dawn be closed his eyes, happier to die, since it was God's will, than to live ] bereft of thoke he loved. Two days after this we were taken from the island by a boat Bent to us by a Nor wegian schooner bound for Melbourne, where we arrived safely- The widow went to her son's house, the sailor to his friends, whoever | they were. My husband, after providing me with some necessary garments, took me to his home. It was a curious place—a handsome houss ■ surrounded by gardens and a farm, set upon the top of a hill which had been leveled for the purpose. Below in the valley stood the factory of which Mr. Chester was master. Thither he went daily, busy in the labor atory for many hours at a time, handling 1 dangerous chemicals—doing work which ' mnst be done by his own hands and no other. Not an accident had ever occurred in the place—tbe master saw too well to every thing. Whil6 at work he always wore a white woollen suit and a white cap with a : vizor, leaving his usual garments in a ward robe outside the laboratory. In the evening we were at home together. Our life was very quiet, for their were literally no neighbors; our most frequent visitors were Mr. Chester's brothers and | sisters. From tbe first 1 felt that none of them liked me, nor were they people that I could I like. They had not taken pains to improve ' and enlighten themselves as their brother had —they were narrow-minded and illiberal,liv ing principally on his generosity—they, in my opinion, imposed npon him. They were, however, his kins-people, and I bad too much respect for myself and him to express my views. When they came I feasted them, | I played and sang to entertain them, 1 took j pains to be civil, knowing all the while that they were not my frisndp, bnt feeling safe in the knowledge cf my husband's utter love and confidence. I ! fitSG we lived together five happy years. Two , I ^ tie girls weee born to as, and so assured 1 i ad I become of my husband's caution that' I no longer felt any anxiety, as to his work 1 in the laboratory. From this cairn security and happiness I was awakened by a sudden | blow. ' I had been to the nearest great city to do some shopping, taking tny children with me, and returned home at sunset. As I alighted j at the depot, two men whose laces I knew ' approached me. "The carriage is waiting for you, madam," one said, " bat do not get into it yet. There j is news for you." ' " Bad news, madam," said the ofchc " Very bad news," continued the one who had first spoken. " The only very bad news that I can hear ) is that sc-mething has happened to my bus- 1 band■!" I gasped. . , . The man bowed gravely—the other buret into tears. Tell me the worst, while I can listen to you 1" said I. . . , . " There has been an explosion in the lac oratory," eaid the calmer man. 'Not killed 1 not killed!" I shrieked. Wounded, but not killed !" " They only knew him by the dress he always wears," said the older man. " I know what you axe bearing; I've been through the ! same thing—think of the children—yours hig." Bat I thought no longer of anything. My senses deserted me, and they took me to my desolate home unconscious. There I opened j my eyes upon ibe faces of my sister-in-law j and her two brothers—they horrified me. In : their expression 1 read no real grief—only an affectation of it. Taev had descended on j the place like haTpieB, hoping to profit by * their brother's death. They began their attack at once. On the morning before the funeral, the elder of the men, William, came to me as my servant! was clothing me in my black garments, and ! without waiting to dismiss the girl, stood ] ; before me. his fingers interlaced and his | thumbs pressed together in a fashion allhia own, and inquired : " Well, now, what are yoa going to do?' " To do ?" said 1. I do not know what > you mean." "You've got to go somewhere, you know," said my brother-in-law, " you might as well think of it." " There is no time to talk to me," said I. 411 hope I shall go into my grave. How can ! 1 live without my husband ? Oh, Charles, 1 my darling! Charles, my darling!" "Anyhow," said William, "you can't j ; conre down -stairs, the men folks will be ] [ enough. Sister Ann wiH stay with you, not! I to be too pointed—but considering you can't I I appear. ■ " I will make an effort," said I, thinking that after all he had only expressed consid | taction for my health in an awkward man f ner. ; " We can't disgrace the family at such a time," said William. "We've always bsim respectablF. The kind of relation there has | been between you and him were his affair ! while he lived, now they're ours." " What do yon mean?" I gasped. " That we don't think that you can prove ! that you were ev6r his wife," S3id William. The servant stared fit him in astonish* ment. " Not his wife!" I gasped. Then the rememberanoe of onr marriage ] on the desert island, by a clergyman'who ' died that very night, in the presence of . | witnesses who had vanished from my ken, occurred to me. I never dreamed my wife-hood could .he j doubted; but 1 had no proof, no proof what ever. Ann entered shortly, locking the door be hind her. I was forbidden to offer the last I token of respects to the man I loved so fondly. . My children came to me. Cast upon my pillow I held them to my bosom, and we wept 1 together. ■ . Ann, grim and cold, maintained her com posure throughout. The next day I heard that ho will had been found, and that my simple statement that I hag been married to Charles Chester, was of no avail. The only thing that could have established my position as his wifa—his introduction of me by that title—failed me. My husband had some detestation of ceremony, and-got over his introductions easily. His usual form being; \- "Helen, this is Mr.or Mrs. Bo-and-So." I He had even introduced me to his family in j this way, saying : " Weli, Helen,. here we are altogether. [ This is Ann, that is William, and that young j fellow there is Jim. He was poor mother's ■ bahyj' Oh, tbey knew weli that I was his wife. It i was their greed of gold led them to deny it. One day they stood before me—three fiends ] they seemed to me—and bade me rise and j leave the house, and take my ohiidren " with me. " We've been very good to you," said1 William, " considering what yon ore. We've got a present of £150 for you, and you can earn your living if you are willing to be honest and behave yourself. We're going to j move here to- morrow, and of course Ann couldn't have a person like yon in her house, j The carriage is at the door." ' And with these words he tendered me a large roll of bank notes. As he ceased, I! arose in my wrath and flung the money back j into his face. "Man," I cried, "you know I am your brother's widow—you know that you are j robbing his orphans. Conld the dead return ' he wouldriee before you this instant to con fonnd your faleeboods. Oh, my husband'— my husband—where are yon I—where are you I Oh, my love, can you not come back tome?" 1 And.to this wild cry—a cry that mourners utter so often in the madness of their ds epair—an answer oame, a ringing " 1 am here!" in a voice we all knew. j A tali figure dashed through the open door of the great hail and stood before as— Charles Chester and no other. He stood motionless—one arm uplifted and drawn back, and the other painting to ward his brother William. And at the presence of the man they believed to be lying in his grave, of his ghost evoked hy my prayer, abject terror fell upon them. Wil liam sunk upon his knees ; James, in his flight, fell over him and sprawled upon the carpet; Ann went off into hysterics; but th'e little children at my side knew no fear. They rushed toward him, clasping in their arms, crying gleefully: "Papa is not dead any longer. Papa has come back 1" And as his arms encircled me, I felt that he had come back indeed—whence and how I scarcely asked myself. He was there. I, his beloved wife, was in his arms. My woe had changed to joy. Tnis was what he told me afterwards. While I was from home, a telegram reached him which rendered his presence in a mining district at a great distance, im perative. He conld not await my return, but wrote a letter to me explaining the matter, which h6 laid upon my little desk. Meanwhile certain work remained un finished in the laboratory, and the only man he knew in whose charge he dared to leave it, was an eccentric old chemiet of the neighborhood, who lived by himself in an out-of- the-way cottage, and was snpposed to be endeavoring to invent an elixir of life. To this man he sent, put matters in his charge, advised him to exchange his well-saved suit which was upon the body when discovered, and led to the belief that it was that of Mr. Chester. In my utter misery, I bad not read any of my letters. That which be had left for me, and those he had sent from the mines, lay in my desk among the unopened condolences which I had ordered my servant to place there, and only when he arrived in his native town did he hear of the events which had occurred there. Hie wrath was great, and his vengeance might have been terrible, for amongst them his relatives had destroyed a will which he had made on the very day our first child was born But I implored his clemency. I wbb too happy myself to wish even my enemies to surfer more thsn they needs most from hat by their own deeds they had deprived bemaelves forever of their brother's aCeotlon ,nd the pecuniary advantages vbiob it fiered them, . 1 