[?] . JJsEwlTokfc scsj'" I J"|: Scaka mtflB are pc mmoexmon riling m the l«u>l of. applejack, Demioriats, and rsttlfl : BnakeS. ' In ttat interesting country, which inrindra tteetony hillsides of Pic county hi Vesirejivauia, and the adjacent moire tain rtgirar of Sussex county in New Jersey, one or more cases are reported Every eommsr." " For several reasons the hardy mountain people make little of an ordinary enake bite. In am flint piece, alttough -aprdejack does not trubblel joyoudy from the roadade springs, prill it" is pretty near as plenty as water, while in fruity flavour arid mfillow .ncodnMi it Adbwgai H» diflllatUHU of the universe. And applejack, as everybody knows, if taken at once and in sufficient quantity, will neutralise "stalks pirin" with neatness and despatch. In the second place, while pBois and copperheads are common enongii in thoee parts, nothing counts for very matt with tte mountain people except the eting of a rattler, and this is . not con- ad ered necessarily dangerous unices tte rattier has lain eoae weeks without striking, thus giving his venom time to grow rank and purple in his poison sacs. Am it la a nrl" of business with a rattle snake to go about in the world seeking whom and what be may destroy, bis poison is "1" concentrated and deadly when a native meets him. He does too big a busi ness to let his capital lie idle. - Thus fatalities from this cause are very rare among the mountaineers, who are much offcentr given to yielding up tte ghost to the seancuve apple jack. ' Hut is why, when tte news that William Elliott had been bitten by a rattlesnake went uhnad, nobody thought much of it at first. It also ex- plains why, when it was reported later that his hand had swelled up like a balloon and his whole body tamed black, people suddenly hariim, alarmed and shook their beads. It was an old rattier, then, with purple piz'n in his fangs, that did the business! ' Hub was indeed . serious. Horses were fiifahed up, and people drove from all over Sussex county to the Elliott place. They had two objects. They wanted to learn the particulars, and they wanted to see William once more before he died. For the farmer's eon was popular in tte county, and that he waa doomed to death was agreed upon by all. At least 7 5 persons drove to the rocky little farm in . tte heart of the . mountains last Sunday. " That IV aiiam lived and is how in a fair way , to recover has astonished tte county. The local papers hare all had him dead, for the entarp using country editors, I being Witt the -common effects of purple piz'n, were sore he would die any way, mid wauled to servo sp the news in good reason. His recovery waa tte vnoreaar- pahring when & was . known that Ear seven days he had Buffeted horrible tor tures, and that spots like those of a rattle snake had appeared upon bis feet, fl ana positive shuck to tte community, how ever, to learn that this remarkable" recto very was being accomplished without the sad of applejack. This waa unsettling. It was against all established precedent. a ax aeb' mmaraas. The country between B ranch rille, the western terminus of the Sussex railroad, and the Delaware Elver is interesting tn a Timid: man. It abounds in mountains and wiaVes The Bine Bidge chain tmvssBait north and south, and is broken at Stndiston by a daep pass, known as Culver's Gap. Imkes prolific of bass wad pickerel dot tho wild country, and imHriiburr brooks lhaly with apeckkri trout fret in ravines, Yet the region is seldom visited by sportsmen. A a you drive over the mountain reads in tte early dawn before travel haa set fresh rets in tte dost, yoa see many furrows ploughed deep in tte duet screes tte roadway. The people will tell yxra that each of these marks the path of n pilot, a copperhead, or a rattiraoske which rame down from the moun tain in tb daikiuHB for n plnnge into the stream or lake below, to return again before daybreak. The unusual dryness of this summer has driven en astonishing handier of snakes to the water. Never before have so" many been seen and killed in Sussex county. . Farmer Elliott used tofnnn in. tte. broad and fertile valley near the Delaware, but reverses of fortune -druycTiim back to cheaper ground in the mountains. He bought 500 acrea of nxky lagd in a pioimtain pass, . Barrounded «n every jnle- hy neavy forest/ and " two and a half- iniles from the turnpike hy a - road ttiough the woodsl Branohvjllo was seven miles away. - .ThemareM ngtilemVWae s-Ndtth cVrirA", Store, and beif-a-dozen houses called Oentxe- ville. It waadiatant four milee. Forla ,y«"x» Fanner Elliott raised potatoefl and com and! killed rattieanakee in his rocky valley. "He was a great man in the "o forhe had the" gift of speech," and could talk politios like a senator and plead cases like a lawyer. For years the mountain people, when ttey got at odda with each otter on tte law, have been accustomed to gat Farmer Elliott to appear Ear them before tte justice of tte peace at Branchvi&e..; He reared a family big in proportion to the smallnesa of his crops, and sent some of his sons out into the wodd to earn their living in other ways than tanning. One is a preacher in Michigan. William is a shot ironer in a Eaxeison mill (lining the winter, hut spends his summers, at home helping with the harveets. He is 25 years old and married. He is tall, slim, and ataxxly. He is also an expert snake killer, having spent his life, so to apeak, among attthaakes. there is a stream of water in the valley which "rtins through a sandy, rock- covered tract known aa tte sand field. The farmer and his eons nave killed seven big rattlers there so far this Bammer. They make nothing of a rattlesnake. The common method of bint is to seize him by tte (!_ lift him nearly clear of the ground, and tt«n smash his head with a etick. IhU, of coarse, - is when tte rattler is caught napping. When he sees hie enemy in time the rattler crises the end of his tail and buzzes his rattle, pointed upward, until it sings like a seven teen-year locust. Then be malms for cover and noils for a fight. Then. look out. . His stroke is as success bullet, and of a swift ness that defies the eight. The Elliotts were! so need to the ways of rattlers, however, that they attacked thein boldly. howtootohlmorr was prrrxs. - A week ago last Wednesday Bob Carls, of Peterson, Arriafive of Farmer Elliott's, ran into the house about 2 o'clock in the after noon and said; "Hullo, Will; there's a oonpls of rattlers in the eand field. Let's go down and kill 'em." "All right, "eaid the young rnnn jumping up. Farmer Elliott haa a pitchfork in bis hand and went along, bat returned as it. began to rrin. _ Down in tte sand field two warning bumming noises greeted William and Bob, and a black, wriggling streak ap peared for a moment upon the ground. " There he went," ttonted. tte boy, ex citedly. "Bightunderthat stone." "I saw him," eaid William, pitting up a etick. " I heard tte otter "one; too ; bat I didn't see him Bat we'll do this fellow no first." William gtooped down, and with hia naked right hand laid hold of the big rock under which tte seeks lay. He held the stick ready in his left hand. Bob was looking for the .other snake- -wiffimw. had scarcely touched tte stone before he. draw back end looked' at his right band. :A«ww tte batte ' of the second joints of tbe eeeond diM fingera was what looked like a brier scrattti. But there were no hriera around. The scratoh smarted as though made by a nettle. " Say, Bob," bs eaid, " X behove 0,t fellow stung me. Yet I don't see how he could. I didn't see him." The hoy looked ot the fingers and Then at the ground! Hie about 18 inches away, and only the size of a "Maybe it was tte otter one did' it," arid he. "Perhapehe'appder that atone there." William removed tta small stone, and three, ranted' into# againgy amaB'agaee, Jay a great ratitemttra wtttdiis raftia erect and Ida head swaying menacingly. Willi a atroke of tte stick wmiam cat tile snake do wa, end hfllod ft. Then Bob tamed over tbe Erst stnae rind --found tte fiat ad »JiiJirA« Wl«l - : Then lilliam took oui hii pookflt knife, and slightly yevbamVain. riwgarg— -TT»ae4m tint ttreatohia month and auekedvigoronriy. He kemji il i upiiTlj In the bouse, eucldngall fee way. There waa consternation in Jhe 'nit/vri family when he arrived. The farmre started Bob off at once with tbe waggon uiii the best horse after whiskey and tbe doctor. He waa to order the whiskey at the tavern at Tattle 8 Corners, and then go on to Centre- riHe after Dr. J. H. ICUer. XAnrc raEAixarcT. Meaniiaaa Mrs. EllioU; -bad prepared a strong bath <>f soft soap, into which the wounded hand was thrust. The former went np to the mountain and ripped off some green hatt tram a yowag white arii. The wetumer ekin of the white ash is believed to be e£S- cadouein drawing ratUeenake poison from the system: "When be returned IViUuun'e hand and wrist were already perceptibly swollen. The former bound bis retire arm with the hark to tightly as to stop circu lation. Pains now begin to be felt. They were like those of acute neuralgia, and danced up and down the fingers and partly np the mm, making tte young man cry aloud. Tta fawww removed the from tte soft soap and cat open the scratches afresh with a knife Upon them he sprinkled saleratug, which smarted j intensely, bat made the blood flow frely. The blood was thick and dark. An hour after the treatment began William was unable to sit still for the pun. La two boars it began to ran np into his shoulder, and before long tbe entire right ride of his body . was quivering with intense pains. Meantime a man bad amved from Tutinll'a Oorners with u pint of brandy- Bat William refused to take it- W>» threat was dry and parched, and hh could swallow nothing. His wife prepared some with milk, and tbe young' yuan made heroic efforts to get it down, bat only succeeded in taking a couple of spoonfuls. He was sick at bis stomach for a long time. Then ' he cried oat that hia back was aching and smarting. It made him scream to touch him anywhere in the small of the bask jost absve thehipa. USE AST ELECTRIC COBBEST. Within two hoars after he was bitten he began to rob" the fingers of his left hand to- 1 getter. He told bis fatter that there was electricity all Through him. Every portion o ; Ida body re i as if an almost paralysing elec tric current waa paaaiiig through it- Every limb twitched reaamoaically, and towards night' the frfobtul pains' spread to the left: side ' and bngted down to the redi of his. .fingers. . Only his, be&d; and neck ,werp free from' torture. . He became slightly delirious, and cosld not be prevailed open to lie down. With darkness Bob re turned and said that Dr. Miller was away from borne and would not retora -until 10 o'clock. Then be would oome at once. There was another doctor except at Branchville, so" ttey waited. Than was soma misunderstand ing. however, and Dr. Miller did not come until tbe next morning. ; wo granto ASD jrWUHTFIn, PAIMJ- - There was no sleep few tte snake-bitten man. He temped around tte little form- house all night, sot down, lay down, got up, sad writhed. He could take bo brandy, and cast eriAa all food and ArtoV The torturous y otA tte feeling as of eteolriiaU. in creased ovary boar; until be cried aloud that he could stand it no longer. He must die of pain. He declared that he ooald feel the poison moving up and down in his veins. Now it waa running down into his right sm, «"A now it was criwling np and down inside his legs. There was nothing that his wife, mother, father, or brothers ooold do for him - to give him a moment's ease. He eaid be woddnot live a minute if the pain entered his head. Bat it never did: prgwv w nmms ox givn ISO 1W. All this time his right hand end arm were Swelling slowly. His hand puffed un to four times its thickness, and teamed atoufc brown colour, resnmhling the skihof a nrero. This colour followed " the wrist op to where the swelling waa bound down by the white ash bark. The two fingers which had been snrotnhed began to taka on « "horrible appear- ease daring the eerly night. They became distended blisters "of great size, puffed oat nearly to tte bursting .point with . parpte venran- Tbe skinifaEreKsoth'Bnd. gltetreed i in (hie lamplight tike tpe rorfaoe of oily water. Then tte nngraa grew hearly black;, but still ibid purpEshiinge. Theforinerk eptihem ;opre about where -the eoratching bad' been andoonstantly sprinkled tbem with ealeratus. They Uad freely. By morning similar Misters began to appear on other fingers and djealieie on thebmrd and wrist. These in- (roased-riadly in rite . \- " - jaaacasro' BCBX.SWOLEHS. " " Before" thamght wae otwiteAraaviMa: cried outtobia fatter: — . "Take off the handanes! Taka off the bandages! I can't stand them !" Farmer Elliott was very unwilling , to do: this, for an important object of the bandages- waa to keep tte venom confined as much as possible to tte arm. Nevertheless the light shoulder and side had swelled, and were becoming dark in colour, and as William's torture seemed to be near the limit of en durance, he loosened the bandages near' the wrist. The swelling at oace puffed up tte ann- Later on he had to loosen tte bandages still more, and finally remove them. The entire arm then became swollen to a great size, and the shoolder and right side to the waist and tne back above tte hips swelled greatly. The swelling extended even to his right foot. When the doctor came in the morning, 17 hoars after the man had been stung, he found the arm black to tte shoulder: On its under aide it wae darkest, and tte cavity under the arm with the adjaoent akin, both on arm and body, were the colour of the blackest negro. The blackness extended in a broad belt to the waist, overlapping bjth chest and hack Several iochee, and then extended completely across tte small of the back above the nips in- a band as wide as a man'a himrl The purplish black blisters covered tte under side of the arm now. There were a number of them an inch or more in breadth each, and puffed out nearly aa much on tte forearm. The worst one of all lined the underside of fhe upper arm, extending into tte armpit. . -Dr. Miller had attended snake-bitten men before, but he never had bad any such caseas this. The venom of tte rattler had directly - attacked the kidneys, and was adding a new and horrible torture. Tbe blackness upon tte back above the hips-was one. sign of 'tins, but others were not laeking. Thick blood rushed from the kidneys in quantities, forming a good 50 "per cent, of their natural secretions. so wmsxsv ibeat3iexi hrre. The doctor asked if William had taken whiskey, and teamed that he had not. He ordered that only email quantities should be given him. He feared the action of tte stimu lant upon the kidneys. He then treated the patient, with heavy doses of carbonate of ammonia and digitalis. He prepared and left these drags in quantity, and had the arm poulticed to tte shoulder. He also pre-; Bcribed for the threatened congestion of tte kidneys. He said the white ash baric was useless, and it was thrown away. The ealaratuB, be eaid, would do no harm, and, as Farmer Elliott pinned much faith upon it, this treatment was continued until two pounds had been used. The doctor told the farmer that bis son was doomed, and thai he ; might aa well telegraph to hie brothers to come onat onoe. ko sleep asd mr toetcbes. ivilli.m Elliott did not deep or eat awfii Sunday. - He managed .to take a pint of brandy in that period, made up with-nmk in punches. ' But, except the medicine left by the doctor, he swallowed nothing else. On Sunday night he slept a tittle, bat on Monday morning awoke with the most horrible pains in his kidneys. Heeonld not talk, ana his fetter sent for the doctor, and meantime kept bags of hot hran around his waist. . The doctor spent most of tte day at the house. The sufferer fell some relief toward night, but the ' neuralgic . pains and the tingting numbuees in his limbs continued nuabated. Iherewnano tt«hgefotlmr'lfo«i"«w«JIinga, Mrf'tte puipEalilifisteiB had grown Ireger. 8t2l, he felt no pain in hia bead. _ tto Tuesday he suddenly "began to'get welL The doctor had been much surprised at his standing iteb long. The flow of blood from fcfeltiaiMga ceased, aadjfce.htistera .on ttfo aruidried rapidly np.The pama began to teavehhaitte sweliingemhiariundfau: begabkogeflown,W toe da colour otitis way. On Wednesday he -began to eatugut food, and devdopedrionsidmabte aetite. The doctor told his fatter that the change was remarkable,- andfhat if no kidney com plication set in his son would recover. A OTJICX ASD BEKABKABL5 DISCOVERY. -When a Sua reporter , saw and talked with William on Friday life was ritticg np propd inpHlowa-.He was cheerM. and told i4"25 of some of his many exploits with rattle snake). The swelling had disappeared frera his body, but his hand and arm were state distorted. The baud and wnst were puffed to doable their natural size and were the colour of undressed leather. Tie only blisters left were .tte two on the wounded finger. They were each five ruches long, distended and purplish black. Purple Mood was trickling from the cuts where tte scratches had been. Tbe fkin of the swollen arm was dark to the shoulder, and the armpit and adjacent skin were still dark as a negro's. The band particularly was a frightful fight, bnt Farmer Bhott viewed it with a smile, and said it was so ynrtr-ii nwrfi like a real band than it bad been that bs really liked to look at it. "There's to be a picnic at Hopatcong on the 27th,'" said William, with a smile, " and Tm going down there to see the boys. Some of them are coming up there from tte Peterson mill. I guess ril hare a story to tgU them.' U TT11.U eraitnA vmtnlv mil CUtiit afterward that he guessed that William wouldn't be 'round when that picnic came off. Farmer Elliott - has the ekin of tte . rattler which stung Ms Son dried and stretched upon a board in tte corn house. The snake measured a frac tion of an inch over 1ft. in length, sad was about Sin. thick It had 11 rattiesanda button, but two rattles were knocked off in the fight. Farmer Elliott wouldn't sell that rattle for any money. The farmer has quite an assortment of rattlesnake skins. One snake, which William lolled the day before he was bitten, measured tft. Sin. Some snakes are black and others yellow. The colour indicates tte sex, Farmer Elliott says, bnt he doesn't know which is which, affd doesn't care. They're all " varmints" to him. " Well," said, his viritor, "if the rattlers will let me alone, FU let thein alone." fabxeb ttt.t.TnTT ypy8 cqpaplcbsi "And!," said'Farmer EIIioH; vigorously," a a he stroked his fcagr,:.'gray heard and squinted his bronzed face into mid. expression) Of excessive dislike, " I, sir, '11 make no eech bargain -with em. No, sir, no sech bargain. I hate 'em. Pre sera a heap oi 'an in my day. . They were down at the old piece, and when I moved op here, here ttey wore. They're extra bed this season because It's so dry, »"d the forest fires on each side has sort o'drnv 'em this way. If Tdknawed the boy was gmtf io 'em with Ms j hands, I'd a cautioned Mm. .But yoa folks wouldn't believe it e! I was to tell you how j we. treat them snakes, 80 I wou't tell yon. My boys j es grab 'em by tte tail, and — well if yon waa to print all X ooold tell yon about rattlesnakes nobodyM believe whatyon wrote, eo XT shot np." Dr. MSlsrmys that it was evidently an fid snake of much venom that bit Elliott, and Ms recovery, pertictdady in view of the unusual kidney cumpticaticm, was astonish ing. Three was no precedent in Ms practice df snake venom a Iterating the kidneys, and this naccwiriTy affected his method of treat- meat. Hesstd he had given. Elliott large doses of a nreaman drag, the name of wham: be refused tn ML He prescribed this in place of whiskey, as he feared tbe effect of whiAey upon the kidneys. ' The young folk of Sussex county have lote of fan with snake Tatties."!- They fasten them to threads, and then striking, the. threads In a peculiar manner make tte tatties bum as If- ttey were fast to. the tails of k> many lively reptiles. It is great sport to creep np behind- n man mid spring a rattle in his ear. Xf He's a native heT dear four feet the first Tbo csie of William Elliott is of Kfcsorbing interest to fhe inhabitants df the county. Said tmeof them : ' . 'Yesenr, fl'e ai wtmdfolttung. "Spots oh his feet an' legs, eh? . That's % sir. Threnls rattiesnskes'.gpcrfs.. An',- sore «s you stand here, (Sr, every ammncr wdiaifheday be was bit cornea 'round, Wni'mHl't-ll have epote. dome out aJl ovar him.' . . 