THE NOVELIST. The World's Desire. | ». "-vT I (BT H. EiDKB HAGGABD AND ANDBBW LANG.) Eelenam vero immortalem fuisse xndxcat temjms. SEEVitrs. JSNEID H., 501. CHAPTER VI.-(CONTINUED.)' » Never did I tum from man or ghost/' said the Wanderer, and drawing his7short sword'he came nigh warily, covering;hia | head with his broad shield, while- the i priests stood back to see him die. Now the Wanderer had mar ked that none were touched till they stood upon the very threshold of the doorway. Therefore, he uttered a prayer to Aphrodite and. came on slowly, till his feet were within how's length of the threshold, and there he stood and listened. Now he could hear the very words of the song that the Hathor sang as she wove at her loom. So dread and sweet it was that for a while he thought no more on the Guardians" of the Gate, nor of how he might win the way, nor of aught save the song. For she waa singing shrill and olear in his own dear tongue, the tongue of the Achaeans. . ! Faint with threads of gold and sóárlet, paint the i battles fought for me ; " ' AUthe wars for Argi ve Helen, storm'and saok by i landor sea; . -, ?..!;.^L;< r v/-?;>.?;-, - :???< . All the tales of loves and sorrows that have -been and are to be. , , ¡ < ... Faint her lips that like a oup have' ' pledged the . lips of heroes all, > ".> ^- '" ' -,]{'.} ii" ;i - ' ' : > * 1 f" 5: .1 * I >'::li'' .' »AI. ' i.i J. ; ";' '. ' 1 ii"./ iii-i fi' Paint her golden hair unwhitened while the many i winters fall,, ; , > . Paint the beauty that is miBtreBs 'of the wide world and its thrall ! Paint the storms of ships and chariots, rain of arrows flying far j Paint the waves of warfare leaping np at beauty 1 like a star, Like a star that pale and trembling hangs above .the waves of war. Paint the ancient Bios fallen; paint the flames that scaled the sky When the foe was in the fortress, when the trumpet and the cry; ,, Bank of men in their last onset, men whose hour bad dawned to die. Woe for me once loved of all men, me that never ..i. yet have -known < How -to love the hearts that loved me j woe. for ; me who hear the moan Of my lover's ghosts that perished in their cities overthrown, . l! ? Is'there not of gods or mortals, oh ye gods ! is there not one- ' ¡ , -,s ' 1 One whose heart shall mate with my heart, one to love ere all be done-; ; ?. All the tales of warg'th'at shall bo for my love ' beneath the sun ? - . ~ l- » <' - ' r ' : J; ! :'.,!?.??/ r. i tí- )i:j [ .-'it: ? . i -'¡I'. Iii : i jil i , . .... ' . ; i, ..-:'..';'..».. '?. .v ? -/» -./!" ::-W;.1' -1 Now the song died away, and the -Wan- i derer once s inore * ? bethought: 'him' ' ? of' the wardens of the gates and of the battle which 1 he must 'fight/ But as he braced himself to rush on against the unseen foe, the music of the singing swelled ? forth again, and whether he willed it or willed it not, so sweet was its magic that there he must wait till the song was done. And now stronger and more gladly ' rang the sweet shrill" voice, like the voice1 of1 one who bas made moan through the live-long winter night, and. now sees the chariot bi the dawn climbing the eastern sky. : And thus the Hathor sang- * Ah, within-my heart a hunger for the lo ve unfelt, 'unknown, - ? f.-^-.A Stirs at length and wakes and murmurs as a child» that wakes to moan, Left to sleep within some silent house of strangers" and alone. .,; ,» - .- .>' So my heart awakes, and waking moans with-! hunger and with cold,. , :; > ?-. ??. ' Vil-n^r» Cries in pains of dim remembrance for .'the joy v that was at old 5 * (*-' ' . ".,.,*' For the love that was, that shall be^half-forgpt^ 1 and half-foretold, ' ^ » Have -1 dreamed it, óriremembered?;0In another '' world >was Ir '- ' 'r> ,r Lived and loved in alien seasonB. moved beneath , 1 a golden sky, v . ; . . y-,. > In a golden clime where never came the. strife of men that die ? \ ' Eut the Gods themselves were. jealous, for our bliss was overgreat, ' ' And they brought on us division, and the horror \- of their hate, And they set the snake between ns and the - i twining coils of fate. , And they said " Go forth and seeek each other's i- face, and only find ?? - - ^ . > I ShadowB of that face ye long for, dreams of day's left far behind; Love .the shadows and be loved with loves that waver as the wind. . Once more the sweet singing died away but as the Wanderer grasped his sword an« fixed thia broad shield upon his arm, he re membered the dream of Meriamun th Queen, which had been told him by Rei th Priest ; for in that dream twain who ha< sinned were made three, and through man; deaths and lives must seek each other'i face. And now it seemed that the burdei of the Song was the burden of the Dream. Then he thought no more on dreams o: songs or omens, but only on the deadly foi that stood before him wrapped in darkness and on Helen, in whose arms he yet shouh lie, for so the Goddess had sworn to hin in . seagirt Ithaca. Tie spoke no word, h< named no God, but sprang forward as i lion springs from his bed of reeds, and lo his buckler clashed against shields tha barred the way, and invisible arms seizec him to hurl him back. But no weakling was the Wanderer thus to be pushed asid( by Magic, but the stoutest man left aliv< in the , whole world now that Aiat (Telàmon's son) was dead. The Priests -wondered as they saw how _he gave back never a atop for all the mighl of the Warders of the Gates, but lifted hu Bhort sword and hewed downward so ter ribly that fire leapt from the air when the short sword fell, the good short sword ol Euryalus the Phoenician. Then came the clashing of the swords, and from all thc golden armor that once the godlike Parie wore, ay, from buckler, helm and greaves and breastplates, the sparks streamed ur. äs they stream from the anvil of the smith when he smites great blows on sworde made white with fire.; Swift as hail fell the blows of the unseen blades upon the golden armor, but he whe wore it took no harm, nor was it so much as marked with the dint of the swords. So, while the Priests wondered at this miracle, the viewless Warders of the Gate smote at the Wanderer, and the Wanderer smote at them again. Then of a sudden he knew thia that they who barred the path were gone, for no more blows fell and his sword only cut the air. ;, Then he rushed oh and passed behind the Veil and stood within the Shrine. But as the curtains swung behind him, the singing rose again upon the air and he might not move, but stood fixed with his eyes gazing where, far up, a loom waa set within the Shrine. For the sound of the singing came from behind the great web gleaming in the loom, the sound of the Bong of Helen as she heard the swords clash, and the ringing of the harness oí those whose knees were loosened in death. It was thus she sang Clamor of iron on iron, and shrieking of steel upon steel, Hark, how they echo again ! Love with the dead is at war, and the mortals are shaken and reel, The living are slain by the slain ! Clamor of iron on iron, like music that chimes with a song, So with my life doth it chime, And my footsteps must fall in a dance of Egrinys, a revel of wrong, Till the day of the passing of time ! Ghosts of the dead that have loved me, your love hath been vanquished by death, But unvanquished by death is your hate ; Say, is there none that may woo me and win me of all that draw breath, Not one but is envied of fate ? Now the song died, and the Wanderer looked up and before him stood three shadows of mighty imen clad in armor. He gazed upon them, and he knew the blazons painted on their shields ; he knew them for heroes long dead, Pirithous, Theseus, and Aias. , They looked uponlhim and then cried with one voice, " Hail to thee, Odysseus of Ithaca, son of Laertes." " Hail to thee," ¡ cried the Wanderer, "Theseus Argeus' "sonI Once before didst thou go down into the House of Hades, and alive thou comest forth again. Hast thou crossed yet again the stream of ocean, and dost thou live in the . sunlight? For of old I sought thee and found thee not in the House of Hades ?" The semblance of Theseus answered, "In the House of Hades I abide this day, and in the fields of Asphodel. But that thou seest is a shadow, sent forth by the Queen Persephone, to be the guard of the beauty of Helen." , , ; . ."ff Hail to thee, Pirithous, Ixion's son/? cried the Wanderer again. « Hast thou yet won the dread Persephone to be thy love ? And why doth Hades give his rival holiday to wander in the sunlight, for of old I sought thee, and found thee not, in the House of Hades." Then the semblance of Pirithous! answered- j " In the House of Hades I dwell this j day, and this thou seest is but a shadow that goes with the shadow of* the hero Theseus. For where he is ain I, and where he goes I go, and our very shadows are not sundered j but we guard the beauty of Helen." "Hail to thee Aias, Telemon's son," cried the Wanderer. " Hast thou not forgotten thy wrath against me for the sake of those accursed arms that I won from thee, the arms of Achilles, «on of Peieus ? For of old in the House of Hades I spoke to thee ; but thou wouldst not answer one word, so heavy was thine anger.'' Then the semblance of Aias made answer-" With iron upon iron, and the stroke of bronze on bronze would I answer thee, if I were yet a living man and looked upon the sunlight. But I smite with a shadowy spear and slay none but men foredoomed ; and I am the shade of Aias, who dwells in Hades. Yet the Queen Persephone sent me forth to be the guard of the beauty Helen." Then the Wanderer spake " Tell me, ye shadows of the sons of heroes, is the way barred, and do the gods forbid it, cr may I, that am yet a living man, pass forward and gaze on that ye guard, on the beauty of Helen ?" Then each of the three nodded with his head, and smote once upon his shield, saying "Pass by, but look not back upon us till thou hast seen thy desire." Then the Wanderer went by, into the innermost chamber of the Alabaster Shrine. Now, when the Shadows had spoken thus, they grew dim and vanished, and the Wanderer, as they had commanded, drew slowly on up the Alabaster Shrine, till at length he stood on the hither side of the web upon the loom. It was a great web, wide and high, and hid all the inner most recesses of the shrine. Here he waited, not knowing what to do nor how he should break in upon the Hathor. As he stood wondering thus his buckler slipped from his loosened hand and clashed upon the marblo floor, and as it clashed the voice of the Hathor took up the broken song. And thus she sang ever more sweetly Ghosts of the Dead that have loved me, your love hath been vanquished by Death, But unvanquished by Death is your Hate ; Say, is there none that may woo me and win me of all that draw breath, Not one but is envied of Fate ? None that may pass you unwounded, unscathed of invisible spears. By the splendor of Zeus there is One, And he comes and my spirit is touched, as Demeter is touched by the tears Of the Spring and the kiss of the Sun ! Yes, he comes, and my heart that was chill as a lake in fie season of snow, Is molten and glows as with fire ; And the love that I knew not is born and he laughs in my heart, and I know The name and the flame of Desire. As a flame am I kindled, a flame that is blown by a wind from the north By a wind that is deadly with cold, And the Hope that awoke in me faints, for the Love that is born shall go forth To my Love and shall die as of old ! Now the song sobbed itself away, but the heart of the Wanderer echoed to its swèetness as a lyre moans and thrills when the hand of the striker is lifted from the strings. For a while he stood thus, hidden by the web upon the loom, while his limbs shook like the leaves of the tall poplar, and his face turned white as turn the poplar leaves. Then desire overcame him, and a longiüg he could net master, to look upon the face of her who sang, and he seized the web upon the loom and rent it with a great rending noise so that it fell down on either side of him, and the gold coils rippled at his feet. 