Sketcher. ♦ Optical Illusions. If any one wishes to make an emphatic statement about an occurrence or thing, and says, ' It must be so, I saw it myself,' he considers the matter is settled. I shall try to show that seeing is not always believing, and that many things we see are merely optical illusions and not to be entirely depended on as facts. I use the term as a title in the widest possible sense, and intend including in the subject any case in which we see, or think we see, anything differently from what it is in reality. My paper will be divided, more for convenience than with scientific accuracy, into three parts. First, illusions depending on optical contrivances—reflection and refraction being the chief causes of deception ; secondly, illusions depending on the structure of the eye—here we shall discuss color irradiation, and binocular phenomena ; and thirdly, optical illusions depending on the brain, or the interpretations of the sensations received by the eye. In this section I shall give instances in which the judgment is misled, and conclude with a few words on apparitions. I.—Illusions Depending on Optical Contriv- ances.—Probably the best known optical illusion is Pepper's ghost. Here a plate of plane glass is placed at an angle of 45 degrees near the front of the stage, before it the stage floor is some feet lower, and any strongly illuminated object on the floor in a horizontal position appears upright and on the stage. One of my friends recently showed me a device depending on the same principle, by which a photograph in glass is superposed on an ordinary carte. Reflection is responsible for some of the tricks of the Davenport Brothers and for the curiosities known as living heads without bodies, etc. The converse of this may be seen in the palace of Versailles, where a combination of mirrors makes spectators appear headless. The ' optical paradox' enables one apparently to see through a brick, but really four plane mirrors carry the light round the obstacle. In the ' phantom bouquet' concealed flowers are made by a concave mirror to appear in a vase. Concave and convex cylindrical mirrors cause strange and amusing distortions of the faces of those looking at them. Refraction makes a pond appear shallower than it is, and a stick put in water appears bent. By refraction of light through layers of air of different densities, the strange illusions known as mirages are produced. If a wine glass is partly filled with water and inverted on a plate with a coin on it, refraction causes the coin to appear on the surface of the water, and it is also seen directly, but enlarged. By means of the double refraction of Iceland spar, a dot placed under it appears as two. II.—Illusions Depending on the Structure of the Eye.—Several interesting illusions depend on the fact that an image on the retina lasts about an eighth of a second. In the thaumatrope a card has an object drawn on each side, say a bird on one side and a cage on the other ; if the card is rotated, the images are superposed and the bird appears in the cage. In the zoetrope and the phantascope a moving object, as a swinging pendulum, is drawn in successive stages, and while the series is rotated and viewed through slits, the pendulum appears to be swinging backward and forward. For the same reason a vibrating string appears as a flat plate, and we think lightning lasts much longer than it actually does, while without this ' persistence' fireworks would lose most of their beauty. The rotating vacuum bulbs form a very pretty illustration of this, but as the illumination is intermittent, the tube appears as a rayed star and not as a continuous circle. That white light is composed of all colors may be shown by rotating a disk with segments, colored in proper proportions, when the colors are blended, and it appears white, or more correctly gray. Physiologically, white light is made up of the three colors, red, green and, violet, whieh we probably perceive by three sets of nerve fibres of the retina. On the border of the retina the red-perceiving nerve fibres are absent. We can see this by holding a red pencil in front of the eye at arm's length, and while keeping the eye fixed moving the pencil round sideways, until we reach a point at which the pencil is visible but appears black. If the eye has an excess of one color presented to it for some time, the nerve fibres corrsesponding to that color are incapable of acting for a short period, and a white surface appears tinged with the complementary color. This effect has been largely used by a certain firm for advertising purposes. Similarly a strip of white paper on a piece of bright green covered with white tissue paper appears pink. An ingenious advertisement has blue figures on a red ground. When these are viewed in the shadow and slightly moved, the blue marks appear to dance about the paper, for when the eyes are in focus for the red, an image for the blue is formed in front of the retina, and is therefore indistinct ; when the blue is right, the red is indistinct ; as the red rays converge to a point behind the retina, the rapid changing of the focus of the eye from one to the other position makes the edges indistinct, and gives the idea of motion. If santonin is taken, white appears yellow, as this drug has the property of des- troying the violet-perceiving fibres. If a thin platinum wire is made incandescent with an electric current, its apparent thickness is greatly increased ; this is due to ' irradiation,' or the encroaching of bright parts on darker ones ; similarly, any one looks larger in light than in dark clothes, and a white wafer on a black ground looks larger than a black wafer on a while ground The effect of background may be noticed in a snow storm ; the snow looks black against the light sky, but white against the dark earth. Irradiation also explains the ap- pearance of a pole with the sun as background, when thc pole appears narrower, or even discontiguous, when in front of the sun's disk. A piece of black thread held in front of the gas shows the same phenomenon. A defect of the eye, known as spherical aberration, causes the eye to see a bright point as a star. Gas lamps in foggy weather show this well. Milk looks white and blood red because the eye has not sufficient magnifying power to perceive that coloured or opaque particles are floating in a colourless liquid. The part of the retina where the optic nerve enters the eye is quite blind ; to observe this, put a dot and a cross on a piece of paper about three inches apart, close the left eye, and fix the right eye on the cross to the left of the paper, and at a certain distance (about nine inches) the dot entirely disappears. If a pin be held by the point quite close to the eye, and a pin hole in a card be held between the eye and a light, the pin will appear head downward, owing to the upright shadow being inverted by the judgment, as if it were the inverted image usually received on the retina. The experiment known as Scheiner's is various. By looking at a pin through two holes very close together two pins are seen as an image on the retina is produced by the rays of light passing through each of the holes. Our having two eyes make some strange illusions possible. Let a paper tube be placed to the left eye and the hand be placed by the right side of it, when a hole will appear in the middle of the hand. This property of the brain of combining the images of the two retinas is occasionally of use in tracing the form of an object under the microscope without the aid of a drawing prism. The steroscope gives the appearance of solidity by combining two slightly different views by means of prismatic eyepieces. Two somewhat similar ' cartes' placed under it are trended to a curious camposite portrait. If two banknotes are observed in it, and there is any appearance of solidity, they are not identical, and therefore one is forged. That your judgment of distance largely depends on having two eyes, may be amusingly shown by trying to thread a needle with one eye closed. The pseudoscope is a combination of prisms which inverts the normal relation, and makes near objects appear distant, and vice versa, in a most bewildering way. The curious rotation of ' strobic circles' partly depends on persistence and partly on the fact that the curvature of the eye is not exactly the same in the vertical and horizontal direction. Pictures must be classed as optical illusions, for all artists attempt to make objects on a flat surface appear to have three dimensions. So well is this done at times that we think the eyes of a picture follow us as we move about a room. The effect of neighbouring forms in misleading the judgment may be shown by placing two exactly equal somewhat horseshoe- shaped pieces of cardboard with the narrow part of the one opposed to the broad part of the other, when the latter will always look larger. How big does the sun look ? is a question which would get various answers ; or, to put it more definitely, what is the diameter which first hides the sun's disk at a certain distance, say ten feet ; as far as I can answer the question, I should say between three and four inches. This is an example of the difficulty of estimating the size of an object with nothing to compare it with ; when on the horizon, the sun appears larger, for there we may have comparison objects. When we see people walking on the top of a small hill, the summit of which is sharply defined against the sky, they appear gigantic. The ' Spectre of the Brocken,' a shadow cast by the rising run, may also be mentioned. An amusing error of judgment is often made when one attempts to show the distance from the floor a hat on a gentlemen's head would reach. If a square is divided in one direction by parallel lines, it appears elongated in the direction of the lines ; in dress it is useful, for vertical stripes make a lady look taller and thinner. Illusions of motion are common. We may watch a waterfall till the water appears to stand still, and the rocks behind it move up. While sitting in a train passing, it is impossible, if the latter be of closed coaches (like a mail train), to say which of four things is happening. The other train may be at rest, both trains may be moving in the same direction, but ours quicker, or in contrary directions. We can only settle the question by looking out of the other window. On looking at a bright sky I can see spots moving up and down, and looking like snakes. These are known as muscæ volitantes and are due to moving opaque particles in the virtuous humour of the eye throwing a shadow on the retina. J. F. Liverseege. When plants are sprayed with paraffin, other plants standing beneath them on which drip from above might occur should be removed. The object of frequently stirring the mixture is to prevent any more infinitesimal deposit of paraffin on the leaves, for any sen- sible amount to form a film on the leaf would be liable to be more than a harmless dose. Dr. Charles M. Cresson, of Philadelphia, states that he has more than once found the typhoid bacilli in the juice that he has squeezed out of celery grown near Philadelphia. 