I rxpKR A STRANGE MASK. FRAXK JBABEETT, I it-ire- " Tfcs Ataiinjrie LaSy-BicWy Pane," «cio-r - ; rta, etc, ' CHAPTER f. , ' H - $SBTAM1»-<$CrKF. I jUytffl , not hH etnne'e throw from ioerally , tbn Miss Sylrater, I gare Jtw.tbo iqniMtf Being I -»a!f np to. tejArtaago hoigfat of wamea. SSieshewM eHghVauwoA her email head fSav had-a thm, ,tonR. face with dehcata I .aaiheeAo-Sch. I shekel nstpeeeeaea ure; eo latopped abort in Late a eoodiook at her, aa an artist would «c« before Wa hroonto jdctare, or.« gar- Em uetidsfaa cbsnriied AenE,-ud with the ,rilialetn.«to«» whM -judgment is in dis- I rLtp - Itiapartof e lairjSBr'e busineea to form J iost esthuta.oaf i diaoater; . and .1 had L£TputodtA«e ijBDnng gentiemei who I jeteddDegt seeaFaieea el MiaeSylvestor I -ilk ttir. -— is who i- I tno TreU- hretUtodill'efii th» efaimof a lady to I esteem otter laWnmey.. fy-ty-WMgfl WBOSBld' COSSldeTSilOZl I place ittAhat;yeang noolr" I asked I Erreeli, puiims>rP"cldMjl HtH. closer to I yeim. Bntmjafftt wme.oot-loog enongh I in' tliifrTj' nafilimtim1; of anrit anapicion In I her 1 sotiaed wee that ehe walked I «itb Jaantnde, and that her figure was a little I bentwflhfaligw. . = I M She's been, fagging herself to deam to give I somebody pleanmn I warrant," nidi, aban- I dotting the- Teiy thnaght .of iJL "She's nale I sad worn. I can nee. that I wish to goodness I "ettould srow alitHeetontar." I At that moment she epifld me, and her cheek I floiiiing, her tipeparting with a cry of pleasure, I ihe cuss quicHy to me; oar was I not of a ooefldad aorta I noticed that she wore a plain cotton dress of dark blue with irtute spots, gathered in ah the waist with a jftfara. Her hair had .tumbled down and had been put np loosely in a knot — and very pretty' ihe soft brown mass looked against her white i is, with a stray end or two taking the jtddish tint of'scftmsn leaves. She carried basket in one hand and a: cheap straw jmt in the othier; ' dropping both at her feet, she slipped off fin loose garden Hove an3 impumveiy prt Iter two soft, decler hands in una ft, mniiuuiiiig & welcome. She looked into my face as if die would like me to kfesher, and sol took that pleasant' privilege of an old CMS. .. it does one good to bo an old friend," said she. filiy, certainly yon look better now +b«w wlee I first caught right of you." i)hf I was tired— to-morrow is oar harvest Sccdiv, and I haviheea at Wurk in the church » '.ay— Fm nota flit how," Bald die, picking Bp the things toe fctf let fall as 1 stooped for that purpose. " Ana when I jam tired all my courage goes, and Pp nothrng fiat a stupid little cowsru: " sayingnue; warn atrownather own weakness, die -crashed her hat up mi«f craxmed "it, with her ' gloves, in the basket ; then slipping her hansr my arm, to added, with a confidrnwrnije, Dp .you know, just before Isaw you T was trying to invent yjfyttprof hnmnrtu ta h4ng ynw pwr here ntxt week." . ' -Ha, ha! yoti thought that if you did not make business an excuse for my coming, I mi-ht make it my amine for stayingaway." ' Oh, I knew yon would come if I only told too what was the matter with me ; but £ was attained to admit it." - » Have you the courage to acknowledge it now r" I aBkwi. 'Yes; iffs simply. tins. ' I have not had a chat with anypnexor a week-end I'm wretched. The rain has driven all ate visitors away: Miss Winter has gone home to her friends— I nro all alone1 ' ' - - 1 interrupted her : ('1Gsa Winter is a paid companion," £ es sharply 4 Why on earth does Hiss Winter want to go away at this very; time P7 r ' Because 116 -fust at this vexy time die1 dent want to stay, T suppose," relied my lit :le friend. 'TooiudnHzdase to let her ?o -W-Kor, whft tnld TT1B htf «— Wi f MO cm" - \- Her mothec's dead and baned," eaid L ' Well, I fee! sure 3hefl write next week to &x; her ootherSs coadfiion prewBBtahfcr retucn> iog.' Good gracious mel" said L lrDo yoa- neis to say you .are all alone in this' great, ghostly house r" ..We warenowatandmgmtlte great, ghostlv halL. She nodded, pulling up her skirt and Tnbhingjoff .;the wet gravel Iran the edge of her littie shoe on the mat. -i Where's the. vicar r" said 1, Tubbing my feet impatiently. " In thevicarage-r6oi8Mra.Mildmay.. They left all the decoration . of the chnrch in my bands — bamaeSdo ttaontedSv.. They «a«n<» iu oncetosay how diarmingiy I was getting on. Wonder they didn't bong me a-bnn. Ve cughttobe goodhaeads; butweenot. Its my fanltj of coarse, that we don't get on. Oar rabicon u the weather ; we never go beyond it. Mr. SfiHmay— te so dreadfully sweet--' tempered ; he agrees with everything you any ; one can't even quarrel with a mn of that sort, and you hate him the more became you can't. Mrs. HUdmay writes, yon know — : sends things to the magazines ; aie doesn't tell Aether they oome &dc.; She "»e to get down to my level; but it's a failure. When I vesture to speak of literature, sh s puts me down with a superior amOe, and mIm ff shall send me 4 Myra's Journal ' to read — about two years old, yon know." I know the sort of woman," refd I, "and dent like it." We were still rubbmg our shoes , on the mat, ar-i we went on rubbing them nnconstionsly-'a few seconds mora in sflfiace, both occopied with our own thoughts 'K then, ikying her hand on my arm, and looking into my -face with deep, earnest eyes, she said— Tell me I ought to be ashamed of myself." " And welcome, xny dmx, ff ybtx will show me why." " For having soltttleselfcommand/'saidehe; " for breaking down when I ought to up firmly. It -was pleasant enough all the Eumma, while friends were coming, and the village was full of visitors; hot now, when I- bare done my morning'e duties, and sit down tired, £ can't even fix my attention on a book, but must look at the leaves outside falling— falling with not a sound — till I get frightened, and 1 think I am in a dying world; and oh I I would give anything if ohly xny dog would say a word to me." The tesra gathered in her- eye. My child !" said Z, in a tone of expostu lation. 44 1 am not a child," she said, "I am four- and-twenty. That is why it is eo humiliating to feel th&t; one is If £ am not a woman now. I never «hnH be." "You are a woman, my dear, and' th&t; is why you cannot endure this solitude. Woman was no more intended to live alone than man is. No man would stand it a week— anyhow / wouldn't. £ knew how it. woold. be, and only last mght-Xaaid-to myself. i That lady must not bel&ft; there tdone.' " 41 And that is - why, yea have noaie ten mdes to see me?" she her aglow with gratitude, as die JaMher -hands on my shouldtes. „ . ,, "Xot &ltogether;, my dear," and I gave her another kins jPvn known bet since she VantpHmfrym ' RJiowea -HM mw nf huanK hrninriinmid ' Tes, aitiT iaiii not -one word hefcee. Oh, weU haemich a long evening ! I won't he Ctb »nnmtafwt>tgtcgy iiifff n and she ran.. upEt&ixB;, passing mu- way to ncif fh&dleti.; my trap in the vulaga, ana then, again, a littie,' further on, asking pHn finp mbbiJAiAm- tea to be made; and. L.owa that ibc-fme this, chUdhkB each -a fcWft « ft visit of an oldmanwas in Ha signifi- cation. j, j RMIands Court — or, as it n now caH' I<sevally Const— etaade on the .hrow o£, a geotly-nsmg bill, from whidi a. noble Taik' weeps down to the qnaxatvilagB of IteevaHy. From the lawn yoa may aae the littie hsrbour,' in which nestles a. fleet of fishing- boats under the lee of a ywr, with a light- house at; the end, lonrvteg ouiwaul into .a . Junette of daik Uos set. - . A lovelier, site, coold not have been fbowo-iorttehabitetfon . of man, -and- 1 doubt if man .oonld have rbnnm a for the Bte— agreatwquaxe ane 4iembd- fished,' as Pwy at the time it was built, witii & row of Boric cbhwrmw, pp- PMently placed jthere to ,wpp«t nothing, and. fer no -earthly. usefiol puiiiueB. jA; house stood ttera in the soteenth. osuHiryss X-tnow by .the t r |(rgi if -yte of denceoo aflprastestaiedtinaat have heen, to judge by awing ahatting.npon the old Jtarch, whuh nijlwtetgwd. conogb' to hmve shndugito ervafa. iftWUiind outer offices: fclrt ii &wn; id nfSosdtitetaSrS 2ufcstaafafta «cuamW:io thejexBasda teste . >|QttnM;teHor hffy rooms cnti. and i Boateif them cover sod epace tp sm iiu fisr anontinaiynibdMf timteMenee. ' All that side of fits house on the east of tbu great entrance haQ was nnnaad; thedoon y16 locked, and no one had been in tfcp rooms- only cSght or nine rooms on the wertmdeTOe mjuae. One of these was divided by fteiattegoprietur with a partition <mepiit wsying Mrs study end lifarazy. theother-aara llvrng-room ; and here: alone you might forget Wat a great, nglr, cluHbartacts of a place Slc Coartma. j ; . . ' CHAPTER H. 1 ' TEN KDCCTES RECOXXECTION8. I I told 1 he moid to set tiie tea things in tltei iivxng rtxnn, and, Btrcdling Into tba fibcary. threw myself in the earnest chair, and my byes; thinking about Miss Sylvester and thu Ugly house she "lived in — mt-nrni i y awmn My little fzimid save the found -me asleep there -When she came in: but that couldmot be, for I have a distinct recollection of putting the his- tory of the Court and its owners inton form— — sacciht. fljjP- \- Tate-Ungusgeidateeamgidmtawli linWjJk. which. Leonid notSWortB hadlbeeniUbn sleepy. I can even now run over the detafla as theyoecurred to me: and perhaps there win be ' no-better place in my story than thisio do so "An- ugly house, with :an uglv history " thought I; 44 if it had only been a little umre picturesque, what a capital story one of these clever- novelists -might have tnd th it' Might have get a ghostin if those old gables -had been' left; 'but how could a ghost associate with tholte detestable Doric columns r" . yars ago — a long way to go hsckf Never mind, we can get over w yeare iu'50 seconds, perhaps; for X shan't spin vny sty'-out as if it were a hiQ of costs, or make it tedious with attempted fink writing. For iron need not expect an old lawyer in his moments of easB to be severely correct, as if he were talking with a tiohtish client on business. We lawyers unbend othre men, end drop into colloquial phrases easily- enough with folks whom we neither fear nor <fcjnry j have no reason to fear or <iiRinr« you, my dear reader, so away we go without restraint. Fifty years ago this home and the conn try for miles around belonged to the Bed- lands family; there are the arms sculptured in that marble chimney-piece (I remember open ing my eyes and glaring at it), Loevallyat that tdme was a collection of miserable huts, - tenanted by not less miserable fishermen' their wretched fanu&es; the! farmers on the estate were scarcy better off. The ware always in want of money, fhpir steward had to grind it out of the toxanta ' somehow. It was not a bad family; they1 had, and still have, some of the best quali ties, but their extravagance -and improvidence made them bad landlords, and most have been a source of perpetual discomfort to themselves. They lived beyond their income, and did nothing whatever to improve their estate; they never thought of retrenching, and, as the property deteriorated every year tn valne, they got into debt, and sank pretty -deep in iL Whan things were about as bad as they oould be. Lord Gordon Kedl&nds; took to a wife. That was characteristic. Assooaashe came home from the honeymoon, he found he must borrow ten thousand pounds ftmn some one to pay off the swarm of minor creditors who threatened to destroy the peace of his young wife's new home He applied to - his friends.. xuere wj use waa naa already oispmysd nnimnsl -generosity. . That friend was feobert Sylvester. . : Robert Sylvestor was about the same -age as Lord Bedlands; he had mawifd at 25; his wife, died. in giving birth to a son. Three yeajs afteraards he: and his friend -Lord Redlands fell suxmltaneoudy in. love with the beautiful daughter of Sir Andrew Peyton. She rejected Sylvester and .accepted Lord Redlands. But this did not shake the devotion of Syiverier to his friend; and when, aa>- £ say,. Land Redlands .made .known his jw»i«q«y MniMiyaBftmonTj Syl vaster at onoe came forth, oTering to- supply lim with -the - jnmey : on mg, . note-of-hand. :lhe. offer was .acoopted, and Sylvester drew the money irons his banker, and posted ver with the hud cadi in hte pocketrem JBath, . where , he wasthen staying, Itisposeible titethis in tention got known through tiie indiscretioo of eometme in the bank; anyhow, itianfaet that between Bath and-Baipstepleh -wtes-iaftadrnd . by aconple of thiiwayniea. -He was armed,. and# : saaoeedicg w heating, og the ssqdfl, .he readied . Barnstaple. , Hs ;rreted thiare thai. tim next-day- ariived at Ooaxta -Jt-sns thajfiattime hehad seen Lady: Redlands einoe die rejected him, "but nothing win. ' Thetera frimdR sat up vesta- xpag.-cbliged in ratern .. to H«h 'fea day. Before parted . . he -hindedrer'. tb Lord Redlands &e; -money, te had hroughi, and reaaived from him acknowledgment in the f om of. n -note- of-hand... Eariy' .the .next jmoin- ,-ine ,jthe- .servante;f6a&A..tha;£ ' &e.; 'house- -hsa been broksji into, during the night, :and £omg xo Locd Redlands!s roam, theyfoundhimymgdead in his fied bereath /fhanfllow "ft "ft'T" Hi" ; the box in which he kept ebme private papers : and had placed, the mpney receivafi from Syl vester was gone. There were.majfa of heavy footsteps -in a - flower -fiedheueaih' the window <I""vr' whirii the .iBnfrance. had .been ; tk qoiIs of horsemen had been seen early in. the t"t»pt|two on tiie outskhts of Cbneyford ; indeed, there was auffifaent evidenoe to move that the men who took Lord Redlauds - lite and his , money vwere the game scbimdrds who . had atiarkftd Sylveder. on the Barnstaple xosd. Robert Sjivwdsr/was overcome wzlh grief .anfldfopfy ttoterrihifl fnfq ofhis friend was made, known to him; .hot, summoning fortitude, he did. all that a man ho old and «wtM do In such .circumstances. 'He called togetiier the. friends and relativre of Lord anH lady. Redlands to come and console the unhappy young widow, whilst . he himself, ATA yf&d; by that tiurst fdr vengeance which, wag conaderaHy, stronger fifty years agotiian it is at piOBuiit, raisea'the country. in pursuit of the maletectors. There was no telpgraph tiian| and the police system was altogether de fective : the cmpritEgot clear off, ana no trace of them could be teuhd. beyond Coneyfard. . where it is supposed titer got a fish!ng4>ou' tocaxry thsmoff to "Wales. Sylvester stayed in the neighbouriiood until fiia. friend ;waa bnried; then he went away. Hie left a note for Lady Redlands ; whra she opened it she found ' her late husband's note rof -hand to Sylvester for ten thousand pounds torn in Thelast service £ can offer my dear friend," was written on the paper that enclosed the tornacknowledgment. ' No- one. could deny that "Robert Sylvester hnfl behaved , throughout like a devoted friend, and this last .act of generosity was . Worthy "of such . friendshro. . iJntertuiiately . it did .not discharge Xora Redlands' . debts to other ' creditors, and if was found 'necessaiyjbo sellpart of the estate. - .Lady Redlands had no longer any Avar tdUye.&t; .the Comrt, and that part of : the estate iriclnrungj the Court, tiie para, and the village of I«oevaUy- was' publicly offered for sale. . r&en.; was. -not jmany offers; but the highest was outbid by Rotiert' Sylvester, ami it was fcnocked;dowzi to him at a prioe considerably beycod' ifs actual yataa. Three h»3 passed by since the of her hufdwod,' end Lady Redlands was. somewhat teehverad from tim temble Rhock. ! With the title-deeds hi ins hand, Robert, Syl- . vaster presented Idmeelf, and prayed 'the widow to than back and be his wife. ' She xe- fused; faffing bSm tfiat she -had resolved never to many again; -tefiqstten vnsBfieinias appearance atrttet time to tesit tiie young widow to a second marriage. The loss-: of Ms friend had produced an effect, mte- :hia'wtiidk "testmed tothe extraor- SmXyaffectnmheboreto'Lotd Badlands; fbe i an j. !<! irtinftil'iiinii liiil -mdflnn1ir'lifiriiiTW> iilil ul 'tenraiiB »'«iTiur sodrtf, -JbrnnSng eveiy . Wnfl nfMimmmL Ztwas nuS thct he never ejept, udit'tiaie! ms notaaatemf hiseeaaon. He was told by the doctor to whom lie applied' for OTHSfcea'to procure den and fmgetfulneBB,'1 that toe only permanent raief was & he fi>nntt ' in en entire rtiange of -'earioitnCnge." Tbii adrtoe, woohfin, £xe withfotmcr frienda, be acoepted; and, leaving Ida difldnagood bands, he bebame a traveller, endwaenomoreseeainEngland.' . , JfeeweeMMto Syiveeter," the eon. 'wfRohot, whneeiiatory I have 'been talking hoot. The tad was broaght tip under the care of wise andr kindly vdd parson in Stafford- etire, whotsnglii bim tike q-pj" dattee'etfh Ckiidhi '<md s geiitlwnan to due coarse the lad went to Etnii, aiM ' thmiis to- Oxford. He f-waa 21' whenr hi. father.. -Hobert Syheater,- divided - Ma L.prppeity, ' I mill i r 1 1 _ enough for bi. uwji iHiiniwnbifai . and handing toe net ovar to his ;eon. With this Richaid ibodgbtw nommimienin tistozmy ; be went to India, where he dilitifagnifihwl him- sel£ rose to the rahknf Ren tenant-colonel', and five yeaa after obtained inmokmaley IhaSBS1 he 'meixiadL'dn fSt'bb dajriflee Marian was born. ' Soonaftex thia, he laiddowwbta commie- Kon wnd came to Hnfdand.withhkaarif wboee htolff- 'kwaai toflhwnd their Angfctac. The colond was titen aurijrihh ntototttoTOa andheweaoeeipdlelto wtitBtohSSiS te money. Robert tjyiv eata gent him a notqfle of bnndead . ponnda .'for tun wmettm mifia, ; . .tjj'eini I Hint kha Was-welcDmfito live at Bedlsnda rCokrt-eadrmafca awlat he oonia out iiilaln. H' «"-— nid' expect ymy .feewiaam.' jmfHwiwy MBMrfMifi- fa'MH him. cTteermaa nod have last aR iwolffl iiiwi and fft w«t ft iwiiSMi sf & niiimilJinit-e. Writing from Atil6nBphR«dr«Mndttmg to Ate (£ was at the letter only last week): — "I have given yon all that I can affosd;. I can give you no more without de- priving myself of .cqinforts that I regard as ""mvwwBiTy: In tiife, I cdtider 'that I have qteraajjged- my parental duties, and see ho' to do more The Loe viUy; estate JSfis tearray paid exposes tinbe it beeeme mine," No tenant' has been found for .the Gohrt,aiid' the rent -OoUected ftom the villagers scarcely, covets Ae expenses of teniBog thor houses,' Itmajhe that the man wSo has liaise of the upeily ."is diRbonest. G«l the. ad vice bf a necwit lawyer who knows the counter. ; with that, and careful maiogonai you sutbe able te makB.fl Bving. r I hopeypu wflLiat any rate,' there is a roof to. dieller yjou yourf family .until you see .some way out of your present difficulties ; btri, in any case, do sot . bother j me with your affairs. .I.jdo.not -wteh vever! . again to write the name , of that:placti, nr. | hear ono word about it. . Npcjaeed yon trbulfie j to answer this letter; I 4fbald. rather you did jbot; _bnt| if you .do. pray try tojavoid a& or- - aresiou of sentiment, we have cot-seeu-each- other for 33 years; then you were <u>o ybong to know me from any other person. TChyahoall we care more for eai other than then r As a rational being, you, £ hope, axe proof ngfciTwtf the hallndsatiou of false sentiment ; and I beg youto believe that I am." _ . . One. piece of advice in this precious Setter the colonel acted upon unmediately-r h a asked in Conejford lor a respectable lawyer, and; was - decided to try me. He laid his cose before me, showed me the letter fnnu his father, mad- asked if IwouU hhim.,.|X liked the man ftom the very first— a fe&dess;, clear speaking, -scraightforwaxd man, Vitfi deep-set dark eyes, his_ sunburnt skin lightly lined with- the wrinkles that come of and kindliness— -and I agreed to help him as best I could.1 We wait over the. estate together: : Lis. condition was pretty nearly as. bad as it qouldbe." With 30 years of neglect and bad xnanagmneni, the farm lands had .-become worthless, and, but for ragged hedges that surrounded mem, would have passed for common : not an acre was under cultivation, . the fannhousea- woe untenanted. Loevally was a miserable collection of tumblerdown hovels inhabited by a miserable, and squalid community, who lived Heaven only knows how. Every storm swept away a portion of the old pier, so that it scarcely afforded protection to the few fishing- boats left of the once respectable fleet. i To restore the place bf prosperity, money must be -spent upon it, To get money we most .mortgage the property or cut down timber.. I persuaded the cptbnpl to let us write to his father and ask which he would prefer.- In due course he sent the title-deeds of the estate, with a brief and characteristic tetter saying that his son was at liberty to make what- uE he pleased, of. .them -thai, with regard to. the timber, he 'was perfectly indif ferent whether, we left the treeir stiuiding or cut them down. We money on tiie title-deeds. The colonel spent it wisely and well. Ho made, a -few rooms in. tiie Court habitable, and brought his wife there, j Hia daughter he placed in a school at Cbiteyford, that she might have companions bf her own age and. condition. . Then he repured the old pier, had the cottages made clean and' waterproof, and began to put some of the land, under cultivation He had indomitable courage, and a hopeful, cheerful disposition.; he needed - »u uisL m me nrht year ox uiat up-mu fight. Hie wife was a brave woman, . too,. 1»wy>1f Whftfi-frifly tO tilB CUT- - cum stances of "her. changed positioiL— comfort- ing .her husband lu litue difficulties, making the home sweet aaid. ch(vrfn1f seconding his. . efforts with patient "stead tartness— a true help- . mate, as a wife "bfoiia be: /While be toiled to mab> ajfl fta VlQage .she strove- to. maku the fishermen and (heir .wives arid broods clean and decent, and bring Asm into A better .and happier way bfliying. . TiifRmvif work it was ; tor wnen folks get deeply sunk in misery, they lose hopej and'Vith it the vrish to rise again: The. men. only wanted to be left alone ; theyvprnen resented the 44 pry- ihgways" of those who eongfct to knowthmr -wants; the children wouldn't be washed. if-: they could, help it. But just aa the colimel, hy patient jdourtiing and harrowixig,' got the weeai oat of tihemnd, jand madem yield mtatoes in, their place, eo . dxd his wife dean m hearts, of those stobborn htnnsn 'creasiues, - -and plant Aeed that brought forth good harvest ' in . ue eeaeoril It was Tebwmng to, see. tkerajit woii and' 1, never -left 0w Court without feeling a greater reepect and love . tor iriy feRow-creatorea. It wsn a lesson to hmn&mty.; i ritflo — though slowly' enoufi. at firat.lo.ftiy.tiie pidierice of Job-the property raee In 'valne,' /EhB yiOagers bdgsnto make/ money-sha 'saye ft,>nnch: was'the great thing. Instead of spesidtogan' tobeer,fh contiir to nay. Aome/for rent. ' 0ne. year.ires good, for hemnga, an otiier .was 7 good tor potatoes; tnhwntn came uito; the totate inrteadof going but arid so jErvery.y tor ti£o wed a better result, than the preceding one; but the grtat stroke of fortune came'wben the line -of railway was opened to Cbneyford. 'It brimght visitoo from London — pleasure -seekeia, Ettsftit-eeekera, poete,, painters-all sorts and conditions of men, who. astonished by the grandeur of the coast,' ,tSxe ! peauty of "the ccmritfy, tiie pore, toaemg air that swecpe in:ftbm the Atl antic, tiie quaint picturesqueness of the bid vxQage, spread' everywhere the praires of - Loevafly, bringing' tout ty year more visitaza. With a generous hand, toc colonel bis wife helped reevtilagera to fmnMi rooms In tiieir cottages for tte .accommodation of " these -folks, raising thmnto.a state bf prosperity that they, or we, had never dreamed of. The tail also opened, a fresh outlet for produoe; and at length the colonel, after paying off Hs mortgage, found lifmBftif with money in ||tn- Another ser vant, a pony »rid trap to. fetch his daughter from Conejford on Saturday : and take, her back on Monday—these were the only ad ditions the colonel -made:"to his own ex penses. AH fbe surplus 'mosey was sunk to improving tiie property — to building a ; new- pier, a school -house, sew roads etc. In 'S2aa end' to his happiness: his wife fixed.. w«Tiaii) then eighteen, left school, 'and came hnma to mirrfiti-f hej- father, and be "bis right hand. Bravely ahe played her part, eobdoing her ' own giief to lessen her father's sorrow. The colonel's heart was broken. His health gave way, and slowly he sank and sank. Manan undertook the duties of the house hold, ' in addition, charged herself yrith the management of hA estate, as her father became tees and less capable of administering his affairs, making" "complete miriness of evezy detail of tbft complete1 machinexy. She astonished m. I never could haver be lieved a young woman capable of each an undertaking/Bat though, towards the latter part of W fatheria lifarimw, rim controlled the. estate in perfect independence of his help, X doubted if she would' have -tiie strength to' continue it alone. I spoke to -the colonel about it,1 representing teat,' in view«f acci-" deste, he inzgnt to get bis father to: make some settiementof the properly; for; as he had no legrtdaim to anything on the ertate, .he oould teijHftuft pflftinpin jys daughter, and she, at. the pf seemed .toraelie better a"mkdrntm — might be j-rrmA put of fr" Couf sbsblutdy jostifcte. .'tTYrfte to my if you think vt neces- "sary," saifi he ; and BocbmagryTSl vrife by the YBiy next post. The reply rw%s - brief : A-bT hi 'not likely to outlive my eon— and' bbaPt wish to — the enclosed iriD may tfiver sTT pnTpnnm. and teBeve your, minds "ofi se-c eoraifiSB." The will, signedand. witnessed, waa almost .as brief; he left eyething,real and« iMtoii»«l( tnwwiirinnalty bm gTftJiddnnghti=T . Contrary to Iub indication, tiie old man did fflitltro Ms "eon; tor' the colonel died jn T86— Svlvteter bams still alive somewhere' in Italy in this very autumn of 8$, ' " a "IbaL- 1 has- been ready quite 10 minutes," 'eaiffMisa Sylvester, on the aim of the the (hair andtobktog down - into ay lace as I happened taopmunygyeg. (TOBSiOUSWHgD. - y - 