THE BUSH MISSION. Letter from Mr. Foley to those amongst whom he has been labouring :—My Dear Friends.—Now that another year has rolled around, and the Church is commemorating the glorious advent of Jesus Christ our Lord ; I would by God's grace stir up your pure minds to a closer walk with God. Wishing my many friends scatteied throughout the colony, a Good Christmas and a Happy New Year for Chiist my master's sake I would earnestly impress on you to choose the best thing in the world. What is it 'i We have been told that faith is the greatest thing. But at the pipe which conveys the water is not the fluid by which our thirst is slaked, although without it we would not get the water, neither without faith can we get the greatest thing in the world—namely, love. Love is the grace which makes the most difficult things easily accomplished. It is the greatest power in this mundane sphere. And certainly in heaven, for God is love, in very essence, and lias manifested his love to us his rebellious chi'dren by giving his only begotten son to be our ransom and our propitiation. Beloved brethren, we are commanded to love all men—even our enemies—but we find that in our natural state it is impossible for us to love the latter. But Christ was manifested to destroy the evil in our nature which hinders us. More than 1S00 years ago he crushed Satan's head, in triumphing over all bis insinuations and temptations, and by the most cruel and ignominious death of the Cross. God testified bis ac- ceptance of his person and completed work by raising him from the dead ; setting him at his own right hand, a prince and a Saviour whence he now sheds forth the Iloly Ghost for us, indeed the office of the lhird Person of the Most Holy Trinity is to take of the things of Christ and reveal them unto us. Oh! Holy and Righteous Father for Christ's sake, send the Holy Ghost with all his convincing and quickening power into every soul scattered throughout this fair land, and especially upon those amongst whom thou hast set us to labour. I said, in our natural state, we cannot love our enemies, and I am sure you will agree with me in that, hut when we are arraigned by the Holy Spirit, by tlie word before the bar of our own conscience, ana found guilty, ourselves being judges, and determine by God'; help to give up everything that offends God or man. and earnestly desire to do right for the future. Then it is that God the Holy Ghost breathes into our dead souls quickening the germ of life in tlmse souls into fruition and RCtivity,—first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear. Now that our souls are animated, their imputations are in unison with God's mind, and as his will is love to all his creatures especially his enemy, rebel man; being in touch with God we will love our enemies : and if we follow the leadings of the Holy Spirit we will have easy work, for Christ's yoke is easy and his burden light as 1 have proved for myself. Oh. dear brethren let the love of God rule and reign in vour hearts for the coming year and ever moie. Tnen my mission will be eternally our gain and God's glory in Chiist for ever and ever. Those breth- '; mi who hold up my hands, by providing me villi the tile means of reaching you, will have honor from the Master, when th.\v hear from His lips " inasmuch as ye did it unto '•'\e of thes<>. my brethren ye did it unto Me." pear brethren scattered abioad, you know that I have known nothing among you but Jesus Christ and liim crucified, and that some of you have been quickened with newness of life by the Spirit of God through ' my unworthy ministry, see that yc walk in Christ bejng rooted and grounded in love. Oh, procrastinating brothers, delay not, flee for your life to Jesus who will save you from your sins and hide you in the pavillion of his love. Your Servant in Christ, J. J. FOLEY. I will be glad to solemnize marriages between suitable persons when called to do BO, administer the Holy Sacrament, and do the work of a minister in my extensive biBhopric of South Australia. 