? A SERIES OF CONTRADICTIONS. Mr L. Henderson, Secretary of the Moo Coal Mining Compauy, writes as follows to the "Argus" :— Sir,—On reading iu your columns on Monday the report of the deputation from the residents of Coalville to the Railway Commissioners I was very much struck with some of the information given by the chairman to the members of the deputation, and can only think that the feeling imported into the discussion, " which is to be deprecated," has in some way caused an oblivion of some of the facts of the case. Hitherto I have not interfered in the matter, as the tale has to be told later on, but in justice to the company, and to the board of directors, for and on account of whom I am now writing to you, I cannot allow some of the statements of the commissioners to pass unchallenged. Taking the items " to be distributed " in the report in the order in which they occur, I come to the statement by the chairman— 1\. That on receiving a letter from the department that they could not give more than 15s. 7d. a ton for the coal, the company replied that the price was £1, and that if the department would uot pay that the mine would be stopped. This is wliolly incorrect. The mine was stopped because the company got formal notice on the 13th January that the commissioners would not be justified iu paying more than 15s. 7d. per ton for the coal. To this a reply was sent on the Kith to the effect that the mine would be stopped because the price was reduced below an amour.t at which the company would carry on. Not one word about £1 a ton. Iu a previous letter we had asked if the department would give us £1 per ton, but we never threatened to close the mine if they refused to give us this pricc. 2\. Mr. Speight.—We gave theni 13s. Id. to start with, and after a while we gave them 2s. fid. more. This is also incorrect. The compauy never sold auycoalat 13s Id. \V r e started at 14s. per ton, and this went on for about 15 or 16 months at a steady loss to to the company. At the time of the New- South Wales coal strike in 1888, Mr (Sillies, the then Minister of Railways, announced in Parliament, in September I think of that year, that the Ooveriiment would give 25s. for all Victorian coal during the remainder of that year and 22s. 6d. afterwards. The commissioners interpreted this for themselves, •and took delivery of our coal for consumption at Warragul, Moc, Traralgou, Sale, ind other stations along the line, but deducted the carriage to Melbourne, where at that time hardly aiiy was taken, except during the strike. So for the remainder of that year, (about three months), we had 25s. per ton, less Gs. lid. for haulage to Melbourne—18s. Id. ]>er ton. From the 1st January, 1889, we had 22s. 6J., less 6s. lid. carriage to Melbourne—15s. 7d.—although at that time all our coal was kept up country for consumption on the Gippsland lines aud saving the carriage of New South Wales coal to Warragul. We have always given credit to the Minister of Railways of the day fur this small hut absolutely necessary rise of Is. 7d. per ton. Without this we should bave been shut up two years ago. 3\. Mr. Speight then went on to say that the coal was uot even worth 15s 7d that die re had been trials made, aud that the coal was from 25 to 40 per cent, inferior to Newcastle coal, that he bad given the company results and they would not believe them, that he did not care to publish them, as they were unsatisfactory, &c.;, winding up with—"Iu fact, the drivers would not use the coal if they got a ghost of a show of avoiding it," &c.; Very nice this, but which for the present I will pass without comment, except as to accuracy again. lean assure Mr. Speight that no results have been furnished to this company, although we understand two sets of trials have been made—one on the Oakleigh line, the other from Spencer- street- We call on Mr. Speight to furnish us with these results, and as he has done all he can to blacken (pardon the atrocity) the character of the Moe coal, we ask him to publish them also if he chooses. He says lie did not publish them because they were unsatisfactory. We invite him to do so now after his public declaration. Mr. Speight also states in connection with his figures that half of the coal or more has -been brought to Melbourne. This was only during the strike, when we got daily messages from the railway store- keeper to try and double our output if possible, or on previous occasions when there was only a few days' supply at Spencerstreet and gales of wind at sea. With these exceptions I venture to say that three-quarters on an average of what coal we produced never went .beyond WarraguL Mr. Speight can easily get returns and put me in the wrong if this is not so. am presuming on obtaining a large portion of your space, bat I must plead the great importance of the question aud the anxiety that public opinion should be prejudiced, also the great importance not only to the Moe Company, but to the coal industry of Victoria. I have only written once—two years ago—on a coal j^iiMriaoifwfaon-I- had to take exception to a statement given to tlie Press by the chairman of commissioners as to the inferiority of Moe coal, and as the executive officer of the company, I have felt delicacy in coming into conflict with the chairman, but my duty to and instructions from, my directors would not allow me to be silent on this occcasion. Thanking you in. anticipation for the L. HENDERSON. Secretary Moe Coal-mining Company limited. 432 Collins-street, Jan. 24. His ExcEi-uracY the Governor left Princes' Bridge by the 5.40. train on Tuesday evening for a trip ovcr the Australian Alps. He was accompanied by Lord Bosch ill, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. M'Intyre,aJttd Mr. Brock ILLA'a. The usual stay was made on reaching Wnrragul, and it was the intention of the local brass band under Mr. C. HL Bowles, to serenade his Excellency, but not having a permit to perform the ceremony, they had to forego the honor, is (he tram moved off, however, they playpd the National Anthem, and the Govemqr, who had remained cl< ensconced within the luxuriously fitted Shite privilege accorded to me, —I am <fcc. carriage, emerged from bis seclusion and acknowledged the compliment by gracefully bowing. A EEW days ago Miss Mapleson, daoghbar of Mr. F. O. Mapleson, of Longwarry South, had a narrow escape from being bitten by a snake while oat in the hayfield. Mfrg Mapleson was sitting down at the time taking some rcfreshments. when die felt something .wriggle in bar skirts. Thinking It was a whf» -the girl was terrifufl by faults drop to the ground. T1 was gpickly ^patched by the men standing by. 