The Advertiser TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1891. A heated controversy is going on in the Queensland Parliament with reference to the action of the Government during the late strike. Its occasion is a motion for a commission of enquiry into all matters re lating to that conflict, including charges against persons or associations. The scope of investigation as thus indicated cannot justly be regarded as narrow and limited, but the proposer of the motion took a still wider range in his introductory s] cccli. The pastoralists' executive, the Government and their agents in th? dis turbed districts, and the press, all came ui:der violent and adverse criticism. Other speakers have followed in a strain of similar invective, and altogether the d?l>ate is characterised by a large amount of acrimony. It is perhaps fortunate that tic opening of the Parliament was delayed till the very end of hist month, when tl.e struggle was virtually over, fur h:.A the temper that is «i?w being displayed been iiirtamed by the c* litinuanee of active strife it would ap parently liave been ungovernable. A searching and an exhaustive enquiry in fully justified by the circumstances of the case, and it is somewhat surprising the Government did not take the initiative in proposing tliat it should be held. The strike and its consequences occupied a pioiiiinent jxjsitit>ii iv the Guvemor's s]-ecch, but there was a noticeable absence of any aUusioii to the great question with wliich it was intimately connected. s>o far as that deliverance wrts concerned t?ie very existence of a lal«>r [itoblem w.is ignored. The one aNpvct of the case tliat was dwelt ujk>h was the occurrence of illegal acts, what was described as an organised attempt to override the reign of law and order, and the measures which the Government saw tit to adopt in the general interests of the people. While the administration was perfectly right in attempting to justify its proceed ings, the policy was scarcely wise which led it to formulate statements conveying die idea that the whole body of shearers were engaged in operations of an insurrectionary character. To say no more, this was certainly a tactical blunder, for its tendency was to irritate the men and their friends to an unnecessary ex tent, and at a time when anything of tluit kind was most undesirable. The effects of the long and severe cou tcst have influenced both the policy of tite Government, as disclosed in the Go vernor's speech, and its subsequent action. One effect was shown in the disastrous failure of tiie pro posed loan. Exaggerated accounts of the disturbed condition of the colony and the damage it whs sustaining thereby so affected the London money market that out of £2,000,000 applied for on exceptionally favorable terms only a {■altry £300,000 was subscribed. Know ing as we do the vast extent <<f Queens land territory, the immensity of its unde veloped resources, and tbe abundance of its material wealth, we may wonder tliat a temporary difficulty like that of the strike should have had such a result, but so it was. The check to enterprise which came 3?t tbe moment when there were other troubles necessarily affected the progress of the colony for the time, but there is no reason to fear iluit any per manent injury will result. Such cxperienc S are rather calculated to brace the courage of a self-reliant community and to develop its latent energy. The programme of the Government bhow.s that active steps will be taken to profit by the lessons tliat have been bo sharply emphasised. Among these is a project for farm settle ments, in which Queensland seems to have taken a leaf out of our book. An amend ing Land Bill lias been introduced, having f«r it* object the settling «>f the people on the land. The intention is to euijtow or the Government to repurchase land where necessary in proximity to menus of com munication with a market, xnd provision ib made for both unconditional and con ditional selectors. Ih this measure designed to fcultotitute for the nomadic class of sheMivrs tho.se who have local iiitcre.su and fixed home* '. Large numbers of the Queensland shearers lutve no such ties, and in consequence they not only migrate from one <lit>trict to another, but from colony to colony in search of em ployment. On many accounts it is de sirable that such men should hiive every facility for settling down. The burning questions in Queensland arc perhaps not so much o|tjx?sed to each other as their titles may seem to indicate —namely, sejWHtion and federation. The pro|KKsahi which were submitted last session for the division of the colony into autonomous provinces, with central legis lative and executive authorities for genera! purposes are to be again brought forward with some modifications, and the draft Federation Bill will also be introduced. Tlit inclusion of both these measures in the Governor's speech indicates that they arc not regarded as irreconcilable. Queensland politicians seem to think tliat there may be a federated Queensland within a federated Australia. The prospects of the hitter are not very bright just at present, and meanwhile the situation of Queensland is felt to be extremely irksome. Agaiu&t; the actual partition of the colony the home authori ties have definitely pronounced, and it is the opinion of many tliat their judgment would be endorsed by every Australian Parliament. The work of federating the existing states is difficult and complicated enough as it is, but if Queensland were split up into sections it would be worse. Whether the agitators wlio desire to lie fixe from the domination of Brisbane will be content with the compromise is another matter. In one particular the Queensland Parliament is to be congratu lated. After liaviug pursued an isolated course for too long a period it has now piactically resolved t<> fall into line with tlie other colonies on the matter of naval defence. The second reading of the Bill w;is carried by the substantial majority of 4'J. to 13. SirTbonias Mclivvraith, who lui.soii former occasions been an opponeut, has .seen the error of his ways and gives the measure his cordial support, lias tliifc changed attitude of the Govenmieut anything to do with the strike ? Tokay nearly forty millions of Frcnch n:cu will join in celebrating their national holiday. It is the Feie dcs ditipen n-c, the day which Republican France h.us de cided to celebrate as her natal day. One hundred and two years ago the French Devolution begau with the fall of the L'jifitille, the outward manifestation of monarchical despotism. Hundreds of enthusiastic orators before no less en thusiastic audiences will to-day dilate upon the graudeur, the wealth, and the wonderfully recuperative power of their. dearly loved native land. Millions of more or less tuneful voices will chant '"La Marseillaise," and Freuch patriotism will bubble over under the cheering influence of tho national beverage and German lager, for in spite of hatred of the Teuton the Parisian cannot do without his hock of Bavarian beer. Whether the French Republic acted quite wisely in selecting July 14 as its national holiday is open to some question. Two years ago the niouarcliies of Europe refused to take official part in the great exhibition held to celebrate the centenary of tiie destruction of the Bastille. They remembered rather the official murder of Louis XVI. than the freedom which followed the fall of the famous fortress, and probably felt little inclination to .sanction a celebration which their subjects might construe into 8 "Go fchou and do likewise." Possibly many Frenchmen to-day may also liave some doubts as they look around them i amid the roaring of camion and the troop ing of flags whether the date was wisely chosen. The more thoughtful must have many serious doubts as to the internal and external position of Fiance in 189]. Every one can see her complete isolation in Europe. Even Italy, that owes her very existence to France, deserted, in the moment of danger and joined her here ditary foe. France's frontier from one end t-? the other is now exposed to the attacks of the enemy as it never was before. Not ouly has Italian policy chosen a Teutonic alliance instead of the natural Latiu one which France used to consider so assured, but it has practically closed Italian ports to French merchandise. It is often said that a common dislike of Germany will bring Russia and France together, but it is most unlikely that any pro longed fricndsliip could exist be tween those countries. Indeed recent events show what French official feeling towards the Czar, if not towards Russia Is ; and after all it is the Czar who will liave to be dealt with, and not the Russians. Only a few months ago a RusMnn general was murdered in broid •L-iylijjlit in his hotel ij! Paris by a Nihilist. The French police made a great fuss, but the murderer escaped and the procureur general afterwards entertained at dinner two jtersons who admitted that they were accomplices, openly lauding one of them as a hero and a tyrauuicidc! M. Floijtict, who is now one of the most influential political leaders in France, insulted the Czar when he visited Paris by shouting in his face ** Vive la Pologne." <Suiv)y it is not likely tluit the great northern autocrat is likely to forget such conduct and to entertain any friendly feeling towards the French Govcnitncnt. Common iiatrcd might bring the two countries together temporarily by bands of mutual interest, but such an unnatural alliance could scarcely last long. Nor has the conduct of France towards England, the other great neutral power, been any wi^er. The French newspapers have been full of pleasant comments upon the recent sojourn of the Queen at Grasse, and of Lord Salisbury «>n the bhores of the Mediterranean. Hut they teem witli abuse of |tei-tMiou-> Albion in regard to her action in K^j-pt and Newfoundland. In the former country the French Government have adopted a regular d<ig-iu-lhe-iiiaii^er policy, and English attempts at settling aflkirs oil the Nile have been thwarted at every step. The Fiviicli refused ti> carry out the obligation* uitkli they joined with England in in.tking. and are now throwing every j^.ssible oWtacle in her |«ith. As to NeHft.tuulLind France bet'ins to have foutiil an almost childish delight in irritating England and preventing any amicable solution of die difficult fisheries question. Next year, too, the commercial treaties must be revised, and the French Government liave been accepting a system of maximum and minimum tariffs, which will make it ex ceedingly difficult to continue upon peace ful terms with other countries. Turning to home aflkirs, the thoughtful Frenchman will find even more reasons for uneasiness. It is no exaggeration to ««y that the power usurped by the French Legislature ui-day is greater and more despotically used than was over the case under Napoleon 111. It is true that in theory the citizen* have the right to elect representative*, but the local ptvssure which is c-Nerci.-wd by the J«irty in ]>owcr almost nullities this right. At the last elections case after case of undue governmental influence was m.-iJe public, but there seemed to be no remedy ; and even when deputies were proved to have been fniudulently elected the Chamber allowed them to take their *eats. The fact is tliat since 1579 the majority of tiie ]x>gislature has calmly appropriated the functions of the Executive, and has used them in ? most de*i>otic manner, lioulaiigisiu was, really a revolt against .such an usurjMtioii, and thc£tult of timt iiiovemcDt was tiie limn rather than the principle underlying it. The tremendous Mruf/gle at the elections of I>>S!) vnus between the Government and an opposi tion of Monarchists, NapolcoiiUt>, and dissatisned Republicans, the last named coiupriMiig many of the ablest and purest men in the |iarty. The Opposition iithihkd that tlieie must be either a re vision of the constitution ,ir ? revolution ; the Government retorted by promising to lefoiui the methods of the public admints ti-ition if they were returned to power. They were returned with a large majority, but the abuses complained of were not | only not removed, but liave since then bteii aggravated. Of this intolerable interference with the duties of the Executive the case of the jif<p-.s ,le />•(.. •■ is a typical illustration. These petty magistrates are irremovable as long as they conduct themselves properly, but uo less than 2,536 out of 2,941 were either turned out of oflice or removed to another canton against their wishes flaring less than live years. And at the present time a grand enquiry is going on ;ih to the opinions, conduct, and social relations of the wives of all mugibtrates. Could there liave been a more oppressive in<iuisitioii even in " those cruel agonising slaveiy days" before the fall of the Bastille ? Unfortu nately neither the last President nor his successor is a man to insist upon his lights. All these and iiiairy sin' .ar home troubles will suggest themselves to the thoughtful and patriotic Fn-mlinum as he listens to the spread-eagle utterances of to-day. Abroad he sees enemies all along his eastern frontier, and but little chance of finding an ally in itussia or England, "who liave been by turns in biilted and irritated. At home he finds a Parliamentary majority ruling w illi an iron liand and enforcing the most despotic decives under the guise of " puri ticatioii. :> Corruption is rife in political ciivlex, taint'ng even the highest in the land, and a large number of the ablest men see ik> remedy except in a revision of the Constitution, which the Government refuses, or in revolution. But the French man has many causes for rejoicing. He knows that in the past France has never l:een more ]K>werful than at times when c< mpletely isolated, and that her victories were never greater than when sho en countered all Europe by herself. He sees tl.-e smiling vineyards and cornfields which add so much to the wealth of France. Her commerce is still enormous, and every port in the civilised world knows and respects her nag. In the arts and sciences her progress is as giL.it a.s ever and the individual prosperity of her citizens is most satisfactory. If to day's celebration be ouly a celebration of the freedom dating from the fall of the Bastille all nations can rejoice with her, but if it is, as unfortunately it has been of Ltte, the celebratiou of a despotic Par liamentary majority, the gravest fe;ir.i must be felt for a continuance of oetiled government vi France. Thk by -election for the Southern district of the Legislative Council has resulted in the return of Mr. J. L. Stirling. The real light was between that geiitlemau and Mr. Mackie. Mr. Mi/on, the third candidate, had at no time the ghost of a chance, for although standing professedly in the interest* of the lalx>r party he was not a recognised representative. Mr. Mackie had many claims to be regarded as the popular candidate. His views, generally speaking, are distinctly liberal, and he is a persuasive speaker who during the last, campaign in thus district made a good impression on many of the audiences he addressed. Undoubtedly the position and influence of his opponent told to some extent against him. Mr. Stirling had been prominently before the public as a member of the Assembly, and this in itself was no slight advantage over an entirely new man. Moreover, the choice of the electors is well known in the district, and enjoys a. good deal of popularity, more on account of bis personal qualities, perhaps, tlian his political views, which have a marked conservative tendency. In spite of tliesj adverse influences, however, Mr. Mackie would Lave occupied a much better posi tion on the {Kill, and might even have s-.ceui od his return but for the fatal handi cap imposed upon him by his connection with the Single Tax League. Mr. Mackie's friends vigorously protested that the single tax was no part of his ]tolitical programme, but while his aban donment of an unpopular cry may have hnd an injurious effect on his reputation for consistency suspicion remained and dtftat could not be averted. The day may come when having completely eman cipated himself from all association with a vicious fad Mr. Mackie will have his ambition gratified and take his place among the people's representatives in Parliament. Meanwhile his second failure in the Southern district entphasises once more the strong hostility of the con stituencies to the revolutionary designs of the single tax fanatics. Mr. Stirling's election will reinforce the conservative interest in the Upper House, which has lately suffered some heavy and unusual blows. His iwlitical record so far is destitute of striking incidents, for although he has been acknowledged to be a man of ability he has not been conspicuous for industry in the Parliamentary arena. Admirers have spoken of him as a possible Pi-einier, but if he possesses the natural qualifications for leadership he has never taken the trouble to come to the front. Mr. Stirling's duties in the Couik il will not be exacting, and it is (<> Le hoped that he will give a good account ■ 'f himself. Tin':- promise" to Ik- a momentous week in the _ Assembly. Under any circumstances it i? curtain that there will be many questions asked to-day concerning the "ar rangement*" concluded between the South Aus tralian Railway Commissioners and the Silverton Tramway Syndicate iv reference to the carriage of goorb consigned by such of the Broken Hill mining cotnjuiQies a> have pro mised a mom>|Kily of their custom for the next eight years to that syndicate. Tiie Railway Commi^ioners Kill is the sixth order of the day, but it it not likely that th?- Ministry will manifest any sticcial unfitly to e\|>e<iit-- a renewal of the dufusj-i'in on tiie lifth clause. which evoked kj n.any hot words on Thuredav. It i> pretty genially ex pected, however, that at a* convenient peri-xl during todays fritting Mr. Holder will mo?e a direct motion of no-confidence iv the Playford administration, and, if that is done, the whole question of Barrier j>gr?>ein'.'nt*. Wlh as they affected the Gockbiini 'Government and that at present in office, will be *iiiiiU*tiv«.ly, warmly, ?nd critically discussed. It is certain that, m view of the ominous cloud* on the political horizon, the galleries will be full of expectant *• strangers-." while the benches will be crowded by inignacioua and eager legislators when the S{ieaker takes the chair this afternoon. Even if the storm duel- not break in all it* threatened violence there is sure to be a sharp shower of cutting words and a brilliant pyrotechnic dis play in the shape of oratorical thunder and ightuing. No-confidence motions- and other lees extreme means to enable adverse criticUmof the ad ministrative acts of the Government do not always appear on the notioe-paper of the Assembly, and therefore it is not invariably safe to prophesy the direction which the busi ness of the liouve is likely to take on any given <x-i-a>ion, aiui it is extremely risky to attempt \aticinali<u ?vh<>u the |iolitical atm>^- Sheiv is Mircharged «ith e!i"ctrifity, a.* i> uu oobt«ily tlie <?m at i>t\\->*nt. There t< ample scoi>e for dis< ussion hi the programme ofticiaily eet down fnr the employment of honorabU niember- this sftemimn. but it may be taken for granted that many t)u<-^tioii> will l? asked and much talk will ensue mmyrniug OTatterx «iji«)i are n<>£ :!)• uliun- d in thY dociiuieiit is?\ml liy the c!erk. Tiie fir.-t tni|Kirt.int enquii-j- tio[<J tlit-rciu follow the name of lit. Oockhtirn? and n-l:ites to the intent:< in i.f the Uowrjiment in tesj>ect to the it-ni-w.ll of the Federal Couui il Ai-t. Mr. Hague a.-kl-a four'uarrelled q>i«-^tion oncrtii ing working men** Hxiks in liarovsa. while Mr. White risks eieatint; a soatv by an ««i'ia'.!y «niiprvlirt?sive interrugal ion alxmt the City Kin? Brigade. The dirbcult tou?titutiuD?l piohlem c«nn*\\-ti>d with the iiro|K>r exen-i.<t? of t4ie invrogatix-eof men-y will tie raised by Dr. O^'kburn. and i:n!«v-- jn-sver is?iu? interveiw Mr. Cohen. wlio lias U>en carefully |j|>|wiing his fa<-ts and theories durinif the w«-.-fc, v ill d.vvte iui hour t.i a on the Commonwealth iiilL It i> not likely tliat the debate will be oon tlr.i.id this ufteruoon, as the general opiniou ?**i>i^ to t^- tluii one .^iH- ech 2i week ou tbis snivel is all tlutt the A^euibly can spai* time for j«i-r iimv. The third rewiillg of tho W<l -iii ii^lon \\\';«tt>rvorkfc liillaiul theeotisidtsration of iii> iv|i<>it of committee on the l^aud Valuer lii.Kxiiue next iv onler, and when tlu^se are di jx^.lot Sir .lohn llvmtier will have the ii; lit of ii-suming the debate concerniiig the a?:opii..n t?f tli.- Uai>i>y Valley water scheme. Much i-li?|iii ?ice and many weighty arguments an e.\j«ci«-d from tiie champion of the Baro^.-a iv-< -ixiiir, and whether tiie country iscouviuced or not Sir .Mm i< .-ure to get an attentive hi ;iriug. The m-\t item on the notic-e pajter i-> the and 1 actoiie* Mill, ?.u wliivh Mr. A^i 1= likely to U- the tir.-l AUil then oli?> that g?eat bone of contention, the Kail way Commissioners Bill. Theie aiv *ix other lines U (oie the (ii'drihof tliedayare e\h;>.ust««l, Uu tliej «ill not be readied liefore Thurwlay at the eailiest. As was intimated la.-t \v*-ek the Legislative Council will-it for Mime f.tiirhourb this after nooii m order to get tiirougii such an amount of bui-ines:- a* will ivndt-r it unnecessary to meet, on ThiMMlay. Ttie most interesting discussion will take place in the cuurse of the adjonrnml debute cv the motion tabled by the Commis sioner of Crown I>ands with regard to the federation of Australasia, aud the adoption of a diaft Cou.inonwealth Bill, in counectiou with which Mr. Gordon will be the first to omipy the attention of the Hoube, Mr. O'Loghliii will interrogate the represeutative of the Ministry as to the intention of tiie Govtn.iueiit to increase postal ■ facilities within the Unuids of the CorjXtration of Thtbarton. and Sir. Warren on the subjects of the. cost of the NeaW-bridge at Aljrebuckina aud tiie rmming of the train uiv-n the Jine iv that district An iui|>oitaiit totiou asking for a ixmgli estimate of the amouut of public debt of South Australia which the Common wealth wiii Like over stands in the uame of Mr. Baker, while if time fiermit Mr. Cottou will have something more •to say on the subjt-ct of working men's blocks. Other matters on the ucitict-- paper are the adjourned debate upon the adoption of the report of the Pastoral Cooiaii&ion;, the second reading- <?f the Arbitration Bill, aud the consideration iv committee of portious of the Pharmacy bill. To-morrow private members will have a good innings if the turn of tiie political wheel d<.>es notj'so far as this week is concerned, crush their s])ecial afternoon, with all its wealth of notices of motion and orders of the day, out of exi&tenu;*. Mr. Solomon is marked to begin the business with a renuest for a return of H> cliapters concerning tiie Piue Cit-ek railway, «iiue his colleague wauts South Australia to boycott the defence works at Altunv aud Thursday Island until Port Darwin re eeivi-s n-.ore consideration iv the same regard. Mr. McDonald suggests a n- ductii'ii of fees under the Guns aud Fire arms Act; Mr. White seeks to alter the Thi-tle and Burr Act; Mr. Solomon asks the Hou-se to aftinn that a Government official should make a periodical audit of municipal and dis trict council accounts; Mr. Cock i?an\ii>us> to have a detailed utatenteiit of the cost of the Ci\\-il Service Commtssiou; wliilt- M!r. R. Kelly, Mr. Gould, and Mr. Drooker each has a niotiou in his, name. The orders of the day 'include adjourned debate.- on motion-, sub mitted by Me-ssrs. Cu.->tiue, Scherk, liilleu, . Brooker, and Hack, together with a motiuit by Mr. Giles iv respect of a proposed railway from Port -Germein to Booleroo Oc-ntr^ and one by Mr. Gould for the cottnmucion of jUtt Croj'doti'bore. The secoud reading of a laua4 I;ill intioduced by Mi. Oillan id al*> oa tU? list. A caliltgram was received by the PontmaTW- Ck-neral (Mr. C. Todd) ou Monday from the fcecretaiy of the Eastern Extension Telem-apU Company stating that Sir Arthur Blytli Im been into the countiy for a change of air and lias just returned to London certainly better, but still very weak. The Bill for establishing a permanent com mittee to decide on the advisability of under taking new imblic works will probably be in troduced into the House of Assembly within a fortnight. While in Sydney the Premier made enquiries into the working of the Public Works Commitu-e of JS'ew South Wales, and found that it had been of the greatest service At the meeting of the Semaphore Corpora tion ou Monday evening reference was made to lighting the Semaphore-road. The Railway Comtuibsionurs wrote that they were defraying the cost of lighting a lamp nearly opposite Deninan-stre«-t. In accordance with the pro mise niude they said they would be willing to have the lamp removed to iJeiiinaii-street, and to continue to defray tho c-jst of lighting it, or if the corporation prefer that it should remain where it is they would be w-Uing to defray the cost of oue additional lamp betu-eeu Dentnau street and the Semaphore. Until, however, the que-stion is wuled by Parliament as to which route the proposed line from the Sema phore to Largs Bay Mill take they thought it woold be undesirable that the ei-ectiou of a lamp at the Military-road .should be proceeded with. This communication gave rise to dis cussion, and Councillor Brauford moved — ''That the comniissioncrb be requested to erect lamps at the corners of the intersection of Mili tary-road, Penney-street, Jagoe-street, Wool nough-road, Denman- street, and Mead-street." The Mayor remarked that the commissioners paid over £100 to the Port Corporation on account of lighting the route of the railway line through St. Vincent-street, and that at all the level crossings in Hindinarsh men were stationed to guard the line, whereas at the Semaphore nothing was done to protect the public. Councillor McKinnon suggested that a tail be erected to fence off the railway line from the road and footpath. The motion was carried; and Councillor McLt-nnan moved— "That the Railway Commissioners have shown < ulpaljle negligence in not keeping their express pi'itniVc gi\cu 10 mouths ago to erect lamps at U>t cornel's of Military-road and Demnan-street on the Semaphore-road." Councillor Bray seconded this motion, which was also carried. Councillor Bray then moved —"That the junior member be requested to obtain permis sion to introduce a Bill into Parliament com j>elling the Railway Commissioners to place lamp- at the intersections of all streets abutting urou tin: railway line.*' This pi-opoial was likewise agreed to. A 'meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Manufactures was held in the Ka£ttrn annexe ou Monday for the purpose of considering the Act now before the House of Asmnbly "for the regulation of factories ami vorlutxmiK, and for the limitation of the houis of working in shops, and for other pur pua*."' Mr. J. J. Green (president of the chamber) occupied the cliair. After a perusal of the Act, it was decided, on the motion of Mr. J. Duncan (vice- president), that a meeting of manufacturers, shopkeepers, and others who would lie affected by the passing of the Act, be caJ)«-0 at an eaily date. Tlie Port Adelaide branch of the Australian "N'alivt.v' Association met at the committee room of the local Town Hall on Monday evening, when tlie president (Mr. D. J. Gordon) occupied the cliair, there being a fair attendance. The following officers were nomi nated for the ensuing six months :—President, Mr. T. Todd ; vice-presidents, Messrs. C. R. Morrit, K. K. Headdy, and G. W. Dempster; demurer. Mr. W. H. Skinner; secretary, Mr. C. J. H. Wright; a-seii-tant secretary. Sir. J. C. Cia-v.ford; committee, Messrs. C. R. MorrU. 1- fc. Headdy, E. Oldtield, G. W. IVn<i?t<-c. If. TJioma-s E. Arthur. W. Pyne, A. H. lisunet, \V. H. Skinner, H. \V. Thomp n-n, and E. A. L). (JuudliKtrt. Frasei's automatic door-controller, of which a full descriptive a<«ount appeared in The Ad i« rt<t* r of June i<o, was exhibited at the Cham ber of Manuiacturt-ft. North-terrace, on Mon day nK-ininjr. A number of people availed theuisflves ot the opportunity ana ins]iected tl.e invention, while his Excellency the Go vernor (Lord Ksntore), who was also present, «> v uit-nted favorably upon the system. T!i?- crKinii) of the South Australian National I'ifitr A.smk iution met at the Officers* dub <v Friday evening, when there were preteiit : — Lieutenant - Colonel Madley <iv the tliaii), Major Ron-ell, Captain? l>eai>, Llipuell, anil Dryadale, Lientenanbs Fji>elbacli, H:iu k<-.andO"Logulin, and Sergeant Holl:nKw«'rtli. Th«r eecrotary read the draft I lopiiiuime for the aiiuua] matches showing t)>e ai-iangitreats for neatly £TOO in prizes, of vliicii amount £298 is provided in matches i]ku to n<ember> <>f rif.e associations outeidi- South Australia. Captain Dean, the M-tTctary oi the Council of the Australasian liiftt- Attociat ion, rcportwi ttiat the secretary of the C,Hieeii>luiid Kitie Association had v ritte«i tiiat h u-nui t'liuu that a.«^x:Li tiun would uol be able to couie to Adelaide to (i-in|x-te in the intent>ioui:il matches as tl«- (?>cal u>Ht<-lifv would wnmuwt the Fame w«*k : ISfW txiuth Wales, \ictoria. and T?? -n-.aiiia were, however, to be represented. A committee- was appointed to arrange for com petition* to enable the best possible teams to be pot togc-tlu-r to represent tk'Uth Australia in tht verj- important contest. On Friday evening the ins{*>etc>rs of schools «ntertained* Mr. Dewhirst (who Has lately re signed hi> position as senior inspector) at dinner, at Alrf. Aii-lTs, rooms. The Inspector- General (Mr. J. A. Hartley, B. A., B.Sc) oc cupied the chair, and Inspector SStanton the vice- chair, all the other inspectors being nre n-nt. Af t*r dinner the chairman proposed Air. Dtiwhirst's health, and in doing so spoke of his SO yewrs service in the department, and of the esteem he had won from aIL Throughout the service there was but oue feeling to wards their guest. Officers and teachers alike resi>ectrd liiin, and trusted tjiat in thi years of his well- earned retire ment he would have rest, health, aud liappiness. Inspector Whithaui referred to ~h\x. Dew hirst's industry and vigor, of the kindly feeling towards him everywhere ex pressed, and afked his acceptance, on behalf of the inspectors, of a life-size portrait of himself, a copy of which will also be placed in the Kdu eation Ottico. Mr. Dewhirst, in ac'knowledg' nig the kind things that had been said and tlianking them for the portrait, briefly referred to his long experience as an inspector" and con tr&sttfd; the schools of 30 years agr with those of to-day. Between I and 2 o'clock on Monday morning the uieniWrs of the household of Mr." W. B. T. Andrews, at HeiJey Beach, were aroused by seine one atteinvtiug to prise oi>en the shutters of one of the windows. Mr. \V. P. Andrews, acooiuivtnicd by liis father and auother gentle man, proceeded to interrupt the intruder, who at mice made off. They immediately gave chase over the gaiden wall and u\> the mad, but the roughness of the metal gave the would-be burglar eout-iderable advautagv aud he 6itcccedcd iv escapiug. This should serve, bow ever, as a warning to the residents iv this locality to keep their doors aud windows tmirely fastened at nights. Messrs. E. A. Pctherick 4 Co. have lately added further volumes to the " Petherick col lection of standartl and approved authors" several of uhich they are the nr«t to publish in a clie.-ij> foim, the i----i:e bt-inir designed for cir culation in theoolouicsoulyi Such iis George Meiedith".s latent iu*vel, "One of Our Cou qijei'Oi's.'* which"like all l;is works has the uu uiistakable fault of bciug liaixl to 'reaJ. Some ciitu-n liaxc i>i\miiuiieeu it diluted verbiage spun out at random, aud the curious nature of bis style is illustrated jierliap^ a.< well as it cau be in the ojjening scuttnee of the atoiy :— "A geutleman, noteworthy for a lively couu teiianct- and a waistcoat to match it, crossing London-bridge at noon ou a gusty April day was almost magically detached from his con flict with the gale by some sly strip of felipperinc&i; abounding* in that conduit of the markets, which had more or less adroitly ]>erfomied the trick upon pieeediug passengers and uon* laid this one flat amid the shuffle of feet ptaceful for the moment as the uncom -1 laining vho have gone to Sabriua beneath the tides." With an im]>erceptible change this might l>e a fragment of blank verse. It is a fair example of many attempts to express, somewhat forcibly ideas which the average writer would convey with k>s apparent effort. The story itself is uot so ta.-j- to foJlou- that it can afford to carry extra weight. "The Secret of the Priucess," by Mrs. Sutherland Edwards, is a tale of country, camp, court, convict, and cloister iifo iv Russia, and the author by her long ivsidence iv the empire of the Czar is able to give a more thau colorable air of truthfulness to the tiction. Her husband ha* long ranked as an authority on matters relating to fiussi:i, and there is no dtfiicuity in accounting for the mass of information of which Mrs. Edwards shows herself to be possessed, though some readers may consider that a novel is hardly the right medium thiuugh which to convey the in formation. " Pretty Miss Smith," the latest of Florence. Warden's, is readable and pleasantly written enough, though distinctly inferior, as indeed are almost all her later uovels, to her initial effoit, "The House ou the Marsh." The heroiue is not only very pretty but rich, though compelled as the condition oj retainiug her wealth to live in a, lonely brewery at Battersea, by means of which the money was originally made. Oue is not surprised toleam that she was driven nearly to the verge of mad ness, especially as she was the unconscious victim of an unscrupulous uncle bent on her destruction. Any one who cares for a sensa tional etory might do worse than secure " Pretty Miss Smith, 51 The last of the volumes which have reached us is Rita's "The Laird o' Cockpen," described by one critic as " the best story Rita has yet written." It is told for tl:o greater part in the form of a diary. or rather of two di&nea.; kept by the I&'vew AthoV Lindsay and Douglas Hay. , i iv? heroine* retorts on the unfaithfulness of fat.* lover by*: marriage with an old and rich lairds and learns Jo find in his ■■hhal?hli nature, simplicity, ana" tenderness, more than com pensation for Let" earlier disappointment Mr. A. D. Hunter, of Melbourne, who re presents M. Leon Richer, the patentee of a {■rocess for seasoning native woods, recently tame across to Adelaide to bring the matter tinder the notice of the Government. The great drawback with Australian timbers is, it is stated, that wiu-o aeaaoned in the usual way they not only warp and twist but "crack" su much that a large percentage goes to waste. In addition to this the hardwood especially becomes so liard that there are many purposes for which it cannot be used at aIL Peopteiu the trade, architects and contractors, have Jong held the opinion that if some artificial means could be devised for quick]}- seasoning our timbeis to avert this waste the nece.4 -i-ity of making fcuch large importations of lumber from other countries would be re moved, and valuable trees, which are now merely converted into firewood, would become of value as timber. M. Leon Rieser, a Swiss architect and woodworker, who has had aa i xteneive knowledge of the woodware business in Switzerland—having been the proprietor of large works of that character in Keuch&tel;— lias introduced into Australia, a process which has been applied with great success in many of ihe works in Switzerland and France. Timber thus treated become? closer in the grain, works better with the tools, is lighter, and is. not liable to shrink, warp, or split. It is also stated to be softer, and can be sup plied of a much better quality and at a lower rate than naturally seasoned wood. The expense of seasoning is tmallj while the loss through cracking and warping experienced in the usual methods of partial seasoning is saved, and mud) waste timber becomes valuable. It is claimed for the process that many of oar -woods will now be utilised for making butter-casks and packages and wine casks, the objectionable flavor being absolutely removed. ' Every vektige of the sap and essential oil can b? extracted, thus entirely freeing the timber from any quality that can impart taste or smell to the most delicate of products. An improvement is effected in the appearance of the grain. After treatment the timber is specially adapted for building purposes— lining, flooring, weatherboarding, joinery, furniture, parquet-flooring, turnery.general car pentry, railway carriages, shipbuilding, billiard tables, organs and pianos, wheelwrights, &c; Mr. Hunter brought the process under the notice of the Premier, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Hallway Commissionara, and the Conservator of Forests. They ex pressed a desire to see the timber treated - under this patent thoroughly tested, and hire advised him that every facility will be afforded fay them to accomplish this. Mr. Richard Honey has secured the patent rights for South Australia and intends to'erect the works at once at Port A«M?.iiip. The E.M.S. Ormuz passed Cape Borda at 9 o'clock on Monday night, and will probably - reach the anchorage between 5 and U o'clock this morning. The following passengers? have been booked here to leave Adelaide by the B.&LS.; Orizaba on Wednesday:—For London—The Rev. Geo. Williams, Mr. E. Lawrence, and Mr. W. James. For Albany—Mr. and Mrs. EL Capom. The Rev. J. C. Woods, 8.A., wiD lecture in the Unitarian schoolroom, Wakefield-street, to- night, on "Notes of travel on the Conti nent of Europe." The monthly meeting of the S.A. Cale donian Society will be held at the Geographical Rooms, Widows* Fond Build ing, Grenfell-street, to-night. Mr. Sydney Black will lecture at the Insti tute Hail, Tynte-street, Noitb Adelaide, to night, on "The forward movement.*' A collec tion will be taken tip in aid of rescue work in London. A conversazione in aid of St. John's Mission Church will be held in the Town Hall to-night under the patronage and in the presence of their Excellencies the Earl and Countess of Kintore. The programme will consist of glees and part song? by the Cathedral choir, and Mpsbts. Boothby and Sharp's operetta ent*t**wl "Dimple's Lovers." 