OUR LONDON LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, September 25,1891. There has been ranch speculation in Conser- vative circles as to what the Premier would say or do when he read of Lord Randolph Churchill's pessimistic predictions at Johannes- burg anent the future of the present Ministry. Lord Salisbury very naturally did nothing. To have noticed his friend's utterances would have been to recognise his political importance, which was the last folly the noble earl desired to commit. At length, however, an M.P. friend, more curious than discreet, forced the Prime Minister's hand by sending him a marked copy of a Cape paper containing the famous interview. The friend received back a slip of paper inscribed with the following quotation from Lord Beaconsfield's "Coningsby":— " The political grapes were sour for Mr. Rigby; a prophet of evil, he preached only mortifica- tion and repentance and despair to his late colleagues." The appointment of Sir Jas. Fergusson as Postmaster-General seems to give general satisfaction. The department itself would, perhaps, have preferred Sir Jno. Gorst, whose views on labor questions are almost Radical. Some declare the member for Chatham was actually offered the post and refused it, but I scarcely think that. The Pall Mall Gazette does not like the new postmaster. In the colonies, according to this authority, he was a failure, "drew his £7.000 or £10,000 a year as Governor and did nothing for it." Is that indeed so? Since his return to England Sir James has been busy enough in all conscience. Not content with politics, the ex-Viceroy is director of the Bank of New Zealand, the New Zealand Shipping Company, and half a dozen other big city concerns. The wonder has been how he managed to do his duty by them all. Mr. Heaton, I expect, views Sir James's appointment with mixed feelings. On the one hand an Imperial penny post now seems a certainty, but on the other the new ruler at St Martins le Grand is not likely to stand "heckling" after the manner of poor Raikes. Lord Dudley was married on Monday. You will like to hear about the wedding. Before, however, proceeding to it I must tell you how it is said the wily youth broke the news of his engagement to Miss Gurney to his mother. Kissing her, he said he should have liked to marry the loveliest woman in all England, but this could not be, as a man might not marry his mother. That being so he had offered his hand and heart to Miss Gurney. Lord Dudley's wedding will long be remem- bered by the unlucky guests invited thereto. Never in the history of Belgravia has there been bigger muddle and fiasco. The arrange- ments were simply execrable. As usual on these occasions a great crowd of curious women assembled to see what could be seen and literally stormed the church. Drory-lane pit on Boxing night was nothing to it. Even the aisles were blocked. " I really thought," said a tall massive lady, for whom a stalwart guardsman forced a passage, " I should not see my own daughter married." This was Mrs. Gurney, the bride's mother. Fortunately some police arrived with the Prince of Wales and cleared the pews near the altar. Outside, however, disorder remained rampant. A way had to be literally hewn through the crowd for the bridal party, and the little boy pages who should have held the bride's train clung frightened by the crush to Lady Edith Ward and Miss Forbes. The bride entered the church on the Duke of Bedford's arm; her lengthy white train sweeping the muddy and un- carpeted aisle. She is a tall, dark, rather Jewish-looking girl, in manner chilly and com- posed. The bridegroom seemed pale and annoyed. He inherits a fair share of both his mother's surpassing beauty and his father's gnome-like ugliness, and the effect is peculiar. The bridesmaids were all acknowledged belles, Lady Edith Ward, perhaps, bearing the palm. They wore simple but exquisitely fitting gowns of white crepe de chine, made with two rows of white lace inserted between tucks at the foot of the skirt, and finished off with a frill of crepe de chine. The sashes were of pale blue Eurah, the bouquets of lillies. The "beautiful dowager," as people have already begun to call Lady Dudley, looked as young as the bride and infinitely more beautiful. She wore her favorite pearl-grey embroidered with silver and gold. The Duke of Bedford gave Miss Gurney away. The presents number three hundred odd, of which 130 are diamond orna- ments of one sort or another. The dowager keeps the bulk of the famous Dudley family jewels for her lifetime, but she surrendered a few diamonds (about £30,000 worth) to her daughter-in-law, which have been reset. These, of course, are heirlooms. In addition Lord Dudley gives his wife a superb double riviere and coronet. The Prince of Wales sent a diamond and sapphire bracelet, and so did the Duke of Cambridge. Lady Dudley presented bride and bridegroom with travelling dressing-bags of crocodile hide, with silver and tortoise shell fittings. The Rev. David Melville, the rector of Whitby, who officiated at the Dudley wedding, was a great friend of the late earl, who when they were both young men promised the clergyman the first living of his which fell vacant. Years passed, and at length Mr. Mel- ville heard that the opulent living of Whitby was at his friend's disposal. He thereupon ad- dressed to the earl the following laconic epistle:— "Lord, remember David" (Psalm cjacxiL, 1). The earl kept his word. A card scandal in which two honorables and a brace of stockbrokers are concerned is the theme of conversation at all the clubs just now. The row arose in the card-room of—let us say the Junior Dyspeptic—after a heavy dinner at which the city men entertained the swells. A game of solo whist followed and the visi- tors won heavily. For some reason the suspicions of the two hosts became aroused and, rendered communicative with B. and S., they publicly announced them. In an instant men, chairs, table, cards, and candle became inextricably mixed up together, and the room resounded with appropriate blasphemies. When the combatants were separated one of the committee who happened to be present ordered the doors to be locked, and an informal enquiry took place. This lasted several hours, and one hears that copious cooling libations were consumed. At the close it was carried nem con. that the Hon. and the Hon. had explained (hie) complete satisfaehun—(hie) —all coDsherned—sholly good fellows—damfool —dontcherknow!! Stuart Cumberland's £1,000 wager with the Tbeosophist miracle-monger, "Colonel" Des mond, has resulted m a deplorable "fizzle." No sooner were preliminaries duly settled than Desmond withdrew. He received, he has the audacity to tell us. a precipitated communica tion from the Mahatmaeof Thibet forbidding him to demonstrate. • Mr. Cumberland would naturally like to inspect this mysterious precipi tated epistle, and so would many ethers, but the colonel may not display it. Was there ever a more childish hocus-pocus? One's mild wonder at Mrs. Besant associating herself with each charlatans becomes open-mouthed amaze ment. The dinner at the United Democratic Club on Saturday evening in honor of Miss Mabel Besant's coming of age wra a feast of reason, and resulted in a flow of souL Mr. Herbert Burrows presided, and proposed the health ftf Miss Besant, to which that young lady re sponded in "a few artless unpremeditated words." Mr. County Councillor Thornton then gave "The People," and Mrs. Besanb was put up to reply. Miss Mabel Besant is a chubby cherub faced and rather pleasant looking girl, who smokes endless cigarettes and rides a tricycle. She does not believe in Theosophy, but if her "mamma" must have a craze to go "cranky" over she would sooner it was this one than Malthusianiem. Miss Besant loves children and hopes to earn a livelihood as daily governess. My own impression is that she seems more likely to marry a Star reporter. The articles of Baron Hirsch's Jewish Colo nisation Association have just been published. Colossal is the character of the project, and never in the history of the past has a colonisa tion scheme of such magnitude been conceived or a company with such wide powers promoted. Two millions of money is to be the nominal capital, but the association is quite ready to accept donations and bequests ta further its objects. These are, mainly, to transfer mem bers of the Jewish race who are subjected to special taxes or disabilities of any kind in Europe or Asia and to settle them in North and South America. The association will not only acquire territories for colonies and pre pare them for agricultural settlement, but will build railways, harbors, fortifica tions, factories, mills, lay down telegraphs, telephones, construct bath and wash houses, synagogues and "other places of worship" and places for recreation—in fact, do everything tor the complete equipment of states and muni cipalities. It will free the downtrodden and poverty-stricken Russian .Tews and establish them in a free country, placing all the instru ments of production in their hands. As I have said, the project is colos-sal, and were it not that the men who have conceived it are among the greatest financiers and organisers in the world one would feel that the scheme was bound to break down. The greatest safeguard against such a catastrophe and the l?est (ruaran teeof success is undoubtedly the marvellous solidarity of the Jewish race. They are bound together like a universal brotherhood. It is this urity which gives one confidence in Baron Hirsch's scheme. The most prominent share holders in the company (Baron Hirsch takes VJ,<m out of 2O000) are—Lord Rotluchild, Sir I. Goldsmid. F. B. Mocatta, Ernest Cassel, Solomon Reinach, S. H. Goldschmidt, and B. L. Cohen. Mr. George Bernard Shaw has produced an odd amusing little book called "The Quin tessence of Ibsenism," which I commend to disciples of the new cult. It maintains that there exists "a discoverable and perfectly definite thesis" in the Norwegian's plays which is, if you please, " that the real slavery of to day is slavery to ideals of virtue." Our ideals, it is argued, are only the masks with which the majority of men and women have tried to hide ugly or inexorable facts which they were afraid to face. Now every mask requires a hero to tear it off, and such a hero, says G. B. Shaw, is Ibsen. The average person may pos sibly reflect that slavery to ideals of virtue is, on the whole, a very respectable sort of servi tude. Not so George Bernard Shaw. He attacks duty, the family ideal, the womanly woman, in fact the whole body of our current morality. The writing is brilliant, incisive, logical, and courageous, but it lacks convic tion. Mr. Shaw can't make to believe he believes in his theories. They are whimsical, audacious, and amusing; capital heading in fact; that's all. George Moore has, it appears, two new novels on the stocks, " Mother and Child," the story of a kitchenmaid and her illegitimate offspring, which I mentioned a week or two back, and "Vain Fortune." The latter sets forth the adventures of a young playwright, who at an opportune moment inherits a sum of money which enables him to do something worthy of his art. Messrs. Macmillan's announcements for the coming publishing season include " Beast and Man in India," by Kipling pere; ''Battles, Bivouacs, and Barracks,I'by Archibald Forbes; two aew volumes of essays by Professor Free man ; "Jerusalem," by Mrs. Oliphar.t; " The Railway Man and bid Children," by Mrs. Oliphant; " Blanche, Lady Falaiae," by J. H. Shorthouse; "Nurse Heatberdale's Story," by Mrs. Molesworth; and " Recollections of a Happy Life," by Miss Marianne North, edit«rd by her sister. Cassell's "World of Adventure" is now complete in three handsome volumes, each of which can be purchased separately. It forms one of the best selections of adventure yarns ever collated, and in the matters of printing, illustrations and general get- up shows a marked advance on the firm's earlier series. CasseUs are about to follow it with "The World of Romance," a selection from works of fiction of ail eorts edited by "Q" (Quiller Couch), and of course luxuriously illustrated. Geo. Manville Fenn's "Mahme Nousie" is a story of the Voudon, snake fetiahiam and "obscene rites." The heroine, Aube Dalau, is an octoroon whose father was killed in a revolution at Hayti. After being brought up in Paris Aube returns to her native island, where she goes through some sensational ad ventures with the negro priests of Voudon and narrowly escapes untold horrors. It is a readable story, but won't compare with Grant Allen's "The Beckoning Hand," which dealt with much the same subject. Mr. James Payn's friends declare that his forthcoming novel, "The Sizar," is the best thing he has done since "By Proxy." It deals like "The Canon's Ward " with university life, and hopeless love is the keynote of the story. Maarten Martens, the Anglo - Dutchman, whose pathetic "Old Maid's Love" is one of the few genuinely successful fictions of 1891, will contribute the principal serial to Temple Bar next year. "An Old Maid's Love" has just been added to Bentley'e favorite series. I suppose some people read that preposterous work "How to be Happy Though Married," for it ran through several editions, and the author (appropriately enough a clergyman) now proposes to instruct us in "The Business of Life. Fisher Unwin publishes this "book for every one," and also announces a work on "Names and their Meaning" by Leopold Wagner, and some more verses by the unfortu nate Amy Levy. He is also bringing out a boy's book called "Royal Youths: Stories of Princehoods, " by Aecott R. Hope, and a pretty children's tale, "The Brown Owl," by Ford Huefierand Mad ox Brown. The volume of verses by Kipling, which Methuens announce for immediate publica tion, will contain the " Barrack-room Ballads" contributed to the National Observer, " East and West," "The Flag of England," and sundry odd pieces collated from Indian news papers. Every scrap the "man of the hour" ever wrote is worth its weight in gold many times over, and is being carefully resurrected. The chief theatrical book of the pending publishing season will be Clement Scott's "Life and Reminiscences of E. Laman Blanchard," which will be issued shortly by Hutchineon. The late Mr. Blanohard possessed an encyclopaedic knowledge of all that related to the English theatre, and could talk for hours of the "stars" of the past His diaries edited and supplemented by Mr. Scott should be capital reading. Sir Algernon West promises to be the most interesting " reminiscer" of the present season. He is busy now writing the final chapters of an entertaining volume. The routine of the Inland Revenue does not of itself sound promising material to work on, bnt Sir Alger non has witnessed numerous changes and met many and various strange characters. Enter ing the Civil Service half a century ago as a temporary clerk he leaves it, or rather will leave it, as chairman of the board. "The Last Word," the so-called new comedy which the Daly Company produced at the Lyceum on Saturday evening, would in any other bands be a failure. Miss Rehan makes it a success. It is indeed all Miss Rehan. Whilst she is on the stage one gasps and giggles with amusement; when she goes off one grows bored to extinction. The plot can be told in a dozen words. Mr. Secretary Rutherell, of Washington, forbids his daughter Faith loving an indiscreet young baron attached to the Russian legation. Fortunately this youth, Boris Bonranieff, has a sister. Baroness Vera, a young widow with a pretty foreign accent, sumptuous millinery, and a thousand arts and graces. This irresistible charmer (needlets to say Miss Rehan) first befools Faith'B priggish brother Harry (who "knows all about women—from books"), and then works him up to gallantly champion his sister's cause. Finally when Harry has also been driven from borne by his father the baroness attacks the stony-hearted parent herself, and by wheedling, oo?ying, and reminiscing senti mentally, finally breaks down his reserve and wins Faith's forgiveness. The best scenes in the piece are between the baroness and the bewildered and bedazzled Harry Rutherell, excellently played by John Drew. James Lewis is amusing as a middle-aged masher. Mr. Toole was so pleased with "Ibsen's Ghost," which has had quite as big a success in the provinces as in London, that he com missioned the author to set to work at once on a three-act comedy for his winter season. Mr. Barrie did so, and the piece is now complete and will shortly be put in rehearsal. How much die delicate acting and perfect tout ensemble of the Bancrofts 1 productions of "School" had to do with the comedy's success the present revival at the Garrick shows us. Young Irving, Miss Annie Hughes, and Mr. Qarthorne simply trample the whole senti ment out of the piece. The first-named is at present not an actor at all, but a tra vesty of his father. He was so bad on Saturday that even Clement Scott (Irvine's trustiest friend) had to damn him. On the other hand young Gilbert Hare made a palpable hit. The part of the currish Krux has indeed never been better acted. Kate Rorke as Bella was nice, and your old friend EL H. Vincent did well as Dr. Sutcliffe. Of Mr. Mackintosh's Bean Farintosh the less said the better. The younger generation are won dering what we saw to rave about in "School." They think it poor stuff, and acted as it is now it certainly seems so. A sensational theatrical divorce case will, it is whispered about the dubs, occupy Mr. Justice Butt very shortly, the petitioner being Geraldine Ulmar, the Lyric prima donna, and the respondent the musical conductor, Ivan Caryll, whom she married barely three months ago. " The Clockwork Man" will be the title of the new Gilbert & Ceilier opera which is now iv rehearsal. Mr. Beerbohm Tree lias set students of " the divine William" cackling and quarrelling over his new reading of " Hamlet," which role he played for the first time on any stage in Manchester last week. The experiment was success!ul if raising a storm of discussion can be called being successful, and when "The Dancing Girl" gives out at the Hay market we shall almost certainly be dosed with Tree's melancholy Dane. r To the lengthening list of Olympic failures must be added Mr. W. G. Wills's "Royal Divorce," five acts of blank verse of deathly dullness. Its one redeeming feature was a clever impersonation of the great Napoleon by Murray Carson, an erstwhile secretary of Dr. Parker, of the City Temple. The feature of the Three Choirs Festival at Herefoid last week proved to be Dr. Hubert Parry'a "De Profundis," described by the Times musical critic as a " monumental achiuvenitnt." The compober employs voices iv 12 pirtp, and he has nut only written them "with consummate skill worthy of Bjch at his best," but has produced effects which all pre.-ent agreed were stupendous. The Atliifo-uhi says this "De Profundis" is a masterpi* cc which should make the composer's name world famous. Evidently organists and leaders of " choirs and places where they ting" will do well to scad for this belauded production. The comic song of the moment is Chevalier's "Sicha nice man, too," a ditty rather above the level of the avetage popular craze. All Chevalier's coster songs are effective at smoking concerto, &c.;, but the singer must be able to tackle the East-End accent, say "noice"for nice, " tidy " for lady, and so on. Bessie Bell wood is just now also singing a good song called "Aubrey Plantagenet."' In thi9 aha describes the delights of revelling in a (tenny novelette, and contrasts the pleasures of romance with the stern prose of reality. The monstrous bid of 5,500 guineas which Lord Marcus Beresford made for Memoir's yearling .sit-ter, La Fleche, last summer, was outdone at Doncaster, when Mr. Blundell Maple (after purchasing Common for £l.\000) gave G.OCO guineas for a yearling by St. Simon out of Plaisanterie. Better breeding it would of course be impossible to find, and as the colt looks good enough for anything be may turn out a La Fleche or Priestess rather than a Maximilian. But statistics, as we know, are not promising. Doncaster wound up as it commenced, in a blaze of MintJiine, and the meeting will lone be remembered as one of the hottest ever held lon the town moor. Al% field of a couple of dozen contested that popular scurry the Portland Plate, last year's Steward/ Cup winner Marvel (well in at 8 st 7 lb.) being backed right down to 2 to L Lord Harting ton's colors looked Uke landing easily at the distance, but the impostor Toatig, who had been futilely supported for some seven races since he last earned a bracket, now took it into bis head to go, and catching Marvel a stride or two from home won by a neck. Neither his owner (Geo. Mastennan) nor Mr. Abington had a soy. on the brute. The latter indeed backed MarveL Queen's Birthday (4 yrs., 9 st. 4 lb.) landed the odds of 85 to 40 hud on his beating Hounsditch (5 yrs., 9 bL 5 lb.) and Gonsalvo (4 yrs., 10 st) in the Doncaster Cup easily, and the victory of the Yorkshire squire (Mr. Lascelles) was of course highly popular. The Park Hill Stakes resulted in a grand set-to betwixt the three crack fillies Cereza (8 st. 13 lb.), Haute Saone (8 st 13 lb.), and Mimi (9 st 3 lb.). The latter started favorite at 5 to 4, and but for having Wednes day's race in her would probably have conceded the weight As things were Cereza just managed to outstay the other two and win by a bead, the same distance dividing Haute Saone and Mimi. A sheet would have covered all three. The richest handicap ever contested in England was brought to an issue at Leicester on Wednesday, and to-morrow (Saturday) a weight-for-age race worth £11,000 will be run for at Manchester. What a valuable property a good horse is nowadays these facts attest. It was possible, for instance, for M. Blanc with Reverend and Gouverneur to win both rich stakes, and actually land £17,000 (not to mention bets) within four days. Ten years ago a whole season of good luck would not have done this. Leicester meeting commenced on Tuesday, when the Badminton Foal Stakes, of 850 sovs., was the principal event. For this a beautiful two- year-old sister to Thebais and Clairvaux, named Adoration was started by Mr. Milner, and defeated the Brocklesby winner, Katherine IT., Bouthillier, and four others. A shade of odds (11 to 10) were laid on the daughter of Hermit and old Devotion, 8 to 1 being betted against Katherine II, and 6 to 1 Bouthillier. On Wednesday the Royal Handicap, of 6,000 eovs., attracted a dozen runners, Ampnion with no less than 10 st. 7 lb. being top weight Mr. Daly's Victorious (4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb.) was a tremendous favorite, thousands of pounds being invested on him at 2 to 1 and 7 to 4. Amphion came next in the betting at 11 to 2, 100 to 14 being laid Le Nord, 10 to 1 Reverend, 100 to 8 Unicorn, 100 to 6 Killowen, 20 to * Fitzsimon and Isolation, 33 to 1 Rusticus, and SO to 1 any other. Enniskillen made most of the running, the pace (as usual in big events at Leicester) being terrific. Nearing home the outsider Rusticus shot out, pursued by the favorite, and the pair came right away from the rest of the field, at the head of which Amphion was gallantly toiling. On the top of the hill, amidst loud shouts of "The favorite wins," Victorious made his effort, but a corresponding spurt on the part of Mr. Hamur Bass's horse carried the latter clear again. Both nnimala were bard ridden, and some 70 yards from the winning-post Rusticus crossed the other's track. It could scarcely, however, be said that he interfered with Victoricus, as ulti mately he won • comfortably by a length and a half. An objection natur- ally ensued, but was overruled. The ring win largely by the result, Joe Thompson, who had a very heavy book on the race, pocketing, 'tis said, £20,000 odd. Eusticus cost Mr. Bass 2,100 guineas as a yearling in 1886, and up to Wednesday had hardly earned hay and corn. He won a fair trial on Saturday, which caused the trainer to stand a few pounds for a place at 5 to 1 and take 1,000 to 30 once about winning. The public were on Amphion and Victorious. The former never nattered his followers' hopes, but Mr. Daly's horse might have won had Flatt come a little earlier. Victorious is now favorite for the Cesarewitch, and Rusticus is being backed for the Cambridgeshire. Saturday week was a red letter day in the annals of the cycling world. The Surrey Bicycle Club's meeting at the oval was the occasion of a huge gathering of sports from all quarters of England, and every one went home well satisfied with their day's amusement Such a smashing up of records never took place at one meeting before. In nearly every preliminary beat of the One-Mile Safety Handicap the old turf records were repeatedly broken. No sooner had one rider established a new record than a succeeding competitor swept it away. Finally, one Sharpe, a Wolver- hampton amateur, obtained premier honors by reducing the time for one mile to 2 mm. 35J sec., which is a world's re- cord. The previous best was to the credit of R. Davis, of Adelaide, he having ridden a mile in 2 mm. 37 sec Mr. Ione, of the Poly- technic, rode a quarter of a mile with a flying start in 32½ sec, two seconds under the pre- vious record. Then Mr. W. Attler reduced the " Ordinary" bicycle record for one mile by no less than six seconds, riding the distance in 2 mm. 40¼ sec., and making records also at in- termediate distances. The crowning feat of all was accomplished by J. Howard, of the famous North Road Club, who, in the 10-mile race, established fresh records from two miles upwards, completing the full distance in 28 min. 9¾ sec The enthusiasm of the spectators when this accomplishment was made known was simply tremendous, and Howard and his machine were accorded "three times three" over and over again. 