S, THE EED GHOST DANCE. (NEW YOBK WORLD, NOVEMBDB 2.) The snake dance of the Moqui Indians, the strange sun dauce of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the hostilea, and the peace dance with which some tribes of men ratify their treaties have all been described. The weird gboat dance with which the Sioux and Shoshones are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian milennium has never been deacribed, for the reason probably that it has never been witnessed by a white man. And in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped 'jere and at Rosebud, as well as further to the west and north, in Colorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man known to have eeen a ghost dauce would live to talk or write much about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the white man first set foot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. And the power to work out thiB tremendous consummation is to come from the wonderful Messiah, the Red Saviour, reported months ago to have come down from the happy hunting grounds and lighted on the top of a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana in the wild country on the borders of the National Park. That much alarm is felt by the white men hereabouts who understand the matter is shown by the gravity with which the situation is discussed. The Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living in their cabins and tepees, and punning their customary loafing and visits to the agency buildings, act as though under a spell. The Indian agents themselves, who are in the main careful and experienced men out here, look serious when asked their views of the situation. Ex-Agent Charles P. Jordan, now licensed trader at Rosebud, looked troubled when asked the attitude of Ogalalla Sioux, into which band he married, and in which he holds the rank of " White Chief." He said the Indians were his brothers and so were the whites, and he hoped forpeace. But he did not quiet the fearsof my informant, who succeeded last evening in get ting a glimpse of a ghost dance in progress at the big camp, several miles from this agency, where the most fanatical apostles of the new Messiah are said to have made their appearance. The situation at the famous Standing Rock Agency, where Sitting Bull has been endeavouring to raise a revolt on the strength of the promised aid of the New Messiah, is even more seriou* than at either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Agent M'Laughlin has indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on the general disaffection, showing the alarming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bull and Kicking Horse, the great Sioux prophet, are about equally responsible for it. They predict the arrival of the Red Men's Millennium as not later than the growth of the new grass in March, 1891. It is said that Red Cloudy the ablest and wisest of all the Sioux chiefs, revealed the plot to M'Laughlin. Sitting Bull, who has long been incapacitated by illness from active chieftainship, has regained his strength, and is ferociously desirous of a war against the " pale faces." He points to his warlike feats on the battle-field of the Little Big Horn, where. Custer and his troop were exterminated, and has formed a band of 300 avengers, mostly young bucks, whom he has worked up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of the restoration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy in the North-west. His braves rely on his-promise that all the dead Sioux will rise from their graves and that their numbers, with these reinforcements, will be amply sufficient to drive out and " wipe out" tbe white man even-were they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in this-letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Kicking Horse goes so far as to say that he has made a personal visit to the happy hunting grounds through a " hole iu the clouds," and that he there beheld untold thousands of red warriors all in war paint, armed with their lances and bows and arrows, and anointed with a mysterious oil which renders their bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to show fight. But Kicking Horse professes to believe that the white man will be so overawed by the numbers of the returning braves that they will retire without violence. Sitting Bull, who represents the irreconcilables, as Red Cloud does the " progressive" Indians, is supposed to be the chief whom the Great Spirit will commission to lead the red men to victory. In the wake of their triumphant progress the grass will grow waist-high and the prairies be thick with buffalo and antelope. The story that 8itting Bull has been under the spiritualistic influence of a " Mrs. C. Weldon, of Brooklyn," who came here to see him in 1889, and has had communication withthe Great Spirit through her, is believed to be without foundation. The ghost dance seems to be intended as a solemn notification to the Indian dead that they are now needed on earth to help the remnant of their people exterminate the whites and seize their own again. It is also a ceremonial welcome, in anticipation of the returning braves, and it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the white men, who are all to die when the Messiah makes his appearance, are mourned in advance in the dirge movement of the chant which is part of the ghost dance seems hard to surmise. But the wild strains, which my informant's half-breed instructor in these ghostly mysteries said foretold the red men'B final triumph, were, according to his description, certainly ferocious enough to satisfy the wildest sensation- lover. The camp this friendly half-breed led his white companion to spy upon is in a hollow surrounded by low bare hills. From summit to summit across the valley would perhaps be a mile. The waggons of the braves — many of them as farmers and freighters now have their horses and waggons—are corralled in the centre of the valley. A fringe of tents skirts the borders of the camp, and a score or so of painted tepees are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old squaws and bucks, who have nevergivenin to "progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs and chickens issued to these Indians by the Government for breeding purposes—for in the eye of the law most of them are farmers—have been driven into the valley also, and are lariated or cooped on the outskirts of the camp, where they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate. The atmosphere was dank and murky when, two nights ago, my half-breed friend set out for the camp. After an hour's laborious walk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. The lights of the camp fires, on which the evening meal had been cooked, were gradually allowed to die out and several old squaws could plainly be seen moving in and out among the darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of the foot of the hill on which the spies were seated in a clamp of stunted evergreens was an open space, of an acre iu extent, towards which the squaws seemed now urging, now driving the rest of the band. Around tho outer rim of this open space fires were kindled of wood that seemed to have been smudged, as there was little or no flame, only a dull red glow and a profuse pale grey smoke, which, rising from all sides at once, formed a sort of canopy over the scene, through this cloud by fits and starts the old squaws could be seen forming the warriors in rows around the eastern edge of the expanse, with the younger bucks and squaws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front row were kneeling, the Bquaws behind them sitting, and the younger bucks standing behind them. Then the old squaws retired to the western edge of the open ground, where they were screened from observation by the bush, and remained out of sight for about ten minutes. During this time the picture was wild and impressive in au unusual degree. Seen by the smouldering light of the fires built in a leng oval about forty feet infront of the line, the warriors, with their women and children behind them, knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting—just what for the half-breed on the hill didn't kbow. When a fire would burn up too bright and illuminate too clearly the solemn groups near it, a squaw would go and pull the fagots away from the coals and subdue the flames. When the old squaws returned they joined hands and kaelt down to the centre of the open. They began chanting what sounded at first like a death song, but now ani again swelled into savagely triumphant yells. The smoke only started at intervals and while the chant was going on, but while the strange scene was shut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands in a larger circle around the old squaws, began the ghostdance. Their chant was less shrill than that started by the squaws and was not so plainly heard. A portion of it seemed lamentation for their dead; then came the invocation to the dead to arise and come help their bretheren exterminate the white man. The squaws had not been observed to leave the circle they had formed, but as tbe warrior*' chant swelled into what tbe half-breed said was the invocation to the departed Sioux to oome back - to earth, the old hogs,- one by one, stole Jike shadows under the linked arms of the braves, each with a burning . •tick in her shrivelled hand, the light from which fell with grey ghaatlinew on her painted w face. This light for the first time made visible to the watchers the faces o the braves themselves, and it was now seen that they were in full war paint. THE BIG CHIEF AMD AGENT. The old women passed through the circle like a procession of spectres, each carrying a taper of grave-wax to light her unaccustomed feet over the rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their wild peformance looked like from the hill-top, and before the processionhad more than half passed through the circle the smoke grew so thick and the clouds above the valley so dense that the half-breed spy declared the immediate necessity of a return to the Agency. Enough had been Been of the ghost dance, which bad then barely begun, for report says it lasts well into the morning, and indeed till everybody connected with it is exhausted, to bring out clearly at least one significant fact. And that was that the bucks had war paint on their faces. There is talk here that the Mormons are encouraging the Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho Indians to look forward to the extermination of the soldiers, agents, and all the white men in authority—except the Mormons—when the Red Saviour comes. That strange Indians who may have come from the West, and may even claim to have been in the immediate vicinity of the new Messiah, have recently joined the Sioux at these agencies is indisputable. They are spoken of as apostles of the new religion, and it is by their advice that the Indians have gathered into camp, given up work of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing—until the Millennium comes. APOSTLES OF THU NEW CEKED. The excitement began among tbe 6 oux at the great council of the Sioux nation, held about the middle of September on Bad River, some fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak. White men were excluded from the council, just as they are from the ceremonies in the camps iu this vicinity, but a very well informed gentleman, named W. T. Tomkins, who has ridden in pursuance of his business during the past few weeks through a great deal of the Sioux country, says that this fanatical mania which seems to have laid hold of the Dakota red man is the directresult of the exhortations of the Indian emissaries from Montana, where the Messiah was said first to have been seen last spring. Who iu the East had supposed that this strange agitation about a Messiah had reached such a pitch among the Red men that emissaries were actually despatched many hundreds of miles from one tribe to another to urge them to make ready for the appearance of their " Redeemer!" ' And who has yet heard this Indian Messiah's creed? Its main article is the belief that the present surface of the North American contitent will be covered thirty feet deep by a new stratum of soil, which shall be inhabited by Indians only, and be thick with game as were the prairies before the white mancame. Beneath this new stratum the white man and his cities and his railroads and his steamboats and his civilisation shall be buried, in the twinkling of an eye, and the New World shall be as if it had never known him, or at least as it was 300 years ago. But the Indians—and here is a strange thing—shall not be whelmed in the general ruin. They will be endowed with a supernatural strength to wrestle with the difficulties of the occasion, and will squirm though the new soil until, after much labour and many fears and lamentations, the Red man shall at last'struggle out to the new surface of the new earth where they will find grass waist-high and immense herds of buffalo, antelope, and wild horses ready at hand! There is something touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the red man must pass through his purgatory—the new earth stratum. No pale face will ever be permitted to mar the serenity of these Elysian Fields, nor will the game die out or be driven away. Visions of these veritable Happv Hunting Grounds are seen in the ghost dance by the warriors, who spin around in a religious delirium until they fall in a trance. In this trance the ghoBts of the dead braves and dsparted chiefs are said to come and tell them of the new glories to crown the red man. This by some is said to give its name to the dance. GENERAL INDIAN DISTURBANCES. The outbreak of the White River Utes, who have left the reservation in Utah and gone into Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part of a general uprising preliminary to the appearance in the flesh of the Indian MesBiah. It is known that the Nez Perces near Mullen, Idaho, to the number of 400, have appeared in a band at that town and presented a formal demand that the whites leave the country,'' to which they have no title." These are the same Nez Perces who took part in the massacre of 1877\. They are dissatisfied with their reservation at La Pivia, and axe said to threaten again to overrun that vast stretch of northern Idaho known as Camas Prairie. The excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Comanches is scarcely less. Captain Trimbleton, of the Seventh Uniteid States Cavalry, Commandant at Fort Sill, is known to have declared within a few weeks that in his opinion " the greatest Indian uprising of recent tunes is certain to come soon," as " the Indians have got the idea that the Great Medicine Man is coming to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownership of the country." Captain Trimbleton is known as a man of experience and discretion. His declaration that the 5,000 Indians about Fort Sill have renounced Christianity and entered upon a series of incantations and fanatical orgies is certainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government should double the frontier garrisons is a ques tion for the Government to decide. ABE THE SIOUX BTABVPTO? The opinion in this part of Dakota is that the Sioux have been so badly treated by the Government lately that their disaffection has much to justify it. _ The settlers along the edges of the great Sioux reservation are undoubtedly alarmed. These are the facts, to which there is abundant testimony, on which it is said the Sioux make out a strong case in equity against Uncle Sam.. In June, 1SS9, the Sioux signed a treaty for the cession of a part of their reservation to the Government. They have not received one cent of the consideration due them for that cession. General Crook was with the commission that secured their signatures to the treaty; General Crook had been their conqueror, and afterwards their benefactor and friend. They knew him and believed in him, and there is no doubt that it was owing very largely to his influence that the treaty was ratified. It was General Crook who promised the Sioux that the Government would pay them in full and promptly for their lands, and that their rights should be respected. The Sioux have been repeatedly deceived by agents of the United States Government, notably when the attempt, that so nearly resulted, in 1878, in war, was made to remove them by force to the Missouri River, but they trusted Crook. Now that Crook is dead the chiefs say that his Government has failed absolutely to carry out his promises. Owing to the delay in the passage by Congress of the Indian Appropriation Bill not only the Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have been and are suffering for food. It is now October, and the supplies due in July have not yet been sent out to them. As a result they listen all the more eagerly to the emissaries who have come from that part of Montana where tbe Messiah is said to have been l seen. The idea of an approaching millennium and the extinction of the whites renders the reservation Indians all the more willing to eat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls, and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these a two agencies—Pine Ridge and Rosebud—are receiving scarcely anything at all, eren under N the reduced census* apportionment, instead of the full rations they are entitled to. All tbiB time sincc July the Government supplies cut here have been, of course, diminishing. There will soon be nothing at all on hand to feed the Indians except scantjr rations of beef. Suppose, as has been the case in the past, extra rations of beef were issued to take the place of the rations of flour, etc., for which there is now no material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indiana, especially when the mysterious apostles , from Montana and Utah have succeeded in } convincing hundreds of the Sioux that when the Messiah appears their struggle for their rights will at last be crowned with success, and the hated whites and lying Government agents will be punished as they deserve. Why should they ana their children starve in a laud of plenty ? indeed, a man officially acquainted with the Sioux for twenty-five years said to me yesterday : Broken treaties, delayed appropriations and religious frenzy have combined to make the Indians feel that the worst has come to the worst, and that even if no Messiah came they might as well die fighting, with their wives and children around them, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owes them a living and has abundant means to pay that debt were it so disposed. By the very failure to deliver them their supplies in July, when they were due, the Government has, as a last stroke of cruelty, deprived the Sioux of the. opportunity to earn money by freighting these supplies. There was nothing: to haul, so they , have been deprived not only, of their Qovertf. h ment food, but of almost their only opportunity • to make raooay enough to buy rood m here.' l a p tM a 