GENERAL BOOTH IN AUSTRALIA. AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. THE GENERAL'S ADDRESS. General Booth, on rising, was greeted with prolonged cheering. He said : Brother officers, comrades, and friends of all denominations who give us their sym pathy, and those whom it may be difficult ,ull iirus pro\ eti to me that, if 1 was not aware of the fact before that we have friends, I was labor ing under a grievous mistake ; but '.he reception that has been given to me is far greater than I could have anticipated, and must sustain 11111 m the work that has to be upheld . I take the welcome t-o lie tins ; that the army has a large number of friends who are outside our borders, and I hope their number will he in creased still more. I had, however, better make a statement before I begin to speak, and say that I am not going to speak to-night. ( Laughter.) At least, 'it any great length. I am not going to speak to tiro you. (No, no.) If yoimire "not tired, then 1 must say thai ; am. (Laughter. ) I will say, while my friends see me here, that 1 have come from the old country at a time when my friends there did not, rltiuk 1 could be spam! - at a time when J. may be required to eivi my advice on a pressing matter, at a time when the great work that has been estab lished may require my immediate atten tion, and my teliow-voi-kers may reouire my advice when a great work may have to be brought- forward in the interest - ..f the many. I refer to the great reform work, til i il I hoy. it w ill be a far Greater blessing than I have ever dreamed of. When j Jolt England some malicious people said, i h e General eas the money and is off to Avutraliu with it." I ha> re coule to Ails!;:;::;i. but I have left i in money behind. (Laughter.) It. urns thought in England when I left that I iiightFbe wanted m connection with a great scheme ; tout before leaving I set il going, and now T hope it will brum forward the heavenly work, the glorious result, that I have imped for. 1 was pleased in se' the scheme going, and when before landing a lelegraiii was handed to me 011 the boat among a lot of red- hot soldiers and religionists, thai tele- grnni told me that the work i? progressing far better than »v had am.;, ; ; ceo. and that tile tarn: colony we eslahii-.'n-b Is prosppi-iiig to the very utmost . J would liketo go down upon my knees, I would like you all to go down on your knees, aim thank God for the scheme having succeeded like than (Cheers. ,1 A great many friends view the army through, liakl-glasses from a. distance, and can onlv see the General -.villi a lot of vulgar people as Jus followers, but if they will only come a little nearer they will see a number of earnest men and women, great iu faith, strong-hearted, and full of the power of the Holy Ghost. I have ,-q length got away, and now that I am her..; it was said that 1 would come to Australia for money, but your Ge11er.1l for a. long time saw he ought to make the nip. There was a lot. of talking and writing and many delays : bur here I am. ami ! hope now that I am here that oven , greater good will come to some of you, i and bed) the army to make better use of many prc3em. ' do not say the armv has not done you good, but if there is any one here ilia-t the cap will ;l: he can pul it on. (Laughter. ) I have come hero I 'J help you all. and may we have the bless ing of the. Great Rower in our labour for the salvation of body and .Sold. I hare come to see my own people, for T love them. I love everybody, but ;ay own people most, and they are the best of all. I love those who give us their .sympathy, and 1 long to be of more good to thorn. I have -spent; 43 years of my life working for my people, and my host time is when 1 see them meeting at 'die Gross. There arc. differences ui opinion aOout my pe ode. Some think them a quest :011a die lot resume think the.iu fanatics 1 but we are not all what '.bat means. We are earnest, .and ill. who arc tilled with the hoaivulv Spirit, and v. irk in the will of Jehovah, s'nuiu ne ret; -not : but that does m,; in dicate tin. men' ui condition Unit is called ; hi til icai . Goo; does still cime don 0 j and uiovi; the work and spirit in Irby j men and holy women, us he did j '1; all the time of i'eni.eeur.t. I sr.- to aii j wit. question our actions that W" have j mr enthusiasm from lire Divine Spirit. ' I to!i liieoi u- gig i ho idossilig oi the ; Divine' spirit, so .O t» act to round - ih-.-ii: with h.ndnoess and u i always Ui . e who 3;;i ! lilted With the Spirit, and i m v. .gey I have icvwitiiir, v. .rei-ip-ree ilre-re - , . h i the. -ltd Book, and if th: v fire! dim or. j not the same i'jeu '.lire, mo-' go. ; ;i-,. j revelaii-iiis. of tha: Bo-.i: t hv,- inure abide i oy ft -r all time I vdi sr.- m 1 L . vd . j want t.o turii "the right .ode up ,.h.-y r.'.us; walk anil odd. and liven; koine, aim abroad, under the shadows of Dm ; re iuv,- nud the Holy ; fires'. Who-, wr- are called fanatic - ' ho.se who use the lurm dm not mean all i'.iey .-w.v. Vv, oi). I li i'sie st. 7. alio i-ogc we will rem. .in -id j hot in the won: imni the mob jf it g, ,,f i any 11 sc. ir. the duty of ail i - - he earnest . ; otherwise f;:c;c w ,e; eogerinw , ui I 'v. >i w m malwug our oeople goly on, I true and amiable olid beaut jful ii- the sight 01 God,, if tiie end. of tlsaf zeal is ,n m:L',.:e us i-oo eorii-. s; , loo eager, :,,, red-t-..,i : j th U M.T'i'lCb'Gl iHL lo »r<l. can fie.i olcuty I of icebergs round us. -tiiit it a d! 1 .... oasi- tiiu Cos.! ol: I a ui-'smeroi e t em . oero.!..:: c. sMjovc r.l! . ue'i ns bo wool people soy we are. But people .sometimes say i-o,i -,vo are fools, and are dia; urber.s of I lie pea.- o. 1 wordt say who are the Idols, but v. o wii! disturb the peace of had men . for why sliould we allow .anyone one m go down to hell without any effort to save bin; ' AA hv should v.e not. stop or t.rv to step them in their career ' B'hy ui.tn allow the w ife of his b.-isom, ins chik; ren, or his friend?.. : a wif. a'lov. her husband or her little one:, to go down to everlasting misery without tuknig .mv step to save them They might be sein t,u the great v. Jnte tiivone and found uii- prepareil. Tltese critics say a lot of other things th.at 1 camii 't allude to just now: they have all sorts of notions regarding us : they uo not iut.eiid to wrong us, but they do nut know the truth, and do uot know what we really are. I once read of a London minister who went into the Welsh mountains, and while out walking he got, luiu a mist, hi it he thought he saw a ghost, but being r. good man and not afraid he walked towards the spectre to ascertain what it really was. As he git nearer be found the form to be that j of a man rnaguitied iu the thick 1 atmosphere. As he drew still nearer ho took" it to be his brother, hut on a still j closer approach lie iv.is amused to find it was, after all, a reflection of himself, j People take too muck notice of vrhulthey ; see in the papers. I, "f course, except j Australian paniMg. (laughter. ) If people j will only came and investigate us. thoy will liud ill us brothers and sisters, and wil kiss us and give us a £5-uote to help on the work, (laughter.) I do iu»t aire in sonic respects whnt our peuple may ; \v 1 1 m t phhiitasiihihoria. they ukiv hnve iu their brains : their heads may be cranky .'.nd their hearts stiJl full of holy love. When »ur outside friends knovv us better they uiJI be bound to help the armv, and buuna lo love it. Some think the members of the army are next door to devils, and others think that xvg are impels ; but the Lnifh is we arc something between the two. (laughter.) 1 will admit thaL there are black sheep 111 our fold, and I will ask if there are 110 black sheep amongst other classes ; we all have our mhnmues and our crosses, but when I oay tli at about my people- they are stili flic very best that God has 011 this earth. (Cheers.) if j thought (here was a better body I would go thundering at its door foi admission. But now that I have made that confession, auy who think my body is the best should at once join the army. 1 have come to see what the army is doing in .Australia. 1 have heard and read a good deal about its work, its officers and followers : bur seeing is always better than hearing, so I thought. I would like t o come and have a look for myseir. The army makes a man work" ; its members have to save souls. Thar is their business, and when people have been saved they have to be made soldiers of, and taught how to light. The armv docs not. leave the men to themselves ; tiiev 'a-,.-: them 0111. and thev have to report wnat they arc doing. Thev liav-? to g., lorei! like the oki I'rench .soldiers and conquer, or come and be guillotined.. hope 1 nor. t hue! anyone in Australia i\iio has In be guillotined. (Laughter. riiii.se belonging to the nnuv lire,'.' in he earnest and industrious, and if thev can not catch their fish with one bait. I hey 11111- use another, idiey cannot oe fisher men ;f they do not catch fish. IVJ-dp. 1 am here ! will see what i- being done. ! have heard what is being done. h:n there is notliuig like seeing with year own eve--. \ou v- i il observe ilia: 1 lima: noeii beating about the bush, hgl I have oume 1.3:;:'. the members of the army may see, their < mineral. I: was only right that children .-mould see then- father. There has been a good deal of curiosity aroused in connec- j lion M u .1 my v isir. t net 1 eve one Ciirer- pi-iSiiig l hoauacai manager has made an <>!ier liir.jugh Commissi, nun- ('oouibe.s t.ij show mc round the eouufry. (Laughter.) -dy business i.- with ibe halratioi- Annv. ami ; '.rus: ;uy visit, may be for God's wwii, tor tits giory. andforiiie heneiit 1 1 ' fii.-ii'is 'ii'ouiid 11K1. God bless ; p.e few-uds : G si the armv. (G .-nlin ucal cheering. ) " i".-ieo r.u .l: 