"WHEN IN DOUBT." SrBvY Mn. HUNGERO?oRDl Author of" Phylli. Molly Bawn" & (Lloyds Weekly.) "., CHAPTER; II. . Here in this room the light is delight ful. And so are all the appointments. There is no pretence about it, no clinging to the skirts of those richer than our selves.; .the shadings, -ithe tints, everything 'is ' perfect. , The falling curtains that hide the room beyond are as much in uninson with the surround ings as the bizarre tables and tlie delicate porcelain jars. The stands of flowers in the windows emit the most delicate perfumes ! The scented blossoms in the ' ~faint ,vse' heredand thereu dispersed about the room give it a brilliance that the falling blinds have almost forbidden. The surroundings are full of life and joy, and sensuous delight, but the central figure of them is hardly a thing to be envied. She is .,sittinlg'in e a'w ch'air,hlier 'hands tightlyc lasped over er :knees her [ansng i rwar .`A pape-pa .Th ~tandard-lies at her feet. ,Site' is tking in\?a low tone to?€ he man opposite here who in truth-looks niiost honestly sorry for her--,s well hesmight be, seeing he :is: a'gdod .friend:' 6f hers, and that he sees her now come to her last penny. .:.: . - ?.i She is a woman difticult of description, because her charm lies totally outside and beyond lier features. It would indeed be ;impossible; to. say Where ,the charm does lie, but if put to it, one might be forgiven in suggesting that there is:some subtle be?iutyin the mouth; that, at least, is a perfect adjunct to the kindly, and half-satrical, half-merry face to which it, belongs-a face that, alas'! has ceased for a long time to be either satricalor gay. " You see I have come to the end of my tether 1" says she, leaning towards her companion. "I shall have to put my shoulder to th' wheel 'froi rthis day forward." S" It seems iniquitous !" says Mr Blount, warmly. He is a tall spare man, very young in appearance for his thirty-five years, and very, good to look at. Good ii more `senses than one integrity of a very high order is stamped upon his brow. ~Just now? his face is indicative of an honest concern that might well be called grief. " Ah,. weoll,".. ,says Mrs Dalton; " there is no use in going into' that. What I wished to see you for to-day was to show you this "-raising the paper at her feet--" and to tell• you of the resolution to which' .I have at last come." She lays a finger on a paragraph, and hands a paper to Mr Blount. " Good heavens I" says lie, when lihe has read what is pointed out to him. "You 'can't Imean thalit! you---my dear, Cecil, there must be other ways, other means to- " "Well name them," says she, with her light, sweet, smile .... Mr Blount sits silent, presumably running over the huge list of ways and means open to a woman of" refiiniiieit who have to earn.her living. This womanoif refinement helps him out of his difficulty. "?? see,"..says she, with a ghost of the old, laugh 'that used :to so endear her to her' people; there is really' noething. And it seems an easy thing, and much better surely than measuring out'ribbons by the yard."'! "' Have you finally made uIp your mind to this 7" striking. the, paragraph in the paper with a wrathful hand' _ ?_ " 'Finally !" withi'aioth?er smile, that is now bereft of'all mirth: ?';. "'You aretli braivest, woman I ever met," says Godfrey` Blount, holding'out to her his hand. " But-you should think, Cecil: We may be able to'show you another vway out of your difficulties." :' My wife and I; you ?ave no'd met Mabel yet, but----" 'I have been 'so longiig' to see her. You' know,: Godfrey, I have always thouight of youn asan ideal birothedr,'; SWell I'm not mtuch use't' you,now, am I ! Though, m' y 'dear girl, if you would rome,liome ?t?is,and st.y' nistil affairs looked. a little brighter 'for you I can't still believe but that those shares in the ' Etruscan Res'earches'"inuit look up after a 'bit-it 'wouldh' be so 'much better for yodi" ',.., ".You are the kindest fiend I hase,' says Mrs Dalton, ,with te'r in h-erecs;. an' ani yourwfit?, i am 'conviided .from all you have told me of\lierm iist be all your wufeshliould b, bu-~Ib"vantito b imndepidndhint ant this\us sucl a chance "- ;L: SBut r at goung-downin .te "'But snuch a kind m'iamas lesnseems did I shiyo ' is letteri And I shan't care at all about beingimu a-a menial liosition--that' is what they elale it. Idng ibravelthe tases thathave fdr 'home. ' o mm too mnudi of yoii tim~i : I -'wonder ,-playfull~-" your0 wife is not jealous."' , . - "Mabel! Oh nonsense, She is the. dearest, tle.u,'d eete'PI;rf~gimr?l So'ume day I must ma'ke you knowlotint6lier or sha to you. .What isthe etiqiuette--. 1 always forget ?' Anyhow wulnu you do know her,piwsll lUce er,;',Iprognos ticate so miueh' " "I; am sure I shall "-- cordiiliy. " Well, good-bye. Yoi do ...not '" anxiously--, disapprove of ..the steps$?. amtaking." ' 4 ", No," thioughtfulf. "No," ?aganh -this time with grater strength... "He if an old man, I believe,: this future paymaster of: yours, and highly: respectable." S'Not 'very old, to judg froi n1 " Old enoughi, ayw " ' saysshe,, lauhih softl. . '. Do take care of yourself." .... SJs so., No go. iIo'm glad to. have had'ii chiut Wivth ,yu about this. By-the- bye "'oholdimng his hind-2" dids you se e.that Captai;nlArkwrght has i ordered abroad? His dompany tpatritd'oi? Friday." ...... "I didn't notice it cmi the paprs.fp, o " Yes." ,' Next Friday ?" "'Yes. I think so. What an extra ordinary fellow he always ,was' !But no .harmninhim, it seemed to: me: Good bye again. You," with a half-laughing, half-appealing glance, " must not be ashamed of me, if, you should chance to mieet me in any:f your friends' houses." " Nonsense ! By the way, this Mr Singletoi to whom you are going seems. to he setting up in life anew; he wants all sorts of servants." All sorts are. easily to be supplied. I flatter myself,. h6wever, thiat he .will have a treasure in his housekeeper, !" "What spirits you have !" says Mr Blount. in aimelancholy;.tone. , Well, good-byes , Keept diem up if you can. Keep them up i" " Remember !" says Mrs Dalton, earnestly, " this is to be a secret between you ind'me. I shall of course change my name. .I shall leave suddenly, this very evening, without even letting the servants know I am going. I can trust you ?". " Of course." i To be continued. 