AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. By J. W. Hekderssx. IS was in January, and we were in Jaiitado 15Jfg. Simin. Ecutb. Tho bc-s» was beyond diseriptien, fox wa were lyingbecalmcd under a tropics! sun. The sea was a deep esp pbire blue, traneiuceht to a mysterious: depth, bo that, leaning ever the- rail, duo cc-uld see bits or giyly tinted sea-weed float ing far below tiro surface. O-Cisionaliy p. brown fisb, looking. purple through the glorify leg water.would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting tha placid depths-into i shivering silver, go scurrying r.wny into | the infinite unknown cf the great.deep. There was net a breath cf air.-The sea lay liksmoitsn glass under'tha pitiless cun, end the long undulation cf the sweli seemed like the deep pnnl.'ngs of a heat oppressed bosom. The horizon was lost in n dim gray base j that quivered with tho radiant heat, and. give everything an' sppeoranes o; melting. I The pitch in the seams of the dee’s was soft and eticky. Sammy Seurles, the seennd mate, declared that on the forecastle deck the j pitch was boiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cape of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I were taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of our health. We had been fortunato enough to secure bertha on the Afton Falls for tho voyega from New York to tho Capo and back. The ship wa3 a big, able craft of Nevis Scotia bnild, commanded by Captain Harry Bows, as fine a ssilorman ns ever handled a pig-yoke. Wa had been at Durban, and had rolled al most down to oar lower yard-arms on the big swell that always tumbles in towards that uninviting beach, and wo had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose such a pi see to Uva in. Wo bad also been under the shadow of Table Bosk, snd had come out of the bay :u one of those rushing winds that cose down (lie mountain and blown gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Down, Meredith, and I wero sitting underan awniDg spread over one eide of the quarter deck. The ship wa3 under a splendid dis play of canvas, but tho sails were simply blenching in tha sun. Tha courses wero clewed up, ia tho vain he pi that a Etray breath cf air might steal along the deck. The man at tbs wheel mapped his brow, and stared helplessly at the eompscs card. Tho ship had no steerage-way. -Tho vessel was full of groans and croaks and the clicking of hooked doors'ii3 she rolled lazily oa-the long, low swells. Sammy Sauries,tEe-eecchd mate, had gone to tho main topmast heat?, for ho declared that he had get a littlo fanairg every time she rolled. The men forward were lying about in all sorts of attitudes ex pressive of weariness and disgust. 0:w fellow climbed cut cn the j;h-fccom, went to sleep and almost fell overboard. As we c-at staring at one another, the voice of the coloured cook aroeo from the galley trolling aditi7 which he ha had picked up in ths Southern States: “ Dis hyah niggah ain’t gsvino ter die Till old Jim Crow come roun’ by-me-by, An’say* ‘Hey, niggab, yo’got tor fly high’; TJmph-nmphl Ah.'umph-cmphl” The Captsin, Fred, and I looked at one an other, and smiled. We wondered how any one oould muster up energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing wsa heard save the creaking of the ship’s timbers and tha flapping of her idle canvaE. Then the aook lifted up his voice again : • I wiah I war in Bafiiu’s Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made ob clay, An’ possoms go a skatin’ ebbery day. Hoon-te-Ioody! Ain't ds* gay ? Slidin’ down a iceberg in Baffin's Bay.’’ At that tho three of us burst into laugh' ter, and Captain Bown said: “ I believe the fellow’s right. The only thing to do on such a day is to imagine yoa are in a cold plaoe.” ' ‘‘You are jaat right,” said Fred. “I wish I were doing a cake walk around the north pole.” • Well.I don’t believe I should care mnoh about that,” said I. “The north pole is a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from.” “ That’s very true, sir,” said Peter Young, the first-mate, who had fast finished taking a eight, and was on his way below. ‘‘Did yon ever bear of the wlialing ship Yeung Pkcenix.” “No,” exclaimed Fred. “What about her?”. 1 ‘Well, sir. she’s a 333-tcn whaler that went cut about two years ago. She was as fine s vt'Ei-el as ever can led a conk, air, sad wrs Sfli.'t to he r. hr.r;: one la heat on a bowline.: ■ Well. ; aa go: ciuo::* in the ica a hundred n'.iiea or ao north tf Foist Barrow, end wss,£. craa-'.c.i in below the water- line, so that she1 sub supposed to ba sinking, and her crcw'^ abandoned her. Tbs crew escaped,- and made ihair way bank to civilised part a o£ the v/orltl,bat their ship did not oink,” “.'Whatbecame of her?” I asked. “ Well, air,5’ 6aid the mat?, with a myste rious air, ” she’s sailing those seas yet, with cut- a 'captain or without a crew.” “ How do you know ?” demanded Fred. “ She’s been sighted, sir. More than that, she’s been boarded.” ” When 2” “ How ?” we exclaimed. “Last spring a man named Leavitt, sighted a whaler standing towards shore, surroendad^fcy ice-bergs. There she was,if with her lore end main topraiis set, and r.iif - her gasr-jus't glittering with ice in the suo— light." “ How was it she hadn’t suck ?” asked Fred. ^ ‘‘ Why, bless you, sir, she wasn’t in tho water at ail. She was abent fiily feet away from it, up on tfca ice. resting there jnet as comfortable as a biby in a cradle, end just ns sale too. Leavitt boarded bar, and found everything op her decks S3 neat as if all hands had just gone ashore ior a lark. You.it eoe the ice had squeezed in .under her, and] lilted her up.” . . ' ■ ' “ And you think she’s - there yet?” I in quired. “ Just as sure as over yon live, sir. Why, the ice up there doesn’t melt all away in the fpring. It breaks up in some pieces, but mostly it just keeps growing and growing, - and I shouldn’t woacer at all iisomc cl those large bergs were hundreds of years olu. Don’t you think c-o, Captain ?” “ I think you o:e abent right, Young,” caid the captain. “ I have heard about shat whaler, butahe isn’t a marker on an arctic yarn she reminds meof.” "Something in your own experience, Gap?” I asked. ’ “ Yes.” “Then by all means let us hear it,” said Fred. “I never, knew you had been a whaler.” . • “ Yes,” said the Captain,when I was in command o! the Sealskin, I was well- known . at Upernavik, and they do esy I have been away up—— Bat that’s what I am coming to." I had been one summer knoaking about tho entrance of Baffin’s Bay, and hadn’t cone -a great deal; I was told by come E-q-jfcaaoje that a large number of right whales had been eeeri cfE the cast coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In August- we hadn’t seen a ghost cf a whale, but I pushed cn, sad when about sixty miles east ol Gael Hawk’s Bay, the welcome cry came fromtbo crow’s nest, “ ‘ Ther-r-r-e sho blows !’ “ ‘ Where away V I shouted. ‘ Two points, c££ the lee bow, eir.’ “ Well, I am not going into a whaling story. -It’a enough, to soy we got that brute, and did a big trade-in the course cf the next six weeks. Two mouths later I shaped ray course towards Spitsbergen, to go into win ter quarters there, and start north in the spring.. I had the north pale"[ever, which so often catches whalers, and I wanted to eteal a march on every one else. On October 7tb, a sail was sighted far away tc the north ward, and I wondered whether ecrae other fellow had ray idea. However, i hsd not much time to wonder, for no sooner had we sighted that sail than it began to blow from the south-south east, and in a few hears we found ourselves in a most terrific gale cl wind. “ As it was blowing my way, I scudded with tho wind ler forty-sight hours, my last observations as our noon position, giving 1st. 73deg. 4-imin. ncrlb, and long. 7deg. 37.nin, west. How far beyond that we went no man will ever know. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where wc were. The acid was intense, and great bergs loomed no in all directions, the eoa breaking against them Q1M the air with thunder, in tuemidst of this awe-inspiring scene I was astounded by hearing the cry, ‘Sail ho!’ "She was not more than three miles away. She WD3 a vessel of-very old build, with a i high-poop deck, and sho was under el! plain ! sail going iike a phantom, and ssen disap peared. I beat to the southward for ieur days, fighting against head seas and through lee, when the sun came oat, and I got sights | to dstermina par position. Whcra do you i suppose wa were ?” I “ Where !” we both asked, eagerly. I ‘‘In lat. Sides. CTcnin. north, end long, i lOdrg. -12 nin. west. How far north cf that ! we had been thus we should have taken Icue i clays to beat bask, U beyond me tc guess.” What became of the strange ship V I asked. _ “ I am aiming to that. We went into winter-quarters in Moral Bay. In the spring wc msda excursions on sledges, and cni ono ot‘‘'these .we found oar phstffcm. - -.As -we - rounded a point ouoo! ice men cried: ‘ Sail ho ! Thera she is again I’ “ And there wsa our old acquaintance, still under ail sail, but motionless. Seeing that eke was fast in the ice, I boarded her. Her rigging was sheathed in ice, and her entire appsarance W3S weird and aJf.rming. I searched high end low over her decks r.cd in her cabins, bat found no signs cf either life or death. I was just coming away from her cabin, filled with wonder and awe at the strange rencontre, when I saw, pinned to the cabin table with an old- fashioned dagger, a piece of paper, yellow with sge, containing some faint writing in a strange language. Upon going over it, on returning to my own ship, a Dutch 3ailor said it was i:i his tougus, bat oomo of the words were now cut of use. It read thus: “ Christmas, 1705 a.d. “ This day we must leave the ship. Wo have been without food, save one ptarmigan, for two days. The ship i3 frozen fast in the ice, with all her sails set, and we arc not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, whers the savages may feed ns or put ns out ol oar misery. Why did wo ever seek for health in these frozen seas? It ia—” And thora tho writing became illegible.” “ And did you yon leave tho old ship there ?" asked Fred. ~ “ No; wa burnt her. She had been career ing over tho deep long enough, freezing fast when winter came,and set loose in the spring, for 63 years. “And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in yenr experience at eea?” I asked. “ Yes, by far the strangest.” “Thai beats tha Young Pfccenixhollow,” said the first mate, going below. We were silent for a moment or two. Then Sammy Sauries came rattling down from the maintop-mast head, crying “Hera eometabiceae,” Bj 9 