Art and Artists Mr. Williiam Lynch's Private Gallery. It is sometimes said of Australia that there is as yet no room for art in it; that men are too busy hewing out the foundations of a new nation to have time to think of beauty and that their thoughts being thus taken up the appreciation of art has become blinded if not altogether destroyed. But upon investigation we find that this statement, if not altogether false, is much too general, at least for Victoria. Besides the many houses which contain a few good pictures there are not a few private collections which might justly be termed galleries on account of their extent. One of the most valuable of these collections is that of Mr. William Lynch, the well-known Melbourne solicitor. Mr. Lynch's collection contains a large number of pictures signed by names of world-wide fame. One of these is a St. Sebastian, by Domenichino, darkened with age, but marked with the excellences commended by Annibale in opposition to the crowd of enemies who finally pursued Domenichino to his death in 1641. A small sketch of a Dancing Girl, with tambourine, by Murillo, is interesting, in spite of the fact that owing to some peculiarity in the pigments used the flesh tints have faded to a ghost-like hue, with the exception of the lips, which are an exquisite carmine, while the rest of the picture is uninjured, though perhaps a little darker than when it left the master's hand. Another ancient picture is a landscape with cattle, by Cuyp. Albert Cuyp (Dordrecht, 1620-1691) is considered to rival Claude in atmospheric effects. He was a land scape, animal and marine painter. Jacob Gerritsz Cuyp (Jan Gerritsen) Dordrecht 1575-1619, a portrait and animal painter of the Dutch School, belonged to that group of masters—Ravesteyn, Hals, Bramer—who led Dutch art to its culmination in Rembrandt (Ley den, 1607-1669), and Mr. Lynch's picture is probably by him. A landscape with sheep is by Pieter Molyn, surnamed "11 Cavaliere Tempesta," because of his penchant for painting shipwrecks and storms. His father, Pieter Molyn, was also a painter. Tempesta was born in Haarlem in 1687 and died at Milan in 1701, after a life of irregularities and moral storms, as great as any he over put on canvas. Works by Tempesta are to be found in all the great European gallories, in- cluding the Uffizi, Florence. The last old picture to notice just now is a landscape and figures by Delude- berg, a Dutchman, not of cyclopaedic fame. It must be confossod that pictures of more modern date than those already montioned as more pleasing to modern eyes, as, for instance, to take those of the Norwich school, which is well represented in Mr, Lynch's gallery. John (Old) Gromo (1769-1821), founder of the school, is represented by a beautiful moonlight scene, a broad reach of river with waters like molten silver, and perfect verisimilitude in the shadows, which are deep without opacity. Vincent, of that school, is represented by an exquisite little picture, " The Bathers," who are enjoying themselves in the waters of the Thames under summer afternoon light. But James Stark is most numerously repre- sented of the Norwich men, by amongst others, "A Gipsy Camp," on tho edge of a wild and rooky moon a Welsh scene, a bridge on rough stone piers over a clear stream, wherein an angler is just about to cast a fly, and several beautiful English landscapes. Then we have examples by John Constable, 'the painter of wind and rain," someone has called him; " Dedham Look," with its torrent of water running as if it would rush over the frame, the pollard oaks bonding in the breeze, and the moving, living sky, show us the mean- ing of "force and truth " in art. " A Scene in Kent," a cornfield under a stormy sky, is another beautiful canvas by this great master, who has not many followers in those degenerate days. Another great Englishman, W. Clarkson Stanfield (1798-1867), though his genius was not first recognised by his countrymen, is scon lioro lira "View on an Italian River,' which may be commended to the notice of all students perspective, The great Turner, whose apostle Ruskin has preached him throughout the nations, is also represented by a classic scene in his earlier manner, warm and luminous in atmosphere; by "The Bridge over Tyne," in cool morning light; by the " Bridge over Seine," engraved for Rogers' "Rivers of France," and a View of Lancaster Tower," all of which are in better preservation than the Turner which adorns our National Gallery. There is also a small sketch in Turner's later manner instructive as an ex- ample of the aberrations to which genius liable. Thomas Creswick, that most English of artists, is seeb in two small landscape sketches for illustration, and a most delightful picture, " The Stepping Stones." In a small picture of a " Bull and Cow," the great Gains- borough shows what he might have done as a mighty animal painter had he not devoted himself to idealising court beauties. The original sketch for a corner of "The Village Festival," by Sir David Wilkie, R A contains four figures, the jovial landlord of the village inn in a red waistcoat, and three countrymen in various stages of exhilaration. The races are left unfinished, but the whole is full of vigour. " Force and truth " must have been Wilkin's watch-words also. Wind against Tide—a heavy storm- driven sky and tnick sea of a deep green tint, the waters of the English Channel in stormy weather bears the honoured designation of Sir A, W. Callcott R.A, (1779-l844). James Ward ' (1760-1859), the animal painter, who was so ambitious ; that he sought to rival the work of the celebrated Dutch animals painter, Paul Potter—not unsuccessfully it is said—is represented by a small sketch, The Mill Horse, wherein there is much real power, though the foreground is loft unfinished. His brother-in-law, George Morland (1708-1804) is revealed as a wonderful master of animal and rustic life, especially, in a Farmyard Scene. It is the depth of winter, and snow—most wonderfully painted, light and fleecy snow—covers the roofs and ground. As is well-known, Morland's life was so irregular that though he had every opportunity of study " himself, himself prevented;" and Mr. Lynch possesses a most interesting small canvas, The Country Family, painted evidently without proper brushes, perhaps to settle a brershop account. The drawing, though not perfectly accurate, is full of Morland's characteristic vigour, but*tho colors have been laid on in lumps. "A great modern name, Coploy-Fielding, is signed to a large picture of Edinburgh, looking across to Arthur's Seat. The colouring is rich and'luminous enough to make one ask can this he in tho land of grey skies and fogs, of which one hears so much. Richard.Wilson (1713-1782), is represented by an English landscape, and close by is a charming modern canvas by 'T. Whittle (1869), "The High Tor," Matlock, Derbyshire, where the mountain catches the evening light—the new moon is rising behind it, and stream add forest sleep in. peace at its foot. The High Tor, under another aspect, that of sunrise, is tho subject of de- lightful picture by, John Glover, R.A., who is soon at bis strongest in a large painting of a Westmoreland moor, with a flock of sheep and their shepherd and collie going home under' a lovely summer sky. " A View at Tivoli," is also by Glover, who, it may not be generally known, died in Tasmania. William Dexter, an artist of great merit, who also visited Australia some 10 years ago, and died in Sydney, is well ropresented in the gallery of Mr, Lynch, who was his pupil. A picture, painted on Mr. Angus MacMillan's run in Gippsland—An Encampment of Blacks—is interesting to Australians, but is technically of much less merit than others by the same artist ; a King Charles Spaniel with a lady's hat, veil, whip and glove, lying on rod velvet, with a wonderful blue velvet curtain for background, is not less marvellous for the rendering of the dog's expression than for the painting of the various textures,, including the animal's' hair. Th story of the. two owls in the "Arabian Nights" is the subject of another fine picture by this artist, and The Lark's Nest—a cornfield with poppies and a hawk hovering in the air would be by some regarded as his very finest production. The name of Cousins signed to one or two pictures—a girl waiting for her pitcher to fill at a spring, and a half-length of a child in white is that of another artist of merit who cam to Australia twenty or thirty years ago, and soon mys- teriously disappeared from view. A favorite project of Mr. Lynch is to hold an exhibition of all the pic- tures that have been painted in Australia by English men, but he has not yet met with anyone willing to co- operate with him in carrying out the idea. We take a very brief glance at some of the remaining beauties of this collection, but hope to have, some- thing more to say of it on a future day, for it contains matter enough for a dozen articles. From many points we view the gem of Mr. Lynch's whole collection might be held to be the portrait of Mrs. Thrale, by Hogarth ; the drawing is so vigorous, the colouring so fresh and clear with so little suggestion of " paint," the pose of the head so graceful and the face so intelligent and full of life; the eyes in particular, seem to be so alive, that it might well be set, up as a model for all our young portrait painters. A tiny canvas of a fair- haired Greek girl in blue stola, by Sir. Frederick Leigh- ton, is elegant, as must be all the work of the President the Royal Academy, and is also suggestive of one of Alma Tadema's marble interiors. An exquisite water colour by V. Chevilliard, "Dolce far Niente," repays examination, and may fitly close the present record, The subject is a village priest, enjoying an after- dinner nap. His half-burnt cigar has fallen the ground and gone out; his book, which bears a suspiciously strong resemblance to a French novel, has also fallen; he himself, under an arch of foliage, is stretched out on two chairs and his old broad-nosed brown dog is as sound asleep as him- self. The fineness of the work is simply wonderful. The foliage is indicated by. a few touches, every, brush- ful of colour put on where it should go and. not re-touched; the old dog's wrinkled skin is indicated in the same way, and all minutiae, even to the fringed ends of the priest's scarf, arc drawn with scrupulous care but without obtruding on the sentiment of the picture, which is that of repose and quiet humour. 'Linnel,. Herring, James Webb, Jules Dupre and other celebrated names, are all well represented in this gallery where there are also several Buvelots, and concerb- ing them wo hope to have something to say at an early date. 