FOREICH. At Madison, in the State of M„;„ I whioh looked about the size of «??,' 5 mi over that town, the blaziiJ f scattered iii ovory direction " TheE'rnt! \ shakon as if by an eartlinuM,,, I tants greatly alarmed. a"tl "» inl Sir ' W. Kirby-Greon, British at- I Morocco, who was charged wit ,L British factory a t C po'jirLy ; n 13 £9' C,J' announced, succeeded in effect!, ' lu'- settlement of the mXfff ment has agreed to nav L l("' £50,000. nn 'ndemnitj The widow of General Barrtmdia l„. ' papers to .be served on Mr. lil n . , sentative of the United States Toe " " suit for 1,000,000 dob, which she indemnity for the killing of her VufeT olatm for reparation is based upon tht h i Mf- Mizner, tho duly accredited rem... , of the United States, gave the order 2vt su tod m the killing of General liarrundh acting m his official capacity. 1 A desperate fight with pistols tel. J between two newspaper editors in oneeti mam thoroughfares of Columbus, Ohio Oj the combatants was fatally wounded,' .$! brother of his opponent was stiuck by f i bullet, while a bystander was shot dead several other persons wounded. The .?.! arose through articles published Ire the 1 editors m their respective papers' .Si each other and their families 1 Herr Eduard Liirssen, the famous K-,tj and proiessor at tho Berlin Academy of 3 committed sutcido on the Kaiser Wi J Bridge in Berlin hy shooting himself with volver. Herr LUrssen's body was couverj his residonco in the K.urftirstenstras«e his J being absent at tho time. M'lieu t(l J the servant at once announced the news of husbands suicide, and the unfortunate id without uttering a word, fell down dead. 1 motive for the suicide is unknown Two clergymen of the Greek Church Tcmesvar, Hungary, drove out in a sledge with a coachman and twohoru-siheot day. On their return they were pursued t, large pack of wolves, and though tho coachn drove tho terrified horses at a mad pace wolves succeeded in mounting tho siej- e fi behind, and in dragging off and killing priests. Tho coaohmnn and horses escar Noxt day two night watchmen who were on d on tho outskirts of tho city met with the » fate. A third watchman saved his life Ire cit ing a tree. There is at present a veritable epidemic! suicide at Copenhagen. Those who put as 1 to their lives are either young couples, who 111 bring to d olose an affection which is contrary! the wishes of their families, or writers or arts who kill thomsolves in despair at seeing tj works not appreciated by the public, fl melancholy poetry of the North lias a nJ tragic effect. A curious detail is that the msj rity of these unhappy persons arc Finhnden Swedes. They escape by committing suicide Danish soil, tue law of their own country, whs gives the bodies of all who tnko their own lij to the dissecting room of the medical schools. Tho spring sensation of tho Russian cip'ij will be the visit of the French fleet to C'ronitu It was talked of last autumn, and wouldj doubt, have been made tho occasion of a demi stration of friendship towards Franco, to bihn tho brilliant welcome given to Emperor m liam by the Narva festivities nnd tniiiu manoeuvres. It was put off that it might I carried through witli the greater Odst tl spring ; and it is likely that the piatonic fried ship between Russia and France will be ms more oonspiouaus by the French Kxhibitioa j Moscow (whicli is to open on the 4th of Mi unless there be a quarrel over tile tariff arrauj ments for the exhibits brought from Frsni which only escape duty in the event of then s being sold. At tne recent --i-ow-wow, or conierm between Secretary Noblo and the Sioux Indi Delegation to Washington, the names of 1 Indian speakers were American Horse, Yost Man-Afraid-of-liis-Horses, Two Strike, Hiim High Hawk, Hollow Horn Bear, anil Jlediii Bulb The IndianB were warned in advance th they must be brief. American Horse, after gallant reference to the ladies who had be admitted to the Pow-wow, protested against i closure by putting the question whether t secretary thought it was good to curtail t speech of a. man who had something ton The secretary thereupon relented, anil gave iv rein to American Horse. At another conferee with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs I parley on the Indian' side was conducte-l 1 White Ghost, Big Mono, Little No Heart, ai Mad Bear. Cities and sections in the United States an still prone to exaggerate their population, e: the superintendent of the census observes L " what was true in 1870, when Philadelphia!! New York claimed from 150,000 to200,w0ni» population than the Government cnumcra 0 wero able to discover, iB equally true to oay Numerous instnnocs of renumerations va" havo disclosed important inaccuracies are o in tho official report. In some Instances iieu rate falsification was discovered. In two c of over 100,000 inhabitants the local numeral wore found to havo fraudulently lu'r, suoh is tho teolinical term— their schedul ounningly enumerated individuaN twice by counting them hotli at their residence (( suburbs and at their offices 111 town. Minneapolis," says tho official report. extensive and olaboratc system of brought to light before the original cnuitma tion waH completed, and an invcstigati work by experts in this oflico l,rov , , enumeration to have been honojcom Tlio case of Dusen v. Emmonds, winch' course of trial at Newark, New States of America, has been settled ,olti( J the American courts, would i"" J jei t opportunity of applying ex'5 .n ' i)uscn, t' entirely new oircumatances, Mr«- IJ 5 plaintiff, a boarding house keeper. mei ;! her boarders for haviug spoken wor'1'c l3 to injure her in her business, rhostanw been uttered into a Ponograph, whicl u J havo been the publication song !l|C|, m. lulled. It is difficult to behcio t is utterance to a phonograph 01 immondJ or "li held aotionahlo, though Mr: %Th0no;raPi other person knowingly oauil"8 , . ' publish it to repeat it might well bo he 111 to pm>« Or possibly Mr. Emmonds ui'gli l0 aubs»- rosponsible for a slander whic unwil- quently handling tho machine il0a«'. tingly promulgate. In ,1.. 'rcprodti»l damaging words r could hardly bo olassified as eituc u spoken ; anil if spoken 8,on writteu lity serious in its oonsoquoncos . M 4 ,tiii does not phonographio abuse ran" » milder form of defamation! 