The Parting of the Veil. CHAPTER XIV. j'INME HAS'AN AUVENTUEE. Pirillie was rapidly recovering, and the time drow nigh when he must organise his infant faculties into some lino of action for maintenance. Hu had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a different peraon in one re- spect-ho could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features were no longer expressive of vacancy, and ¿is step was not shambling. His white forehead and finely moulded mouth and chin gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night he asked after the welfaro of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and hor pictures of the girl were st times tinged slightly with the golden hue vi affection. It may be stated, also, thac the clear-eyed island daughter, with her "is8," and "wasB," and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquried daily for binnie. One day Finnie was feeling unusually depressed-he felt that ho was becoming . a burden to tho household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear him rattle off 4 literature1 with more or less readiness. But the fact that he was a non-supporting member of the group waa painful. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, she found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish soript, and read as follows : . Dear Miss Helen,-I thought I ought to get Bomothing to do. So 1 have bor- rowed a little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him and see if he knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do.-PI:»'IE.' Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shop- ping, and had not returned, and the maid of all work knew nothing of Pinnie'e going. Sight o'clock and Mrs. Smith both came, and atilïtno Pinnie. But at half-past eight, just as they were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mrs. North stating that lMr. Pinnie' would remain there over night. At the North castle it had been a dull day. The light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on the down towr office worried Mrs. North. Being fore, warned, of course she felt that there wai no real danger. However, what may be called tho . feminine ahadow ' hung ovei her, and her mind refused to dispel th« gloom. The huge clock in the hallway had just sVruck 2, when the heavy knocker on thc heavy door soot a chill through her slight frame. By the time the man-servant wai at the door, Mrs. North was at the hea< of the old-fashioned staircase. The dooi was opened. There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in masculine raiment-at leas that was what Mrs. North suspected The large, dark eyes looked strangel; and steadily upon the doubtful lookinj Mr. Bonar, who stood for a moment with out saying a word, as if waiting direction from his mistress. And when Bonar dit spring him with a question, he did it care fully, so a« not so scare him away in casi he were a ghost. 4 An' phwat kin I do fer the likes c yerî» . Can you tell me, mister, if Mr. Nortl lives here?' ;', . ' 4 Indade, soor, an' we kin do that,' re turned tho Irishman, without offering thi desired information. On the lom piazza, or porch, near thi outer door, was a huge rustic chair. Witl a stammering word Pinnie almost tumblet into this, much to the anxiety of the man Och, mei leddy, the lahd is sick.' ' Mrs. North was by him at that moment and asked of Pinnie 4 My boy, are yoi . ill?'. - .. -, . - .. "* I have been, Mrs. North, but I ar only BO tired now?-" I walked^ from th ferry.' . . ; 4 Bonar will bringyou into the house' and, as she said this, the sudden though came into her mind, that, perhaps, thi had something to do with the threatenei burglary. But then,' ehe reflected in ai instant, 4 that was at the down towi office, and surely this youth would not b an agent in such work 1' Then she said aloud : ' You speak m; name, but I d<> not remember to havi met you, do you know me V ' Yes, I know you from the words c Miss Lamont. I came to talk with Mi North, who can tell me what to dc probably.' .Are you tho sick person of whoc Miss Lamont told us V Explanations were soon in ordei and soon the stalwart Irishman, with heart as big as a mountain, more or leas according to tho size of the mountain, pc his arm about the back of the chair, and in a moment, the young gentleman wa stretched out on one of those mammot * settees ' which used to adorn the room of our grandparents. Mrs. North brough a huge bed-spread and threw it over hine and in an incredibly short time Pinni was asleep, dreaming of a Miss Isa and Miss Wass, and paint pâlottes. At o'clock he was still sleeping, and word wa sent ovor to the cottage as we have seen. At 9 ho was awakened ; the little dirait maid gave him a cup of tea, and Buns put him to bed. And thus Pinnie ha fallen into good hands. Ten o'clock came as usual, and so di ll. Then Mrs. North was a little startle by a knock at the door. Bonar brough in a note and a package sent up by on of the trusted olerks. The note state that a 4 directors' meeting1 would kee Conrad down town until late, and aug jested that ßho retire and not sit up fo him. He also requested that the packag be placed in the muniment room, an stated that one of the old watchmen of th office was even then on the grounds t "keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, an so was Mrs. North ; and all the grea house was still. Mrs. North slept well the storing of valuables in the munimen loom being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours ef the night crep silently on, tho moon rising full an high over the long pile of brick an masonry, and peeping through the trees The faithful watchman filled and re filled his'pipe, and tramped back an forth upon that side of the house wher tho treasure waa stored. About 1 o'cloe! the ferry whistle snorted as though angr, at the latr) call, and the sound wen echoing over hill and forest. It strucl wildly upon Pinnie's unaccustomed ears as ho lightly slept in the vast bed, and h awakoned in anme slight alarm. It tool a moment for him to realise where he wa in the darkness-a darkness trimmed witl the Bilver moonlight streaming into hi room. Te heard a k«y thurst into the door, i sfctp coming softly up the stairs, a doo open and shut-and all waa still. H turned over once more to sleep-but hi eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. Ai hour after, in the heavy shadows of th trees, upon the east side of the bouse where tho low moon was citing a dari pathway of gloom from the tall chimney to the trees, a man sat on the ground calmly catching the comfort of th faithful old guard, not ten rods away He waa still peacefully smoking his pipe It was a tall, thin, cadaverous old man and we have mat him before, though noi no sepulchral cough warns us of hi Eresence. His face was not now of aahei ue. His eyes were bright and luminou -his oars keen to the unfolding of th beetlo's wing.- Every sense was alert. Ho carried nothing in his hands, bu around hi» waist was a ¿ord, and on om end nsmaSl steel grapnel In his belt i sheath knife was hidden, and à pistol both maUr a loose blouse. As the shadows-deepened the old mai rose from the ground, stepped forward t< the limit of tho shadows as silently as ! ca t and briskly as a fox. Inapocnng tins ground a moment, h< darted to a dari: recosa in the building and to a portion of the structure where n( I sleeper* were near within. A moment later and he was on the roof of th» moon i lit side-the guard being upon the other. I He softly crept along the edge of the roof I with hia feet in the huge gutters. He seemed to know his Htrength, and paused not a moment in bis. progress until beneath the largest chimney on thc build- ing. He then threw himself flatly on the steep roof, and, with the aid of tho kedge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth fluea. He knew full well that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form émergea from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old dining-room of the ancestral wing of the North home atead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread silenced by the wool on the Boles of his shoes. Creeping thus to the further end, he reaches a panel which he can only distinguish in the dark- ness by touch. Having located the place, ho restfully straightens up and peers around tho room, which apparently is of the width of the structure,having windows at both ends. He waits until his eyes enlarge to meet the darkness. The opium does its work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But he does not forget his ritual. Skill is use- less without safety. Swiftly he darte across tha room, and triea to unfasten a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely locked. Without a moment'i delay he takes from his blouse a litth brace and drill bit. In another momem he ia grinding away at the glass with i well-oiled drill of the hardest steel, anc in an astonishingly short time it i through. Ha takes from another pocke a roll of black cloth. As he unrolls it ai oiled paper ia taken off and the olotl pressed firmly against the pane of glass It sticks tightly to every part. Then thi old man inserts the drill into the hole hi has bored, presses sideways-and th glass breaks in every direction. But no a piece falls to the loor, nor ia there an; noise. The glass is wholly glued to th cloth. If driven from his work b; danger, he will plunge headlong throug this opening, but otherwise go as h came. He now returns to hia panel. Nc over ten minutes have been lost. Wit the butt end of bia sheath knife he worn a hole under the panel and pries it uj. He bends up the painted metal, but th bolt of the lock does not give way. Th old man's slender hand is inserted-an the keys are his. Now the vault is opened-both doon The burglar enters, closh.g the inner an lighter door behind him. A 4 lucifer" scratched, and a dark lantern ligbte< It is the supreme moment, to a ghoi who preys upon his fellows. And h rapid heart-beats are audible to the ol 1 man in tho silence-a silence which 1 can almost feel within those brick wall The package lies before him. Bis ham ' are upon it. What if, during this work of darknes in the mysterious night, there had been man of stout heart and herculean frau in that old dining room of the Norths ? What if this man, whose courage m¡ have been tested in the hot battle, were calmly seat himself in the dark shadow while those two visible eyeballs, awe around the room, and thus watch tl catamount cut its way silently throuj glass. And then follow them" through ire doora to a windowless vault. And suppo this witness silently follows into the thii darkness and musty air, and feels th there were two entombed-whence b one could come forth alive. And finally,.what if that desperate o cat lights his candle lantern, seizes tl treasure, tums quickly around, and fin himself face to face, not with a giant, b with Pinnie? _ Ye gods, but what a scene 1 The old man cried aloud, stepped ba a pace or two, dropped the package ai trembled from head to foot-a cold pi spiration covering hia body. ' The ghost,' he murmured. Hia ruddy face was white with fear, *» the ashen hue crept over and upoc it. T effect of the drug waa overcome by ff and a hollow cough filled the vault. It waa all in a moment. Before t startled face of the youth had evinced 1 wonder, with paled lips at that phant< before him, quick as the flash of lie from his knife, the old devil leaped to ] victim, and, flesh or spirit, grasped t yielding form by the throat and bore . to the stony floor. His knife was raia to strike ! But tho light reaohed tl face before the knife. The descendi knife swerved to the stone floor and t blade waa broken from the hasp 1 The blow had been parried by th< grape-purple eyes-and a hopeless ft which he had seen before. 'Dirt or devil?' he hissed as he loosen his hand upon the throat. But there was no arawer.-. ' Speechless ? Then, by heavens, y are spirit 1' Still the night eyes looked, calm a gentle, into his. The old wretch waa fascinated. He to hia hand from the throat and stroked t brow of the boy. ' Surely you are fl« and blood, Hubert.' But rot a word from Pinnie. The old man shook him. "Say, i you real V The lips parted and muttei something too indistinctly to be heard. 4 By heavens 1 you are real, or else t drug has played me false.' Then Buddei he changed his tone to tenderness. ' Lc here, boy, I want to know who you art what is your name ? ' 'Pinnie,' gasped the youth as if nightmare. The robber was thrilled as by an elect shock. ' See here.boy ; is your name Pinnie 'Yea.' 4 Where did you get it ? Did that co; from a Spaniard called the Tiger 1 ' .Yes.' 4 Hell and fury ! Where did you co from ? ' ' The aea.' replied the youth, a brig ness in his look. Am I dreaming, and this but the phi tom of that drug? Young man, wh have you been for 20 years ? ' ' Aft the school.' 4 Where do you live new ? ' 4 Where you saw me before.' * Well,boy,I shall not harm you, nor any one else. But don't you evor let tl Spanish devil get his hands on you, your time will be at hand ' ' Who are you ? ' asked the boy w more confidence. ' Never mind. Your name is Huben but make no changes now.' ' And you-are-11 * Stop ! Say not another word ' I it was not necessary to caution him 1 extraordinary influence of the face bef and over him and the expectation of dei had sustained tho frail boy. That moved he fell back upon the outlaw's a unconscious. The robber laid him gen upon the floor and arose. Quickly gra iag the treasure, he passed through i vault doors and passed to the firepla But in that ten seconds a terrible strug had been going on in the crime-scan breast of the man. He paused a momi and dre w deep sighs. The next step waa backward. Retracii ha re-entered tho vault, replaced l I packet-and vanished. He could not condemn his own son I shame, and perhaps to prison. 