© n t m b 0 . Cold. Fortis. Wintry. Adcock. War cloud. Rifle matches. Free education. French explosive. Big Show next week. Sunmary on Toeeday. Billiards to-day and to- morrow^ J. L. Sullivan to-morrow night. Barometer at coon to-day, 29-83. Mr. Caldwell as tbe ladies' man. Revolutionary Sir John Downer. Last right of '-'The Oounty Fair." Governor Robinson visiting England, Alderman Bullock will, stand for Mayor. New cemetery at Salisbury opened at last. Musical Ghost Illusion as puzzling M ever. Parson Rorke has had « call from Vict )ria. . Handicapping Corporation Wharf Port Adelaide. English Labour Parliament in stormy •ones. ...... Union Parliament has got an Independent Party. Astute Mr. Br':er did not oaich ibe Consul napping. Diplomatic Sir John Bray on the licensed victuallers. Concert at St. Bartholomew's Hall, Nor-, wood, to-night. Dr. Magarey had a good innings on municipal single tax. A mother in Israel mentioned tbat she had bad ten children. New song for legislators to etody "Will they come back ?" Versatile Emperor and Blood and Iron have entered into a ti ace. Literary Societies' fifth preliminary competition to-night at Ur'ey. A gold medal and £20 won't be despised X] a Permanent Force man. In 1890 there were 12,333 able-bodied pan- ; pers in London Workhouses. Council showed the better part of valour, Mr. Baker notwithstanding. Women's Franchise only an " old warming up affair." Dr. Cc3kbnrnaayB«o. W.C.T.U. will apprjacha member of Parliament as to tbe abolition of barmaids. Nominated Council of New Zealand has Wrecked the Women's Franchise Bill. Lawyer and legislator Baker looked like a Guy Fawkes in a military slouch hat. Sun rose |at 6.7 a.m:; sets at 6.47 p.m. Moon set at 0*11 a.m.; rose at 10.17 a.m. A curious fact about tbe picked shots is that for the most part they have grey or pale-blue eyes. More injustice to South Australia—Victoria casting envious eyes on one of our Presbytotiair ministers. The Independent Party slipped up both the. Ministry and Opposition at Union Parliament - last night. Mr. Ward tried to get up a row with Presi-' dent Ayers, but Sir Henry is too wily to get' embroiled. Sergeant Rollings worth, a reliable . shot, made 48 out of a possible SO. at 800 yards amidst sqi'?'ls. Port .Corporation object to compulsory employment of steampower to aid vessels negotiating Jervois Bridge. \ "The plea that women did not want the suffrage proved only the extreme ignorance of - the people who said eo." How terribly annoying to Mr. Tamkinson must be these perennial statements about bouyant State revenues. The abandonment of Selector Wilkin vm - -pi» the Fiji is the most ghastly. incident in -thewhole of the disastrous affair. Mr. Ward says it is hard to .understand tbe pronunciation of Mr. Cotton much lesa to penetrate his great intelligence. When a man is in Adelaide GaoVand biswife lives in Melbourne, he can hardly be said to be on speaking terms with her.- Aigument in favour of total abstinence. W.C.T.U. lady had been a totJ abstainer for fifty-three years and bad brought up a family of ten children. The Teutonic or Gothic language is spoken by the Dutch, Germans, Flemings, Danish, and Norwegians, and with these the English stands in close affinity. Sir John Downer said he would let every \ "fellow" do the best he could for himself.;,' When hon. members cachinnated at the co**o- -c. quialism he returned to the dignified word "man." The number of guns carried by ELM. ships on the Australian Station exclusive of thq~ AuBtralian Squadron total 87. The total tim-i': nage of the Australian Station amounts to -' 17,675 tons, tbe total horsepawer being 21,880, and the number of ships 12. The coronation of George IV. was perhaps -. the most magnificent on rccord, costing oeariy - £240,000. The enormous expense waa severely commented on in Parliament. The coronation : of William IV. and Queen Adelaide on September 8, 1831, cost £45,000; whilst £70,000 was voted for that - of Queen Victoria, which : took place on June 28, 1838. , : A blacksmith of a little town oalled Briesao,^ in the Marne et Loire Department of France,' has jnst.made a curious bet, which is aromr-yfj no end of excitement in the district.. Thtq •_ man wagers tbat lie'will cover the distMior'. between Brissac and Angers, about ten .mtlev. * in two hours and a quarter, rolling in front of him a cartwheel weighing 300 lb. According to Milton, an angel can enjoy * respectable meal, and, says a home journal^' with regard to food, a society woman ie monr than an angel. She can toy with ma^oiauudB^,', of salmon, lamb and sweets; flirt with straw- . berries all the afternoon, enjoy her tea, sod . then ait down to a late dinner. Her own BOB fresh from Eton, and with the tabid appetite of a schoolboy, cannot beat her. Dr. Gregory, in the Wttttywi MethoiCit ' Magazine, repeats a definition which was givenat a public meeting in the early days ti the ' ' temperaDoe movement by " Brother Woatmop," - a Yorkshire local pre&oher.; " Hapj,®,^ fie said, "some on ye doesn't knaw what > ; ttimylant is. Why, a stimylant is a thing s mak's ye go a bit fasler behaat (without) giein' ye ony more strength to go wi\ A nai'sfciak driven into a jackass* bide isn't like a wiep^ii .. bay in bis month. It doesn't ttren'then NoWy a hit. It nobbut etimylaict him." ' . ' FAX.—It is said that the baobob, or xaoaksf .": bread-tree, will live 6,000 yean. 8uppose yoi» get one end plant it byway of experiment.'. , Enter the date of planting in. a twppenny ^ • memorandum book, or rather, get it reooided in our imperishable columns, hand itdcwp to 1 the latest generation, and the thing is donk> The tree itself, whatever yon may be, is a beautv. Imagine a sort of vegetable Church steeple 30 ft in diameter, a* the base and only 40 ft. high, with the trunk rapidly diminishing toward the top, and then spreading out into what looks like a little forest. At the end of about the first thousand years the branches form a spherical head about 160 ft m diameter tho - centre branch rises to about 60. ft, and rest bend downward till they caoh ovBrehadow abont half an acre of ground. It is believed to be the slowest growing tree in the world,' but you know everything great and noble and durable grows slowly. There Is a boabob ia . Eew Gardens that in forty yean has attained . the height of only ft. Only fancy 11 ft 3- 