Local and General. CATHOLIC CONCERT. — We need scarcely give a reminder of the concert and draw- ing of prizes to be held at the shire hall on Monday Evening. A good programme has been arranged, and as the concert tickets presented before 9 o'clock will give a chance in the drawing there should be a good attendance. The drawing committee met at the Athenæum on Wednesday night for the purpose of making arrange- ments for conducting the drawing. Mr J. Dolphin was appointed chairman. The first question dealt with was unsold tickets and outstanding blocks. It was decided that in the event if any blocks not being returned to the secretary by Monday evening at six o'clock for registration, the tickets in those books be excluded from the drawing. This action was con- sidered necessary as the drawing could not be announced at the concert if unsold tickets were included, or it would leave a way open to fraud. The secretary stated that he would at once communicate this resolution to all agents selling books. The mode of drawing was next con- sidered. It was decided that 1000 gun wads should be numbered and placed in a ballot box, the number to be checked, the box sealed, and then handed to the chairman, Mr Dolphin. In a bag will be placed the prize numbers enclosed in blank sealed envelope, certified to and seaked and also handed to the chairman. The seals of the ballot box and bag will be broken on the state at the drawing. A list of the numbers of unsold tickets will be made out and certified to by the com- mittee. The numbers will be drawn from the ballot box by a child who will be chosen from the audience whilst another child will draw the prize envelopes from the bag. As the numbers are drawn they will be written on the envelope with blue pencil and handed to the chairman. At the conclusion the chairman will open the envelopes and read out the prizes falling to the numbers inscribed thereon. Messrs Hattersley and Hocking were appointed a committee to check the numbers for drawing, to seal the ballot box and prize bag, and to hand same to the chair- man. The drawing committee are Messrs Dolphin, Hancock, Dunstan, Hattersley, and Hocking. After the concert a ball will be held, when there will be a waltz- ing contest. ILLNESS. — We regret to learn that Mr James Moye, of Osborne's Flat is seriously ill with an affection of the lungs. He attended Mr Calder's sale at Yackandam- dah last week, and a day or two after he was compelled to take to his bed. He is being attended to by both Dr and H. Mueller. CRICKET. — A match will be played at Tallangatta to-day (Saturday), between the Sandy Greek and local clubs. FIRE.— The residents of Yackandadah were again startled on Friday evening, the 21st instant by the cries of "Fire," the back premises of Mr M. Sylvan's wheel- wright establishment being in flames. Fortunately there was prompt assistance at hand, Mr. Anderson, Mr Mat Clune and several others working in a most com- mendable manner, and the fire was soon extinguished. How the fire was got under is surprising, as the ceiling of one room was totally consumed, and the ceiling and walls of two other rooms partially so. The bedding and mattrass (sic) of the small bedroom were also consumed. The origin of the fire is not known, and Mr Sylvan was not in the house when it caught. Had the fire not been extinguished nothing could have saved Mrs Blair's premises on one side and Mr Ferris' and Mr Priestley;s on the other, whilst Mr Hedley's residence and the outbuildings in Mr Nette's yard would have been in danger. RIFLE CLUB.— A meeting of the old Yack- andandah Rifle Club was held at the Star Hotel on Saturday evening last. There were present Mr Mongan (president, in the chair), and Messrs Molyneux, Dolphin, A. Jessop, Smart, Clausen, Fedderson, Moore, Dickson, and W. Calder. The business for which the meeting was called was winding up the affairs of the old club and dealing with the balance lying to the credit of the club at the Bank of Victoria. Mr Smart claimed £5 which was donated by him to the old club on condition that it be used for paying a marker to enable young men to practice in the early morning, The conditions, he contended, had not been complied with. If he got the money he would not keep it, but he felt annoyed that the object for which it had been given had not been achieved. Messrs Molyneux and other members urged that the money was given unconditionally, when the mem- bers were being sworn in. Mr Molyneux moved that the balance £9 15s. 6d. be handed over to the new club, on condition they discharge outstanding accounts. It was seconded by Mr Calder. Mr Dolphin moved as an amendment that £5 be returned to Mr Smart and the balance given to the new club ; seconded by Mr Jessop. The amendment was lost and the motion carried. Messrs Dolphin and Molyneux were appointed to sign the cheque, and the meeting then closed. Subsequently the new club met at the the secretary's office, when a general meet- ing of members was held. The secretary produced a balance sheet, which showed a credit balance of L4 9s ; and with the L9 15s 6d received from the old club would give a total of L14 4s. Several accounts, including McLean Bros, and Rigg, for target, were next passed for payment. The secretary Mr Baass, then handed in his resignation, as he was leaving the district, and which was accepted with regret. Those present not being willing to accept the secretaryship, it was resolved that the captain be appointed acting secretary for three months. Three members having been ballotted for, and admitted to the club, and Mr Worsley having been proposed as a member, the meeting closed. FIRE BRIGAGE.— A public meeting will be held at the Athenæum on Wednesday evening next, at 8 o'clock, for the purpose of taking initiatory steps for the formation of a fire brigade. We believe that it is proposed to hold sports on Queen's Birthday for the purpose of raising funds, and it is probable the ladies will be asked to assist with a bazaar for the evening. CRICKET.— The return match between the Hillsborough and Myrtleford Cricket Clubs will be played on the Hillsborough cricket ground on Saturday, April 4th. The Hillsborough team will be chosen from the following : — Finnie, Rudolph, Wilber- force (3), Crawford (2), Bigelow, Stone, Clingin, Folster, McGowan, Priestly and Refshauge. SPORTING — The match for L10 aside, one mile and a distance, 11st 4lb up, between W. Blewett's Never Mind Me and J. O'Callaghan's Lancer was won by Never Mind Me in a canter. A hack race also took place the same day on the Mudgegonga racecourse between four local horses re- sulting as follows : — Mr W. O'Callaghan's Elsie, 1 : Mr J. Woodside's Connor, 2 ; Mr R. Hill's Gaslight, 3 ; Mr T. Evan's The Ghost being last. PEACHES. — We have been shown a splendid sample of peaches grown by Mr. W. R. Riddington, of the Sydenham vine- yard. They were of the Lady Palmerston variety and must weigh fully half a pound each. EASTER SUNDAY.— To-morrow being Easter Sunday special services will be held at the Church of England morning and evening, and the choir, having been practising for the occasion for the last few weeks, will render anthems and other music suitable to the occasion. REMOVAL.— We are sorry to learn that we are about to lose the Rev. J. Tredinnick, who has been transferred to Blackwood Forest by the Conference recently held. The rev. gentleman has had charge of this circuit for three years, and during that time he has proved a most energetic and zealous minister. Not only has he worked hard in connection witb the church with successful results, but he has been a most enthusiastic worker in the cause of tem- perance, and by his removal the local Band of Hope will lose its right-hand sup- porter. As a clergyman, Mr Tredinnick has been esteemed by all creeds in the dis- trict, for he has been ever ready to give assistance to any denomination and to any movement for the promotion of Christian- ity. Mr Tredinnick's successor will be the Rev. Ferber, of Heathcote. Mr Tredinnick leaves the third week in April. WODONGA FIRE.— At an enquiry held at Wodonga on Saturday before Mr Rowan, the coroner, into the origin of the fire which caused the destruction of the premises belonging to the Building Society a verdict was returned that there was no evidence to show how it occurred. EASTER.— The Easter holidays are upon us, but as far as the town is concerned there is nothing of stirring character. The attraction of Easter Monday will be a picnic in the Recreation Reserve which is under the auspices of the local Band of Hope. We believe that arrangements are being made for a day of thorough enjoy- ment, and as the local brass band will be present, whilst there will be no lack of sports, we have no doubt but that the expectations of the members will be fully realised. IMPORTANT TO SCHOOL TEACHERS.— Many State school teachers have been in the habit of forming what are called "special classes" for the purpose of im- parting instruction in subjects of ex- amination for scholarships, and of charging a fee for admission to these classes. A circular letter has been issued from the department, drawing the attention of teachers to the fact that as the subjects in which pupils are examined scholarships are included in the list of free subjects mentioned in the third schedule of the Education Act, the practice of requiring payment for instruction therein is a dis- tinct violation of the Act. Teachers are therefore informed that the practice must be discontinued at once. Mr. H. M. Stanley will visit Australia with his wife at the end of the year on a prolonged lecturing tour. HURDLE FLAT.— At a late hour on Tuesday night a fire broke out at Kelly, Yule and Co's sawmill, Hurdle Flat, resulting in the destruction of the black- smith's shop. The origin of the fire is not known, but it is supposed that one of the men who left about 11 o'clock did not extinguish the fire in the forge. The extent of the damage done is estimated at £20. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.— A farmer named Wm. Ryan, residing on the Indigo Creek, attempted to commit suicide on Tuesday evening by cutting his throat with a razor. Dr. Harkin found that the jugular vein was unharmed, and succeeded in stitching up the wound. Although the patient has lost a considerable quantity of blood, there is good hope of his re- covery. KIEWA. — The programme of the Kiewa Raing (sic) Club is published in another column. Entries for the handicap close this (Saturday) evening, and night of general entry is April 9th. At the Tallangatta Police Court on Thursday, 19th March, George Willis, teamster, was charged with fraudulently disposing of 12 working bullocks over which Messrs Thwaites and Co., com- mission agents, of Tallangatta. held a stock mortage. The accused was com- mitted for trial at the Wangaratta sessions on April 23. At the last meeting of the Towong Shire Council attention was drawn to the alarm- ing spread of the Bathurst burr throughout the municipality despite the official notifications that the penal clauses of the Thistle Act would be enforced against delinquents, and the desirability of ap- pointing an inspector was considered. It was decided to ask the district superinten- dent of police if the constables holding appointments under the council would be allowed to act as inspectors under the Thistle Act, and if the permission is given the officers will be authorised to take proceedings forthwith. John Wilson was executed at 10 o'clock on Monday morning, at the Melbourne Gaol, for the murder of the girl Stella Marks, at Clifton Hill, on the evening of the 25th of January last. The condemned man had given the utmost attention to the exhortations of the Rev. Ralph Brown, who attended him after his condemnation, and declared that he could meet his death without any fear. Prior to the execution, when the customary proceedings had been observed, the prisoner was asked by the sheriff, Mr Anderson, whether he had anything to say before his sentence was carried out. Wilson made a statement to the effect that he believed he had killed Stella Marks, and was very sorry for it, but he asserted that the deed was not wil- fully or knowingly committed. He made this statement in the sight of God, who knew all. In Him he placed all his trust everlastingly. His death was instantaneous. The death under very shocking circum- stances of an old and valued servant of the railway department took place on Saturday. Mr W. A. Moore, traffic superintendent for the railways running out of Prince's-bridge station, was accident- ally killed at about 5 o'clock in the after- noon when engaged in regulating the race traffic at the Caulfield station. He had seen several trains off, and had just given orders for another train to be brought up to the platform, when he was seen to suddenly turn round with his back to the permanent way, call out as if in pain three times, and fall (sic) over on to the rails. There was no time to rescue him from this dangerous position, and the engine-driver only succeeded in stopping the train when two wheels of the tender had passed over the deceased. Mr Moore was at once taken to town via Prince's- bridge, but he died before arriving at the station. The Wandiligong and Bright District Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Show was held at Bright on Friday and Suturday last. The weather was all that could be wished, but the attendance on the first day was small, though on Saturday it was a good deal above the average of ordinary years. This is attributable, no doubt, to the fact of the railway being opened to Bright. In the horticultural classes Mr H. Taylor took a great many prizes, his collection of apples being worthy of special note, and in vegetables. Mr W. H. Kaighin took the principal prizes. A Pelton waterwheel, exhibited by Dr. Richardson, of Footscray, attracted a good deal of attention from miners and mine owners in the district. In the horse section, the competition for the different prizes was very keen, and brought forward some first-class animals. Fourteen horses competed for the trotting trophy, and in the hunting, high jump, weight-carrying and ladies' hacks, there were numerous en- tries. During the hunters trial a slight accident happened to one of the riders being thrown, but his injuries were not at all serious. The long spell of dry weather experienced lately had a baneful effect upon some sections of agricultural produce, and reduced the competition in them. The name of Mr David Munro is so intimately connected with the agricultural and big contracting interests of this colony that no little. surprise would be expressed if it were to disappear from the category of " engineering firms." It was Mr Munro who established the once great engineering works of David Munro and Co. Limited, from which he retired some time since ; and it is satisfactory to know that he is again installed, as .Manager, on the very premises— 302 Queen Street, Mel- bourne, known as Monro's Engineering Works where he laid the foundation of the Company referred to. An advertise- ment respecting the business appears in this journal, from which it will be seen that every description of machinery is for sale or hire at the works. It is also announced that the firm are buyers of all classes of engines and machinery, and act as consult- ing engineers and valuators. Arrange- ments have been made for conducting business upon a large scale, and Mr. Munro's recognised ability and energy of character furnish assurance that under his able management the Queen Street Works will be rapidly pushed forward into the front rank of establishments of its class. 