A Fatality in Latin. ' Such a bright girl,' everybody said when 6he ' griduated in convtn'ional white and read a sparkling , essav, which was loudly applauded. ; There were heaps of beautiful flowers, and Laura - Charters carried them all off the stage, tributes to her j beauty tntl social position. ' 1 must ask her to ting at our concert,' i aid Mrs. I Smith, of- the Saving Ark Society : ' she can sell | more tickets than any of the other girls. She is so | charming! ' ' Dear Laura, how we all love her,' said her teacher ; ' ' she has a bright future before her.' | ' Say of no man that hs is bappy until he is dead.' '? applies to a woman as well. The young girl who had j such a bright future gave a year of her life to social i pursuits, and was received everj-where with welcoming ] words, and to have even predicted then that she might some day need a friend would have sounded like an absurdity. But the cloud no larger than a man's hand was in her sky, and soon it covered the horizon and shut out light and hope. It did not have any ulver lining, unless it was on that bide turned heavenward, which showed no edge. First her mother died. This seemed such a calamity to a happy family, that it Bbut out the Kun and dimmed all the home atmosphere with tears. But the father, with bis true heart and t-talwart arm, was still lefr, and when the year* of mourning had expired, they took heart of hope again, and begau to tmile in recognition of life's gladness Hnd the sy mpathy of friends. It was a ehort surcease of surro*-. The father, « ho had borne up bravely, went suddenly lroiu them, and with his going went all that made life desirable. Laura ;md her sister had nothing when the estate was settled. Some distant i datives took the little sister, but they said lhat Laura could woik — that her parents had given her a good education, and now she could show her mettle. They believed it would be a good thing for her to work, much better than going to parties, or gadding abcut paying visits Laura made no complaint. She accepted the dictum of her friends and tried to get vi ork. She did what the majority of women do— went out to find work with only her necessities to plead for her. She could do a little of almost anything, but not one driinitc practical thing thoroughly. She had not bten trained in any practical school. ' However, she taught music and found sonic casual employment, acd earned enough to pay for a small room in a big house, and one good woman gave her a break fast for the sake of the father and mother she had known in their prosperous days Laura went about with a smile on her lip?, and a look of fragility that male other girls envy her. It is the fashion to be Blind enough to break in two, and to have a sea-i-hell pink on the cheek, and to wear scant cloth ing. Hew was scant enough, goodness knows. It would hardly have clothed a ghost. ?' Isn't Laura Charters lovely ? I wonder how she is getting along ':' said one of her mother's friends. '? She i?eems to be all right. 1 must have her up to t-pend the day.' mu iludl j. it i& itsiuiy uouit; oi iier lo go to work as shq has done. She must matte a good living, for she alwaja dresses wtll, und she is such a sweet Bin.' '? I h re's that Laura Charters '. She munt liuve a gi.od salary lo Us able to live with the lirowns. fcht's awfully stylish, toi.' Meanwhile the 'awfully slylith tfirl ' was plodding horup to her little rented room with it pain in her .side, hot hands, and cold, wet feet. Lint the smile \va.A -n tur lips— sweeter, but a little mure wistful than before. * * ? * There was a fluttering oFtbeinnm ing paper at a number ot bre^kfairt tHbles when Ltiura Charters'* &-une who read in its columns- among the deaths .' It waa eo 8'dden, her friend' snid, and then they fell to wondering- what i;-iu*ed it. Inside of a week, too, uud in ihe pubic wards of a city hospital. Dread ful ! Such a sweet girl, ifcc. They all went to t-es h^r, and *.vhen it was too lale took Lcr Lome, and busied theoii-elves with kind oflices Hoards her, aud Hgaiu loxe.y blooming flowerB were heaped about, her, ami loving words were poured into the duil cold ear of deatb. '? What caused h' r death ?' ihey asked of the solemn-looking ph-sician, who was called when it was too late. ' Marasmus,' he replied, and they all looked at each othtr and taid that they had never heard of the disease. Ii they Lad eaten only one meal a day, and that moistened with tears, il ey would pot have been ignorant of its name in plain English. But tbey gave dear Laura a lovely funeral something for which to be really grateful, if the could only have known it. We wi'.l hope she d.'d not, for the sake of ChriBlian charitv. —Mrs. M. L. KAVNii, 'n Detroit Free Press. Father Denis : ' Mrs Mulrooney, I hear -very seriou accounts of the new epidemic ; 1 trust your son has not taken it.' Wr.*. Mulrooney : 'Not he, t-ir. He wouldn't take anything: ttat didn't belong to h in. a n honesler boy never brokt* bread.' She : ' I could have married either Whipper or Snapper if I'd wanted to, and both of those men whom I retuted havu tince got rich, while jouare Blill it» poor as a church mouse.' lie : ?' Of course. 1'vebeen supporting you all iheto jears. They haven't.' Lord Kuut-fordV lust dispatch, according to the frdlect Apostolic or tho We.-,t Coast ot Newfound land, amounts to u state ment tuat the Government agrees with the islanders' interpretation of the French treaties, but can do nothing to I' ranee, being at peace with thttt country. '? lu my opinion,' says Mon.*iguuV Howley, ?' the disputi-ti gives our people nothing to hope for from linirland's protection. It only iur uislies a fresh incentive to them to take the law int'- tne.r own haod?, and I expect trouble in the spiio^. 1 repud war or rebellion a* inevitable. It is ridculous to think that in ihe?e- modern days either Eng land or 1- ranee, powertut thoug't they be, can hold any colony while they mcii iice its rights against the will of tne people, fivwa although the English und French fleets should be miititaincd in Ncwfrui.d land waters to ;:rcvuiu. trouble. When the news of the failure of the delegation reachns the people of th»- French thore, my opinion is that a ronHict n|'l LloodsLed must occur between the rival fisher men. In that case England will be compelled either to tight or retire wit'.i d shonour. So iuteu.-n is the leeiDg of our people fr mi one end of the i*l;ind to the other that this would be but one step to inde pendence. 