AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIA TION. At tl;e usual meeting of the Australian Natives' Association held in Beach's Rooms, Hindley-street, on Monday evening, Mr. J. B. JSheridan gave an address entitled ' A few words about the colonies.' Mr. J. F. Coni gvave presided over a fair attendance. The lecture consisted of a highly humorous descrip tion of the characteristics of the people in the different Australasian provinces. Mr. Sheridan said the Adelaide man waa shrewd, thrifty, and industrious ; the Mel bourne man restless, impatient, and fond of change ; and the Sydney man self-contained and liberal, but not extravagant. Tho.-se who lived in Brisbane had no pretensions, were not thrifty, but had a slight tendency to extrava gance; while those resident in Perth were of rather solitary dispositions and Jived on dreams of the future greatness of the colony. The Auclclander was gloomy, and politics were a heavy serious business with him ; while the man of Hobart was old fashioned, friendly, and sociable with his neighbors, ' and given to scandal and gossip. Commenting on South Australia Mr. Sheridan' said that, geographi cally sjieaking, the province was bounded on the north by an income tax, on the south by the single tax, on tbe east by some stolen property, and on the west by the greatest force in nature — a vacuum. It was expected that some months would pass before menof war would be seen at anchor in the placid waters of the Ton-ens. The Adelaide natives were harmless and peaceable. They were not all black ; some were not so black as they were painted. There were several painters in Adelaide, but there was one painter Adelaide would never want to cut. Adelaide possessed some knights. Adelaide nights ten months in the year were charming. They were some times apt to be cold-r-perbaps because of the title and wearing big boots. With a view to ceniralisation the Adelaide man had placed his Lunatic Asylum at one end of North-terrace, his Parliament House at the other, and the Destitute Asylum in the middle. A few Ade laide men had a liking for . taking care of their own property. A few others thought this j was wrong. Most, however, did not like their ; own property interfered with. The conse i quence was that there was less poverty in Ade j laide than in any other city in the world, ' and there were very few larrikins. After ] touching lightly upon political movements the j lecturer recommended the following among I other 'books' to the rising political econo ! mist :— ' On the Fallacy that Two and Two I are Four,' by Adam Smith; 'The Advan ! tages of Poverty,' by W. K. Simms ; ' An j ex- Attorney-General on the Law of Riot;' j 'Day Dreams,' by Bellamy; 'Anarchical Institutions,' by Herbert Spencer; 'Idle j Thoughts of an Idle Tellow,' by Henry George: 'Tbe Just Principles of Taxa tion,' ' by the Other Map ; ' Dis tress in Birk-street,' by a Single-Taxer ; 'Natural Rights,' by a Trigamist; 'True Happiness,' by a Socialist; 'Evolutionary Enigmas,' by an Old Politician ; ' Topsy Turveydom,' by an Inverted Saint; Nancy Lee, 'On Woman Suffrage;''1 'Political Fallacies,' by an Artful Dodger; and 'Prisons I Ought to Have Seen,' by a Modem Economist. The lecturer said that as one with 42 years' legal experience he wished to say a word or two on the administra tion of justice and the qualifications of those who assisted in the administration of justice and practised the profession of the law. At present the necessity of a three years' University course or a five years' service under articles, during which the legal aspirant could do no manner of work apart from legal studies except work connected with journalism or teaching, acted as a potent bar to boys who under other auspices might become some of our most gifted jurists and legislators. In America, through the freedom with which the gates of the profession were open to all competent persons, were found a Lincoln and a Oarfield occupying the highest post in one of the most powerful nations on this globe. These men rose from the humblest ranks. What chance of becoming a member of the legal profession, and thus gaining a stepping stone to honor and lame, would these men have had m these colonies? What chance was there here for a poor man's son, with an embryo talents of a St. Leonards or an Erskine, becoming even a practising barrister or solicitor? He would say throw down the barriers to the industry and talents of a poor . but gifted boy, who, if allowed, might rival a Brougham — that 'flame of omniscience' — or a Jessel. Many lawyers were inferior advocates ; many laymen were splendid ad vocates. The public were entitled to the widest range of choice, and would be quick to discern and employ the fittest man if the choice was open. The simple operation of the law. of natural selection would soon obliterate the man who was unfit to practise the profes sion. Sir George Grey had courteously favored him with a copy of the Law Prac titioners Bill which he had introduced, and which was now before the New Zealand Par liament. It enacted — ''That every male person of the full age of twenty -one years, of whose good fr.rae and reputation and of whose learning in the law any one or more of the judges of the Supreme Court shall be satisfied, shall lie entitled to be admitted as a barrister and solicitor of. the said court and generally to the practice of the law and to all the rights and privileges thereof, and to be enrolled as a barrister and solicitor of the said court.' Why should not South Australia do likewise? In some Continental countries tiibunals of commerce were constituted wholly of mercantile judges, who really were the counterparts of our justices of the ^eace when sitting in our local courts. The jurisdiction of these tribunals was unlimited by any considera tion of amount. They gave entire satisfaction, and administered justice simply, speedily, and cheaply. In these courts even the agents of the parties could appear as of right, and conduct causes. In the administration of justice the legal element was thus minimised, and the lay element, representing intelligence and common sense, preponderated, and best of all the community was satisfied. In all English speaking communities the legal mind (if any such there be) was rapidly discarding prece dent and adopting principles. We were swiftly coming to the code period of legal history, having discovered the hollowne s of that re liance upon precedent which had as much substantiality as the Cock-lane ghost. We viewed with mingled feelings of sorrow and disgust those innumerable volumes of law reix- rts, the cases in which might fairly be said to represent so many squandered foi tunes or wasted lives. He asked them to aid in this great work of reform, so that the courts of law might no longer be a terror to the honest man or a protection to the wealthy rogue. We in South Australia had been the leaders in real property law reform, in which we were ahead of any nation in the world. He urged them to carry their ideas onward, and devote at least some time in for mulating a system for the . administration of broad justice, not narrow law, so that the poorest man might approach the court with confidence, and if honest, with hope, un deterred by the bugbears of delay, complexity, and expense. The address excited much merriment and in terest, and gave rise to some discussion. Tlie cordial thanks of the meeting were tendered to Mr. Sheridan. 