FUGITIVE NOTES. seems: together the odds and ends of the story of an that comes from Port Campbell, there is seen gradually stand out from the tragical background "material for at least one heroic story. It is one of La stories of self- sacrifice and unrewarded cn flavour which are common enough in life, though ___j)y silently acted and unobtrusive, but which is? under circumstances of peculiar impressiveness prescence of great disasters The event was common place enough, and so was the principal actor in (no doubt, yet one can hardly think that any will of the name attempt of the selector Wilkinson to the sad result without feeling that here was one other emblazoned acts of heroism which performed v the leader of a forlorn hope or parodied in the lu-fflofarashbngado, would have been heralded _d applauded by many a lusty flourish of the world's trumpet of fame Arthur Wilkinson, it appears, T just each a selector as perhaps half a score of (hence the neighbourhood of that rock-bound coast the FIJI went ashore, or like hundreds (four representatives of the same class scattered in the face of the colonies He was one of the tators, ""forcedly idle, who watched the straining set where she lay on the roof, not much more than hundred yards off, the surf breaking pitilessly over it all through the early hours of Sunday morning, to live in the afternoon of that day The vessel showed signs of breaking up, and the watchers saw a "six sWim off from the vessel, and make his way ncosohtUy until he was overwhelmed by the back as, Young Wilkinson saw his danger, and, utterly impatient of inaction at such a crisis, went a to his rescue For 10 minutes in that battling cauldron of surf this stout-hearted young fellow pushed Punten along by the foot, struggling jaofnUy against odds that were destined to prove too strong for him. We road that both succumbed last sad were washed out to the ship , where, a line being thrown to them, they succeeded with "the difficulty in securing it, and were pulled on Kari W Atkinson thus found his lot cost in with the doomed ship, but here the sad part of the story ma m Wilkinson was so exhausted by his struggles with the surf and the man whose life he has saved, that he was unconscious reaching the dock They laid him down there covered him with blankets, and-to put the case at its baldest-when rescue come they went their way and left him True, it would have been next to impossible to have done otherwise but one hand lie to know that the attempt had been made. The last we hear of poor Wilkinson alive is told us by the second mate "Just before I went ashore I take! at him," this man says "He was not quite Jad His eyes were moving but no was shut and quite unconscious, and we had no resource but to save him" The captain, who was the last to leave the ship, states that he satisfied himself that the brave fellow was quite dead strangely enough, by one of those queer caprices of fate which is often happen in such cases, the man he lost his life to rescue was among the saved and now we read that the statement that Wilkinson the dead when the last man left the ship was an "or V when the body was found, " the hands were clenched tightly, grasping pieces of straw and other fungi, indicating that when the vessel broke up he clutched these things in his final struggle for life " The people of Geelong heaped wreath of flowers on the back of this humble hero, whose touching story him it all the elements of a stirring heroic poem accept the end ! . . . . Sir Justice Stephen has a fine vein of innocent Brcum latent in what we may, perhaps, be pardoned forreiornng to as his judicial system Adjudicating to a case within the sacred precincts of his honour- able court the other day, he uttered words which, when read but fortunately bards don't read legal judgments-will Suttor the cotes of the Muses and lend a frisson of horror through Arcadia " There ID ght be in the colony poets Miltons, Shakespeare's, ind Tennysons but they had not been heard of," rates the stem judgment of this critical Bhadaman (hm. ' Their poems, if ever they had been written, had never been published or known Such people were not men of mark" added Mr Justice Stephen, and it reads like the last word on the subject, and the formal epitaph on a mute, in glorious, uni inoffensive class in the community But the remarks of the learned judge are susceptible of two misconstructions They may be accepted in their purely critical sense, as when we say of a prolific writer of verse, " He is no poet or of a profuse painter of pictures, " He is no artist " " In this sense, by a facetious figure of speech that none of the mute inglorious over yet appreciated, it is pleasantly assumed that the poems of the pictures were never written or painted at all This system has its merits, and it would be well for the peace of mind of this and other suffering com Buutics _ the bulk of Australian verse could be treated in this way On the other and it may be assumed that Mr Justice Stephen meant literally what he said, and that there might daily be in this colony poets, Motions, c, but they had never been heard of This opens up a nice of tender regrets for the learned Judge and all ISetiatemont he has lost For it is then clear that li Honor can never have gnashed his teeth overa Um anthology of Australian verse collected by a Mr Sladen in which it is proved to a demonstration list there are poets in this colony, and in all the other colonies as a cabstand awf lilly had ones, too ! He has never read what our bards line to say about the wattle, apparently , likewise about the framing waratah The busy lawyer is fully in touch with the muses, so that probably In Honor has never met with the stanza-if not, I congratulate him-which explains how the strange 1 ask (rams All rushed their leaves with a of further surprise, They had seen old stagers and timely new chums, But here were saloon. 2, peculiar house let it is highly questionable if Milton or Shakespeare could have written anything like that-and survived II signs called almost at random from the anthology referred to to which English readers turn when they nato know all about Australian verse If his Honor's judgment could be enforced abroad in "seed of that particular book, even an m loved hard might forgive him his ruthless ml asm although at first blush it might have waned in the words of another lightsome Australian had represented in the anthology, a bringing down li The Jnmrcrnitlt weight Ota pitiless fits On the shores of a poet B soul, On the strength of his exquisite soul . . . . . And, touching the wattle-a much-abused vegetable, gentlemen, which your native and imported bards have stated very contumaciously '-the name suggests Ike native flower question, which seems to be as much IT as the flow era themselves just now. We are Win of a miscreant-an abstract typo-who is toWe to see any beauty in our native flowers This letter mind of every patriotic citizen is tantamount to saying that he doesn't admire our beautiful har- tan or regard Sir Henry Parkes as the finest type of the British statesman in the Queen's broad dominions kieta, it is worse, for we didn't grow the Premier altogether, and he is not what Mr Jefferson Brick sold a fine example of our native raw material in the sense that the flowers are, which grow from season to pass with such commendable regularity), in spite of the persistent endeavours of some to extirpate them ''off, what reasonable pretext can anybody offer for landmines these native flowers of ours In their fires they are, for the most part dainty in form, "d truly exquisite in colour, and the charge that Ty have no perfume has been long since with town It is true that it is not desirable to dwell too 18 on this feature, and perhaps our flowers are 1 Mile straggling and bramble - not to say prickly when they are plucked And of course "* isolated specimens cannot compare in fresh j" and richness of bloom with the flora T countries that gave us our stoned "wsuidlilios Our wild blooms have never flow ored J Mono tapestries, or added lustre totheboiuty old-world heroines, whose romances dwell with J» after-time like remembered music They want consecrating touch of tradition, and the charm of ».oflasaociatiou with a life that had lived and loved W Passed away ages before our wattles and waratahs *w known to European eyes No Martin-pl ophocj 9\. am written about OKI flowers but, what of *" We don't admire our native flora for the magic romantic association, but simply for the flowers selves, and the return of summer which they "I'd, and the colour and brightness with which they W up our forest Bpacts And for this reason, too, 'don't care about them plucked if we can see them Pwmg on their own stems among their natural en Tdo»aientof green That is the time to see and severe Australian bush flowers, when the heath suite with scarlet or white with ghost-like bros- Will own a clinging vine are a-bloom, and the Mia hearing resinous odours of the forest carry possess and tll0 mm charges of having to close 'come Within the range of thin influence a correspondent found time to look up some Weak returns of wool-growing in the States, as he discovers that five years ago they had upwards of 300 million pounds weight. ". Population _ somewhere about CO millions, so that the flocks over there were sufficient to provide 8lb. of wool per annum to each inhabitant ! Why, it is hardly enough to keep them in woollen socks for the winter. But the writer argues excitedly from this return that the States have no room for Australian wool, as he airily presumes that the clip has increased to 1200 millions of pounds since 1880\. Leaving this quite gratuitous assumption out of the question, as well as the hungry woollen mills of the States that supply the foreign and home trade of that country, it may be pointed out that we rely on the superior quality of our Australian-grown wools for opening a market anywhere. Although the quality and length of fibre of American wool are said to have improved of late years, it has yet to be practically i demonstrated that they have come up to the level of the Australian product, and it is to carry this challenge into the enemy's country that our woolgrowers are taking steps to send a really representative exhibit of sheep and wool to the World's Fair at Chicago. So for as our growers are concerned they are quite ready, apparently, to try the experiment of competing in the American market, as soon as the absurdly highitrlport duty is removed. It is door that the American grower does not share the confidence of the outsider that the natural increase is sufficient to secure the local market there, since they bolster up their chances by a protective tax on wool of Australian growth. We will send a wool exhibit to Chicago, if only to show the American citizen the kind of goods he is shutting out of his country by prohibitive duties a a . . . Lord Jersey has been saying the right word at the right time. It would scarcely be expected' that we would be at the trouble of replying to every Bcribhluig globe-trotter who makes Australia his happy hunting ground. As a rule, this class of critic is too ins high cant, and to us on the spot his criticisms are too ludicrously inept and ill-informed to make it worth anyone's while to treat them seriously. But it so happens that in the last batch of magazines there are quite several articles on Australia, some of them by recent visitors, and the fact that they all come together, as well as the names of the highly respectable periodicals in which they appear, give them an importance that certainly does not appertain either to the writers or their lucubrations individually. Australian readers hesitate be tween advertising the writers of such articles and correcting the erroneous impressions they leave on the minds of home readers. Even the most solid reviews of late have) betrayed a tendency to admit comparatively light reading in the form of fiction into their pages, and on the whole we are inclined to regard these highly-coloured and fanciful sketches as more essays in frivolity sandwiched in to add lightness to the ponderous pages of the Review. Lord Jersey seems to have thought similarly, but the suspicion did not prevent him from speaking out at Albury on Thursday on the subject of Australian character and credit, and the globe-trotting scribbler in general. "Petulant sarcasm," " critical mis- representation," "mosquito critics," and parasites of civilisation were some of his Excellency's pretty epithets, and those to whom the remarks referred sure surely welcome to the kind of advertisement they can give them. But Lord Jersey was probably right when he said that it was unfortunate that effusions of the class he had in his mind should gain so much publicity. It seems to be a recognised rule among publicists of a certain class that to gain notoriety and to be read it is above all things necessary to abuse something or somebody, on the principle that it is better for a tradesman to be horsewhipped by a duke than never to engage the attention of the titled aristocracy at all. And there must be a peculiar piquancy to a certain class of mind he libelling, not an individual, but a whole Continent. 