THE PJSBBS&AE;, OA^KTAI,. The latest claimant (happy word ia her case, since already ifc has given her world-wide fame) to the rank of federal capital of the coming Common wealth of Australia is the good ' City of Crows ' by the pleasant waters of the Murrumbidgee, the far-famed Waggft Wsgga. It is not surprising ; if; is only natural. Wagga Wagga has alwayo been ambitious and gone in largely to outshine her neighbours, as in some respects she does — her beautiful avenueB of tree planted streets, to wit — ? though in others, perhaps, rather aa hippy memories o£ the past. It would not be surprising i£ any country town with, as they say, a ghost of a show, or without, should go in for such a distinction and ouch a prospect as that; ' splendid dream' o^' Sir Henry ParkeB of ' a Grovernor-Q-sneral with a court as at tractive and magnificent as that of any monarch in Europe,' if only ae that never before-heard of township in Victoria with the unpronounceable name seems to have done, for the fun of the thing. But whatever may be said of the several other claimants, there is something to be said Cor this one. In the first place, except the several colo nial capitals (and perhapa nofc excepting oome of them), ohe io better known, pro bably, by name to the world at largo than any other Australian town or city ; further, ifc ia a genuinely Australian name — ought to fcinve been, we have nlwcivQ thought. the name of one of the new cruisers, since the Premier has testified how he once struck terror with the very sound of it into the soui of a German Customs officer — and then, what a name ifc is — Wagga 'Wagga— to go ringing mellifluonsly down the agep aa that of the capital — tho ' court of Wagga Wagga,' as the Premier would phrase it — of the great Australian Common wealth ! Yet it was the member for Wagga Wagga — how will he again face his constituents there ? — Mr. Dibbs, who ventured to pro pose in the Convention lhat the capital should be, not the ' City of Crows' nor any other city, but the city of Sydney, though it is fair to say, neither that he loved Wagga Wagga less nor Syd ney more, but simply with the idea, much less, probably, of carrying his proposal than of ' dishing ' federation altogether. At any rate, it is with that ' felonious intent ' that he is credited by two of his closest old friends and colleagues, Messrs. Barton and Garvan, the latter of whom is not only ' enthusiastically in favour of federation ' but equally sanguine as to the certainty of Sydney being selected as the capital — more so, we are bound to say, than any other sane man we have ever met. Not only does he believe that the Governors of the colonies, who have the first choice, will be unanimous in her favour, but he is ' confident ' that it is ' fair to deduce' that the majority of the first Federal Parliament, which will decide the matter, will endorse their choice — from which it seems to be ' fair to deduce ' that Mr. Garvan is a gentleman of much more confiding disposition than he is gene rally supposed to be. His confidence, how ever, does not extend to Mr. Dibbs as a member of the Convention, for his own exclu sion from which august body in favour of his late leader he seizes the occasion to take revenge in the following trenchant fashion : — ' The insertion of Sydney as the capital in the present bill,' he is reported to have said, 'could only have the effect of provoking opposition in the Federal Parlia ment, and the grasping policy of one who is no triend to federation, if successful at the present stage, would be only a temporary triumph, ending in the final and permanent disaster which he professes himself so anxi ous to avoid, but which from incompetency or base treason to the cause he is endeavour ing to bring about.' Mr. Barton does not use quite such strong language of his old leader, though he, too, 'could not help thinking that his (Mr. Dibbs's) insidious amendment meant treachery,' and if, as it appears, he might confidently call upon Mr. Garvan — with whom, perhaps, in this con nection may be coupled Mr. Copeland — to join him in the cheerful refrain which he quoted — I march, with no party, I march with no flag, Which does not keep step with the Union — well, then it also seems as if in the neaBr future we are likely to see some strange transmogrifications in the way of political parties. 