Story Golumn. RECALLED TO LIFE Oil, What, a Woman Did for Love. a ta.lt; of the old world and THE NEW. BY JAMES SKIPP BORLA3E. 1 Author ol "Darker than Death." "lUckes to Ruin," ' An Ocean Secret," &c.;, &o.; ALL QUEENSLAND BIQ1IT3 nKSBBVLtl. BOOK IX.— A LAND OF CAPTIVITY. Ciuiter XX. — (Continued.) Perceiving what had occurred, and how deeply she was engrossed with tho sight, Sanglier whispered to the constable, who was called Bradshaw, that their best plan would be to lock all three in, nnd seek for allies in their meditated enterprise elsewhere. But Lucy Sebright heard tho sugges tion, and immediately colled out, ' Treachery, Bessie, treachery !' whereat Bessie sprang out of the cell with a single bound, and the next instant she had whipped her revolver out of her pocket and was menacing the two men there with as she hissed at them from between her tightly clenched teeth : ' Bradshaw, go in and knock their iron3 off. Sanglier, go you along and help. "Why, for such work as we have on hand this night those two men in there arc worth any other six that you could pick out.' ' And less likely tliun most to cut my throat when they've dono with me,' thought Bradshaw to himself, who know the inner character of every man in his chain gang, anil from that moment ho became Bessie's ally rather than Sang lier' s. He went into the cell, followed by the ex-banker, and unlocked tho wrist and legfettersof the two unconscious prisoners, after which he managed to get a little brandy down each of their throats from a flask tendered him by Sanglier, who, as butler at the Ashtons, hud always found it an easy matter to carry such a com forter about with him. The potent spirit soon had its accus tomed effect upon those who hail perforce imbibed it, and as soon as ever conscious ness returned, Bradshaw said to them : " "Whichever of you shouted out just now ' llecaUed to Life,' very likely spoke the truth, for a few of us are going to strike a bold blow for liberty this night, and we want you two to help us to do it.' " It's very good of you, Bradshaw, to think of us, and more than I should have expected from you, all things considered, hut I can't attempt to escape from this colony without another goes along, and I can't think of any way to get at her. Don't stay to ask me why — my mind's made up on this point — because I'd have to tell a long story to explain it, aud every minute of time must be precious. My mnto will doubtless gladly accompany you,' responded George Grant with a sigh. 'I'm blest if ho will, though, and for much tho same reason, What! escape and leave Lucy Sebright behind? Not I,' was Jack Webb's retort. Sanglier bit his lip at these words, and then exclaimed sullenly, 'Leave the fools alone and come along, Bradshaw. There are scores of just as likely chaps who will jump at our offer, and regard us ns their benefactors to their lives' ends for giving them buck their liberties.' Bradshaw, however, paid no heed to his words, but instead pushed the cell- door wider open, and pointed out to the two convicts the very women whom they had been thinking of standing outside in the white moonlight, at tho same timo observing drily : ' If those are the petticoats you're sort of stitched on to, they're going uiong ov us Now what do you say ? ' ' That we'ro with you, hand and glove,' answered George Grant. 'Aye, and heart and soul as well,' echoed Jack Webb. 'Then, come along, lads,' responded Bradshaw, quickly, ' for fcliiB is u time for deeds instead of barney.' Grant and Webb at once followed him and Sanglier out of tlio cell into the moonlight, ulid the constublc then set to work to secure the door behind them. Whilst he was doing so George Grant walked awkwardly up to Bessie Green- stock and said to her, almost coldly, ' 1 owe you my life, anil I am grateful. It was generous — it was noble of you. Per haps some day, before long, I may be ablo to pay off the debt ; at all events, I trust and hope so.' It was an odd speech, and still stranger was the way in which, after very evident hesitation, ho held out his haiid to her. BeBsie accepted it as though reluctantly, but no tender pressure, or even heurty grip, ensued. They even Bhuddcred as their fingers met, nnd then hand dropped hand, and they gazed into each other's fuccs, ns though each of thom read aud was horrified by the other's thoughts. Was it, wo wonder, because their hands had iiover met sinco that night whereon George had asked Bessie to bo his wife at Sobraon Villa, then chungcd his mind in favour of her much youngnr stop-sistor, and two ilayB later that lmlf-Bister hud been foully murdered in Lady Ann's Grove ? Jack Webb' greeted Lucy Sebright iu a much more eifuBive manner, declaring Ltbat .be owed bis life to her, and much more to tho snmo effect, but naught ediild- Lucy say in return, but 'No, no. Ton aro entirely mistaken. Ob, don't tulk so — don't — dont!' and when he wontedito'shako hands with hor, she clasped bpth lieir own behind her back, at the samectinio exclaiming in a voice that sounded like a "wail, ' I can't, I can't. There is blood upon it — blood— blood !' — words wbieh caused Jack to turn a3 whito as any ghost and to exclaim with ashen gray lips, 'What do you menu? Wh0 could lhtaretol& -—Why, -you litufTb,TwaB sent" out bore for (merely filinntipg- a'hhro," ah'fl'bn' my own Iah4 -iji addition. YouT- bave: been toldjbauncing lies ' about mF'by someono or.pJher,Vand : ondohytfiing bulfnen Greenstock. Lucy stared at him in mute surprise. She could clearly see that ho had not understood her in tho least, but not ono whit better could she understand him, and for a moment she shuddered at tlio expression of his usually goocl- teiupered face. It was certainly a relief to both couples whom tho ex-banker hud beeu closely utvl attentively watching all the while, when Constable Bradshaw exclaimed suddenly : ' Now then, let us push on. I think wc aro enough for the job in hand — what do you suy, Sanglier ?' ' I suy that without at least two moro we muy as well give up tho undertaking as hopeless, for, remember, thcro are, at least, seven men on board the Kangaroo,' wus the answer. ' And what do you say, ma'am ?' asked Bradshaw of Bessie. ' I thiuk that we should bo nioro suro to succeed wero we stronger in numbers,' she rejoined, as though reluctuutly. ' But,' she added, ' wo waut arms even more than we do men.' ' "We constables always carry u brace of loaded pistols as well as a staff,' answered Bradshaw, ' and therefore a couple moro of us will be worth half a dozen ordinary men, and, believe me, tliut we'll bo us glad to clear out o' this as any of tho others could possibly be. Now you five bud better at once push on for the wharf, because women can't be expected to walk as fast as men. I and a couple of mates will catch you up before you get to tho end of your journey.' " The rest may go on. I'll remain with you," said George Grant, looking hard at Bradshaw the while. Bessie Greenstock reud both his look anil liis thoughts, and stepping up to liim said in a low tone : ' "Well and bravely decided, and here is a revolver, leaded in all its six cham bers, should you ehanco to require it.' As sheconeludcd she slipped the weapon unobserved into his hand, aud he thanked her with a look. Bradshaw didn't seem to altogether like tho arrangement, but nevertheless acquiesced in it, so that a minute later Bessie, Lucy, Sanglier, und Jack Webb were pushing on towards the Government landing stage, four miles away, and George Grunt and Bradshaw wore lost to sight around tho corner of tho conviet barracks in their rear. ' Sanglier, if you're at all nervous about carrying those loaded pistols in your pockets, I daresay Webb would do it for you,' Bessie Greenstock suddenly ob served, as they walked rapidly on. The ex-banker at onco parted with tho wenpons, and felt as delighted, when ho was well quit of them, as J ack Webb did at their acquisition. It put Bessie also completely at her ease, for before the cxcluuigc of firearms (she having given her revolver to Grant), they had all been at Sanglicr's mercy, whereas he was now at theirs. The country that they passed through might, at any other time aud under dif ferent conditions, linvo won their attention and admiration, so beautiful was it, but they very naturally under existing circumstuuces thought of nothing but the chances of their getting away from it, and even the most sanguine of their number could not help but perceive that those chances wero a great deal more against them than they wero in their favour, At last the almost continuous forest of white-trimked blue gum, feathery acacia, and gold and silver tufted wattle trues grew thinner, and a glimpse of tho dark blue waters of Storm Bay was caught between them. A few minutes later they could see the rough timber landing stage, and the little Kangaroo lying about a couple of cables' lengths therefrom, ' as idly as a painted ship upon a painted ocean.' She looked a fragile enough craft to bravo tho angry waters of tho Great Southern Oueun aboard of, but a much greater peril would have to he met aud overcome before that one could bo braved. The little party had not got on much further cro they were overtaken by George Grant, Brudsliaw, aud two other convict constables, all looking resolved to dure and do. Georgo at onco whispered to Bessie thiit there had not been tbo least sign of treachery or double dealing on their parts. ffliis was highly satisfactory, and Bessie began to entertain strong liopos of their succeeding in their enterprise, though in all probability not without bloodshed, a thought which distressod her greatly. Jlut she did not fliuch from tho pro spect of beholding, or, if dire necessity required it, from even taking part in n bloody struggle, knowing well as she did that if they failed in their enterprise Lucy Sebright would bo hanged for tho murder of Captain Ashton, which murder she re garded as having "been almost a righteous act under the circumstances, though much she feared that its remembrance would torture Lucy's heart and conscicnco up to the day o'f her death, no matter liow fur distant that might bo. "Whilst she was thus bitterly reflecting, tho little party of truly desperate men and women wero rapidly approaching the shore, so that presently they had to move with extrcmo caution lest thoy should be seen by the watch on board tho Kangaroo, for though her decks seemed to bo entirely deserted, thero was no tolling this with any certainty. At laBt, availing themselves of every possible cover to conceal them as they ad vanced, they actually reached tho wharf, and Sanglier at onco mounted thereon, close attended by the constable Bradshaw, whilst the others hid woll out of sight bcl ; -d it, yet ready to act with courage, decision, and energy tho instant that it was required of them. "Then, uftcr a brief panso, Const ablo Bradshaw fired off a pistol, Sanglier standing the while upon the wharf so that tho moon should sliino full upon the bright scarlet, gold-lacod uniform that he had on, and alBo upon tho steel scabbard of the sword which ho woroat his side. to bb continued to mobbow 