Woveltet. A LIFE AT STAKE. By MES- HARRIET LEWIS, AntJ.oJ of ■' 'Ii:e Souse of Secreis,'' " Vivian Tkorne'' Tin Heiress of Egremont" '' The Talsc Heir" Ore.. Ore. CHAPTEll XIV.—(Continued.) " Weil, well,'' it joined Therwell, with a slightimpatiencein bis tone; " I'll write out the agreement for you. You can send your boy for it some evening, for it won't do for loo to be eeen too much at the Dare Arms, or for you to be seen here until after the wedding. If there should be any mishap, you know, it would; be as well to. prove that we have eeen nothing of each other, and con sequently cannot Jiave been engaged in a conspiracy." " Then we'll make out the agreement to night. I've got .a dark lantern here under my coat, and paper, pen, and ink in my pocket.' With increasing impatience Therwell ob jected to this proposition, declaring that the light might be eeen fiomthe mansion. " Thtn we'll go to the bottom of the garden,1' said the innkeeper, doggedly "There's a summerhouse there aa tight as a drum, with curtains to the windows and a lock to the door. I've been there often, in the days when I was valet to Sir Allyn's father." After a minute's delay Therwell acceded to the requestthe two men quitted the bov.-er, and eet out for the summer-house. Sirs. Arary muttered when the sound of their footsteps had died away: " Thev'll get what they deserve some day, I don't doubt.:' "How came you; heref" whispered Ilde, changing her position, which had become tiresome. " I was looVing from my window and saw Therwell on the lawn in front, acting as if he were waiting for someone, miss, and, thinking he might not mean any good, I slipped downstairs and followed him into the garden. Tiiey had been talking half an hour when you came. Did yon eee them too miss ?" "No; and but for your warning I should have walked directly into their presence," said Ilde. " It was a strange providence that you should have saved me from such disaster." "I may yet save you from a greater grief than tba<-, Miss Dire," responded the woman, significantly. " Your kindness to me, a poor wayfarer, will yet return in blessings upon your own head. I cannot tell you more now —I have not time; but I prophesy that you will never marry Therwell." " I never will if I can help it." "But 7 can and will prevent it, Mies Dare," deolared Jlrs. Amry, energetically " With one wave of my hand I could dispei the clouds that now envelope your pathway but I am not sure that I could restore your father's peace of mind." " I could not be happy if papa were miser able, fibid Ilde, plaiutively. " I should have said that with one wave of my hand I could prevent this marriage," amended the woman. " I think I could make Therwell release your father, too; but if he has proofs of aught against him 1 must wait and see. One week more—wait with hope and patience for a aingle week, Mies Dare." "You have then seen Therwell before, Mrs. Amry ?" questioned the baronet's daughter. '• S -en him 1' cried the woman, in a voice of passionate energy, through which ran a wailing undertone. "But for bim, Mi™ D^re, 1 should have been the proudest and happiest woman 'in the world to-night. He was a deadly serpent who croeeed my path way, only to blast and destroy my peace of mind. I vowed that I would have revenge. For years I have sought him, and sought in va*°-. ? catne here discouraged, worn-out, deepairing. You gave me food ai)d shelter) and here I stumbled upon him by accident. If you had sent me away," and her voice was full of linpreesiveness, " I should not bars found him, and you would have been doomed to a bitter, bitter, bitter life with him !" Ilde drew nearer to the woman, looking at her with a face full of passionate eagerness, as migiit be seen in the subdued starlight. It eeemed to the girl as if her prayers had been answered. She had desired to meet with someone to whom the past life of Therwell was fully known, and a cry of joy arose to her lips as she felt that she had found that o.s in the woman she had fed and sheltered. "You know Therwell, then?" she said. Do yoa know of anything in his life whioh he would shrink from exposing Has he ever broken any of the laws of the countrv? Tell me, dear Mrs. Amry, that I may have eome weapon with which to defend mvself against him." ' ' " Leave all to me, Miss Dare," said the woman, arising, and standing erect. «I cannot tell you now what you ask, but rest assured that you shall never be his wife I will defend you." spoke with such force of manner that Ilde felt compelled to have faith in her. The womanJLqbked at her thoughtfully regarding her tire. and the rippling waves of hair that surrounded her throat, looking now like a ■ light :, and dusky mass, and said: " I beg your pardon, Miss Dare, but the hour is very late. You are dressed for riding. Surely you are not bo wild cs to think of abandoning your home ?" " Oh, no, indeed 1" responded Ilde. Then, with an irresistible imptlse to confide in this singular woman, who had promised to rescue her from the impending marriage, she added, in a whisper, "I am going, with my lathee's consent, and well attended, to search for the written compact of which Therwell spoke!" " l'ou are going to his place called Oak shaw 2'-' 1 ide assented. The woman reflected a moment, and then eaid: " Sou are right, Miss Dare. The paper must be found and destroyed. With that out of the way, your father may be saved If I knew what was in that paper, I might ba able Still, if the document i be _ what I suspect, it ought not to I oe in existence. Go, Miss Dare, and may I fjeaven prosper you errand. Go, before those men return this way." Tnere were many questions which Ilde longed to ask, but Mre. Amrj 'a last words decided her to depart upon her errand at once, ltasolving to gain the confidence of tins woman on her return, she preeeed her hand, said a few words of thanks, and turned to go. _ " Stop!" said Mrs. Amry, as the girls stood in the arched opening of the dell. «• Mies Dire, Therwell once possee&ed; a small Equare mahogany box in which he kept his private papers. It was a valuable one, inlaid with a gold wreath on the top, and he prized it very highly. It had a false bottom, -which opened by pressing one of the gold leaves in the front. If that box be at Oakshaw, it has this paper concealed in it. I have heard him say that it was the rncst secure place that could be devised for the concealment of anything of value. Ijook for it." • With this parting injunction Bhe again begged the maidens to hasten their departure before the return af Therwell. They obeyed her, hurrying away under the shadow of the shrubs and buBhca to the appointed rendezvous. It wps a brief walk, made eventful by enteral a'arrns, Miss Arsdale fancying that \- hcrwc/l as following them, or that she Jc-ard the two men's footsteps ; but Ilde en couraged and reassured her, and they at Jengt'i reached their destination in safety. At the door of the stable-yard, a neatly paved court, they .found Jarmin, the groom in whom Ilde had confided, and who was to accompany them. He was an honest-faced, gray-haired man whose duty it had always been, since her earliest childhood, to attend upon his young mistress in her riding excursions. As Ilde had said, he was devoted other; but even Ilde did not know with what slave-like fidelity the old groom clung to the house and name of Dire, or with what worshipping j reverence he regarded the lovely young heiress of its fame and fortunes. He came forward, bowing, with one hand uplifted, and said: "If you please, Miss Ilde, I thought I saw a couple of men-servants most like prowling around in the gardens a little while eg.-, and, as the journey was to be secret, I made bold to take the horse6 round to the park, knowing that you always have the keys to the park gates." " You have done well, Jarmin," said his young mistress. " We have been delayed a little, but quick riding will make up for lost time. We will start at once." The greom cb?yed, and set out with rapid step toward the spot where the horses were in waiting, the two young ladies, hand in hand^ following him. It was but a few steps to Eden Park, and a brisk walk of a few minutes brought them to the waiting steeds. The horses were completely capari soned for the journey, and Ilde mounted her favorite, a fleet, graceful Arabian. Miss Aredale was assisted upon the back of a thoroughbred animal which she always rode, and the groom vaulted upon the back of a swift-footed liorse, which was the special favorite of Sir AUyn. " We will ride through the park, pass the the lake, and go out by the 1 >wer park gate," said Ilde, in a low tone, "Bide quietly until we reach the road, else we mav be heard J" . ' The groom fell back behind the two young ladies, and the horses proceeded at a quiet pace upon the route designated. Meanwhile, the woman whose assurance had done so much to lighten the heart of Ilde stood for a few moments in the little flower decked nook, gazing in the direction the young Isdies had taken. "Idon't know but 1 aid wrong to advise her to go," she mused. "Perhaps, after all, this journey is unnecessary. Therwell will give up the paper if I were to demand it as the price -of foregoing my revenge. Still, to make all sure, she had better get it. She said she would be well attended. Doubtless she takes half a dozen servants with her! She ib safe enough, whoever may be in the house." Despite this self-assurannce, the woman's manner was uneaBy. She half started in pursuit of Miss Dare, and then, chiding her self for her folly, shrank baok again into the shade of the little nook. She was Btanding there, thoughtful and abstracted, with a strange gleam on her grim face, her fingers working nervously together, when footsteps were heard upon the gravelled walk, low and cautious tones were distinguishable, and she was made aware of the return cf the con federates. Therwell's voice sounded as bland and smooth as ever ; Hoadley'e was full of sup pressed exultation. As the voice of the former penetrated her hearing, she became at once alert and vigi lant. The abstracted look gave plⅇ to an eager expression, and she leaned forward listening intently. But she could gather nothing from their words, except that Therwell had written and signed the document demanded by the inn keeper. Their business was evidently con eluded, and there were no allusions made to the baronet's daughter or to the approaching marriage. They passed the laburnum bower, I walking slowly and almost silently; she stole out from her concealment and crept after [ them, taking care that her footsteps should not be heard, and that her movements should be screened by the bushes. In this way they passed around the mansion, and entered into the deeper shade of the lawn. More fearless now, Mrs. Amry crept nearer. * The confederates, to her great disappoint ment, merely reiterated their mutual promises, and then separated, the satisfied innkeeper departing "for Edenville, and Therwell lighting a cigar, and walking slonly up and down the wide avenue. Mrs. Amry looked at him irom behind a clump of shrubbery, with gleaming eyes and a face full of passionate hatred. A life-time of bitterness and anguish compressed itself into a single burning look that might have scorched even his guilty sou', and she lifted her arm as if invoking vengeance upon him. Perhaps some mysterious instinct warned bim of the presence of an enemy ; perhaps that look really penetrated to his soul; or perhape some subtle chord that had once bound him to that woznan in some way, but which had been broken, began to re-assert its influence, so that. he felt that she was near. Whatever the cause, it was cer tain that he stopped abruptly, looked around him uneasily, and then his gaze settled upon the woman, who was plainly visible to him. She presented a strange, weird picture as she stood there, the lower half of her person in the shade of the bushes, her face leaning out toward him, with the starlight resting full upon it, exaggerating its wild, passionate expression, itspallid whiteness, its menacing look, and giving even a spectral appearance to her uplifted arm. He staggered back appalled, the cigar drop ping from hiB lips, and bis limbs trembling beneath his weight. Ab she marked the effeot of her appearance upon him; a mocking smile flitted ovex the woman's Btern lips. " I—I thought she was dead !" muttered Therwell, unconsciously, his smoothness and blandnesB of manner gone, and a cold pers piration breaking out upon his large, round face. " Alive! alive ! and here to ruin me! Alive, and eager lor revenge 1" He groaned involuntarily, but sustained himself by leaning against a tree. The Bhock ol seeing her had been eo sudden and un prepared for, that lie felt bis presence of mind desert him, hi3 courage fade away, and for a moment be was almost para lysed. But only for a moment. _ The woman gave utterance to a raooking kind of laugh, that sect tho blood tingling through bis veins, and which seemed to set bis heart and brain on lire, s:id nerved him to action. With a quick and sudden bound, like that of a beast of prey, he sprang toward her. gained her covcrt, and found that she was gone. She had vanished as utterly and com pletely as if she bad become invisible. Wondering, and alarmed, behurriedin and out of the trees, and traversed the lawn, searching everywhere, but in vain, for this mysterious? appearance. There was a vein of superstition in bis nature that made itself perceptible at that moment; with limbs trembling, heart beat ing furiously, be hurried toward the mansion, wiping the clammy dew from bis face as he muttered: " The old superstitions are not at fault. Why does she appear to me ? Let her come : as often as she likes,'7 he added, recklessly, ! " so long as she does not ccme in the Hesb. < I am less afraid of ber ghost than of her living j body." Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on the night air. With a stifled shriek ,Tberwell rushed into the houEe, bolted the door, and crept up to his room in silence and in terror. And then the strange woman arose from the midst of the clump of buelies, where she had fallen prostrate and remained unseen; she then returned to the house, and her own room- murmuring: " He has had a foretaste of misery to-night. There yet remains a brimming cup which he must drain drop by drop. Yes, Ude Dare, you shall be freed, and I shall be avenged 1" 