ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &C.; « The Late Lamented,"a farcical comedy , ! ndanted from the French by *' norn'er, was presented at the Prin t's Theatre on Saturday night by a newly Sised company, and in presence of a ,Serous and appreciative audience. The £ abounds with farcical episodes, but it E evidence of the struggles of the adapter to Set the English taste, and there is one Ither clumsily arranged scene, in which a aL has to explain the history of many things at length, that has a natural tendency o dmg in a composition in which a constant succession of amusing incidents is looked to Audiences laugh at farcical comedies, Lt when they constitute the whole even ing's entertainment the people leave the theatre with a feeling that they have been recaled with very light fare. As the farcical play is chiefly made up of the extravagant and the impossible, and serves no higher pur pose than that of exciting laughter, it can only be regarded as a poor substitute for genuine comedy, whose function is to present pictures oireal life and manners with the dulness left out The three-act farcical comedy has had a very good innings during the past 10 vears. It is not improbable that theatrical entertainments could now be strengthened by presenting these composi tions^ the reduced form of one substantial act, with some other short piece of higher calibre to fill out the programme. The fun in "The Late Lamented" turns upon the amusing complications which arise in conse quence of the widow of the late Mr. Godfrey Nicholson, who is married to Mr. Stuart Crosse, not being aware that her deceased husband left another widow, who is married to Mr. Richard Webli. Mr. Nicholson was a London merchant, owning vineyards and other property in the island of Cyprus, where it was his custom to spend six months of each year. His first wife, Helen, never accom panied him to Cyprus. During one of his visits to the island, two yeara after his mar riage to Helen, he was nursed through a serious illnesB by a fascinating young lady, whose multitudinous flirtations had gained lor her in military circles the name of Larkie, and believing, owing to the receipt of an inaccurate telegram, his first wife to be dead, he married the garrison favourite, and thereafter maintained two establishments. When the play opens, the two widows are living with their husbands in flats in the same house in London. Mrs. Crosse never tires of singing the praises of the dear departed, whom she continues to regard as the most faultless men, though her second husband derives no enjoyment from the constant asseveration of the circumstance. When Major Joseph Marshall, who was Bn admirer of the second Mre. Nicholson in Cyprus, and who is an old friend of Mr. Crosse's, arrives upon the scene, diffi culties begin, forMurshnll, not knowing that trosse is married, entertains him with stories of the proceedings of Larkie in Cyprus ; and then, hearing of the marriage, and recognising the portrait ot Nicholson on one of the walls of his friend's drawingrooin, he believes that Mrs. Crosse is identical with the lively young Cjprian, whom he wishes to meet again. Crosse, being also satisfied that his wife was the ludy of Cyprus, and remembering that she has told him she has never been out of Eng ( ,ls furiously jealous,and makes references to the foreign incidents which axe very puzzling to his spouse. When Marshall meets .second Mra- Nicholson (now Mis. Webb), vde,red on owning her relations b her husband, because he believes her to m. i tt wdow; and much amusement is to <U lMr' Croa8e'B jealous endeavours K £ Ae.major from meet»« to* the of a 8ervftnt in hanging his RPvpIK| rf-lta °/ *Ir' Nicholson owned by the n,vB? 'cts in 'he 8arne room clears up bavin- a11 concerned, and Crosse, ill that the late lamented his wife absolutely specklesa personage £ 1,1 thehaWt of describing The their hilt* iad :0tdy a half-8ha"> « Vebl, "flection, especially Mis. at ^1, but tbr»>B nCVe/ Nichol9°n'8 legal wife beat o! . eventually agree to make the efficiently The piece waa leading P ayed ftK K"®*. the are ollJ public" f£ tU® who 4 VCT heartv «nV°U4-lte8' ^PeT00®11 ln8 themselvM on Present ^Wwented Mra i Muggie Moore appropriate JX. ?! Cr08Se with Sftio-eonjig hnmn keatment and some ^SuST- > «*nes, in her husband tho Sv "fy impt?sea uP°a v'rtaes of his " Jl remembering the 6he is unjusth- o those in which and the ona8!*500^ having been a startling discovprv 8^e ma^£ea the money .Laf4 *Jcr fir9fc husband npon "other J" form r 086 of th«nn throwing missiles at the onoe "vered depaeed-wew fittingly emphasised, and with very entertain ing effect The next best part in the play is that of Mr. Crosse, which was humorously and. cleverly played by Mr. John Gourlay, who, however, shows some stiffness of manner in a line of business to which he iB not well ac customed. Mr. Snazelle was in good form as the genial and puzzled major, who iB hurried from [the luncheon-table before he has had time to taste anything, and who is compelled to oblige Crosse by con cealing his identity in a blanket and tall bronze hat, which give him the appearance of the Shah of Persia suffering from an attack of influenza, though his supposed illness bears the more Berious-sounding name of " jungle cramp." Miss Maggie Knight was the efficient representative of Mrs. Webb, and Mr. E. W. Royce impersonated the old butler very carefully. Mr. Edwin Kelly was not at hiB best as the lawyer Fawcitt. Mr. Hans Phillips succeeded in looking pre sentable aa Richard Webb, which was about all he had to do. Minor parte in the cast were creditably filled by Mr. C. Brown, Miss Gallagher, and Miss Lillie Bryer. The play is elegantly mounted; Mr. Phil. Goatcher's set scene to represent Mr. Crosse's drawing room is noticeably attractive. The performances at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening were for the benefit of the sufferers by the wreck of the barque Fiji. The attendance was not large. The old-fashioned stock piece "East Lynne" was presented by the Laura Villiers company. The parts which were most effectively delineated were the Justice Hare of Mr. A. Bernard, and the Richard Hare of Mr. F. P. Stevens. The characters of Lady Isabel and Archibald Carlyle, re presented by Miss Villiers and Mr. Alderson,were under-acted. After the second act the curtain was raised, disclosing 13 of the shipwrecked crew who BO narrowly escaped perishing on the rocks near Port Campbell. Mr. Julius Knight recited some verses de scriptive of the sad occurrences of the wreck, and then presented Carl Gebhauer (the sea man who swam to the shore in the hope of being able to Bave the lives of his comrades) with a gold medal on behalf of the citizens of Melbourne. Gebhauer, who is a slitnly built young fellow, addressed a few suitable words to the audience, who applauded very heartily, and insisted oh the curtain being raised twice upon the scene. On Tuesday evening "Fedora" was played for the benefit of Miss Villiers. The drama was creditably presented. At the end of the second act, Miss Villiers, who depicts the revengeful Russian princess with some strength, and who also dresses the character exceedingly well, was made the recipient of numerous bouquets. Mr. Julius Knight, as Loris, ob tained a round of applause for his description of the killing of Vladimir. The company gave their farewell Melbourne perfor mance on Wednesday. This evening Shakspeore's "Merry Wives of Windsor" will be produced, the leading characters being sustained by Messrs. W. and G. Rignold and Miss Kate Bishop. j " Jane " continues to amuse large audiences at the Bijou Theatre. The varied programmes presented at the Victoria-hall and the Gaiety Theatre have been well patronised during the week. The Cyclorama has lost none of its attrac tions ; and at the Waxworks the latest novelty is the aerial performance of Mdlle. Lyola and the appearance of the survivors of the wrecked barque Fiji. On Thursday evening a dramntic entertain ment was given in the Theatre Royal by Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis and the members of her academy of elocution, before a full house. Mrs. Lewis's pupils, to the number of alxmt 25, appeared in scenes from five well-known plays and a farce, and succeeded in giving a very effective amateur performance which well entertained the audience. The repre sentation of the varied characters of " David Garrick," " The School for Scandal," " King John," " Romeo and Juliet," " Hamlet," and " A Quiet Family " bore abundant testimony to the industry of the pupils *nd the skill and care of their very capable instructress. Taken all round, the ladies were a shade better than the gentlemen. Their efforts seemed to be more imitative than original, but the general result was often very pleasing. Miss Florrie Stuart threw some genuine feeling into the part of Prince Arthur in the prison scene with Hubert; Miss Kate Millard, as Lady Teazle, made her points effectively and with humour; the Juliet of Miss Rose Blashki was fully as natural and impressive as some which have been Been on the professional stage in Mell»oume; and in the farce, the Mrs. Barnaby Bibbs of Miss Josephine Samuell, with the characters depicted by Miss Dora Southern and Miss N. Gallaber, were agree ably effective impersonations. The farce was, in fact, remarkably well played, Mr. G. H. Smith gaining first honours with his comic portraiture of Mr. Barnaby Bibbs, and being well supported by Messrs. T. Holland, J. H. Gowdie, and W. H. Smith. The Hamlet of Mr. L. R. Truebridge and the Romeo of Mr. J. G. Patten also found favour with a friendly audience. Mrs. Lewis contributed important aid as Queen Gertrude in the closet scene from " Hamlet" (played with the ghost invisible) and also delivered with excellent elocutionary effect Queen Margaret's address to her generals from the Tlnrd Part of " Henry VI." 