'Her Sunday Bonnet The organ pealed above her head, and while the preachergpoke • >Her b eart .was with _ber treasure, where There res'efi on her shining hair " . A dainty flower toque. Her eyes .were blue with present peace and ■ | (lark with past regrets; " The dainty bonuet on her hair, "Which made her look so passing fair. Was made of violets-— That flower w^iicb, the poet sings, is "sweeter , than the roses,".. It looked as if she might have sank < Upon some violet-coyeredbahk, And decked her head with noses. But sweet simplicity comes high, - and . .pastorals -are still The most expensiveihingsin life. I know, because she was my wife—; Ton ought "to seethe biil! - . - Husband : " I don't'think much, of that Bramble girl."; • '' • -Wife : " Well, you had better niot;" ; " "Is your wife of a sunny disposition?" : 1 .' "Yes, she makes it pretty warm for me Bometimes." .Maud : " George told me last night that i was bis little duck.". Ethel : " He probably discovered that yon were no chicken." .,*■ "I am surprisedatCbarley's squandering so much money on a phonograph,'':: " Well, L'm ;not. He always did -like to. hear himself talk." •>: Mrs? Heterby : Can you wash Matilda Snowball: '' Oh course i kin wash: if It has ter be." ■ "Can yoUcook?" : "If it-has ter be; bb course I kin cook." "Are you honest :■ " Yon bet I'sehonest, if I has ter he." . Errand Boy {to jeweller) : " What'shall ; Ihav if an jone brings in a watch to be re- , pktreci -while you -are qutio lunch.*' r! Jeweller (winking) : " Pretend to examine, it carefally, '.hhd -then ■■. tell; him it :need» cieaningacd a^new.'mainspring.*'. ".."VY. " My de*r Ellen," said. Mr. Softfellowto a young lady whose ^miles he was seeking, " 1 have long wished for this Bweet oppor tunity, but I hartily dare trust myself now to soeak the deep emotions of my palpitating heartv I declare to you, my dearest Ellen, that I love you most tenderly. Your smiles would shed—would shed '. _.: •' Never mind the wood-shed," said Ellen, " go on with that pretty talk," ■ ~; ■ Customer * " Why did you take yonr boy away from school'-?"' ' f Grocer : ' ■ They were ruining him. Why; thev were trying to teach him that sixteen ounces make a pound I" " I liked your sermon so much to-flaj,' said "the old lady to the clergyman. . " Indeed ?" said he, evidently pleased. " Yes," she "went on, " it reminded me. 80 much of one I read when I was a girl."' Mrs- Fatpurse :. "You paint pictures to order,don't you?" Great Artist: -r" Yes. madam." Mrs. Fatpurse: "Well, I -want a land scape, with hts of deer, and .ducks and quail, and reed birdB,' and cattle; and Bhdep, and pigs, and so on. yon' know'; and put ■» lake'and an eceari in— freshandsait water, you know; and- be sure to1 have plenty of fish swimming around, because it's for "the dining- room." ■ Little Nell: " Sister will be down in a moment, and.I'm to entertain you till she comes, 'cause mamma said so. 1 think I'll go on with my knitting." Mr. Nicefejlow : •;What are von making, my little dear;?" "It's a birthday present lor sister, ana;, she mustii't know anything about ft till iter birthday comes, you know? ~ Wou won't tell her, wiil you 7" " No, indeed. WhatjB it for ?" " Oh, it's just a little bag.likemammahas, to put her watch in at night, . Bister hasn't any watch, but she can use It for'iier-hair pins, or her bangs, or bier teeth, or home thing." i C ustomer (purchasing a fountain pen) " What's.this it is wrapped up in?" . Clerk : " That, sir, is-a tract.: Bead.it,; and it may counteract the terrible effect-on you caused by swearing at-the pen." He (feeling bis way) : "l—I wish we were good enough friends'ior you to—to call me by my first naino." " She (helping him along) : ". Oh, yonr last name is good enough for me."' " Intelligence has just reached me began Mr, Biodger, as be sat down to th« dinner-table. -» " Thank Heaven it has at last 1" exclaimed . Mre. Blodger. And the food w&s; part&kefl; of in silence. " Is Mr. JoneB in ?" asked the yonng mailt timidly. " Yie, sorr," wbs the reply. " Then please hand my card to Miss done*, and tell her I'm sorry she is out,"returned' the bashful caller scurrying 'away. " Haven't yon forgotten somethlng,sir ?* astert the head porter of a gnest who had paid his bill and was leaving the hotel." " Oh, no," replied the non-tipper; "iff have vou can keep it." "Much obliged! I notice you left yoni pocket-book lying on the deBk." Ifc iB the small boy who usually telli things, and the dinner-table is his favorite theatre. A bright little fellow peOred intu the dish at the head of the table, and el claimed. " What a little chicken for so many people !" The company■ Bmiled surrepti tiously, and his mother endeavored' to* quiet him. But he was like Bahquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up. and clapping his hands, he shouted: *' Oh, yes, I know : now, mamma. ThiB is the little chicken that was ill so long in the yard, ain't it I" 