The Mystery of the Mountain. CHAPTER XIII. FBOM LirS IN DELIRIUM. The music and singing went on down in the parlor; none but those two women, apparently, heard the shots. There were no hurrying foot- steps, no exclamations, as they seemed to expect. For some time they stood gazin? upon one another without speaking. Then Edith said, under her breath : "They couldn't have heard it, Marie. No one has gone to learn the cause ; no one ia doing any- thing. Wo must let them know, so that thoy can help whoever wants help, for it must have been someone who is in danger." " Perhaps, after all, it is nothing more than the signal of the guide's return. Do not excite your- self, Edith, dear," said Mrs. Castlemon, calmly. But her face was white, and there was a strained expression around her lips, " We heaid nothing after the shots, and if there were danger, surely some one would have shouted. It is always best to give the doubt when one doesn't know." " But suppose Mr. Montgomery has been hurt, and there is need of assistance to get him home, Marie ?" added the girl, with excited eyes. " You are so quiet and so cool, but I cannot bear to feel that there may he harm done, and no one to help " If it will relieve you in any way, I will go to Mr. Deland and tell him what we heard," Mrs. Castlemon/replied calmly. "He will know what is best to be done. Of course, we would not neglect our duty. Stay here, dearest, and I will return as soon as I have found him, and told him this." " You are always so very good I" murmured Edith, as she watched the other leave the room. Then Bhe went to the window, and drew aside the curtain, shielding her eyes against the inner light with her hands, and staring into the darkness. But she could see and hear nothing out there. Darkness was profound, save far away toward the east where a faint glimmer of lightning Bhowed the course of the storm. In these flashes, a dim outline of the opposite mountain could be discerned, but the lake was indistinguishable in the great dark- ness on this side of the mountain. Against the blackness outside, the light through the parted curtains streamed blindingly, and Edith stood agaimt this in her loose wrapper and fallen hair like a beautiful vision. Mrs. Castlemon, as she left Edith's room, did not go down to the parlor. She was pretty certain she would not find Mr. Deland there, but with his friend at the other end of the hall. So she went in that direction, and tapping lightly upon the door, was not surprised when her tap was answered by Mr. Deland himself, who carne out and closed the door, astonished to see her there, but giving no sign of this to her. "Is there anything I can do for you, Mrs. Castlemon ? Is Miss Hallston worse-" She shook her head, her finger upon her lip. She was still pale, but she smiled at him quite calmly as she told her errand. "It may be nothing, of course," she added,in conclusion, " but it made Miss Hallston udcomfort able to think it might be because of some harm to Mr. Montgomery." He nodded, smiling to encourage her. Her words were startling, but he would not let his fear cause her discomfort. " It is in all probability the guide returning," he said, as though it were the merest incident. " I will go down and find out, Mrs. Castlemon. Tell Miss Hallston she need really have no fear. I will let you know if there is anything more than ordin- ary the matter. It isn't likely, though," he hasten» ad to add, as he walked beside her along the hall. '' ThiB thing often occurs here, you know, and there is seldom more than slight discomfort comes of it. " Still, it isn't pleasant to think one's friends are in possible danger, Mr. Deland," said Mrs. Castle- mon, softly, but without a qniver in ber voice. " Montgomery is a fine fellow !" Mr. Deland said, kindly, a sharp look in his eyes as he watched the emotionless face beside him, wondering if this were but the cloak of her pride or honest unconcern. "Besides, we owe him gratitude, you know, for having saved Miss Hallston's life. If not'on his own account, we must save him because of that !" He laughed, easily, as though he were amused, and paused for a moment at Miss Hallston's door where Mrs.Castlemon turned from him. "It is more pleasant to pay off such debts, you know, so far as one can !" "Yes," she said, and hervoice was suddenly cold. " An act of bravery should never be forgotten, Mr. Deland ; nor an act of cowardice !" Deland walked on down the hall to the staircase, well aware that Mrs. Castlemon's last words were a thrust at Montgomery's affair in Montreal. " She's very beautiful and wonderfully jolly to talk to," he said to himself ; " but a fellow'd have a pretty tough time trying to understand her ! She's got as many moods as a Turk ! There's a fine warm spot in her heart somewhere though. She's a friend to hold to !" " Hello !" exclaimed Jackson, who caught sight of him as he was passing through the outee, collar- ing him instantly. " Hello, I say, Deland ; what's the row ? Been invisible as a craw-fish since you went off with Mansfield ! Got a patient on your hands ? He looked pretty well demolished, didn't he ! And that was Miss Hallston came up with him ? Deuced pretty girl ! Come along to ray room will you, and give us a glimpse of you ! We won't lose you again in a hurry, old follow !" Mr. Deland shook his head, laughing. He was too well acquainted with the warm heart under this gay exterior to mince his words. " I can't, Jaokson," he said, decidedly. " If you'll come with me, and keep a quiet tongue, I'll put yon in the way of a sensation ! That'll please you, eh ? I thought I knew my game !" And still laughing, arm in arm, they went out upon the piazza. The lights from the parlor windows glimmered through the darkness upon the lawn, making fantastic figures over the drenched grass ; but be- yond the line of Mght all was as dark as the grave. Music and scraps of conversation and soft laughter drifted out with the flickering light, as the two stood on the steps looking off toward the lake and the mountain that shielded any mysrery it might hold. "Phew! You don't say!" murmured Jackson, when Deland had finished his story, told in few but graphic words. " Montgomery lost over thore, eh ? Tbey told UB some cock-and-bull story, that we be i lieved aB much as we would believe in ghosts. And I Mansfield's as low as that, and yon hs.ve your opinion ' a' cut the accidental shot, and the-mysterious shots the woman heard ! I doubt, though, if we find out anything about these last reports. If it was Daily who fired the shots, where did he get his rifle ? I saw him go off, and he hadn't such a thing as a rifle with him. Montgomery hadn't, either, you know. And, then, if it was Daily, he should have got in by this time. If you say so, we'll investigate without giving an alarm. Thero's such a mighty wind made out of a whisper, when there's nothing else to do l' They evidently heard nothing out of the way in there. Let's go to the kitchen and get a lantern or so, and go by ourselves. We can keep quiet about a thing if we choose, and the fewer the safer, you know. Mansfield's all right to leave, eh ?" " He was asleep when I came out, and likely to sleep for some time, poor fellow ¡"answered Deland gravely. " I think your plan a good one, Jackson. The less excitement the-better. Miss Hallston is worked up enough about it, and a big time and a big talk won't relieve her." " She isn't specially interested in Montgomery, is she?" asked Jackson. "I had my opinion of some other fellow being the luoky one, from things I've heard. Montgomery isn't the fellow to suit - her, I should think. He's not bad as to looks, and has a pretty big pile of the needful, you know, but he isn't just Miss Hallston's style, it seems to me. Of course, it's none of my business either way," added the good-natnred, loquacious fellow, but one gets a notion, as the Yankees say, and it sticks !" "Montgomery's rich enough, if that's all you want," said Deland, shortly as they entered the kitchen." Daily had not returned, hut they did not expect otherwise, and were not disappointed. They got the lanterns, with some trifling excuse, and went out again by the rear way, down around to the front, and across the lawn to the road, stumbling now and then over the rough ground, with only the dim light of the lanterns. They did not talk much going down the road toward the carry. Some indefinable sense of mystery set the seal of silence upon their lips. Many strange things occurred among the mountains ; each of the men had been through experiences that would thrill a listener if repeated around a winter fire with ghostly shadows on the wall, but this was different. It was some little distance to the carry, and although they walked as fast as was possible in the darkness and over the rough road, yet it was some few minutes ere they reached it. Nothing was stirring. Everything was quiet save the low lapp- ing of the water as the winds stole along the surface, and the cry of a night bird somwhere away up on the mountain. The men stood and listened, swinging their lanterns, now above their heads that the light might strike futher over the carry, now lowering it and looking along the ground for any trace of footsteps. Nothing out of the way seemed to have touched the quiet darkness or disturbed the low murmur of tjie water and the watch of the bird among the trees. " Hello !" exclaimed Deland, suddenly, lowering his lantern, and starting forward in considerable excitement. "What's this. Jackson? There's been a struggle or something here. Look at the footsteps thick in the mud-and the mark of a fallen body-and, by the Lord Harry, here are traces of blood ! What has happened, Jackson ?" His friend waa as excited as himself. He swung his lantern to and fro, stooping, the better to ex- amine the marks upon the soft ground. There was no doubt that a struggle of some sort had taken place there. FootstepB that had mingled and been trodden over, making it almost impossible to dis- tinguish one from another, were over a good bit of ground. Some dark stain, too, that Deland recog- nised at once as blood, trailed for u short distance beyond the spot toward the road. The men stood for a moment looking into each other's eyes, trying to read there some solution of the tragedy. "What do you suppose it is, Deland?" asked Jackson, after a pause, in an undertone, as though afraid even the night might hear of the great evil committed in its shadow. "It's terribly sug- gestive, and yet there is nothing definite to go upon. It may be Montgomery-poor old fellow ! and it may be no more than the struggle with some beast or other." " That is out of probability," returned Deland, steadily. " If it had been any animal, there would have been tracks of such. There is nothing here hut the marks of men. It is some horrible thing, I am afraid, Jackson. I don't know why I should think so, either,*but there has been so much of the mysterious lately-" "There'll be blue lights burning around your head presently, Joe! Come, what shall I tell the ladies, pray, when wo get back, and they ask for the solving of these wonderful shots ? You can see for yourself, there is nothing here but a lot of foot- prints that any one might have made, and a streak or so of blood, that Í3 more than half likely to be the blood of a deer." "Nevertheless, I don't like the look of it, George," said Deland, gravely, though he allowed his friend to lead him back toward the hotel, bia arm linked in his. " And I shall be uncommonly glad to see Montgomery turn np all right and satis» factorily." "As he'll do to-morrow at breakfast of course," said Jackson, calmly. " There isn't anything for us to do but get back and hush up any excitement the ladies may be undergoing. Besides, there's Mansfield may be needing your attention." "Well," they were back at the rear entrance again, and paused a moment on the doorstep, "you settle about these things, Jackson and I'll go up to Allan, stopping at Miss Hallston's door, to tell them what we have discovered-" " What we haven't discovered, you mean/' said Jackson, with hiB hearty laugh. At Miss Hallston's door Deland paused and rapped. There was a slight pauBe, and< then Mrs. Castlemon herself opened'it to him. He was quiet himself by that time, and told her quietly there waa nothing to fear frota the shots they had heard. "It was probably some hunting-party firing their salute to the hotel," he said, easily. " It is» too bad you and Miss- Hallston have been alarmed by it. There is really nothing to ffeau. As to Mr. Montgomery, it is probable that he will be afc breakfast in the morning as lively as ever. I trust; Miss Hallston has recovered." " You are very kind to have taken this trouble for ÜB," said Mrs. Castlemon, in her sweet, low, even voice. " I am glad you found nothing alarm- ing. One is liable to misconstrue such sounds at a time li'-e this. We shall be glad, indeed, to see Mr. Montgomery in his^old place to-morrow. Miss Hallston agrees with me in this wish, too. Yes, thank you, Mr. Deland, she is much better- quite herself, indeed ; but we think a little rest will be good for her." ** I am glad to hear it," he said, gravely. " She, too, will he at her old place at table to-morrow, I hope." " I only hope your patient will have recovered mnoh of UÍB strengtTTaiter tho night's res*,** added Mrs. Castlemon, with her swift though.'«, ior others. They bade each other good night. Deland returned to Allan's room. He had made np his mind to Btay with him through the night ; making np a hasty bed upon the floor with the help of one of the chambermaids, he did not fully undress, knowing that at any moment he might be needed at the bedside. He turned the light low down, but left a faint glimmer in the room, though shaded from Allan's eyes. Then, telling the chambermaid to send the boy Jim to him, he made I himself as comfortable as circumstances would per- mit. When the boy came up, Deland held a whispered conversation with him as to his being ready at any minute he might be needed during the night, with the promise of what looked to the boy a pretty gonerous reward for any such bit of night-work, and then locking the door, threw himself on the bed, to get what sleep he could. But sleep would not easily come to him after the strange events so crowded upon him. Through the dim light his eyes would go to the bed where his friend lay in that stupor that was not a healthy sleep, and thoughts would come to him of this and that and the other -that mad race of the runaway horses ; the cowardly man who had not moved to render assist- ance; the beautiful woman, with her ease of manner and sweet graciousness, mingling confusedly with the other and this last day's occurrence. " It's a deucedly queer thing, the whole lot of it!" he said to himself, turning on hiß pillow, and stead- ily trying to keep his eyes away from the other and keep them closed. "And, in spite of Jackson, I think it mighty strange why those tiacks should be there ! Of course, there is the possibility of its being as he argued ; but he's easy-going anyway and would solve it in eome way to get it off his mind." Still, he conld not sleep, and he could not keep his thoughts from that subject, nor solve the open- ing mystery that had so strangely drawn him in its hold. The light would glimmer in such a maddening way over the wall and flicker faintly across the carpet, reaching out in long, thin, ghostly shapes toward the bed and the face of the sleeper. It seemed to him he had lived a life time ere morning carne. But, he had lived but twelve Bhort hours at best, and there was little change in Allan's condition. He lay very still and white upon the pillows and did not rouse. (To be continued ) 