NOTES FROM EUROPE. [From our own Correspondent, j On Sunday, October 26, all Germany, with tbe Emperor at its head, celebrated the ninetieth anniversary of the birth of Hellihutt Karl Bernhardt, Count von Moltke, Field Marshal-General of the Prussian Armies, President of the Com mittee of National Defence, ex-Chief of the Grand General Army Staff. William H. was determined that extraordinary splendour should envelope the fete, and that honqurs hitherto reserved for Royal and Imperial personages should be shown ts the glorious veteran. The flags and standards of the troops in garrison at Berlin, and those of the regiments with -which Marshal yjn Moltke is specially connected, were presented to him at his house, as if to indicate that the supreme Chief of the armies of Prussia and all ■Germany wanted to step into the back ground and leave the first place and one of the attributes of the highest command tb'tlie organizer of Prussian victories. The Emperor himself, the Army Inspectors General, including the Sovereigns 'who exerdfee thope functions, the Field Marshals, the head of the General Staff, the Commanders of ftll th^'.'Afcmy Corps, called on the hero of the day to offer hiui their compliments. '-Reinforced military posts mounted guard ' at' his doors. ' Officers and soldiers appeared only in full regimentals, with the helmet. A grand banquet offered by the Emperor, a monster torchlight procession in which thousands of the inhabitants of Berlin took part, crowned the day. Already a grand "commers" of the Associations of German students had been held on the Thursday evening preceding. Professor Von Treitschke took part in it, and celebrated the close solidarity of the army and the University youth. A son of the Court preacher, Rogge, who is himself a military chaplain, was the orator of the feast. They celebrated many salamanders, shouted numbers of " hochs!" and heightened the glow of their patriotism by emptying numberless ! " schoppen" of beer. Marshal Moltke took part In all those manifestations with absolute impassibility. It seemed that no muscle moved in that parchment-like visage, on which old age itself seems to have lost the power of inscribing its progress. ■ Now, as twenty years ago, Count von Moltke is a marvel of silence. He likes not to waste his words. By a rare privilege he is receiv ing in his lifetime the homage which generally is reserved for the illustrious dead. The Duke of Wellington, who had not won lesB glory, and who to his military services had added political ser vices of the highest order, saw the London mob break the windows of Apsley House. He had to cease to live to be grandly honoured, for a whole nation to give him in St. Paul's Cathedral that magnificent funeral which has inspired Tennyson's fine verses. More happy in a measure, because he has lived longer, Moltke receives now the testimonies of unequalled popularity. Everything in him strikes the imagination of the Germans—his longevity, which makes him the equal of his late Imperial master, for whom two years and a half ago Germany celebrated also the nine tieth birthday; the soberness of his speech, that imperatoria brevitas which so well becomes great captains; the scientific manners of the great strategist, whose in spired calculations is that transcendental geometry which ,is called the art of war, have chained .victory . to the colours of his adopted country; the re collection of his adventurous youth ; his mission to Turkey, .the only defeat he knew in Asia Minor, thanks to the.lack of discipline and obedience of the Ottoman soldier and staff; in one word, the remem brance ever present and - carefully culti vated of those great campaigns-^Denmark, Bohemia, France. /It may-lie said that only one thing was wanting to the glory of the ninety-year-old favourite of this fete. German poetry seems to be under going a singular eclipse. It would appear that the atmosphere of the new'Empire is unfavourable to the muse. The. verses which well-intentioned papers publish on the occasion of public events, as the other day in honouring the Empress's thirty second birthday, are beneath notice. Field Marshal Moltke will go down to posterity without the powerful escort of an inspired bard. Caret rate sacro. The fact that the restoration of the Empire and the constitution of national unity have not called forth any poetical flight similar to that of 1813 and the wars of independence is not one of the least significant phenomena of German literary history. That is not all. Even as the Emperor was lavishing with a prodigal hand on the old soldier all these honours, it was impossible that all eyes should not have sought in the crowd around William II. and Moltke a figure not to be found. Prince Bismarck was absent. Twenty years ago when William I. celebrated the successes of his armies he joined in one toast the three men who had most con tributed to them. " I drink," said he, " to you, Count von Boon, because you have shaped my sword; to you, Count von Moltke, because you have guided its point; to you, Prince Bismarck, because you made its fortunate employment pos sible," Boon is dead; Bismarck is in disgrace. By overwhelming old Moltke with marks of favour the Emperor makes more evident by the contrast the treat ment inflicted by him on the ex-Chan cellor. The orthodox Greek Church of the Ottoman Empire has just had recourse to a weapon which had not been brought out of the ecclesiastical armoury for a very long time. All the territory subject to the Sultan has been placed under in terdict. Tnere will be no more religious services, no more administration of the Sacraments, no more preaching. The Churches are closed, the pulpits mute, the altars desolate. It is in some sort an arcliaeological revival of a very old process of canonical law, and the very modern imitation of a very new process of industrial warfare. The interdict is simply a religious strike in the parlance of our contemporary political economy. The clergy of the orthodox Greek Church have struck, that is what it all comes to. Many such strikes are mentioned in history. There was one against King John of England. There was one against Philippe -Auguste of France, the eldest son of the Catholic Church. One must read the. annalists of the times to realize the terrible effects of that wholesale excommunication of an entire people. Those precedents at first sight seem to flatter the pride of the de positories of ecclesiastical powers and to promise them considerable and immediate results. That conclusion would be false. The Holy (Ecumenical Synod should not have overlooked the difference there is between England and Fiance in the middle ages, CatholicKodunixifflSjas they were, as Turkey, a Mp&sulman; country.of the end of the nineteenth 'centnry. jThe: Greek Church isVnot toleratedin a State governed by the Calif, Mahoqust's Vicar,: the Commander, of the Faithful. (The giaours are not one- third of die popula tion of the Ottoman Empire.? Even in that minority the Orthodox Greeks do not represent one-third of the total. They have just seen the number of their faith ful attached to the patriarchate of Constantinople considerably diminished by the creation of three Bulgarian Bisho prics in Macedonia. The Bulgarian exarch,. that head of a sort of schism, has taken, from the Plianar millions of its dependents in European Turkey. It results from those facts that the interdict of the Holy (Ecumenical Synod will not be a uni versal strike, the black strike. While the Orthodox Churches are idle opposi tion, knobstick, or blackleg Churches, which differ from them neither by dogma, nor ritual, nor by outward appearances and the personal condition of the cleigy, will work overtime. That was the ex perience of the London dock strikers last year.', A strike cannot succeed if blacklegs come and take the place of the men out on Btrike. The Church of the Phanar-runs the risk of seeing its parishioners, whom the privation of the Sacraments will most powerfully affect, go for their religion to the establishment opposite. Does His Holiness the patri arch on .strike imagine that the Sultan, the Sublime Porte, the Divan, all people very indifferent to the religious aspect of a measure which concerns only Chris tians, will let their hand be forced by the mere 'fact that the Greek Orthodox Church has for the time being taken the key out of the lock and shoved it under the door ? No doubt the emotion will be considerable not only among the Greek subjects of Abdul Hamid, but in the whole, Hellenic world. The, moral reach of the interdict cannot be exaggerated. It is, to." say the least, a denunciation,of th6 pacific relations which have so long sub sisted between Ottoman's dynasty and the heads of orthodoxy. It is a violent state of things. The Porte in its turn will commit a very grave fault if it. allows the' causes: of such a conflict to be perpetuated. The elements of force and moral unity are not so superabundant in contemporary Turkey that she can with impunity, brave this storm in a chalice.' Signer Crispipees in the Triple Alliance the Conservative element par excellence of European' equilibrium. According to him Italy joined it only on the defensive as it were, and to parry the danger created by the Vatican. In his eyes the Triple Alliance is the bulwark of Italian unity, and at the same time of European peace. The Powers it leaves out. ought no less to' bless it than those admitted within its pale. There would be a good deal to say as to the historical exactness of that concept. But it was not history, it was politics that Signer Crispi was making at Florence. Oil that ground his theory may be freely acoepbed as a. basis for future action. What has just taken place at the Hague is a profoundly melancholy historical event. It is never a matter of indiffer ence to see the public career of tbe repre sentative of a great race closed. No doubt the House of Orange still lives in the person of the frail children on whose brow tbe crown of the Netherlands already projects its shadow. Yet Princess Wilhelmina will some day marry a Prince of another family, were it even her forty year-old cousin, the son of the Duke of Nassau, who does not belong to the branch of Orange, and if her descendants found a new dynasty it will no longer bo the blood of William the Taciturn, or of William HE. of England which will flow in their veins. It is a very grand thing for a princely race to be able to adorn themselves with the remembrance of such ancestors. Of all the dynasties of Europe there is not one that has had purer, nobler beginnings, origins more closely associated with the destinies of human liberty. To descend from William the Silent, from that Dutch Coligny, more fortunate than the Admiral, whose glorious blood, moreover, by a family alliance he mixed with that of his own posterity—from that grave, austere, and gentle hero, who was one of the purest incarnations of the spirit of the Reformation, is to have titles of nobility which tho offspring of so many "lucky soldiers" would seek vainly to attribute to themselves. To find in one's roll of fore fathers a Maurice of Nassau, a William 111\. of England, that champion of the independence of the Netherlands, of the constitutional liberty of England, that pro tector of the French refugees flying for concience sake, victims of the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, whom it would be easier to praise if Macaulay had not done it in such magnificent language— to have had the honour for three centuries of being closely bound to the history of that Republic of the United Provinces, which snatched foot by foot its political existence and religious liberties from the gloomy tyranny of Phillip II., strong by the chivalrous devotedness of his old Spanish bands and the treasures of the New World, as it conquered inch by inch its territory from the waves of the ocean, and which was the first to practice tolerance, offer ing a safe asylum to Descartes, Spinoza, Jurieu, Arnauld, Bayle, to the Jansenists of Utrecht, as well as to the proscribed Huguenots; to the first Freethinkers, as well' as to the Catholics themselves. That is a destiny truly to be envied. A ray of those vanished glories still illumines the darkness in which the life and the intelligence of the last King of the Orange dynasty are gradually and finally being extinguished. The Dutch people may be surg that the sympathies of all those „>:^hb&f;>ave the cult of ^souvenirs at'tbe Bampiiime as the care for.^ejfuturp will acppmpany them when they will; be compelled to separate from all$hat remained of jthat incomparable In France, in Paris, here the Chambers reopened on the 20th of the present month. The deputies are, as a rule, animated with a desire for serious busi ness, and have made short work already of a few Boulangists who made attempts at obstruction, as also of a few busy bodies, hungry for notoriety, who tried to interpolate Government on mere trifles. The Budget debate is now going on pretty smoothly, and there are hopes that the deficit will not be increased. The scandalous revelations in the Figaro, known as the "Coulisses du Boulangisme," have come to an end, and the author, after narrowly escaping death from his duel wounds and the typhoid fever combined, is now getting more dirty grist out of the same mill by publishing his abominations in book form. The Boulangist chiefs are quarrelling among themselves. - If we are to believe them no -one got a sou of the many millions of francs which the Duchess of Uzfes, and the German - Jew banker, Baron Hirsch, put into the conspiracy. The General himself swears he never got a farthing, and that he lost money by his attempts to betray the Republic to Prince Napoleon and to the Count of Paris. He says Naquet, the senator, must have had a pile. Naquet is furious, and protests it's a lie. They all remind me of the answer of Gringalet to Bil boquetin the "Saltimbanques"—"Have you taken any of the banknotes out of my pocketbook ?" "No; on the contrary, I've put some in." Bochcfort, with his usual wit, has just played a bad joke on his fprmer accomplices of the Boulangist Executive Committee, which makes them laugh.on the wrong side of their mouths. He has written an article in which the deputies elected as Bojilangists, and who have not remained faithful to Boulanger 'in. his deep downfall, are requested to .consult their electors. " It would be scandalous," says Rochefort, "for them to profit by a misunderstanding, to keep for three .years more a place paid 9,000 francs per annum, when they openly deny the man who put them into those places." A Paris reporter has been inqui sitive enough to go round and see half a dozen Boulangist deputies, and ask their opinion on Rochefort's proposal. They don't approve of it; besides, they don't admit that Rochefort meant them at, all, but others. Hence their m ! possuvinis. M. Mermeix, the author of the "Coulisses," is the most candid of all. He said to the reporter, "I was selected to stand for the seventh arroib dissement. Why the seventh ? . . . . I accepted, however, for I have always had a superstitious respect for the number seven and its multiples. . . ." That is witty and irrefutable ; the caba listic intervention of numbers is an answer to everything. There has been much inaugurating of statues this month in France. Delacroix has had a monument put up in the Luxembourg Gardens; Lamartinehashad a statue at M&con; and Camilla Des moulins, one at Guise, in the North. A number of senators and duputies now want one to be erected to Garibaldi in honour of the services he would have liked to render France during the war of. 1870-1871. It is not in Italy alone that the great condottiere is worshipped, but there he is deified. I have before me an Italian catechism of the Garibaldian cult, or of Garibaldolatry. It is entitled " Dottrina Garibaldina," and then under neath—"A catechism dedicated to Italian youth between fifteen and twenty-five years of age." It was printed at Genoa by Ricci,. Mazzini Gallery. It is divided into ten "lezione," which are the commandments of the Garibaldian Church. The first lesson is as follows, by question and answer: — "Make the 6ign of the Cross. In the name of the Father of the country, of the Son of the people, of the Holy Ghost of liberty. Ainen. .Who made you a soldier ? Garibaldi made me a soldier. To what end did Garibaldi create you a soldier 1 Garibaldi created me a soldier to honour Italy, to love it, and serve it. How does Garibaldi reward those who love and serve Italy? With victory. Who is Garibaldi? Garibaldi is agenerous spirit, bleBsed by heaven and earth. He became man to save Italy, beat the Austrians, and drove out the Bourbons." And so the parody goes on through all the ten lessons. 