OUR CALIFOSKIAN LETTER. [From our own Corresnoudeni;.! Tliia is the time when our citizens are taking ! their annual tiight into the interior, or eiiang ing their ^coastline residence at the Golden Gate for a strip of beach at Moateroy, Santa Cruz, or even as far Bouth as Santa Barbara. The town is somewhat dull in eonseciuence, and the absentees feel it as a sort of inferential eomp3imenfc that their personality 13 of such importance as to make even this slight im pression on the times. 1 do not blame the country-HeeKors, tor the ruralsigbts and sounds I are refreshing with us in tho ' leafy month of ! .Taae.' and as Keate saye — j To ose ?rtio has been long in city penu ' ! °Iis very sweet to look into tho fair ? And open lace at heaven— to Creative a pui-ei- 1 i'uM iu the smile cf the blue fiiinamenfc. I Like the rest I have liad my outing and feel all j the better for it. I.wiote some time ago of ths I almost numberless medicinal springs to be ' found in this state. My fancy was to visit one I of these in Meadoeino county, called, the Vichy, } aiter the town and watering-place iu the j department of Allier, France, so much re- ! sorted to on accouulr of its warm mineral | springe. Like its French namesake the Cali- j foinia 'Vichy is a tepid spring, only its waters ' show by analysis a doubla quantity of carbonic acid gas as compared with those of the longer knowu fcpjings in the old world. They issue, from fcoueath aa immense limestone rock aud ] form a clear, siiiuiii!;- jrool, from tho depths of I which liuj gas finds its way with a bubbling | noise to the surface. It was a conceit of mine : as I watched this geutle troubling to compare : it to that made at stated intervals by the angel : in the waters of Bethesda when the sufferers in old Jewry stc-yx^ed in ana were healed. Cer- j taittly it had much of this kind o£ interest to the anxious-looking invalids whom I found j seatel arouud the brink of the Meudocino | rwujatoriiim or batliiiig in the invigorating i wat-eis. It may be added that a bath in this water is a luxury which cau scarcely be ; desciibed. From the source under the lime stone rock streams are led into bathing-tubs or ' troughs *unk iuto the earth, aud each stream : flows over the body of the bather unceasingly wldle 1-e remains iu the trough, eatoring at the head and passing o-.it at t\v- i-j-j{. It 13 like taking a bath in champagne. You know that by touching champagne froai which the effervescence has gone with a biscuit de Hheims or a cube of sugar you can ciu.se a rc nev.-al of its life, as it w*;ro. So you will Iind a champagne-like foam if you beat thia water with your hands while lying in its embrace, and wiien you emerge from it your body will be covered v.ith small gaseous globules — ;;. sort of uilver Hygui&u; armor. After a fe,v days' tre&Uneiit;, bathmg a.ad drinking the water frt-ely, you b-£in a sort of new existence. Thb demons of dise;ise c^ase to tear you, and froai trie niiiid all caro for the time being drops away. Ukiah. the sm:ill town m the vicinity of wliich theso spriiiffs are located, i3 ono 6t the oldest in California, being jiettled about 1S49, and the place seems to retain all its origiiial priniitivfiiesH. It is the cjuuty ssat of Munclouino, and when I passed through it was court dajr. So great a mi:iii-or of natives hu.6 coiicfri-gated :it ti:e village, and the train had adried such a largo coutiage-nt of os cursiouiits from tl.e ' U^y' — as San Frau^Lsco ;s always callwi in t!;o interior -tliat there w.i.h no room for thorn in the iun. The village* matruBs ni'.-t this difficulty by extemporLsing tablea in the vxjuithoiiKe yard, whert- they fed tlie hungry with clean, well-cooked, iind ?wholesome country fare. To the San Frau ciaco excursionist, escax^ed from hia wicked ftud .idultei-ating town, such pure food was in iUelf a revelation. We have had a mild sensation ia the arrival of Commander Ballington Booth, second sua -jf the Salvation (.ienerai U-ooth, and his wif-:1, Zilrs. Maude Charlesworth Booth, whose businens it ia to inspect the work of tlio 'Ai-my' here and in the United States generally. The parties arrived yesterday, the 25th, and &3 arrangement^) had been previously made they were received with a good deal of parade and oatcntatiou. Tho line passed along Market-stroet from the city front, whe:e the Booths had landed from Oakland, to the Powell-street theatre, aud there the exercises were held. The cfneers and non-coinniis3:oned officers, soldiers (male and fesnale) in their quasi-military uniform, with banners nying and music playing, prcsr.-nted a very warlike appearance as they marched. J5o much so, that one was tempted to ask, with the prophet Isaiah, 'Who 13 this that comnth froai Kdoin, with dyed g;irments from lijxrah — that is glorious in his apjjarel, ti'avclling in tho {rreatne3S of his strength '!'' At the theatre a dense crowd assembled, and n.ftor two or three '?. *: volleys' had been fired (as ono of the adju- I larilH uillcrl the cliosrs of welcome) and a son^ and prayer Rervine had linen held, Hooth madu a spfit/oli which was marked by a good deal of gesticulation and dramatic action. Ho is an ' easy, graceful, and evidently practised speaker, ' plontiful in anecdote, and he easily held his audience. He dwelt upon the fact that tfru j Salvation Army movement had passed the 1 ptago of criticism, and that the American [ people arc waking up to find it a great moral lovor, A-mighty engine to lift the world from sin. ' How do wo stand in America to-day H'' : he asked, in the course of his speech. { 'Eleven hundred and seventy-five eornrnis- ; sioned officers Lave visited 517,090 families ; ' 4,500,000 ppoplo have attended opsn-air meet- ' ings in 33 months; IS, 0911,000 have attended indoor meetings in the eame time. If tho Salvation Army has reached one million ppoplo a month, it is worth every dollar, every effort put forth.' Ho ended his remarks with the aphorism, ' If you can't save a man by a silken rope, save him by : a hempen one.' The keynote of Mrs. Booth's address was '.sympathy.' That is what is wanted to reach and interest the fallen. She asserted tliat the Salvation Army was doing the work that the churches had left undone, which, by the way, is only true in a degree. Mrs. Booth, you will remember, when Maud Charlesworth, suffered persecution as a Salva tionist, and, with General Booth's eldast daughter, was expelled froai Switzerland when attempting to plant the Salvation organisation in that country. She is a typical ordinary looking English woman, with a broad face, marked by an expression of serious eam&jt-; uess, and witli a nose slightly retrousse. The face of her husband does not impress oue .=?» favorably. Hchas the expression of a confidence man — a wort of cross between a London :Arry and a swell mobsman. I do not say this out of any disrespect for him, but, as a writer in the now defunct 1'razcr's ifayvzinc ones said in a monograph on Leigh Hunt's portrait, 'I'm sorry, but I caunot help it, that Leigh's picture affects me as having a pick- pocket air about it.' Another distinguished visitor, who catae to hand the day before the Booths, was Prince George of Greece, a muscular young scion of royalty who stands 6 ft. 3 in. in his stockings. He was travelling companion to the Czare witch, and when the pair were in Japan saved Russia's Crown Prince from being assassinated by an insane 01.1 infuriated Japanese policeman. The prince came to this city directly from Japan, and has put up at the Palace Hotel, where the interviewers — the condors of the press— have fallen afoul of him, and made him tell all he knows about the attack on the Gsarewitch. The prince was very niodesb concerning the matter. 'There was not a great deal in it,': he said, ' and so much im portance ought note to be attached to the affair.' The Jinritzka mea had the Czare witch well in their power before the prince got *o tho scene of the assault. He merely knocked \hff eword out of the assailant's hand. He believed the attack was the result of some kind ef plot, and having said this courteously waived all farther dissuasion of the subject. The prince registered at the hotel as Count Tolstoi of Russia, one of his many titles. He is manly looking, and was hail fellow, well met, with all the tourists on board the steamship Gaelic that brought him. over. He proved himself a good prince at cards, although he did not play baccarat, and visited the beverage bazaar now and then with the rest of the boys. Alto gether, as one of the passengers expressed it, 'he behaved like an affable drummer, and was not a bit stuck up.' Another visitor now on the register at the palace is his Imperial Highness Prince Kotahito of Japan, who has just finished liis military studies in France, and is returning to his native land to take an office suited to his rank and in a liut with, his studies. Ajmong the many fads that seem to crop up during the vacation season of the year, as this is in San Francisco, is that of mesmerism under the new name o£ hypnotism. Ib is spreading among our susceptible aud unthink ing people like a prairie fire through dry grass. A few sharp fellows possessing glib tongues, velvety black eyes, and a smattering of psychical talk are taking advantage of the new caprice, and are having no end of fun in society's drawing-rooms with the dudes and the belles who think it a correct thing to 'in- vestigate the phenomena,' another way of saying that they yield themselves willing subjects to the influence of minds stronger than their own aud pleased victims to wits sharper than they possess. These hypnotised individuals do the most extraordinary things it is true. Modest aud timid girls b?eome brazen and insulting to their best frieuds. cowardly dudes are courageous, spendthrifts parsimonious, and misera scatter their coin all over the carpet— that is providing they happen to nave any about them. Under the in fluence of the hypnotist contracts are entered into and agreements signed bv the most careful business men, which, if perfected while they were free from the iuiiuenco, would mean financial ruin. I c-ame across a ease the other day where an Englishman pos sessing this power was passing pieeesrof brown paper, the size of a Bank of Kugland note, f ov any denomination he pleased, and change was given on his own statement of its value. He was arrested whils exercising thia proS table psychical function at tho box-office window of a theatre by a detective who had had him under espionage. And now comes another instaueo of 'pretty Sliss Wilson,' as the San Fran cisco papers call her, hailing from a place called Eos Gatos (the Cats), Santa Clara. County, in this State, just discovered in San Francisco after a week's absence from, the ! paternal roof, by her brother aud sister. She is the daughter of well known and respectable ! people, aud has always been well behaved, j modest, and diligent in her studies. Before ' leaving this eity she told a very singular story I of the days sbo passed under the spall of ! some strange hypnotic influence which ] held her so completely under control that ' during the whole time she remained in her j room m. a lodging- house and abstained from food. Tho girl's statement was borne out bv her emaciated condition ami by the testimony of these who saw her at y; Mrs. Gray's lodging IiGuse, the place v/huro she stayed for a week. I She told her brother and sister, when they found ! her, that she kit home in the morning under j an influence that seemed to come frum one of I her schocl-matea and that overpowered her. I She was directed by this ? influence to go to ! San Francisco, to 113, Montgomery-street i (Mrs. Gray's). So, also, was she moved to '- shut herself up ia a room and remain there. The case was thoroughly sifted by the police, and the girl closely interrogated, but no evi- i deuce has been so far elicited to throw die- ' credit on her strange story. What can we say about this? Must we ascribe it to a diseased brain ? ov are there, as Hamlet eug- '? gestcd to Horatio, 'more things in heaven '? »nd earth than are dreamt of in your philo- ? Eophyr' I Being in 11 personal vein I feel moved -o ? mention the death of Catharine N. Sinclair, \ widow of the great American tragedian Edwin | IForrett, which took place ia New Yoi-k ou ? June 23. She was SO years of age. I ratatioii '? tho case because Sirs. Forrest (nee Sinclair) ' made a good deal of San Francisco history in her day, when she became an actress attev her divorce. She was an Englishwoman, daughter ?jf Johu Sinclair, a famous vocalist, and Forrest married her in London during his' professional visit to that city in 1S37. She was very hand some, aud he was proud- of his bride ; 'but the. devil tittered his connubial paradise after they returned to the United State in the shape of a good-looking actor named George Jamison, whoso famous 'Consuelo' letter, which the jealous hus band found among his wife's papers in a bureau drawer, played au important part in the divorce suit thai followed. 3 asiisou was vary much in love with hia friend'.i wife when ht^ j ?r rote — Adieu ! adieu ! and when tiiou'rt gone My joy &ha;!l lie made u? alone,; Of calling liack with fancy's rl'.arm Those linicjron hours when in my arm, Clusp'd Oonsuelo. This theatrical T.*on Juan met the fate to which IHckens, in his ' Mf^nbey and Son,' con demned the amorous bookkeeper Cark^r — :ift was run over by n locomotive and his body crushed out of recognition. Uuriug her stay in San Francisco Mrs. Jiincbir — slic had rem-ivod her maiden namr- — managed the Metropolitan Theatre from 185t till tiie early part of 1S5C-, and was associated with many intriguw, all of t which were shady in their character. She was a better manngt-rfss than she was an actress, and made Fom.e nsor.f-y, :'??- she was very Hk--Iy to do. The time mentioned was thv puling epoch of theatrical busincsw in file Uoldvii State. Ab, well 1 If T were disposed to be reminis cent theie would be r.o cud to tho ghosts thronging aVout my pen, for we have ji;=t liad a visit from I*tr. Itichai-d .T. Hintrin, formti-'y editor of the Lrcnhin Post- in this city, but now connected with the- Department of Agriculture as special agent in charge of the Irrigation enquiry.- He is in possession of a groat num ber of facts in connection with thia interesting and important subject, gathered after travel ing through the south-vreRtcrn states.* aud ho now proposes to visit Nevada, idalio, Mon tana, Utah, Colorada, and the Black Iliils be fore he returns to Washington. Mr. Hinton has discovered tliat the great Colorada J-l:iteau i.-; among the possibly arable lands. ~ Hitherto this vast extent of country h.is been put d'jwa as desert because it was believed that even \\\ ith irrigation crops could not l-e raised upon it on account of its altitude. The entire plateau is at an average elevation above the level of the sea of 7,000 ft. He liad found that under similar conditions, at the same altitude aud in the same latitude, irrigation 13 a success. This means the addition of 50,000,000 acres to the pot- sibly arable area of the United States. Mr. Hinton had found irrigation successful at an altitude of 7,00!i ft. in the Maxwell Grant. He had mode a i-ersonal examination of the system there and convinced himself. At the height of 7,800 ft. above sea level he found 5,000 acres under cultivation, where alfalfa* wheat, grains of other kinds and hardy fruits v.-ero growing, while in sheltered canyons there wore .nectarines, peach«-s. and a;iric-ot? even up to a height of 8,000 ft. In this connection it may bo mentioned that the prospective; harvest in California, both in c*-rcals, fruits, and roots, promises to bo the largest known for many years. Although with trembling, our farmers are rejoicing ; for, if no untimely rains f?31, they may, many of them, ho enabled by this season's crops to got eat of debt. Charity, or sueli a love for one's fellow creatures as leads to endeavors for the relief of tho needy and unfortunate, take3 many shapes, all of them pleasant to contemplate. The latest association for this praiseworthy purpose in the city is called 'Tho King's Daughters.' A number of young laJics, ranging from IS to 25 year.=, have banded together and established a home for incurables, devoting themselves to personally caring for and nursing thfiiv helpless charges, generally old and paralytic women. K one of tho actively-benevolent maidens v/ho have taken up this duty has any means. Thoy start out simply trusting in Providence to pro vide for the wants of the institution, and p_s their faith is large and their disposition's ardent to do good they feel that confidence in taing successful -which is a rofiox of their strong desire to succeed. In other words, the wish is father to the thought, and although they may occasionally nieet -vrith a rebuff they -u-iil not be disheartened. 1 am afraid, though, there is not much business knowledge among these charitable girls. Their first set-back was to find they liad squatted on property that be longed to the city, and which the Firr Depart ment wants for the establishment for a'new engine and truck company. Nov.- the Kinsr's Daughters are yrayuig to the Pathtr of all Bounties to soften tho supervisors' hearts so that they may allow them to remain, and to open the eyes of the chief 'A 'ths Fire- Depart ment that he may see a more eligible site to: his tire-quenching apparatus than the one they have appointed. Our theatres have done remarkably wsll during tho past mouth. Kot-.vithstantllng the cry of dull times aud that everybody vra=i in ? the country the auditoihans have all b^aii filled, and tiie managers are consequently happy. At the lialdviin a company of Gc-rinaji dwarfs cr snidgets, called I ' Tho Liliputianr-.' are delighting our i Deutscher and Germano-Amcrican popula i ticn, by their estraordinai-y acting in a queer conceit called 'A Pupil in Magic' Some of these little ones are only 28 finches in statute ; , they arc- pec-ket editions of the vis comica ; but ! they can jjsake people laugh as heartily as . Burton ever did an Araerk- an audience, or as ; Toolo does an Ecglifrh one. Charles Frohman's ; company ot players have attempted Sas-dou's I ' Diplonjaoy:I at the 2vow California ; but ? failed because the piece was miscast ; now I they aro doing better with an American ; comedy called 'Men and Women.'' If the 1 truth bs told the company is more in touch and at home with the American article tiian they arc- with the French author's work. The Bush-street; is giving us sensationalism alter nated with farce comedy ad miuscmii. When ! the spectator is not horrified at seeing people j apparently done into slabs and boards by the j circular of a sawmill, his soul is sickenei j by such a flower of rhetoric as 'I'm j a bad man ; when. I want a cold day I I bite a piece out of the suu.' The Alcazar is 1 playing Frederick Bryton and company in j American plcvs suc-h as 'Forgiven,' 'The j Streets of Kew Yorlc,' 'The Masque of Life,' I and others. A new American opera called j ' Nenago' has been brought out at the TivolL j It is what the Italians call refaciarMnlo— both ? the libretto and the music have done duty be : fore. The Qrpheum patrons are listening to descriptive lectures fcy Mrs. Doitald Downie. 