VOICE OF THE FLYING DAT. [By WALTER BESANT.] What do people want in their newspapers? One might find a thousand answers. But the only practical answer is to be obtained by getting a really popular paper and analysing its contents. This I hare dona for myonn curiosity. The paper I hare taken in is one of very wide circulation. 'Whether it is a London or country paper does not matter. It costs one penny. It consists of 96 columns and contains 125,000 words, very nearly as much as an ordinary three-volume novel- Only you must not think, as people usually do, that all three-volume novels are of the same length. The arrangement of the matter is not, so to speak, hard and fast. That is to say, there are surprises. Next to a column of domestic news will come one of foreign intel ligence. And there are whole columns of paragraphs — news and personalities — for which one would think that all the papers of the whole world must be ransacked. As for the division of foreign news, which in the Tints takes up generally a whole page and a. half, or an eighth part of the reading apart from advertisements, in this paper it takes up three columns and a half, or about a twentieth part; home news of a political kind, seven columns, or about a tenth part; law and police, twenty columns, or a fifth; fiction, four columns; poetry, half a column; original paper, three columns; answers to correspondents, six columns; the garden, three columns; book reviews, half a column (!); gossip, fifteen columns; odds and ' ends, two columns; sport, three columns : the volunteers, one column; the markets, one column; and clippings, two columns. The paper is a very good paper, and it may very well be taken to exhibit the popular mind. Observe, therefore, that the people don't buy books—you're got to belong to the other people j before you buy books; that the people like to j read about crime and its consequences; that they like general gossip; that they are fond of J gardening; that they are equally fond of sport; that foreign politics interest them but little, and the state of the markets interest them less. "As for myself," a lady observed to me the other day, "I hardly like to take up a paper. It is fall of'ead&nd; miserable things.'" iso it certainly is. Full of miserable things—in quests, trials, polios cases, suicides, murders, forgeries, insurrections, famines, inundations, riots, and political party speeches. The last of course are the saddest things of aIL It ia in the nature of history—rather the day by day history than Grand History with capital letters—to be foil of sorrows. Happiness, you see, wants no chronicle. When a country is prosperous, when the world is at peace, the newspapers are profoundly dull; the great metropolitan jouxnal? sink to the level of the Poughkcepsie Gazette ; but for the occasional death of a wealthy citizen they would be in tolerable. But there are always little excite ments —the misery of the detected sinner; the example of the prodigal; some injustice; Eome thieving ; and really the world is so full of thieves that the papers can never, as long as they live, be really duu. I Take, again, the quiet happy life which some times lingers on, like the sunshine of an August day, to the very end. Can we chronicle that life? Can we put a paragraph in the pipers Baying that John and Mary are 60 years of age, and that they love each other as much as ever they did, and that their children have turned out well, and that the work of their hands has prospered ? No. It is only when John gets run over—when Mary dies—when one of the boys is disgraced—that this couple appears in the papers. It is the same with nations. So long as they have no ware and no insurrections the papers let them alone. Wbo has ever heard of Switzerland? Nobody. Who knows the Norwegians? Nobody. History is the record of crime, of disasters, of wars, of rebel lions, of fires and famine, oi plague and pesti lence. Of late a few other things have been added—inventions, science, and books. But still the staple of history and of the daily press are those ugly things above set forth. The same lady complained of the sadness of modern fiction. She says that there is a cer tain magazine in which one heroine at least is murdered by the author every month. Let us hang that author. Bat she is quite tight. Fiction is becoming sad. Why? One may suggest two or three reasons. For instance, the world has grown sad; youth, even, is sad; the old rollicking merriment is quite gone; if such a man as Theodore Hook were to appear among us we should stare at him in wonder. Next, pathos is easier than humor; for one man or woman who can write a humorous, merry, laughable, high spirited 6tory, there are a dczen who can write a melancholy story. It is eas-y; it is effective; editors'like a sorrowful etory : the public like to weep. Yet, my friends, when they do get a man who can make tbem laugh, how they do go for that Bian ! There is one Budyard Kipling; but of Mary Wilkine (whom I love) there are a dozen. We read our Mary Wilkins and we cry; we take our turn in patience for our Mary j Wilkins; but for copies of our Budyard Kipling we fight. It is a great thing to make the people cry, but it is greater to make them laugh. I have been reading a book extremely clever and very life-like. It should be presented as a lesson book to all rich men and to all who desire as the first thing in the world to become nch. The book is called "Caesar's Column;" it is a story, by Ignatius Donnelly, of the twentieth century. The upper classes, not an aristocracy of birth or of intellect, but of riches, have completely subjugated the rest of the people; they have reduced them to a con dition of abject and hopeless wretchedness. They give them the barest wage that will enable them to subsist; they have got a strong police, repressive laws, and a strong army on their Bide; they allow no meetings; worst of all, they have got the press on their side. The rest you may Team for yourselves. It is the situation alone which I suggest for your con sideration. Will a time ever come when rich men will be absolute masters? If so God help the world I For then such a position as that described in this book would inevitably follow. I think we could get over the sweating and the repressive laws; we should rise and trample them down, the thing which would kill the world and keep it dead would be the treason of the press. No freedom of speech, no freedom of meeting, no freedom of the press! Think of what these things mean. And of all these three mighty forces in this new civilisation of the nineteenth century, which is nothing short of the emanci pation of man, by far the mightiest has hitherto been the freedom of the press. If that were stopped, if without any laws to stop it, editors ana proprietors should sell them selves and their papers to the ride which has the money so as to silence the side which has none, I believe that the situation described in this book would actually follow. The degra dation of the press; the venality of the press— there is no danger, of all the dangers which constantly threaten the advance of the world, which is co terrible as this —which would in flict such awful mischief upon the world. This is a tale of the metropolitan police. 11l happened yesterday, that is to say it is hap pening to-day, and will happen again to morrow. There are two sisters, one of them, a widow between 30 and 40 years of age, is a dressmaker in partnership with an unmarried woman of her own agd. Both parties are be yond reproach or suspicion. The widow's sister, a much younger person, is housemaid to a lady living in a London suburb. She has been in the same place for six or seven years, and she enjoys the fullest confidence of her mistress. One unlucky evening, her master being away, she took a night out to see her sister, the widow above mentioned. They went together to a music halL The place was full; they bad to eit quite at the back; the girl tcok'off her hat and jacket and held them in her lap. On the bench before them sat a working man with his wife. The fellow kept getting up, going to the bar for a glass of beer and returning. According to the dressmaker be was already muzzy with beer, when he suddenly turned round and caught the girl by the wrist. *' I've got you now," he said, " Fve felt your hand in my pocket all the evening." A policeman was called, and the girl was marched off to the nearest police-station, j Here the charge was entered, and the girl was locked up for the night. Let us remark at this stage one or two points. A policeman ought to know very well that a servant cannot possibly pick pockets: only those pickpockets who have been trained in that profession. Ktxt. what eort of pocket picking was that with which the girl was charged? The man Lad got a pocket placed behind the usual posi tion for safety. Imagine thie pocket, tightened by the curve of the figure and the attitude of sitting, and think of the absolute impassibility of even a trained pickpocket getting nis fingers to the bottom of the pocket and extracting 4a. 6d. in separate coins. No one could do it; the thing is impossible; yet this is what a girl, unskilled and untaught in the art of picking pockets, was charged with doing; the working man said .so. He said that he had had his pocket picked of four shillings and sixpence. Only two shil lings, it is true, were found in the girl's puree when she was searched. Next, the impossi bility of the crime being apparent to any pur son with the least power of reasoning, comns the question—Was it not possible to cemmnni cate by telegram with the girl's mistress T Is there no telegraphic connection between police offices? A telegram would have 'instantly settled the question of her identity and pre- Burnable respectability, because, as I said be fore, pickpockets are trained and taught, not born, and servants who may steal wine and beer and mutton do not and cannot; pici pockets. Or was it not possible for a police man to go with the dressmaker to her house and establish at least her respectability ? Not at aIL Kok the least stop was taken; the girl was locked up in a beastly police cell, swarming with vermin, all the night. In the morning she was brought before the magistrate. She had simply lost her wits with terror and shame. She could only gasp— she could say nothing. Her going into the box also seems to nave lost her head! The magistrate remanded tbe girl for a week and refused bail, unless to the tune of forty pounds. How on earth was a humble dressmaker to get forty pounds ? The working man was present to eive evidence. He had felt tbe girl's fingers in his pocket; be had lost four and Bis. Back went the girl to prison, no longer weeping, but dazed. Ivow again there was plenty of tune to prove the truth of the girl's assertion. A telegram, the dispatch of a policeman to the girl's mistress, anything would have done it. The mere reasoning power of an intelligent n.an would have done it, as we have seen. The girl's master returned; she waa bailed out by him; a solicitor was procured. When the girl was again brought op the working man, observing the solicitor, remarked tliat he should "jack it up," and did, retiring from the court with hw wife. The girl eras not, therefore, placed in the dock, and weut home with her friend-". The solicitor has bent in a bill for six or seven pounds, I believe. _ That is a tidy pull for a servant. The working uian and his wife aie haid to have received five shillings a day each as uitne&.-6.5. The girl has had a shock that will be remembered all her life, and as to the intelligence and the humanity of all concerned I leave you, dear reader, to judge. For, as I have said twice already, if there is one thing more certain'than another, no servant girl ever yet picked pockets, and ttill lees would a servant girl try to poke her : hands down to tbe bottom of a long and tight ! pocket to pick out coins. If I were that servant girl I would draw up the case briefly and pre sent it at the police court and ask for that seven pounds out of the Poor Box. Tbe appearance of a name in the third column of the Tiriui— the aame name, but not the same man—reminds me of the sad story of my old friend Alick Mac Adam, a Highlander, of the Clan Chattan, and how be lost a fortune through . . . but you shall heat, : Alick had a great-aunt who lived in Scotland. She was a very ancient lady, and she had a property which, by reason of her always living within a third of her income, had become very considerable indeed by the time she reached her 90th year, when she died. She was a very serious person, and, I believe, a member of the U.P. Church, unless she was one of Mr. Barries " Auld Lichts." She made no secret of her preference for this grand-nephew over and above all the rest of her relations on ac count of the serious turn which in eariy youth distinguished him from his compeers. His uncles had been far from serious: one or two of them indeed had shown deplorable worldli ness; his jaunts had betrayed frivolity; in various directions ; this boy alone was serioua. As happens to most young Scotchmen, he presently went abroad to one of the colonies, lie remained abroad for six years. His serious turn—bat this of course his great aunt, with whom he corresponded, could not know—took another kind of turn, a turn for the worse — what shall I say ?—a lamentable turn. He be came, in fact, exactly like his friends and com panions; he danced and be flirted, he was ! teen at horse races, be laid bete upon the horses, he played cards, yea, even baccarat, Ico, and nngt-tra; he seldom refused the proffered whisky and soda. But these sad facts, I (?ay, bis great aunt could not suspect from the tone of his letters, which remained serious. In fact, aa he himself said, it was impossible to write to her in any other lan guage. As well offer a sermon to tbe editor of Punch, and expect to get it inserted! The time came when be _ was able to run home for a year's holiday. The first thing he did, after a little spell in London—no doubt on the serious side of London —was to go dorm into Scotland and pay a visit to hie ereat aunt. He foond her still in tbe possession of all her {acuities— which waa, of couiee, a great joy to him—a little more feeble, and if anything more serious than ever. She herself read the chapter in the evening, and conducted the family devotions. She did not forget, however, that "the more serious a Scotchman is, and her nephew looked very serious indeed, the greater is bis devotion to whisky, so that she placed the matarhdg im the table and invited Alick to mai&ben;/fiia seriousness. She then conversed upon thesab jects dearest to her, while he listened. Sat ehe was attended—which was a new thing—by an extremely pretty girl, partly servant, partly companion, who waited upon her, carved for her, poured out the tea for her, read to her, and took care of her. And while the ancient lady discoursed Alick's eyes rented plea&urably; upon the comely Utad and pretty fase of .this detectable maiden. At ten o'clock the old lady rose. It was time for her to retire. She wished her nephew goodnight and went upstairs, followed by her companion. Alick gave her an arm to the foot of the stair?. When she reached the top the companion ran down again in search of something. Alas for the seriousness of young men ! The serious grand nephew met that damsel at tbe bottom of the rtairs with outstretched arms and imprinted an unhallowed kiss, as he enfolded her form, upon her blushing blow. It was a momentary iniquity, yet . A withered screech —an elderly screech —inter- rupted the sinner. The grand nephew looked up. It was bis great-aunt looking over the banis ters. She Tiad seen it. The most serious member of his family returned tc the whisky with the conviction that his doom was sealed. He passed the night in*reproaches of the bitterest kind. Why—why—why had he not ravithed that kiss out of the old lady's sight? In the morning he was received with frigid silence. Tbe other culprit was not visible. After breakfast he took leave of his aunt. She gave him a little bundle which she hoped he ! would receive in a becoming frame of mind, j Be did. He opened the packet in the train. and found that it consisted of tracts. "I threw them out of window," be told me, "and the dear old lady only just lived long enough to change her will/ One or two letters have been sent to me enquiring into the double dummy ghoW story ; I can only reply that it is quite as true as any other story of the same kind, and in fact, I can say that it is a great deal truer than most stories of the kind. Tbe society of Psychical Research has got hundreds of such stories all arranged, numbered, and classified. The odd thing about ghost etories is that you may invent as many as you please, but you can never invent one of which its exact parallel does not sometime or other crop up, either in books or in talk. Thus I once invented a very pleasing Eton-—at least it pleased me —of a young lady gnoit who used to appear in head and hands only. She had no clothes of the fashion, you see, and ra? ashamed of her old fashioned frock. Very welL Tbe other day a real ghost of this kind came to me from India. There was an Englishman on a journey who found himself one night with the apitarent pros pect of Meeping in the open. A native, however, told him of a- deserted bungalow where he might tind shelter, at least. He sought the place and found it deserted and empty, but with a roof still able to do its duty. There upon he made up a bed and prepared to pa3s tbe sight, somehow or other, in the house. His servants got him some dinner and he lay down, his night light burning. In the middle of the night he heard a tinkling as of bells, and starting up he saw the etrangest sight possible. A pair of feet, brown small feminine feet, the ankles laden with silver bangles, was dancing. Above the ankles nothing; no ghostly robes, no figure, nothing. Only t>vo feet dancing. That, and nothing more. Why the feet remained to haunt this bungalow; what history belonged to the feet; who was the last man that lived here; of all these points my in former was ignorant Given the end of the story, find out tbe beginning. The problem 13 j is open to the solution of any one. ' There is, or was, going on a great discussion j in two great London papers on the drink ques tion. Some doctors maintain that alcohol is a poison. Others, that it is most useful as an addi tion to food, if taken in moderation. Con sidering: that all the world takes alcohol, except a email number of total abstainers in this country and in America; considering further that abstinence has only been preached for fifty years or so; considering further, the num ber of old men who have always taken some kind of alcoholic drink; and considering that it has been found impossible to prove that temperance men enjoy better health, or do better work than moderate drinkers, I for one. shall go on drinking moderately as long as I can. To take the pledge seems to me a confes- Bion of weakness, it proclaims that your will is bo feeble that you cannot resist the temptation to get drunk. -If that is unhappily the case by all means take the pledge. But do not, if you please, call me all kinds of bad names be cause I establish the corkscrew on a proper footing, and open daily—even gaily—my bottle of good Bordeaux. 