?PT?1T»4VS PT.AV The Argus, dealing with the second day's play, says : — ' Theintercolonial match between Victoria and South Australia was continued on the Melbourne Cricket Ground yesterday, and the interest in the match, m view ot tbe lacs that it was an off day, was well maintained, over 3,000 people being present. The weather, unfortunately, was not nearly so good as on the previous day, and at one time it seemed likely that play' would be stopped. However, there was only a fewminutes' interruption to the play, and the rain that has so far fallen will not interfere with the wicket. The desire to see one of the greatest, if not actually the greatest, batsmen in the world continue his innings had no doubt a good deal to do with the large and early attendance. Phillips and Trumble com menced the bowling, the first score being a glance tc leg by Giffen for 4 off Trumble's bowling. It was more than a figure of speech to say that the South Australians had knocked the corner off the ball, and after a couple,. of hits the umpires called for a new one. One of Trumble's got up almost level with Giffen's shoulder, but with an effcrc he scored from it. The play was slow, however, Hiscock being especially cautious. Phfllrps once got very close to his wicket. Next over Hiscock touched' one which rose slightly higher than ordinarily. - He put it just clear of Blackham, but not of Trumble, and short-slip took the catch, the figures on the board being 6 — 11 — 287. Noel was next in, and Phillips at once tried him with a fast yorker, which is his special weak ness. It did not work this time, however. Giffen cut Trumble over point's head, a strike which many English batsmen now adopt as the beat means of scoring from off-theory bowling, and in which T. C. O'Brien, the Middlesex bat, is especially successful. Twice in succession Giffen hit Trumble hard to long-on, and with such power that there was little use in chasing the ball. These strokes carried the score to 300, of which Giffen. had made nearly half. Noel was batting in a fine confident fashion,- but was unfortunate in not finding breaks in the field. In the particular part of the- ground to which he. drove them Brace and Worrall were stationed. Bruce was, however, at once called upon to bowl in place of Trumble. In his first over Blackham took a beauty on the leg side, and whipped off the bails, one of those efforts which, if it got the wicket, would be considered little short of a marvel, but failing to get it is taken quite as a matter of course. Giffen got hold of Brncft, but not fairly, on the leg side, and, thoueh the ball stopped a couple of feet short of the fence, they ran the 4. Phillips bowled some very good- balls to Noel in the next couple of overs, but at last the bats man get one of his hard drives past the bowler,' the most of his hits so far. having been straight back along the wicket. With one placed to mid-an. Giffen made his own score an even 150, and again there were cheers for him. He started to make it 200 by 'driving Bruce hard on the off for 4. Bruce was maintaining an old tra dition. Having started to bowl wides on New 'Year's Day he kept on bowling tl*em. At 322 Ross took the ball from Phillips. Noel cut one prettily in his first over for 3, and a little later he snicked one from the same bowler, which went to the fence for 4. Two wides in succession were called from Ross, and in this respect the match so far suggested one of the old-time games, save that eff theories ?were then unknown, and wides came from balls intended for the wicket. With tho two bowlers now at the creases, both of whom put on the pace, the batting was de cidedly slower, but Giffen placed Ross vary prettily to square-leg for 3. Three more ~mo fCl* 1*J~, iiw is niahy' ffOm a pretty h% hit by Giffen. After this they went to lunsL The score then stood at 349, Giff«n having 164 and Noel 18. On continuing play Houston kept the wickets instead of Blackham, the bowlers being Phillips and McLeod. Both batsmen dropped heavily on to the first half-dozen from Phillips, and 7 were scored from the over. They were equally discourteous to McLeod, getting runs from almost every bill, and keeping them hard along the turf. Giffen again put Phillips beautifully to leg and back-cut him from the next ball, the rain in the meantime coming down smartly. They stood it for a time, but finally left, just as the rain ceased. In five overs since lunch time the batsmen had put on 17 runs. With tho ball greasy scoring was a comparatively easy matter, and the runs went on steadily, both bats shaping welL For a second time tho rain drove tho players from the ground, very much to the disgust of the onlookers, who were themselves safely sheltered. At 3 o'clock Giffen had 1S2 and Noel 28, the total being 377. On continu ing play Worrall took' the ball in the place of McLecd, and runs were scored for a time by singles only, Noel playing them almost with out exception forward; Giffen, after a spell, placed Phillips on the leg side for 3, a stroke he had managed time after time to bring off in the most perfect style. Indeed the absenca of anj thing resembling a false stroke was ona of the inarktd features of his inning?. Worrall fol lowed the example of his predecessors in giving variety to his bowling analysis with a wide. Ncel for once in a way cat a ball, and though it wasclose to Morris itcameso awkwardly that he failed to stop it, and 4 were got. Gne of the few balld that Giffen had raised went out towards Bruce in the long-field, but not near enough to him to beat all dangerous. Morris had a gcod ch;:nce at cover to run out Noel, but he misfielded at the firat attempt, and the batsman got home all- right. Noel showed admirable judgment now in placing his strokes, 'and without put-tine any great force into it worked up his score by singles. Just before the 400 was due Blarkhana tried another change, putting on Morris and spreading the field well out to the chains, but they got 'nothing to stop in his first over, which Giffen played carefully. Giffen. with i his characteristic pat to _ leg brought the fourth hundred in view. * He only wanted a few to complete his second hundred, and was batting at this stage with mm h caution. It was noticeable that whenever there was any chance of a run out the return from the field was invariably to Giffen's end. Giffen got a nice ono on the leg side, and made a mighty effort, but missed it, the spectators remarking ' Oh !' with oae impulse. Noel again' varied his popular forward drive by back-cutting Worrall for 2, and the next ball went straight over the wicketkeeper's head for 4 byes. Noel was doing all the scoring, his next being anon drive at Worrall's expense for 3. Giffen stood a long time at 194. Worrall bavins done his best, but failed, gave the ball to Trumble. Noel's batting improved vastly after he reached the thirties. It had been safe all through ; now it was both safe and free. Bruce was cheered for some fine fielding at deep cover, and then Tramble got his wide, a luxury which had fallen to most of the bowlers. At 416 Noel went forward to one from Morris and was bowled. Noel, in making his 49, never ga\\-e the ghost of a chance that would count as a defect against his innings, though Morris might have run him out. The value of tho service he did is best shown in the fact that the partnership had put on 129 runs. After the 4 o'clock ad journment Evan came out to join Giffen. His stand at the wicket is very suitable for a picture, but does not look like free cr forcible batting. Giffen hit Trumble out near the fence, Donalioo saving tho fourth run. Evan, after shaping poorly at a couple from Morris, hit him to leg for 3. Still the play was rather drrary, Morris keeping a good length. Once Giffen nearly got his runs, but Blackham just managed to reach an off drive and stop it. The very next the crack glanced to leg for 3 and completed his 200, a feat of course ap propriately cheered. Having done this he opened his shoulders at once and drove Trumble, of whose bowling he seemed particu larly fond. He was cheered to the echo when he stepped forward and lifted Trumble right over the fence for 5 —a grand hit. In trying to force runs from Morri3, however, he just srved his wicket by a lucky snick, and ~ot a couple of runs into the bargain. A splendid hit to leg again roused the enthusiasm of the crowd, and it wji3 clear that Oiffen had now determined to make the moat of his opportunities, as he scored from nearly every ball. As on the first day when Giffen showed a disposition to hit, Trott was again put on with slows. The change was successful, not in getting rid of Giffen, but of Evan, who was caught by Morris. The eighth wicket fell at 442, and Jarvis, a finely built young fellow, was next in, and opened like a hitter by driving Trott close up to the fence. Giffen also got on to a full pitch on the lefr side. Trott bowled a nice temptingone to Giffen, but the batsman, in stead of lifting it up into the clouds, as the bowler desired, waited and cut it like a- flash for 4. Worrall stopped one of Jarvb's cuts in his best style. The next of Giffen's was a pretty drive for 4 over the bowler's head, and he seemed to like the left-hander almost as ninch as Tramble. The next he drove back into the bowler's wicket for the second time during his innings, and Jarvis followed his ex ample with a dashing off-hit to the fence all along the grass. The crowd wanted to see Donahoo bowl, and had no hesitation in telling Blackham 6o, but the Victorian captain had his own ideas of manaering a team, and tried Ross, whose second, a fast one, was finely taken by Houston, although wide on the leg-side. Ross was erratic and the crowd sarcastic. When Phillips was brought back the 'barrackers' affected to believe that the Victorian captain was favouring his own club, and called; ' Go in Melbourne.' Melbourne did go in. for Phillips's second ball was hit hard into Black ham's hands at mid-off, and the catch wa3 held. Giffen was finally out for 237, the grandest, but not the biggest, inning3 he has ever played. . In all he got nearly 100 runs from boundary hits, 23 of them being fours and one five. To say where he was strongest would be difficult, for he played in this innings all round the .vickefc. If one of his strokes was more perfect than another it was the admirable leg glance by. which he scored so many of his runs. Tho only chance he gave was that to Houston when he had scored 63, the missing of which cost the Victorians 190 runs. Giffen played amasterly game, and what recent Australian Elevens have lost through being without his help was plainly realized by those who saw him bat yesterday. Not in Adelaide could his fine innings have been . more generously recognised^ than it was yesterday on the M.C.C. Ground, the Victorians joining in the applause. Giffen p.'ayed not only all strokes, but his batting at tinies was rn such marked contrast to other periods that it was difficult to believe the same' man had tlse bat. Nothing could bo more' resolutely patient than his long waiting between 1H0 and 200, and nothing -would then tempt him,; into trying to score from a doubtful ball,' but' immediately the 200 came up, without being reckless, he played the forcing game. Tho beard when he left showed 9—237—471. Ross was not persevered with as a bowler, and Worrall took his_ place, Jarvis lifting one which hefailedto pet fair hold of out into the long field. . In Phillips's next over he hit a ball hard to;; Blackham, and the M.O.C. pair worked the trick again, the opinions of the crowd notwith standing, for the Victorian wieketkeeper held the catch. * This ia, without doubt, the finest innings 'ever played by a South Australian eleven, and effectually disposes of the idea that the colony ' is now anything inferior in the cricket-field to Victoria or New South Wales. The fielding of the Victorians all through this long innings was admirable. Of tho bowling averages, the less said the better, but it was not a bowler's wicket Phillips's figures, how ever, stand out in marked contrast to the others, and 6 wickets for 91 runs off 334 balls bowled, must, in an innings of 472, be considered a first-rate performance. The Victorians started their mning3 with Bruce and Houston to the bowling of P. Jarvis and Giffen. Jarvis is a fast bowler, with a good swinging delivery, very much after the style of the Ybrkshireman Ulyett Before a run was scored the w.ckefc should have been got, as Brace hit the last of ai over from Giffen to the off, and Evan got the ball in his hands but failed to keep it. The only difficulty in the catch was that he had to reach some distance for it. Jarvis appealed for a catch at the wickets off Houston, and got it from the crowd but not the umpire. Brace dropped on to a fast ball of Jarvis's and cut it square to the fence, driving the next a bit further forward for another 4. The third he just snicked, again for 4, saving his wicket, and the fourth he placed to leg for a couple, . making fourteen off fcur balls. Houston tried to put one from Giffen under his leg, but mi3sed it, and Giffen appealed for l.b. w. . but did not get it. When 25 had been scored Lyons wept on' in place of Jarvis. A sharp cut by Houston got past Gooden, and a couple were 'run, a half-^ dozen being scored from Lyans's first over.' Bruce apainst lifted one froni Giffen, but found exactly the right spot between two fieldsmen, so that neither was quite able to reach it. He hit Lyons to long-leg, and as all the fieldsmen were to the off they were able to run 5 for it. Houston also played Lyons very prettily to leg by a light glance, and already they had got 40 up. After another appeal for Lb.w., Hous ton put Giffen to leg m exactly the same style. and repeated the stroke, which is a perfect one, towards the close of the over. This finished the play for the day, the two Vic- j torians having mado the game very merry i whilo they were together. 