A Paek of Cards A simple eentencp, but do you know tba knowledge tbid litih senteneo osntains f Listen, and I » ill tell you. Many yeara ago, during tha reign of Cbarlea VI., card-playinj? was first introduced into Franco, and becamc sotherago, and was oarricd to such an ex tent that it was for & timoprohibitcd. Socioty waa divided into four classes, called castes, - and eaoh ot theee castes represented by the four different auito of oards : First — hearts or churchmen, from tho French ctojr (heart), aalled^mr dc cluvi/r, or ehoirmen. Second— spades or pike heads, and represented tho nobles. diamonds or tauara tton'H I represented the workmen. Fouth— iljbs or clover loaves indicated tho peasantry. Nor in this all, for does uot tho aca remind you thero is one God. The Dcxut — ot the Father and I Sjo. The Tray— of the Father, Son and I Holy Ghost. The Four—oi the four evangel 1131a woopreacneu, anicaftw, wars, ir.iuo ana John. The Pivj—ot the ii/o wise virgins who had their lamp? trimmed. The Six—' In eix days tho Lsrd mado tbo heaven and earth.' 7he On ' the Ssventh tho L')rd rested. The £ight—ol the eight j rightecui persons who were saved when God destroyed tho world, Noah, his wife, three I tons and their wives. The Nine— nine lepers i woro olesnsed by our L^rd. There were ten, 1 but nine gavo thanks. The 7 en -of theten commandments handed dowu to itosea. The At tig— of tho great King in IIoaTen, The (?«-?*« t- of tho Queen Sboba, a wise woman, who visited luug Solomon, and took with her fifty girls, and fifty boys, all dressed ia male attire for tbo King to tell which were boyB and whioh wero girla. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash, i and as tho girls washed to tho elbows nnd tbe boys to tho wrists, the King soon judged. Counting tho spots on a pack ol cards there are 395, aa niruiy days as thore aro in a year. Counting tho number of oarda to a pack, there aro 52, equal to the number of weeks in a year. There aro four suits— tho number of weeks in a month ; end last VZ picture cards in a pack, representing 12 months in a year, and on counting the tricks, which are 13, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you sea that eimple sentence not only contain a history, but a bible almanac and common prayer-book. 