HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the ni 'ht of October 27th, 1842, the ood ship " Mary Compton," of Bristol, SIngland, was struggling with a fearful gale ofFthe coast of l«orth America. The wind lne furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including th». Captain, were saved. On reach* ing the shore they found a strange thing had happened.' An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light, Sonls. as well as ships, steer by the lights. . Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What Bhall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a etorm-toBSed spirit ? " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for he might be wrong—and in any oase he had no business to put out the ight. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889. she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and «be was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and," she Baid, all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. " I oould scarcely crawl about the house," aha says, "I was so weak." I tried different remedies and medicines without avail I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, " I have mixed' yon some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. " I talked with two other physicians." The last one said, • Tou are pant human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost / My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat About this time 2 commenced vomiting, and what I threw np -was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday moniing. " At this time I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I lire), had been cured by Mother Seigels Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr .lesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street and got a _ bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day 1 felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. "I ahould have taken MotherSeigel's Ourative Syrup eooner. but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his dub, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. * 11 my friends and neighbours know the facts 1 have related, and 1 will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Sigued), Mrs Ann Milla. 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leerls. This was a case of indigestion and d vspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it bad affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. if>be did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, After having known what Mother Seigel's Syrup had done for her friend M rs Wilson. 