THE NOVEMBER MAGAZINES It Is doubtless duo to tbo lull in politics that usually precedes a gcnoral oleotion in England that tho Nineteenth Century has a predomi nance of articles on literary and scientific sub jects. The prospect of a oompleto edition of Pepys's Diary , doled out hitherto in de- tachments, tho latost selection — 1875-79 — withholding one-fifth of tho whole an "cither tortious to tho reader or unfit for publication," has induced Mr. Henry B. Whcatloy, in'his contribution on Unpublished Pages of Pepys's Diary, to give readers somo idea of tha pleasure still in store for thorn. Tho cxtraots given recall tho lato Jamos Russell Lowoll's estimate of Pcpys, that "nover before was man so thoroughly honest in writing about himself." It is impossible, Mr. AVhoatlcy says, to believe that "the Idea over entered tho writer's head that tho world would rend his con fessions," or he would not havo entered in such formal fashion the following quaint descrip tion of a conjugal disputo: — "Going to bed betimes last night," Pepys writes, "wo waked botimes,and from our pooplo being forced to tako tho koy to go out to liglita candle, I was very angry, and began to find fault with my wifo for not commanding her servants ns she ought. There upon sho giving me somo cross answer, I did strike her over her loft oye such a blow as tho poor wretch did cry out, and was in great pain ; but yet her spirit was such as to. endeavor to bite and scratch inc. Rut I crying with her, mado her leave crying and search for butter and parsley, and friends presently one with anothor; and I up, vexed at my heart to think what I had done, for sho was forced to lay n poultice or something to her eyo all day, and ta black, and tho pooplo of the house observed it." To get ft glimpse ot domeBtio life in Pepys's tlmo is entertaining onough, -but Mr, O. Whihloy, in his extraots .from The Mimes of Jfcroda, goos still further back, and introduces us to tho women of 2000 years ago. This treasure, recently brought to light in tho British Museum, has bcon unieenof mortal cyos for oenturics, but tho dialogues by Hcrodus, whoso cherished theme wns tho pas sion and frivolity of women, aro "as young as yesterday." Tho first dialogue, whoso tliomo is a morning call, shows that " tho death of woman," as Andrew Lang says, "has changed no moro in a thousand yoars than tho song of birds." Here is a specimen Mclriche " "What Gyllis, dear old GylUs ! Turn the chair round a littlo, girl. What fate induced you to coino and ace rno, GylHn? An angel's visit indeed ! Why, I bcliovo it's five months since nuyono dreamt of you knocking at my door, OylHs. I live such a long way off, and the mud in tho lane is up to your knees. I am ever anxious to come," &e.;, &o.; "We are tteated to a private view of French authors, by Mr. Edward Dolillo, who takos tho result of M. Jules Thirot's recent publication, Enf/u&tc; un VEvolution LUterairet to givo tho opinions of French authors on each othor. M. Thirst wished to know what tho representatives of the different schools of French literaturo thought of tbeir respective chances for suproraaoy. M. Zola, whoso latest book, D' Argent, ho says, " is selling liko hot enkes," thus scornfully answered M. Thirot's interrogatory." "Natu ralism dead? never further from it. , . . Psychologists? Symbolists? So many impo tent drivellers. . . If anything new should bo required ho (M. Zola) will provlda it." M. Renan, discovered in tho rnidst of a largo quantity of bulky, tomes, and hard at work on tho conclusion of his History o the People of Israel, summed up tho position thuB : — " TIiqho symbolists, naturalists, psychologists, el hoo.genus omne, arc like so many nasty little children sucking their thumbs." AU Uio ways in. which unsuspecting collectors of articles of virld of evory kind, whether china, furniture or works of art, are imposed upon, form the sub ject of an interesting lot of " discursivo gossip " by Sir Charles Robinson, whioh he has entitled Spurious IVorks of Art. " Art frauds," ho says, "ore of every kind and degreo of ilngranoy, from the most vulgar, barefaced shams, such as are likely to impose only on tho merest dabbler in tho colleoting line, to the infinitely subtlo and profoundly calculated efforts, I had almost said of genius. . . . TJniquo masterpieces whioli porchanco havo taken-months or oven years of sileni labor to . bring to tbo utmost perfection of dissimulation." Wo are favored with a description of tho different kinds of torture conceived of by theo logians in Mr. JntncB Mew's dissertation on the Christian Hell. That the whirligig of timo is bringing, tho much neglected brutes an ample revenge is demonstrated by the - fact that one of tho best articles in the magazine attempts to answer the qucstiou, Is Man the Only Reasoncr? Mr. James Sully, tho writer, says " the wholo Bubject is still a dark and porplexing ono, nnd we must refrain from dogmatising." He considers that it is principally the want of an intolligibie sign, like languago, that " keeps certain animals — for example, the dog— from being rational animals in as .complete a sense ns a largo number of our own species." The affray at Pisa between Byron and tho civil .authorities is already known to roadors of Dowden's Life of Shelley, where it is fully described ; but Mrs. Ross, who hns been permitted to see extracts from the secret arohives of the city containing letters relating to the Gamba family — of which Countess Guic- ciola wns a member — throws additional light on tho incident, from the Government point of viow, who did not regard tho poot's revolu tionary writings with favor. Mr. H, Dziowicki's article on Lifo in a Jesuit Collego broaks off too abruptly. His detailed account of a typical day's proceedings is sketched with great skill ; but tho reader is hardly content with tho bald conclusion that "at 9 . . . every novice is in. bed — enjoying very heartily the blessings of repose." Darwinism in the Nursery, by Dr. Louis Robinson, deals princi pally with experiments he mado with now born infants to test thoir "powor of grip," and de duces arguments in favor of a Simian ancestry from the results. Tho only approaoh to politics is made by Mr. Edward Dicy, who replies to tho strictures published on a former article of his in which he discounted tho chances of Mr. Glad-, atono at tho next election. In his reply, en titled My Oritios, bo says lie fools "bound to repeat his offcnco, if offcnco it be," and hopes and believes tho Llborals will be defeated at tho polls, and Home Ilulo con signed to tho Greek Kalends. M. A Taylor- Inncs complains that tbo " alleged documentary corroboration" of tbo Psychical Society's ghosts is not forthcoming, and will evidently be con tent with no less than tho production of sworn evidence from apparitions, such as would satisfy a court of justioe. The declino of voluntaryism in connection with the military defonco of England is deplored, and moro remedies sug gested in tho response of the Earl of Airlie to the question, Is our yeomanry worth preserv ing? The miserable stipends of tho "Welsh olorgy and tho way tho boncficos aro " infested with lay rectors" ought to bo remedied by legis lation, Lord Stanley, of Alderloy conceives, and he points out how this can be done in tbo few pages devoted to Tho House of Commons and tho Church. Professor E, A Freeman takes up in tho Contemporary Review what has become a perennial subject of discussion, tho advisability of cuforcing thostudyof Greek in the universities. Mr. Froeman assorts that tho objeotious to its continuance in tho ourrioulutn arise from tho fact that it is taught so badly, just as it was "100 years ago," beforo " the greatest discovery of our times, the discovery of tho relations of languages to one another, had entered into tho pedagoguo's mind. " There is valuable information on Tho Applica tions of Hypnotism in Dr. Lloyd Tuckey's con tribution, and if his experiments can bo relied oil for .general practice a new era iu tho treat ment of disease, moro especially alcoholioism, has been entered upon. Dr. Tuokey was ono of the curliost among English physicians to study the Nauoy method of cure by hypnotism, and he is more favorable to the simpler method adopted by the N&noy; school than to that of Charcot, whioh professes to deal rather with hysterias! than - uormal conditions. Some of Dr. Tuckey's experiences in the cure of dipsomaniacs aro very striking, and worthy of reproduction. Ho quotes tho case of the manngor of an important company who was on tho point of boing dismissed from his post for drunkenness, when he consulted Dr. Tuokey. " This gentleman," he says, "wab vory suaoop- tiblo to hypnotism, nnd fell at once into a pro found sleep. As he belonged to an alcoholised family it was uocesaary to forbid him all uso of stimulants, thercforo lie was told whilo in tho hypnotic state that alcohol was poison to liim, and that the tasto of it would in future make him violently ill. To tost the efficacy of this suggestion a small glaBS of beer was given to Uiin during tho hypnotic sleep, and anothor about half an hour aftor his awaking. On both occasions the dose instantly brought on an attack of sickness, though tho patient had no consciousness of tbo suggestions ho had received." The patient returned to his homo and business in two months quite cured, and has had no relapse, having acquired " a montal distasto for alcohol . . which will keep hiin safo against almost nny conceivablo temptation." Tho leader of the opposing Irish faction, Mr. Justin M'Carthy, has given what must bo considered an impartial nummary of tho charaotor of his lato antagonist, Mr. Charles Stewart Far- nell, and presents a striking picture of that erratio leader's personality: — "I was im pressed," Mr. M'Carthy writos, " with Mr. Parnell's force of character from tho first. His peculiar quaintnoss df manner, combined with his indomitable pcrs|voranoo nnd his dauntless courage, filled mc with respect and admira tion, It scorned nothing to him, a raw young man just coinc from Cambridge, to stand up night after night and ovcry night, and face tho Wholo hostile Houso of Commons. Ho wis a bad speaker at first, he was not anything of an orator even at the lust, ho hod n pood vocabulary, words cnino to him with difficulty; his rango of ideas seomod peculai'ly narrow, in short, according to all recognised rules and traditions of Parliamentary criticism, lie ought to have bcon a dead fniluro in the Houso of Commons. The Houso for tho most part liatod him, but it could not despise or injure him. . .1 In 99 cases out of 100 the IIousu conquors tho man. In Mr. Parnell's case tho man conqliorcd tho House. ... I havo no wish to Bpcak about tho events of the last 12 months," (Mr. M'Carthy goes on later. "It is a fine and truo saying that tho forbcar- not enough for jlie dead. . . . 'Thero is hitherto nonosuoll,' says Carlylc, in epitomising the character of jlirabeau. ( There is hitherto nono such,' I Bad, speaking of ParnelL" Mr. ChrlBtio Murray lloaves his criticisms of the colonies and turns to a consideration of tho present race of dramatists and tbeir productions, and pleads for something higher than tho pieces now given ub by iPinoro, Robert Duchunun and the author of Thi Dancing Girl in his notes on The Rcnaissanco.of the Stago. It is often given as an excuse for, tho reckless disregard of life in Amorioa that the ovil arises from the influx of tho soum oflforoign nations, but Mr. Edward Wakefield endeavors to prove tho contrary ia his paper tho Brand of Cain in tho American Republic. The paltrinoss of the occasions when arms are resorted to almost passes belief, and tho writer declares that the Amoricans them- solves set no example of self restraint. In tho lynching affiir at New Orleans, he says there was nothing like conclusive proof against tho Italians who lay under accusation, and thoy! would have boon acquitted by any unprejudiced jury in Eubpo or America. Madame do Bury writes at somo length of the Spiritualisatiou of thought in Franco. She maintains that the new psychi) forco had its birth in tho disasters of 1890, nnl that the movomeat has become a substantial reality mainly from the impulse given by tin " suggestions " of 1889 at the Ex position in the Chnmp do Mars. Tho Paris Exhibition of that year, she says, was supposed to rcpresoit the inventiveness of man, but " tho revolution it really made was tho rovela- tion of his psyohio power." The grievances of clumontarr school teachers seem to be a disturb ing element in England, as in Australia, nnd strong pleis for their redress aro giveu by Mr. T. A Orgin in his artiolo on tho subjeot. 