A CATASTROPHE A3? THE BY NATIXAN D. CLVN^b. Not long alter the Ciaiao of the Central Park was lira6 thrown open to the public, three petcouB regularly visited its refresh ment saloons, why ivtre not long in exciting 2-iservatiua their reuiuriiiiijie conduct. They never spoke a syllable, either to eaoh uiiier or anyone else; even their order being ^tven to the waiter upon & blip of paper by oue of the three. Tnuy were certainly not deaf, because the waiter's epoken announcement ot tbe ex pense incurred was always instantly as tented to by a general bow of tbe bead, and an immediate production of the money de manded. it dumb, they used no signs of tbe hands, sr otherwise, to communicate with each other. Their deme&nor; was invariably of the deepest gloom. The looks which they occasional; cast at each other bore no traces cf afi-ciion, nothing of the glow of friendship but were stony snd coid, as wish mutual re sentment and repulsion. They appeared to take no pleasure in the food they ate, though consisting of the most delicate and tempting viands, but devoured it with the mechanical coldntssof phantoms or ghouls. All were clothcd in the deepest, richest black. The faces of all were utterly devoid of color ; that of the lacy was very pretty, though she was no longer young, and •io»sessed of a figure inclined to embon point. Or eoorse the appearance of this singular j io regularly once or twice a week through in entire eeaeon, at such a fashionable resort, could not fail to command cariosity and attention. They came to be known among the clerks -.■jd older attendants as the three ghouls of he Casino, and many were the {.peculations s to who they were, and what was the meaning of their singular demeanor. In the meantime, however, the silent Grangers grew gloomier and more ghoul- iike ■it every visit: and the dull cold glare of re sentment in the eyes of eaoh appeared to daily increase in intensity of hate. At last there came a catastrophe. It was a lovely afternoon, and the Casino was thronged. And then the three strangers began to adopt a most novel mode of lan guage. They began to hiss at each other as if possessed by a multitude of poisonous ser pents. Their eyes blazed like basilisks; their teeth glittered through their shrunken ftps, and etill they hissed and hiesed with the fury of fiends. Tiiey ware instantly surrounded by a wondering crowd, members of which conld not forbear exclaiming, " Shame ! shame t" at such an unnatural exhibition of serpen tine spite and malevolence. Bat the three beings thus unfortunately possessed only hissed the loader, and ac companied their sibllationa by fierce and threatening gesticulation. The lady appeared more fnrious than either of her companions. She hissed away like a pythoness, and her face, usually eo cadaverous in hue, glowed like the illumi nated rind of a •' Jaek-o'-Lantern. " Is she mad 7" " Are they all crazy *' Send for an officer!" and similar ejacula tions fell from the lips of the wondering and horrified spectators; bat without any effect upon the snake-filled strangers. At last the men worked themselves into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their feet One of them drew a knife, and before he could be prevented, thrust it into the bosom of bis opponent. A cry of horror rang through the saloon; bnt this was changed to one of wonder at the conduct of the wounded man. He simply drew his coat over the hilt of tbe dagger, -which still remained quivering in hie breast, buret into a low, sardonio laugh, and etrode from the building as if be were anhurt. But, before he departed, the only words that had ever been heard to proceed from the mysteirous trio fell from his lips. " Fiends J'' he hissed; "by tbe serpent epell that governs ns all, I will yet haunt ye both 1 Farewell 1 ye may have destroyed my body, but the cobra-spirit in my nature will follow yon on, and poison ye for ever 1" He vanished, and those who followed him to the door instantly lost sight of him, as though he had melted into thia air. A etorm of triumphant hisEes from the remaining pair was their only reply to the imprecation of their defeated fellow; ana j then they resumed some wine they had been \ discussing, and became as sombre and silent j as ever. j . "Seize the murderer J Bun for a police-j man?1' cried the now thoroughly excited j crowd, gathering around with threatening j gestures, which, however, had no effect upon the pair. j A policeman was summoned. He happened j to be of the ultra-phlegmatic and matter-of fact variety, who are in the habit of taking everything easily. After hearing the story of the desperate stabbing, and the sudden evaporation of the murdered man, he regarded the remaining man and woman with considerable non chalance, and remarked: " Looks to me like a regular bilk. Murdered men don't slope oat of Bight with knives sticking in their hearts. No need of i a row about nothing." He walked leisurely off, much to the dis satisfaction of the crowd; and the silent man, with his silent partner, coolly finished their wine, paid for it, and departed for their carriage, as had been their custom. Those who witnessed their departare averred that from the depths of the myster ious eoach there was heard to issue low and multitudinous hissings, as from a whole neBt of wrangling serpents. As the gentleman and lady continued their regular visits to the Casino, the absence of their whilom companion confirmed many in the conviotion that tbe murder had been no sham, but an actnal and frightful tragedy; and the pair were regarded with growing suspicion and dread. One day, when they were sitting at the table they usually occupied—as far apart from the rest as possible—a sudden resump tion of the hissing sounds instantly rivetted upon them tbe most intense and anxious scrutiny. Bnt this time the hisses were neither fierce nor loud. They were low, tremulous, and hesitating, as of snakes in terror and pain. The man and the woman drew to gether, shivsringly, as if stricken by sadden gusts of icy wind, and glanced at the open iioor, with expectant horror npon their corpse like faees. All eyes were turned in the same direction xnd so breathless was the suspense that a pin might have been heard to drop. The ghost of the murdered man glided into the light of the spacious doorway, and stood motionless for an instant, giving utterance rnmply to a low, sardonic sibilation, which eurdled the blood of all who heard, and caused the guilty couple to cower and shud der io abject horror. The ghost was attired precisely as when last beheld in the saloon, much after the manner of Dion Boucieautt'a "Phantom," save .that I'Hta waist was bound with big waist-band round, His burnished stove-pipe gleamed on high, But his breast was bare, with the red wounds there, And dark was the glare of his glassy eye." The dagger remained planted in his breast. He pointed to it with a moveless finger, and then glided forward without a sound. The ladies were too much frightened to soream, but turned perfectly white with terror. The -waiters blanched to the color of their aprons. But the guilty couple presented the most pitiable sight. They actually wilted beneath the avenging hands which the phantom ex tended menacingly above them. . The tableau might have reached even a more ghastly extremity had not a personage at ttaiB moment etrolled in, for whom the supernatural, or its imitations, had but scanty terrors, This was the phlegmatic officer. " What's this tom-foolery J" he blandly remarked; at the same time giving the hideous phantom a slap on the back which made a mundane being of him in the twinkl ing of an eye. The man of unpoetle phlegm then pluoked ! the o3g?er from the phantom's brcasf, and beut liiai reeling liack from a punch in the libs with hia utahvart elbow. '• Now, bleed to death, if you "will I1* be exclaimed, with savage cruelty. " You see, ladies and gentlemen,"he continued, holding up the murderous poinard, end "working it with his hands; " didn't I tell you how it was all a bilk. This i3 a trick dagger, whose blade tans into the hilt, and that vagabond was never hurt a bit." A cry of rage buret from the crowd who had been so egregiously eold, and a move ment was made toward the " phantom " and his ftiende, the latter of whom had arisen and began to hies anew. " No more of that!" cried the officer, swinging his clnb, angrily. " Speak out, or I cotne to the lockup !" i They understood his gesture, if not his Swords; and atraigthaway those mysterious [ and thoughtless ones began to speak French . a rate that would have alarmed an army of Germans. 1 " Who understands their linpo ?" roared the officer, clapping his hands to his eaie. | A little dapper gentleman, pale with I trepidation, came forward and explained, in broken Eaglibh, that h9 wbb the agent of the gentleman and Isdy, who were French mountebanks (renowned artist?, he called ; them], whom he had brought over to this j country. Pending their appearance at a certain Bowery establishment, he had adopted this innocent mode of enhancing their importance, intending to make a regular newspaper expose shortly before their legitimate appearance, and thus insure over whelming houses. This explanation was made ander each ladicroas terror, that the good humor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and the discomfited acrobats and sword ewallowers, with their little agent, were suffered to depart unmolested; but there were many who remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how completely they had been "eold" in the Cseino. 