THE GONQ CLASHES. THE CLARIONET SHRIEKS. AND THE CHINESE NEW YEAR IS ANNOUNCED. Tina is New Year's Day. ami y0t Collins and Bourko streets arc traimacting business and our Scotch friends are iu no way attempting to bold high holiday. Th# -..est.. l.i„ I.. C- - . . . w. v.i,3 is iwk mr 10 SOCK. Xhe commoncoment ot the seventeenth year of Kong Sui, Emperor of all the Chinese, may he nnt ovent of considerable importance througnont lii# dominions, and may be looked upon with great pleasure by the countless millions in whose veins courses the blood of tho "Celestial," the " Flowery- lander," the " almond-eyed Mongolian,' or whatovcr else tho fertile- brained para- graphcrs may feel disposed to dub tho Chine?; hut to tho ordinary Australian it is of such little importance that the Education department allows it to pis by without giving its over-worked and under® paid teachers a holiday. Nevertheless, it i( a fact that this is tho New Year, and China town, otherwise Little Bourkc street, it holding gay holiday, and its people arc not only dressed in their best Suuday clothe hut are doing their best to show Europeans in other ways how a holiday should l>o celebrated. That this was the ncP? year wo were painfully reminded at an corly hour this morning We had, after much difiiculty, wooed shun- her to our tired brain, nnd were dreaming pleasant dreams nnd .seeing sweet visions, when wc were violently aroused by hearing a noico like that of an ar- ttllery corps in engagement. Dressing hurriedly wo went to tho balcony, and there 'inarching down the street svas a Ion" file of Chinese each with a blazing string ol crackers, which spluttered and fizzed and exploded in admirablo .unison with the tlio music of tlio Chinese voices. The only nnswer to tho blessing which was hurled at them was " Appy Noo Yccr, sir." A visit to Chinatown this morning later, revealed tho Chinese in the full enjov- incut of their holiday. Nob understanding ono word of all their "gibberish," which was choking tho atmosphcro ami making it even more unbearable than it was he- fore, wo selected a tea merchant's ware- hotiso as the most likely place wherein wo could obtain a littlo infor mation. Latro)>o place, Celestial avenue, anil the hundred and ono wretched little alleys about tho locality were outwardly quiet. Every door was closed nnd a Chinete placard conveyed fioinc intelligence to Chinese which amounted tothcEnglish notice of " Closed for the holidays, will rc-open to-morrow." Behind theso closed doms, however, thero was gaiety, amino mistake. Our friend, tho tea merchant, took us in hand, and ns ho showed u® . the sights, ho told us a little about tho day itself. " You Bee," said ho, " Chinese reckon their years according to tho reign of tho Emperor. That ia why this New Year it called tho Seventeenth Kong Stii.' Kong Sul ia tho Einpcror and this is tho seventeenth year of bin reign. Throughout China, and in every - community where Chincso reside, this dav and its Immedista successors form tho principal festival of tho year. Every place of business is closed, every occupation net asido, and joy und gladness fills every heart. You, Englishmen, hate us ChinRso ;but you don't know us, or you would admire ns. Howovcr, I will not trouhlo you with any thiug of tliat sort just '.So, pleasantly-chatting, weilid tltoroundsof tho shops nnd found what he said to bo true. On cvory hand thero wore evidences of plenty and of comfort— as Chinese understand it- ami of enjoyment. Sideboards and table groaned under the weight of winu ami brandy, nud gin, biscuits and caku, and fruit and confectionery, ami seated round them, iu various grdstcsquo nttiducs, wcro Chinese without limit. All wcro woll dressed, and- nil 'ato, drank, smoked and talked nt ouo. and tho sains moment. They compassed this apparent impossibility iu u nmrveUbusly nnsy fnshion, and throw round good wishes iu Chinese, ami " 'Appv Noo Y ears" iu broken English , with n freedom and goodwill which con trasted strangely with their usual stolidity and reserve. Pasdlng from tho midst of this gaiety to tho prcciuctn of tho Joss House, wowatclied tho crowds going iu to pny their respects to Joss. The worship of tho Chinese is. a peculiar admixture, and their Heathenism has a sort of lluvor of Christianity— very slight of course, hut still perceptible. For iiistaucO; they rccogniso a Trmity, bnt their Trinity is .not the Father, Hon and Holy Ghost, hut Heaven, Earth and Man. Then they have mediators, und at tho Molbourno Jose House tho mediator is Kwuq' Kong, who was raised to tho godnhip by ono of titu emperors for his services to tho Em pire, Tim Emperor is head of tlio church a® well oj. of tho< Htato, and has the power to misc to, tho god#hip all men or woiucu who during thoir life timo lmvo been eolobrated for their good works, and especially thoso who havo displayed signal rovercnco to their parcuti . anu to old age. K wan Kong was a famous warrior, ami with splendid ability aud strength of 'character Jie quietened the. nation, which was in revolt, and consoli dated its disjointed ami jimrring parties Ho was tho Bismarck of t»r thu Wellington of tho Chincso, and was luvcd with tho rame intensity by his countrymen ns were those great warrioraby the Germans ami tho English. When tho Emperor, after his dcuth, raised him to tliu godnliip, liowua worshipped, and con tinues so to bo with intciibe fervor torn of unquestioning' faith iu his ability to mediate ' totweeii man and tho Supremo Being, just as. during his lifoiiiue, they considered him capable of accomplishhig wnatuvcr ho undertook. Boforo the sacred lamp, which represents Joss himself, tho Chincso place giftn nf wino and oil and food of ull kinds ns an 'acknowledgment of thoir gratitude to Joss for Ills good-, iicss toward them during the year which has just closed. Then bowing themselves to t|\o earth thrco times, thoy. retire and return to tho haunts of jollity in tho Dne 1 whero their comrades have been inskiiic merry nil tho lime. So passes iho Now Year's Day of an&tlou; which is ono of tho most remarkable on the faco of tlio earth. Long before 2037 it.®. China was a nation, and riuco Tsia ovcrpoworcd tho lessor States iu 221 %C- and its king aasumed thu title of Hwang Ti or Emporor, it has cmitinucd an ompiro %t nnco the most impotent and imwcrful on the' fuco of tho globe.. Tho Chiiieso ambassador lu London rceontly wrote " Tho four hundred milliuus of Chinese are awakoning to a consciousness of thsir atrongtb. Is this so ? nud if so, what is to he tho result? Will this Yellow River drown thn Wo#lem, civilisation beneath the tuightv onrush of its, inttddy waters, or will it crry with it a beneficial, fertilising infiucuco ? Weighty . question®, theso, and ihcy nro for tho future to answer. _ 