I%irv ; ? . f [?] $?<>, I do not believe in ghosts, . " fan'ojd ladyrof great experience. the tpmistration of' spirits.' This is-not- toe age nor toe Country in which the superset2" flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great diffi culty. if the landlord is wiliinir to' knock off., a portion of the rent. There pre many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not do of oar own volition — the wisdom of Which we do not appreciate until afterwards, then we wonder 'how we came to do them. We are forced to le&rn; that worldly wisdom is not always- that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are Looje- lng after. They believe in what they see ; the " evidence of things not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick, he wants to get well ; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it does not core he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire iutoJiis methods o medication. A happy thiug it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. ' Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Mel bourne, writes, 21st October, 1890 : — " Dur ing .toe past 16 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in toe back. I had. .often prolonged" headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus Suffered, and -I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver. would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I tried the effects of War ner's safe cure, and not . until then did I experience any amelioration , in my condition. The use of this ! medicine speedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, ' of Lonsdale ' street, Melbourne, says : — " 30th October, 1890— For . some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed When resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of "ihe liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 