LADIES' GOSSIP. Our Paris correspondent writes:—"The Academy of Hairdressers is at dagger's drawn with the fashionable world. Hitherto the capillary artists led the ladies in the matter of coiffure; at present the ladies are independent, for the prevailing Greek coiffure is the out-put of their own taste; and, further, they have no difficulty in dressing their hair themselves, for the style Greek is undulatory, very simple; most convenient, and suits all ladies. Naturally the temple of Ephesus is in danger, not so much from diminished dressing services, but from the fact that so little false hair can be employed in the riding mode. When the head-dress was synonymous with a scaffolding false locks had to be employed in profusion. One hairdresser honestly avowed that he did not lose by the change; the Greek plan was the opposite to the scaffolding, and he made it lower by means of postiches, pins, and frisettes, so that, he never sold more false hair than now. That did not console the frater- nity, who negotiated with the jewellers and florists, and drew up a petition to Parliament praying that a law be passed compelling every lady attending a theatre to remove her bonnet before entering her box. This would force ladies to have their hair artistically dressed and would naturally involve the wearing of jewellery in the coiffure, as well as of flowers. The Parliament did not take the petition into consideration, believing that the ladies knew always what suited them best." The Comtesse de Paris is a crack shot, who, at Loch Kennard, does more execution than her husband, writes Vanity Fair. When she stays at Sandringham she invariably accompanies the men to the covers, while the other ladies follow later on with the lunch. When she is in the highlands she wears s sporting dress of her own invention which does not much differ from male attire. It is probable that on the moors or in the covers she would be able to give points to Miss Leale; for shooting at a target is very different work to potting birds on the wing. The Queen of the Belgians is one of the most active among the active lady sovereigns o£ Europe. It is said of her that she never sits down except when she is playing the piano or the harp, both of which instruments she plays with "the touch of the master hand." Alto- gether her Majesty is passionately fond of music, and one of her chief amusements is a visit to the theatre or opera, where, however, she is content to sit alone in her box rather than weary even a single lady-in-waiting with taking part in an entertainment for which she may possibly have no taste. Another of the Queen's amusements is horsemanship. She has not only a splendid manége of her own, but she takes a special pride in breaking in her own saddle-horses and in teaching and perfecting her daughter, Princess Clementine, in the art of equitation. At Laeken and Ostend, her favorite country seats, the Queen delights in long walks and spends long hours, together with her daughter, in fishing expeditions. The state of the Empress Charlotte of Mexico is in reality by no means so melancholy as has been represented, says the World. The Castle of Bouchout, where she resides, and which she never quits, is situated about a mile and a half from Laeken and she is accustomed to receive visits from the King and Queen two or three times a week. Her abode is furnished with exquisite taste and the widow of the ill- fatid Maximilian is now quite able to direct the domestic affairs of her household. Her one great pleasure is music and she habitually breakfasts and dines with her household and takes walking exercise in the magnificent park which surrounds her mansion. The acute mania of former years has given way to a gentle melancholy. Her Majesty is now 52 and her extraordinary physical health makes it probable that she may attain a great age. Colonel Olcott, the president of the Theo- sophical Society, having thougt fit to impugn the accuracy of the story of the melancholy death of Miss Pickett in Colombo, represent- ing it as a case of suicide, "A Reader of the Indian Journals" has written to a home paper: —"The facts unhappily can leave no reason- able doubt on the mind of any dispassionate reader that this unfortunate convert to Budd- hism died by her own act. Colonel Olcott's assertion that 'the whole evidence goesagainst) the assumption of suicide' is certainly not borne out by the opinion of the coroner, who distinctly directed the jury that the evidence established a case of suicide. The jury, it is true, as often happens in such cases, were nevertheless considerate enough for the feelings of her friends to return what is called an open verdict in the neutral form of 'found drowned.' But it appeared from the evidence that Miss Pickett, who had only just been appointed to the post of lady principal of the Sanghamitta Girls' School, at which the sorrowful event occurred, enquired of one of the school children 'which of the wells in the ground was the deepest.' This was overheard by one of the cook-women. It also appeared that the unfortunate lady did not retire to bed, but that same night made her way out of the house by means of a key, and that on the following morning her body was found in the well about which she had been thus ominously enquiring. That poor Miss Pickett's mind had given way from some cause there can be little doubt. A very good case has been made out for the decoration of two more Anglo Indian ladies, says an Indian paper, with the Royal Red Cross—Mrs. Cawley and Mrs. Damant, who played a notable part in the memorable de- fence of Kohima in 1879. A report of the fight- ing published at the time, after speaking of the murder of Mr. Damant on October 13, and the cutting up of the greater part of his escort of 80 men, went on to describe the attack by the Nagas and the adventures of the two above- named ladies. "On one occasion after a short respite when Mrs. Cawley was in the lines tending the women and children, the firing began, and the path up to the house being right in view of the Naga sharpshooters, it was necessary for her to run for it. A constable voluntarily accompanied her, keeping the outer side, so that he to some extent protected her at the risk of his own life. Occasionally it was necessary to go to a small godown where the stores were kept, and on one occasion a bullet came through the wall not far from Mrs. Cawley and a second close by Mrs. Damant. On the 22nd the two ladies happened to show them- selves outside the back door and had only just shown themselves for a moment when two bullets from the opposite hill struck the earth- work of the stockade strajght in front of them and not 20 yards off. Mrs. Cawley's remark on this incident in a letter home, 'It made me fell very savage to be shot at in this way,' is characteristic of her pluck." During the whole period of the Nagas' fierce onslaught Mrs. Damant and Mrs. Cawley were never idle. They prepared large saucepanfuls from their own store of sago and cornflour.and gave to the children and wounded. So as to get any rest at all the one watched while the other tried to sleep. From the 14th to the 27th they never undressed or slept on a bed and what rest they got was taken revolver in hand. If the stockade had been rushed they must have been shot themselves, and so their revolvers were treasured. On the 27th Colonel Johnstone with the relieving force of Manipuris arrived, and on the 30th Major Evans with 200 men came in. On the relief of Kohima the Viceroy sent the following message to the Chief Com- missioner of Assam—"Please convey to Mrs. Cawley and Mrs. Damant my warmest acknow- ledgment of their courageous and devoted care of the wounded, sick, and children during the gallant defence of Kohima." The color that was called old gold a few seasons ago is in great favor this year under the designation of "pale tan" (writes the Home News). The soft shades of pink that have been popular for a long time suffer no eclipse by the sea. They appear in cotton, cambric, batiste, and fine summer woollen materials, as well as in China silk, surah, and bengaline. Flowered foulards amd delaines are in request in the afternoons. For morning wear bird's-eye foulards and twilled cambrics, also spotted with white or color, are in much demand. They have nearly always a neat ar- rangement of white in front whether they are made with basques or with round bodices and belts. The neat little coat that is most in vogue is turned back from the neck in collar snd lapels, and fastened with one button upon the bust. It is so much cut away in front that it shows the blouse or waistcoat, and looks very smart. This coat is seen in every color, from biscuit or fawn down through shades of tan color, to brown. It often appears in corn- flour blue, pale or dark, and gendarme blue is frequently seen. As the one button is rarely fastened the lining shows, and is usually in harmony with hat or blouse or dress itself. Some of the tea-gowns prepared for this summer (says a writer in the Globe) are positive poems. One which has been made for a young lady, who is confidently expected to make a very fine match, is of foolard in green of the palest shade, shot with gold. Over it all is a single fold of green lisse, finished with a set of three little loose flounces. The front is flounced all the way down in a zig-zag which is most becoming to the tail, slight, young wearer. There is a deep belt made of lines of screen velvet which close up-tightly over the frills at the waist, and each row of mch fastens under a little wired true-lovers' knot in front. The collar is simply a double frill of lisse with another true-lover's knot, which comes just under the wearer's rounded soft chin. The sleeves are not those great, fluffy, wide ones so much in vogue, but are quite ordinary loose coat sleeves, draped with lisse and bound round with rows of velvet, forming a deep cuff, each row terminating with little wired true-lovers' knots. The girl, who is very lovely, just 20, has light brown wavy hair, a perfect complexion and soft skin, and downy as a peach, looks a dream while wearing this tea-gown, which is a garment to conquer in. Small wonder that many men are anxious to make the second in her afternoon tea talk. A clever chaperon not much older than herself, except in worldly wisdom, carefully draws off ineligibles, even then giving her young sister many to choose from. The following fashion items are sup- plied by our Paris correspondent:—Striped flannels and blue serges are the dominating dress materials for travelling, the seaside, or the country. They wear well and look the same if simply made. The stuffs must be good and their appearance can be enhanced with silk ornamentations. For evening wear, foulards, satinettes, and muslins are popular. Robes still retain the tendency to length a ghost of a train and a sort of umbrella ex- pansion. Sleeves continue to be worn high and the shoulders square. Pinks and blues are the reigning colors. The pelerine, in black lace, is a general favorite, at once light and elegant. For ladies no longer young new yet aged the jaquette is the most suitable, and it suppresses the mantle. The yellow or black learner belts are at last being out-rivalled by loose ribbon sashes. Sailor hats are in great vogue, trimmed with ribbon, having a tip of a wing at the side. Large hats are thickly trimmed with feathers and flowers; the brims are soft to enable them, to be turned up as the wearer desires. Capelines and capôtes appear to be made of nothings—a little-colored straw, roses, ribbons, and long strings. The attempt to dethrone the black stocking by the white silk has failed. For seaside and country, the yellow shoe; for dress wear, the Molière in patent leather. Gold neck chains, with pearl stops, have a tiny looking- glass attached. 