Tales of The Education Act. NO. 1. We.purpose fromtimé to time to relate in nan^verjbrm a few facts that have come under our knowledge in connection with the above Act. Of course tlie names of persons «nfl schools are fictitious. Miss Johnstone was a junior assistant in one of our largest suburban schools. She had occupied that position for. 12 months, having worked up to it, and gone through lier whole papil teacher's course in the same school. One morning the head teacher broke in/ upon lier, as she was grinding the multiplication -table into her class in order that a, good percentage should be the «onsequence ; for even under the iniquitous result system she Was reckoned one of the smartest teachers mifcèachool; and as the school had the\iepntation of being one of the best : in Melbourne, it may be easily seen that she, as far at any. rate as her pro-' fession went, was every thingthat could be wished for. The head teacher carried in Ms hand an ominous blue letter which bore the talismanic words, O.H.M.S., and underneath, the inscription, Miss Johnstone, School No. 2450, Marlton. " Here is a letter for you," he said," "I trust it bears good news. 1 ' Now, as our. young lady had only had one letter from the mysterious department before, and that bore to her her appointment as junior assistant. She was naturally much perplexed, bat thanking her superior she waited till the conclusion of her lesson, and broke the seal. A moat matter-offact looking document met her gaze ; its purport that she had bfeen, appointed head teacher of School 9981, Quomby, Blimmera Plains. She was to proceed there at once, and on her arrival take an inventoiy of all Government property at the school, and send it, together with a report of her commencing duties, to the department. The poor .girl was quite startled. Whether to look at it as good or bad news she knew not. However, something had to be done, so the first thought was to go home and lay the whole matter before her mother. Her mother was a widow, whose husband had held-a good position in Melbourne, bat unfortunately death had intervened before he had been able to provide a more than modest competency for his wife and family, which consisted of two daughters and one son. All had been .well brought up, and when our narrative opened the son had obtained a junior clerkship in an insurance office, and the other sister was fortunate enough to be taken on probation in the Post Office. With their assistance, and by doing a little type writing for a legal firm that had done her husband's business, Mary's. (for so we will call her) mother was enabled to live fairly comfortably and keep a house around her children. Mrs. Johnstone looked .. very grave when she saw the letter. "Oh, Maiy, it -will break my heart if I do not see your dear face every day ; why can they not leave you in peace? You are doing your duty, and that right well, where you are, and why does this awful Department want to separate us ? Well, at any rate, we will see where the place is. Get the map and postal gnide,and try and find out." But these two authorities gavé no clue to its whereabouts whatever. Blimmera Plains was marked on the map, certainly, but no Quomby could anywhere be found. " Never mind, Mary, you surely will be able to decline it. Let us go to the Department and interview Mr. Black, and see what he has to say." On arriving at .the Department they were ushered into the dread presence of the chief of the vast educational system of Victoria ; and certainly he did not seem a very formidable person. A little man dressed in solemn black, with sharp features, straggling beard and a twinkle in his eye. The ladiefe explained their errand. '' Oh, yes, Quomby," he said ; "I know, No. 9981 ; Mr. Tomkins just been removed from there. A nice spot; your daughter should consider herself very fortunate." " But where is it ?" asked Mary ; " we can't see it on any map." " Oh, ft is only about 12 miles from Maketan, a most important town, with a railway station, on the North Western District." " But," broke in the mpther, " my daughter does not wish to go." She explained their position; thai she was inexperienced; had never left home before in her life ; and the separation would be dreadful. " We can't help that," broke in Mr. Black ; " it womd never do to let sentiment enter into a Department like ours. Your daughter has now had the regulation 12 months' position as junior assistant in a town school, and she must either go to her appointment or be dismissed the service,?' "3s there no way out ofthe difficulty-at all." " None whatever. J R a t - one. .vJlii^aia pershe will- have the chance of another appointment, but -we cannot, of course, guarantee that it will be any nearer to youthanihis." "WéJl, 1 'Maiy said, ^'there Is a -chance. Let as try it. " So, bidding Mr. Biack good day, they proceeded to find Major .Huntsman, the chairman of the Public Service Board. This gentle man, who was tall and thin, and with a most cold and expressionless face, greeted the ladies with a stony stare, and on their errand being explained, said, " Yes, If you can produce evidence that the school is one that is not fit for a lady to be appointed to, we will allow her to waive her appointment." ; : But, alas J what couhl thé popr^widow or poor Maiy say . "They knew nothing about the place ; could not even find it on the map. How could tliey tell whether it was a fit place ornot? The Major said, "In the absence of evidence the Board Oan do nothing; b'ut the matter,will be considered, and a reply communicated." Withîieavy hearts poor Mary and her mother returned home, and shortly a letter came from the Board to the effect that, in the absence of evidence to -the contrary, it must be assumed that the head teachèrship of School 8b. 9981, Qiiomby, -was not an unfit position for a female to be appointed to, and that MIBS Johnstone must proeeed there at once, or her name would be removed from the roll of d teachers. Thus there was nothing lor -it hut for poor Mary to make qp her mind to go, or forfeit her . appointment under the Government of victoria. The Education Department Is like the British army, in- asmuch as it requires all its teachers to hold themselves in readinëBsfor the route at a moment's notice. So the next morns ing aaw a sad parting at the Spencer-street railway station, and Miss Johnstone seated In the Cobham train on her way to her destination at Quomby. It is hard foraladleaving home for the first time to . go ainongst strangers, how much harder then must it have been for poor Mary, who up to this time had never left hçr mother's side even for a day. The longest journey must in time have an end, so in due course our heroine arrived at Maketan, and enquired there how she was to get to Quomby. Well there was a coach that went to Bungalang, and that passed within a short distance of Quomby. She had better take that, although even at Maketan there was considerable doubt as . to where Quomby really was ; only about two persons in the place had ever been there. Maketan itself was only a very fifth-rate bush township, consisting of. ' the usual publichouse, store, blacksmith's shop, and police station. . In due time the Bungalang 'côach dtove up to the door ofthe only hotel, and Mary, with a heavier heart than ever, placed her boxes on the top and took her place inside the coach. After the usual " all aboard," the driver took his seat and started, and Maiy thought it was about the most dreary drive -she had ever taken in her life. Nothing but one apparently interminable plain, relieved here andihere by belts of a most dismal looking tree called Buloke. Boad there was none, simply wheel ma&s; • between two, fences, oyer nits, crabholes and the nsaal .concomitants of a bnsh-': aiid f»s the shades of evening were drawing round and a light, drizzling rain had commenced to come down, at the meeting of two pross roads the coach stopped, and. the driver announced that she wonld have to get out hereto go to Quomby, which was, he informed her, situated about three mileedo wn the road to theleft. Poor Mary's heart jsank into her shoes ; however should she'arrive at her destination ? The driver was very sorry he did not go any farther on ihexpajl to Quomby than this,'if she went away further with him she wouid be going out of her way. So he took down her ; boxes, asked Mary to alight, and there he left her. It was now x almost dark, the rain was coming down in a delightful drizzle, not a house was visible, a clump of Buloke a short distance - off only lent a more weird and ghostly aspect to the scene, and poor Mary, who hitherto had kept up a brave heart, utterly broke down and htucst into hysterical taars. " Oh, mother, mother, if you coula .only see me. Whatever am I to do?" To go on in the dark along a strange toad, might lead to worse consequêncçs, so -she made up her mind to sit on . her boxes till daybreak. Oh, h ovr interminable the hours seemed. Mary sobbed and sobbed till she merctfullyfellintoaldndof stupor. After horns/bat which in reality were only about four, she heard the sound of wheels rumbling heavily along; Never did a shipwrecked manner discern a sail with more hope and satisfaction than did poor Mary hear the : sound of those -wheels. Who or what was the' driver y Mary did-net stop to consider, suffice that it was a human being ; and hope sprang up again in her breast. At length the wheels arrived at, the cross roads, and Maiy mustered up sufficient courage to calL stop. And stop they did. " Who's there ?" cried a voice in evidènt trepidation, itB owner was not used to meet anyone in his excursions through that district, aitd Maiy looked more like a ghost than anything else. "Can you tell me how I am going to get to Quomby ?" "To Quomby," answered the voice. " I'm going to Quomby, but what are you going to do .there?" "I am thé J new teacher for the State SchooL" " 'Whew " replied the voice. "But what ue you doing here ?" Mary explained that she had been dropped there bj the coach, and Jim Bosely, for that was the name of the owner of the voice, jumped down and commenced to lift Mary's boxes into the dray. Jim explained that fortunately he had gone with' a load to one of the neighbouring faxins and his dray had broken down/which necessitated a long stop for repairs.. A lucky break down, indeed, for Maiy. " Never mind," said Jim, " we, that is me and my missus, are only rough folks, and oùr accommodation is not of the best, yet such qs it is you are heartily welcome to. So get up and it won't be long before Bishop," this was the horse, " lands us at our destination." The transition from grief to joy was great and poor Mazy was more hysterical than ever. Yet, by a brave enors, she controlled herself, and before long a light was seen in. the distance, and shortly after the dray drew up before a bush hut. . " Here, missus," cried Jim, " Pve brought you à jrlsitor, t&dfe; a hand and help us down with her boxes." In « trice Mary was lifted down and seated under the hospitable roof of Mr. and Mrs.- Jim Bosely.' Mary's heart again sank within her as she saw the interior of the hut, which was the usual bush one, made of slabs and covered with sheet iron. It consisted of two rooms, pne the living room and the other partitioned off by a curtain, where Jiin and Ids missus and yonngBters slept. Nevertheless, Maty thought, better- this than the cross roads. A bright fire made the interior tolerably cheerful. A kettle was singing, not on the hob, for there was none, but depending over the fire from a chain, and Mrs.«Bosely, on hospitable' cares intent, qoickly made the tea ; while Jim busied himself somewhere at the back with the horse. A supper, rough in the extreme but substantial, was done full justice to ; and then sleeping matters wfere discussed. Where :was Mary to steep? The gordian knot was cut by Jim proposing to camp before the fire while Mary accepted his place with the missus. Jim's proposition was carried into effect and hardly had poor Mary's head touched the pillow than she fell asleep, thoroughly worn out with the adventures of the most eventf al day she had ever spent in her life. In the momiiig fytary went out to see the. township of Quomby. If township it was, it was thoroaghly innocent of houses, for, with the exception of Jim'Bosely's ànd an erection she saw on the horizon, there did not appear to be another human habitation. " Whine is the school IK* asked Mary. "That's it," replied Jim, pointing to thejbuilding Maiy had previously seen ; and again Mary's heart sank; After breakfast she 'started for her new home, and when she arrived there and opened the door, the key having been left by the previous teacher at Jim's, she fairly broke down again. The building was what is .known as a portable one, and was constructed on the principle that it ; could be taken to pieces at any time and re-erected somewhere else. The schoolroom was weU enough; but the residence, oh. horror! It consisted of a miserable lean-to divided into two apartments, each about ten feet square, lined with rough boards and'with a kind of iron fire place. Again Mazy: burst into tears ; to stop there was impossible. With the exception of Jim's hat no other house was visible ; where the children came ,from she could not tell. She afterwards discovered that were were two more huts similar to Jim's behind a clump oftuloke, and â form house some three miles distant ; these furnished ber schohus, the attendance averaging some thirteen children. What was she to do ? Stay in the residence she clearly could not, so she, perforce, retraced her steps to the kindly Jim's, and arranged to become one of his family—at any rate till she could see what was to be done. Then po*r Mary got out her writing materials and wrote to the Department, requesting to be at once removed from the dreadful place, and received the usual stereotyped reply in return, stating that the Department could not remove her, but that, if she wished it, her name would be recorded for transfer, and when a vacancy arose she would stand her chance with others in obtâmng It. Of coarse, ; nothing further came of it, and when we last heard of her she was still staying with Jim, hoping almost against hope that she would some time or other once more be transferred to the precincts of civilisation. Mother—"Johnny, you said you'd been to Sunday-school." jfohnny (with a iar- aVray look)—" Ifet&a.;" Mothe —" How does it happen that your hands smell fishy?" Johnny—" I—I carried home the Sunday-school paper, an' an' th' outside page is all about Jonah the whale." Old Trumpley and May Sweetly were playing euchre. " Dq you know," he remarked, "that jrhenever you hold the joker, your lover is thinking of you?' Whenever May found the joker in her hand, she could hot help blushing. Old Trompley watched her face. He won iivost of the games. Spokesman (of strikers'? committee, fifty years hence)—" ^e have decided to go out on strike." President of Railroad Company— Why, what is the trouble ?" Spokesman—" Well, we don't propose to work for a man who wears a cot? away coàt before twelve o'clock." m ? 