ST. PAUL'S CHURCH OF, ENGLAND. ' ' 3 mON SERVICE. Here was ~ a large attendance at St. Paul's Church of Epgland, Kyneton, on Sunday, when Confirmation was administered by Dr. Goe, the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by the Bev. Canon Carlisle. There were in all 44 candidates, 20 girls, and 24 boys. The girls presented a verv -neat- appearance," dressed in white, with small white caps of lace or other light material. After prayer, and a hymn had been sung, His Lordship addressed the •yotmg 'xandidates. -He said they "were gathered -on » solemn and on important occasion. It was indeed no ordinary act to receive the sacred rite of confirmation, -fie would divide his address into three divisions^" In the first place they were there to ^enew their Baptismal Vows, so it would be seen that®Ojpi£w ; priymIfie was expected, but rather a'renewal of a promise already uiaile at baptism. . They promised in Ijaptiam^to renounce the world, the flesh, and tb#devil, and'they were about to renewv^hat promise. There was a difference in the vow they were about to make, and " "iw that was made by their sponsors in baptism, inasmuch that while in baptism they.^ts infants,-had . no personal responsibiUtT-, in ' confirmation they had . all arriveiiot Hie age 'of - reason, and were for all their actions. It would not *be necessary for him to inquire the age of eacli, as all had arrived at the age of discretion, nnd fully understood the importance of the ceremony. The sacrament they were about to receive was iiriotber of the many proofs of God's great' "love for mankind," and it 6hould remind them of God's claim on their service. They were then about to engage in' a great public act, and openly profess themselves followers of the Divine Lord. <5od gave man many gifts and faculties, and man was free to choose how he would employ those faculties; whither in indulgingpassions or earthly inclinations, or in snl>dning the -passions, and devoting himself to God's . serrice. However they might resolveto subdue evil desires, and do good, they should not forget, that they, could do nothing without His help, and the Divine assistance-could only be invoked by prayer. In the Confirmationservice, that w.-us about to lie held, a-grand prayer ran through it, as the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Spirit were invoked So that each might gain the grace and strength that the Holy Spirit of God gave. The question might be asked, why expect that gift ? but the answer to this., would he, 1 >oeause God promised it, and He ,could not break his promise. There was also a special reason why they should hope to receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost. Tlioy had undergone, a course of spiritual preparation, and the prayers of others had l>een . offered on their liehalf. They' were tlius prepared for a great scrvice that was as old as the time of the Apostles, for the Scriptures .said that the Apostles possessed the^ ^ifts of the Holy Spirit, and hSS-^tSeir -viands on the new converts, and the Bishopsof the present day possesse<l the same spiritual power, and performed siniihjr functions -when administering the old'apoftoiic -nte} The occasion" should be happy as well as solemn to those aliont- (to l-eceive the sacrament, as they were al>otit to l>e accorded a great privilege. When the blind man came to the Lord, He said, " according to thy faith be it unto .thee. So, if they would believe in their hearts, God would give His great gifts- unto them. J'he -candidates then "stood up . and renewed their baptismal vows according t the litual of the Church of England and a iiymn. was snng by Mr. Straclian, assisted bv the choir. Tlie sacrament of confirm.ition w;is then administered. The Bishop afterwards contiuued liis address; he said:—They had made a publi profession of their faith in the Lord Jesns Christ. It should be pleasing to the Lord to hear such ii profession if truth and honesty were in their hearts. Tlioy were there for three purposes: firstly, to renew their baptismal vowsr seuondl.v, to receive a gift and thirdly, to partake of a feast. They were about to partake of Holy Communion, and that was a distinct profession of faith. Those who lwlieved in the Bible must ;neccnssarily lK!lieve in Holy Communion, as r, it was ii connnenioration of the Last Supper. It diould not only be a duty to receive Holy Communion, but it should be looked upon as a pleasure, as people who were hungry took a pleasure in partaking of their meals, people" who loved their Saviour would delight in partaking of His banquet. Even good-Christians would sometimes groweold, but constant prayer would remedy this. They should remember that the Hofy Communion was , no mere empty ceremonial. They were invited to come and feed on .' the Saviour, and to obtain help from Him. There were also other moans oE^gracc. -Thei-o was prayer, which had been prop&y; aiUifd the braid of the soul. Hehajtread the life of tlie X-itc Archliisliop Tait, Archbishop of Canterbury, who was formerly hoad-master of Engby School. When at_ Rugby he got dangerously ill, and-bought he was about to die. He dictated a letter addressed to the boys of the scho%" in" whiph life exhorfcd theni to pray, and read the Bible. And that letter, from their old master, whom they believed: to' *be dying, had a wonderful effect m : indncing the boys to study the Bible. The Bishop concluded by exhorting big hearers to pray when in danger, or temptation, audj-.pbofe all things, to remember the words -they:used iq confirmation, ' ! TJjine forever/' • . The'duties of organist throughout the: service "were' efficiently' performed by "the organist Miss Perkin. / '.. 'V 