Barcoo and Mitchell (Q.). Baecaldine, Julv 20. Business.— The weather keeps lorely though cold, and rain appears very far distant. There con tinues to be a great deal of animation shown in the neighborhood of our various railway termini, owing to the quantities of loading being1 despatched west ward, but very little wool as yet is coming1 to hand; 197 bales from Coreena and 62 bales from Aramac comprise the week's record. Mr. Dacev sent 3102 fat wethera from Rnthven Station to Graeemere, Rocthanipton, and sundry balf s of skins and hides were likewise despatched. General business has wonaermUy improved, and confidence is being rapidly restored. The stations are carrying on dam-making as of yore, and numbers of men will find work in fencing the various grazing farms recently taken up. Messrs. E-enshaw and Bicketts, of Rockhampton, are ereoticg1 substantial wool6heds and outbuildings for Messrs. J. Cudmore and Sons', Tara, grazing farms, and the same firm have several other contracts along the central railway extension. Horse market still dull ; nothing doing barring really good sortb. There is a dabbling in_township lands, and during the week a number of liongreach allotments have changed hand3 at prices from £20 to J6300. Tiie Land. — There has been a demand for selec tions during the last we ek, particularly in the block known as tbe Foxhall Village settlement, Lagoon Creak. Of the 60 or 70 selections in that area 45 were taken up. There were four applicants for Eome portions, but three of thsm gave way to Mr. R. Walker, whose application was conditionally ap proved. Mr. Jas. Lucas, carrier, selected 13 portions, and Mr. J. EL. Lnoas 10 portions. Sir. Fietcner selected 36 and 37 on the railway line, and Mr. If olsn Nos. 18, 19, ancT 20. For the grazing farms on Home Creek resumption there were 15 applications for one and 12 for another. The lots were drawn on Friday, before Mr. Lsnd Commissioner Borton, when Mr. W. H. Holland was euccessful in both cases. I understand he disposes of one of the areas to Mr. G. Richardson, who has an adjoining farm, but both selectors will have frontages to the railway line. There have been no applications yet for tha agricul tural selections at Bimbah, near Longreach. These blocks of land are all surveyed on splendid grass country ou the open downs, and should be very valu able for paddocking purposes, as the other agricul tural areas on Black Gin Creek are unapproach able during flood time. The cost of selecting the Bimbah areas is £6 18s for surrey fees, and the rent is £2 per year for SO acres. A paddock half a mile each way would only cost £A per year in rent. Oddfellowship. — The half-yearly balance-sheet of the Barcaldine Lodge showed a credit balance of £62 6s lid on January 1. Tha receipts during the half-year were .£185 8s 5d, and the expenditure -£167 14s 3d, inclusive of .£29 6s Sd added to fixed deposits, leaving a balance of .£79 13s Id at June 30. During1 the half-year the lodge has increased by IS members and decreased by seven, making a gam of 11, or 86 cow in good standing. The roll of wives and children was increased by 10 and 27 respectively, there being now 44 ?wives and 111 children, on tha books of the lodge. Longreaeli.— Mr. J. T. Desgrand, surveyor, has been instructed by the Lands Department to proceed to Longreacb to mirvey sites for hospital, cemetery, school of arts, racecourse, and state school. Long reaeli is attracting considerable attention just new, Tiie Co-operative Settlement.— The manage ment yesterday presented a report of the first months operations. The little settlement at the Alice have really done a vast amount of work during the period. A dense gidyea scrub-has been cleared right away, and the Boil prepared for planting. Two and a half acres have been surrounded by a stake fence, while piggeries, milking yards, wells, cottages, &c;, have been provided, all substantial work. Half a ton of potatoes have been planted, and the vineyard pre pared for the cuttings promised by the Government, funds are needed to keep tbe 72 men in necessaries until each time as the crops bear fruit, and as £20 per week is required, it ie a great tax upon the towns people, who are liberally supporting the men in their undertaking. ADy contributions eent Mr. W. H. Campbell, Champion office, Barcaldine, would be thankfully received, and donors could rely upon their money beine- faithfullv anoiied. Labor .Matters are satisfactory enough, the unionists working alongside free laborers in all but one instance. There appears to be some friction, at Eveeham, where the free laborers decline to work with the unionists. Beaeonsfield wool has commenced to arrive at the 4071-mile sidine. The track the teamsters follow cuts into the Longreach-road just above Dfracombe Township. Employers' Association.— TbeCentral Queens- land Pastoral Employers' Association held a general meeting during the last week, at which a large number of members were present. The only matter made public was tiie resignation of the special executive appointed to conduct the importation .of free laborers, their functions having: ceased, and the appointment of Mr. J. M. Kiall as manager or chief execntive officer of the association, at a salary of .£1000 per annum and travelling expenses. Mr. S. Sharwood retired from the secretaryship with a. substantial bonus for his able management of affairs daring the recent labor difficulties. Mount Mallow Station, is iha Isisforf dis trict, has been sold, and will, I hear, be converted into a Bheep station. 'Ibsen's Ghost, or Toole up to Date,' is the title of a successful skit on the Norwegian drama tist, which has been produced at Toole*6 Theatre. It is said to have been written by Mr. J. M. Barrie. It has furnished Miss Irene Vanbrugh with a character in which she has displayed re markable powers of mimicry. 