PEDESTISIANISBL CITY TRACKS DESERTED. Sport in tho Country Districts. OAKKINGl'OJf STILL SILENT. . MarrickTillo Roprosonts tlio TVcok'S . ? Doings. the Coming £80 Haudlvnp at Ltlll« Bridge— January Events a(. Uolaiij— Ylotorlau Items— Holiday Spoi-ts In City mid. Country — A Ucvlval Badly Keciled— Odd Jottings. - At Gurnoy's Flemington ItunninR Grounds a^20 handicap will bo run on Chr- stinciiDay. The Austral (Vto.) Running Grounds have n handicap of .£50, which will oxtoud over Bceouibor 22, 23, and 24. Tiio Katoombn. Brass Band sports tako placo on Boring l)ay. A 25 bots Shefiiold Handicap iu the principal item. Tho Mnryboroligh (Vic.) Sportu fixture is eroating considerable interest over tho border, and Now Year's Day will see sotuo i;ood sport there. « * . # ' ? If profcEsional i-uniiingf ia to sec a revival tho probaliility is that tlio first signs ofdolinito lito will bo manifested on the old Botany tracks. ? ?. . ». * On Christmas afternoon Donald Elytli holds a Mixed Handioup, wbon tho winner of oaoh heat will roceivo half-a-sovcreign and the right-out winner a, purao of the yellow 'mis. ? . . ? Some denporatoly close finishes nnd good . genuine goes woro witnessed on tho Murrick yillo- trnoks lost Saturday afternoon.. 'Die judgo , had to dooido Boveral vory close finishes.. . , . After tho monotonous lull in foot-rncing utely tho Lillio Bridfro ^EGO Handicap on tho I ;Slh and 80th should create some V.oon fipriiiting. Somo of our runners want e, heat or two badly just now. The starts for tin? Jnr.ce Sheffield Handicap arc to hand. W. M'Manus is on. scratch, nnd ?VI. E. Canty on 3yds, t|io limit being lGyds. In the Hurdlo Race M'JIanus is on scratch, Riving Canty 4yds, O. J. Cooney 6yd3, and 11yds to the limit division. - ' - * ' *. . ? ? ' Tho TJnitod Friendly Societies' Demonstra tion at Bnrrundulla will bo held on January 26, 1892. Tho ohiof events aro tho All Comora' ISOyda Flat Enoo aud 150yds Handi cap Hurdle Iface. Entries will closo on January 10, 1802, acceptances on tho 28rd. The Sir Joseph Banis proprietary withdrew their 120yds Handicap of 25 sovs, which.. was to have taken plane on Holiday, owing to tho' number of ontvios beinc insufficient. Iu these days it is hard to get : outries eveu when thoy aro free. At ono timo two or throo hundred half- crowns would have been tossed in for tho asking. B ' - , ' « Holly, who won the last Nnrsory Handicap at JIarrickvillo, is ouly 15 years of ago. Another lad. the same ago, named Rogers, gave. him 2yds aiid a boating tlio previous weak. When the sport looks up aprain in tho sweet by-and-byo wo shall find anew gonora tiou of sprintors. * ? 9 Tho Botany-runnHig grounds will opon up proooodings after Ken- Year's Day, aud two. handicaps will probably bo announced early in January. One will bo ;tlie popular 275yds distance and tho other a spruit handicap of about' 100yds. The prize in each instunco will, most likely, bo .825, and if peds want to licop tlio business foiug they had bettor rally ou theso occasions, Tho Carrington proprietary seem inclined to 'give up tho ghost.' Tanio pas'es, and thoy niako no sign. Dividends v/ero gpod and regular once .'upon a timo in Uourko-street,. but various eanse» have cohtributod to quite a different , condition of things. Tho ol-l logond itbout tho way '* tho goose that laid tho golden egg ' wn3 dealt with might not bo altogether forgotten whon reasons are being nought for the decadence of pcdcstrianisin in Sydney. ^ # , Some u° the times recorded in tha lant 275yds llandicai) at Botany wero so unusually fast that; although tickod off by roliablo cioefcists, they seemed too good to bo true. Tho track was in specially good lorm for breaking records. An old and careful follower of tho pmiu made tho final 26 2-5sec, which would mako Samuels boat ovons by . about throo yaids. That chronometer threatens a world's record if it hasn't been knocked out of timo altogether. S.iturday nftornoon's handicaps nfMarrlok villo was the only running during tlio past Hovcn days iu' tlio iiietropolituu divtriot. Douald Blytb'u hauclicaps. uro very Biiccosful, aud ovoko un uuioh intoroat us more pro tentious ovonts with bijj prir.es tackod ou to thuin oould do, ? ? . » ? . On tho Now. Brighton. Grounds, Lady Robinson's Boaoh, a programme of sports will bo run off on Boxing Day. It is a long timo binco a raco of any iieoount «Tontuatod on those grounds, and a pood property seems liko going to waste. On tliis occasion the Friendly Societies' SportB ?h.avo posseseion. There is an AU-onmo'rat Handicap, of 125yds, with JJ7, J82, . nnil'.Jt'l ua;|irizos, and a 100yds Nursery Handicap. Tho proccods uro iu aid of tlio Oottago Hospital. ' At NowcastlO'Mf. Moronoy's handicaps go on liuccovsL'ully,, On Saturday .night the 50th Novico Handiiian took 'placo at the Ol.vuipio Hall. Thoro :.was 'a very largo attendance, and thcTaribus events wero hotly ooutcslod. The final ondedns follows i— C. Mitclioll 1, W. H.'Cauipbbll '2, G. A. Campbell 3, C. W. llitoholl -1, J. Ashtou 5.1 During tlio ovoniuira match for ^£25 aaido was run off botwoon G. K. Conn and T*a Newton, whioh resulted in a win for Conn. ThoLiiiohhardtEunning Grounds, Balmaln road, after a 12. months' spoil, woro opouod last Saturday by- tho popular old pod, Bill Rfloy. .Notwithstanding tho counter attrac tions a good crowd turned up, and for about two hours the old grounds had a very lively appoaranoo. Tho 'event of thu day was a 73yds £3 Handicap. Every man was ou his bost behavior, nud spirited running was witnessed. Hamburger, Healy, Tlioimui, and Harper woro iu'.tho final, tho former winning a good raco by half n. yard; The promoter in tends to liavo a big event on Christinas Day, aud handicaps byery Satnrduy afternoon. ..'??.',?? * A copy of tho .Western Star Loflgo Sports (Ipswich, Q.) has reached us. Iu the principal handicap \V. Fitzgerald and Jim M'Gnrrigal aro prautieully on ncratch, 15yds ; Jim Taskcr is on 2lydSi and among thoso on tho 32yds limit is John H'Garrigal. Tboro is an amateur handicap, hurdtd race, and 440yds evont, in tho lattor of which JI'Gnrriffal is askod to- concede 30yds. Jlr. W. H'. Borne, who has been a loading spirit in those . parts for many years, seems to have framed a very good lot of handicaps, and some good runners have con'io from tho district. ? ,???? ? ?? (I Tho Baroaldino Sheffield Handicap and Champion Kaco took place on Thursday week (says a North Queensland paper) and proved a fair success. Tho Champion event was wou ? ?'— ? K by W. J. Duffy, who, after (winning bis first heat in tho Sheffield Haudicnp, ran a dead heat with G. Oharddn in tho seoond- vouud, and in tho run oiTChardon won on tho tape by a few inches. Tlio final heat resulted in a win for T. French, 23yds, who was followed homo bv'J. Smith, 12vds. and George Chardou, Siyds, inll l-5sep. '.'.' Fronch, I believe (says tho writer) is a local mira, and drivos a coach.. J. K. Smith isa Sydnoy ruunor, and has won seveval handicaps thoro. G. Ohardon is an ci-}iolicoinan, lately from Brisbane.' A iSlOO handicap has been promised at tbe Austral Running Grpuuds, Slelbourno. to be run January C, 7, and 8. Also a Novico Handicap. ...'';/..? At Emu Park, itojkbninpton, a Sheffield Hiuidicao on Scparr.tioii Day resulted: — H. }!riv:gg,-15ivdg. 1 ;' ? P. Muliou, 18yds, 2 ; A. Ottftw»y,.ipiyds,'3...\ - A Sheffield -Handicap of an ontiroly novel obaraotor is. advertised to take placo at the Polytechnic on the 2nd .'proximo. Donald Blyth has charge of tho ' Toiituro,' and . ho thinks it is sure to be ft sucuoss, nnd he ought to know.- In placo of the usual oindor tracks, tho competitors (throo-iu oaclrhuat) mount on a speoien of stationary bicyclu. A largo dial at' the buck oE the machines is pro vided with three lia'udB (ono communicating with each machine), and tlio distances aro marked ou the dial like tho minutes on a clock-, a' complote revolution rop'rescntinj; quarter milfs. Any hhndicap received by :?? I competitor is registered beforo ho mounts his | machine. W lion Uio signal to start is givon each ono poddies' away for his bare lifo, and tho ridor whose' indicator on the dial first reaches tho mark ropresouting. tho distance to bo negotiated! is declared the winnor of the tho bout. ' Ab peds nud public have oqual faoilitlties Tor seoingtbo stato of tho race bu the ragistur, tho eicitemeut, especially iu close finishes, should wax high. Entries, Is for the first ' handicap;'1 close on tlib 23th inat. witii tho promotor at tlio Polytechnic, Pitt street, and Donald wisb.cn us to str.io tliat ho v/ill be at tho Castloreagh-stroot ontranco ovory day from 10 to 11 a.m. to receive entries and show iulendiug competitors how the affair is worked. 