THE REIGN. OF BEAUTY., CL'AIPTR.R UI. Ifes. LeTroRELLE 0 closed the 0obr arid came into thebo room. The May' day had been warm and bright, but the evenings were chilly; and a small clear fire burned cheerfully in the ipolished steel grate." Violet dragged .a low chair to thebo fender.silde and dropped rather wearily into it. As bshe unwound the fleecy folds:of her dainty silken wrapper, the flrolight played on the glittering jewelled head, the gleaming..whitenesis of the neook '`.sud arms, on tohe, blended silk, and S:: lace, and flowers of the costly dress, aend on the exquisite face, to which all .these were but subserviont accessories, !As Ursula Trench-her mind filled with thoughts of tile old homely life watched her sister now, .shbe thought, . for the first time, that aslshadow bad didmmed the old buoyant brightness. " Tired,Vi '! she said half-reproaoh. fully;.' "You are really too reckless I Five entertainments in one day I If I were Charlie I would not allow it " The brightness came back in a flash to Violet Lestorello's face. '' Poor, dear Charlio, indeed I You must not blame him, Ursnla; he is the greatest sufferor by the painful necessities of my position." "'I don't know what 'position' compels you to work yourself to death," says Ursula 'renoch, drily. "The position of reigning beauty. Lord Lancaster says it is as necessary Sfor me to bshow myself on every publio ooasion nas though I were an actual sovereign." The older sister does not'emile at the half.mocliug, half-serious words. The pale, plain face that contrasts so cruelly with " Beauuty's," looke worn and troubled as she says vehe nmently: ''Do not quote Lord Lancaster to mie Vilolt. Bpealk your own honest thoughts, or Charlie's if you like, huit not a seooond edition of that man's.' Mrs. Lestorello looks up wonder. ingly in her sister's face. As a rnlo Miss Trounch plays the part of a lshadow to perfection, rarely intruding more than a "yes," or an "indeed," upbo- the mouologueno recital of trials and triumphs that usually follows one of B]3eauty's brilliant publio appear. ances. To uiglht, however, she has had the past and presenut side by side; , the contrast fills her with a vague die. iquiet and trust, and Lord Laneaster'es : name has fallen jarringly upon her ear. "tHive you had a pleasant evening, ''Oh I very I"-despito her astouisli men?t, lfrsLestorelle's. pretty mouth is :momentarily diatorted by a por .tentous yarn, but the question brings "hirl back to'lively and wakeful interest in'the conversation-" rather stiff you 'kiiorw, and terribly grand,' bt. on th6i whole enjbyable.' Such fusit, Ursula- l::her Royal H-ighneoss's ,does' was not '? jiito the carei colour, Ihit out exactly Safter that dern'velvet of mine,' the one I. woro in my, Balcony' photo.' Liin; : easter is so quick, he pointed out tlhe jolke beforeo we had boen flive minutes in thei room." .:"Launaeter.'" Ursula's thin lips 'pressed more tightly together at the sound, but:e se made no comment; Sanid Violot raobled on, her blue eyes 'fliedi upon the fire, her happy Sthoueghts recalling tlhe incidents of the night, "The Prinoo was charmning, as he lalwaye is , and so complimnentary. rMy Prince was there too, very much given to flattery also, as far as eyes go, but withl not much more to say for himself lthan the .Drlsidon chlina divinity he looks likeo. All lthe ladies -tiero was nothing under ai Countess there, Ureula--hatied me mortally of coursoe; but they lhad to swallow their feelings and io civil. Altogether it wan splendid." "Did Charlio enjoy hIimself too ?" " Charliol " - roused from hlier pleasant dreams, Violet echood the word with a droll little look of slur prised recollection.-" Woll reillv I do not know. I hardly saw himi' in the evening, and was fast aileop all the time were ldriving Ihomo. Oi the wholo I to niot thinkl Charlio muchl onjoys anly grand gatherings." " Nor do I," saidl Urasulna, gravely. "On the wholo, Violet, do you not thiunk Charlie was much happior before you were a Beauty O" Mrs. Lostorollo shook her golden head scorufully. " Before he saw me, do yonumean ' I was always a boeauty to him." "Before Lordl Lancaster discovered you and made you famoius. Violet, dear, would you like to hoar how I passed my evening ?" " Oh yes, certainly," said Violet, stifling an incipient yawn, " thlough I don't oupposo your adventures have : boon very aexcaiting." " First sat with little Violet till she fell asleeop." " As you always do, you good, pa ,tiont Ursula," murmured hler sister, 'drowasily wondering what all tlhis pro. amble was to load up to. "As I always do; and as she always does, sheo sent her good-niight kiss to papa and mamma." Dear little soul I" Mrs. Lestorollo interrupted, " she growe prettier every day, does she nol ? Ah I she will be the beauty of the season in some tif. teen rlears to Come." " Heaven forbid," caid Ureula Trench so fervently that liher sister looihed at her withll a potulhit hind of wonder. " I don't udestenud your war.ys at all, Uraula. Did your oevening's ocou pations end hero, or did you by any chance come across a ghos ot ?" Ursula Trenchl knelt downv by hler sister's lnchair, routing one olhow oni its .quilted satin arm, and watclhing the fair discontented face on which the firelight played. "I invoked a ghost, dear, a ghost who came readily at my call-a ghost 'I find it impossible to lay. The ghost of memory, of our old childish days." "Indeedood ; what conjurations did you. use ?" S'"Very simple ones, but potent enough. I have been reading my old diary." "Do you keep that old thing istill ?" Violet interrupted, with comical won toer. :" Yes, and when you come in I was just finishing my unprophotic account of our first meeooting with Cbharlie and Sir Harry Severne." "Ohl Ursula, you must lot rme readtbat too, it would be awfrll fio, if you have described it anything like properly. Never, never, if I live to Ire tire very oldest inhabitant, will 1 forget the awe and dt.estation in which you held those miserable mon just because, when first, w beholld them, my skirts wore not quite the orthodox length; you must have beeoon a predestined old maid, dear, or you never would been so particnlar." "Probably," acquijeced Miss Trench, too busily occupied inl the graver thoughts the old memories had etirred in her to resenot, or even heed her sister's polite spooeh, "Do lend me that bookal, dear," Violet went on, coaxingly; and taking Ureola's thin straight hand in her own jewelled fingers. "I know, you dear unsuvious thing, you have kept a faithful record of all my triumphs, from my first 'prentice work in the conquest of Sir Harry and dear old Charlie-to the last in-" "The attentions of Lord Lancaster. No, Violet, I will not lend you my book. It is my other conscioneo, my only confidante, and thero are entries thero you might not care to see." Something in the dry, hard toneo- tear-enggesting, but anything but tearful-roused Mirs. Lostorollo's at. tontion. She looked almost anxi. ously in the pale, tired face at her side, and gave tile hand she hold a patrouising sqaeeze. "Well, don't bo cross, and don't oex cite yourself, Maodanm Wisdom. For. tunately, I need not look at homo for flattery, so I shall not pray for a peeop at the sealed volume. Npw go to bed, thero's a good girl,. arid don't go grubbiogancy more among the iashes of the past." She pressed a kiss, so warm and friendly, t'hat the, troitbled girl! could find no fault 'with it, on Urstla's ,uplifted face, and rose to her feeoot, graceful, sunny, self.possessoed as ever \- vholly unruflfled by bar sister's ;words or inainor, tud " boiutiful oex coodingly." " Just look at tlid slthe te n in i holding up a loin 'dropping tress of hair that glittered like veritable, gold in the firelight.-" ' rosconey ivill ibe an. hour brushing me, anrd it is past two now, "rWhaa' timeo'yo uhlavo kept ie whimen I eoxpeatod to fid you in boed I Why, Ursula, it is you who load me into all kinds of dissipation. Now, for thie las' time, - Good ;night I " ' Drairig lier' fleecy walnpor roiulnd her with a pretty, gracefurl shiver overy motion and gestuetro of the Beauty's was "'!graerfll " aid prottyl at least, so her adorers told her-Mrs. Lostorollo left thie room, and left Miss Tr'nohll:to he own mileditations. Stif. Ilciontly gloonly and irritating these latter waere. ProminoUnt in Ursula's. thoughts was thre consciousness that for tie twentieth time alio had madso'a blisrideirig :'ied' r wlblly'unaseeosfritl attempt t mnake plain to her sistor's comprelonasion some of the doiuts that boset horself., To rouse lar from thie dangorous dream of vanity anid con quest iin whiiolt ltr overy siuese was Ie ing gradually rabsorbed. That thie tie of sisterly affection, once so strong riotWioen thie two orphao girls, shorld looon now, was, Ursurla thought, natural enough; but trhat Violet, ir toxicated by admirration, and on amoured of that now, grand world, into whlichl her worshiplrers lhad gradurlly dragged hler, slould float ftrther and fErther iawary from wrhole. some honme inrlrosts, ouit on tire parltliug ruromer soear of frivolity and frshiirn-c- should coase to be a corn panion to her hlusblrand, or pitry a inoetherr's part to hier child -- this indeed, was i sadder, stranger, and far more perilus thinrr . " iWhiy cannot I make hier see the danger, thu ohipwroeckl, I orosec," Miss Traench thoughlt passiornately; "and Obarlio, too-his love and siimplicity blind him as completely as her childish vanity blinds her. Somo day, howover, hris oeyes will open- sorte day he will see throough ho polite erOersr of hir great friends, and learn tirhe etimation in which * Ileauty'c Lord' is hold Iy them; and then, cih I nmy poor Violet, how will you ranswer tie wordor with whlich, howover iitter his own self-reprorce, hIe will hlrvc tire rigiht to reproach yon ?" Not for the first time trhe pillow of Ursila Trouoh wars lnoistoned with her toears; not frrr tho first timie hier slcll wits tirouled writrh vacnurly monacOing dIroatms trhat nigiht, cVhile thie object of her forobodirig terrors slept thie light and ipeacefull rlumber of a weaory chirl. As Urrsln lad ?ailc itn eonfidenco to her diary, tlrr part of " Beonauty's sintor,"--the partl she had played for five weoary enros-was neither aln easy nor iI plrlrtrrnt oero to fill. The yoke, whichi, aft or Ier fatheor's death arutd Violet's umarrriago , aito hadt bowerd her neck ito, mighrt bIo a liight and gilded ore ; but it could, aniid did, gall cruelly at times. The lifoe-story of tio twc girls, from the poiut at whict Ursulo's diary droppted, maty Ire Irielly arrrd easily told. The real oaction of Violet Lors. torollo's lifo commenceod, thie grooeen curtain rose upon theo drarroia tthat waos to be oo exoiting aind oveontful, whenr ailto danced iher olhild's ldance in tihe red seac foam of tiB DevI)onshiro coasot, upon hier sixteenth birtlhday, as Ursula Trenchl felt tliroi her carces and perplexities beogan whou Mrs. Cherovix introdnood hier niephieow and hiis friondi to thie curato's twro daughters. lr-om thaIt fatal momentt Chirlor Leostorollo's doom, at least, was anleld. Ho had thought thie gold-crownedr vision rising fromt the sea, boeautifrlt as a vision, and almoset as unreal. IHe lost hris Iheart rt ores and for avrt', to the slim nud lovely young oroaturo in the faded ribbous, oheavy boots, and ruorded gloves, who sconted Moir. Chlovenix's patrouago, arnd walked with hier bent and careworn fathoer, her plrin andr dowdy sister, through the srnuny ilrrogiular village street, as tlhougl] silu were a crioless young qrnoon, who disidained tlio du nppurr tennncer of her statt. The youmg :non profited by their introduction to for as to .aooompany Mr. Trench and his two daughters to the gate of the little parsonag,. Many and many an envions !ook did Mr. Lestoreile, walking demurnoyry with tie curate, and essayilg valiantlyiy to make emall tilk for the unhelp ful Irsula, steal at his holdter and luckier friend, who, by a promipt trairtgic mvremeint, hoid scnursed tihe lovely Violet is a comnpsion, and wao now chattiug with her in the gayest fshiion, consinig iher overy now end then to breoil into little trills of clear silvery lraughter tnhat fired the listener's heart wiri a feeling thut was almost pain. Though they, had not exchranged two senltenes, the glamour of love-fever Ihad blinded the younlg man to all other things when tihe enchantress placed tit shablby gloved hand within his palm with a gracious gesture of farewell. His only wonder afferwards wras that he did not madly squeeze ,nd kiso it, or in some other way nmako himself supremely happy and riiliculous. lie did tlot, however, uand Violet was, as yet, too unnsed to the con quest to guess at the commotion her blue eyes had caused. So she sat placidly eating th6 coltl roast beef and potatoes, the cold stowed goosneBerries and clotted cream, of the early clerical dinner, with a vigorous youthfulI appetite, untroobled by even the vaguest notion tlhat a great change in her existence was at hand; that even while she wheedled hlier economical sister out of a second platefil of the fresh green fruit and thick golden cream, a man was swearing to him self to lay Ihand, heart, sod fortrune at Iher foot, to love her, her only and unalterably, until his life's end. Sir Harry Soeverne was not long in master ig tbhe secret of his transparenr tfriend. Long before tile two had reached Ohevenix Olhass Ie knew that Charles Lostorollo'e's heart had gone out of his keeping, and that if she choso, the shalrbby parsonage Beiauty might be come thIe wife of a man who, if not exactly a millionaire, was at least wealthy enough to make thIe in. leonninus Sir IHarry very lothl to resign (tIe comfortable and not un lucrative post of guide, phlilospher, and friend, lwhiclh hIe Ihad now occupied for more than a year. Persontl ex perienc had rather taught silthe baronet to look upon such feverish firat fancies as these ase mere flashes it thIe paun, damaging no one, andt in no way dnrgerous. He ihad had dozens of them in hIris own salad days, had eour his pupils thlrrough Irhundreds, and in no case Ihad thIe reslt booeen disastrous. Hore, however, hIe felt more uncomn fortablo. "Rather a case. of mule, I'm fraid," he thnoghlt glancing sidoe. waeys at the flushed, Ioyishi face, and recalling several contra lditory instances in whlichl Crharles Lestorollo's good-natuired weoeliress had turned euddouely to strengthl, in :which hIis will, onoo aroesetd, hadl borne down all obstacles, nd assorted itself triump Ihantly ragainst all odds. The next day, and tile next, con firmed his forobodiige, and lpitngid Charles Lostorelle deeper anld delseper in love. Sir fiarry might form his quiet doxturotus plan to dram' Iris yoing T'olomaclhus vaway from tIe too pooutent attraotiorrs of thIe qsiet fishing village, might pilead lhis own weariness of Sleepy Hollow, and try to roso tIhe other's interest by vivid sketches of the brilliianti outer world; buit he pladed, pled, lild, and triuid in vain. A charm thIe outer worldl; conld never Ihohl, ai spell ho neitlher eaonld nor wllied to breali, enthralled tie young yaclitsmanu, and kiept bts pretty Clio idle in the little harbour, while tihe spritng vordoro of the trees toolks a deeper, fuller hte, while tIhe rosy tinted sea ebrod nid flowed upoi a hotter stretlch of sand, tend the butrl ing glory of Juno roplaced thi freushl andi fragrrrrant promise of tlhe vanished Many. " It's a lost battle, I fear," said Sir Harry, gnawing his black moustaclio moodily, as lie stood in the little parsonrtgo garden, tlhat was sweeoot withl all tile dear old-fashlioned scents, thie perfumeo of thie roses, aiId stoelns, and gillylloweors thart grow in wild Ilxuriance all arorund, but thet to himi in hris present moord seemed a very dlon of abomintrtion. " T'ho little iniux lhas him sure oenough. Sic ilays out of thIe last seven hi e Ihas spent with her, and to.morrow we rie to go out it thIe ' Clio.' I'd Ietter give ltp with a good grenoo--unloAess, indoed, I cat himt out. By Georgo, I wonder if that would pay? " IIo loolksn a gentlemaunly modern lophlistophnlelos, attired in cool twoeed garmenots of faultless Iuo and cut, tas he turns hIris dark brillinut eyes upon tie pair whoI stands among the roses at tie garldon-gatu ; and as hie looks hio well-traiued hIeart gives a sudden leapr and a lislht hurns in his nsur-lissed chooeek., For hIonest FaRust looks wooe bogone anid dituatl, and tlhere is more tmalicioos mockery ttlanl perilons rnl timnent in the fries thant is fr'eSIh andl fair as thie Ilowrers it is friamed in, the face of thie s;limr golden-hall ired MIargnerite. ThI' vilet. itye meet ilis iuquiriug lookI. and, or his sight deceives himn, flasih ack a sauty and trinltlhalnt tansworer. "How lovely she isl " ha rsys, foread into tardy andi rolnctantadmir. tion. " Tlfer gatne wotld Ie worthl trhe candlo, oven if thloro wro not that yortng booly to save. It would Ire wrorth somnetlhing to give thie ar'd.ecious little Ilirt a ihanrtc-ale. If it is to Ie dones, I'll do it I T'-rtorrot v shall seo me enrolled in the list of Miss Violet's adorers." lIe is an good as hIis word. By impereptili anud dllicatno delogreoe hIe passoes from thIe antatgonistiC and critical attitlude hio bs hitherto h bil, tit one of clrivalhi rie nd pro. nrrrced admiration. Violet has two sh'ldlows now ; her life is a triiumljltphit prorress, (c'oelliratOd Iyi thie strophllo iund rnti-strophl chiorius of rtudatlion which Ireir idorers continually christ. U,'snfl is howihldred and half-frigh toned by the strange, Itreistitut ieglig laidt to the chiilil's hecart. But that "chlild " takes thu poition Is easily ias tlhough olin had Irhooi worstliltel froum her cratrdle, und tretes oit hier frvltrrs withl a well-almncer d coquoet tish jutil ic that fully ju.rttitier I ir more inlttrested lover'a verldict, that hio in a horn flirt. Day by day Sir Harry grows more satisfied with the position. Day by day Charles Letorelle's hionet heart fotls a oeencr gnawing pain; he as not his montor' comlllforltable belief in the potency of his owNii nttrnctious. HIe is los honesthly 01nd iccply in love not Ito think his 5 i1ol alllobt bheyoid his reachl, Iand ,i lep despollndecy falls os his when1( Sir Ilarry eniters the liltoas no. avowed sival. That he is rich, ndt his friend a gentle m1nly laupis r, 1 0oes0 not nseem to Ilhim to minttLer much; ili girls are proverlbilly romanitic, especially little village girls like this, and she will contrast, not the full pursne and the empty, bit the lhandesomo face, the easy manners, and facile specechl of thelo all- conquering Sir Harry, with his own honmely looiks, and often.halting utterance. Still there is a manly strength, that oftntinesn verges on otttinacy, in Clarlesc Lestorells's clrsacter; ho was first in the field, ihe will give up no smallest chance tlhat may yet be his. Hfs will ask his plain question, and talse tle vital " Yes" or " No " from Violet's own red lips. Ho askls it, and withl astounding and delirious result. Tihe opportunity serves one bright Jsne day, when Sir Harry has nmost reluctantly obeyed an urgent business summons to Londoull. Iis abisence is a brief one; lbnt tlhe anxsious absoentoee chalfes thlroiughl its every snn-lit hour, and hasItens, biy every possible meants,iu sia piower, the miniute of Isis return. As his train lashles into the little gasrdon-like station, hse sees Charles Lestorolle on thle platform, looling so ridiculously lhappy, that tlhe heart of the returned guardian silnks down into Isis small, well-polislhed boots. " Oh Lord I" Ihe groans inwardly, as the two drove on throngl the soft summer duskl, to Chevenix Clhase; "it's all lost, I Isuppose, and I must malse the best of it. W\ell lswhat is it, Clharlio? That portentous sigh moans some. thing or othler --speak out, man." "You admire Violet Trnuch, I kIlow, Severne." Sir Harry fingers hIis dark moustaoho thoughtfully, and Iris dark brows are drawn together as he says. " Well, yes; I don't mind admit ting tlhat she is a most lovely girl. Indeeood I1-" "Don't say any more, 8everne," says Clsarlio, hIis honest faee flushing with the genuine oemnotion he is not man of tie world enoughl to suppress; "at least, say only thlat you cougratu late me. Violet has promised to be my mifes." Thelure was nothing unexpected it the news; but Sir Harry could hIardly take it withl theo perfect calm hs would lhave chlosen to display, though after a significant momentary pause, his con gratulitory speech was asavs and smoothI eUiongh. But even Chlarlie's lusnsuspiciOus oir detet led tlhe' hollow riisg of tie set llphrase, and1 out of his own ovelrlowig Ilhappiness ihe bh stowed upon hIis dlisa:ppointod Ifriend a generous measure of compassion. "Poor follow, he's a'wfully hiard hit," lie tlhoughlt, with a stealthy sideo lookl at the hIandsome clear out profile, loolkisg very Ihard andll stern just now; bult in his thlolghts there never eInter.ed L1 suspicios thst thle " hiit" entsiledl any pangs les s heroiO tlhani ilose of disappointed love, And so tlheo idyllic love-talo camoe to ian idyllic enid. There followed i pretty period of courtship iamong tile ferns iandll roses ldown by thi sun-lit sea. A period as brief as sweooet, for Charlels Lostorollo, ardent, impetious, wealtlhy, uand his own tsIlter, pileadedl for an ealrly date, and Mr. 'Tronch, conscioiis of failing health and straitoned mneans, was too wall pleased to insist upon delay, and so theI oll grey clihurch was docked withl flowers and lilled withl all theo urions gazers of tlhe plhtue; the triumphal strains of tlo Wedding March tloated out above the smurmuring music of tlhe sea, and witih her fathler's troemulouse voice spealtilsg the beneldictory words, ansd her sister as her only bridcesmaid, Violet Trench knielt down withl the August snslighlt slsutiung on her whlite veiled golden hIead, ansd wlsto-robsd girlish form, and rose up Charles Lostorolle's woedlded wife. CHIAP'T2tIR IV. "I say, Vi, guess, threeoo times if you lilko, the nanoo ol a man I meOt at the club last nighft, an old friend of yours ?" The speaker is Charlos Lostorello, the timo eloven a.m., the place the brealbfast-tablo, at the head of which lUrula Trench, in the neatest of frilloed morning dressoe, the most Sl)Otlees of collars and cunff, sits irro proachabily erect, dilspensiig tel an.1 coffee to Iher indolent companions. She herself has breaklrfitated long since, Ias tnken her tea and toast when littlo Violet prattled merrily over iher bread and milk; but this is a duty she alwaya fulfils, though half oonscious all the time that her lalo face Ahines acrous the china and silver slo deals with in reproaohfnl protest against the wastod time. Oftleun and often oso oolds hiorseolf for the enor, seuvero eolxpresasion she alho detess oln liar prim featurones: but li sh night spars herself the tr'ouble---noitlher of tlhose she waits on ftlink heor anything but, charmingly useful. Violet lookl tilp from iher arm.chalir at lher htiabaid's words. She has a " Soioety Journal" in htir ihands, and is conttcmplatinlg, with a tot altogeother pleasant attutetion, a crlayon aeotch, ion daiity tintehd paper, of her own fair fautnres. The flowery verseos ap pnaled she hatts slkimrned throaugh ait a gl.ance, antd tlheir sugary ewoetinscs, tlhoungh fuamilior enough, htit not even yet palled utlon helr ientanl ltoIiluet; so the imtilne linterts rentld hetr lips, though theoro is a friowui on her pretty foreheald, ti libo sayst, hlf-langfhihgly, ".[ og pardlon, ()hurlii; I watnti't quite lihtitinig 1 thini, but, thiul wroteltd paper puts mt in a fix. My picture is a oaricature-lo-quito shocli ilg I blut, thou tlu verseu flatter ioi so prottily ci nin hardlly complhiti. What didl you saiy, dittr ? Somicinu I ktiiw ? Dear mrn, 1 Iuniw haltf tlt worhl I think ! Couili't you tell ? [t is much tot wisarm for goessing. " Ah, but, you didn't luow half the werhl then," said Charlie, attaeling a pigeon-pie with a vigoroius ipllotilhe, antI epeaking with a hearty intareat that couiitrist oddly with "li wife's lazy indifforonoo; "you woron't a reigning beauty in his time, romadame Vi." Ursula loolks slharply up from her teanpot,, a sudden interest in her brightenin6g face, " 1s it Sir Harry Severno, Charley ?" Iler brother-in-law gives her an admiring glance. "You are a clever girl, Usula;n how did yon manage to guess that? Severne it was, and lie is coming to day." " Dear me," says Mrs. Lestorelle, with a faint thrill of interest in her low musical voice, though her eyes still rest on the objectionablo picture; "only fancy his turning up after all these years. Whero hals ho beoon, bCharlio ?" " O, scaoopering about all over the face of the world, I imagine. Ho had young Plutus Coyne, the great· cotton man's son, in tow fdr three or four years, and their yacht was known pretty well from the North Pole to the Pyramids; ibut Plutns han married lately, and Mrs. Plutus doesn't like yachting, or Severno either I fancy, so that connection's cut, and poolr Harry, with no worlc on his lands, lhas drifted backl to elubland again. Awfully well ha looks toi, not an ounce of oextra tleshl, and as brown sno a berry." "Is ho as ihandsotno as over ?" Charlio's mouth is over-full for answering; but his eyes round in1 amazement. " Well," lie says, after a pIortentoils gulp, " I never thought cif looking; 1 suppose he's ill right ii that way; ho's very jolly I know, and rattles on no end. He was very curious about you too." " About me, in what way 2" "WThy, you see, lie heard of your celebrity even at the antipodes, and wanted to Iknuow how our little Devon shlire girl becamo Iransfoormed into a reigning beauty." "A pity he ihad nothing also to tallk about I" interrupted Ursanla, sourly. Miss Trenchl so seldom iitarforod in conversation not addressed to liher, that both liher companious favoured liher with an astoiiished stare. Saa ing this, sel coloured slightly, and volunteered a not too lilid explana tion. "I mean, if I were VTi, I should be so tired of this everlasting talkl about her 'beauty' and liher 'cele brity.' After all shlle is not an actress, or an aquarium Zulu, that her name should be made public property in this fashlion I" Amusement and pity minglo sweetly in the smile MIrs. Laestorelle vouch safes as her solo answer to the sister who so little understands the dignity and respoisibility of her position. To her husbanld sihe says with unusual energy- " Whenever Sir Harry comes, Charley, I shall be moro tlhan pleasied to see him. I have met no one eo amusing as lie." " Nor I," agreas Oalrlesy, heartily. " Dear old boy; it will seem lilke old times revived to have himn back again." And Ursula bending over her tea cups, mindful of liher first mistake, says nothing at all; hut to hlier mor bidly mistrustful vision the horizon seems liono tile clearer becnase Sir Harry Soveruno hals appeared upon the sceie. HIe appears bodily not long after this, and hlin manner to his friend's wife is as perfect in its way as overy thiimg appoertaining to Sir Harry some. how managues to be. 'IThelre is the affectionate greeting of the unfor gotten girl-frienld, the delicate racog nitiom of Itlie reigning beauty, and just tihe fainltest euggestion of qoelled Imemlorie s and crushed regrets, that must at any cost be hiildein fromin tihe loyal wife by the loyal friend. All thlise Violet, blushing as ehe has ailmost forgottou how to bllushl, roads in thie halndsome face thatl e bidi above her, wliilo Charlio Iboams bo nevoleutly oi theo scene, and thiinks how niice it is to lhave Ihis friend aga.in. Lord Lancaster, whois also present at the interview, hardly regards it with the name unprejudiced eyes, aIiud meitally soets down " BOaeity's Lord" as eveO a greater fool tlihanli ho had hIithlorto thoughlt him, which, eousiloer ing his not exaggerated estimate of pDOr Clirlie, may Ie pronouncied rather a diflionlt feat. Thle innocnt object of disparagemnent, Ihowever, rattlen onl quite at his ease, aud lliss felly unconscOious of the judilgmeit that colndemns him. " It's sunch a relief to have Severou bhackl again, and Vi seems as pleased cas 1, whlich is a bleesing, as we don't alvays agreo in our choice of fi'ieids." " No I" says ILord Lanaester duli ounsly, as his darkl eyes rest rather auxionsly oii thie pcitureeque pair in the foruiillied window --Violet radli actly hovly in thie ethlierel bllueo of her ldainty tea-govwn anlll coqunettishl imohli-cap, leaui,,ug bnck ii her laow quiltcd-satin chair, and turning the laugliing light of her violet eces ipoi thleci cli had usurped mii piuco iesichi her; " Mrs. L.eti'ollo and Heovoreo eore, I conciude, old friends '?" " Oh, Lord, yesaI" says thie fi'auk Charlio, too absorbed in his occiupa lioe of sctting Violat's two chiof pots a toy-terrier of luirnaulocs diwarislh nless iand a Persian hitten, which oncealeld aitn iccl bodly somewhiore in the midsdt of a forest of anowV-white lhauir--flighting, to nolice the significaunt changO in his companion's well trcained fancs. "As old as the hillo quiet, TIc.ttlhs-tha:t in to nay, hab lknow him blefore nlho was married; in fact, we made her acquaintanucu to gether." Lord Lancaster does not pcuriea the slhject, thoaulgh it ia by nio means lhauished from his thoilghlts; andl as Ursula at athic momenut onterl with little Violet, the tCi's.a-ititc are blroken ulp, anid onvorseation ieheuoiio ge?oeoral. The child, a small goldon-lhaired fiiry -whloso dninty beantly is not off by all tice quainit artistio prottinoes of modern ehilld-ostume -- aolheys her umthlor's call with.l shy docility; nndl ccme.ec forwardi to lie prosonted to Sir ilarry. .Time deep bilu eyes upraised for Ithe v'isitor's inspection, ire a liiesimnil i ol' tlioso ou wlelich he hils IIont 'ga:ing w;ith ardent, nd. inirltion for the last hIalf-lhotr ; c t lhe wasteso no more luhan half cc ulinito upon them. Bir HIarry inhas i real and innate dislike to children, though on occalsion he can cultivate them n assiduonelyp ns he essays to cultivate i Miss Lestordllo now. But the little j lady will none of him; a few minutes t1 vhe liogers an unwilling captive by h ier mother's chair, tlihenii she slips oilff nIIId lids her pil way to iTr athe's It knee., |nltl setling down contentedly there, prattles away with unreCserved delight. Ursula Trenchl watclhes tbe group thilesimle unsuslliciou0 ; hband, tho vain spoiled wife, ald the two dubious t outsiders- with curiously anxious eyes. The child'a significant choice betweeon lier parents, noticed now--but not for t: tihe first tirae-is a troublb to the enxioeus ister; in whom, celibate foredoomed though she knows herself to be, theI mnternal instinct is keeon end strong. If only Violet would i ihowi some jealonusy of that stroii g i preference, Ursula would be more at iar ease. But no; so long as the child is pretty, prettily dressed, iand forms a graceful adjunct to her drawing-room, Violet is umore than content; holding herself a model d mother, and blessed according to hlier i dleserts. Sometnimes, indeed, the elder sister ventures to remind tihe younger, how the-ir mother halld carod 'or them, and worn out her fragile lifo in that all-engrossing, never ending care. Uit, the reminder servues io prpose, for" Beauty " only shrugs I hler graceftl ihould(!rr, land half-yawn iiigly pities " poor dear maiulma, such a pretty girl ac shel miust have been too," ' o sahys, with reminiscient ady, miiration; " very like ume, I think poor dean, fancy westiug such eyes nd ihaiir as helirs down in a country i parsonage. I wonder if she over linow how the' possibilities' of iaher lifo were wanrted." 1 " Never," said Ursula sternly ; "she was content to be a good wife and mother, and never dreanmed of the glory of the photographier's window. OYes, Violet, you may be angry if you can. Oh, my dear, I wish it were easier to rouse you to such anger as that wretched jargon rouses in me. Mrs. Leostorullo laiuglihed, not quite so lightly as usual; in spite of lherself, the paissionate scorn with which 'Ur sle deproecated the idea of the "photo grapher's window" for bar dead umothor's face lad stung mnd wounded hlor. She 1asd thought helr sovereignty a thing which oil women would covet. Yet Ursuili spells of it 11as as a desecra tion to the memory of the dead. It was well for the restoration of Beauty's eqiuanimity that hlier sister's exhorta tion waes scceecded by ai longdiscussion with her milliner, and the production of a costume so exquiiitcly artistic and becomniug tlhat a new made widow mist ineeds ihave dried lher tears at the sight. And while lshe wooend back peace to liher perturblied bosomn, Sir Harry Soeveruo was busily implanting thu Needs of what promiscd, in the filness of time, to be au abundanut harvest of thlorns in lher husband's unsuspi cious heart. iThe two men had taken up the thread of their dropped inter course, apparently just at the point whlro the youngr' muan's marriage had ilitcrruptedl it. Sir Ha.rry, who ;uaw himielf for thie nonce, a Montor with no Tielmachuis in tow, was more tlhan anxious to resume thie old relations; and Charlio, vwarm.lhearted and readily responsive to all claims upon Iris alfce tiol, bored too by the society into which his brilliant wifl had dragged him, and remoirsefuilly coiecions that. ihe haill come betwoon his friend and what lhe thought was a sincere aund disiuterested love, met him more thani half-way. Cliarlio hod a tlhousand things to toll, the old hablit of confession grow ing strongly upon him as he 1spokie, and Sir IHarry was the best, the most attentive of listeniers. He hald his iiin reasons t'or wishinllg a tlhorough agjquaintaiice with hisi frionds mind, gso before taking up the place of ruling spirit, and no way, hie knoew iy long experience, was better than the simple one of leaving his garrulous jiunior to ran on at his own ewoot will. So the conversation was for lith romost part a monologue, only interroptd now aund then by a careless, guiding question. But the dark eyes tlhat ilhone through the light wreaths of smoke that rose from the scented cigaretto, and curlod gracefully round Sir IarrVy's eliapoly dark head wrn ats heoonly visatchfil as thouih their owner linteno:l to stato secrots of deopest intereost. Aniid yet the story Charlos Lortorollo hiiil to tell was simple enouighl in all its do tails, the plain story of a ifllicieUntly happy married lifo of tivo years' dirma tiol. " Sufllciently," nio nmoeo. Sr Harry's keenly crilical sar detoted a somethinig, of which the speaker him sell' wals hlaroly conscious, in tii flnant words. Not a cominplaiiitl OI Charlia's love and prido in his beautiful wife were unmistakably genuineo; but a dim, lhalf-foll saens ofsonsething lack ing ii his house that made it leoss than hiome should be to the hiome-loviiing manl. This was the listionr'i firast carefullly noted discovery. lhe second, led up to by a leading qiostion of his own, was that no single iiuspieion of nenasy doult, born of IMrs. Lestrolle's fashionable colobrity, had crossed Clharlio's loyal uand simple mind. That the fresh girlish loveli ness tlhat lhad dazzled him long since in the Devonshire villago, should in its maturor charm takel tihe larger world by storm, uanomod to him too natural a thing Ito waste one wander ing thought upon. Personally lho might regro6t mlh calmenr days, tie swoeet untroubled hours of homely peaue and comfort, that dazzling calo brity had swallowed up andl destroyed ; Iut lhe tliolght o no more of blaming tlaln of doubting lher, and lhe doubted lher ans little as hle doubted the blune nesa of the May-day sky, or the little bluoc.yed child who was the apple of hiis aie nd tihe idol of his heart. " IHow lon I have you lnown Lord Lancaster ?" says Sir Harry, lazily, in lbetween the pulls of his oigarstto. " lie wasn't onei of your et whenou I left Eiinglndl." "No," says Charlio, laughing, "and ovni now ihe is more iu Yi's not thanu risio. Wo met him on our honey lloonl trip, in Florence. We atayed there a couple of monthnl , you know, and lis eistr', L"dy Mostyn, literally ravedil at Vi's beauty, and never rested till sho'd brought him over to eoo I the new beauty ' as she called her. I did not much care for her ravings, nor indeed for herself. She seemed a fantastical foolish old creature," added the ecndid Cherlie. " Do you know her, Sevcrlno ? " " Do II hlow the tentih Muse, do I know the Imo?t ?eIsthetic, tile fastest, hei most devout, thle inoet eccentric, ie moiit Irainles,, 0i t 'tist the most capricious of fashionablo fite ladies? yes, Charlio, I kinow Lucretia loltynl to the heart's core; and I trust cs little as I know her. Are she andl hire. Lestorello friends still ? " " Oh ! Lord, no." Charlie locl;ed the ashes from his pipe, end laughed as at somte amusing reminiscence. "Thlcy quarrelled tremendously in Vi's tiret setason. Ladly hlostyn had fountd ia neow beuty--a girl with brows likl blaiclisig brushes, and eyes like live coails, I bIlack frizaly heand, tnd a primrosecull'sured clii. However, to go iback to the beginiing, ' my lady' wcis tremesidously gishing; and she ald Viole:t becsimie as much like sis ter s as the I.wenty or thirty years' ditfl'terence betwoon them--which my lady at least ignored complotelyg weould plrmnit." " And Lord Lancasiter became a brother, I supposo ?" " Well, lihardly thatt; Ihe admired Vi immenesely, of course, but his interest was qutite paternal' ; lhe does not emu lets his iste"'s sexngenarianu girlish niess. Hlowever, they both agreed that she had only to appear at court to taIes the world by storm, and Lady Mostyn bleggeod liermisioa to present her." " Which you accorded ?" Sir lHarry's watchlful alstudy of the frank face never relaxes as the story goes on, though he puts tihe question with half-drowsy indiffleoreuc. "Well, I suppose I did," says Charlie, dtubiously; " but tlhe fact is, they did not consult me until they had made all tllheir arrangements, and thlon it was too late to object, even if I had wished to do so, which, on the wholo, I do not Iknow that I did. " \Well, we all comne home together. Vi was presented, and made her mark atonce. We got lugged--Lord knows hlow--among such Ia lot of swells as I never dreamed of. Thoe ladios, as I tell you, soon come to cap-pulling aasong tlhemselves, aud Lady Mloetyn took herself off in high dudgeon; but Lancaster laughled at his sister; de chined to tako sides, nd lhas stuolr to us over cillce." " And it was he whlo gave you your nick-niame, I proesume," says Sir Harry, quietly. Quietly as he speaks, however, thore is sonothling in words or toneo that ifalls jarriugly on Charlie's ear, and brings a transient look of annoyance to hIis face. " What., ' Beauty's Lord?" he says. "H-ave you hoard that? No, Lancaster never gave it to me; that's some newspaper fellow's joke. Con found his impudence I" " There'st at goodl deal of that to confolsid niowadays," the other agrees, tranquilly; "and the jokes-well, no, that is hardly the word-- tuhe para graphs, the piquanto anIecilotes, tho sonnots to lips, and curls, and eyo brows, that hivo fallen to Mrs. Lostorolle's share, have bieoon neither few nor far betwoon, have they, Charlio ? " His friend's light words hardly seem to have a cheering effeoot on Chanrles Lestorolle's mind. He nods his head half-sulkily, and stares out of the smolting-room window, with a vangue trouble in his hIonest grey blho eyes. Somethinsg--ho hardly knows whats-is stirring, uneasily in hIis tlhoughts, and bringing a dull unaccountable acho to his heart. ''Things that have never struck himu before come on him now with lthe force of conviction, andl a sudden light soeens to blinld and dazzle him. 'The flash lasts a moment only, then dies awaey, leaving him Isowildorod and confused, but his unsuspicious self agairn. Sir Iarry is rising and stretch ing himself, as hIis eyes come back to the room. " Asloeep, Charlio ? " he says, with his cheery, munical laugh. " Well, talking over old times is sleeoopy, if it is a pleasant occupation. Buit waknt up now, old man, and lot's talk about the good times to come I " Charlin accepts tlhe invitation readily enough; ithe talk runs off into nieow clhannels, and waxes loud and chioory, anld tbi old frionds lay tlhsir plans fur thlis future. But every now and thenl there comes to Charlos Los lorolls's mind tlhe shadow of an n comfortable thouight, and at intorvals thlrouGlsoit the evening Iohe finds, withl an angry start, that hIis thoughlts are vwandoring unaccountably from the businesus hlie has in lhand-that he is Slinteitng with keeoon, and iunussal intot Srest, to the cluhl.mon's talk of the b seauties, oolobritios, and scandals of Sthe dsy. Aind Meontor, out of an engagement, 'returning in tlhe small hours to his modest Ildgings, dooidoes that just at t present he will not trouble to look out for a new Tolumachus I (T'o be continsedt.) 