[?] ZBTT 'YEBA'?T,' * Author of ' With tho Tide,' -- Hard Hit,' ' Bine and White,' &c.; SPKOIAIiliT WRITTEN FOB THE ' REFEREE.' All EIGHTS BESEBVED, CHAPTER XXV. 'WE'VE BEEN SOLD. DESPITE their Iosse3 Hector Flushton and Marlow thought they could manage to come up to time on settling day, and the stake won by St. Almo would, help, thorn to square accounts. Marlow had astormy interview with Tom Case, and he did not get the' better of it. He onenlv accused tho iockov of Dullins St. Alino in the trials at Caulfield, and al though ho had denied it, he did so in a half-hearted kind of way, and at the con clusion said : 'If you don't think I rode square, I'll leave your stable. I've done a lot of dirty work for you, and I'm dashed if I'll do any moro. I can tell some nice tales about your horse3, so you'd better not say too much about mo. I backed St. Almo if that's any cousolation to you, and so did my brother, and wo won a fair stake You see, when I'm let alone I always ride to win,' said Tom, with a grin. ' You're a pair of scoundrels,' said Mar low ; ' and the sooner you clear out of this the better I shall like it. I'll take good caro your character's well known, and I don't fancy you will got many more mounts.' ' Say what you like,' said Tom. ' I don't think the public have a very high opinion of your honesty.' 'We've been sold,' said Marlow to Flushton. ' No doubt about it. That ? lad, Case, pulled St. Almo hi tho trial. What a cer tainty it was ; but, by jove, if Blake had como sooner with Blue Blood wo should have hod to put up with second place, I fancy.' ' I always said St. Almo was the better hprso,' growled Plushton ; '.' but you will have your own way. You see what* s come of it. I'm about cleaned out.' ' I thought you said you had a good thing to fall back upon/' said Marlow. ' So I have. That's my businesa. Wo don't share in it. It's not a racing trans action,' snarled Fluahton. ' Blackmailing then, I'll bet,' grumbled Marlow. ' Take care. You may go too far,' eaid Flushton. 'Notwithyou.Ithink,' saidMariow. ' I know you pretty well. Some of your trans actions wouldn't bear much light being thrown upon them.' ' Well, it's no use quarrelling,' said Flushton. ? ' We shall have to make the best of it. Do you know who ia tho biggsst winner over St. Almo ?' ' No,' replied Marlon- . ' Eeubon Potter,' said Flushton. Marlow's language will not bear ropeat inp;. He nearly choked with rage. It happened that Eeuben Potter had laid their St. Almo monoy off for them, and, of course, had kept it himself. 'Ee must have been in league -with those lads,' said Marlow, when ho had mastered his temper. 'No doubt about it,' said Flushton. ' They've had a nice haul.' ' Curse them,' said Marlow. 'By ? , I'll be even with them yet. I'll have re venge on Beuben Potter if I swing for it.' The trainer's countonance bore such a, fiendish malignant expression that Hector Flushton turned pale as ho said : ' For Heaven's sake, Marlow, no violence. You look fierce onougli to kill the follow.' ' I'd liko to shoot him as I would a dog,' said Marlow. ' Look at all tho good things ho has stood in at with us, and then to back on us like this. If ho were here now, and we could keop it dark, Eeuben Potter would not enjoy much of his winnings.' ' If you talk like that I'll wash my hands of you,' said Flushton. ' We've lost tho race, and boon done all round, but it will only make iuatter3 a thousand tirna worse to take revenge iu that way. No, it won't do, Marlow. .Drop thus game, or I'll not go in with you again.' ' How are we to pay him back ?' said Mnrlow, ' I tell you I'll be revenged on him. Potter shall know what it is to ttunper with lads of mine.' ' we 11 Una out a way to get at him, said Flushton; 'but it's no good usinj; violence, at least not if we are to appear in it,' he added, as an after thought. ' Ah,' said Marlow. 'That's not a bad idea. Can't we put somebody on to him. Wo might do it carefully, and no ouo ba tho wiser.' 'I'll think about it,' said Flushton. ' It's a dangerous game, hut I'm quite as much in earnest aa you are about having our revenge on Potter. He's been the prime mover in this affair, you bet.' Dangerous men, Mavlow and Flushton when thwarted, but, liko most men of thi3 class, arrant cowards at heart. They would do deeds at which man trembhi, if the chances of detection were small, or if the odd3 were in their favor. When Marlow thought over the affair alone, he became more and more imbued with the idea that he must have it out with Eauben Potter. But how; that was the question. He knewPotter well, and had been the means of putting money into that individual's pocket, and he considered it a mean action for tho man to go back on him. Marlow was also well aware of the haunts Potter frequented, and somo of the gambling clubs were occasionally the scene of quarrels, which might easily result seriously. He thought tho best plan would bo to get a set of men at one of these ilubs to play cards with Potter, and then he could accuso him of cheating, get up a row, and in the scuffle that was almost sure to follow something niifrht happen, whioh could not well be fixed on any single individual of the party. Marlow was almost on his last legs, and the defeat of Percussion had beon a severe blow to him. It was not the loss of his money troubled, him so much as the idea ho had been outwitted at the game ho fancied he had no equal at. Meeting Eeuben Potter casually in the street, Marlow said to him : 'I hear you had a big win over St. Almo. I'd like to know where you got your information from. What induced you to back hini ?' ' That's my business,' said Potter. 'I won a fair stake, and managed to get on the right one in your stable for once in a way.' 'You've been in at a lot of our good things,' said Marlow, 'and I don't think you have behaved square in this business. If s a conspiracy, that's what it is, and by jove, I'll make you pay for this before I've done with you.' Potter laughed. He was a man quite capable of taking care of himself, and he did not value Marlow's threats one iota. ' Do what you like, my friend,' he said, 'but recollect the hw reaches pretty far, and you'd have a bad time if you got into itf '-letches. Take mj advieo, Mar low. You've teen licked at your own game, and you hod better make the beat of it.' Marlow said no moro but walked on, and Potter as ho looked after him thought : ' You've had a nice knock this time, my friend. If you try and take your revenge out of me, I reckon you'll have con siderably the worst of it.' Strange things happen every twenty four hours, and crimes and deeds of dark ness are perpetrated almost daily. Tho papers teem with horrors, and evidence the rapid advances made in cruelty and diabolical outrage. Melbourne ia a vast city, and has its scum and refuge of society in abundance. The Monday night after the Newmarket Handicap did not differ materially from any other night. People hurried to and fro, and the theatres were filled with the usual throngs. It was past midnight' when Potter left his club, and with none too steady steps proceaded on his way home. He had won a considerable sum of money, and his luck certainly seemed dead in. He pulled out his -watch and looked at it for a few moments. - - 'Nearly one o'clock/' he muttered; ' dashed if 1 see a cab about anywhere. Hato walking home nights like this. If I mot Marlow now it would be a lark. I'd shake every bone in Iiis body. He lookod precious glum at the club, and bo did his pal, Flushton. Well, it's 'no business of mine if they did lose their money.' Potter walked on, and pasaed the Princess Theatre and went into the park. ' Short cut/' he said, ' think I'll have a rest.' Ha sat down on one of the seat3, pulled out his pipe and commenced to smoke. He remained thoro a few minutes whon a policeman came along, and he evidently knew the bookmaker. 'What, is it you, Mr. Potter ?' he said, in a surprised tone. ' This is not a very safe place at this time of night. You'd bottftr get homo. Let me go part of the way with you ; it's on my beat.' 'AH serene,' said Eenben, as he staggered to his feet, 'fact is, I've beon having a night of it. Won some money and got a little more champagne than was good for me. Such things .will happen, you know.' ' Hold up, sir,' said the policeman, as Eeubon stumbled, 'you're not very steady on your legs, but I think they'll carry you home, now you have got so far.' ' Beon a pretty useful pair,' said Potter. ' I don't want to dissolve partnership with 'em yet. What's that ?' ' What's what,' said the constable. 'There, don't you see something,' said Potter, pointing to a few bushes at one side of them. ' There's nothing there, Mr. Potter, said tho constable, aa he thought to himself, ' he's got the D's sure enough. I think I ought to see him home.' 'Fancied I saw a man there,' said Potter, 'It was all fancy, sir. . There's no one about,' said the constable. ' I'm all right now,' said Potter. 'It'B notfar to my place.' The constable hesitated, as he said: 'You're sure you're alright now, Mr Potter.' ' You bet. I'll he home in ten minutes. Good night.' ' Good night,' said tho constable, as he watched him walk away. 'He'll get home right enough now. It's not more than a quarter of a mile to his house.' He went back again through the park and resumed his monotonous round. Tho clocks chimed the hours, and the con stable listened. Three o'clock. 'Only three more hours,' he said. ' Beastly cold nijrht. Shall be glad when I'm off duty at six.' Ho stopped short, and listened. He fancied ho heard someone running along the street, and drew back in the shadow of a doorway. No, ho must have been mistaken. Ho looked out, but it was too dark for him to see far, although the lamp throw a dull glare around where he atood. He drew back again quickly. There was no mis take about it this time. He could hear the footsteps, but now tho individual, who ever it was, must bo sauntering leisurely along. The constable walked in the direction in which the person was coming. In a few moment3 he was face to face with a man he fancied he had seen before. ' You're out late,' he said. 'Yes. I'm au early bird, ain't I? You see us poor beggars has to get up very early in the morning to make a bit before breakfast. I'm hungry now, you bet, and have been prowling around for the last hour, just to keep warm.' i ' Which way did you come ?' said tha constable. 'Eight along there,' said the man, point ing in the direction Eeuben Potter had gone. 'I think I've seen you before?' said the constable. ' Daresay you have, mate. I've been away from here for some years, but I've had no luck. Been at all sorts of games since I went Sydney way. Koving about the world don't seem to suit my constitu tion.' 'What's your name ?' said the constable ' That's pretty cool,' was the unabashed reply. ' I'm not ashamed of it. My name's ? .' ' Well, what is it ??' said the constable, impatiently, i ' Don't bo in such a hurry, mister. I don't fancy I've got a card about me,' said the man, a3 he fumbled in his ragged waistcoat. ' Nono of your nonsense with me,' said the constable 'You've no business roam ing about the streets at this hour of the morning. If you won't tell me your name, I'll find you a comfortable apartment until it's daylight, -when you can explain matters in the court.' ' It's very hard a decent honest man can't walk the Btreets without being run in for doing nothing.' ' How do I know you're honest ? ' ' said the constable. .'. ' Howiio yon know I ain't ?' retorted the man. ' ' Come, give me an account of yourself, and I'll let you go/' said the constable, ia a more friendly tone. ' My name's Bob Tomlin, and I've been a sailor, a horse coper, a lumper, and heaps oi other things, but there's one thing I've never been.' ?. ' Whaf b that?' said the constable. 'A loafer,' said Bob Tomlin, T/ha constable laughed, as h» oaidi 'And I hope you never will bo. : Don't get into trouble, and take my advice, don't roam about the streets at this hour of a morning, it may got you into hot water.' ' You're not a bad sort for a coppor,' said Bob, as he tramped on his way. Ho had not gone many steps, -when he turned round and shouted : ' Say, constable.' The constable halted, and said i 'What is it?' Bob walked slowly bock to him. ' I've thought of something else,' said Bob. ' Just boforo I met you, a man wont past me, running liko mad, and cut across yonder park place. Ho did givo mo a start, and I just caught a glimpse of hiB faco. He was pale as a ghost, and looked scarcd-like.' 'Curious,' thought the constable. 'I fancied I heard someone running.' 'Thanks,' ho said to Bob. 'I'll look round.' Bob -went on his way whistling, and the constable resumed his march. ' Wonder what tho deuce that fellow had been up to, running like that. Must bo something wrong about him, or he'd never want to get over the ground so fast.' Suddenly a thought soemod to strike him, and he walked rapidly along the road Beuben Potter had taken a couple of hours before. It was a shade lighter now, and as he reached Potter's house he looked around carefully. 'All seemed quiet and still. The house was not a pretentious one, but comfortable. Thore was a garden in front, and the ver andah was covered with creepers, and in addition to this, trollia work had beon fixed np. * This obscured the verandah from the road, nnd the constable, to make sure all was right, opened the gate and walked quietly on tho grass up to the stops. Everything looked in proper order, and ho wo3 about to go away, when, seated in a chair, at the far end of the verandah, ho saw the dim outline of a man's figure' ' Must bo Potter,' he thought. ' Per haps he sat down and went to sleep thore. He must have been bad to do that.' He went up to the recumbent figure, and then saw his surmiso was correot. It was Eeubon Potter fast, asleep, with a handkerchief over his face. . The constable shook him by the shoulder, and said: 'Come, Mr. Potter, get up. You'll catch your death of cold hero.' No answer. . ' He sleeps soundly,' thought the con stable, and shook him again. Tho motion caused the handkerchief to fall from Potter's face. The constable looked at him with a gaze of horror, as the dim light shone faintly on tho face. There could bo no mistaking the meaning of those staring eyeballs, nearly starting from their sockets. Tho livid features were distorted, and the face was horrible to look upon. Eeuben Potter was dead, strangled, while asleep in the chair in which tho con stable found him. (to be contistted.) 