JftaiX jfoioff. LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] _ _ London, June 19. 1891. Jiy the death of the O Gorman Mahon, who succumbed on Tuesday last to an attack o£ influenza, the House of Commons loses one o£ its quaintest and most picturesque figures. What was the great age of this curious old relic of bygone generations few accurately know. Sir Harry Verney and Sir. Gladstone are indeed the only living men who can re member him even comparatively young. He entered Parliament in 1830, and was one of Daniel O'ConnelTs most influential supporteis in the groat struggle for Catholic emancipa tion. As early as 182G we find references to the O'Gorman Mahon in the letters of Sir Robert Peel, who speaks of him as an in^ fiuential jwrson to be looked after, possib'y mprisoned. O'Connell and Peel have been dead more than 40 years. At one period of his life the O'Gorman Mahon played a prominent part in the Government of a South American Republic, of which he was | at once Lord High Admiral aud Commander- I in-Chief. His stories of this experience, of the I ladieshe loved, and the duels he fought, brimmed I with humor, and nothing pleased the veteran I better than to recount them. The O'Gorman's I appearance of late years resembled that of a I huge and sliaggy buffalo. His manners, how- I ever, were full of old-fashioned courtliness, and I ladies invariably declared he paid them the L most perfect compliments. The O'Gorman Mahon could never be made to understand the age of duelling had passed away, and compara tively recently almost wept because an Irish member would not allow him to carry a chal lenge to Sir William Harcourt. On another occasion, conceiving himself insulted, the old man presented a prosaic Tory M.P. with his card, and said he hoped to hear from him. Mr. Parnell was the last person the O'Gorman wanted to challenge. The Royal Family from the Queen down wards have been greatly exercised by the severity and unanimity of the strictures upon the. Prince of Wales. The Duke of Cam bridge, who is very susceptible to public opinion, 'worked himself into a state of almost dangerous excitement on the subject, and_ on Saturday, when the old soldier met the Prince at a military conference, his language was, to put it mildly, forcible. The peccant personage himself at first inclined to smile at the press comments, opining the censure would miss the mark with the public through being overdone. After, however, interviews with Lord Salis bury, Mr. Gladstone, and other trusty coun sellors, H.R.H. awoke thoroughly - to the gravity of the situation. George Lewis is said to have told the Prince that he | reckoned Sir Edward Clarke's speech would give the Radicals 100,000 votes at the general election. The best defence yet offered for Sir Win. dimming, who was cashiered out of the army on the 10th, is Labby's, in last week's 2 ruth. If the Solicitor General had made the coup de Irois theory as plain as Labby does I think the jury would ? have disagreed. Unfortunately even Labby's clever special plead ing can be easily demolished. He bases his case on the Wilsons and Levett alone having noticed irregularities. Unfor tunately the two Somersets and Mr. Sassoon, though they declined to swear they had seen dimming cheating, would not swear his play was perfectly regular. Hence they were not called. The fact which to my mind speaks strongest for the Wilsons' conduct generally is that whilst nearly everybodv con demns the action they and General Williams and Lord Coventry did take no two writers or talkers can agree exactly what they ought to have done. I have heard endless discussions on the subject. Every other man one meets lays down the sound law with much firmness. l?req\iently he indicates unconsciously that he would have made far graver mistakes tlian the persons he ao gaily condemn. ' Whydid theydragin the Prince?' is a question ignorant critics_ nearly always put. The answer, of course, is that all con cerned knew his Royal Highness would like to be consulted. As a rule, indeed, nothing pleases the Prince better than to act as arbiter in social difficulties. Quarrels between persons he knows are nearly always submitted to him, and more than once he has intervened success fully in cases requiring the utmost tact and delicacy. Sir Wm. Gordon-Cumming and his bride met with a tremendous reception in the north. At all the stations between Perth and Forres enthusiastic crowds assembled to cheer the pair, and at the royal borough itself the provost and town council presented an address of welcome to . them. This contained no reference to recent events in London, but rehearsed the good deeds of dead and gone Cummings, and the indeb tedness of Fortes to the family. Then the horses were taken from the carriage, and a bevy of brawny Highlanders dragged the vehicle uphill and down dale to Altyre. All this, if Sir William should perchance 'be inno cent, will be consoling, but to a guilty man how soul searing. One reads that the baronet didn't like it, but for his wife's sake endured the '. fuss. Lady Middleton, Sir William's sister, accompanied the bride and bridegroom north. She is a singularly beautiful woman, and a great favorite in the mo3t select circle of London society. Nothing would persuade Lady Middleton to associate with the Marl ? borough House set, aud she considers the mis fortune which has overtaken Sir William a judgment on him for consorting -with low-bred folk like the Wilsons, Mrs. Wilson particu larly. There was an unusually large attendance in the Commons at question time on Monday, it being generally understood that unless the queries put to Mr. Stanhooe on the baccarat case were satisfactorily answered, the Radicals meant to move the adjournment of the House, and generally make things 'hum,' as the Yankees say. Fortunately the tact and sound good sense which has pulled the Prince of Wales through many awkward dilemmas did not desert him now. After discussing matters with various trusty counsellors, and forming his own impressions of public opinion in the papers, his Royal Highness came to the con- . I erosion that there was nothing for it but to ^J frankly apologise. True no precedent existed ^J for snch a proceeding, and curiously enough , ^ the Queen did not like the idea. But the Prince recognised that the proprieties must be pacified. 1 1 was not necessary for him to say much. Jf lie admitted an error of judgment people would fill in the gaps and understand he meant to be more careful in many ways in future, and, jjaraphrasing Mr. Benjamin Gold finch, swore to 'give up baccarat.' The ques tions put to the Secretary for War practically asked— of course at great length — what steps were going to be taken with regard to the officers who had broken the Queen's regula tions. Mr. Stanhope, in reply, said : — Any honorable member who examines the regulation in question will, I think, see that the chief per son who has brokeu it was Sir William Gorion Cumniing, because he did not report his case to his commanding officer, according to the re gulations. Any offence committed by any other ofijeer can only have consisted in advis ing him and pressing him- to take any other course than that laid down by the regulations. Of the three officers concerned — one, General Owen William?, has retired from the army, and is therefore not subject to the Queen's re gulations. The other officers are undoubtedly subject to it. The regulation in question, Ko. 41, has_ never been specially brought to the attention of the Prince of Wales ; but now that his attention has been called to it, and in looking back to all the circumstances of the case, his Royal Highness has authorised me to say that he now sees an error of judg ement was committed in not., requiring LSir f William Gordon-Cumming' at* once to report ins case to his commanding officer. In this view of the case I concur, and I should like to give expression to my own personal opinion that if any of us had suddenly heard of a friend of ours who, moreover, had greatly dis tinguished himself in the service, having been accused of dishonorable conduct, we should have hesitated before at once taking any course which would immediately and irre trievably blight his whole future life. Mr. Berkeley Levett has addressed a letter to his commanding officer expressing in veiy proper terms his very great regret at not having acted in strict accordance with the regulations. It is not proposed to take any further action in the matter. A very interesting pendantto Mrs. Oliphant's enthralling ''Life of Laurence Oliphantf3 has jnst been issued in theshapeof asmaJl brochure containing some personal reminiscences of that erratic genius by Mr. Louis Liesching, late of the Ceylon Civil Service. Mr. Liesching lived as a boy under the care of Sir Anthony Oliphant, then Cliief Justice of Ceylon, and was educated and brought up side by side with Laurence, or 'Lowry,' as the family always called him. The Oliphaiits Jwere then evangelical, and a devout evangelical Mr. Liefiching has always remained. His explana tions of the causes of the various religious phases Laurence Oliphant went through are probably correct, and he throws valuable light on the character of the Prophet Harris and the ' Brotherhood of the New Life.' Oliphant endeavored to convert Liesching to the 'New Life,:- and lent him Harris's works. Mr. Litsching read them carefully and discovered the doc-trine of the brotherhood to be in the main modernised Buddhism. Harris's earlier works are, he says, full of noble thoughts and true perceptions of men and things. Here are two short specimens: — '1 know that in all ag«is the minority has been right, because it has be»m advanced; while in all ages the majority has been wrong, because it has been sluggihu and sleepy and spell-bound and obstinate.' ' When God sets on fire the soul with love and light and liberty, all the fetters of 'sectarianism are but shrivelled flav bands ihat consume before the fiery heat ! they pass away in sparks on the air; the man forgets that he was ever bound by tbetn.' Later Mr. liarrifs reehriftened Chrysantheus, and Mrs. Harris, n.-chriRteni'-d Chrysanthea, claimed to fcavo been- dirtily inspired to write & grotesquely b!u---;-.!:.-iuc»us work ciTkvJ 'Tiio lord, the Two iu One. lVt.-la.re-!, SyLanJlW.. -.l. Gloiitied. ' Mr. I-iesoIiiujj ii:«?:i;J-.\i qaovla; a chapter from this on 'Oar Lord Him '. fedted on Earth Among tU» Artuasd,' I ait ou looking: at it :iftei- a !:i;i~3 of tSu;s he declares, '1 lind it .so biaspheawu?, so foul, o coarse, tluit could I briisg myself to eo;\y what I had i;i view, no respeetab'.is ^pabli.ih.-M1 would print it. It refers among other taui£3 to a child called * Chrysantiiilv;,' whose vuLUie L» also'Usie.' This 'child is the child born to ChrysanthiHis and Chrysanthea, ft* tho fcrot fruit of their nuptial union in the earth, and lie inherited from hi= mother into tlia iixoduaM of the ante's, and from his father iatj tad loyal freedom of the divine natural H1*'-. Chrrsantbeus is called 0:1 for a song 111 tins lower world of artisans, aud here is a specimen of bis iiispiit-d poetry : — Pipes :!:«! iili\ jjij'OS and a^o ! lie w;iu ro'jfi ?? t'3 the J.oi-i ;;: tVein, Though he v. ;tl' *:-/£ a::d se.i:. U- £ -^S. j;-.;»- iomiii;. ro Jerusalem, , Ji-ra^aleii:, Jerusalem ; May journey to Jerusalem. Let ]-arsoii5 iii their gospel shops Give broken pipes \viiiioui a stem. The effect of this song is such that one of the artisans found -words to say, ''I cave in, mates ; progress 's played out.' And this is the stuff Laurence Oliphant found an improvement on the prayer-book. It certainly does show, as Mr. Liesching says, 'how' far astray the keenest intellects, the most refined natures, the most shrewd minds, may be led when once they abandon their reason and moral sense to the guidance of another.' . Oliphant Trent wrong in his religious lite Irom the moment he began to dabble in occult science. This was at the age of 17. What he discovered Heaven alonekuo ws, but it destroyed the youth's simple evangelical creed. Ironi that time till he reached 36, and joined Harris, , Laurance, though outwardly successful in all j lie touched, was filled with a spirit of unrest, j This is shown by his letters to his mother, j There we see his dissatisfaction with himself, his j introspection, hisremorse. Churchfoikneverthe- j less -he scorned. 'Piccadilly'' indicates his views ; with regard to parsons, missionaries, &c.;, very j dearlv. ' Then,' says Mr. Liesching, 'came : a time when he was allured by the fascinations of clairvoyance and mesmerism, and then came a moment when contact with his new teacher j persuaded him that, while mesmerism was o£ 1 the infernais, there was, to those who sought j it aright, access to the higher and holier in- '? telligences ; yea, even to the Lord Himself ! My own belief, after many years' consideration ? of the subject, is that the one is demoniac, bub j the other is Satanic, and that the latter is the ; source of the inspiration of the deluded j * Brotherhood of the New Life.' Had Laurenea , Oliphant steadily pursued one object he would j have been less versatile, charming, aud fasei- j nating perhaps; but he might have done ; much, very much, for the good of society.' j Oliphant, Mr. Liesching finally assures us, was , fullv alive to the danger of ignorant, careless or curious persons tampering with the terrible ' spiritual influences which we are beginning to ; recognise exist without our understanding them. ' He regarded experiments with hypnotism as he would have done those of a j man playing with gunpowder, with the danger- ? ous nature of which he was unacquainted. The ; ? day is, I firmly believe, at hand when a new i cult will so sway mankind that in its lurid i light Christianity will seem a failure. Anti- ! christ will be its champion, and Satan his j energiser and inspirer. Woe to him then who = has abandoned the old landmarks, and drifted ; away into his toils V \ Mrs. Grimwood, the heroine of Manipur, has arrived in England and is staying with her sister at Howe. The Royal Red Cross has been bestowed on the ladv, and by command she has -visited the Queen at Windsor. Though the , Bed Gross is only a nurse's order thereis no ? other in existence (not even the V.C. itself) which has so good a right to be called an 'order of merit' General Booth has at length definitely denied that he lent Mr. Stead money to start the Bevitto of Bevicivs with. The only bond be- . twist the salvation chief and the master of Mowbray House is ' the bond of sympathy in doing God's work.' ' I never,' said General Booth the ether day, 'gave Mr. Stead a penny.31 The new stories by the author of 'Mdlle. Ixe' are very slight and delicate, but thoroughly artistic in tone and execution. The 'Hotel D'Angleterre,' the longest, tells a dainty love tale without much plot perhaps, yet full of subtle character drawing and effective contrast. The little book is well worth a shilling. The story of Rudyard Kipling's illness 13 wholly untrue. On Monday last, at any rate, he-was well and busy arranging a trig to the States. Kipling's new volume of stories con sists of bis contributions to the English maga zines in 1SS9-90. The best are ' The Man Who Was,' 'Namgay Doola/' ' Bimi,' ' Without Benefit of Clergy,' raid 'The Incarnation of Krishna Mulvaney.' Beatrice Kipling, mother of Rudyard, has written a novel called ' The Heart of a Maid,' which is already out in America and will be published in England by SfaeniilLms. 'Hartland's Heir' is the title of the new Btory which that 'emancipated' damsel Meiae Muriel Dob ie will write for Bow Bells. It commences to run on July 3. I can't say I altogether like Miss Dowie's 'Girl in the Earpathians.' She may be, as she tries hard to convince the reader, an unsophisticated child of nature. I confess I cannot stand her cigarettes. They crop up on every page_. Miss Dowie must be for ever puffing, and a girl who \- smokes may be virtuous, clever, and beautiful, but in the words of Mr. Mantalini she's ' deni nition vulgar.' Additions to Bentley's green sene3 include Miss Carey's ' Mary St. John,' Miss Brough ton's 'Alas!' and Marie Corelli's ghastly nightmare 'Wormwood.' Spencer Blackett announces 2s. editions of paptain Andrew Haggard's 'Ada Triscotfc' and Florence Marryat's 'Scarlet Sin.' Would-be comic epitaphs are seldom par ticularly laughable, but occasionally one comes upon a really ingenious device, such as the following : — Beneath Oils so i and under these trees lies all that is left of Hiram Pease. ; k He is not here, if s only his^pod ; ' His 8012I has shelled out ana gone to God. : The deceased's wife, however, bad a passion ' for condensation, and ran the four lines into one thusly : — Here lies the pod : the Peas are in heaven. Robert Buchanan's elephantine attempt to ridicule Ibsenity in 'Heredity,' or, as it has now been christened, 'The Gifted Lady,' struck me as the dullest, heaviest piece of fool ing I ever remember to have seen on the stage. The plot is the plot of ' The Serious Family ' and 'The ColoneU' Substitute the Ibsen craze for the aasthetic craze, eliminate every trace of humor, and add an atmosphere of what the author calls 'colossal suburbanisni' and you have ' The Gifted Lady.' Miss Fanny Brough wrestled vainly with an impossible part, as did W. H. Vernon. Miss Julia Nielson and Mr. Fred Terry, the leading lady and the jeune premier of the Hay market, are engaged. No wonder Mr. Terry's love making in 'The Dancing Girl' seems fervently realistic. The season at Mr. Tree's theatre ends on the 27th, when the company go into the provinces to fulfil their pn^nai engagements in our six leading cities. The house will reopen in October, of course, with 'The Dancing GirL' These last few months have been as lucky to Mr. Alexander and Mr. Tree as they have been disastrous to other managements. 'LaCigale' reaches its 250th night at the Lyric Theatre to-morrow. Business at the \- Frgiisti Opera is slack, and two novelties are in preparation. Two short one-act comedies and a merry farce of ' The Critic' order called ?? A Pantomime Rehearsal' were produced by Mr. George Edwardes at Terry's with marked success on Saturday evening. Whether such a mixed programme will draw in London re mains to be seen. Six guineas apiece is the price asked for a stall at Co vent Garden on the night of the Ger man Emperor's visit, and such is the demand that although levee dress will be compulsory £10 and £12 has already been paid. The pro gramme, as on the occasion of_ the Shah's ?' command,' will be mixed, consisting probably of acts from 'Lohengrin,' 'Der Meister singer,' and ' Faust.' ' Formosa' proved such a complete failure at Drury Lane that 'Drink' has been put in re hearsal, and will be produced on the 28th inst. ?with Charles Warner as Coupeau. As soon as this piece is fairly set going 'The Sailor's Knot' will be got under weigh. The programme at Toole's Theatre has been further strengthened by a pantomimic version of ' Ici En Parle Francais,' in which ' good old Johnny' plays Spriggins -with a white face, a Ja Enfcmt Prodigue. The fun is possibly a wee bit long drawn out (a common fault, by the way, of Mr. Toole's), but the idea itself is good. ' Ibsen's Ghost' crowds the hou3e to excess every night from 10 to 1L Mr. Henry Brodribb Irving, eldest son of the tragedian, will make his professional debut in the revival of ''School,' which ia now being busily rehearsed at the Garrick Theatre. Mr. Gilbert Hare (son of Jno. Hare) and Sydney Brough (son of Lionel Brough) are afeo in the cast. Miss Kate Rorke aspires to succeed Mrs. BaDeroft as Naomi Tighe, and jjap. himself will of course recreate Beau Farintofch. Mr. Irving on dit will be en f.r7i**wJ with the important part of Jack £«?** wigimJly played by Mr. Bancroft. irttr. r,o of ' The Gondoliers,' which was pro ~rse&} &P; T-«wjnber 7, ] 889, ha3 come to an end ?f. ?frrtf.w-sy Tbfi*fcrt;. Tho new piece appears v. rfr^w&Si; zx.tisdart.irm either to management rjp Twyfcwar^e it. haa been re-wntten and 044^9$ sw5 OTfferJ =3J w*jr«, hut in atijl found wM,fe£. Tie &»y «f 'Th'5 Rajah' deaU ?vritit ttfft rsjmrpljf-#£Fft» arising '»-it of th'j_lovo cA ix. high t»Rt« firt&h;? for *-? I'jrar *j»at«- maiden, and is GiJbertwr* rr» ter&*iTt-izr,f., It may in terest some of your TP.fSrJ*s*= if, luy.yi »,bv- 'in.t«w of the various prtyinntirmsi ftt f.hfi Kaviy 'Jurinsj «Ju; tnnt 10 years. The thcatrfj ww f-;«r.«W --n (ttiVfc* 10, 1881, with. 'Patience.' hrmr'n*.-,-!1; i*avewil ? mouths piwijusly ;'.-? tin O'Jdra C-ciaique. Th:*j iaa to Kovijuibjr Uii, wi-.i- u ' lolautj-.t'' «\v« ]ji-.-iuo-J ; '' l'raiOHs Ida1' iu January, l*-:4 ; ' Ths ljfi:cvi.-' i:i Kareii, Jil-iri; '' Uudd!t?OTO' i:s Jauu ary, 1SS7 ; 'Ti:-- ^Voiiirfsi ~ot tlw _ C:iai-.i' iti Octoix-f, IS.Sd ; ;ui;.i ''The- Goiidolicts'' in December, li-:v-, folloivyd. Thv lotigs.-i!; (j£ tho»e liui.i v.as 'Tho .Mika'lo's,' &uS; t'u_^ hi:ort-.*t *'Kudd:'ir:-iv.' Sc\e;:ii revival-: fo? lov.^d U:e lalU;i: oik! ptt-«-.l^J. ' The Yeoaien.' Ti)* ICOlii i-.-i-fonii:mcv of ' ij'Kiifiint l'i'cdigue'1' has tal:trii pLuv. wiic-n the 1io-.i=b »as, ax usual, ci:tuiiiie;l. The Pfinow- of 'Wales und her dau^ htm\; Iiavc been Tour tiuit!.^ to sec this pretty pautomiiae, which takes a gi'eat huld on soir.-* imagiiiations. Others, curiously eisough, find it dull, yawn uadis guisodly, and wonder vvliat their enthusiastic neighbors find .so attractive. AVliea ' L'Enfaafc Pi-odiguev L= done with Mr. Sedger will put on another piece of the saiae description. 