AfiTA POPHO aVla. JT*y JIT \y JuiLo By The Flanetjb. The children of this generation know thtic way about. More especially those children who av - partial to the game of politics. Take the child B. E. Wiee, for instance. Anyone with even the half of a gla s eye can see that he is worrying himself baldheaded in his wild de ire to once m -re enter the Parliamentary arena and pocket the trifling honorarium which our noble-nnncLd patriots forced upon themselves. He knows per fectly well, however, that if he stood out and boldly declared he waa again willing to sacrifice himself on the altac of hiB ble- ding country, the people would rise up with a mighty howl and see that the sacrificing wag done in a stvle that would put him out of the political world for ever more. Consequently, he 'keeps dark off the weather bow' at present, while his friends takw soundings now and then to a?ceitain if he iD drifting into3afer waters. Being c worthy pupil of Parkes, Mr. Wico knowa the value of swim ming with the stream in ouch a way that the spectators on the bank may get an idea that ho i? carrying- the stream along instead of the atreara helping him, and as tbe current seems to be running: ia the Libour interest at pv-sent he is endeavouring to float on the top of it and appear as the cham pion of that now very important personage the ' pore worrukun inabn ' The idea ia good, but I fancy B. R. will eoon fiad himself, like M'Ginty, at the bottom of the sec. Worth Sydney has been particularly fortunate o£ late in the way of entertaining angels unawares and well-advertised angels some of them were too. Latt Sunday week word was pa«sad round that a new MeBsiah of tbe horny-handed had just arrive! and would preach the Labour gospel that night in the Oddfellows' Hall. A fine audience rallied up, and a further ais.1 of mystery was spread around the proceedings when a Mr. Biddell took the chair an-3 announced that a certain well-known ex-M.L.A. and Minister of the Crown would address the meeting on tbe ticklish uubjecfc of ' Freedom -of ^ontrael-/8 but this gentleman had stipulated tb at no advertise' merits were to be published aad no reporters allowed to lake notes of the meeting. This raised the expectation to boiling point, or course, and all looked anxiously for the solution of Mr. Riddell'a riddle. Presently Mr. B. R. Wise stalked oa the stage, like a ghost from some dyspeptic InferaOj, and with a heartrending groan the humbugged audience with one voice sighed, ' Well, I'm hanged I' Of course they were not hanged, but some o£ them mi^ht have be^n sentenced to death on the folio tving Tuesday if they happened to be in Dubbo, for the same Mir. Wise appeared there clad in all the pomp and cir3uui3tarice of a Crows Prose3uto-\ The reason for keeping his North Sydney meeting so quiet, and for his appearing more lilie a t'aief aboat to rob e, hen-roost than a great social reformer about to witch the world with his Cioeronic orit)ry, pro* bably lay in the fait that many of hia relatives and friends would look upon his spouting bs a desecration of the Sabbath and refuse to ever walk on tbe same side of the street with him again. JoBsequently, being a wisa child who believes it is possible to serve Wo masters, he en deavoured to rope the sympathies o2 the ' worrukun matin,' and at the same time keep up .his reputation for sanctity with Ms rich unco guid relations. The result wqb not woita the risk. Mr. Wise'a address had ho more effect on the North Sydneyitea than a snowball would have if palted agarns?i the gates of Sheol, and the Sabbath-breaker came home t?ith the subdued air of a man who had killed his b sfc friend and had just returned fion burying the boiy. The child Parkes— and a lovely chili he is to?, heaven blesa him !— is another who clearly sees that he is standing on a particularly slippery spot iusfcnof?, and it will require all he knows ia the arb of skilful balancing to enable him to keep on the rail and avoid coming down with a sicken ing thud in the mud below. His Federation cake ia all dough ; it has utterly failed to divert the attention of the people from fiscal, maters and other similar troubles, audit has cercaioly proved fco be the most unprofitable herring Sir Henry ever took out of hi3 cask fc.-, draw across the hunt ing trail. Here ig a true tale in pr^of of this. During the recent Randwick ni3eting two men were holding up the ' Metropolitan ' bar with hVmis* Vio.^lra vT7Vmn Arm ani^ ** W*Vin.f*c! ttaii i» rtriinirt?! about Federation ?' ' Federation ?' replied the othei, with a puzzled air, ' I never heard ot the horse before — what weight is he carrying ?' So much for Sir Henry's fizzle. Now that his Federation fad has failed out Grand Old Manoeuvre*- ia sorely puzzled where to find anything like firm footing for his tottering feet. Hia position just now resemb!e3 that ia which a gay deceiver named Keginald Kipeit Montmorenci found himself one night, aa he .poked his head tbrjughthe bedroom window of his soul's ad orec1, and the startled lady, who bad just packed up to elope, escjaimed — ' Why that affrighted expression on your classic f-alu-e3, my own Reginald ? Ara we discovered ? ' To which the gasping lover replied, 'I'm sure of one thing only, darling, and that if, some enemy has care fully removed the ladder from beneath my feet, and unless I can get another foothold down I go on top of the bull-d og's kennel.' Sir George Grey removed the Federation ladder from Sir Henry's feet, and unless the latter can get another foothold down he will go before thia year is over. He knows this perfectly well too» and hence we find that the subject of Federation is to be quietly dropped during1 the coming Session. A bogus programme, containing enough work for fibo yearp, is put forward for the nest five months' Session, and ia addition t- this, Artful 'Arry has actually written to the New South Wales Labour Commif-sion asking when they can farnioh him with a report, as he ' want3 to introduce legia« lition next Sest ion! ' What a time the horny* sanded worrukun. mnhs ia having, to be suyg I But yesterday and all the frill-shirted and tanued-olipperod dudes in the City were hiied to give him s. 'good bard knock' i£ he dared to stand up for the honest rights of labour, and to-day we find the very man who signed the en rolmerit warrant actually falling out of hie clothes itt his wikUxcitenieat to legislate for the benefit b? this now moat important p«rty. Yesterday v;e had a gibbo1; erected fifty cubits high and ko wtra prodding the worrukua in-ihn along 10 go up aud be hanged ; now we are prep »riag to deck him out in a silk hat and a 7-guinca suit, and drive him in ^he Governor's carriage through tbo city, while Parkes rides a'o the head of the procession and calls aloud: ' Bow down, ye rich, for the worrukun inahn is kiog t-day !' Happy sons of toil ! Your Premier is dying to grip jour 'orny 'ands once mice ; yon ace at Ia3b app;eai&ted; at your true worth (or your votes are — wnich is the same thing ia politics), and if ?ou had it ay money to land, or i£ your names weio of any use on the back of a little bill, there is no saving to what high offices you might not aspire. Oh that I were a linker or a tailor, or a navvy or a nailer, or any other m mber of the pampered wage-earning errwd to-day ! ''if the law was a ' hass' in Bumble's time, it seems to be a whole paddock full o£ John Donkeys now. While deciding a sporting case the other day JudRO Wilkinson honestly owned up that he was unaware whether he was doing right or wrong. Possibly other Judges find themselves ia a similar fiaat t'mts, but they get there all tbe same and say nothing about their peiplesitieE* There can be no harm ia foaiiing opinions, but it is generally a dangerous thing to state one's rea sons for bo doiag. Judging by the sentences laoled out by our wortby Solons o£ late, it would seem thai Judge Wilkinson ia not the only one who mui find him self a trifh fogged at titne3. For instance* Banker Bradley, who gob av/ay with something like .£20,000, was saat up for sis years ; B- nker Bruces who aanexel J55OOO, was treated t » five yeara.; and an unfortunate land agent 11 in d Haynes, whose total defalcations did aot exceed ^16O3 was crushed with a senfceace of eight years. If this soale was followed out to the bittar end, the man who misappropriated a tram ticket ought to be bounced into gaol for life; while the mis creant who did not embezzle at all when he had the chance should be hanged, drawn, and quar tered. ? The clim&K; of the law's vagarie3 was reached about a fortnight ago, however; when Judge Windeyer sentenced a man at the Matiand Court to 10 yeass' penal servitude for an alleged at tempt to comrn t a rape, while a few days afterwards Judge Inaes, at the Metropolitan Court, sentenced three men to five year*/ imprisonment for actually committing the same offence, and under circum stances which would seem to be almost identical with those of the Mount Kennie outrage for which some of the perpetrators were banged. Some one must have erred ia those matters, and these errors are becoming so frequent now that it is high time Parliamentary attention was drawn, to them. The Mait'and case might, I think, be im proved by having a fresh lriial altogether. By the way, our worthy East Maitland corres pondent recently declared that ' probably half a million o£ my a-Jmiuera are not quite pleased with me besause I once promised to prove that St. Patrick was a New Z^alander and I failed to keep my promise.' This puts me into tbe soup com pletely, and I see bat 1 570 ways of wriggling out of the difficulty. One is to boldly assort that I was sf misreported,' and never said anything of the kind, but as I happened fca ' report rayed?/' I am afraid that tbafc particular rooster won't fight. At one time I could saddle the blame on the broad shoulders of the ' intelligent eompooi tor,' a3 he wag then mertly a caitiff slave specially employed to bear the sine of the office ; but as he claims to bo a worrukua inahn, and has a vote, we have to pay him as much respect now aa a Fiji Inlander dcea to his home-made wooden god. The safest thiug to d -, therefore, is to iul pt a high tone (ao Parkcs doea when in ;i. .-ijjilar pre dicament), and therefore I rise to remark that I trust our hon. c rresjoadenL for Eatt Mai-land's reminder is not the to ginning of my being called to accouct for every pn mise I have aa?ein pub lic papeis. It is sufficient for ae to posse* s the proud consciousness of having ' kept oil promises that should be kept in the inttrc.ts of the country,' and as it doetn't matter much to the country whether St. Patrick was a Bogaa native or a Bashi-Bazouk, I treat the East Maitland taunt with a scorn and a loathing that would warp the soul of a Darnley Ioland mummy. I also 'sweep it to the winds,' stigmatize it as ' a withered tarantula,', sarcastically inquire if 'itis tnouher knows it's out/' and mw retire grace fully, comforted with the assurance that this Parkeeian can't-be-bect st)le of dealing with such annoying affairs will Eettl-3 our correspondent'n hash in one round, and prevent other persons blessed with Buch baas'-.Iy retentive memoiieQ ?' from attempting to rim me into a corner again. Touchstone with his ' retort courteous ' was all very well in hio time, but the retort Parkesian is at once courteous, dignified, valiant and to the point — besides being tither too absurd or too dis gusting to provoke any further eoia.uien.fc, 