LOCAL NEWS. Cricket.-A match has been arranged (to take place on the Maitland Park on Saturday npxt between the Vacy C.C. and the Mercury C.C. Play will commence at a quarter-past two o'clock, and the following will represent the latter club : Andrews (2), Mitchell, Doherty, Chessell, Arkell, Nancarrow, Boban, Carroll, Bussell, Filmer, Ogle, and M'Grath ; emergencies, Crowe and O'Brien. East Maitland Borough Council.-A special meeting of the East Maitland Borough Council was convened for Monday, the regular meeting called having lapsed owing to the prevailing epidemic. There were present: The Mayor (Mr. G.-T» Chambers), Aldermen Rohan, Ewing, and Dalton. It was stated that Alderman Alcorn waa unavoid- ably detained, having been called upon at the last moment to see several patients. Mention was made that some of the aldermen were laid up with in flnenza. After the time fixed by the Municipalities Act had expired the Mayor decided that the meet- ing had lapsed. It was understood that the aldermen would again be called together this week. The Great American Circus.-The Government Veterinarian, on being seen to-day, informs us that Messrs. Sells's horses, which ara now at the quarantine ground, will remain there until the department is satisfied there is no more disease among them. At a meeting of the Exeoutive Council held this afternoon, it was decided to proclaim that portion of Moore Park on whioh Messrs. Sells Brothers have erected their canvas a special temporary quarantine ground, with the object of guarding against the aceess of horses owned by private individuals to the ground recently, used by the infected animals.-Tuesday's Echo. Wolfe, Goerick, and Co. are sole agents iui Maitland for the Taeping Mixture (the beat tea out) and Camp Coffee. 6104 Collections for the Maitland Hospital. Carrying out a resolution of the committee of the Maitland Hospital, the Honorary Treasurer, Mr. E: P. Capper, has forwarded to the banks, business houses, collieries, and factories, and to contractors, etc., circulars and lists, requesting managers, prin- cipals, employers, and heads of departments, to collect subscriptions in their establishments and worka. This method of collection enlista a large number of persons in the work, but entails no great labour on any individual. We hope, therefore, that Mr. Capper's request may be actively responded to, that in fact the means thus afforded for helping an institution whioh deserves the heartiest public sympathy will be eagerly seized, and that each person asked for a contribution will give according to his means. Mr. Capper asks us to say that if in the distribution of circulars and lists he has omitted any establishment, on being informed of his neglect he will straightway remedy it. A Thoughtfue Provision.-In another column MisB Wolfe, the energetic President of the Pierce Memorial Trained Nurses' Home, makes an im- portant announcement. The influenaa epidemic is a sad fact. And the committee and the nurses have been made painfully aware that there are» ma¡ny cases of suffering which cannot be adequately alleviated in consequence of the lack of the nourish- ing food so essential an ingredient in treatment. Poverty is a bar in some instances ; in others, where the whole household is prostrated, ability to prepare available food is temporarily absent. lu these circumstances, the Ladies' Committee and the Nurses purpose to come to the rescue. Beef tea, eggs, and milk will be obtainable_daily without pay at the Nurses' Home in Elgin-street, the only con- dition for procuring a supply being the production, of a note, either from the doctor in charge of a case or from a clergyman. This arrangement is calculated we are sure to promote the successful treatment of many cases of influenza, and we con- gratulate Miss Wolfe and the Ladies' Committee on the^ development of a happy and benevolent thought. Poor Consolation.-The Armidale Express oE Tuesday says :-One medical gentleman who has seen its operations in Italy, declares that noxfc'year the influenza epidemic will be more severe than it has been this year. Sudden Death at Morpeth —Yesterday at noon Mr. H. Crothers, J. P., acting coroner, held an inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of an old woman, Mary Ann Hoolihan, aged 61 years. It appears from the evidence that Mr Butler, Council Clerk, had a conversation with deceased a few days since. She then complained of ill health, and said she was hardly able to get about. He knew that her health had been ailing for a long time previously. Dr Bennett had attended to the deceased on two occasions. She was then suffering from vomiting, the result of chronic gastritis. On Tuesday evening he was sum- moned to see her, and found her kneeling by the side of the bed her head resting upon it. He came to the conclusion that she had died some two hours previously. Her face was much congested. There were no marks of violence upon the body Dr Bennett was of the opinion, having heard the evidence, that death was due to heart disease. The jury found accordingly. Ministries and Open QuEbTiONS-In the Victorian Assembly on Tuesday, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen gave notice of the following motion, con- tingent of going into Committee of Ways and Means -That this House, being the House of Commons of Victoria, will ever maintain, as the undoubted privilege and right of the Commons of Victoria and of this House, the fundamental prin- ciple of responsible government as now estabhsoed, hy virtue of which the Ministry as a whole and .each individual member is responsible, second to her Majesty only, to this House alone, that thy House will insist, aftei the will of this House has heen expressed and defined on a question of great public policy in a bill brought into this House by the Ministry, amended by this House and read the third time in this House with the concurrence and on the votes of the Ministry, and so accepted in this House as the expression of their Ministerial policy, then that any member of such Ministry, whether ho has a seat in this House or not, who publicly opposes such a bill, is not loyal to the expressed will of this House, and has forfeited the political confidence of this House, and ought to ?cease to be a MmiBter of the Crown " New Post OrncES -Post offices were on Mon- day established at Grogan, between Young and Temora ; Omega, between Kiama and Gerringong, Springbrook (Mount Poole), between Bald Nob and Dalmorton, and Stuart's Point, near Kempsey A telegraph office is open at Berrigan A telephone office is open at Buckley's Crossing A money order office and Government savings bank were opened on Monday at Kinchela Creek Public School Boards -The undermentioned gentlemen arf to be members of the Public school hoards for the aub-districts specifled -Quirindi Messrs E G. Underwood and W Hawker Gun- nedah Messrs J Kirkpatrick, P Brougham, T P Wills Allen, J P Ewing, J J. Smyth, G J Kuhl, andC W Bedwell. An Ingenious Youth-A boat, the first of its class, we are infoimed, built in Morpeth, was launched on Monday last The builder is Mr John T. Butler, and the boat is what is called a 16-foot sailing boat, with a beam of 6 feet 0 inches and depth of 2 feet 6 inches The planking is of cedar throughout, with a half- deck of kauri pine She carnes a mast 21 feet, boom 17 feet, gaff 11 feet, and bowsprit 8 feet outboard, giving her a spread of 40 square yards of canvas The boat proved to be extraordinarily stiff, and yet answered her helm perfectly. She also caines _27 inches Credit is due to Di Bennett, who, being satisfied with one or two models built by the young man, and wishing to encouiage talent, of- fered to find the cost of all materials The result ia he has now a boat it will be a pleasure to sail, and we hope before long to see others like her afloat on the Hunter, than which a better river for sailing ?could hardly be desired A Blundering Suicide -Seldom has more de- termination been displayed under difficulties, re- marks the Pans correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph, than that just exhibited by a draughts- man who, having resolved on *' shuffling off this mortal coil," set to woik to carry out his fell design with an amount of eneigy which, if utilised m a »etter cause, might have led him on to competence, and possibly to fame Having made up his mind to put an end to his days, he solei ted hanging as the most practical mode of executing his pro giamme Accordingly, attaching a rope to a peg in the wall of his bedioom, he suspended himself thereto The rope, however, was the worse for weai, and it broke ero he had breathed his last This experience rather cooled his ardour, but he returned to the charge with a pan of chaicoal Hero, again, his plan was frustrated owing to the accidental fiactuie of a pano ot glass A police official, to whom the circumstances of these two attempts at self-deotruction had been reported, sent for the draughtsman and earnestly implored him to accept the omen, and to abandon his sinister pioject But he refused to bo guided by these kind counsels, and declared that he would be moro successful on tho next occasion, and that a couple of stabs in the region of the heart .would soon settle the question for good - He kept his word, at least m part, for a few days afterwards he was taken to the Hotel Dieu apparently in a dying state Singulai to relate, the man recovered rapidly, and in a fortnight he was once more at home, again revolving m his mind the best method of killing himself Having tried hanging, suffo- cation, and the knife without any definite result, the would-be suicide next turned his attention to poison Ho swallowed a quantity of phosphorus, but the piompt appearance on the scene of a chem- ist, who admimsteied a strong antidote, again saved him The draughtsman, however, would hot yield, so deeply rooted was his determination to make away with himself, and after having been Baffled four times he succeeded at the fifth attempt .with a preparation of chloroform and bichloride of mercury, and expired in atrocious suffering Another Tote Case.-In the Summons Division of the Central Police Court on Tuesday afternoon, before Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., a lad named Janes Wilson waB proceeded against for having committed a breach of the Betting Houses Suppression Act, by having used a shop, No. 70 King-street, for the pur- poses of running a totalisator. Evidence was given to show that a totaliaator was kept at the premises mentioned, and that money had been received in xeturn for tickets by the defendant. After the evi- dence had been heard, Mr. Wallace who appeared for the defence, contended that a conviction could not be sustained, as the defendant was merely an assistant at the place, and did not '* run the tote" at all. Mr. Levy, for the prosecution, contended that there was ample evidence to justify a convic- tion. The defendant was fined £25, and ordered to pay £5 10s Cd costs. ' " I have analysed the Taeping Mixture and found it a high-class pure toa, which I can recommend." K. T. Staiger, F.I.C., S.C. GIO Newcastle Hospital Benefit Races.-The lace meeting arranged by Mr. C. H. Hannell to benefit the Newcastle Hospital will take place in the coaly city to-day, and so far as can be at present predicted, it will be what it thoroughly deserves an unqualified success. Mr. Hannell has identified himself many years with efforts to assist the New- castle Hospital, which has been the gainer hy thousands of pounds sterling through his labours, and the takings on the present occasion are not likely to be much behind the finances of previous years. There are seventeen horses weigthed in the Sick and Needy Handicap, the winner of which it is thought will come from Quicksilver, Aethon and Helle. What ia termed a Cigar Race will provide both sport and amusement, and the Hospital Handicap which follows will probably fall to Barraba, Dochra, or Glendarra. A trotting race ?will prove a novelty on Northern programmes, and then good judges expect Dochra, Lord Broom, and Yallaroi to make a bold bid for the good Samaritan Handicap, in which there is a large field engaged. Other events will go to make up an interesting programme. Resignation or the Governor or New Zea- land.-A telegram from Auckland dated Monday says :-Lord Onslow has placed his resignation aa Governor of New Zealand in the handa of the Sec- retary of State for the Colonies for presentation to the Queen. If it is accepted he proposes leaving early in January. The reason assigned is important business connected with his eatates, which renders his return home imperative. East Maitland Police Court.-There were not any cases set down for hearing at the East Maitland police court on Tuesday. A Brief Visit.-Mr. Rudyard Kipling, the young author who has been " doing" the Austra- lian colonies, paid a flying visit to Sydney. He arrived by the Melbourne express about noon on Saturday, and took up his quarters at the Hotel Métropole. On Monday he left by the R.M.S. Valetta, having booked a berth for Colombo. The LEADERsnii of thf Opposition -Members of the Opposition held a meeting on Tuesday after- noon in the Opposition room of the Legislative As- sembly Mr W M'Millan presided, and the de- liberations were of brief duration The gathering numbered about 40 supporters of the late Ministry and apologies from some half dozen others were read by the chairman Amongst the ex ministers in at- tendance were Mr Bruce Smith, Mr Sydney Smith, Mr A J Gould, and Mr J H Carruthers Dis- cussion was characterised by unanimity, and it converged to the future leadership of the party At the outset, Mr M'Millan announced that his private business arrangements would not permit him to assu-ne either the leadership or the lieutenancy of the Opposition Only one motion was submitted and carried by the caucus, and this was to the effect that Mr Bruce Smith, Mr B R Wiso, Mr James Inglis, and Mr Cullen Bhall wait upon Sir Henry Parkes, represent to him the state of affairs, and ask for his final decision respecting the leadership of the party A largely attended gathering of labour representatives was held on luesday, at which the political situation was discussed ^The labour members decided to await in silence the de- liverance of the Ministerial statement Scullino Match -A telegram from Maclean on Monday says -James Ford, of Newcastle, and P J Finnessey, of Maclean, have been matehed to row in outnggeis at Maclean, on Februaiy 16, for £100 a-side The first deposit of £25 a side has been made The Largs Punt -It will interest many of our readers to learn that the Largs pant, traffic over which waB suspended for some time, is now at woik It was restored to the river on Tuesday Commercial iTrais -The following notices were on Monday posted at the Sydney Exchange - Dunng the week the number of bales wool received at Sydney by rail and coastwise waa 32,913 bales, valued at ¿£428,112 The amount of coal exported from Newcastle (exclusive of Sydney shipments) was 36,406 tons, of which the value was jS18,402 The amount of silver obtained fiom the Broken Hill mines was 334 948oz, valued at M2 800 The total value of Bilver raised, coal exported, and wool received dunng the week was ¿C509 341 " Powerful Fire Engine for Sydney -A powerful steam engine has been built by Messrs Shand, Mason, and Co, the well-known London firm of engineers, for the corporation of Sydney (writes the London correspondent of a Melbourne paper ) It will discharge 1000 gallons of water per minute, and with a pressure of 1251b to the square inch will project a 1$ jet to a height of 200 feet Steam can be raised from eold water in ten minutes At the official trial steam was raised in 10 minutes 24 seconds, and a jet was projected l§m foi 225ft , lim, 267ft , lfm, 303ft , and l}in,318ffc The best ever tasted A cup of Camp Cooffee is stiengthening and invigoiating Wolfe, Gornck, & Co, Agents for Maitland 6101 Great Horse Sale -Those desirous of securing bargains in hoiseflesh could not do better than attend the great sale to be conducted at Campbell's Hill to day by Messrs Sparke and Clift The catalogue shows a wide range of varied quality, and weare fairly within the mailc in saying that about 300 head will be brought undei the hammer, which will be wielded over the first lot at eleven o'clock instead of at twelve, as originally intended Amongst the horses is Smuggler, a Bon of Golds brough and the speedy Quicksilver's dam, many grand diaught and light harness stallions, mares, and goldings, light hackneys, coaching and blood stock, and indeed all minnel of equines are in- cluded -Communicated TnE Ballarat Catholic Cathedral -The Argus of Tuesday savs -Next week will be notable in the annals of the Roman Catholic Church in this district The Ballarat cathedral will be con- secrated on Sunday morning next, when Pon- tifical High Maos will be celebrated, with grand orchestral accompaniment, and a sermon will bo preached by the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney At vespers, in the evening, Dr Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, will fill the pulpit The cathedral has been closed during the past couple of months to allow of the decoiations being carried out in a most finished style, and for a long time past the musical arrangements, which are to bo of a most elaborate character, have been in rehearsal No cathedral can be consecrated until absolutely free fiom debt, and the Ballarat cathedral will be the first to be consecrated m Australasia In addition to Caidmal Moian and his secretary Di O'Haran, theie will be no fewer than 13 prelates present on the occasion, including the leading bishops of the sister colonies and New Zealand, this being the largest number ever gathered together in one town in the southern hemisphere On Sunday afternoon Bishop Mooie will entertain about 150 viBitors and leading "citizens of all religious sections at Holy Ghost College Ou Monday evening one of the visiting prelates will address the men's section of the Confraternity ot the Holy Family On Tuesday, at 11 o'clock a m, the memorial stone of the monastery of the Redemptoust Fathei s will be laid, to bo followed by a luncheon ou tho grounds at St Mary's, Wendouree, and in the evening the ehildren of Loretto Convent will tender a welcome to the distinguished visitors The latter will also be welcomed during the week by the children of the other institutions in Ballarat, and on Friday even- ing one of the visiting prelates will address the women's aection of the Confraternity of the Holy Tamily 