RQUSE OF RIMMON. a'BTORY OF THE "BLACK COUPY ,. SSOUTH BTAFFOBDSHIE. Bi JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of Aner SAboaNa's Two LuoaGoea," ave. CHAIPTER XLVI.-lCoCerlvED). " Keziah; I have only one thing to ask you. I knowmen re about the world than you do, Keziah., If you do not want to be suspected. Keziah, go to some friend. You need not .tell me whom. -If you promise me this one thing, I shall- go away contented. Contented! No, nt that. But it will be more endurabla, that ia all I cau say." ",will promise you that, then," said Keziah. And she.was moving away again. "Notone word of farewell, Neziah:" he Said.' " Good-bye," she answered, passing on. He had almost hoped, when he had so far acceded'to her wish, that she would have given a different farewell from this cold "good-bye." But her manner was such that he dared not ask for more. I The Keziah he loved could never be further fromhim, he felt, than she was this She; asoutside now.: 0055 n -word, Sfbllow'c hee.. c?ined whisper, "You will sayyiui orgive me." "Lforgiveyou,"ho saih in a low voice; 4nsl disanpeared in the darkness. And Elworthy, half beside himself with grief and misgiving, and unable to do anything, watched.the epot. where her figure had dis appered,until his eyes were strained; but ftllow.her he would not-rather, could not. And when.at lastie had gazed so long that his ees, grown weary, drooped their lids, he slowl turned his head and gazed at the "No man has ever been so wretched ae.I am," hethought within himself, "so wretched and so powerless." And while he thought this, the immense hammers came down upon the n' and flattened it and crushed it. " Oh!" he thought, ' "if only I could place my head one momint-nuder that hammer, and end it all; it would be-so soon over." , He remained-long gizi the laee, end scarcel.. thinking. All Wº*eb4in-oehsa iaaaalt..witl~u ..Atlant \- TIbecame conscious that he mustgoaway.. &a; he wieiieot in Laminigton in the morning, ople might say he ;had been with Keziah ey should never saythat; and he staggered oth f theb place, and walked like a drunkeon nasnnleg the 'road., It had ceased snowing some time, and the pathbwas very dark. Snow blackens almost as at falls in the Black Country; and itmust be deep indeed before it can be like a pure white sheet over the earth. It.was not deep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At last-he struck his foot against something: itwas only a rising footpath, of which there are many in these neighbourhoods, a foot, and even sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself fall ng, and the next sensation was that water was aloing over his head. -CHAPTER .XLYIL -ToE GREATER BAOnS. 'sad build ~. ?-r " 'I will pull down my barns, 4Hd Keziah waited befre her wn ;.-`, little longer, she would have seen the lights re anpear in the two front bedroom windows; for Mr. Hackbit. having made an effort to go to bed as if nothing were the matter, had found himself quito too excited to sleep. " - it," he said to himself, "'I'll have that fool RIimpler up, and wet our throstles a bit." Now Mr. Ilackbit was deeper than Rimpier gave him credit for being: though he did let things out sometimes when he was drunk, they never were.thinags that ctld against himself. To-night he had driven Keziah forth, and so natural-had been his demeanour that no one suspectedit. The servants knew she had not eoin home, but they thought she must be stay ing pt her mother's, and of course they knew bhtter than to ask Mr. Hackbit a question. Mr..Rimpler, finding Hackbit at home on his return, imagined Keziah to be in the house. He 'had likewise imagined Hackbit to be ignorant of what had occurred the night before. So when Hackbit rapped sharply at his door, and then thrust his head in, and said, " Get up, lRimpler,-I say; let's have a drink," he merely thought Hackbit had passed an unpleasant day, and meant to make up for it; and got up directly, very quickly as Hackbit thought, for he did not.know Mr. Rimpler was sitting dressed by the window. When Mr. Rimpler had fumbled about the toilet asif it had been morning, and went downstairs. He looked in the dining- room, but found no Mr. Hackbit. He was surprised. He went'into the hall and listened; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went there. "I say-, what are you doing?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a candle... " Iam going to get some wood to light a fire Inthe drawing-room ;" adding, with great as aumption of grandeur, "We'll sit in the draw ing-rom; liimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall be richr.' Why shouldn't I use the best room I've.got ? , " All right,"., replied Rimpler,. amused. "that's your look-out. you know. Only I abouldn't heavthought you were such a fool as to-tell any6ne you are rich." "You a~e not the outside world." "No; and .you're shrewd enough to know I should know in. any case. That's it, isn't it, Eaokbit?". S large fire was soon burning in the drawing room.what with the unusual quantity of wood .an :tbe bellows which Mr. Rimpier plied. nbit sat down coniplacently, wth two or three bottles in front of him, also glasses and sugar.?,, . . "I ssy, Rimpler, how should" you like to be a partnert" "Oh, I" don't know," replied' Rimpler, in differently. "-But I say, Rimpler, by Jove, we are making money, old Rimmon and I. You t?hidk ynu know everything, but we could sur prie.you a. bit. Some people save and save ad' save, and never enjoy their money. I dot t mean tobe like that" And he poured caba glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. " What if my father was a collier I mean to have a place among country .CenatleOn, - them. Rokesworth Hall is to iet,'ahdI?mean to take it. '?'m getting richer -than-them: all, and, bhang, it, why shouldn't I live' -ba. well ? Al, Rimpler, though they hate :me, they shall envy me. I old "oa~h-' timmon is content to live in -tat ig-asty, all the better for me. I'll live for -thetwo of us." he took.another draught- of brandy. -'" And - me, Rimpler," he went -on, lthere's some pleasure in living when 'you csdbpuy± -s hpsV 9rgowht `oat, .thkt some _ (232-... ..... noble lord would give his head for 'just be cause you've the longest purse. 'By "ove I'd give any price, if I thought one of the, Schaps wantedit." All this did not arouse the interest and 0Sin .pathy in hr. Rimpler which it might have don had he not known about the missing iapers Theman whd knows that the best horse in race has been drugged and will break dow: does notshow astounding acuteness in not bae lug the House of limmon; and throughou Dr. Rimpler's life he had nearly always hackh, the winner. He rather enjoyed the joke o hearing 'Haekbit run on, however, and on coucaged him to talk. " Bills of sale are the grandest investments,' said Hackbit. " while it can be kept daro and my eaperienoe is," he went on in a cuninl tone, "that people who have been sold up haw not spirit enough left to goto lawswithyos aboutit, neither have they the cash," and he hurst into a laugh. i' Do you know, in the beginning, Rimmor wanted to pay me a salary I soon taughtibin a lesson. I've had more than he's had, byJove There's a day for every dog, and let every dos have his day." "Yes," Mr. IRimpler assented, " let evert dog have his day. My day'll come next." Anr he pretended to sip his brandy. "Don't count your chickens before they're hatched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow gettinu much the worse for drink.. " I don't usually," retorted Mr. Rimpler. "Neitherdo I get drunk, and so see double when I'm about counting them, after they're hatched." This was a little bit too refined forHackbit in his present condition, so he took offence. " Confound you, do you mean to say, I:m drunk " "Certainly not. JWhy, you've only had half a-bottle." It was not long before he had the whole bottle, and his appearanc behgan to-alarm Rimpler not little. lo sullenly hung hbs head down, and looked lowering. Atlast he intently fixed his eves on the door of the room. Rinpler iuvoluntarily g?zed in the same direction. He could see nothing. " What is it ?" he said to Ifaekbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards thedoor. The haud lhad grown Cvery bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for hle had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. " What is it ?" inquired Rimpler again. "Don't you see those spiders', "I can't say Ido." " Thenyoumust be drunk, or mad. Look, Rimpler," he said, rising in agitation and trembling all over, " have you ever seen such large spiders ? You can't pretend you don't se them. Look, they are chasing each other in two lines; and they'll come down ; they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they'ro growing bigger." ltimpler became more and. more alarmed. Haekbit clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on the table; but he could not; and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the floor. " Oh," he cried, shaking till the very floor shook, " the cloth's full of them too. Seehow theyspread their legs andcome on. Oh, let me get out of here," he screamed frantically. ' The walls are coveredwith them. Are you a devil that you won't help me ?" And with one more effort to escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the ground. We will spare our readers the horrors of the scone which followed. Joshua and David t-immon both came, at Rimpler's request; and hy the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saltrin" was elegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o clock n the morning, end withhim Dr. Towers. a:' iad brought this d~:tsr ou h.;. o.-n -.. siitt hat ....-r ,-' eatrOn d him; and he id nhm uoeirs without any ceremony. Mr. Rimmon was seated in a chair, looking he picture of misery; Hackbit was sleeping ow, and breathing very heavily. Dr. Towers dvanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid, n.d turned and looked about the room, but aid Lathing. "He'llgetbotter now," said-tIr. Ritmuron, nioarsey.; --nes gone to sleep. Oh, what a night we've had." "He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. "I have seen cases liko this before. It is a possible ending to delirimi trmers. They sleep to death. Ican donothing Eorhim; so had better get back." " Wait abit," said r. Satring. "I want rou to witness something." Ho was ashy white. He walked towards the bed. He laid one hand upon the man who was sleepin his last sleep, and raised the other above his head, and looked upwards. "I call God to witness," he said, "that I will never sell one drop of any intoxicating liquor again. And I will rid myself of any _ y: nowoaaeMsthatithasjaualthtfaL,, His raised hand fell by his side, and he faced round and looked at the astonished Joshua and rowers. " There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether the poor wretch drinks it at'your counter or carries his bottle home ? The end is the same." He looked upwards again. " I pray the God of pitj to forgive me for the great wrongI have done the human race, for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this pison of souls. Reparation there can be none. The evilis done." And Mr. Saltring covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round Mr. Salt ring's neck, and said soothingly, " My good Eriend, God judges us by the motives. Could rou, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meant to ruin anyone ?" " Remember the proverb, doctor," returned Ir. Saltring, without taking his hands from his face. " ' Evil is wrought by want of thought is well as want of heart.' This has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within tgiast twelve months," he said, raising his spirits have' at the doctor, "cases of -and ho indicated with_ _ 4'._n..g this" looking towards the bed-" tol fear to say~3'A manyhomes. Come, doctor, lct us o away. I should like to have seen eziah, but I can'tface her. If no one had sold the brandy, he couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk it." " He didn't buy the brandy of you, at any rate," said Joshua Iimmon, rousing himself to speak. " That makes no difference," replied Mr. Saltring. "Come, doctor, let us go." But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound from the bed had ceased. Towerslooked a moment, and answered Mir. Rimmon's look, ' He's gone, poor fellow," he said. CHAPTER XLVIII.-Tos TowErS GOES tU Fon HIS LAST EXMINATION. It was about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumley cemetery; and in the windows of his house was a notice, " To Let." No one had made any search for Keziah. She was missing, and Elworthy was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. Th house of Rimmon was disgraced. Mr. Rimpler had been engaged by Mr. Rimmon, and was now residing in his house. The baby was there, too; and Wilsonhad come to nurse him, at Mr. Rimmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack bithadleftno will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few week Mrs. Rimmon had aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up that her intirm state formed a principal reason for Mr. Rimmon's engaging "Wilon. Mr. Iimmon'a hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, andhis shoulders stooping. But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former self-yes, a ghost even of her changedself-entered the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, and flew to open the door. Keziab fell into her arms, crying hysterically, " I have come, Haud, like a beggar, to beg shelter. I have no pride left now, Maud." Maud half carried, half led her into her favourite sitting-room, cooing over her. and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kizzy. In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither and thither, swift as .in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. .When Keziah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at her head. Where were allthe short curls gone? The hair was shorn quite close to her head. And her cheeks, how sunken they were ! Maud had placed her self so that the.head might rest against her, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and re mained cramped in one position for nearly two hours, rather than wake her darling. Then Keziah opened her large startled eyes, and said pleadingly and quickly-" Look, I will tell you something. Don't send me out just yet. I have nowhere to go to." Then she recollected herself, and said, "Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in the hospital again. Oh, Mnd," shecried, flingingher arms about he friend's neck,-"how glad I am it is true I an here."- . . . . . . ... . . .: aMsudaAnswqrte on]y.byhBekcaceases;.,, Thei eziah drew herhead baii uid bates into her friend's eyes inquiringly. -'"o aou know?" she asked. "Hve you hoaird "' "Dearest Kizzy," replied Maud, "if I have have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach y.?'op ach me?" said K.ezish, looking •? lesod. "'Well, yes, I did provoke him ; but I am repentant now, Maud; 1 will go hack to him andbeg his forgivoness."' Was it possible that..Keziah did not know that her husband was dead ? It seemed so. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from her conversation. She might know nothing. '"Mi?e'," she raid, taking the worn f.ac betweonher hands-the face that had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos--" Kizzy, you will never go back to ySur husband.," Mezial storted, not at the words she had bheard, but at the tone. She looked for more, and did not speak. "Kizzy," my own love, you are free; your husband is dead," Kezialh Sung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. "Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried. "Oh, that I had been a better wife to him. It might never have ended so." And she sobbed aloud. eMaud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside hers, and wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen. "Kizzy," she said in her ear, "at least if you did go away with him, you have lefthim now." IKeziah started up at the words, and looked herfriend in the face. "I-go away with him Maud! Who dares to say it?"" M-aud only cried, "Thank God! it is'not true." '" True, Maud!" said Keziah. "No: I have sunk low, but not so low as that." ' "Oh, Kiozy, forgive me for having believed it," said Maud humbly. "But you see it looked so much like it, that you and he should both disappear." "He. .disappear!" exclaimed Kesiah, tffrightedly. "Is honotinLeamington then?" "No he has never been heard of since that night. Your brothrrJubal came in hero and toldl me all ubout it." Meiziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, ." Where is your husband, bMaud " • "He is in London, Kizzy. being examined. er will not talk of him, if you don't mind. And now, Kizze, had not you better go to bed ? i don't think 'you should talk any more to. night." 'But I must know one thing more. Of rourse, my baby has gone to father's?" "Yes, and Wilson is there with it." Abeautiful smile broke over Keziah's face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, "Then I think I will go to bed, Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning. when both Maud and Keziah awoke with a start. 'They heard a fall and a terrible crash. "" Whatever can it he F" said Maud; and she Sung on her dressing.gown and went out. But though she searched theo house all thraoigh, she ound nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing liaplaced, nothing of any kind to account for he noise. Still the souind had been so loud nd of so startling a character, that neither of hem could sleep again, so they kept their light eurning and tslkld. Keziah related toherfriend ow she had wandered along theroad to WVover araupton in the night time, and then howabreak nme, and she could remember nothing untilshe .woke in one of the wards of the - Wover nampton Hospital; andshe was told shle hadhad fever. When she was well enouah nl a at. they had gven her thba .acm-e' m ht ound in her.clý--,. "·" oeOims about dawen, Keia fell asleepgh sound she had heard bad been exactly like the smashing of thehall-lamp by something falling upon it. When daylight came, she was glad indaodto end a night of wondering and silence. Ste was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. ' How early the post is this morning," she thought. It waenot a letter: it was a telegram. She swayed and fell, crying, in a suffocating voice, "My darling's dead, he's dead." Keziah, weak though she was, gained her sids, picked up and read the telegram.. Yca, he was dead. Mand lost her consciousness entirely. And whenat last she came to herself,it was only to cry, "He is dead I and now he' will never learn to loae me again." She became so ill that a servant was despatched foro a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obtained-rest. And the day wore on, and Keziah and Maud wept in com pany. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars Came....ýTom Towers hadnýaesad hia examine-.s Zion, anis otoI'geldsi hobO, fad nibup tn his room; which wais at the top.' Anaby acEci dent, it was believed, he had fallen over the bsrnisters from the top to the bottom of that great building, smashing the hall lamp by his tall.. Inside was a letter addressed in his hand writing to his wife. "Read it, Kizzy," she said, "for I cannot."' Kizzv opened it and a read, with dilated eyes and horror in her face: " I have passed my examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to. night. Shall I tell you why I can bear life no longer. It was I who committed themurder poor Ealworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to have died and never told you. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it butter coming from me. The money I have had from you at different times has been to purchase the silence of a man who saw me commit the deeed. " And now with my last words I beg you to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more when I am gone. You will, I know, t believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet Q- ~.. pardons me, as I am sure you will. Keziah did R no KENeosu aoa HtSoAND." a day or two, not till a larn..r .. ,Msud for at the inquest of " Accidental deaxter ,ay over-excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XLIX.--JuIL IssTaaucs mlc, TlVrTmo ro sne WAYs or Soreryr. In the afternoon of a very dull Saturday in rt January, two years after Keziah Hackbit and Maud Towers were made widows, preparations fog were being made at The Chestnuts at Bowdon we for a party which Mr. David Rimmon was to fir give to some of his nephew's friends. Jubal, tre who now boasts of something more than down he on his upper lip, and has grown broader and fir handsomer, stands with his back towards the sce drawing-room fire, his hands thrust into his trousers pockets and his head poised super ciliously. David, anxious andnervons, watches his nephew's face, as if to learn his content or discontent in it. an "Well, Jubal," he remarked, passing one Jo hand through his hair, which was growing in very scanty now, "does the room look like hi other people's now? Do yon like it?" e "' ell, relly, uncle," replied ubal, breaking sh into a light langh and showin" a shining row th of teeth, "as I chose all the things, it would be ce Prasng myslf if I smid I liked them." e aid hookedboth his thumbsinto the arm- fa holes of his waistcoat and looked quizzically at. his nephew. "Yes,. of course, Juball" he he said; "but is thefurniture properly put n the Di room? You see I've no other room to compare th it with." eb "Oh, yes." Jublal allowed, "it looks well ns enough." He had" got into the way of not a expressing much pleasure at anything. "And hs uncle, if you don't mind my mentioning it, perhaps it may be as well that you should not NV pqt your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holes vi before the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to take these things for indi- th cations, you know. And," he added, without tb Loticing the manner in which poor David sc removed the thumbs in question, "don't you pi think really now that you could manage to use h's just a little? Ishouldn't like to hear.the q' fellows describe you as 'young. ltimmou's as uncle, innocent of h's.' I'm sure Medwin laughed when you asked him to come to your le 'ouse; and after all, it's a simple enough pi matter to say ' house,' and so much hangs to on it." "" Poor David was completely in a flutter, and *w all the more likely to show badly before the "fellows" on that account. "You see, " Jnbal," he, said, not at all crossly, "1 never li had much schooling; I went to work when I di was -" "'And there's another thing," said Junbal, l flushing. " Pray, don'trefer to the time when Il you went to work." - -. There was almost impatience in the. tone in which David replied to this. "It mayv'be an a easy matter to you, Jubal. But at my time of el life it's no easy matter. I have managed to get I on and make a little money without h's; though K I am sure I didn't know that I talked any I? different to other people before." I "That's what I thought," said Jabal, "and i for that reason I draw you attention to it. Don't imagine that I wish to hurt your b feelings." , .Biit.Janhb~aiadhurthis uncle'e 'eeling; a "fd . ver .'de sly -too., blt he;. with his _snois ? I" gentlemhnline?s;o,'whleh esatesddesitt" his ,ck i t /ý , of h'B, didnot tuorn aponhis nepaew with a rude rejoinder, as thiit yodnggentleman would certainly have done, could. they have exchanged Elaces. Neitherdid he wound Juhbal's fdelings ty telling him of the wounud he had intlicted, thereby proving himself the truoe gentleman ; for are not all the rules of society founded upon this basis, the avoidance of openly wounding the feelipe of others ? "I don,' mind altering anythin," said David, "ifI am able to do it, and it'seor your welfare." "I thought you'd take it like that," returned Jub'al. u You're an awfullygoodfellow." If Jubal imagined that this salve would heal. thewound he had inflicted, he was mistaken. He had robbed his uncle of confidence, and given him mistrust of himself in place of it. He had called his uncle a bear, and thought that patting him on the head, and saying, " Good fellow," as ho mighthave done to a'og, would quite make up for it. He might have re membered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the pats upon the sore places given him in token of reconciliation. But on the strength of David's uaying nothing more than we have recorded, Jubal thought he would continue the lesson which hadl been so well received, having no penetration into the real state of his unrle's feelings; as those who do not love scarcely over have. "And you know, uncls," he went on, " gentlemen don'tsay' Sir' to one another. In fact, there's little necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a name at all, you from your position might use the surname alone, as soon as you know them a littl; otherwise ou can say ' Mr. Souand-So,' "Well, that is strange," said, David. "I was brought up to think 'Sir' the right thing." "Never miud what your bringing up was," returned Jubail. "I'll tell you the way to treat these fellows. ' You must pretend to look down on them instead of up to them." " Is there any necessity at all for that ?" said David. " Why should there be lookiog down or looking up ? ' "That's just what it is," Jubal replied. " There's always looking down and looking up. And so you must look down on these 1 fellows, or ther'll soon reckon' you up. You musn't remember anything except thatyou're a manufacturer and a rich man; and these I fellows may be swells and all that, but I can tell you, between ourselves, they often don't know which way to turn for mooea ; so you've no need to let them look down on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you 1 into your suit.so that you may have time to get I used to it a hit." This etrit was of a ~or ? at? ^ ?"? T\\_? r.:a?. lever had on before. But, as. Jubal had told is uncle, he dressed altogether out of his osition. " Yes, I'll put the suit on if you like, Jubal. ,m afraid it won't look very well on me. And ',u didn't tell me what these round tables are or, Jubal." " Oh, never mind about that." replied his ephew. " Come and have your clothes on." As they paused out at the door, .David looked ack ruefully at his meltamorplosed drawing orm. It was very pretty, with its rose tloured curtains and furniture, pale carpet, ad strange cabinets. But David's drawing. tom was gone. lie could never fake aSu,,d fternoon nap on fhat rco,, "Ir'L°?i, . IldI't aa?? ? ny-olly more. Every g that be wanted, and everything _lre was useless to him : and there was a great ,al of disappointment in his mind when he oked at the qpot formerly occupied by an old. shioned bureau which would open out, and on hich he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of hich he kept his camomile flowers. from which ,made herb tea, ashe called it. It was hard see this spot occupied by a perfectly useless iug with glass in front, through which could :seen a number of very ugly curiosities. swever it had been inevitable, as the new suit oved to be. ' There, uncle, you'll look something like, sw," said young ltimmon.etanding at a little stance for the purpose of judging the effect of da new tailoring achievement. "it doesn't feel very comfortable,," David marked, ruefully, "It's too tight around Swaist. I rsust undo this'button.'! 'Oh, no; you mristn't do anything of the rt. That would spoil the effect entirely. bu'll soon get used to it. And, you see, when at's buttoned you won't forget and put your nmbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your aistcoat pocket." "' It's very hot aqd uncomfortable up here," id David, feeling towards his chest. "It ems too thick aomehow." "If it's hot all the better this cold weather. -oy almaans nuta'hit o£f. rxaa?i.i .th..O: it. ekos the coat sit 'well. "ou'll get to like "But, really,-Ican assure you, ,Tubal," said s ncle, in some concern. " I can't wear these oes. They hurt me. I'm sure they're two res too small." "You didn't say so in the shop. Besides, ' all rubbish. If people have been used to earing boats on their feet, they're sure to rcy their feat are conutined too closely in a tfr of ordinary shoes." "But why can't I put on the pair of slippers lt Kizzy worked for me ?" pleaded David. " Oh, if you're going to get obstinate," said tbal. pretending to get vexed. " I'll try to get used to them," said David. Perhaps, if I walk about in them, they'll ,t easier." And he made the attempt. 'Oh-h-h," cried Jubal, aghast. "You nstn't limp about like that. The fellowsll "Perhaps they'll get easier just now," said or David, "or else I shall really be obliged take them off." "Oh, bless you, you'll get used to it, uncle. arrrvhilv'a hnnas hl,rt then, ,mlv ths y , n od they don't. I'm sure min do: ; and, ou to e, you've always the advantage of being able P put on some big shoes when nobody's here." David was silent. He was ruminating. If t ciety made such demands as these, it must e2 relyohave some big return to give. David 5 dnot exactl seeoo any return, but then that d n tlk ing. t sileoe, ubal went at "I'm glad that the watt?-- so ;ood time. I shall go in and geveln " . liredtions. And mind you don t treat him as the's a stranger, and had in for the evening. tou must order him about well, you know. I aod you mustn't say 'please' to him, nor ii thank you;' people never do that in society." h Poor David felt himself in a labyrinth of new ormalities and ideas. He know lus troubles S verenot over. Children are to be pitied some. n imes when. under merciless teachers, they f read their irst steps towards learning; but sow much more the old pupil who takes his t Irst leEsons at the tyrannical and merciless chool of society. CHAPTER L.-Juona's Funmees. As eight o'clock approached, the bell rang, ad David trembled. He had been told by abal that he must receive the guests, and he iwardly wished that the earth would receive im. But the earth is not kindly in this apect; and though for indefinite centuries 0o has been frequently called upon to perform lis office, she has but rarely been known to r.c sde to the demand, and in these few cases the msult has probably not produced all the eatia. Lction desired. The waiter announced; the Honourable Pol am Winterfold and Mr. Allan Denleigh. )avid nervously shook hands, and slunk into he back-ground, while the new arrivals ex hanged greetings of a freer kind. with the ephew, whom they called "l immon." They ppeared to have dmed, and were in strikingly i}h spirits. nu little place you have here," remarked Vinterfold, addressing David, who started iolently, and muttered Eomething inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assented Mr. Danleigh, browinghimself unceremoniously upon one of he new satin chairs, and shaking out a highly canted handkerchief before applying it to the irominent feature of his face. "Are we to play high or lowr to.night ;?" in [uired Winterfold, backing towards the fire, nd remaining stationary in front of it. SAs far as:I am concerned," said Mr. Den eigh, in a high treble, "half- crowns are all the ieces I am worth. Played out, you know, ast night. Awful bad luck.. We were all at Ipringwood's. Deuced hot time of it. Spring rood ptre won everything.' " Hes' a trifle t? sharp,"roplied Winterfold. But. you see, one must be willing to pay a ittle for one's pleasures; and his daughters are lencedlv fine girL." SWii~terfold's going to induce the youngest o marry him and leave the stage," said Den eigh, winking at Jubal. - " She'd make a harming I my lady.' some day." ' * SThanks,' saidl Winterfold, without moving nuy feature excepthis upperlip, which curled ,lightly. " Marrying's not in my line. Besides, Sdon't consider that Miss Juliet or her sisters would be much good in electioneering, and averything depends on a man's wife-if he has: Parliamentarv career before him ; doesn't it,' ýtr. Rimnmon?" he said, appealing to David. David was so much aghaot" at what be had eard, that he could not stammer out a word of roy. He had not unaerstood the conver satioin the ileast'; 'int he wasi itndr'theL itil prension thathall'as: uiot, tight: :.hSa5 gPres tendoi hot to hear'when" Winlerfold'uiddreasel a him, and aminedapictnroe on the wall, as if he bhd n1ver'seen it lbefore. " You'd do.a lot in Parliament," remarked i Jubal; - you-need to have a wife who would do omething. And I don't think Miss Juliet 1 can do anything, a it's dancing; she can't , actatall; and'aRs for singing--wel, I can't thii what Springwood's dreaming about, to pt in so many sonBfor her.?' S.el, yen see," Winterfold rejoined, " the British theatre-goer has not a vey good ear for ms?le, and'she always gets applauded. But f whatever be her merit, she's not for me, even i I wished it. She's already the secret pro. Serty of a certain jadge who often dines at my a ather's table, and treaches morality to mya young brothers and sistere." nother ring at the bell. "Mr. Sheridan Sprgwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" were announced, Another ordeal for David ensued. He went through it better this time, however, as he thought In shaking hands with Mr. Spnngwood, he remarked with cordiality, " Why, I knew someons of your name, Mr. t Springwood; I wonder if it was a relation of ~ yours." "Very likely, indeed," replied that gentle- a mancheerfully. "I've a great many about." At which there wasa laud laugh, for which David saw no reason. Where did the people t livethat you knew ?" went on Mr. Spring. wood, with the utmost good humnour, white v dMr. Scratch keptas close to him as he con venently could, his head perched on one side, te taking it all in. "In Staffordshire," said David, "the na Springwoodslived I knew. They were hutty colliers, and worked in the Troworth mines." " In that case," broke in Denleigh, " I can h i answer for it'they wore no relatives this Springwood, whois most highly connected in ft every way, I can assure you ;" upon which there was another loud laugh, in which every. i, body joined except Springwood, who an peard rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed the relationship.. " Don'tlookbac,Springwood," said Winter- C fold, aggravatingly, "or else you'll have tH Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in p, which he will say that the admirable manner w in which this gentleman personifies Othello , can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowiug him in private." " If I couldn't write any better than that ' said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, " I shouldn't 5 have been so successful as I have been." di " Ah, to be sure," chimed in Donleigh, "you write paragraphs for the boliee 1ews now, uk don't you P" "ItfI did," replied Scratch, hotly, "it might ad bhe possible that you would ligure in onie of them." d " Oh ho," broke-crom the rest of them. hr Mr. Sheridoi Siringwood had received a w deeper wound than anpieared on the surface; th for he had never yet played Othello, though n hewas most ambitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that he mt!iht have made this desiro of his public aftý itaking a little too ge much brandy. He looked upon himself as a 1e spirit in chains, for heo was at present playing I Blue Beard in his father's theatre, where - nothing beyond low burleesque was everat. 11H tempted. David felt sorry for him, though he .! did not in the least comtnr~loil the htuton Are yon fond of thl-ei. s?.-r"i--"- no Ilitinoifosl.i-sf." , whether I amni or h,e '.1i M-'O tnhe 'actor. "It is iy Ilrofes. the :.Oh, indeed !" said Mr. inimon, looking l to i of that." And he stared at him, thinking with in himself that an actor looked uncommonly pl like an ordinary man. the " I don't know what we've got to amuse you, ste gentlemen," wenit on David. " We might get In up a charade, as you are fond of acting." A t great roar of laughter followed this bold sug- the gestion, in which all joined except Jubal, who in looked very angry. and remarked that they tn were not infants in artra, any of them, and that ain they would have a rbhber of whist as soon as po the other fellows ehould arrive. They did tail arrive before he had done speaking: and were fro announced : " r. lRufus Harris, Mr. IIansn, roe antd Mr. Medwin." an After a hurried touch of hands, the gentle- wn men placed themselves round two of the tables, and David isaw now what they were for. PAcks of cards began to be shuffled., At the table a nearest to David, Winterfold,Denlelgh,Spri n wood, and Scratch were seated; at the other, the rest of the party. The waiter came in with glasses and bottles, hot much to David's astonishment; and feeling himself quite like a fish out of water, he made su his escape through the open door, that he far might be able to breathe a little. Returning to the room in the course of half an hour, he wr foundit inaatate of uproar. A sharp alterca- "I cao " ". which a Q ss had seen kuock . tion was going en bd ieen Winteth- fol and tha eoti abstractedly aimed an empty bottle. David wa could hardly believe his eyes. He was still ceer more startled when he observed Mr. Denleigh lyil gathering up half-erowns and pocketing them wa with a delighted smile. go "They most be gambling," thought David, gin But Jubal aessured him this was not the case; it, that each man would be given back all his half- mo crowns at the end, when the party broke up, which statement was received with a burst of ali applause by the company, and which poor Davie took in. yot David didn't smoke, and the drawing-room ver was gelting really stifling by means of the thi fumes of eight cigars, and he was literally compelled to absent himsielf. This he dil lab rather unwillingly; for he was, in fact, any thin hbut easy at the course things seemed to ma be taking. Not knowing what else to do with in himself, be went into his dining-room, where pee an elaborate supper was laid. and he dreaded pre the moment when he should have to sit at the head of it. The noise in the drawing-room increased. He heard a crash, which he afterwarlds discovered an to be caused by the fall of some of the glass pendants from the chandeliers, at which Mr. rel Scratch. had aimed another bottle. Random if throwing was always a feature in his form of drunkenness. David thought he would quite to as soon enter a lion's den as go hback into the wi loose upon him in the diinug-room, when they should choose to have stupper, which they did e soon after 12. e drawing-room door was flung open, and Sc e out quite stcadily. to David's th drunk.:m am2ear tosne he very right hand. The rest tcDki ao,-,,,f. " Ts.2fj. t liked, and with an air of being ~toourest -t; home. "No journal'll get any paragraph from you, w Scratch." remarked aneone, who was sitting co next to him. "You'rv not been looking out it For anything, you know." "Oh, indeed," roplied Mr. Scratch, trying inl to fix his eve upon the speaker, hut tailing in the attempt, for that organ would wander all l . about the room indefinitely, and his month was an ttretched into a strange smile, dhough he was do in anything but a good humour. " It's a mystery how he lives at all," said sao Ifedwin, who was upon the other side of ini Hanson. "He's ulwyo sending in wrong in- hil Formation." on "That's quite true," admitted Mr. Scratch. eYou see, when there's no information, what's tni ne to do?" David heard this, and asked in some anxiety, th "Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you invent things to send as noews to the papers " "Well, you see, I must live," was the reply. lb David forget to go on carving for a moment. He wos thinking within himself that this accounted for statements in the papers getting so ontradicted the neat day. At last David went hi on with his work and with a valiant effort at entered into conversation with Winterfold, who ltic was helping himself to the wine rather freely, o. as indeed most of' the company seemed to be 3O doine. without ceremony. wW "SMy nephew tells me you are at Cam bridge," he began (he nearly said " sir.") so " Well, no," replied Winterfold, with an ap- es proach to a grin, "I was there." w "Ah," sasd David, "it's the vacation now, in isn't it? When will you be returning t'" cc This qnestion was greeted with laughter. hspeially by Denleigh, who explained to David st that Wiuterfoldnwase "down" for a year. ae " Down ?P' said David, interrogatively. "That is, he's not to go back to Cambridge a, fora year."1. "Oh," said David, "I understand you. w Your health gave way, I suppose, sirt" is "Well, no," replied Wiuterfold, who cer tainly did look in pretty 'good health. "I was sent down. Had a difference with the tutor, :? you know." i' "Yes." chimed in Denleigh, "and it was an D awful shame, for he would have been sure to I have ecome. out Senior Wrangler if he- had staved up." - . . a David, out of politeness, felt obliged to con- C tinue the conversation. "It must be very 0 pleasant,at Cambridge. I passed through it once, on my way to Ely, and I thought it ti looked very solomn.' "-You'voe never seen a degree day, lave you, s, Mr. Rimmosn" broke in Denleigh, tossing off a h glass of wine as he poke. • s David confessed that he had not. "Very solemn," said Wiunterfold, "very. I t' got sent down becauseo I smiled at one. You're 6 not allowed to.smile in the Senate House. And yet it's difficult not to do. so when you're so full e of pleeaare~at the sight on..?nomueh gr aotness. t Thie .Public rator makes a speech-in Latinu " ?' v ,' v?athirodiffilt .to,iolloas, itn't itY ' naeed a • ..',, i . ::- ,,.. .., -: - - -., -,. Iln, no,, neot at all,"' asseltee. ivnterfold. We're examined iu it after." r 'I don't quite underetand," said David. S"Ti '. it," put in Denleigh, winkiug a Winterfold. I'hey think it wel iu .the universities to train spoutaneous memory, ani one of the means is to reproduce the Public Orator's speech." S"And hen hae you to do this ? Soon after. "I didn't kno they had anything of that sortin churches," David remarked, considerably astonished. "But I should like to know hor they give the deorees" , ell, the ice-Chancellor, you know, he sits at one end." "Does he sit waiting for them to coaes in ?" inquired David, trying to get details. " Ohe, n. oe hast march three times rouun the town first, in gorgeous robe,, preceded by two big fellows with silir pokers, and maski on; and then they walk all thepway up the Senate House, when it's full, to' have bhetter effect; after which the Vice-Chancellor sita down, as I told youe," "I. anybody allowed to go in ?" asked David. "Oh, yes. And it gets pretty full, I can tell yon.' " "I suppose you cheer your friends when they take their degree," David observed. Winfold shook his head "Oh ere not allowed to speak in the Senate House, "o "RIt's very trange," replied David, "hut I've omewhere got hold of another impresonabout that." i adout "TIisore' '" naid Donleigh, 1"nmiain formed," s pid L"Tb best lirk is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. " Those fellows who are going to hav a degreo given them, always look twice as'erand as any body else. They quite patronise the Vice Cheancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the gall eries, where we undergraduates re packed like so many herrings. No doubt they would like us to applaud, but, yon see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Little. go to go in for," went on the speaker, with con biderable warmth; "they'd flid it out, and perhaps they wouldn't be up takin" their degree quite os oon. Alot of 'em came and dined at our college, at the high table, where[ used to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." ' " Whatdo they talk about, now" saidDavid adldrosing the fellow-commoner. "Awful rot," replied Winterfold "They did nothing hut pay each other compliments. I know one was trving not to get out of temper with nher--something about the weight of he world. One said it weighed a quarterofan ounce mor than the other; and that's how it was, I think." S"Really," said David, " I had no idea that :entlemen went to universities to amuse them melves-really I hadn't." The three undergraduates lau hess oa .,' ng this,. "Look. her. b- J k;.a vsoth iarrie. witsh 'o"5 S^ "The proctor got nthi.rT. the slavey let him into the ouse. You've no idea what awful slaveys hose lodging-house ones are. There ought to e a university regulation to make them wash hemselves; you'd say so if you could see one. Veil. wbhn I heard the proctor coming up stairs-" " What is a proctor ?1 asked David. " Oh. a kind of university policeman," re lied Harris. "I just locked the door, and let i?ose two swarm down a rope I've got, into the treet, and there they were, you know; and .I lade out there was something the matter with helock, until they had gone clean off, down eropeat any rate. When the proctor came i, he saw only me and my reading-lamp dud ay books. IHe was quite amazed when I aske im if anything were the matter - quite olitely, you may be. sure. He said he cer ainly thought he heard an uproar comine ouom this very window. I suggested thi ni comeplained of the diflicultv of working 'hile there waa such a.row." "That ws a very rinarrow escape,', said Daviu. "I hope it was a lesson to you all." ""Oh," remarked Springwood, derisively, I don't call that anythingof a, situation." "'You try it, that's all," said Denleigh, ctly. " II'll try a. rope in another position, " uggested Scratchr, who was getting rather Iar gone, and hiccupped considrably. \- I'rm not going to give you the pleasure of writing that paragraph," retorted Springwood. "Youe had better learn to make use ri those 'ouhave. Oh,"he said, turning to Hanson, '! wih I 4al half thatellow's ?h alwayea _ltmng em. - July no eret, vay was sent specially to report on the health of a ertain member of Parliament who had been lyin! at the point of death, and while he was waiting forlatest details, be hanged if he didn't o aud get drunk, and when the details wore iven him. be couldn't understand a word of it, and there waa nothiing in the paper next • ,sroeni, ,?sIu.s it." 'But there was a jolly row," Scratchset owed. n 'I wonder they had any more to do with th. a on the paper," observed Medwin, who said o0 ry little, but generally managed to make Wa t littie offensiv. . They knew whom to value," said Scratch, , , )oriously. " It's more than you seem to." I tell you another thing Scratch did," re rked Hanson. " Young timimon doesn't ow it, I think. Ito went to a great tem- rel rance m eting, where Lord \7"hiterfold was I a siding.' to Ah," said Winterfold, appreciatively, ly dad's awful on the teetotal question." no You haven'timbi.ed amuch of his spirit, at th; v rate," put in Jubal, laughing,. - IT prefer to imbibe ipirit of another sort," - plied Winteriold. This was pretty evident to in his action at thia moment. m The gentleman about whom the story was th be told began a devil's tat'oo on the table hi h?t two, glasses, to drown the voice of the B? -rater. " r Mr. Ilanson only rai.sed his voice, and wase di rivctly audible : white MIdwians who was l h supporter in alit hinge, took the glassesfrot I dtic raich's hands, and flung themo quie ly under table, for which he was applauded. di T say Scratch went to this meeting where )rd WVntcliold was presiding; sent on pisr °'ýa 'tý k >sp eech, and he hanged if he to mpIositor had to ma'e so et i1te?I o m..,?-. off a bit." . ' It wasn't the compositor," exclaimed the di digsnant Scratch, ' who roundel it off." ' e I. hat'squite immaterial to the story." said edwn. " Somebody had to round it off. at to sv ate, whether it was the compositor or the in sil." pl A ..nd vet he wasn't terned off the paper." D d Hanson. " Here you behold him tflourish- w glike a green bay tree. Yos woutin't take m to be a poet, now, to look at him," went , s his ormentor. d= The swhole company agreed that they cer- b: ily ohiculd not. ci 'Well. it's all through a poem he wrote, at got published in the ' KIagaroo,' that he E it hls position. le was only a penny-a-lioer ci fore then, and now he can take what he to Scratch suggested that he ahould like to take ne cherry bracdy, and forthwith be helped v mself, afterwhich be turned very affection- a oly toSpringowoo., and announced his inten. on of dvyin if JPuliet did not return his B ection. ' She cares no more for me," said h ernalist. " than if I were nobody," which as probably the truth. a David began to be alarmed at the prospect o lh ueonrivate revelation. None followed, how- t er. uuuocr-s rr--- - - 1--h-' I orai rod that hlie would write t:ho b.st uotics roi agmable about the ne, burlesque then l1 ring on. the " Look hero, old fellosw," he slid, " you " all write (lo"n wrhat you want me to say, we d I'll put it in form." " I So Spriugwood and Scratch shook hands, wel d Scratch invited himself to lunch at Spring- the rod's the following Monday, where he would gra tch a glimese of Miss Juliet before she went 31 rehearsal.' do. Here. without any prheldeO, Mr. TDenleigh sal inbunced in song his intention of not going thi! lue till morning. All the compai;y, explt the avid, joinedhim in this, and a great noise eI ". the It was about3 o'clock in the morning when he flood of light shot ncroa, the path from The hestutts, and seven rollicking figures turned it, still insisting that they wcre not going tme till morning. Most of them had not far Sgo, fortunately. But Springwood and tlh tratch had to got into the heart of MIanchester " ' rmehow. As a matter of fact they didu't'eat hra mwoat all that night, owing to Mr. Scratch's res tting down on a stone in the high road, and we ifusing to stir, declaring in eepulchral tones ou sat this was the headstoue of the grave of his we lllen genius. f t As for Jubal, ho was stretched at full leunth t1 oder the diningroom table, until his uncle and w, so waitor.carriod :him upstair; the former, o isfhied odin.d-dsoed;not .n the leaat fkinowing ." 'hat:hticio take, and r-eeating as'bitterly int he had adopted ' I" : CHAPTER LI.-TLa-DaiENTLa s. About two milesoutside- Bowdon was a dreary stretch of lfad, iproductive' chiefly .of thbiles. A widish brook intersected this piece of "aate, and pollard willows of gaunt and weird propodtonr flourishedon its banks. No other trees were to be seen, with the exceptionl of three solitary strsicht~poplars that' setoi sentinel over a, bed of osiers. The' land'was put to no sort of use, andhad" a man.gnd-.G.id forsaken aspect rarely to be met with; but siot ossily to be forgotten. No cows grazed there, no cottagers made nse of thedeserted plaea to: run pigs-or ducks out, no birds ever -eemed to, be singing in the immediate neighbourhbod not even a donkey browsed there, thouigh his favourite herb was most abundant. A narrow: footpath lay right across it by the side of the brook, and finally crossed the brook by a little bridge, with a rail on one side only. The iath was not touch worn, as there was a more direct - road than across these fields to almost any. where it could lead to. At one season of year it nearly always became flooded. --.. The people who owned this land: lived in-.an - old-fashioned great house, situate in a valley: about half a mile distant from it. The reader might conclude either that there was no master ' to this establishment, or that he was abroad." Neither was the case. Colonel Denlefelsi scarcely ever left the house, which everyone else in it devoutly wished he could leave. ' They ' led but a dreary lfe, except wheni the colonel's nephew and a chance friend came home froi " Cambridge. irs. Deeleigis a tall lady,.-with much to boast of in the way of ancestors, and .. an indescribable air of never for a moment for getting that she used to be young and good- looking, invited such society as could be got: together, considering that: her husband was'. a5 confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely te? quarrel, and that she iwas encumbered witi'i rather plain daungter, who, If ihe.'did sash know thait she was plain,' hd the le son pidtty; well drummed into her in her- daily:coritaect?. with her worthy parents. It will be imagined,? that Winterfold's advent was aperfectgodsend. "For who knows," said Mrs. Denloigh .to. her husband, .when he was in a rather batter temper than usual, which was not saying much, "but wlathe may marry Amelia off our hands ? I do think there's nothing so disagreeable ahd irritating to see a girl nieta morphosed into an old maid under one's very eyes." "None of the other fellows that have come here have married her," retorted her husband, snappishly. "Everybody isn't such aborn fool as s was." - Mrs. Donleigh was so accustomed to this kind - of remark that she went on without noticing it. " It's of no use to take Amelia to dinner parties . and to balls. She doesn't stow there. She ehines in a domestic light. Therefore if ire wish to marry her, we must bring young men to stay in the house and see what -he is. '? "If she shines in a.domeatio lighr' ." .-iff5- , irritable father, " it's meore th, j..??; . does." . ' ..- n r. - - ro \--- TAfw' sacso viunceaer W e in everey aca . a Allan piopsoed to bring a friend come. On Sunday morning following the party at Fhe Chesnuts, the colonel, with the aid of .the he butler and one or two more servants, had een landed in the breakfast parlour, and was engrily looking out on a dreary stretch of lawn. rud a partially frozen fiahuond at the bottom of t. There was no newspaper, and this always rexed him. It was the one drawback to Sun la, in his opinion. For this reason it was but peevishly that he replied to the greeting of Vintorfold, who entered the room as faded= uokio g as any painted beauty appears at her reakfaist-table after a night's revel. "Morning," grunted the colonel. "Think we shall have any skating?'' asked IVinterfold, rubbing his bloodshot eyes with a ilk handkerchief. "'How can I tell?" replied the colonel. T'l'he weather's nothing to do with me. Iwish hey'd bring that breakfast in. Where's lian ?" " Here, uncle," said that gentleman, entering he room as washed-out as his companion. 'Do you want me for anything?" "Where's Amelia?'" " Hang it all, uncle, what's up with you this norning,?" The colonelnmade no reply, but continued to cowl through the window. - When Amelia came in. and nodded to her - eunsit and his companion, 'and kised the colonel's forehead, she seated herself at the table to dispense the breakfast, which had been brought in on her entrance. Perhaps she was a trifle plain, but she looked very pleasant, which was a creditto her in such a place. "Are you gain" to help me up to the table or oti" said tlhe colonel tohis nephew. " Why, certainly, sir." replied the individual. the ether, escorted the bristling colonel' to his .& accustomed seat. Conversation was not readily made, as the two young gentlemen had headaches; the elder gentlemen, a general ache all over, produced by combined rheumatism and gout, which, in fact, had crippled him. As for Amelia she never talked much-perhaps bcau.se her elders had set her the example of talkinga great deal more than they should have done. She did, how ever, ask if her cousin and Mr. Winterfold were going to church with her. " We may as well go," said Denloigh to' his companion, rather than in answer to his cousin. "We smay see those girls." " What girls?" inquired the colonel. "Well. to tell you the truth, we don't know." replied Allan, "but we iknsow where they live. and I wish aunt wouli call on their folks." "What are they like?" thecolonel proceeded to ask, with a show of interest. "Rather difficult to describe," said his nephe?w. "They are btth tall. But I think the dark one's the prettiest. She's more pisiuat, at ancy rate." The colonel, who was always desirous to add to his acquaintance any gcoa-looking women, mentally resolved that his t ife should call upon them, whoever they were, ar:d invite them to his next dinner, if they could be got to come. But he remarked aloud, not heing able to ex press this to his wife at the mnument, that he did wish Mrs. Densleigi would leave off that habit of having breakfast in bed, and come Sdown, asany other lady would. Before breakfast wa fiuished. Mrs. Deanleigh did arrive, but dressed for church. "Look here, aunt," began Allan at once, " I'll show you those young ladies I spoke of to-day. They are sure to be at church, and uncle vants you to call on thoem." : ·t·riLic, I shall not its until i can fiud out It' r'.?n?.?.a?'i'd-athe proud lady. with a expect their 'wives to folr~.' .*., tn-'sly That mornisgafterecarchn`_i,~s "sr to sst the Reetor's wife to introduce tl? . , in question to his aunt. After a' few common-'., place remarks, the ladies pussoed on, and Mrs. I Denleigh asked the lRector's wift who they were. "They are two wsdows who live together;" was the'epl. "Very quiet, and keep a great Sdeal to themselves, I have heard. My hut baud has been insisting that I should gat them' "' But do yon mean to tell me," said Mrs. Danleigh, "'that that one with the short black Scurls is a widow? She doesn't look out of her "She is a widow. and has a little boy. I. have seen him out with his nurse. But she is very gross-grained, and will hardly letyouloon k at the child." A few minutes later, as they were walking.. along the road boidengs on-the 'waste lana we' have spoken of, Wsmtertold de?cried tw6Aldiklc figure movins leisurely ilong at the aide-of the" brook. Ie itdicated the fact to his friend; and when once the ladies of their own part. had turned round the coner whlich led into . their own grounds, Winterfold anuid enleigh made a simultaneous rush towards the little bridge that lod across the brook into the waste land, and then walked leisurely enough toward. the two black advancing figures. " We must tak o our hats, because, yousee, we have been introduced," said Winterfold. rn quite close to the ladies now, and off went hats. The two girls bowed slightly and vely, and passed on, talking together. he young men were now uncertain what to " We may as well go on to thehigh road," Denieigh. " The are bound to come baek. sway, unless they go by the high road ; for tway poads nowhere except to our house or. followingthem. Deuced cheek, whichever s." And as the.stranger passed by them, : greeted him with a houghty statre, whio returned with one equally loughb!y. (:o nU cosntrUED.) f we may trust a native paper at Bombay, itindoo nose-ring is doomed. A meeting members of the Cutcheo Veesa Oswal caste: been held at Mandvie Bunder, when it was . olved that hereafter their .women should. ar a dower in the nose, instead of. the tomary nose-rini. It was stated that the, sring ef nose-rings had led to " much un sourable comment," and it was further ra ved that it any woman were in future to ar a no-e-riog, she would lhe "liahle tb'a s of 10rd.4a. asnas, is addition to forfeiture: 