GEORGE GRUIKSHANK. The: new series of: illustrated biographies of The Great Artists which ISlessrs. Sampson, Low, Marston and . Co. are now, publishing ' lias its latcst issue in a little and a dainty volumo on George Cruikshank. ' Tho' volume contains a memoir of Cruikshrink by Frodcrio G. Stephens and' a -republication of Thackeray's delightful essay ou the Genius of George Cruikshauk which appeared in the Westminster Jleyiew of June, 1840\. Moro than half n century has passed since the appearanco of 'that essay, and it reads still with a .sort of hot press freshness as if- it had been dashed off tho night before Inst and were published yesterday morning. - Thackeray was in full sympathy with Cruikshauk as an artist. He' could pleasantly ' tolerate CruikshanVs strongest prejudices, and Cruikshank .had bis prejudices hot . and strong. Ho Katod tho French with the.old fashioned "Waterloo imtredj lie. certainly did not love, tlie Irish ; and little as be loved them, his . biographer, Mr. Frederic G. Stephens, seems to love them still less. Thack- orary appears to have taken'Gcorge Crulkshank's prejudices siniply as protty ' Fanuy's way, and not to have been incliued . to regard. theraas matters of serious' objeotion. > The author of the memoir classes- Cruikshank with Hogarth. This appears' to., us to be somewhat magnifying the artistio office- of Cruikshank . , There was ;a good deal. in common between tho two artists; Both were possessod almost always by- what we are nowin the habit of calling a strong moral purpose.' Hogarth illustrated; tho.ovil effects iti this life of breaking ,some„of the command? ments.. . Cruikshank : gave up; much of. - his genius and his artistio, touch-to show the ter rible consequences .which come of an addiction, to ardent spirits. ' Both had fierce , dislikes and international , antipathies. But it is surely too much to.p'ut Oruikidi&uk;, .as', a ' creative genius on the samo leVeT with Hogarth.' i Is it certain' that. Cruikshank is "an artist" for alltimo? Already he. seems to us to be more old fashioned than 'Hogaftlu althongh Hogarth' bolongo'd to the days of, Swift, and many of us had the opportuuity of meeting Crutksh&iik; It' w,quld' bo interesting "to know" whafa' young man of, woman, of the present; day , would thiiik jof Cruikshanla ,- '.Grwt'aiiistic qualities tliejWng nian- or. woman 'would .r liavo to recoghise'- In" Cruiksh'tiuk, 'iiiilcWtlid , young Jmnhq'brvbmah; were a very ' uucuHivated-'or' foolisli\jperspn.i The rabyemeht' "an'd. the life of. "Iris. figures ''only! blindhesscdiddfairto see. His ol'vea'daiico" arid- cap.er with a fiollc freedom and. HgbtnMe.whjcli- eir haturb alono- could' aisumD;"' His dogs, as is often said oj.theog in general,- tho;dog dp -real life, 'can; dqeverything -but speak, ... 14 . fat. dowagers can almost ;bb heard' to puff and ,pant.; But perhaps there'is & little too much - of ugli ness m his picture of lifo for our.milder or. rnoro :e3tlictio modern ways; . Yot we do. notthiuk u thoroughly ' modern, student of art would say. this , lof.i - Hpgartiu'- The " pictine stories, of. Hogarth, truie.a they are to the lire of his time, appear to ;he bound down, to. uo date in their significance. j- - '. . 4 . Ch uikghank', sometimes suffered frqm:& trouble which was ubt iiifitbteil on Hogarththe trouble of having , to , illustrate authors with whom ho was. in - ho inanuer, of sympathy j'also authors' who were very niueh below-hisiown artistic level.. As Thackeray shows m his essay, .rue ;iuastrn- tions by Cruikshank to - Harrison" Aiuswortiis Jack Shcppardx for example, show- the pencil far.'and away superior :to the' peii. '.'It seems tb us," Ikaekeray says,- M that-Mr.! Cruiksliauk really created the"; tale, --and that. -Mr. Aitis- wortb, a3 it -were, only vput- words to it,1'" The atonn in' th'e Thames, i for inatariee;' all 'tho author's ' labored description "of that event has passed ' ol van away 5 'wo havo only before the mind's eye the fino ' plates of 'Cruikshank." Thackeray gives a remarkable picture in words of that picture on a plate: M the poor wretch cowering under the bridge arch as the waves come rushihg ill, and- the boats are whirling away in the drift of 'the great swollen black waters." "How awful is the gloom of the old bridge, a few lights glimmering from the houses here anil thfirel-hut not BO OS to bo rellcctcd'Ott tlio.wator at all, which is too turbiil and rasing : arcat licavj' rnch of clouds'goei sweeping ovoi- the hridgo, and men with, flaring toiches, tlie S»pr,ne.away with tho stream." 1g1'8auhor,. ,11.'ackeray points out,. " requires vh I i f8Cri'b? tllu furyof storm which air. Cruikshank has represented in onh." w3 ! tI'1r a®»? ifc ovo" iu his manv pagos'i nil f -"l 'uIiot- , Ilmckeray evidently 'thought not although i .he only says that any man must noknowlodgo how much more brilliant the artist a description, is ..than tlio writer's, aiid what a rcai genius for the terrihle.as well as for the ridiculous the former has." Tlie terrihle and I® r dISul?,ua W2. indeed tho , cleinenls from which Cruikshnnk drew, his inspiration most easily Of, tnqe, ho , was liappy, iiitcnseiy happy also in the realms of the witch and ' tlie .Warlock, the elf, and the gnome, and the woods .corners .tlrat; give habitatioii to curie and un« partuly .forms.. It does not seem to ua that lie had much to, do. with, beauty. His iiotioii of "a haudsome young man, appears to have been only a young.man with an 'nq. uiline- nose., His' pretty women sccml as if" they were drawn .from pricing .nymph's. V In' liis illustratioris tPivwr ? swious attempts, if we may call them sont-.tliq heroes aud heroiucs appear ho Utter, failures..; But.BiU'Sikes ami mcs a .dog, Fagin aiid.the Artful Dodger, ' thf great Mr. BumUe hiinacIf — these show tho artist with thepeucUequal, or almost equal, oven m oriinalitv' tn' thn nri-Ut-. mm. t).'A '.w?„ Crmkshank clnuricd,:t6 have been really, the originator of ; the story of. Oliver Twist. But -ti1,T,e V' Hia , soul ,ao; miieli into everything he did that he was tipt to think his soul had' been tho. w'hole soul, of the.'eiiterprise, '.Dickens oer- tninly, wrote, pretty good stories still oven after lie liud ' ceased to co-operato with Cruikshank. Moreover, . niijdioily could, have thought of a story about a workhouse boy ; tho difficulty was to tell such a story as Dickens told it. ,If Bacon, let us say, hnd,one day, uhdged Shakspeard and whispered, .."Look Here, '."William, I iiavo got a good Idea out of. Sa'xo' Grammaticiis' about , a young Dauisli.prihco who was supposed to.' liavo gqiie mad,'., and Willlaiii acted on the suggestipu aiid wrote Hamlet, we should say tho play was Siiakspoa re's all the same. : Cruilrahank did cer tainly suggest n name for the lioro, which Dickens declined to adopt— '.vith a ; siiudder, prqhahly. The suggestion was that the hero should, be called I'rcnk Faithful or Friiiik . Stead fast, or' something equally ingenuous. Dickens preferred Oliver Twist. In liis later days' Gruik- sh.iuk bclieved he had settled for ever tho ques lion as to the appearance of Ghosts. Ghosts, ho said, always appear in clothes. Now, there'eari- not be the ghost of a. garment, aud therefore there can be jio. real ghost at all. But, of c'o(irso,'.thdsu'whq'believo 111 ghosts believe only in some power of tlie dear departed .to impress us with a sense of his pvesenco as .wliiiuid lived, and . therefore Hamlets .father's armor is as possible as Hnmlet's father's sable-silvered b'eard. But Cruikshank had rashly asserted \ that ho ghost was ever'dcsenbed.as. appeariiig without cotllC!('»flllll ffirfll IVlf.Il n wlinta 1W nun f n'.n nf " naked, wa"uderig,'., melancholy ghosts " 'was pmired'out upon' him for his better instruction. From the, wnfortuiiate "lady who was doomed., to fly uudraped for ever before " the spectral huntsman of .Ouesti's.linn," aud indeed from a time' centimes beforo liersj and. dowu , to Mrs. Crowo's Fiyhi Sidc'of .Fdtur'c, instances were flunft at. him of apparitions, which, .in far more literal sense than that'of' Miss Flora MTIimsy in the satirical: poem, liad nothing to wear. It was strange that' an artists who had drawn so many ghosts and goblins, and. drawn them so well, should have faile'd'to-.take account'of an important aberration on the jiart of some of the spectral compauionsbip.'-DaHy'Aciw. 