THE STOBVfEkLER NINA THE NIHILIST. A ROMANCE OF THE RUSSIA OF TO-DAY. By JAMES S. BORLASE. Author of ' Both Princess and Police Spy' ' Through a Thousand Perils,' ' Queen of the Harem,' 'Xlie Kose of Bochdale,' &c.; CHAPTER LXXL TUB HOUSE OP THE MUHDEUED JEW. Whether Jnnny Douglas was 'warned be silly Fatima's fate ' or no, she did as she was bidden, and for weeks and months she lived in a darkened house into which the rays of the sun seldom or novor penetrated. Often, indeed more than hall the time, Tschekin was away, but his dumb mother was always about, with her eyes as sharp as those of a lynx, and her footfall as soft as that of a fly, so that had Jenny, or Nina, yielded to the curi osity thatis said to be inherent in women, ten chances to one they would have been discovered peoping, and then what might have been the consequences? Nina h;;d a hard time of it, especially at first, v, lien she had no recollection of Jenny, and very little knowledge or per ception of what passed around her. For days her devoted friend trembled for hor life, and a great deal longer than that for her reason. ? Indeed, when Tsche kin said that she was well, and Nina backed his assertion by doclaring that she had. quite recovered and felt as strong as she had over done, there was something in her appearance and manner that ofted caused the affectionate Eng glish girl to Bhudder, because it was so like madness. Not that she rayed, or talked non sense, or behaved in at all an extraordin ary manner;, she was siugularly quiet and composed, but sho appeared to be continually brooding upon one BUbjrct, and had 'apparently forgotten how to smile. 'i' The sweetness of her voice had quite gone, too, and so had every trace of color from her choeks, 'whilst a strango, wild light had found its home in her eyes, that at times made her bear a wonderful resemblance to Tschekin, and in a lesser degree to his mother also. Jenny Douglas in vain attempted to convince herself that tho continual dwel ling both day and night in a dim, arti ficial light caused her to imagine this strange resemblance between the only throe persons whom she over saw ; but this process of reasoning, though it did very well at first, did not satisfy tho shrewd girl for long, for there certainly was a strikiiig likeness between Tsche kin and Nina, not so much in feature as in expression, that was really most re markable. Nina never spoke, oithor of their fathers or of her husband, and their re membrance never drew tears from her eyes ; indeed they Boomed with their Btrange fire to have burned and withered up all sources of moisture On one occasion Jenny, believing that could she but provoke a flood of tears they would afford her companion relief, boldly made mention of hor parent and her husband almost in the same breath, whereupon Nina said coldly— ' I see what you wish to do, but it will bo time enough to weep for thorn when I bavo avenged thorn. Until that happy day tho fountain of my tears is sealed.' ' Then you know that they are dead all, all ? My own father, too V ' Tschekin has told mo so, and Tsche kin never lies. Be thankful, girl, that they are nearer heaven than wo are — than perhaps I shall ever be.' It was in vain to tell her of the wickedneBS of revenge, or even to quote tho words of Holy Writ, ' Vengeance is mine ; I will repay, saitb. the Lord,' for Nina, with flashing eyes and panting chest, replied — ' That text only applies betwenu mat ' una man, uui» vtv nave uu uu ytiuu uouuo in the likeness of men. That is a very different matter, so never daro to preach again.' Nina's naturally affectionate disposi tion had quite left her ; and sho soon afterwards asked the Teschokins to per mit her to have a bedroom to herself — a request that was at once granted. Jenny felt this act of Nina's keenly, but she never upbraided her nnhapp; friend, for by this time sho folt qnite convinced that sho was not quite in her mind, and that tho severe attack of brain fever from which sho had suffored had left a species of morbid insanity behind it. She could not help fancying, too, that tho Tsohekius, both mother and son, influenced her in some Btrange way, and for a set purpose. Tho conduct of tho people had boon most kind and con siderate towards them both, and Jenny felt that individually, as a friondloss stranger, she owed them a very deep debt of gratitude ; but their treatment of Nina, now that sho was restored to health, was very strango, for their con versation was always or the wickedness of the Czar and his ministers and the righteousness ot revolutions and tho destruction of tyrants and their myrmi dons. Nina would listen to those arguments with breathless inlorest, and drink them into her very soul. Once Jenny ventured to say to Tschekin : ' I think that my friend r.quiroB to bo cheered up instead of de pressed. Do not you think that if you wore to talk to her less of horrors and more of God's goodness it would be. belter for hor 7' ' God's goodness has long been with drawn from uuhappy Kussia, but per haps he is preparing Nina to be one of tho appointed instruments to bring it back.' 1 Oh, you will not tempt my friend into becoming an active revolutionist ?' ' What is to bo will be. I shall neither tempt nor force. If the Al mighty selects her to be a second Char lotte Corday, then I say ' His will be done.' ' And with those words Tscbekin put an end to the discussion by withdraw ing. But that very day ho called the two girls into a room that had a side window looking straight up the street and bt;ond the deserted cholera quarter, iind drawing the blind a couple of inchos to one side bade them both look out. They did so, to behol I a procession passing across the end of tlie street about a quarter of a mile distant, and they could just make out a mnn anil woman bound back to back in a slowly mcving cart, that was surrounded by solJiers with shouldered rifles and fixed bayonets, and followed by a surging, excited crowd. 'There go Vanko Podatchkine and his wife on their way to tho gallows,' hissed Tschekin between his tueth, whilst his eyes, flashed. ' That sight is intended to overawe and intimidate us Nihilists. To my mind it is bettor cal culated to impart twelve devils within each of our breasts, where nine only found lodgment before. Ah, Miss Douglas, when your countrymen onco wanted to destroy a tyrant king they were able to do it with a good deal of form and ceremony and that took it out of the catogory of crime, but in Russia all the form and ceremony is monopo lised by our adversaries ; and so, though we should like to able to have recourse to law courts and judges and a public oxecutioner, these respectable adjuncts to tyrannicide are out of our reach. So when the thing iB done with the dagger or revolver instead of tho axe or tho rope, I suppose that, instead of being called patriots, as were your Cromwull and Milton, Monk and Pytn, we shall bo dubbed by the presa of Europe assassins and miscreants. Jenny could not help looking hard at the speaker as he concludod, and moro than ever was sho convinced that he was a gentleman of high attainments and education. But, in addition to this, she became suspicious of something more, for a strong ray of sunlight streaming through the partly-exposed window fell upon his face, which sho had never before beheld save in semidark ness, and sho saw that it was covered everywhere with cracks. So she at once jumped to the conclu sion that its doadly whiteness was owing to some kind of a preparation wherewith it was enamelled, and that this thick coating of enamel gave also tho deep sunken look to the eyes ; that in short Tschekin was not in real appearance what he seemod, that ho was a man who wore a perpetual yet frequently renovated mask, and that this wonderfully natural mask, in the safety of the house of the murdered Jew in the middle of the doserted cholera quarter, ho had not so closely attended to as was his wont. Jenny had now caught a glimpse of the ' forbidden chamber,' and for tne first time she longed to use ' Fatima's key.' Woman's curiosity was strong within her after all. For some nights previously she had heard a strange monotonous rumbling somewhore or other in the house after she had gone to bed. On this particular night aha heard it again, and an un accountable impulse urged her to ask Nina whether she had noticed it also. She hurriedly dressed herself, and without her shoes made her way to her friend's bodroom, but only to discover by the light of tho glowing stove not only that she was not there, but that lier bed betrayed no evidenoe of having been lain on. To curb hor curiosity now would havo been impossible, for it was long past midnight, and Nina had retired to hor room, professing to be sleepy, at quite nn early hour. Standing by her empty bod sho could bear the strangely monotonous sounds much more clearly than in hor own room, and they put her in mind of tho thud of tho screw of a stemor as she is struggling hard against a head sea. What could it be ? It came evidently from the basemont of the house, perhaps even from the cellars undornoath. She tried to think that hor friend was in peril, and that it was her duty to fly to her rescuo, but in hor heart she really imagined nothing of the kind, and curiosity was her motive power. Obeying tho ungovernable impulse tlint it bestowed on her, sho crept down stairs in her stockinged feet. CHAPTER LXXII. tschekin'b like story. Jenny Douglas knew tho old house so thoroughly from basemont to attic that she required no light to onable her to find hor way about. She glidod down tho worm-drilled staircase of black oak as siK'iilly as a ghost, but when she reached the ground floor of the mansion she found that she had to go further if she would solve the mystery that had so stimulated her curiosity. The cellar door, which she had always hitherto seon with a great padlock on, now stood opon, and a great ray of light came up from below, which was evidently the locale of tho strange nor- C3 that had so puzzled and perploxed hev. Siiie certainly had not gone so far only to turn back ajain when the discovery wns almost made ; and, still persuading herself that it was all for Nina's sake she went down to the stone steps as noiselessly as she had descended the wooden staircase, and at the bottom came, against a closed door which was perforated near the top with Eome round holes t.'int, formed the device of a star, though doubtless they had heed intended for ventilation. Applying hor oyos to two of these, for they wore very close together, Jenny Douglas looked into the ro.m, and suw Nina and Mrs Tschekin hard at work upon a hand printing press, from which thoy were rapidly throwing off copies of that most revolutionary- and Nihilistic Of. papers, . The Will -jf the People, for suo could ? read the Omad black title ' of the broaOslioet, ? ; ; ? ' Both women were engrossed .'with iheir work, as their silent --arne.-.tne-'s and unintenupted action sufficiently tested. Nina had hor sleeves tucked up to her shoulders, and the delicate flesh of her large round white arms quivorcd as she manipulated tho heavy machine, whilst tlie oid r woman placed the blank paper aud withdrew it printed from off the cylinder. ' So she has committed herself heart and soul to this murderous cause,' thought Jenny. ' Theae people have got her to believe that it is a just and righteous one, and to risk not only her soul but tho knout, the prison, the poisonous lead mines — aye, the very gibbet in this unholy and unnatural alli ance.' She was still pondering in this strain, when all at once sho felt a hand laid on her shoulder, and turning round with a Bmothered cry beheld a handsome young man regarding her sternly. Tall and attenuated, his figure had not. changed with his face, nor bad the expression of his eyes, and so, in this young man of not more than twenty-five years, Jenny recognised Tschekin, yes, Tschekin, with the letters VOR branded on each of his cheeks, with an ingrained border, exactly as they wore upon his mother's. Neither his nostrils nor his upper lip had boen slit, nor had his tongue been cut, but the branded cheeks explained one reason for their usual enamel cover ing. Of course there might be others as well. ' You have merited death,' said Tschekin. ' Why are you prying here ?' 'I was frighlenoil at strange noiseB. I went to Nina's room to see whether she was alarmed likewise. Finding it empty and her bed unslept on, I feared she was iu danger and came in quest of her, and my search brought me here.' ' It has brought you to the threshold of the grave, but tho tomb shall not swallow you up this time, because you have erred through love, not through curiosity and treachery. Come into this room, for as you have learnt so much I must make you acquainted with more.' Jenny made no response, hut followed Tschekin into an adjoining cellar, where stood a table covered with copy and proofs, and whose floor was strewn with mutilated newspapers and torn fragments of manuscript. ' Be good enough to sit down there and listen to me,' said Tscbekin, point ing to tho only scat in the place. ' You needn't staro at me so. I dare say, though, my changed appearance does startle you somewhat. For instance, I no longer look like the stern patriot who had slain his two grown-up sons lest they should betray our sacred cause,' and the young man smiled as he apoko. ' No you do not,' rejoined Jenny. ' I can soo that you aro not a day over twenty-five, if indeed so much ; but I was not looking so hard at you for that reason, but because you are so like Nina. It is very strange.' ' Not at all strange whon I inform you that I am her brother.' ' Her brother ? No, no, no, I will never believe it. It is too dreadful.' ' Then I will try and make it less so by confessing that I am only hor half brotlier. I have none of her princely father's bloo.l in my veins, and I thank God for it, but my mother is hers also. What do yon think of that V ' I do not know what to think until — until you have told mo more.' 1 1 am about to do so, that you may feel that Nina is safe with us, and you also as her friend. I have not time for a loiy explanation, for our weekly issue must bo printed and got out of the house a.,d into circulation during the hours of darkness. Ah, tho printing press is a power in these days.' ' Both for good and evil. But tell me of yourself — ot Nina, I mean.1 ' It is not a long tale, thongh a son sationul one. Aly mother was a serf, and murried a serf. He got permission from liis muster to settle in St. Peters burg, for he had developed a genius for painting, and the villago priest had drawn out his talents in that line and trained them into tho propor channel. ' The owner of this serf thought that it would bettor him to share half his slave's earnings as an artist than own tho whole of his toil as a hewer of wood and a drawor of water. That and not good nature induced the great man to let him come with his young wife to St. Petirsbiir.r, where in time I was born, and ivhero in time, too, my father died, though not before hj had made a name and enriched his master as wull as him self by the acquisition of many thousands of roubles, and had well educated my mother and himself. ' Prince Orloff fell in love with my mother, and like the honorable man he was, for I am willing even to give tho devil his due, he wooed her openly and married her. But he lost caste, and that in time preyed upon his proud spirit. . The female aristocracy of St. Puier.-burg and Moscow turned up thoir noses at the ennobled peasant woman, who repaid scorn with s-porn, and took no pains to hide lmr belief in the doc trine of liberty, equality, and universal brotherhood. ' These feelings intensified with years, and were perhaps nurtured and fostered by Prince Orloffs refusal to have any thing at all to tl'i with her firstborn, the son of a p asa.it — myself. It is true ho paid for my schooling, and afterwards for my being brought up to the medical profession, but ho would never admit me inside his palace, or even suffer my mother to see me exeept secretly and on very rare occasions. ' Sach cruel conduct lessened her love for him, and perhaps her affection for her child, the Princess Nina, my half sister, as well, and it soured her temper in addition, bo.that after a few vears they did not live a very happy life to gether, though they managed to keep this secret from the world. 1 My mother's beauty increased, how ever, with her years, whilst at tho same time I suppose it to -k a higher polish. Anyhow, she was thirty-eight when the Police Minister became emamoured of her, got hor husband and daughter out of the way, Mid invaduJ tho Orloff pnlace with hired and masked ruffians, abductod her by brutal fore1, making her husband believe, on his return, that the corpse of another woman was hers, and that she had boon first murdered and then her head carried away. - ' 1 don't believe that Prince Orloff, ever credited this tale, for I can't imagine so shrewd a man doing eo. The headless woman was buried with great pomp as the murdered Princess Orloff, and whon, after staying away from the funeral, I called on my princely stepfather to give him my view of tho case, I was turned out of doors. ' I need not tell you how I at last discovered what had really become of mother, and how the Police Minister, failing to make hor satisfiod with her now position, soon grew tired of her, and fearing the results of hor possible escape and the consequent exposure of his infamy, packed her off to Siberia. ' Again I sought my stepfather's paluce with the information I had ob tained, but I was not suffered to enter the doors. The next day I accosted him in the street, and ho struck me with his riding whip. So I resolved to effect my mother's rescue arid deliverance alone, and after encountering a thousand perils in the attempt I found her work ing in the load mines of Siberia, not the magnificent woman of the year before, but the pitiable object that you now behold. I was detected, and I was brandod, too, as ycu sen, but we esonped together, partly owing to a secret that I possoss of enamelling tho faco, and in timo wo got back to St. Petersburg to discover that my stepfathor had for gotten all about my mother in the charms of a French opora-bouffe singer and a more rat of the police ' Meanwhilo my mother had tho roughly inoculated me with the revolu tionary sentiments which she had always entertained, and tho intensity of which her persecutions and sufferings had deepened a hundred- fold. I becamo a member of tho Revolutionary Tribunal, and under tho name of Tschekiu entered tho secret polico, so that I might botray its inner workings to my companions. ' Well, I havo no time to tell you more now, excopt that I and my mother, aye and my sister Nina now as well, belong to tho glorious army that is pledged to moke war on tyrants and vice, and are thirsting, all three of us, for the glory of martyrdom. I leave you to guess tho rest.' ' Oh, I can too well guess it,' moaned Jenny, as she wrung her haiidE and burst into tears. ' Yon and your mother, maddonod by trials and suffer ings, hardships and persecutions, that I own have been sufficient to madden any body, have striven for weeks and weeks to tnint your sister with the taiie in sanity, and at last huve only too thoroughly succeeded.' ' Ah, Miss Douglas, patriots and enthusiasts have often been deemed insane.' ' Enthusiasm when wrongly directed is frequently the parent of insanity.' ' Be silent. I will listen to this no longer. Do not dare to ins-.ult tho;e whose bread you eat, and whose roof shelters you. My sister Nina will be a second Charlotte Corday, and like her will live in history as the smiter of a tyrant.' CHAPTER LXXIIl. I.EONIE'S STAIt AT ITS ZENITH. All thoso weeks and months — the long, inexpressibly dreary mouths of a Russian winter — Princess Leonie had held high revel in her stately palaoe. Balls, kettle drums, receptions, at homos, fetes — every other night brought one or the other of these. Wo say every other night, for the Princess prized her wondrous beaity far to highly to imperil it by an unin terrupted racket, and on the off nisrb'.s she would go to bed at eight o'clock, af er a simple supper nnd a bath of'lnkor warm milk, for she had no wish to show signs of wear and tear (it twenty as many society belles do now. Sho had long ere Christmas It.st all terror of Tschekin's threatened vengennen, oven though she neglected not a single precaution to ensure hor safety. Her chief reliance was still on Paul and Oscnr, for she never walked along a passage or passed from one apartment to another without tho gigantic chasseur being just in front or behind her, and whatever room she might be in, he was alwayB standing as sentry and bristling with weapons outside the door, whils'. m night he slept across tho mat outsile her bedroom door, and Oscar upon another mat at the foot of her bed, so that she had good reason for considering her self safe. Then, too, at her balls an 1 lovers trusted members of the secret polico, disrruised for the occasion in her own livery, wore always stationed in tho hall to watch and take note of the guests as they entered, so that Leonie was almost like a beautiful princess in an enchanted palace, so hard was it to approach her without the help of the particular spoil that admitted to her presence ; tind many who found that presence discover. J when too late that it was the flower strewn ante-room to the police bureau, the prison cell, and the trackless snows of Siberia. For only too well did she ilo the ruth less Police Minister's bidding, smiling to destroy and enciuragin^ o.ilv to bo tray, with a gay insouciance aiul air of assumed careT'S fiu-ss -vorinii)gon! secrets of State, and the next day transmuiiiig them to her rascally employer, who be fore long was fain to confess that he had never been so well served by a society spy b.fore. Ladies, as a rule, shunned the Palace Orloff, some declaring (but these were generally tho angu'ar and scraggy) that the Princess dressed, or rather undressed, in such a way that it was impossible to approach hor without blushing; whilst others asserted her to be a vulgar up start, and a third clique culled her (amongst themselves) unfeeling, for carrying on in such a style so very soin after the mysterious disappearance, if not the death or banishinont, of her hus band. Whilst many high-born ladies thus shunned hor assemblies, many freely went to them, some bcoause all the noble and handsome men in St. Petersburg were to bo found there, others to k»cp a jealous and watchful oye on husbands and lovers, whom thoy could not keep away from the bewitching syren of the hour ; and a third set, because they did not feel particularly sure of their own safety, shrewdly guossod Loonio to bo what she was, and woro afraid of pro voking hor animosity or her employer's suspicions by staying away. The Princess pafll little hoed to them. Sho'hail always hated hor own sex and idolised the Imndsomo men, by half a scoi'o of whom, counting grand dukes and generals, ambassadors and nobles, she was continually surrounded, the most favovi-d (generally her intondod vic tims) being allowed to lean over the back ol her chair or sit on a low tabouretto at her feet. Was it any wonder that this beauti ful young creature, with her big, violet eyes and baby face, her petite features and tiny rosebud of a mouth, her long, drooping lashes and short curly hail1 of the deepest jut, contrasting witli a skin as milk-while and clear as porcelain, and a neck, shoulders, and arms so snowy, plump and rounded that a painter would havo despaired of doing them justice on canvas, or even a sculp tor in' the purest of Oarara marble — was it any wonder thnt many of heradmirers lost tlioir hearts to her ? But love is not always to bo guarded against, and is accustomed to select its victiais and strike thorn as and when it likes ; and thus it was that, by a most unhappy chance, Leouio, after success fully, though often not without difficulty, hardening her heart against the assaults of the handsome young nobles and guardsmen, nnd foreign attaches lost it to her servant Paul. Paul had lost his to her long ago, but had kept the secret locked up within his breast until ho had discovered much more concerning his young and beauti ful mistress than it behoved his peaco of mind to know. Sleeping just outsido her bedroom door, ami Leonio being accustomed sometimes to talk in her sleep, ho had picked up a little information that way, but ho derived much more from other sources, and when ho had learned that in all probability tho Princess's extrac was as humble as his own, and that she was tho mere child of fortune, instead of a hereditary princess with a line of illus trious ancestry stretching back through a hundrod generations, ho felt that she was but a pretty woman after all, as likely to bo won by a handsome chasseur as by a handsome noble. Had not he saved her life ? Paul argued to himself. And wasn't that gomething ? Wasn't ho the biggest and tallest and handsomest man that ever came into the palace, were he a prince or guardsman or noble, and wasn't that something, too ? Couldn't ho defend her against her enemies bettor than anyone else ? And couldn't he love hor with a greater and more absorb ing love tban any of those perfumed swells who had already, every one of +linm ft»i ft nvnr\ nio linnrf. nwow avoi- half a dozen different women ? Why of course ho could, and wasn't that half the battle ? Paul was not a diffident man, though he was both bravo and honest, and ono worniDg ho frightened and enraged Iieonio by making her on offer of his hand and heart, and got a dismissal frum his situation ns a consequence. But ho did not go, and his mistress was very glad ho had not taken her at her wo id, for she would have boon really afraid to part with her big life gunrdsuiau. I'or a vvliole week Paul was very re s;«!etful to his mistress after this, and then his In-art dared np afresh and he Biade her another offer, saying that he could not help it, and that the words v yld come out in spite of him. This time ho got a beating for his pains, with a whip thut Leonio generally Ir.:pt l\v her for Oscar's special benefit. iiul what did big, burly Punl care for a chastisement from such little hands, a. A in a week out came his offer agnin,_ in almost the exact words that he had u.--ti on the two prior occasions, and this time Li-onie swore soundly at him, auJ callel him a fool, and finished up hy offering to treble his wages on con ditions of hid never being so foolish again. Hut lovn is as contagious as cholera, ad by this time Leouie was very much afraid that sho lovod Paul. She slruggltd against the degrading feeling, an she persisted iu calling it, but the more sho strnggld tho more stubborn gve-w the possion, and at last she found lu- reel f murmuring, ' Well, at all events, he is as good as I am, and I'm sure tbat he has never loved before. He's the 3oh- being nil the wide world through who really cares for me, perhaps, and Li's a;i strong as Samson and as band s -'.lie us Apollo.' (7'o he cntinwd.) I' ,ur yo.iu; uuMi tveiH ploying biliiardo ut t crta'n Uuidcn hotel. The party, feel ifl£' hungry tow 7(!j th« end of the evening ordered tvwi t-audwicbes. They came, a an. .11 but r.jip.'tibing plate ; also the bill— 12k (id. Suori.ly nfiwwatdB one of the ptirly, a quiut. gxiilletuau, naked the waiter to pics hiiD r.uothur eindwicb. 'All gone, Bir, ' was tie reply. The quiet gentleman bticlroned to the wniter, and said, in a con fidential way, 'All gemo?' 'Yes, sir.' ' Go and ordm soone more ' ' How many, sir?' ' \Vt-II,' ciiid tbegtinileman, thought ful1*- glancing at the bid »nd empty plate, 'as I am hungry, I should say about £5 ?worth.' 