SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (Copyright.) BY AN M.D. Mitlinr. of u Under a .Spell,' ' Victoria Cross : Valour, ' 'Science anil Sin,' ' In Lovo with a . trhi/st,' ' Condemned to Death,' &c.; to. I CHAPTER VII. GERALD GRAY'S PERPLEXITIES. The instant I becamo aware that Le. '.Jkiait.ro had . v.teied tlio room, 1 threw aside Julie's careissing . inn and jumped to my feet, liy this time tho in . ..ruder had disappeared and had softly closed tbe looi-i behind lum, lea ving me to tbe uncomfortable eflection that lie would be able to draw all sorts of vrong conclusions from the affectionate attitude ? which be had found me with bis niece. I seemed 'born unto trouble, even as the sparks fly upward,' sj constantly did an adverse fate pursue me. My friendship fortius very beautiful girl \va s n purely Platonic one, and I bad not so much as breathed a ongleword .which she could construe into a warmer tenlmg than 'that of a great interest in her welfare was, m'.yeo.vr, angry with myself, for the late icone made me appear as a traitor to Et hel, whoso iweet love I would die for rather than forfeit by ucb a compromising action' as this. I was about C) pour some ot the vials of lily wrath upon Julie, h it as 1 glanced at. her, her piteous look and tlio neb red blushes that suffused her face and neclt dis irnvd me. ' I trust that you have not mistaken my friend diip for a warmer feeling ?' I said, more gently than f had intended. 'No doubt your affectionate in t rest in me induced you to treat me as a sister *;w -uld a bvotbor.' ' 'Sister !' she exclaimod scornfully. ' I would never be yiriur sister ! I tell you again that I love you \s a betrothed does her future husband. Do not t .'inli harshly of me for my conduct in casting asid» ill, the conventionalities, of society, but until you mine here I bad never seen a : true gentleman rue in heart and manners — and I could not let you go out of my life.' ' - '' YOu ca nnot mean what you say. Retract, your words so that I mav not have to reject vourappcal.' ' I am ? ternblv in earnest,' she answered wildly. ?'All, Gerald, have pity on me!' . ','Tlave pity on vw,V: I retorted. 'Do not force mo 0 humiliate you. by words, which . will: out . you to tin quick ' i , i '!? care, not what you-, say, mis tilong as ypurlove ne ' i ' You compel 'me to tell you tbat-'ifc 'is not m my oower to givo you my anectioii,1 tor it is bestowed ipo.i another lady.' ? ???? ' All yes, t know,' sbo murmured: 'It is Miss lirandou! She is very beautiful, 'but -.slu; has not the foiCu of t; 1 1 . 1 1 1 1 C t ' ? i 1 1 1 , 1 1, I 1 ia- e. Sin: would iiiitku you an ordinary, wife, whose \vholc soul .would bo wrapped -up in domestic, alfairs. But I have ambi tion, which i could elevate the man I lovo to the highest pinnacle of fame. If I were your wife, Gerald, your lot should be raised beyond tbe petty meannesses of household worries, liiid you should soar as ii god above men.' 'How could you have beard of Miss Brandon ? ' 1 asked, astonished that the niece of a gambling house;, keeper was so well posted up in my affairs. , 'T.jat is my secret,' she replied. 'But , I liavo foui d out all' I want to know, about the man I lovo. your past history, your being a prisoner on parole, even your ? penchant- Son Ethel ISrandon are known to me.' ' 'Then, being iii the possession of all these facts, 'o 'you think you were justified in endeavouring to ?upi laiit Miss Brandon ? Can you reconcile your action with your sense of honour ?' ''Hpnour.l ' , slie.exclaimed; scornfully. 'Do you think, I pause to weigh my actions, when by so doing f might lose the man I lovo ? You English have a proverb that 'All is fair in1 lovo and war.' I 'have girie to your ; nation to learn this lessmi, and have s ) profited by it that I would now stoop to 'anything, to make you my husbanrt ! ' 'Your words disenchant nie,' I answered, with a keen sense of disappointinent that so much evil still lurked beneath such a beautiful exterior. ' Yet ;l will save j'ou from stooping to the dishonour able means you hint at, by informing you of my emphatic intention of marrying Miss Brandon, and' no one else.' 'Ah, ' that girl, I hate her!' she exclaimed pas sionately. i; 1 ; ' 'I regret to hear you say so,' I replied coldly. ' As' I see that there is no further object to b* gai ied by my staying here, I will wish you good day.'; I moved towards the door as I spoke, filled with anger, at lier bitter feeling for Ethel, but before I could open it she: had thrown herself at my feet and seized my hands. 'Do not leave me with anger in your heart !' she entreated. 'I could not bear to think that you hated and despised me. Your good opinion is all the world to me, and if you will only promise to come back aud be kind as you have always been, I will try to bo worthy of it.' Her distress seemed so genuino that my heart melted. I became as pliant as wax, and consented to continue my. visits as if this unpleasant incident had never happened, and to treat her with tlie same deference as I would a sister ! ' Tlie quarrel being thus patched up, I was per mitted to withdraw from Julie's presence upon the understanding that I would present myself tlie noxt d iy. I was somewhat bewildered by the scene I had gone through, and was looking gladly forward to a walk in the bright warm air when Le Maitre approached me and bogged tho favour of an inter view. I assented, and accompanied liiin to his office, tlie door of which lie carefully closed. 'I congratu late you, Monsieur!' he said, breaking the silence. 'I congratulate you from the bottom of my heart, tor you are well worthy of sucligood fortune.' 'May I ask why you are congratulating me?' I inquired frigidly. , 'On account of your engagement to my niece Julie. She is ail excellent girl, a pearl above price, a id had I not known your good character I should have refused to surrender her to you.' 'As you have not yet been asked to surrender her, your good wishos aro a trille premature,' I replied sarcastically, for tho man's vulgar familiarity was offensive. 'Ah, yes ! , But of course since I was unfortunato enough to surprise you in sucli a romantic situation, I guessed — in fact I saw ? ' ' Do. not lot your imagination run away with you,' I interrupted. 'Few people are able to invariably ,t -ust the evidence of their own eyesight, and there fore I advise you to place no credence upon what you thought you saw.' 'What' miserable trick are you attempting to play upon me ? ' said Ln Maitre angrily. 'Did I not see you kneeling to Julie, with your arm round her neck ? What inference do you wish me to draw from such actions ? ' 'Simply what I said Before— that tho eyesight often cheats the understanding. However, to satisfy you, I assert that I do not love Mademoiselle Julie, and that consequently I ask neither for your con sent nor your blessing.' 'So/instil' exclaimed the irate Frenchman. 'Do -ot think that I will accept your cold-blooded asser ti-n as sufficient explanation. You have yet to tell me how it was that I interrupted a scene replete with tenderness and love. If you are attempting to play my Julie false, I will tear your heart out of you, scelerat ! ' 'Any explanation you think necessary must ?mianate from your niece. As far as 1 am con cerned, I shall offer none.' I spoke thus from a feeling of reticence at exposing Julio's want of self restraint to this ? coarse-minded gambler, though ho was her uncle. Le Maitro worked himself up into a paroxysm of ury when he heard my answer. 'You shall pay early if I tind you have been trilling with the poor girl's affections,' he gasped out. 'Your con duct. shall bo exposed to tbe club, and every honourable man will avoid you like a pestilence. 1 therefore givo you the opportunity of now declaring your intention of marrying Julie, aud if you refuse your name shall become a scoff and a bye-word throughout Paris. I am not threatening beyond my power, so I await your decision.' 'I will not marry Julie,' X replied. 'And do not try t) assume such an odour of sanctity with me, for I happen to know a i'ow anecdotes 'concern lag antecedents which, if published, would suffice to ensure you a kicking from one end of tlie \ city to tbe other. I do not intend to prdlong this conversation any further, as it iu neither profitable to you nor to me.' Tlio volubility of Lo Maitre- tongue assailed mo until I had shut his office door on him. I walked quickly out. of the club, and arrived at Dubosqoc'i chambers in an agitated condition of mind, partly due to indignation at the manager's insufferable ] behaviour and partly tbe result of a conviction that I had made a very perfect fool of myself. Notwithstanding my promise to Julie I did not go near tbe club for some days, for I did not Caro to face the insolence of Le Maitre, who I felt sure would attack me on my next visit. After a week had elapsed, I received a note from Julie expressing surprise at my having broken our compact, aud begging me to call upon her that morning. Having convinced myself that I was a coward for breaking my word, merely because ? I wished to avoid an unpleasant meeting with Lo Maitre, I once again began my visits to the 'Cercle des Bohcmiens,' and my friendship with Julie speedily settled down into its old footing. Ten days passed, and, strange to say, I did not onco come across the uncle. I was inclined to attribute his avoidanco of mo to a sense of Bhanio evoked by his having had a full, explanation with Julie. I should very much have liked to ask her if this was tlie case, but I dreaded referring to tho past for fear of stirring up anew her volcano of passion, -which sundry little acts told me was uot extinct, but slumbering. Nothing but a foolish ignorance could have in duced me to monopolise daily the society of a girl who had expressed such a dangerous affection for ma, but in my blindfolded youthfuluess I continued to bluuder into tho snare until I was again rudely awakened by tho reappearance of Le Malta: on t he scene. This time he, addressed me by letter ; it was curt ind to the point, and demanded an interview upon the subject of my renewed addresses to his niece! I was at breakfast with Diibosque when I read this disagreeable epistle, and its contents so annoyed me that I gave vent to an impatient ex clamation as 1 brought its perusal to an end., My 1 companion looked at mo and asked the cause of my upset. For a moment I hesitated to tell him of tho trouble I had so innocently forged for myself; then it occurred to me that; sooner or later I might bo glad of a friend whose larger knowledge of life would bo invaluable, and I therefore threw the etfcer across the table and requested liim to read it. He gave a little mocking laugh as he folded itvp aud returned it, saying, ' You are to be.cbugratulateA on, being the first man who .lias succeeded in im-. parting some human softness to Julie 's heart of stone. There are many men who would givo half their ? fortunes to be in your position.' ? *..? 'I assure you that I would willingly part -with half of mine to extricate myself from it;' I replied. . ' There spoko the cold- blooded 1 Briton!' said' ? Dubosque, with an irritating smile. ' You have been angling long and patiently enough ' for your fish, and when you havo got it the excitement vanishes, and j'ou don't value it a rush. Having succeeded in gaining tho lady's affections, you now coolly assert that marriage is out of the question ! What is this equivocal positiou that Le Maitre found you in ? Probably some of those loving caresses that a gentleman only offers to a lady whom he intends to make his wife. That letter and your own words prove to tne that you are try- 1 ing to plav fast and loose with an orphan girl whose position is sufficiently difficult without your increasing its embarrassment iu so heartless u, manner.' ' You aro driving me mad between you ! ' I ex claimed. 'How dare you impute tome such vile conduct when you are fully cognisant, of my unalter able attachment to Miss Brandon ? It almost seems as if you were all in a conspiracy to make me degrade myself by a low alliance with a broken down gambler's niece.' My words drove Dubosque into a perfect fury. Never beforo had I seen liim lose such control over himself as he did now. His face became lirid, and he took a few steps in my direction with clenched fists and an expression which clearly denoted his intention of attacking me. But in another second his rage died out, and lie resumed his seat. 'Bah, I; am a fool!' he ejaculated.. 'Yet you should not insult the girl, for her father was a gallant soldier, and sho lias as good blood in her veins as you. ' To marry her is to marry a lady of birth and education. As to your ridiculous idea about a conspiracy — it is not worth refuting, and Jv.lio lias plenty of noble lovers without you.' 'I cannot imagine how I drifted into this entanglement,' I said, bitterly. 'I admire Julie in many ways, but Bhe herself well knows that my love belongs to another woman. I have broached this subject to you, hoping that with your experi- , ence of the world you might be able to suggest a course of action that will satisfy all parties and yet leave mei free.' ' Every man who respects himself, and wishes to be respected, is bound by a rigid code of honour,' said Dubosque. 'A man who deliberately breaks a girl's heart merely to wile away his idle hours, and refuses the only reparation possible, puts himself outside the pale, and ceases to be a fit associate for honourable people.' 'My ideas of honour are as rigid as yours,' X said, ' but I fail to see how I havo offended against the code. Such being the view 1 take of my own conduct, I shall write a brief note to Le Maitre declining to meet him at the ' Cercle. ' ' 'A letter such as that will bring you a challenge before the day is out,' said Dubosque. 'Le Maitre, whatever his faults, is a brave man, and will not sit quietly under the affront you have offered to his family.' 'Nevertheless, I shall write the letter,' I answered decidedly. 'Anything is better than being baitod in Le Maitro's trap.' 'You are an enigma!' exclaimed my friend. ' Hero you have tho choice of two things. Ono is a lovely, bright, clever wife; tho other is a bullet fired by a dead shot. Yet you reject tho brilliant prospiect of matrimony, and choose the almost cer tain fate of extinction!' 'Better that than Ethel Brandon should deem me false ! Ah, promise me that if matters should come to the dark ending you so glibly prophesy, you will convey a letter to her, and that you will tell her I chose death rather than dishonour ? ' 'Of course I will do that, should you decide, upon such a stupid method of arranging your affairs,' replied Dubosque in a voice that seemed to hesitate. 'I ought to settle everything in expectation of a duel,' I continued.'I will therefore occupy the rest of the day iu writing letters. Ah, I have one more, favour to ask you. Will you be niy second ?' Dubosque turned his face from mo as I asked tho question. 'I cannot !' he answered in a shaking Voice. 'What!' I exclaimed, very much hurt at this point blank refusal, 'Will you, the only friend I have in France, desert nie in my hour of need ? Surely you must have some very weighty reason for declining?'. 'I have!' lie replied. 'Do you object to duelling on principle?' I Inquired. | 'Oil the contrary, I think it an excellent institu- S tion to punish a mau for those sins which Ihe law i refuses to recognise.' I 'I am perfectly mystified,' I answered, 'I'or j goodness' sake, give, me your objections to acting as | uiy friend in the field.' 'As you press nie, 1 must. But I would rather not. . However, I have laid down a rule never to act as second to anyone whose conduct lias debarred liiia j from the society of honourable men !' i 'Do you mean to apply that rule to your estimate of my conduct ?' I asked in a tone iu which calm- | ness struggled for mastery over indignation. 1 ?? I am sorry to say that I do !' | 'Au accusation so grave as this requires a very | full explanation,' 5 replied, with suppressed mge. j 'I should think that from what I have previously j said, you ought to have gathered my meaning, iiut ! should there be any further doubt in your mind, I I repeat — and I repeat, it with pain — that I consider j your behaviour to Mademoiselle de Savigny to bo j unworthy of a gentleman and of a man of honour.' j I was thunderstruck, amazed, at the cold, do liberate iiuuiner in which this condemnation was flung at me. When I was able to speak, 1 answered in a voice as freezing and as deliberate as Duboiiiue'at 'faince you havo satiatied jJ'euj'ieU I (hat I am a mail devoid of honour I shall inflict my society upon you as little, as my peculiar ? Circumstances will permit. In future i will tak.s my meals a)om*;or, at. a cafe, or, with your consent; I will remove myself to another lodging.' I| 'There is no necessity. Remain' here,' said :M Dubosque quickly. % 'Please to understand then, that I no longer con- ,1 siiler myself your guest, but. your prisoner, and . 1 moreover that 1 intend, should I survive Le Mail re's .. 9 pistol, Lo force you to give 111c satisfaction for your ? I insulting expressions.' v-V ' J 'Ah, ho, not. that. !' ho exclaimed, 'i- would I almost, be murder !' | 'I do uot understand your allusion, but. that does 1 not alter the fact that I intend to vindicate my '% honour.' J 'As you will,' ho replied huskily. 'I am finny a for you, but I could not avoid all these com- $ plications,' ' 3 Then in a few hurried strides ho reached tho «i door. I thought that he had made up bis mind to „o j but he turned round abruptly and faced nie. 'I do I not wish you to inconvenience yourself on nn' '| account,' he said. 'Stay in these rooms and use J them as your own. I will seek my lodging else- J where.' I lietoro 1 could answer ho again' moved off niut- '| tering to himsell, aud I overheard him say (on : | Dieu ! What shuttlecocks of fate, we are ! Yet agaiiwt | my better feelings I must carry it through to the ' ' ?'% end!' 1 He disappeared, and left mo to my solitary iriedi- . J tatiomi. 1 paced up and down the room a prey to J an anguish i had not experienced since niv restora- . f tion to. health, for even if Le Maitre was ton \\\Ue v to make me. the target for his pistol, I was pledged -1 to meet the mau 1 had a sincere affection for iu a ' hostile; manner. And Dubosque himself apparently had some compunction in fighting a duel with onu Wlv- had been his guest, and companion for so long; — at. least I was led to believe this froni tbe broken ' sentences lie uttered .before he left the 'room, For a. long time after Dubosque's 'abrupt depar ture I sat thinking Over tlie many extraordinary anomalies his behaviour to me presented. Of one thing I was certain, that the cause, of his uneven temperament could be found in souie events that occurred to liim about six weeks ago, for previous to that period he had 'been an easy going man whose emotions were under admirable control. Hut; he had not' thought fit to reveal to me the nature or those events, hence 1 was ill entire ignorance of tin1 causes which conspired so powerfully to alter his character. Yet from the unequal 'manner of his conduct towards nie, I began to wonder whet her I was tlio bite «oiV which was destroying liis peace of ? mind. With a sigh at the utter vanity of all earthly tilings, I shook off these depressing thoughts and began actively to arrange my affairs in anticipation . , of the two duels I should have to fight. First aud foremost, 'I wrote, and despatched a curt letter to Le Maitre declining to meet him and disclaiming any intention of marrying bis niece; then I coin posed a long, tender letter to Ethel, wherein I bared ? the iiinust feelings of my heart, and told- her of the agony I had endured through our separation. With this I enclosed my last Will and Testament, b e - queathing all my wordly goods to her whom I loved better than life. . 1 had obtained a certificate of my complete sanity from the professors of Ste. Marie Hospital, and this I fastened to the Will, so that Ethel should have no trouble in obtaining - my ' fortune. My poor uncle also was not forgotten, and 1 thus by the time I had arranged my affairs tlie afternoon was wearing into evening, arid I had as - ' ? yet left undone a very important business — that ol procuring a second. Hut here, another difficulty presented itself. All the men 1 knew were friends of Dubosque, introduced to me by him; could I, therofore, expect any of them to take my part against liim ? Like an in spiration there flashed across my -. memory the - name of an old Frcnch General who once had been intimate with my father. It, was strange that I had '.forgotten him' for so long, but. I now intended to make up for lost time aud beg his services in '. the forthcoming encounters. Yet here another doubt assailed me. 1 had . passed my word to hold no communication, either spoken or written, with any - of my old friends without tbe express sanction of tha secret committed. To obtain the requisite per mission to visit General l'ontbier, I should have to prefer my request through Dubosque — through the very man of all others 1 had tho least desire to ask a favour of! Could I, iu. tho desperate strait to 1 which I was reduced, treat my revolutionary .inns culottes for once with tho contempt they deserved; and take my liberty into my own hands ? It would . ' probably be a dangerous method of getting out of my dilemma, but hardly more, perilous than tho pistol of Le Maitre or Dubosque at the distance of twelve paces. The Gordian knot was cut for me tlie arrival of the expected challenge from Julie's uncle, which necessitated my finding a friend without, delay. Utterly indifferent to tbe spies who might be track ing my every movement, I sallied forth to secura ' tho services of uiy father's old coinrade-iu-aniu. i i'o be coniinuid. 1 Mishit may noL always win, nut it can stand it tr u, doesn't. A mas nover gets so poor that he can't borrow trouble without security. Why is a vine like a soldier ? — Because it is 'listed, - trained, has tendrils, and then shoots. AViiy are there more marriages in winter than in summer? — -Because then men soek comforters and ladies seek — muffs. ? Why is a man happier with t.v.f- wives than wit h 1 one? — Ho may be happy with one, but with two lie1 is pretty certain to bo transported. N Wiif.x is a clock on the stairs dangerous ? — When it runs down. Why is O tbe noisiest of all tho vowels ? — Because you can't, make a horrid noise without it, whilst all the others are m-a-udiblc. Why is a dog biting his own tail like a good manager? — Because he makes both ends meet. When is a blow from a lady welcome? — When she strikes you agreeably. ' Tun operation,' said tlio surgeon gently to the man who bad just mot with nil accident, 'will he very painful. I strongly advise you to take nn mum t hetic.' ' No,' said the sufferer, ' I think I coil bear it. I have been used to shaving myself.' TitAsir: ' Don't call me lazy, madam. I assure you I take great pleasure in using tlio pick.' Lady: ' Well, there's one in tlie barn you can Use to clear the iee from that path.' Tramp: 'It isn't the right kind, lady.' Lady: 'Why, what kind of a pick do you mean?' Trump: ' A tooth-pick.' Bunks (during heavy rain) : ' Did you run over nnd ask Jinks for that umbrella 1 lent liim last, night,?' Oflico Qioy : 'Yes, sir; lie says lie's very sorry, but the umbrella is wet yet , and he wouldn't, liko to return it. in that condition. He says he will carry it home to-night and dry it by t he lire,' Pi.u.Miinn's Boy (out of breath from running): , ' Here's tho solder — I found it, on— the bench — 'u' — - ra-ra-raccd back — all tlio way !' Boss Plumber: ' Th' idee of a plumber's 'prentice running ? Do you want to set an example that will rnin the trade ? (lo on back to the shop 'n' fetch me some rosin; V if ye git here in less n an hour and' a half, I'll dis charge yo.' ? ''? Wuaro all dependent upon one another in this world; but all have our sunny and our shadowy days, and we all, in our turn, need sympathy anil help. ? , Tun one prudence in life is concentration ; the one evil is dissipation; aud it makes no difference whether ? our dissipations are coarse or fine. Mas. BtjOtteii (of a literary turn):; 'And, John, send up a gallon of midnight oil. All our best writers, I'm told, burn it.' ' May I not aspiro to your hand ?' he asked earnestly. 'Permit ine,' she said positively, ' lo assure you that this is a lone hand.' Tim man who will complain that a 20 minuto sermon is too long will sit half a day watching a cotiplo of chess playors making two moves. IIkii Parting Wound. — 'So your wife has loft you?' ' Sho has.' ' What were her last words on leaving you ? ' ' 'Ib my hot on straight?'' ' My husband is very fond of animuls,' said Mrs. Furber; 'last night in his sleop he turned ovor and Biiid: 'Take out something for tno kitty ? Woman can't throw a stono straight to save her soul, but she can- sit in an easy chair and enchant a mini so that ho will go and throw it for her. Why ia a chrysalis like a hot roll? — Because it's tho grub ttmt makes the butter fly. What coin is double its value by deducting its half ? — Halfpenny. , Ir a treo wero to break a window, what would the window say ? — Tree-nic-nd-us, Why is a whisper liko a forged £5 noto ? — Because it, is uttered — but not aloud. Why h a room full of married folk liko an empty room?— Becauso there's not a singlo person in it. 