TOPICS OF THE DAY. lb is notified for information that hia Kxcelluncy tho Governor will distribute tlio prizou won at tho recent Victorian Riflu Association mooting at tho Ex hibition Buildim on Tuesday, 8th Decem- ber, nt, 3 piin. Tho 1st V. Regiment will furnish the usual guard cf honor. For sometime past tho congregation of Wesley Church, Lonsdale struct, whilom tho leading church of tho denomination, in the colony, has been continuously decreasing in numbers. Whuro formerly there wero crowded attendances sabbath after sabbath tit both tho morning and evening services, there is. now only to bo seen a " beggarly array of empty benches." This haa giving great concern to thu authorities of the church as n whole, who cannot discover a reason for such a change. Tho building is one of the noblest of the religious edifices in tho city. It lias a splendid organ, possesses an excellent choir, and the pulpitis ulways occupied by a good preacher. Still tho people do not ' roll up" as in former days. A dark cloud seems to hover o'er it. which no means that have been tiled can dispcrso. On Sunday last be anniversary services were held. As a general rule, such an occasion brings for ward a largo audience, but on Sunday morning thu total numbor of tho congre gation did not reach eighty. This in a building which, will accommodate at least eight hundred persons was rather a piliablo sight. Tho maUor was referred to by tho Rev. K. C. Iiunn, who preached tho sormon. Ho expressed n iiopo that by tho power of the Cross tho prosont statu cf affairs would soon bo dis pelled, that the power of God would again manifest itself in tho consecrated building in which so many souls had boon redeemed unto Christ, and that to such an extent that Lhe building would havo to bo eiilargod. iio referred to numerous instances in tho past, wheu not only was the ordinary accommodation overfilled, but the space behind tbo pulpit was also crowded with anxious souls scii'king salvation. Ho concluded by praying that this Sabbath mightboLho starting point for tho iurtlior manifesU- timm tif God's thiU'DP niul elntv in Hi'ik sanctuary. Regulations and orders, causing grievous tribulations and vexation ninotigs ttlio mumbors of tho polico forco doing duty at kubbou street barracks continuo to bo made. Tho constables aro now not allowed to wear serge jumpers nor sorgo trousers unless they harmonise with tho bluo cloth jumpers, The ciotli jumpors are considorcd very oppressive, and tho men conttidcr tlint sufficient notico has not bcon given thar- sorgo jumpers wurc not to be worn. A groat many constables havo surge jumpors almost now in thoir possession, and thoy nro rendered useless in conscquenco of this latest order. The arrivals in tho Bay this morning were as follows : — It. M.S. Arcadia, from Sydney ; Franklin and Beeswing, steamers, from Wollongong ; and Lindus, steamer, from Newcastle. The R.M.S. Oratavo, from London/duo in the Bay early this morning, Jefb Ply mouth on tho 24th October, and ex perienced fino and pleasant weather up to tho 23rd November, whan strung south east winds with high confused sea pre vailed to arrival at Albany on tho 28th, thonco fine weather to Adolaide. The health of tho possongors has boon excep tionally eood with thu exception of ono death from paralysis. In tho Principality of Monaco, says "Truth," thoro is an opening for the Salvation Army. A otromi dotachmont ought assuredly to bo aonb to parade its streets and gardens with banjoes and sacred melodies. What a boon it would bo woro croupiora to become Army cap tains und punters to take to hymn-singing instead of roulctto 1 At a meeting hold last night between members of tho Kow Borough .Council ami several lending burgessus, tho subject of railway extension in Kow was thoroughly sifted, and it was decided to agitate fur nn extension of tho Gulling- wood lino through the Asylum reserves to a junction with the Outer Circle lino at Willusmero, in contradistinction to the cxtonsion of the present Kow lino by way of a tunnel. In rosponnc to a requisition signed by a largo number of prominent ratepayers tho Mayor of Hawthorn this morning agreed to oniivoim u meeting of citizens of that nluco for Monduy evening next at tho local Town Hull to consider tho Constitution Act Amendment Dill. A special olfurt is buing made by tho Libural Party in Hawthorn to secure tho services of pruminuut jjoliticiutis to speak in favor of tbo ouu-mau'onu-voto principle/ You would novor think to look ut'Lbo villa called "Itolyat," on Wellington Parade, that from year to year a talented httlo lady within its walla continuos to turn out an ever-increasing number of Victorian artists. This year Mrs Charles Taylor's pretty studios aro mora crowded thnn before with tho work of her pupils, and thero are very few copies in the collection. Landscapes aro numorous, and many are of no llttlo iuorit. A lanro picturo showing tho re sults of A Day's Sport, msrke Bin J. H. Connoll as ouu of tho best artists who corno to "Holynt." A study of a well- known Ukiuld boy, who condescended, to give sovoral sittings for his " pictur', " is cfTootive, though yet unfinished. Portrait paintore aro not lacking in the ranks of Mn Taylor's pupils,- and the entire exhibition is voiy creditable, and should be gratifying to many others be sides tho hostess of tho villa' called " Itolyat," on Wellington Parade, . This evcuing, at tho Theatre Royal Mr Walter Ilcntloy will appear as llamle, for tho- first ' timo In tola city, and Miss laora Hansen will make her first ap pearance in Australia as Ophelia,' Mr Julius Knight will play Laertes, Mr Cathcart, Polonlus t Mr- Aluerson, tho Ghost j Miss Jenoie Watt-Tanner, the Queen I and Miss Gwendoline Floyd, Oirlo. iq thlaoonneo- tiou Mr Walter Beatly writes correct- ing an error in our tone of Satur day, in wntch it was slated that tho part of Ophelia would lie played by Mn Walter Beotley. That lady is still with Mr BeaUey't travelling company in Scotland, and Is sow ' playing in Greenock. The leading lady of this evening is Miss Laura Hansen, who ns already stated, will first appear as Ophelia. The state ment was founded on some preliminary notices in the European press, sent months in advance, of Mr Boutley's jcarney, in which Mr and Mn Bcntley'a movements appear to have been erroneously described. To-morrow being the thirty-eeventh anni versary of tho Itormi&cof; the Eareka Stock- ado, the directorsof thsCycloramaof Waterloo where the great picture of that famous event in Australian history is exhibited, will give every visiter portraits of the group of diggers' tried la Melbourne for their part la the riots. '"We have received from Messrs G. D. Meadell and Dickenson their handy pocket share fist for.the month. We havo received copies of Sands and M'Dougali's Feony Monthly Railway Guide and Diary. A conversazione to welcome the Rev. Geo. Tait, M.A.. the new pastor of tbc South Yarra Presbyterian Church, will be held in the school hall, Punt Road, to-morrow evening- at a quarter to eight. The Revs. J. F. M'Crae, J. O. Maokie, F. Slade aod otbor gentlemen will address the meeting, whilst the musical arrangements will be in the hands of Mr Tbos. J. Hammond and the Soutn Yarra Musical Society, 