il OCEAN SIGEET: A STRANGE S.TOBY. [Conuueuoed in tlie Ktebdj& Ksws of Honday, lltJi May.] [AU Rights Reserved.] CONTENTS OP CHAP. Nos. XXX to XXIX. Chapter 5XZ— Jiin mates iiis Father half believe Amos Robinson te be an Impostor. XXH.— ' I want yon tinder my personal pro tection while Jim feels as lie does towards you.' XXHL — Jim Ballinger gathees news of some survivors of the You Tangs. XXIV. — ' I don't suppose you had two mur '? derers on board the You Yangs at any rate.' XXV. — Winny is caught in a trap, and Ben 'Bougbton schemes a inurder. XXVI. — 'This may help to fasten the crime on Jim Ballinger more surely \- still.' XXVII. — ' He saw that the man possessed a face which he . had never seen but once or twice before/' ? . XXVIII. — ' A soldier's red3 or a convict's grey, between them lies your choice, Jim.' XXIX. — ' 'What are you badgering and bait ing me for ? What's your little game?' CHAPTEE XXI.— (CoNTiKutn.) As soon, therefore, as he had given the farm hand his instructions, and gent him off to execute thfeni, he turned to the still irate Jim, and said to him very gravely, and in a lower tone than either of them had yet spoken in — ' There goes a man, my lad, -vrfio could, and doubtless -would — because 'twould he biB simple duty, don't you see — help to hang you were you to put your present ferocious -desires into execution. Aujrer &nd; revenge are 'very dangerous feelings to encourage, Jim, and if you don't try lutrd to get rid of them your own self, I must endeavor to thrash 'em out of you, whether Hike the task or no. Are ,you attending to what I'm saying ?' ' No, I'm not, dad, and that's fiat, for* I'm not in the humor to be preached to or lectured. If you really want to do any good you'll lecture Winny, and not me. j You've housed, fed, and clothed her for j the whole nine years that she's heen. little'i better than an orphan and a pauper,- and aow that she's corns into £50,000 it's a pretty go that she should immediately and at once give it and herself away to a per fect stranger, instead of marrying her benefactors sou, who has worshipped the J very ground she walks on for I don't know i how long, and spending1 some of her for tune in doubling the size of the farm, as there's now a splendid opportunity of doing, thus making it one of the very finest, if not absolutely the finest, in the county, all for the benefit of themselves and their chil dren after you.' & Jim knew very well that he was attack ing his father on his weakest side, and Btirring up ardent -wishes ?which he had for long entertained, and which even a fourth of Winny' s fortune would now enable liim togratif^-, a fine farm having just- become vacant that bordered, or ?' marched'1 with j their own, as the local expression has ii. j ' Well, she certainly is unost ungrateful girl to throw you over so 'coolly, hit poor boy,' old Ballinger therefore said with a sudden change of tone and manner, ** and. ft-hat's more, I'll tell iier so to her face. 1 doubt not Lsr father expressed a wish in his letter that she should marry his mate, perhaps even laid' a command upon her to do so. rTwould be just like hini if he did, meddling and muddling where it would have been far better had he left things alone. But it's beyond reason that the wench sLould yield to such whims and crank*; She should' think more of what she owes to me, who have stood iu the place of a parent too her for half her life ; aye, and of what she owes to you as well, who were I ready to marry her, though she wasn't I possessed of a penny, and with my full I approval into the bargain. By George, I she shan't break thy heart, lad, ii' my I appealing to her better feelings will pre I Veul it j and if iny words have no effect on I her, d — — it, she's my own winsome I Winny no longer, and I shan't scruple to I tell her so pretty plainly.' I ' Try the treacle by itself before you I add the brimstone, dad; and be sure and I do all you can to convince her that this I fellow really is an impostor,' said Jim, I almost restored to good temper by his: I father's last speech. I ' Aye, lad, hut I can't do so, because I I don't believe that he is an impostor ; in I fact, I'm sure he's not, for he certainly I knew your uncle John thoroughly, there can I be no doubt about that. He convinced me I he did before he was in the house aniour.' I ' Well,- and hadn't he plenty -of time &» I make his acquaintance on board: ship? I Weren't he and the real Amos most pro I tably always talking together, and this I fellow listening to them ? He says He I 'was theJast survivor on the raft, and that I I'm. ready to believe, because his being so I gave him. the opportunity of plundering I the dead, which doubtlesB he availed him I Bdf of by -robbing Uncle John's corpse of ? the belt that contained this preckmsj letter, /Wiuiayfe portrait, and Heaven I alone knows }irh?£* besides f _ and .^exry I haps .ei!bsb..'b£.';,»fi' thai* .showy- jewellery I that he Tvears. Ifs , certainly ,'. odd I that any jnan; should busf -a diamond ring I to fit the forefinger of his hand,- rather; I &an; the third or fourth, bat not nearly so I strange that he should wear one on it that. ? came into, his possession haphazard and; I was too , large . to fit either bf the other I fingers that Tings are usually .worn on.. I Sow can't jou see a great -deal in ? that kind ? of argument, dad P' . '...'[, ? Disappointment and rage had certainly I sharpened. Jim BaUinger's facilities aniaz I ^gly* yet, aievertheless, he ^wa» far from ? STifipecting h,ow very nearly .he had hit. ? °pon the truth in the clever and 4pisnsible ? fiction that he imagined he had concocted. B Bis father, on the other 'liaaid, was anore ? '^pressed .by his son's line of reasoning ? *W h© cared tc|^-^^&^ei^e;':^os':ii.i::&t;': ? «*-* saw'lh6aee^abUi^tdt;;,;vV; 'V-S --'^ ? He, however, oont«it«d l^sOMtli' ivith saying, ' You should have been, a tale writer, or a detective, Jim, instead of a farmer. I'm blest if you don't seem to have mistaken your vocation. Now I'm off to have a chat with Winny ;' and of£ he accordingly went, leaving his son in some wonderment as to whether the com mencement and middle of his last speech were really meant or only uttered sarcasti cally. Old Ballinger kept his promise by going straight away to ' Winsome Winnie,' and by giving her a downright, rating on his son's account into the bargain. Indeed never before had lie spoken so harshly to her, and plenty of tears and sobbings were the result. Nevertheless, he found himself quite powerless to break the resolution that she had formed with regard to marrying Amos Robinson. » ' I will obey niy poor father's last wishes* and I know that Mr. Robinson is no impostor,' that was all she could say, and thereon she made a firm stand. . . .. She gratefully acknowledged her uncle's long and' almost paternal kindness to her, which she declared sue would nerer forget: expressed her sorrow for Jim's disappoint ment, but stated her conviction that he would ' soon get over it ;'? , said she had- discovered that she had never really loved him, except as a cousin ; averred, with many blushes, that it already seemed to her that she had known Amos 'Robinson for years ; and, finally, she sent her doting old uncle away no longer angry with her in the least, but very crestfallen and sorrowful notwith standing.- -. - CHAPTER XXII. ' I WAKT YOU UNDER MY PEBSONAI, PBOTKC TION WHIMS JUT FEELS AS HE DOES T0'WA1U-S YOU/' Farmer George was not only grieved on Ms only son's behalf, whom he gave credit for possessing far deeper feeling than was actually the case, but also on his own, for Winny was every Whit as dear to him as though she had been his daughter, instead J of only his dead sister1 b child, and here i she. was turning away from them all in j order to marry a perfect stranger, who, in \ all probability, for so old Ballinger argued to himself, would almost directly there after return to Australia with her j for he , was well aware that England possessed j attractions for very few people indeed who had once lived and prospered in that far away land of gold atid almost perpetual sunshine. . ? ? I Winny had handed him her fathers letter io read, and had also shown'him her photograph, explaining the - while how Amos Bobinsoa had assured her he had' nearly worshipped it tor years,' and that 'twas it more than aught else -which had induced him to take a voyage of 13,000 miles in order to attempt to win her for Ms wife. . . , ? This explanation caused the farmer io think better of Robinson than he had done whilst wondering how he could have been so deeply smitten with her at first sight and sumnioned up the audacity to tell her so. . When, therefore, he happened to come suddenly across Amos, who, feeling far from comfortable, had been trying to keep clear both from father and son until they had to a certain extent digested what he felt sure ere this they had both 'of thetn had to swallow, namely, the knowledge that 'Winny Seudamore had agreed to be come Iiis wife, George Ballinger said.sadlj?, but by no means angrily — 'Well, lad, I wish you joy, notwith standing that you have brough heavy sorrow to me and mine, sorrow that we shan't recover from in. a hurry, I reckon.' ' Oh, don't say that, Mr. Ballinger,' responded Amos, a great load suddenly taken off his heart by the resigned manner in which the farmer had- received the news ; 'oh, don't say that,' he repeated, ' for I've no idea of robbing you altogether of Winny, which would be a poor return indeed ^or i3ie kindness that you have Bbown her for so many years. I' know very well how exceedingly loth she would be to leave one who has been as a second father to her, and&eally; Buckinghamshire is such a beautiful county that I'vealmost determined to turn farmer like yourself, and make it my home for the rest of my ilays.' ...-:?.' ' What, and never see Australia again£w exclaimed Ballinger, equally pleased, and surprised at the communication. ' And never see Australia again, just so. The fact is that -with its sage-green foliage, and its parched and dusty plains, il; never had any .attraction .. for me, except as a money-getting place, and such an object no longer exists. Then, again, that ter rible voyage home has sickened me of the sea altogether, and the mereidea of Winny undertaking so perilous a journey -would fill me with, something very like horror. Ko, no, Mr. Ballinger,* her dead father's matters, -will included, -can all be arranged and settled by a power of attorney ; and so, to use a stereotyped expression, you will find -that instead of. losing a daughter you have gained a Bon.' .-?-.?? ''And'deligh'f-e&'shaU'i be to doso,3'ex daimed thefaimer, grasping- Aaxtos Hobin son -heartily by the hand,- but then the expression of* his 'countenance underwent a sodden, change, and he continued in &ix; altered tone : **I yety much-d.dnbt €f -my poor Jim will take the same view of the matter though. He is terribly cut up .by the «6hdiact ; of hM- t;dnsin, whom lie has looked forward to one day 'mii&injr; bis wife almost from a chilu. Be knows the news already, and is iu a terrible way abput it. In factjhte feels* pistolrbuilets «nd knife points towards 'you, so pray don't stroke his fui .the -ftibig -wky' if j^oii cam jjossibly h.elp-it?'..' . -?--.?-.., -?;--..:..-- '?-?/': .].:' ?'?'.'.-' '--.iv ?'-. '? Not i,-±OT I do assure yon that J*m vri^fv^p^yTf^i^ypr^iih:- ~Bi0 at 22 ^ JQQ -passion is 'very deep, -and yon'll ^iSiidL ihat hip -will not dAveMta W^I eHterifevb*' Mmself . By -the iye, .ihie ?B^a ^ob3,o^poi!4, tunity'for iae Htov^e^reBS^/mjr vregretsiorv. ?vrkta&i-jiai; '^for^jir ^v-^^JBJife^ '-^Sjdi''^^'- ,06 gciat HaAiM -^SaAJua kaoif when lie was beaten. X positively couldn't afford to | spare him. Had I tried to, he'd have given me worse than I gave him.' *' What you've given him. with your fists ?won't hurt the lad, and I'm pleased to hear that he made so good a fight of it — extremely pleased — for it's an honest old English way of settling- minor differ ences that I much approve of. No, it's the blow that you've planted in his heart, not on his head, that's troubling me at the present.' ...... 'Postpone its troubling you until you see whether it spoils bis appetite, Mr. 'Bal linger. He may sulk with his meals for one. day, or even two, for love -will often drive lads so far; but if he 'makes up for it on the third, arid I for one shall be ex tremely surprised if he doesn't, why. then, the .-worst w^ll be over.' ** And the worst won't be very bad in that case,' laughed the- farmer ; but then he added more gravely, ' You evidently aren't a bit surprised that you're no favo rite of his j indeed it would be very* sur prising if you were. On that account I hope you'll tkke no heed of his, dpg-liie snarls and growls, for ^ou must own/you know, that you've give him a bitter pUl to swallow, and that's the way in which he expresses his dislike to it. He calls you an impostor, perhaps .credits it, but you' might very possibly do the same under like provocation, were your posi tions but reversed. He even just now went as far as to declare that he'd no doubt you -were the last man on the raft, but that it was that very fact .which enabled you to take 3bhnScu.damore'fl belt from. Ms dead body, to master all the secrets that it ?contained, and afterwards to pass yourself off asiris mate, who doubtless had. fed the sharks ere than.' I* tell you- all this iii order that you may know what poor Jim Is capable of saying, so that you and I in&f.; both discover wiethe? yoa are capable of bearing iigoodiaatnredly.'. . 1 1 vpas: ' perhaps ' well for the party, ad-, dressed that Ballinger looked steadily on the 4?round instead of straight into his face while he disclosed to him .his son. Jim's suspicions' and possible convictions, for that face suddenly became as pale as any ghost's, «ven to the very lips. ': .-?/??'?? '??;.:: '^ ?'?'???- :-*t6'9s3e'4h-kiebrj3ei-,V ' '??'?' i- ? -. ICovdmeac^i :Wpa£^tBspsa STiws V 3ff»nelaT» Jlti'ICiivl 1 4-ri-,, -frJ- ii^iBkB&BB;&J;&kitMxr--; ??? ;:'? -..:-.-. 