BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. April cntne in like a lion, and a roaring lion at that. There w'na no April fool about it; the storm that raged till f.hrough the State the early portion of the wee&, left a broad swath of disaster and ruin which wilJ be're membered with sorrow and grief long after ' the flowers shall bloom in the Spring,' tra la. It was horrid, yes, simply horrid; we could have stood it with Christian patience in February; with a little mild pro fanity we might have endured it with forti tude in March; but in April—well, it's no use talking, it required all the Sabbath School lessons and Bible reading that I have accumulated in a tolerably long and trouble some life, to keep me from falling into the Ways oi the wicked. Instead of meeting yo'ur friend in the street with the cheerful inquiry,- cEfoW are you, old fellow V' the question iKA? wits, ' HovA your grip T Not well, eh ! what f y'oftf" wife stole? tow, and the girls down, well, well. Tom's: a'll right,-I suppose; no! been .in bed fo? n w4'ek yott say ! I .never heard a word of it, bttt then I never heard a word of anything, fori imren't been out of the house myself for a week. Cheerful, isn't it? But this has been the i style of conversation ever since AH Fool's Bay. Whether it was on account of the weather complications and the unfortunate results, I know riot { liobody seemed to be in a very amiable state of mind, and even the sweetness which usually distinguishes me from my neighbors was swallowed up in the general fog, and an intimate friend remarked to his estimable wife,that the amiable Broad brim resembled a boar with a sore head. ('Editorial note')—Nob very complimentary, but undoubtedly true. But aside, from .the weather there were many other things, that conspired to disturb me. I used to have a bieli opinion of Major McKinley. The noble stand which he took in behalf of his friend, Senator Sherman,at the Chicago Convention, filled mo with admiration for the man ; but from information I received last week, no more.Major McKinley in ,mine. ..On, State occasions, when , I entertain President Harrison, Mr. Blaine, Jay Gould or any: other of my intimate friends at dinner, it has been my usual custom to send out for a quart of ice creum, and this I procured from an Italian confectionery .kept by <» lady named McCivrty. For several years past the standard price of ice cream has.bepn thirty-five ccnts per quart, but during the ice famine of . last year, on account of the high , price "of ice, cream was raised to fifty,cents the ice crop of . this year,'however, has been eminently satisfactory, it is now clown to the scale of former years, buc ice cream, remains where it was last summer. I called - on... Mrs. McCarty and inquired if ice cream .was going to come down, and alio replied, ' indade sur, it is not.' I reminded her that ice had gone back to its. former rates, and she answered, ' yds, that's throo, but eggs is gone up.' I inquired the cause, and she pledged me her word as an honest; confectioner, that the ' hins' don't be laying as many eggs iver since, the McKinley tariff ; that settled me, therefore I repeat, no more Major McKinley in mine. Our Methodist friends have been having quite a lively time during the week at the East New York • Conference,. held at Pat chogue, on Long Island. On Thursday the vexed question came up which has troubled so many conferences in the past about admitting women to the ministry. The -debate raged with partizan bitterness, almost amounting to personality, the progressive and intellectual portion championing the cause of women, and all the old. hard heads who believe that the earth is flat and supported on a turtle's back, clinging to Peter and Paul. The condition of women in Judea,when Paul wrote and Peter lived, was very .much like the coudition of the Moham medan woman in Judea to-day. She was a drudge and a slave, a thing to , work for man, to toil in the fields, to spin at the loom, to minister to his pleasure,; and when she went abroad, unless of the commonest sort, she covered her face. She had no education, she could not converse with her husband, and often had to stand while the brute gobbled up the meal she had prepared, .leaving her to gather up the crumbs. No wonder Peter had ">r opinion of her. No wonder Peter did P"r-,. .'--r. She was not altogether not endorse «... • . paui nn(j peter. But lovely, and so I forgivs _ , f thi if thoy had lived In the after of nineteenth cohtUrV 1 should lis?* delighted to.jtakei (Jietii to it liie'etiilg of ills Sb'rtisiSj iiiid to have sat tlifeffl doifril jlil & tete-fi-teft: irith swefefc jenny iftine Of Sirs, iib'ctbt .Lpgier) Or iiily biifci of the bliglit fromeii tliat iiiakb lijJ that tHagnificent organizatitfii ; or t slioiild like fctt jiaid Peter and Paui together at the Lite wofilefi's congress at, Washington, and I would have sent the pair of them back to Jerusalem, there to repent in sackcloth and ashes that they had ever said one word to the disparage ment of women. The Rev. John S. Brecken ridge led the attack in a fierce and bitter phillipic, which made many of the members doubt if he, ever read the papers. He certainly did not look as if he personally knew ruuch of woman's softening influence or' sweet companionship. The hard puritanical lines of the face, and the cruel expression of that iron jaw, were not very promising for woman's advancement as long as the reverend doctor wits alive. But some of the brightest men ill the conference were. found . on the Women's side. President Raymond was their . champion from the start), and the Rev. Icha bod Simmons, of Mount Vernon, SeV.Samuei Beiller, of Brooklyn, the Rev. J. C. North of South Norwalk, and Professor Rice, of the' ' WesleyanXTniver3ity, ^ stood nobly up for' woman in tho fight, but on a final vote the antedeluvians carried it. They shook each other's hand arid seemed very glad ; perhaps they .Were, but aftetthey are all dead, women will still be found knocking at the door, arid I should not be at all surprised if, by hook or by crook, she managed to get in. On Saturday afternoon occurred ono of tho most memorable events in our dramatic his-. . tory. It was • the retirement of Edwin Booth from the stage, of which he has been the chief ornament forso manyyears. The farewell was not pronounced as final, and the hope was held but that at somo future time he might be soon again upon the boards, but to those who witnessed his last performance it seemed a forlorn hope, and as he passed behind the curtain after tho recall, the audienceknew that it had rung down on him forever. The char acter chosen for his final adieu was Hamlet, and no sadder performance has been seen on the American stage. The performance was givon at the Academy of Music in Brooklyn, and the house was packed. His old time admirers turned out by hundreds, and the sweet maidens of twenty-five years ago,who went to sleep with his photograph under their pillows, now staid matrons with grown up daughters and sons, came to bid farewell to their old time flame, and to repeat ' sotto voce,' Whittier's sweet lines : " Of all the Bad words from tongue or pen. The 8adde3t are those, it might have been." The heavy inroads of disease on a constitution nover strong were painfully manifest, and tho dire shock of the death of his bosom friend Lawrence Barrett,all conspired to the painful result. But whether this shall bo tho ond or not, ho will long bo remembered as one who stood at the head of his profession, who en joyed the friendship of the best men of his time,and who in all those years was regarded as tho brightest ornament of the American stage. But though he puts aside the laurel crown and no moro listens to the thundering plaudits of the multitude, his lot is not an unhappy one. In the quiet and classic associations of tho 'Players' Club,' which his bounty founded ancl his wealth enriched, he peacefully drifts towards the unknown shore, bright with hope and mellowed with golden light. He carries with him to his re tirement the respect and lovo of thousands v» ho have profited by tho fruits of his genius, and who will forget without an effort his passing decadence, and remembor him only as the brightest star of that noble profession where for a quarter of a century he stood "without a peer. % Thern is one question which is troubling us now more than theatres,-or fine arts, or religious gatherings, and that is the question of emigration. The muddy stream rolls in a mighty flood, to which there seems little abate ment^ surccase. The startling fact connect ed with it is, that,thanks to tho laws enacted by demagogues at Washington, brains and in telligence are barred out, and filth and ignor ance are let in. A church on the Fifth nvenuo has to pay tho Government of the "United States one thousand dollars as the penalty of importing from England a minister to preach the Gospel of Christ", but thoy let in a dirty Italian with a deformed leg, the stump of an arm, a hand organ and a monkey, to sit in our public thoroughfares all day, stunning our ears with their discordant "abominations and shocking ouv women with tho horrid si>»ht of their deformity. How did they pass the Emigration Commission ? I don't ^ &no-r;>y hut hero they are. In addition to this an stiii/vy host is a vast horde of Slavs' and Hans rt'oi'e' numerous than that which over run and destroyed the Empire of Rome-^ Russians, Potey Auatrians, and Hungarians, who bring little of modern civilization or modern ideas with'Ohetn, but have all the (Terre-fj instincts and bitter prejudices of their progenitors. The evil of this is, that they liive here ifi the large cities, when- reduced bo the lowest stage of misery are farmed out by unscrupulous contractors' to mines and coke works, railroads and' either labor, with false promises from their treacherous country men, which were nevor acquli'scd't in' by the employers. A few years ago wtf Mad'a large German and Irish emigration far tfsfce.Bding all others put together. The Irish sp6?W; our language, and no matter what the stac^' of destitution on their arrival, it only took fi lew years of industry and thrift to place them on a level with our most enterprising citizens. The Irishman's children worked their way to wealth and position, they won .scats in Congress, became Governors of States', rtnd occupied tlic Mayor's chair'in all of otic large cities.- The Germain, if ho did not wriderstaW our/afrguage on his arrival, was not long in acquiring it. He still loved Faderland, s^irtg r Wachtaxn Khine,' smoked' the meerschaum, drank Bock Bier, nnd eat Sehwertzor Ease and Solognn, but when yon touched his American citizenship he was just as sound an American fis the heroes whose blood crimsoned BreedfV Hill, or' wliose bones enrich the flowers thai bloom on the field of Gettysburg.- This Italian and ] Slav emigration is not a healthy one ; it is [ full of the portents of future evil and disaster. The Italians are brought here in droves by speculators who have accumulated vast for tunes by selling them into virtual slavery. Out ; of eighty thousand arrivals only five | thousand could speak out lan guage, and thousands of those who arrived iast week \vill never learn it till- they reach their:graves; The problem that faces us is a serioda one;> 'We try to shut our eyes to it at tidies, but lik'e the ghost of Banquo ib will not go down. Six years ago labor was para lyzed at the thought of thero being fifty-sis thousand Chinamen in the United. States. How'aboub Atilla and his Huns 1 , Tl)h.*k of it. ; •' Yours truly ' BROADBRIM. , •Mdxti-coloub Apparatus.—An appartus ■ foriptiiiting in several colours at one and the samo'time has been invented by Mr. P. Old field, of 70 Gracechureh-street, London, and lias recently beon inspected in operation by us. It consists of an ingenious arrangement of inking slab and rollers, by means of which several colors can be printed upon the same line of type, which produces an attractive result, particularly in large posters. A print- ing machine fitted with this apparatus can print from one form a variety of colors at one revolution of the cylinder, together with a border, if desired, in any. one color, thus effecting a great saving of time and material in both machine and composing departments. It takes only one hour longer to prepare the machine for. the Oldfield process than it does for the ordinary black forme. It is stated that a bill embodying any number of colours can be turned out at the same price as a two colour bill. The apparatus, which does not exceed in weight the ordinary slab, can be attached at a smallfexpense to any existing Wharfedale or cylinder machine without interfering with its use for ordinary printing purposes. Upon tho occasion of our in spection the Oldfield apparatus was put to work with very satisfactory results. —• "Tim«.s." The Siberian Railway.--It seems that the long-talked of Siberian Railway is at last •about to be commenced, as an Imperial ukase has been published directing the expropriation of the owners of the land required for the construction of the Vladivostock-Grafsraja section, and it is stated that the engineer and tho workmen by whom the line is to be con structed have left. Odessa for Vladivostock, where the works are to be begun. This section of the line is to be pushed on as quickly as possible, probably as much with a view to military contingencies as for any other object. We are informed that the Chinese authorities are considerably alarmed at ths prospect of the railway being completed in that district, and that probably one effect will be the making of another lino by tho Chinese . -■■dor to facilitate the transport- of troops J need.—" Industries." 