THE NOVELIST. Tlie World's Desire. (BY H. EIDER HAGGARD AND ANDREW LANG.) Helenam vero immortalem fuisse indicat tempus. SEBVIÜS. .¿ENEID II., 501. BOOK II. . . CHAPTER VIH.-"(CONTINUED.) Sbo heard, then sprang from, the couch aüd stood over, him like a lion over a slain deer, her fierce and lovely face alive with rage and feai*. « Is ho dead?" she hissed iu his oar, "Dead.! andi, knew it not. Then thouhasl murdered him, and thus I avenge hie murder." ! With the word she snatched a daggei from her girdle-that sanio dagger with which she once had struck at Meneptah her brother, when he would have kissed her, and high it flashed above Rei the Priest. "Nay," she went on, letting the knife fall ; " after another fashion shalt thou die -more slowly, Rei, yes, more slowly. Thou knowest the torment of the .palm tree? By that thou shalt die 1" She paused, and Btood above him with quivering limbs, heaving breast, and eyes that flashed like stars. ¡ . ., "Stay! stay!" he cried. "It is not I who have slain this, "Wanderer, if he in deed is dead,-but his own folly. For he is gone to look upon the Strange Hathqr, and those who look upon the Hathor do battle with the Unseon Swords, and those who do battle with, the Unseen Swords must lie in the baths of bronze and seek the Under World." , The face of Meriarnun grew white at this word as the alabaster of the walls, and she cried aloud with a great cry. Then she sank upon the couch, pressing herhand to her brow and moaning " How may I save him ? How may I save him from that accursed witch ? Alas ! It is too late-but at least I will know his end, ay, and hear of the beauty of her who slays him. Rei," she .whispered, not in the speech of Khem, but in the dead tongue of a dead people, " be not wrath with me. Oh, have pity on my weakness. Thou knowest of the'Putting-forth of.the Spirit -is it not so ?" " I am instructed,1' he answered, in the same speech "'twas I who taught thee this art, I, and that Ancient Evil which is thine." "True-it was thou, Rei. Thou hast ever loved me, so thou swearest, and many a deed of dread have we dared together. Lend me 'thy Spirit, Rei, that I may send it forth to the temple of the False Hathor, and learn what passes in the temple, and of the death of him-whom I must love." " An ill deed, Meriamun, and a fearful," he answered, " for there shall my Spirit meet them who watch the gates, and who knows what may chance when the bodiless one that yet hath earthly life meets the bodiless ones that live no inores on earth ?" " Yet wilt thou dare it, Rei, for love of me, as being instructed thou alone, canst do," she pleaded. " Never have I refused thee aught, Meri amun, nor will I say thee nay. This only I ask of thee-that if my Spirit comes back no more, thou wilt bury me in that tomb which I have made ready by Thebes, and if it may be¿ by thy strength of magic wring mo from the power of the strange Wardens. I am. prepared-thou knowest the Bp ell-say it." He sank back in ,,the carven couch, and looked upward. , Then Meriamun drew near to him, gazed into his eyes and whispered in his ear in that d.ead tongue she knew. , And as she whispered the face of Rei grow like the face of one dead. She drew back and spoke aloud "Art thou loosed, Spirit of Rei ?" Then the lips bf Rei answered her, say ing, 'il am loosed, Meriamun. Whither shall I go?" . " To the court of the temple of Hathor, that is before the shrine." " It is don.e, Meriamun." " What seesfc thou ?" " I see a man clad in golden armor. He. stands with buckler raised before the door way of the shrine, and before him are tho ghoBts of heroes dead, though he may not see them with the eyes" of the flesh. .From within the Bhrine there comes a sound, of singing, and he listens to the singing.'» - " "What does he hear ?" Then the iobsed Spirit of Rei the Priest told Meriamun the Queen all the words of the song that Helen sang. And when she ¡ heard and knew that it waa Argive Helen who sat in the halls of Hathor, the heart of the Queen grew faint within her, and her knees trembled. Yet more did she tremble when she learned those words that rang like the words she herself had heard in her vision long ago-telling of bliss that had been, of the hate of the Gods, and of the unending Quest. I Now the song ended, and the Wanderer went up against the ghosts, and the Spirit of Rei,.speaking with the lips of Rei, told all that befell, while Meriamun hearkened with open ears-ay, and cried aloud with joy when tho Wanderer forced his path through the invisible swords. Then once more tho sweet voice sang and tho loosed Spirit of Roi told the words she j sang, and to Meriamun they seemed fate I fal. Then ho told her all the talk that passed between tho Wanderer and the ghosts. Now the ghosts being gone she bade the Spirit of Rei follow the Wanderer up the sanctuaiy, and from the loosed Spirit heard how he rent the web, and of all the words of Helen and of the craft of him who feigned to be Paris. Then the web was torn and the eyes of the Spirit of Rei looked on the beauty of her who was be hind it. . , - . " Tell me of the face of the False Ha thor?" said the Queen. And the Spirit of Rei answered : " Her face is that beauty which gathered like a mask upon the face of dead Hataska, and upon the face of the Bai, and the face of the Ka, when thou spakest with the spirit of her" thou hadst slain." Now Meriamun groaned aloud, for she knew that doom was on her. Last of all, she heard the telling of the loves of Odysseus and of Helen, her undying foe, of their kiss, of their betrothal, and of that marriage which should be on the morrow night. Meriamun the Queen said never a word, but when all was done and the Wanderer bad left the shrine again, she whispered in the ear of Rei the Priest, and drew back his Spirit to him so that ht awoke as a man awakes from sleep. He awoke and saw the Queen sitting over against him with a face white as th( face of the dead, and about her deep eyei were lines of black. " Hast thou heard, Meriamurf?" hi asked. \- " I have heard," she answered. " What dreadful thing hast thou heard ?' he asked again, for he knew nought of tha which his Spirit had seen. " I have heard things that may not b< told," she said, " but this I will tell thee He of whom we spoke hath passed th< ghosts, he hath met with the False Hatho -that accursed woman, and he return here all unharmed. Now go, Rei !" 