"HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the nifehfc of October 27th, 1842, the fcaod ?hip "Mary Compton," of Bristol, Fngland, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The'wind blew furiously, but the v. eather was clear, and tho captain ex pected every moment to got Bight of the light 111 the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Guio ut ma position, ho sailed on confidently* Five minutes later the ship struck with a fear ful shock and wont to pieces. Four men, in cluding the Captain, were savod. On reach ing the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper bad bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of tho man who darkens it in tho face of a storm-tossed spirit ? u y*ou are beyond human aid." These words wre said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that ho thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for ho might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out tin* light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was ao giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled, 14 and," she said " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." Sho had to hold herself op or sit down for fear of falling.* She broke out iu a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak, I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the dispensary at New Briggate and asked tho doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, 11 have mixed' you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The lost one said, (t Yon are past human aid" "My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I'lmd no appetite and had lost flesh till I was I wan thin us o ghost. My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was-of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat* About this time I commenced vomiting, and what 1 threw up was tinged with blood, Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on Saturday .morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. I vtAt this time I remembered that Mrs. "Wilson with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in.East street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's, the chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time 1 ha(^ finished the secoud bottle I had got over all my bad Bymptoms, and was fast getting my strength back, Iain now (Agril, 1890), ia better health than ever before in my"Tife. 141 should hava taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and wo had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at lust, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends aud neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York "Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs, Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mm. Wilson. 