I ;ootrt:ir50 Gossip. ,.u,roos ' tlf juibatea an own " S'-i ;»r -.l.e V.B.C. Derbjot ot, from Iris, who I ' '' ' ' 4 l"k' i! V p i'c .J,, informed on the best \ '.".eed to win no less . - '- 11 .jible" tor the Mor- 1' "-'-d/e- ! 'psom on Saturday Ht- r I". lather ol the well- " jcrs and trainers in ; ')tr '-L ' ThomftS of thBt ilk, ' ' 7 jtfi'.i'i! n 'Si at his residence, ,i; Monarch in band at -1! S of Progress has had ' ' '-id now looks as if he ' a li -t'jl rurdleraaer when he ' V ;key, made his re- H ' ; ,poitan course on ,b King Tom IL in the H ; " " u'L t:-'-. n 'echase. His mount, ,ro4, wi'l win a race , j lof.ro thatW. Sledden, M ; v . ,:.r associated with Mr. ; '" .i j,,,' head man, has been i 1s 'V.t ' f- - hgto train privately H Hc wil1 train Helene ji.'Oj.a'V.'X'!... . colt, Tommy, who , t.. < j r jj,e Xwo-Year-Old ! i<. Winter meeting, is ' iiui lappy Thought, and am brother to Mr. D. ' H j i thnt defeated the dead fcripslor Handicap at the . r3 . nt'sTy meeting last week, ' ' .. X' lTlc Farren, by Black ; ; ...p-.-ere by The Drummer . .. liy Kingston. H - ; fc . i ihursday, the 7lh of , : ,= Prince of Wales with H ' v'. ' , -i -tad sapphire pin in ' lJ'', . . ; i'lc riding of Uettie in V-qe ntSandown Park. 'V ss' mare won. ' i- o\v the owner of the H -r who was truly an . ; ,-r ;-b n in Mr. W. Glass- H ' f; op of His Grace has H : i M . F. F. Dakin in the " v." decided at Colac on I _ reek the sea sand has H Killing boxes at head- ' j' nr. boon trainers are ue ranger has had .. .'y - d clearing out the ing grounds, 60 that H . srore speedily run off. at the Melbourne H :! » following score: — y a 'tiJ'&l;, Vengeance, Mal- H |r , ; -:uilon, Gresford, Loyal- . f. ; a, Propounder, Forty "r . r. , nchaser, Bel Giorno, H o Jacket, Fortunatus, H ' of Panic and Bertha, i artin Burke have good e former for victories, b, is stillin the land of N iw Zealand I learn that . .. now 22 years old, is . idy's hack in a country id. v Farm races on Saturday : Kational Hurdle liace in Hat races. In the . . :>j; yllinger (Gst 71b) ran un- gon, with 9st 71b, in the pan, who is also engaged g event, went one better, H iternwick Park Handicap . I engaged in the V.B.G. jdle Race, was stated to H bin injured himself on Saturday morning tt be-quarters. The gay old son of Julian venel was, however, on the training ground H ps Sunday morning, and there was nothing ipparently the matter with him then, but Bolgei kindly informed me that the horse did tit one ol bis legs last week when going a fillop. "Ens vooden horses do not always show I the same form,1' remarked the learned Judge Eivkmi in the course of the Penrhyn-Gale cue, recently decided in England. The Ttcus remarked this about the timber snine ol \bdr time, and if I remember atight lke"!onn " of the family rocking- hone is i tie golden days of my youth was terjiodiSereat, especially after the question of pufnoEhii) in the animal had been forcibly argnea out. I i WEfE or two ago I mentioned that a I trial shipment ot American-bred thorough- | beds were to be taken to England as a Seculation. From a London exchange of e 13th of May, the following paragraph was H slipped anent the same: — " The American I tvo-jar-old fillies, tbe property ot Mr. W. I Esston, of New York, were sold at New- ffisrbt yeeterday by Messrs. Tattersall. The light lots submitted realised a total of I Iffagns, or an average of 218gns. I a tut likely candidate for Maiden Hurdle I Ewe honors, schooling at head-quarters, is I Ear of Erin, who performs very well indeed. UirV 11' 1, « 1 1 rz _ > .. . . J? _ ttieu una a uuc ubLauuing iiurbe I B&ed; Sundowner in work, who, when fit, I till be heard of at the same game. The I uUe is by tbe Panic horse Dawn of Day, I not at all a bad one over fences, I I remember seeing George Cripps win a I VJLC. Maiden Steeplechase on him. H. I Oiifaiey also won a Hurdle Race on tbe eon of I Grey Dawn at tbe Melbourne Gup meeting at I with Don Juan proved victorious. I whb Mr. W. S. Cox at Mentone I !? informed me that he placed I re on the steeplechase fences at I Jtoma Valley prior to the National meeting I Mag hdd there. Tbe bagging, however, I 'Knot fixed on with nails, he said, but was I ttcurd with baybands. On the Sunday I ®ing week after the races were held, I 'tog with a brother scribe, walked round I aitA0066 inspected each fence, but I Er a trace of nails ever having I , on the top rails of any of tbe I J®?- Mr- Cox, by the way, had bis nose I m«Tnircn the hunt some couple of I nr' s now oil right again. I Btr£' disson wiitos me as follows I the f ?e')een absent from the colony for I "hronjpnlbs, and on my return yester- I in was drawn to a paragraph I fco» «r?iTrot,6M no'es regarding the race- I brin inference thereof I SSI there was some connection be- I a inyseU and » Mr. H. H. Good," and I dflnaSe.,nneriaD business was being I tunniii ih® entering of the horse. Some I (Kw 6g? , Darted with my interest in I him e had nothing to do with I ttMnJ?1' 9uite fail to see where tlie I ''CraSi business mentioued by I an comes in, and as comparisons I fifth »'nMS ous» I have as much to do I ® s the Bishop of Melbourne I El ' Groxton Park was in I helbnnZ« pleasure-seekers of I little Ghost C0?Bregatcd at tbe Bed House, a by a eon of Kelpie from I ffiare My Mary Anne, named I (Mo; ? 2re ®wice to that jovial old I S»r «u- Heywood, upsetting I taodern r» bly-fancied favorite. More I btitha- remember tbe brown bo FUlbuBter. named Earl of Mar, biadi of rftCes in the Mitu courR.c Frank Leng on mctro- 'AC. MM. 4®ong o there annexing the tt ft, ij"nnier Handicap. On Thursday dftoUsTv, j nM!es' thcae two old 111 wtai.. i rePre®entative in Oarrum, SdEo. ,r. Isirly run avay with ilie kr. e«k« . . ®40?. end whom tbe astute tetc, secured at a very reasonable 