TUESDAY, OCTOBER «7, mi. TBS political situation in New South Wales is by no means a gloomy one for the Labor party. The formation of the Dibbs Ministry-which we fancy will ere long be called the Dubious Ministry -has given the Democratic division in the popular chamber of the parent col ony a dignity of position that they have not occupied since they became a measurable power in the Assembly. Years ago, in the era known in Cali fornian history as the " forty-nine," it happened that a member of a party of the hardy pioneers of the mineral fields of that territory strayed away from his party and was destroyed by wild beasts. The friend apon whom it devolved to " break the news gently" to the be reaved parents showed himself equal to the occasion by writing to the father of the deceased as follows : " Dear Sir. The coyotes have eat your son's head off." Parkes and the Labor party sought to travel harmoniously together across the arid plains of politics; but, failing to agree, separated. Dibbs has taken the command and his message to the Demo cratic party is undoubtedly to the effect, " the wolves of property have devoured all your followers." For Dibbs' Minis try is without doubt a Ministry that is an almost perfect embodiment of ultra capitalistic representation. Sinbad Parkes succumbed because the old man of Labor was too great a burden for him to bear on his shoulders, and Dibbs helped him to cast the burden off. Now Dibbs seeks to mount aloft and partici pate in the glories of the political heaven ; but though he has not got the Labor party on his shoulders to prove a wearisome burden in his flight, he over looks the foot that be is still attached to them, and they form a very strong anchor to keep him in chook and pre vent his soaring higher than they wish, or in any different direction than that in whioh they desire him to. travel. In the first glorious bound of freedom and power the new premier of the first star in tho Southern Cross may not feel the bondage that prevents him soaring into the realms of his own and his party's will-a bondage that eventually will drag him down to the prosaic earth of other people's must. For Dibbs' Minis try is essentially a Ministry representing property. In the choice of materials at hand from which to form it, he has chosen unwisely. He with the Parkes party attempted to but were unsuccess ful in suppressing the democratic de mands ; it was a joint failure which led to his personal success ; therefore his first overtures should have been in the direction of conciliation to his late co partners, and that conciliation pointed direct to coalition. But Dibbs would play no secondary part ; he would not stalk as the Ghost to Henry's Hamlet, but took upon himself the premier character. In doing so he has made his caste of performers a bold, but, we think, an unwise one. Traill, O'Sulli van, and others of the Democratic sec tion have been ignored, and in such a case repulsion means enmity. Though Parkes himself may not have cared to become a coadjutor of Dibbs, others of his party prob ably possessed no such feelings of scrupulousness, and would have coalesced with more or less cordialty ; but here again Dibbs, in ignoring coali tion, has courted enmity, and strong as may be his position we no not fancy it is strong enough to long withstand the fire of the two by no means week bat teries with which he is confronted. It is not a fair deduction to make that Dibbs' position is strengthened by the power he bolds in being able to demand a dissolution if the conjoined powers which will be arrayed against him are too strong. Such a position is very much like that of the man who goes fishing with dynamite, more deadly to the holder than to the fishes. À gene ral election could not harm the now headless party that Parkes has so long controlled ; without him in the present Parliament they have at their command but little of the old ammunition left, and must eventually resort to a sort of guerilla warfare. A general election might strengthen their resources, and, in politics as in every other phase of life's battle, chance is worth counting on when certainty is no longer cer tain. In contradistinction to this out look of the Parkes party, the Demo cratic Division has everything to gain by a general election brought about by a dissolution of the present Parliament. That Parliament has enabled the Demo crats of New South Wales to fill their nostrils with the breath of a power which, though promising now, may be come almost perfect when the next change is made. Therefore, the right- J if right it be-that Dibbs claims to dis solve the House is not one upon which he can fall back with any very great feeling of assured support. If put into force it might be fatal to bim and his Ministry. There cannot be the slightest doubt in the minds of those who have watched the attitude of the Labor party in the present Parliament of the parent colony, as to what the ultimate object of that party is. They desire to build up a party in the Legislature of the colony Siwerful enough to face in the name of emocraoy the strongest ministry that can be formed in opposition to their in terests, and eventually to overpower that ministry and allow Democracy to take a watch at the wheel of the ship of State. A quarter of a century ago, even though Berry raved about " broken heads and flaming house tops," such a desire was but a shadow. To-day it has assumed a palpable form, and the guerdon is close enough to cause the Labor party to renew their efforts to wipe out all stains of that old Conservatism born of con victism which has so long disgraced and demoralised the laud. The Labor party, in so doing, are not killing the goose of enterprise which Jays the eggs of gene ral prosperity. They are but making more secure the nest in which those eggs may be placed free from the raids of the fox of old world greed ; the greed of that bitter class distinction which gives to none save those born in the purple the right to live, and have a mono poly of all that makes life sweet. The Demopratic party may cause alarm to Dibbs, but they certainly will not to those who look to the future in which Dibbs and men of his build will be dumb when the voice not only of Kew South Wales, but the whole of Austra lia, is raised in its demand for an Aus tralian nationality. Australian Parlia ments can carry proposals to make eight hours a fair day's work in Australian mines, but it must not be forgotten that Australian Parliaments have equal power in determining that eighteen hours shall be the limit of a " shift" in Austra lian mines. It were wise, therefore, for Australia's people to watch carefully who they make their legislators, so that those they entrust with that power may not triumph over right. Capital, intel ligence, and labor, the three great factors in modern progress, should be on the same platform. Each should got an output for its energy, without which output it must perish. Parkes, in deal ing with this problem in the New South Wales parliament, said he temporised too patiently with the Labor party. " King Parkes is dead ; long live King Dibbs 1" is now the cry of the people of that colony. Probably ere long the quarter from which the cry comes may be changed, and "we have temporised too patiently with Dibbs-not os they did from Parkes, concession-but abso lute surrender. The days have gone by in this part of the world when party necessities can be mode the basis of publio policy. The surrender of Parkes to the Democratic party hos mode this more apparent ; and thus Parkes' part ing from, and Dibbs' debut, in, official life in the parent colony will carry a lesson whioh should not be lost to the Democratic division in the other portions of tho Southern world. 