Brunswick Cricket-Past and Present. By "Long SLIP . If any further confirmation were needed of the glorious uncertainty of cricket, the result of Saturday's play between ~ the Albert Park and Bruns wick might be adduced as a clinching argument. Truly it has been a match of surprises. He must have been a very sanguine supporter of Albert Park who left home on Saturday with the hope that the remaining four wickets could wipe off the 67 runs required to win the match, and almost a madman who would reckon they could, do it without the loss of another wicket, after the very feeble display made by all the crack bats of the team on the previous Satur day. True the light on that occasion was a little dull, but as the stumps were drawn a quarter of an hour before time, that could not account for their down fall. To my mind the whole secret of the matter was that our boys neither bowled or fielded anything like what they did on the previous Saturday, if I except Anderson, who appeared to bowl very well, but should, I think, have been put on at the other end, while Sparkes made a fatal mistake in going on with the wind. A slow curling ball, which seems to be his best, is very deceptive when coming against the wind, but has a lot of the "devil"" when coming with it. H. McLean' of the University. a bowler who nearly all our best batsmen hate to play, always goes on against the wind, and is noted for bringing about a separation where the best of fast bowlers have failed; while Sparkes himself on the previous Saturday against the wind completely stuck the batsmen up. However, it is no use crying over spilt milk. The fielding was certainily loose and erratic, due, no doubt, to over excitement. The Bruns wick were unfortunate, as Deane, at a time when it was anybody's game, played a ball right into his wicket, without disturbing the bails. A word of praise is certainly due to Clayton and Deane for the very plucky game they most certainly they played at the critical part of the game. Deane in particular played very clean and hard, but Clayton has a cramped and very ugly style of playing, nevertheless it was on this occasion effective. Deane's success with both bat and ball in this match once more raises in my mind the bad policy of allowing erstwhile seniors to again migrate to the ranks of the juniors. Last season this player joined the ranks of the East Melbourne, and T. Horan informed me that the E.M.C.C. had a very high opinion of him, but the wiles of the juniors were too much for him, and he yielded to the persuasive powers of some Ormond supporters, and finished the season with them. This is a matter that needs the urgent considera- tion of both the senior and junior associations, as Victoria, with all our advantages over the other colonies in the matter of first class grounds, is getting lamentably behind in players, and no wonder when such players as R. Mailer; the two Roche, Fox, and many others whose names occur to my own or the reader's mind, are content to peg away in the ranks of the juniors while senior cricket is languishing. I trust this defeat will not dishearten our representatives, and that they will keep up, their practice, and I feel sure they will yet be heard of before the final results are posted, as there is no doubt they have got a first rate team together. " Do you think the Brunswick are as good now as they were fifteen years ago, Slip?", said an old supporter to me on the ground on Saturday. I answered that it would be very hard to say, upon which we commenced to analyse the past and present, and Oh! Mr. Editor, who would think it was such a painful task. What a procession of pleasant faces and forms pass before us. Jolly old Stewart Keightly! was there ever a better secretary. Now we are pleased to say a wealthy coal mine proprietor in New South Wales. Jim Gillam, one of the best batsmen who ever was in Brunswick, when last I heard of him was a well to do farmer up near Shepparton. J. W. Egglestone, H. Groube, W. McLean, three men who I can say without fear of contradiction were better than any three players of the present team. Jim McMillan-the Alick Bannerman of those days -Bob Straw, whose lightning deliveries were mainly responsible for the Suburban Challenge Cup of one season, I forget which, about '73-4 I think, resting in Dr. George's window for the winter, after Brunswick beating all comers, the last victory being against Sandridge (now Port Melbourne) by one run, Jack Mansfield making top score, and being looked upon as quite a little hero for a long time after. Jim Goding in those days took some bowling, and Jack Stranger seldom missed a catch. Then arises ghosts of players, who, though lost to sight, are still to memory dear. First comes Sam Phillips, than whom a more thorough gentleman or better cricketer never took the field for Brunswick; second only in batting to Egglestone, a splendid bowler, and good field any where. Many a time has Sam come to the rescue and pulled a match out of the fire. George Kelly. a good bat, and if I say as good a point as Bob Strong my readers can draw their own conclusion as to his fielding, Jim O'Shea, who our opponents would say threw, anyhow he often threw with great effect. Bill Manallacek, a good bat in those days, whose only fault was a mania for discussing the game, that I am afraid used to often bore people not conversant with his peculiarities. Old Charlie Keedle, almost the father of Brunswick cricket, who I only knew as an umpire, and a good one he was, but Tom Clement, Dr. George, Joe Lacey, Bill Fleming, and others of his old associates will tell you that there were few better than him in the colony in his best days. These are a few of the ghosts. Mr. Editor, that makes harking back a sad duty, and though they are "run out" here for ever, let us hope that when their time arrives to face the Great Umpire for their last innings, they will be '* not out" in the great score book in which all our averages are kept. It would not be fair to conclude this article without reference to a few of the other players, who have since upheld the fame of the Brunswick Cricket Club from the period I speak of, until the turf wickets were a thing of the past, and such turf wickets as we used to get. I remember Charlie Allee, of East Melbourne, saying upon one occasion that it was as good a wicket as ever he played upon, and that was without any paid caretaker. This, I think, speaks volumes for the patriotism of the members in those days. The first name I think on the list should be R. Henderson, the popular secretary, one of the greatest cricket enthusiasts I ever knew. This man for about three years spared neither time, trouble, or expense to advance the interests of the Bruns wick C.C., and right well did he succeed, for in those days, with our population at about a quarter of what it is at present, he brought the members roll up to about 120 members, at 10s. 6d. per head, and it was no unusual sight to see about 30 players down to practice on a fine evening, as you yourself, Mr. Editor, can testify, for you were one of the wielders of the willow in those days, and with such players as Bob Whittaker, Joe Walker, Jack Conlon, Tom Tidy, Pat Ryan, Peter O'Shannassy and how Peter does last - Billy Johnson, Ted Sol'y, George Overend, Pat Phillips, Jack Grimster, Jack Eckersall, Albert Timmins, Frank McLean, Bill Hickford, Norman McWilliams, and several others whose names do not occur to me at present, Brunswick used to take some doing. Who will forget Jack Eckersall in his best day, with what pride we returned to Brunswick after having disposed the first eleven of of Hothamon their own ground for, 13 runs, owing to the splendid. bowling of Jack, or the sensation caused by Pat Phillips, who, Harry Groube selected from a crowd.of boys bowling on the ground, and put him in the first eleven to try him, the result of that trial being that his average for the first three matches were 6 wickets for 3 runs against West Melbourne, 6 wickets 'for 3 runs against Coburg, who were all disposed of for 11 runs, and finished this remarkable performance by getting 9 of the Fitzroy first eleven fir 7 runs. I cannot finish this article without referring to how near the B.C.C.. Were to getting the services of Jim Phillips, the now celtbrated Melbourne pro fessional, who was at one time working at the Hoffman Brick Company. Someone suggested to the committee that he was worth a trial, but the committee knew better. What a bit of luck it was for Jim that he was not picked, as his whole career might have been different. If Bob Henderson had found out how good he was, he would have done anything to keep him at the company's. But. Mr. Editor, I fear I have hlready let my recollections outrun your valuable space, so with my best w'ishes to any of my old comrades who may come across this rambling article, I will now conclude, by wishing the present members 'of the B.C.C. every success, and trust that they may have as many pleasant and enjoyable days with the old club as I have had in the past. 