SCRAPS FROM MY NOTE BOOK. A nhiel's amang yo takin' notes, An' faith, he'll print 'om. f . — Robeet. Bunas;. '. My last item, Mr Editor, hrvl reforenoojto tho ono-man-ono-vote, Tho following, which ,is by a contributor to a contemporary, has reference to tho samo, and I think you will find it interesting enough to itmert ' " Is it not rather malicious to invito a mem- bor of the Government to a friendly feed and then spoil his digestion by attacking his political weaknesses? This is. what they did to the Postmaster General at Romsey, andnoonccan be astonished at Mr Dully- reminding his entertainers " jhero ' wos 'a propor time nnd placo for discasiiing politics." The banqnot being got up in honor' of Sir William Clarko, ono . of . the orators, Mf.'.YVV Wilson, considered' it might, be compli- montary to a baronot to intimate his' coh- viclion that — " All men aro not equal, have never been bo, and never will be; in this world and probably will not bo in the next 'either." This should bo consoling to tlio 'g'uost of the evening. " Ho knows that he is well plncod here, but may ' have doubted occasionally if his title! will bo suitably re cognised when ho goes " up aloft;" ' Now lie renlises.on Romsey authority that: tho gales .will ho thrown very wide open .when tho ghost of Sir William approaches, and that ho 'will be offered a special harp and a comfort ablo cushion. Make room tlioi-e for Sir William," St. Peter will 'shout' 011!/ " Ono man, two. boats." What Mr Wilson meant', of course, is best known to himself, bill accepting that lie mcnntrwbat he ;said,' and reasoning it out to its logical conclusion, as applied to the single vote qiioslinn, I think no ono : would; bo mero Rirrpflse(rrnann\l r;"irilson;Mt tiio roRiiit;r Ho adopts as the basis of his -argument- in favor of plurality of voti-s the, quvstian of "non-equality." Acciwdingiio his view wealth is; the measure of llm' triun 'so fur as his claim to voting power is cqncernod.' In tellectiiai ability, if it di-l not iiring with it an accumulation of buwbces orja title, is not worth consideration. . The supremo gifts are those of mnnoy-making and social improve ment- Whilo . I admit, tho ailvsntigo of theao qualities to tho party who haH them, let me ask how often they aro'.uiied to the detri ment of the' piiblio good., ' The" great curse of the ' world for generations'! has boon' the centralisation of wealth, and power in' the hands of, a sinhll minority, and .the improve- ment liaa, gono,on witli tho- equalising of wealth anif privileges . lhat , once belonged onlv to tho few. . -Events lead- us to budposo that the. further progress of tho world will bo accomplished by a furthor distribution of wealth—not after tho " scramble " mothod— but by a wiso application of -government that, while allowing tli'o monoy'-making man full scopo for tho legitimate oxerciso of his ability, will not allow him to uso it to tho disadvantage of his follows. It is cer tainly too. iato in tho day for Mr Wilson to' advocate tbo. adoption ,of shell a retro- grade stop as' plural voting according to tho pxtont of ;a man's purno amongst such a de mocratic community as the Victorians wiien tho 'Liberal-, pnrty in aristocratia England has declarodi'for. the ono-man-ono-vote. But this by -this way. To apply tho rule of hon-equality of position, whether in a mone tary or Bocial senso. Is the man that has £50 worth of property equal with ho who hub £600 worth, nnd tho man with £600 to the man witli £1000 worth, and so on ? Or is a jiulgo equal to the Premier of a govern ment, and a Premior with a lord ? Of course they aro not, and so. according to Mr Wil son's theory votes , must bo allotted accord ing to grade, or othorwise his position is no longer tonablo. As to how tho woalth is attainod it cannot matter. The successful burglar,- bookmaker, or swindler, or it may be somo noodle who has inherited a fortune, muBt all bo honored with powor over tbo honest and iudustrious. It miist bo potent to all unbiassed minds that a lino must be drawn, nnd that Mr Wilson's argument is a fallacious one. It cannot be satisfactorily dono on tho property basis, ted accordingly manhood — and manhood only— should be tho voting qualification. As for tho pro babilities in tho next' world, what does Mr Wilpon moan ? I" always understood there word two receiving places in tho' next world. In which phco'did Mr Wilson imagine Sir Wm.. Clarke's title and wealth would bold good ? No doubt tho champagne drowns I all doubtful thoughts respecting -the compli- mont in tho mind of tlia host, but neverthe less Mr Wilson would do well to be more oxplicit when bestowing his compliments in tho future. I notico, Mr Editor, tho Mi-ihourno Punch. lias boon trying to turn tho tables on yon. I clip tho .following from " Puncherios," which might bo inscrtol as a sauco by .which to relish tho recent reproof you gave tha Natto Yullock folk : — ." A countiy contemporary says ' Learn ing that the Natto Ynllock (what a name 1) Wvsleynn Clmrch woro to celobreto their anniversary a reprcsontativo of tho Mall pro ceeded to take cognitanco of tho proceed ings. No announcements had appeared in tho loonl papers, and it was evidently adver tised after a mouth-lo-mouth fashion.' Does llio phraso which ice italicised imply that tho advertisement in question was passed along through the community by means of kisses ? If so, wo aro nut sure that they havo not found out tho ideal stylo of adyortisiug in Natte Yaliock. But wo can understand that the editor disapproves of it. Ho was not in it any way." ' ' OBSERVER, 