Aunt Dolly's Ghost. Many years ago one of the oldest houses in the town of D-waB left vacant by the death of its sole occupant, a little old lady whom every one called Aunt Dolly. The house was in a bad condi- tion, and since the heir did not care to make the necessary repairs, the sign " For Sale or to Let" hung in the window for more than six years. At last a new factory was built in the town, a demand for dwelling-places prang up, and the old house was rented. Before the month was gone the German family who had moved in suddenly moved out again, declaring that they couldn't stand the ghosts. People laughed, but when family after family moved out of the house, each insisting that strange and unaccountable sounds were heard there, always at night, it came to be generally admitted that something must be wrong. For a long time the house stood empty again, and the children, going back and forth to school, would look mysterious and'talk about Aunt Dolly's ghost, its big red eyes, and the terrible noises it made. These noises were always heard in the back kitchen, which opened directly out of doors. At last the owner of the house determined to find out whether there was any foundation for the current reports. He took his gun and sat upon the stairs leading out of the kitchen, to watch for the ghost. About twelve o'clock the hack door, which hung loose upon its hinges, creaked ominously, opened with a siam, and the ghost slowly walked into the kitchen. The man started a little, but composed himself to watch the proceedings. The ghost Btood still for a moment, then shaking itself once or twice, and giving its head a toss, it walked across the room, and putting its head down in a corner, took a long drink from the old open well, fed by a spring very near the surface, which the man remembered to have been there when a boy. He had fallen into it once, and had been res- cued by Aunt Dolly, whoso reputed ghost was now leisurely refreshing itself. Then the ghor.t gave a cough which made the windows rattle dubiously. The man laughed softly to himself, and waited. Suddenly, probably aware for the first time that a mortal waB sharing its nightly vigil, the ghost put one foot on the stair and waited to be spoken to. for ghosts never Bpeak except in answer to a question. The man seized the hair which grew down over the ghost's forehead, and while he lead the dis- turber of honest folk's slumber out of the back door and across the pasture to his own estate, he talked to it as probably no^ghost was ever talked to before. "So you're the sperrifc, air you, you miserable old nag ? And all these years you've been a-disturbin' people an' a-takin' money out o' my pocket, an' all jest because old Aunt Dolly learnt you the trick o' comin' into the kitchen an' gettia' a drink when you was thirsty. An' this's way you tako advant- age a' me when you're put in the barn cellar all to yourself. An' here you've ben a-kitin' off every night, an' gittin' home afore anybody suspected you'd a-gone. You're a pretty nag, ain't you now P" The horse, as soon as the story became known was renamed Aunt Dolly's Ghost. The house was repaired, and no difficulty in renting it was after- wards experienced. 