NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cholera. Wool sales. Italy jealous. Artificial rain. Central Africa. Doncaster Cup. Show this week. Marine disaster. Two champions. Canadian frauds. An infant Rajah. John L. Sullivan. Victorian finance. Drowning fatality. Cardinal Manning. Carthage at Albany. Japan and Australia. The Turk threatened. "Is there a remedy?" Epidemic at Bombay. Two steamers collide. "Hans the Boatman." An insurance dispute. Working men's blocks. Private school teachers. Trades Union Congress. Moonta mines difficulty. Rifle matches concluded. The last-popular concert. Licensed Victuallers Bill. Chilian bonds recognised. Russia preparing for war. Grevy died a freethinker. Lord Jersey on Australia. Presentation to Mr. Holder. Englishmen murdered in Chili. Last of the billiard exhibitions. No Russian Jews for Australia. War clouds looming in Europe. Adelaide Art Circle Exhibition. Adelaide hounds at Mount Barker. Garner's Rooms reopened to-night. Russia grabbing for Constantinople. Barros Luco to be president of Chili. Mr. W. A. Horn, M.P., coming back. "Honest Hearts and Willing Hands." Canada doesn't want the Russian Jews. New South Wales loan likely to succeed. Mr. Todd doesn't believe in rain making. Queen's Birthday won the Doncaster Cup. New South Wales loan has good prospects. The Victorian Treasurer's policy condemned. The musical ghost illusion is still flourishing. Adelaide School of Mines students arrive to- day. Mr. Justice Bundey lectures the Natives to- night. General Booth arrives in Melbourne on Friday. A fine show of blooms at the Botanical Gardens. A clearance of trees from the Botanical Gardens. The Czar anxious to extend his European dominions. Kansas has one physician for every 300 inhabitants. Gilbert and Sullivan's "Gondoliers" on Wednesday. The Carthage will reach Adelaide to-morrow or Wednesday, We are to be spared the infliction of a horde of Russian Jews. A boy five years of age has been selected as Rajah of Manipur. Many Moreton Bay fig trees banished from the Botanical Gardens. The Lloyd-Lindsay competition on Saturday proved a great attraction. The Agricultural Society are increasing the number of their buildings. "Sweeps and consultations are perhaps the worst of all forms of gambling." The encore nuisance was effectively stopped at the popular concert on Saturday. In Denmark the lighthouses are supplied with oil to still the waves in a storm. A monster procession will meet General Booth, the Salvationist, in Melbourne. There are now 62 towns in England and Wales with more than 59,000 inhabitants. "The General Post-Office was never meant to be part of a huge gambling apparatus." The Port Adelaide Musical Society gives the first concert of the season to- morrow night. The musical interludes form a pleasant feature in the entertainment at the Cyclorama. Foot-Constable Beare totalled 23 out of a possible 24 points with the revolver on Satur- day. Mr. John Roberts's series of billiard exhibi- tions terminated in Adelaide on Saturday evening. Cholera has made its appearance among the crews of the British men-of-war stationed at Bombay. The Trades Union Congress now sitting at Newcastle has affirmed the principle of "One man one vote." Lieutenant Lovelock won the Lloyd-Lindsay competition with the Yankalilla section of mounted infantry. The property of M. Jules Grevy, ex-Presi- dent of the French Republic has been officially valued at £396,875. Mr. Todd has expressed himself adversely to the idea of causing rain artificially by means of explosions in the air. The students from the Adelaide School of Mines, who have had a most enjoyable trip to Ballarat, return to-day. Many of the birds which used to make a nuisance of themselves in the Botanical Gar- dens have been given to the Zoo. The Trades Union Congress determined to adopt the eight hours system in respect to miners throughout Great Britain. By the death of his father, Lord Rosehill, (till recently A.D.C. to the Earl of Hopetoun in Victoria), becomes Earl of Northesk. "What is there about the air of Gladstone which enables it to send forth periodically such keen-eyed and consistent marksmen?" The German expedition which recently attempted to penetrate inland from East Africa has been attacked by natives and totally defeated. "Gambling is protean in forms and if it is limited as to one phase it will expand in another direction. This, however, is only par- tially true." His Honor Mr. Justice Bundey will this evening deliver a lecture on "Some Thoughts on the Administration of Criminal Law in South Australia." "How is it that the Lancers are able to take such a high place as marksmen compared with other bodies of men who are trained in the use of the rifle only?" Sergeant Hollingsworth, who won the gold medal championship, was accorded three hearty and spontaneous cheers when receiving the prize on Saturday. Mr. Cock, M.P., is going to move for the insertion of a clause in the Licensed Victuallers Bill providing for the closing of hotels during polling hours on election days. The new scheme framed by the Charity Commissioners for the carrying on of the East London People's Palace provides that "no in toxicating liquors shall be introduced." A monster cave has been discovered in Oregon. Its innumerable passages extend for miles, and contain several lakes, a waterfall 30 ft. in height, and milk- white pillars of great beauty. A large and representative gathering of townspeople and residents of the district attended at the Burra Institute on Friday evening to say farewell to Mr. F. W. Holder, M.P., prior to his leaving for Adelaide. Weather forecast for to-day—"Conditions becoming favorable for cloudy unsettled weather and general rain in northern parts of the colony should the depression now lying to the north-west of Alice Springs move south wards, as it probably will." "If it be true that the power given to the Victorian Postmaster-General to open all letters which are known or suspected to relate to sweeps and similar transactions and to send such communications to the dead letter-office has checkmated the promoters, then it is quite clear that this course ought to be universally adopted." When the Queen received the King of Gaza land's envoys at Windsor, the sable chieftains saluted her Majesty after the manner of their country by shouting out the titles of their sovereign, raising their hands above their heads, and reverently inclining their bodies. One of the envoys then delivered the King's message, speaking in his own language, and her Majesty promised that it should be brought before her Ministers. 