SDortinn. Intelligence. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. A BIG effort is to be made in Mel bourne to arrange a Press v. Stage, and a Press v. Parliament cricket match this year (remarks a Melbourne .writer). They are both big items :which have died out of the season's bill. Time they were revived. The* stage, as the fifth estate, is always very fine .and large in the cricket field. Lord Hawke's cricket team, which 'rossed the Atlantic prepared to con quer America, met with a severe re buff in its first match against Phila delphia. The English scored 259, but their opponents answered with 248, and then dismissed LordHawke's eleven for 171, and, requiring 183 runs to win, made them with the loss of only two wickets. The English bowling appeared to be weak, and the Philadelphians handled the bat much better than the invaders ex pected. There were nine runners for the Lancashire Plate this year, and after a most exciting finish Chevalier Ginistrelli's charming filly, Signorina, ;secured.the verdict by a length from the previously unbeaten Orme. ¶The race was worth £8971 15s to: the winner, the second receiving £1500, and Martagon, who was only beaten by a head by the second, £500. The seven furlongs were covered, accord ing to Benson's chronograph, in 1minm 34 4-5sec., whilst last year Amphion., occupied 1min 29 4-5sec. In 1889. when' Donovan was successful, the time was 1min 39 2.5sec., and in 1888 the first year of the race, Seabreeze took 1min 29 2.5sec. In 1888, the value of the race was £10,197,; in 1889 £10,131 15s, and in 1.89D, £90)96 15s. A case illustrative of the. devices re sorted to for making money by some of the people who visit Flemington on Cup Day was called on in the City Court on Wednesday, before Messrs. Bell, Cherry, and Lancashire, Js.P. (says the Melbourne Argus). The complainant, an elderly man from the country, named James Devonshire, told the Bench that he went to the Flemington racecourse on Cup Day with his pockets full of money, but he returned to Melbourne in the even ing thoroughly crestfallen, richer in experience certainly, but penniless in pocket, He had met a stranger of a gentlemanly ap pearance and kindly manners, who engaged him in casual conver sation, which embraced the weather and almost everytihig Ibai rd?'"a He was fascinated by the man's talk and, thinking that he must know a great deal about racing, as he was apparently a book of reference on every other subject, he asked him whether he 'knew anything good' for the next race-the Yan Yean Stakes. The stranger replied in a whisper that he had a veritable ' dead bird' for that race. There were only three horses in it that had the ' ghost of a chance' of winning, and two of these he and a friend had 'squared,' so that there was nothing left for them to do but to put their money on and go round after the face with a bag and carry off their winnings. A friend of the stranger's came up just then, and the two proposed that they should put £50 apiece on the 'dead bird.' Devonshire agreed, and he and the 'stranger' handed the third man their money that he might go and invest it with a bookmaker, The race came, the ' dead bird ' was beaten, one of the 'squared ' horses won, and. when Devonshire turned to ask his new friends the why and the wherefore they had both disappeared, and he was left lamenting the loss of his £50. He sought the police, and told Plain.clothes Constable Gleeson the story of his troubles. That officer later on arrested a man named William Byrne as one of the conspirators, and charged him with having conspired 'with another man, name unknown, to obtain £50 by false pretences from Devonshire. The accused was re manded to appear at the Flemington Court on Tuesday next, and bail was allowed in the sum of £200. A rather funny anecdote has yet to be told about the Melbourne Cup. A certain gentleman of the Marvellous City had a setting of eggs which he was about to hand over to the charge of a brooding hen. He just proceeded to brand, all the eggs (thirteen) with the names of what he thought the most likely horses in the Melbourne Cup. He named the eggs Correze, Pigeontoe, Strathmore, &c.;, and left the hen in possession. In due time most of the eggs were hatched, but only twelve live chickens came out. *The thirteenth was evidently no good, and the owner exclaimed, 'Hallo ! Here's a dead bird.' Turning over the egg he found it branded ' Mal. volio.' Now, as this occurred on the Satiurday before the Cup was run, it would seem as though it were pro phetic. The A.J.O. has issued a notice to the effect that: 1. At all registered race meetings within the metropolitan district (40 miles radius) the amount of added money shall not be less than £400''per day, distributed among not more than six races. 2. At all suiph meetings'there shall be on each day at least one race on the flat (not being a selling' race) of 1 mile, and not more than one selling race each day. Ormonde was represented in the valuable ILancashire Plate field not only by Orme, but also by Llanthony, a good-looking colt from Agnes Ben tinck, who is trained for Sir Robert Jardine by F. Bates. The youngster made all the running until a quarter of a mile from home, and his per formance was quite good enough to sugg6st that he is worth the 1700 uineas paidforhim at the sale of Mr. Snarry's'yearlings. He should pay his way in'th®"? bibe and silver braid.' 