THE MLDP LAIP, , P ' < . ' CHAPTER J.— MBGibblestone'S HEIB. In the neighbourhood of Bishopsgate w linoux, indonly separated from that noisy street by Itnarrow lane of lofty warehouses, stands an bid square. This souare, which is mostly com- posed of fine mansions, was once tne very (entire of fashion. Here was to be found the ancestral home of more than one aristocratic family; it was here that the Countess of Devon shire— Some two hundred years ago— lived and died. It was here, as we are told by Stow, the best of old chroniclers, that " Jasper Fisher, free of Goldsmiths, late one of thesix clerks of the Chauncerie. and a Justice of the peace," built for himself a magnificent residence. He laid put his grounds in regal style with pleasure- gardens and bowling alleys, for his guests to wander in and listen to the songs of birds : oven " the Queen's Majesty Elizabeth did lodge there." No wonder, then", that crowds of the nobility and gentry came to visit Jasper- Eisher. His hospitality and extravagance might plan be compared to that of an Eastern potentate ; a calif could scarcely have been more ostentatious. But " Fisher" — bo the etory goes on — " being a man of no great call ing, possessions, or wealth, and being indebted to many," was unable for any length of time to keep up so large and sumptuous an estab- &lishment.; He retired once more into private life ; the place gradually fell into wreck and rain ;and so it oame to be called " Fisher's Folly." One autumn evening, some years ago, a young ynwn entered the precincts of Fisher's Folly and looked keenly about him. Attht time the place was the home of merchants, who had their counting-houses on . the ground floor. The man had .the appearance of one who had recently landed from a long voyage; he wore a rough overcoat and waterproof hat ; and his fresh complexion and bright eyes spoke eloquently of stiff breezes on a briny sea. His face expressed as he glanced about something more mere idle curiosity. " I thought I should have remembered the old house," he muttered to himself ; " but I was only a lad, and one house was the same as another in those days. I didn't know then what I know now," and he walked round the square,- peering up at the doors and windows ana down into the great areas, dismal and de serted, and faced by rusty iron rails. Pre sently he stopped opposite a corner bouse. It was the largest in the square ; it had two windows on each side of Its massive door, and five windows on the stories above. In the roof was a' low smoking chimney; and in the deepening gloom this chimney, with a round garret window ou each side, had the appearance of a shapeless monster, as it seemed to the young man, staring down over the parapet wnen he looked up. As he was on the point of turning away, though the front door of this mansion stood invitingly open, a gleam of light in the windows overhead attracted his attention. He stepped back, and stood in the roadway with an eager vnrASRinn on his unlifted face. 'The litrht moved swiftly about, glimmered dimly in the five windows, and presently became concen trated in the one above the front door. In the bow of this middle window, inside the room, stood a large lamp — unlighted. This lamp, raised upon a pedestal, was peculiar. It had the appearance of a lantern suspended under a gilded dome, the dome being supported by foliated pillars. The whole ornament, as far as could be seen at that distance, was a remark able piece of workmanship. And while the young man stood there looking up, as if the lamp were of exceptional interest to him, the figure of a girl became apparent. The girl, Carrying a taper in her hand, stopped before the lamp. The lantern was soon lit; and the brightness from it fell upon her face. It was a vision of beauty — an exquisite apparition of loveliness, upon which the lamp threw a pale Bubdued light; and then an arm was stretched out, the curtain drawn across the window, and thelamp and the V>valy face had vanished. ' The young man now went up the steps, and found himself in a large hall, with a broad oaken staircase beyond. IJpon a door on one : eide of this hall was written in white letters upon a dark panel, " Girdlestone, Carter, and Co. " After a moment's hesitation and a glanoe np the staircase, as though another glimpse of the enchanting face were possible, he opened this door' and found himself in a dingy old counting-house, where the clerks, five or six in number, were seated on high stools, as if to get light, when any came that way, from the barred and dusty windows behind them. They all looked up when the visitor came in, like Bo many automatons, and then looked down lgain. " Is Mr. Carter within ?" A clerk came forward. " What name ?" John Westcott." The clerk opened a door on which was in scribed, " Mr. Girdlestone" in faded letters. The room into which he Btepped was in dark- neBs, but the clerk lighted two antique candle sticks on the high mantelshelf. He then placed A chair for John Westcott and disappeared. Westcott's expression of curiosity increased. The room had a mysterious and neglected ap pearance ; there were many signs of its not having been occupied of late. The desk was covered with dust, -and dusty cobwebB hong in the corners of the walls and across the chinks in the closed shatters, as thongh even the spiders had forsaken the place. A few sheet of paper lying upon the desk were as yellow as old parch ment, and the ink in a pewter inkstand had evidently dried up long ago, with a tip of a quill pen sticking there, as if the hand that had cupped it had ended the records of a life and had vanished. John Westcott sat down in the chair — probably Mr. Girdlestone's — facing the old desk. His eyes wandered searchingly into the deep pigeon-holes and over the brass-handled drawers, quaintly designed with the heads of satyrs. Suddenly he glanced up. An antique picture— the portrait of an old man — faced him ; it was hanging over the mantel-Bhelf between the two candles ; and the eyes seemed to him to .express extraordinary cupidity. Westcott moved from the desk, lifted one of the candles from the mantel-shelf, and, shading it with his hand, examinedfhe portrait with acute interest. " YeB,"«aidhe, man undertone, " it is the face I remember. There is a look of insatiable greed in thos searchmgeyes— in the hollow cheeks and wrinkled mouth. And what expressive hands l Why, yes, they seem to be grasping imaginary gold!"/ While he still stood gazing at this painting, as if unable to take bis eyes from it, the door opened, and: the clerk requested him to " step this way." The room which he now entered had a cheerful appearance. Jp was well lighted, , mid a bright fire was burning in the hearth. Upon the rug, with his back to the fire_, stood a nome what careworn-looking mail of about forty-five or fifty. He stepped forward, how- over, with a pleasant smile on his face, and held out hio hand to the visitor. " Well, John," said he in a cordial tone, " so yoa madS up your mind „ at last to /cme to England. Xoa have done well, 4 . V / \- > > V : » . V, ' f' ; and /I / ani delighted to J&w; I Bui what hafl happened? 1 ove wen j pufczling my hrain ever sinoe your letter came glS. « John Westcott'— m X could not help saying to Marian— 'has got some eiupnaO in store tor us.' And Marian was eomewhat j "Hi of embattaMment crossed Wreteott'e face as he drew a chair towards the hearth, t esoaped Mn Carter, for that tleman lmd. bent down to stir the fire into a brighter blase, as though to give a more cheerful appearmiceto his welcome, and at the same time to toe slight tone of reproachin which he spoke, ine merchant was evidently one of those menwho, when -having an unpleasant duty to perform, are glad to get it over as agreeably as possible. The young visitor, after a quick glance about the room — as if reviving his memory, as he had done in the square and Mr. Girdlestone s office —quietly remarked ; " So it seems strangq to you, Mr. Carter, that I should care to revisit ir,TT V.n„la>a rVM Inrnn P" a Indeed, it does,' replied Mr. Carter frankly. 1 " I had concluded, long ago, tfiat no possible motive would induce you. to return. Has tnere I not been more than one strong reason, daring j thelast fifteen years, why shouldyou come back? But you have all the while remained abroad, j Receiving no reply, Mr. Carter went on. Was j there not the prospect of a partnership? said he. " Did not Mr. Girdlestone. as we wrote and told you, seem to. set his heart upon having a relation in the house ? That did not bring yon j home.' , ,, , "I had chosen a profession," replied Westcott. " Even the certainty of inheriting a large fortune by working at the desk could not tempt me to retire' from the navy. I had a. passion for thCaea." .... , .. "Well," saidMr. Carter, halfapologetic&ily;, " perhaps I ought not, you poll Bay, to express | any opinion on the subject. Your refusal to, j come into the business led to mf promotion. J Mr. Girdlestone, despairing of getting you to join the firm, made me a junior partner. But was there not another reason, a fat weightier,, one, for a visit to England a year ago? And still, John, you stopped away." Mr. Carter looked, as well as spoke, reproachfully now. "You mean," said Westcott, steadying his voice, " at the time of my uncle's death." " You received my letter ?" " Yes ; at Madras. You told me that he had left his property — except your share in the business — to your daughter Marian. _ It is she, as I understand, who is now the senior partner in the old house." A slight smile passed over the merchant s fate. "He had censured the young man so far as, in his opinion, his conduct merited reproof, and on that point his conscience was set at rest. "YeB; Marian is senior partner. That is the position, John," said he. " I am junior still." , „ „ , For some moments Westcott pondered deeply. "Mr. Carter,'.' he presently said, "I have no wish, as you must know, to dispute my uncle's will. He made me a generous offer; and I refused. Had I fallen in with his views, instead of opposing them, I should have been made bis heir." " Unquestionably," said Mr. Carter. A> . _ >1 .. n <1 UTAAI A AM sixteen years ago, cuuwuuw n ooiw i "I was very young. I had no judgment; I was all activity and impulse. But I have now — at least I hope so— arrived years of dis- j cretion. I am thirty-two, and should like to j settle down in life. Will you help me?" Mr. Carter's face grew thoughtful. " Don't misunderstand me," Westcott went I on. " I will begin, as yon did, at the foot of j the l&ddcTi; ' ' j The merchant appeared surprised. "RTould I you accept a clerkship," Baid he, "in your 1 uncle's old house ?" 1 " Why not ? I wish to be guided entirely by you. I cannot ask yon to make me a partner," said Westcott with a slight smile. " I have little or no means. Though I ought to tell you," he added, somewhat mysteriously, " I am not without expectations." Mr. Carter reflected a moment, then he said : "I should" -indeed be ungrateful, John, if I refused to help you. Mr. Girdlestone was a truefriend to me. And if I appear to hesi tate," he added, " it is because I am thinking of you, not of myself. 1 will briefly explain my meaning." He seated himself opposite his visitor; and the careworn look, which Westcott had noticed when he came in, ap peared to increase. "You must know, John, ! that your uncle was a great financier— how great I did hot realise until taken into partnership. I sometimes doubt if I fully appreciated his genius eventben. The amount of capital in the business was amazingly small. But such confi dence was placed in Mr. Girdlestone as a financier, that had he drawn bills to the extent of a hundred thousand pounds he would have had no difficulty in getting them accepted." a short pause Mr. Carter continued.' "When 'Mr. Girdlestone died, as you may imagine, the position was altered. With small capital and greatly diminished credit, I have had to sustain the reputation of an old- established City house. I have been doing my best ; you will not doubt that. But I do not prof ess to have a talent for finance like my late partner. What has been the result? For a whole year I have been at my wit's end bow to save the firm. It has been a hard struggle : affairs have gone from bad to worse. You have appeared, John, at a most trying moment. Had you arrived a few weeks later, you would probably have found the old place locked up and in the hands of creditors. How, under these circumstances can I help you ?" John Westcott rose from his chair. There wasC a look of energy in his face. " Who knows of this?" "No one;" replied Mr. Carter, " except Marian." Westcott reflected a moment. " What sum is required to save the house ?" " Twelve thousand pounds." The young man answered: " I scarcely possess that number of shillings.- But some thing—though one must not be too sanguine — something may be done." _ Mr. Carter appeared lost in thought. His face expressed deep despondency. . It was not merely the dread of losing the position he had gained through doBe attention to busi ness! it seemed to him that if the house failed — as it could never have done, in his opinion, while his old -partner wasalive— the catastrophe would throw a blot >en Mi. Girdlestone's memory. Mr. Girdle- ' stone had chosen him as a trustworthy and com petent person, one most capable of upholding of the firm after his death. But independent of that, as Mr. Carter could not hide from hiniself, his daughter would suffer; if failure came she .would participate in the calamity. The gloomy prospect was almost overmastering. Atjd now John Westcottt, Mr. Girdlestone's one surviving relative, had oome unexpectedly upon the scene — had come as if to remind him, at the eleventh hour, of his serious responsibility. t . As Westcott stepped towards the door, Mr. Carter recovered himself and said : " You will beoiir guest? A room ehall be prepared for you — your old room. Where shall I send torfor jrour luggage ?" " I left it in a coach at the entrance to the square." The merchant hastened out to give the necessary instrpctions When he returned, Westcott was standingWitb. his hknd on Mr. I Girdlestone's door, a side-door communicating tyith Mr. Carter's room " Ifoy lttoe another I glance," said the yodng man, at titet portrait 'of my uncle?. It struckmeasbeinga remark able workof art. ... ' ' I " !By all means,' said Mr. Carter. . .It is by j a great master. Will . you excuse me? he j added, seating himself at his writing-table. j have a number of matters to see about. We. 1 dine at 7 o'clock." J , « t f I The candles in Mr. Girdlestone'B room are j stiil burning. Westcott takes np one of til?1?1 i and again looks intently at the portrait of his j old uncle. " It is your secret"— and bis eyes | still rest upon the picture — "I will use it, as J you would have wished me to do, to save the j house. He puts the candle on the bureau; I and again he sits down in the chair facing J the desk. He does hot hesitate now. He places I his hand into an apparently empty pigeon-hole, and the inner wall falls open. In a moment ne has drawn forth an oblong paper. He glances rapidly at the inscription. It is the " Last Will and Testament of Jeremiah Girdlestone of Fisher's Folly." And at -the foot of the docu- mfynt- in fy qnq,mt"handwriting, J ofan \V estcott reads rhe following significant words: "For the key to the secret Btrong-room, wherem will he found fifty bs of hard cash, look behind the Golden Lamp." CHAPTER II.— Me. Giedlestone's Monet. ! The room with the five windows, in the centre one of which Btood the Golden Lamp, was - an old dining-hall. The caken walls were hung with large and valuable paintings ; and from the centre, of . the ceiling was suspended a "great chandelier. , At one end of this room a fire was burning in the open chimney ; and near the tog) : I in front of the fire, was placed a round dfning- I table, laid for three. Leaning over this table, j to arrange some exotic flowers inn centre vase, I was the beautiful lamplighter who had attracted j John Westeotfs attention an hour ago. j - No antique room, with so lovely a figure placed there, would have better represented a I former century; a period, one might say, in 1 which Fisher's Folly was the abode of beauty and fashion. The girl was plainly dressed ; the I fair hair was drawn back from the broad fore- I head into a Grecian knot, and the dark velvet 1 robe fitted closely to the tall and -slender form. Her face was undeniably handsome ; but there I was something more than mere beauty in the T large brown eyes and resolute mouth ; each J feature expressed that quick intelligence which j awakens confidence. It was the face of a I woman with character — a woman likely to I exhibit resource in a difficult situation. Sucl J was Marian Garter, the head partner in the old I house. Having touchy the flowers softly j with her long expressive fingers — a touch of I the butterfly's wing in tenderness — she turned I away and moved through folding- doors into an j adjoining room, it was a small room, but with panelled walls of dark oak, like the dining-hall. I In an armchair near the fire sat Mr. Carter j with his head resting on his hand. His face | was more troubled in expression ; since bis in- I terview with Westcott he appeared to have even more iuiiy reansea me magmiaae oi tue calamity which was pending. As Marian approached him, however, he made a strong effort to overcome his depression. " Is all ready, Marian r'' said he, with cheer fulness in his tone. " Everything." " Is the lamp lighted ?" " Why, father, do you think I would neglect that? Would it not be too thoughtless," said she laughingly, " on an occasion like this?" As Marian seated herself beside him, her father said: — "How strange that John West cott should have returned to-night. '» " It is st range," said the girl with a smile. " And what is still stranger," she added, with a alight blush, " some one — I think it must have been Mr.- Westcott — was standing below the | window when I lit the lamp. Is he likely to prove a friend ?" " Ah 1 J was wondering," said Mr. Carter. " He has the character of being an excellent and shrewd young fellow. But 1 fear," he went on, "that even if he had his uncle's' financial gnius, he would find it no easy matter to'' e stopped abruptly ; for at tms moment West- I cctt came in. The change in his appearance, now that the rough costume was gone, was re markable. Mr. Carter scarcely recognised him ; there was little of the sailor even in bis face, andnothiug in his manner. He had all the -style of a refined gentleman. The merchant rose from his chair and formally presented him. Had she seen him, thought Westcott, when standing in the square below the windows? There was something in her look, something in her very attitude towards him, which made him doiibt-if he was an entire stranger. He had I recognised her ; and he had conjectured, while in conversation with the merchant, that the beautiful " vision" at the Golden Lamp could j be no other than Marian Carter. But he had I no time for more than this passing reflection. I The dinner was announced ; the folding-doors were thrown open, and they passed through and I took their seats at the table. TEe first object that attracted Westcott's glance was the old lamp. Marian's look fol lowed his. She smilingly asked him : " Do yon j remember it ?" I " No ; I bad forgotten the house," said he. "I was seldom here." I "Ah I It is strange yon should have for- I gotten that hunp," said Marfan. 1 " Sol am thinking," Westcott replied. " The j workmanship is exquisite. But," he added, "is it not alantern ?" " It ton be used as such. It is called -the i Golden Lamp. It was called ko long before I I was born. It belonged, as you may have j guessed, to Mr. Girdlestone. He used to call it mine. It has Btood where it now stands, T j believe, for nearly a hundred years. Bat the j lantern, " said the girl, " can easily be detached ; l it hangs from a nook, as yon see, under the dome. I have forbidden anyone to touch it. I | trim and lightit myself all the year round. " I "No wonder," replied Westcott gallantly, J " that it burns so brightly." j " Not' for the world," Marian went on, " would I miBs doing so. It is to me a sacred duty." j Westcott could not suppress a smile. " What j reason can. you , have, Miss Carter," said, he,: j 11 forheing such a conscientious lamplighter ?" I . Marian looked serious. , " It was Mr. Girdle- stone's wish,,> ud Marian, with a glance towards herlatherv-and receiving no look of j disapproval, she added : " As long as the lamp | is lighted— it was a sort of superstitibn with 1 him— luck will not leave the house." 1 As soon as toe two men were alone over their j wine — though they could see and hear Marian | at the piano, for the folding-doors stood open — | John Westcott turned to Mr. Carter and said : "There is something about that lamp—and I | hope yon will not think' me too inquisitive — wmch interests me. May I look at it more closely?" ' The merchant readily acquiesced, and the I young man, stepping across the room, bent I over the lamp, and pad not his back been | turned to Mr. Carter, the expression of keen I excitement which came over his face might have j puzzled him. Seating himself once more oppo- site to hifl host, after 4 somewhat lengthy examination of the temp, Westcott is a large key, I observe, hanging tehmd the lantern. Is there any tradition attached to that ?" " I cannot tell you," said Mr. Carter. " No oneknowB." „ " Do you mean, sir, that it fits 110 lock r A slight smile crossed the merchant s fece. " You know how curious women are, said he. "I heed scarcely tell you, John that Marian has tried every keyhole in the house. She has not solved the mystery." ' " Have you no theory, Mr. Carter, concerning that key?" ' "None." , , , " Has it never occurred to you that it Taignt have been the key," said "Westcott, "to my uncle's financial genius?" " Ah ! that is a shrewd remark," said Mr. Gartyr thoughtfully. " But let me tell you," he added. " something about that strange man. It will interest yon. .No one, unless it was his fniiiaii servant, knew Mr. Girdlestone more S a IaYvt Alt A n T lUUuiatuiY man a. u»» - . a That eager expression again passed over Westcott's face, out it escaped Mr. Carter's notice. After a toort pause ne began, and the low sound of music In the adjoining room added to the earnest tone of his voice. , _ _ " Through a long life, John, your uncle had lived alone in this old house— alone with this Indian. Daring office hours he often occupied his room down stairs— the room_ln which that fin a portrait hangs ; but he received no visitors there. All matters of business, were airangea in my room — in the room, at least, which be came mine when I was taken into partnership. There, in his magic way, he settled questions of finance. No one was ever allowed to -.pass beyond the staircase. Even Marian, to whom he was greatly attached, never visited the upper stories except when Mr. Girdlestone took her to look at this temp. At 6 o'clock every moto twg the great hall door was locked and bolted , .behind us — that is, myself and the clerks — by the native servant ; and never, under any cir cumstance, was it opened until 9 the next morning." " An odd character," said Westcott m an undertone. " This eccentricity led to all sorts of rumours. It was generally believed that Mr. Girdlestone . was a man of great wealth; and his excessive caution and Becret ways suggested a hoarding disposition. It was thought that his gold was stored in great heaps in the garrets. I often heard these tales. But I have since convinced myself that these rumours were unfounded." " You discovered nothing?" " I will tell you," said Mr. Carter, " exactly what' happened. During the years that I served Mr. Girdlestone — mom than twenty in all — I never knew him to be absent for one day from his desk. There were times when he remained in the counting-house only an hour or two ; those were what I called his restlesB days ; for I could bear him pacing this room, which is just above the office, with a peculiar tread which I have never forgotten. It was the only exercise he took ; and it always foreboded some new and' frequently gigantic financial scheme. I some times fancy, when I am very busy, that I can still hear aim walking up and down. West looked about him. " In this room ?" he interposed. "You believe it was here ?" " So it sounded to me," was Mr. Carter's re ply. " But it is a strange old house ; and I have sometimes thought,' he added, 1 that there may be rooms up -stairs or down-stairs of which we know nothing. — But let me finish. One afternoon towards the hour for locking-up, I heard a groan. It came from Mr. Girdlestone's room. I went in, and found my old partner leaning forward upon his desk with his head . sunk upon his arms. That was his last day in the counting-house— he died that night." Mr. Carter paused, with adistressedlookonhiB face. The details of that painful incident were pass ing vividly through his mind. Presently he concluded : " No sooner was Mr. Girdlestone dead, strange to say, than his Indian servant absconded. No one knows where he has gone. He seemed to me like a man who h4d re- oeived some shock. I could make nothing of him. Doubtless, be possessed a great deal of information about his master. If Mr. Girdle-, stone was a hoarder of gold, he must have found it ont. Bat I, who have lived here ever since my partner's death, have discovered nothing. And as to the mystery, John, about that key," he added, " who can solve it ?" Westcott made no reply, but he sat watching, the merchant attentively ; and he soon noticed a look of drowsiness coming over him. The fatigue and anxiety of the last few daj% were beginning to tell upon his overwrought brain. The more sleepy he became the more wakeful grew the expression on Westcott's face. As 6oon as he had assured himself that Mr. Carter was asleep, the young man rose from his chair, stepped softly accross the room, and approached Marian's side.. Standirg where the light fell strongly upon him, Borne paces from her, he whispered : " Don't stop playing, MisB Carter : your father will wake. I have a secret to tell you ; and much will depend, within the next few minutes, upon your presence of mind. But do not be alarmed," he hastened to add. " Play as you are playing now, and listen.7' Marian was a tiue musician; and at the moment that John Westcott came and stood there she was carried away by the enchanting effect of some melody. His unexpected ap pearance startled her; it was like being suddenly roused out of a dream. She could not hide her agitation ; even the flood of harmony threatened to fall into discord. A false note was struck ; and then in a troubled voice, she murmured, as she half lifted her eyte from, the keys ; " A secret to tell me ?" Westcott sat down, thongh witoont approach ing nearer; for his first thought was to reasBure the girl. " Do not be distressed, Miss Carter ; place confidence in me. Can you not —for your father's sake P He needs a friend." The girl fixed her eyes earnestly on West cott's face : it was a handsome and sympathetic face. Why was his manner so mysterious and perplexing ? But his appearance pleased her, and there was a genuine ring in his voice. She quickly decided : she put away all suspicion as , ungenerous, and answered him. " I'am fisten- ing. ' Pray, do not hesitate to speak." The' young man gave Marian a grateful glance. "Ihave come to England," said he, after a moment's pause, " oh an affair which deeply concerns your father — an affair of the utmost importance. I have come to do what is in my power to save the old house of Girdle stone and Company from ruin. Much that Mr. Carter had told me- had already readied my ears— through what medium, and how strange a one, yon will hardly guete." The weird stories tn&t; Marian had heard about this old house in Fisher's, Folly— and of the quaint figure of Mr. Girdlestone, who had lived here so many years— were still fresh in her memory : even while a child, her mind had been busy puzzling out the meaning of these mysteries. But she was more puzzled now ; and as these thoughts came rushing upon her — thoughts which Westcott's word had recalled— something of her strange mood seeined to enter into her expression whue die played. . W estcott presently resigned. ' You remember that Indian servant of Mr. Girdlestone'e ?" said he. " Well— I have seen him ; and he has told mbc?ery secret he knew about my uncle." This ypu indeed startling news fcr Marian 1 She looked up at Westcott with eager eyes and I half -parted lips. She even ceased, in her ex- 1 citement, to move her fingers over the keys I and for a moment there was a dead silence' I But she quickly recovered herself, ; and fell into 1 playing soft and dreamy music while listening I to all mat now followed from Westcott. j " The secrets which this man has told me as 1 I hope, will enable me to restore credit to 'the 1 house. Bat nothing is yet Bure ; and for this 1 reason I hesitate to tell your father. Can the 1 house be saved? Before Mr. Carter wakes, let f us try to Bettle this question." . | "fs it impossible?'' whispered Marian. 1 „ "Yes; I sincerely believe so, "eaid Westcott 1 in an earnest tone. " During the many yearg i that this Indian lived here, Miss Carter, he kept 1 his eyes wide open. But he was 6hrewd enough not to betray any signs of curiosity. He was 1 discreet and honest. Indeed, my uncle, I am i inclined to think, conld scarcely have chosen a 1 better servant. But he developed, owing to I the circumstances which surrounded him. into ! panic-stricken man. All that he had found out \ about his master's affairs and the strange incident that followed, struck terror to his heart. He confided all this to me on his death bed, It was quite pitiable." Marian, with a wondering look in her eyes' whispered: "What strange incident?" ' "One which was the cause of his sudden flight. This is what he told me : Years ago wnen he first became my uncle's servant, he discovered that his master was a hoarder of gold. With that lantern in his hand, which you call the golden lamp, Mr. Girdlestone would would walk about the house long after f midnight. He naturally supposed that his I servant was asleep in his garret. But 3 the man was following him like a shadow », from floOr to floor. It became a fascination— a sort of mania. It was like following some t uneasy spirit about these old rooms and stair. | cases. And so near did he creep along behind I him, with naked feet and sometimes on his i hands, that he could at any moment have ' | touched his master ; and although Mr. Girdle- I stone sometimes flashed the lantern round him 1 with suspicion, the native was too agile in his | movements to he detected. A particular panel ! became known to him — one that led to a secret . strong-room. That panel is in this room; it is within a few feet, Miss Carter, of where you are seated." The startled look had come back into Marian's face. What Btrange 6tory was this ? She had heard nothing so weird about Fisher's Folly before. She followed the young man's glance towards the oaken wall, and again the music was almost inaudible. "There !" said Westcott, pointing across the room. "That panel can be moved. It is a door that leads down narrow steps, as the Indian assured me, into a huge cellar. Here are to he found bags of money — thousands of pounds, Miss Carter, in hard cash." Marian's cheeks were flushed with excite- ment, and the melody sounded as if following her thoughts into a shower of gold. " Why," said she, "did Mr. Girdlestone's servant hide this from us ?" "Ah! I am now coming to that," said Westcott. " On the night that Mr. Girdle- Btone died — a rainy, gusty night — the Indian could jiot sleep. The less of his old master distressed him deeply; but the secret which he bad stolen distressed him still more. He could never restore it now, and it seemed as much a crime in his eyes as if he had stolen the gold. He took the lantern from its place and wandered about as he had seen his master doing. Neither the pattering of the rain against the windows, nor the moaning of I the wind in the draughty rooms and corridors 1 gave him any concern. He had never ex- j perienced the least fear; it had alt been 'J wonder and breathless interest at his master's | ways. Terror suddenly seized upon him for the : first time. How the feeling came he could not explain ; but without looking round or even $ listening, an overwhelming conviction took possession of the man : his master was following him ! But it was not a living master, hut & - dead one — the noiseless ghost of Mr. Girdle stone." Marian could not help shuddering; and her tremulous notes showed how deeply all that John Westcott had been relating affected her. The young man noticed this, and waited while she tried to overcome her enffition. He then rose from his chair, and taking from his pocket the document which he had au hour ago dis covered in Mr. Girdlestone's desk, approached Marian and pointed oat the words written at the foot: "for the key to the secret strong room, wherein will be found fifty b. gi hard cash, look behind the Golden Lamp." " And now," said he, "I will steal quietly into the dining-room and get the lantern." Marian looked up with an expression almost of awe; ' Have you the hardihood — all alone — to make this search ?" Westcott smiled. " I'm not frightened when I've a good light. And was not the lamp lit by you" — Marian dropped her eyes—' 4 lit for this very expedition ? It was my uncle's wish. | —Besides," he went on, " is not the key which ; has been hanging there all these years the key | to the secret strong- room?" I Westcott steps into the dining-hall and 1 glances at Mr. Carter, who is sleeping soundly. | Maria" looks over her shoulder, bat never ceases playing. She sere Westcott detach the l lantern ; ana as he comee quickly back with the softest tread, he stopts ana touches a panel near the fireplace. His lips convey these words to the girl, for his voice does not reach her: " This ib the way." , Marian whispers back distressfully ; If h® w&kos;' " Stop playing ; it will warn- me. But tell him nothing." The girl glances towards toe clock on the mantel-shelf. " I shall count the minutes. Shall I you soon be took ?" Westcott looks at his watch; "In t® minutee." " So quickly as that ! But it will be like tea hours to me." , He approaches the wall aud presses upon the panel, which yields to his hand. Be glaneee back at Maiian, and their eyes meet. Hi heart is beating fast, but her encouraging loo makes it beat the faster. Westcott stoops down and steps into an open space in the wall. A cold, damp draught of airbrushes into the rooffi. The music trembles, as if icy wind had caug» the keys. For a moment the lantern glimmers? and Marian sees the light moving away. Jo® Westcott and toe Golden Lamp have uH- appeared. v j v CHAPTER III.— Conclusion. | Holding up the lantern and peering dotn£ wards, J onn Westcott found himself at the fcw® of a flight of brick steps. These steps were®" commoaiously narrow, being built up betwew the outer ana inner walls of the old mansiout It was impossible, with such broad shoulders Westcott's, to descend otherwise than obliquely- The sensation wasnot agreeable ; less so, 6 j? than being lowered into a well, for a rop®£ something : here the connecting link outer world was, as it were, completely cot "Pi even toe sounder Adrian's piano having P?# ally died ont. Or had toe stopped playi»8>; 1 thought Westcott. Had Mr. Carter awoke 1 Aluiough the' chilling draught of air w® J . 1 1we6ned when the panel wasdosed, the cold J!ip atmosphere, and that peculiar mostiness Tjch clings to vaults and: such-lifce under ground places, be ame more neroeptibleat every £fl) and these steps seemed endless. Yet ha W proposed to return in ten minutes. ; Was it noBsiDle to complete this expedition i«L search of L uncle's gold in so short a time ? U scarcely «eaied probable. Ana yet Westcott Aidant despair. The encouraging look vrtuffiMariaa had given him inspired oonfidenoe lix his pur- rose If he had actedimpulBively. the motive had Len a good one. His prompt dedflion waflatimti- lated bv a keen desire to save his uncle's firm from Join m truth, he had been seizedwith an , un defined sense of apprehension when first en countering the Indian servant In his travels. The man had £old him in a rambling way that Mr. Girdlestone's death might prove a serious blow to the business ; and he had implored his <i young master," as he had called Westcott — for he had known him when a boy—to proceed without loss of time to Fisher's Folly, and put matters right while there was still time. The man had awakened a deep interest in Westcott's mind concerning the old house and its sur roundings, not omitting the beautiful Miss Carter. Indeed, the young man had pictured to himself a lovely girl, from the Indian's description, lighting the Golden Lamp, long before the "vision" came in sight. The first glimpse of Marian, when entering $ le precincts of Fisher's Folly a few hours ago, had some what resembled the realisation of a dream. But Westcott had no time for such reflections at this moment ; for lie had reached the foot of the steps and had come upon a long passage. It was at right angles to the steps ; it widened out sufficiently to enable him to walk straight ahead. He at once quickened his pace ; but he was careful as he advanced to observe every detail of the brickwork ; for he dreaded the mere thought of losing his way in such a dark and mysterious locality. To anyone with a belief in the supernatural, however slight, this was not an. expedition likely to awaken a feeling of suspicion. More than" one strange fancy flashed across West cott's brain. A sudden currentof air, which he now encountered, was like the icy breath of some unseen phantom that had hurried by. But this only proved to be, when he raised his lan tern and examined the walls, a small iron grating, which was doubtless placed there for Ventilation. But he had no sooner explained away this phenomenon than a more weird sen sation seized upon him. The noise of muffled- footsteps broke upon his ear — footsteps that seemed to be approaching nearer and nearer, for each moment they sounded more distinctly, and beyond the passage along which he was advancing. Was it the tread of a sentinel, in the shape Mr. Girdlestone's ghost, on guard over the bags of gold ? Westcott stopped and listened The sound of the footstep ceased ; he had beard the echo of his own footfall in an extensive vault. A pace beyond where he had stopped would have brought him to the en trance : a few feet more and he would probably have fallen head foremost into the cellar. Was it to be wondered at that the Indian servant, Westcott now thought, had fled so pre cipitately from his house in Fisher's Folly after his master's death? If he had once fol lowed him into these vaults, as the man pro fessed to have done, his sudden dread could he understood. Mr. Girdlestone must have seemed, in the eyes of this unreflecting native, something almost superhuman — a being whose disembodied spirit haunted Fisher's Folly. Had not a shadowy form, as he imagined, appeared to him when he was on the point of revsaliug the secret ? Even Westcott, who was among the most sceptical concerning disembodied spirits, began to experience a cer tain indefinable tremor, for tike vault at Hie edge of which he now found himself had no visible limit. The light from the lantern, in whichever way he directed it, gave him no clue as to the dimensions of the place ; it was, he couid only conclude, an immense cellar. He shrank back with a natural feeling of hesita tion. Which direction should he take ? If he descended and went forward into the impene trable darkness, the chance of finding his way back appeared remote. TTi« only plan would be to follow, if possible, the direction, of the wall, either to the right or to the left. By this means he might, without abandoning all nope, continue the search. Before taking another step forward, how ever, he resolved to make a olose examination of the spot. And he soon discovered that the entrance to this passage along which he had come had been cut out of the brick walk The hole was not symmetrical, but sufficiently large for an ordinary -sized man to pass through. The bricks which had doubtless been taken from this hole lay in a heap 2ft. or 3ft. below. While inspecting this heap, over which he had been on the point of stumbling, the light from the lantern fell upon something which set West cott's heart beating fast. The floor of the cellar, as far as he could see, was unpaved ; it was covered with damp-looking clay. He crept down over the bricks and alighted upon it. The clay was trodden down into a distinct footpath towards the left and close under the walll To what point could this footpath lead F Westcott did not hesitate another second. Bending forward, with the lantern almost touching the ground, he carefully followed the beaten track. Presently he stopped and raised the lantern. He was standing opposite a closed door. In his impatience he struck it with his heel ; but it re sisted the shock. He hastened to detach the key from the lantern and place it in Hie key hole. It fitted the lock ; but no force would , move the key : it resisted all his efforts to turn it. We3tcott drew the key out ol the lock in despair. He stood looking at it with a puzzled face. But presently the puzzled expression changed. His eyes became hopeful 'and animated. He noticed marks -of rust upon fee key — marks which were not there when he placed it in the lock. He knelt down and opened the lantern. Having unscrewed the lamp near the wick he found the lower part more than half full, of oil. He poured some drops upon the key and again thrust it in the key! role. After some- persuasion it began to show signs of yielding, The key moved, then stuck, then moved again. Westcott patience Was becoming exhausted ; his face flushed, and his hand shook from excitement. Suddenly the key turned, and the door flew "Open. Westcott raised the lantern hastily above his head and Went stealthily forward. Meanwhile, Mr. Carter, asleep in his armjchair, Was dreaming about bi« old partner.. He dreamt that he could hear him pacing up and down the dining-hall, while he sat at his writing-table, in the office below. It seemed to him that Mr. Girdlestone bad found out the disastrous state of affairs ; that the discovery had., brought him out of his grave, and that he was exerting all his great financial faculties in order to save the hjrase ; and his peculiar walk, as«itappeared to Carter, expressed his anger at the situation. , He felt himself greatly humiliated. He had not, - the courage to go and place the matter clearly oefore Mr. Girdlestone. He was persuaded of us inferiority as a financier — thougb he had 'one his best, as he kept repeating to him- he "had done bin best," But the mono- onous tread of his ralpriflopa -partner ptill wenj ; jit seemed to enter into the very throb- bmgsof his brain, _ Hexould nqtshut out the round. At length it became so unbearable that . he cried out in despair, and awoke. " Did you call me, father ?» _ Marian was standing at the entrance to the . dining-room, with her eyes ftoed anxiously upon ;the merchant. Mr. Outer put his hand to his forehead perplexedly. " A strangedream he muttetod. Then suddenly looking up, he said Where is John ?" Marian' glanced at the clock. The ten minutes which John Westcott had named had almost expired- Would he soon return ? She listened with intense eagerness for any indica tion of hisGoming. Again Mr. Carter passed his hand across his brow. " I have been "dreaming," said he. "Am I dreaming now?" and he glanced round the room. Suddenly he started up." : " Where is the Golden Lamp ?" At this moment Marian, standing within her boudoir and near the secret panel, heard a, ; slight noise, but she dreaded to look round ; . she dreaded to take her eyes from her father's face. She spoke to herself in a low tone of despair j " What shall I do P" Immediately u, muffled tone whispered in reply : " Tell him everything. All is welL" Mr. Carter had sunk into his chair. Marian approached him. Her face brightened with a ' sudden feeling of gratitude ana delight. But the merchant did not look up. " I have been dreaming/' he repeated. " I dreamt that Mr. Girdlestone had come back to life — that he was .pacing up and down this room. He seemed to know ail-about our troubles." Marian . sat down beside the merchant. "Father," said she, "I, too, have had a dream." He lboked up with a smile. " About Mr. Girdlestone?" There was always something cheering in his daughter's voice. " Partly," she replied, " and partly abouthis money:" " His money,. Marian!" " Yes. I have been dreaming that news had reached us about Mr. Girdlestone'B Indian servant. He knew everything connected with his master's affairs ; he even knew the meaning of that key which has been so long a mystery to us." " Why, .Marian " " That is not all. The news that reached us — in my dream — was that the key opened a secret strong-room. The Indian was conscience- \- stricken ; and on his death-bed implored some one to come and tell us all about it. And," added Marian, " some one came — some one who took the lantern and the key and went in search of the strong-room ; for in this secret 'place, as I dreamt, there are bags and bags of gold." - The merchant was now looking keenly into his daughter's face. Marian did not return his glance, but she placed her hand persuasively on his arm, for he had half risen from Ins chair. " The only way, father, to reach this strong-room," continued Marian — "the only way that the Indian knew of was by moving a panel in the wall. And the person to whom he confided this secret — a person related to Mr. Girdlestone — followed his instructions and found — ; — " " Found what ?" Marian could no longer keep her father from starting out of the chair. He had guessed the meaning cf her words. He was beginning to comprehend that, heedful of his anxiety, she was trying, in her love for him, to break the newB of some good fortune which bad befallen them, and in such a manner that it might not come upon him too suddenly. She stood look ing attentively at his anxious face as he walket up and down the room. He seSmed to be mastering the sudden emotion which the dawning knowledge of brighter- days had awakened. Presently Marian put -her hands gently upon his shoulders and looked up into his face. " It is no dream, father. It is true. The person to whom Mr. Girdlestone's servant confided all this is Mr. Westcott. But it was his wish, before raising your expectations, to make sure that the man's. story was well founded; It is well founded, and Mr. West cott is waiting to tell you all the details him self." Marian induced her father to resume his place by the hearth. He sat down, and with hishandis pressed to his forehead, stared vacantly at the fire. But suddenly be looked up. A quick step bad caught his ear. Westcott stood before him with the lantern in one hand and an odd- looking bag in the other. " Mr. Garter," were his first words,. " make your mind easy. The house of Girdlestone and Company is saved. This bag must contain at least a thousand guineas, and there are more that fifty like it in the strong-room. Is not this convincing?" As Westcott spoke, he lifted the bag suddenly. It was yellow and rotten from age, and the action of raising it burst open the Sides, and the floor was covered with gold. The guineas cli nked and spun about in all directions ; and some of them, rolling to wards the hearth, settled down at Mr. Carter's feet. Neither John Westcott nor Marian's father thought of seeking any rest that night. They were too deeply occupied with a minute ex amination of the cellars under the old house in Fisher's: Folly, and bags of gold that Mr. Girdlestone's relative had discovered there. No place could have better served a hoarder's pur pose ; for it was a secret strong-room that had been built centuries ago in which to store trea sure in the time of civil war or serious rioting in" the city of London. It would have done Mr. Girdlestone's heart "good, let us hope, had he. witnessed .the pros perous turn ; which the old firm now took. Under Mr. Cai- ter's instruction— f or Marian's, father was in reality amexcellent man of busi ness—John Westcott became in time as-great a financier as. his. uncle had been before him. And when he was urged to accept partner chip in the house, a. yean or- two after the memorable date of his return to England, he could not refuse ; for he and Marian hadin the m Aim time learned to love eachother. B asides, the will which he found had named him. bis uncle'B heir. And BO,af ier their marriage Mr. Girfflestone'siiouse was for many years their riinMn hnwuy . This old mansion, in Fisher's Folly, still standingin these modern times, is untenanted. It has a lonely and dilapidated' appearance. The windtffcfej including, the great central Hvin dow, within which the Golden Lamp once stood, are begrimed with dost, and smoke: and the steps below are as green as antiquated tombstones. A great padlock and chain are affixed to- the frohtsdoor, . for the lease h&srun; out at last, arid this landmark in the history of London will soon be demolished andf orgotten. — Chambers' & Journal, 