A GIRL FROM PECKHAM. Vanity Fair. Mr. Plantagenet Williams was an aris- tocrat to the tip of his fingers. He looked down with lofty contempt on parvenues of the seventeenth and eighteenth cen- turies, and always spoke of the House of Lords, as at present constituted, as " The Beerage. ; " for he was sixteenth in direct female descent from Edward III. Most persons of his name who had similar pré- tentions to raak would haye soolt it Wllyams br WyHams, or perhaps^Wyly ams, bat he was above so cheap a distinc- tion. Plain Williams-ff i th Plantagenet before it-was good enough for him. It is sad to reUte.theclaimslo nobility were übt universally admitted ; indeed,-* it was on the express ground that he was not only a bore, but au outsider, that he had been pilled at the local club hy a parcel of-half-pay colonels -and majors iu the militia, most of whom would hardly have recognised their own greatgrandfathers if they had met . them walking bu the osplanade. It was more ia Borrow than in angor that immediately after this rejection he altered his ' motto ' from " Sanguine Meguin " to^^'^r^^á^í,*' in better allusion to tjie;.4Îbïtl|>M8ant holding in his mouth a spju^efjirobm which formed his anciiÔtï|ft: ,^%t". -A.S becomes a person of his i birth, ^e^jwas a great antiquarian ; he had'the mysteries .of the science of heraldry at his fingers' ends, and was supposed ip Jknow ^njore about armour, castles;: stamed. glass, monumental brasses, and such-like medi- aeval playthings, than the president of the Boyal Antiquarian Society himself. There was not a parson within ten miles whose church Iud any pretension to antiquity with whom ho had not quarrell- ed, and the sexton of Stanwick Abbey, the great showplace of the neighbourhood, hated the sight of a gentleman who thought nothing of contradicting him before a dozen tourists, and had ideas of Ins own as to the true date of the carving 1 of the choir- stalls. It was, therefore, with considerable dis- gust that this official, on a certain fine afternoon in early spring, saw the Well , known figure of the aristocratic amateur lounge into the Abbey ; for he was en- gaged in doing the mortuary honours of the place to a couple of ladies, who, from the intsllegeut interest they showed in what he had to tell them, seemed to be good for half-a-crown. They were very quietly, even shabbily, dressed, and when Plantagenet caught sight of them he im> mediately set them down aa visitors to the ^neighbouring watering-place, probably from Peckham, and despised thom accord* 3í^ly.í-¡However, the younger one was idBcidedly pretty, in a pert sort of way, so Üé1 condescended to join the par ty t and listened with a1süi#of sneer tb tli&fecture; bf .the.cicerone-pp"the different otijebta of : interest in the Abbey. At last they? .? paused before;a great tomb as big'as a/? four-post bedstead. . ''This," said the sextqn, pompously, 'fis the tomb of the last of the old Barons < ' o' Bullwinkle,* > This is 'im lyin'^ln his back, and the jracumbent femalo^gure also lyin' downi&^hat of his^fe, the last Baroness. Their 'ands is clasped ia touching memory of their immutual affec- tion for each other.- He wears his coronet on his 'ead; which is a mark of nobility, and his sword by his sido to show that he Was a distinguished soldier. His feet are restin' on a grey'ound, which, is the harms bf the family-rr" Blantagenat shuddered "The crest." Mm* who hears a false note. sung. . {ll&One; of the badges," said a clear, high voice behind him. ». jj* ^ |* He turnea] rouQ4i%^i W^^^W^at it Wasfcho younger o^h'e^^^a^^Lapi badjSpokon, and thete was a pause. ^ ^ r^%M^^m'lM »itt; #*st, la] ." Qh, not at ajl The greyhound was af badjfe of the TPeytbs," said the girl, negligently. '. TJw .crest waa apaafiock wltb'ttl" tall spread. There's one over \ that shield/' and she nodded ber head towards a monnaient close by. Plantagenet grew hot all over at the idea of being taught heraldry by a young person from Peckham. She must be crushed at once. "I'm afraid they don't teach theso things very accurately at your school," ho said, with cutting satire ; " a family badge is never displayed on a monument." " Isn't it really ?" said thc girl, care- lessly ; " well, I suppose this old gentle- man preferred greyhounds to peacocks, and choose to be unconventional- like some people nowadays," she added, with a sly glance at her companion. Tile elder lady seemed to be rather alarmed at a possible scene, and, by way of propitia- ting him, asked Plantagenet if he knew anything of antiquarian matters. " I flattered myself I knew something," he answered glancing revengefully at the girl ; " but ladies learn so much nowadays from the ' Answers to Correspondents ' in their favourite penny paper that a man whose knowledge is morely hereditary is really nowhere in comparison." " Hereditary ?" "Well, yes; hereditary. I have the honour of being a very Humble Descend- ant of the Boyal House of Englaud "-no capital lettors can express the tone iu which he spoke these words-" and one seems, as it were, to inherit-without, exactly-you see what I mean, of course -just as people whose ancestors were tradesmen take to business by nature, don't you know." The girl smiled in a malicious manner, but said nothing. j " I wonder whether there are any j Peytos left in this part of the conntry," said the elder lady, addressing her ; and Plantagenet took on himself to answer the question. The family became extinct two hundred years ago," said he. " Not extinct !" said the audacious girl; " I am descended from the family my- self." " I'm really sorry to correct you," said Pautagenet, with rather overdone polite- ness, " but the ouly descendente of the Peytos are Lord Oidcastle's family-the Bardolfs." " And that happens to be my name," said the girl, laughing outright; "Bardolf with an 'f ' ?" "With an «f'..:" " Oh, I see." Plantagenet bowed satrically, and muttered so that she could hear him "Every Howard kins with Norfolk's Duke.'* "You will observe these 'elmenls," broke in the sexton, thinking it was quite time his voice was heard again. "They've been taken off of the different tombs, and and are considered a fine collection. This 'ere is a titling 'elmet, and belongs to the tomb as you've just been inspecting." " No," said Plantagenet, decidedly. " I beg your pardon, sexton. The heiment of a Baron is of quite a different shape from this." Not even the fear of endangering his half-crown could keep a sexton from showing his indignation at being again set right. *' Per'aps, as vou know so much more than I do, sir/' he said, sulkily, " you'll tell the ladies all abont it yourself ;" and he walked away in great indignation. Miss Bardolf--with an "f "-turned to Plantagenet with a winning smile. "How foolish of that old mau to lose his temper ' and run away like that," she said, sweetly. " I was going to ask him how they put thoso helmets on. I've always wanted so to know." j Her tone was much more becoming, now. Plantagenet looked at her, and began to relent. After all, she was very young, also pretty ; so he thought he would forgive her. He took the rusty: .helinet in his hands«, .carefully, wiped the; dust off, au'd/after some'trbiihle, succeed #d^n openïngithe vMofc ' '* - £ if " There," he said, indulgently, "that's* 4low the tilings, works.. You raise this, 'frönt part like %his, «nfaátén tliis «pring,; see P"-tho rusty spring squeaked a'adt came open-" and then, put it ovar.your; head. It's simple enough."1 .' But surely, she said, doubtfully, I" no man could, bear such a weight ? Oh, I doii't believe anyone eyer wore, them,' really !" Plantagenet snailed pityingly. ; " Even in these days it ik not impos- sible," ho «aid. w Look here".? 'O '.'t He lifted the ponderous, headpiece, not without difficulty, and slipped his head íütoí'(4t. |DoWn Hearne the vizor with a crashr ijastvescaöing the end of Planta- genet's ancestral nose, and his face was hidden from the sight of iqen,. Miss, l|jp^tj|olam)ed her. hands with !^Pw^^r^¿ood of you !" she cried. LT ftnV^éèeauy very heavy P And how ¿ncblo yallook, if it were not f«ir your | gaiters. Only I can't see you through Die bara. Isn't it rather stuffy inside there, though P" Plantagenet made some. reply, hut,ids words were lost in the hollow cf the helmet. He bogan hastily fa fquibje. with the spring. Thero was a loud click. Miss Bardolf burst out laughing. " Now you Jiave douo it !" she cried, as tile helmet closed tight round the unlucky mail's neck; #?#### " Weil,'' said the sexton, pausing after half an hour's hard work, " I never see such a dratted old thing ! I've broke my nails and I've broke my knife, and it's my belief as it'll 'ave to be broke to pieces with your 'ead iuside of it !" j Plantagenet raised his vizor with both hands, and discovered the most rueful countenance that was over framed in iron. " Isn't there a blacksmith anywhere in the place ?" he asked ; and the sexton shook Iiis head. " Not nearer than Arlescote," said he ; " and that's a matter of five mile or better." "Then you must fetch him up here, and I'll wait for him," said Plantagenet, mis- erably. " No use, sir. He wouldn't come at this hour o' day. You'll 'ave to go down yourself. You've got a tricycle outside." " Confound it all, man !" cried Planta- genet, beside himself with vexation and discomfort, " I can't go through the vil- lage on a tricycle with a sixteenth-century tilting helmet on. They'd thiuk I was an escaped lunatic." " There's no other way I knows of," said the sexton, with the ghost of a grin, unless you was to walk ; but you might 'ave ray missus's shawl to wrap up your ?ead in." " It was all the fault of that impudent -minx," said Plantagenet. " I believe ou my soul she did it on purpose. I wish I knew who she is. I'd-" "Stranger iu these parts, sir," observed the sexton. " Drove over in Squire Fer- rer's dog-cart." " She said lier name was Bardolf," said Plantagenet, angrily, as if the name con- stituted au offence. " Oh, iudeed !" said tho sexton ; " then of course she was one of Lord Oldcastle's young ladies. I did 'ear as one of them was stoppiu' at the Park." Again the vizor fell over Plantagenet's face, but this time he had droppod it on purpose. His mind flew hastily back over the discussion with the young lady from Peckham, and he was glad to have some thiug to hide his blushes. 