FOOTBALL NOTES. BY MARKWELL. As was to be expected after the unusually wet week which preceded last Saturday all the football grounds were in a wretchedly sloppy state, and this circumstance tended in some measure to spoil the enjoyment of onlookers and participators alike. To so high a state of perfection, however, has the game been brought amongst us that in spite of the disad- vantage of playing in mud and slush, with a soddened, slimy ball, last Saturday's encounters were very far from being characterised by skilless plugging and ludicrous floundering about, such as would have been witnessed not very many years ago under similar conditions. Thus it was that in spite of all drawbacks the enormous crowd of spectators who watched the entragement between Essendon and Carlton at East Melbourne were favoured with an ex- ceedingly last and well-contested game, so fast indeed, and so keenly fought out from beginning to end, that interest, enthusiasm, and excitement were quite as high as they could have been had the day and the .ground been everything that could be de- sired. There was, to be sure, less handling of the ball than one is accustomed to see in a match between crack teams, but the absence of this feature from the play was compensated for by the adroitness shown in dribbling and kicking on the ground. Most of the men engaged evinced consummate ability in working the ball with their feet, and in this connection a hun- dred episodes occurred during the struggle that would hare been highly creditable to accomplished votaries of British Association football, in which game drib- bling plays a very prominent part. Excellent mark- ing and kicking were done by the members of both teams, and, though it appeared wonderful that it should be so, effective running with the ball was frequently to be seen. A glance at the detailed scores given below win convince those who were not present at the encounter of the evenness with which the opening term was contested, and it is only necessaty to state that Essendon's goal came first, from a remarkably fine punt kick by Mouritz, and that Moorhouse contri- buted Carlton's goal with the same style of kick from a shorter distance. This same Moorhouse dis- tinguished himself in a like manner in the seoond quarter, during which the dark blues displayed slightly better form than their opponents. Essendon came'with great dash after the interval, and Webb gained for them the equalising goal with one of the finest and most accurate place kicks ever seen on the ground. The ex-Tasmaman deserved all the praise bestowed upon him for this brilliant effort, as the distance was great and the angle from which he kicked a very acute one. During the re- mainder of the third quarter the red- and-blacks con- tinued to force the game, and Watson and others had chances of scoring, but failed to effect anything more tangible than behinds; whilst Carlton were com- pelled to act almost entirely on the defensive. The latter had their innings after the final change, and by massing their men forward succeeded in confining the play to Essendon's half of the ground until with in a couple of minutes of time, but their somewhat numerous opportunities of scoring proved unpro- ductive. Essendon finally, and for the first time in the quarter, managed to get the ball past the centre, whence it was rushed forward at lightning speed, and Carlton's posts having been left undefended a very smart running kick by Hall put up the third and winning goal for Essendon. There was, beyond a doubt, alarge element of luck in thus snatching out of the fire a game which a few seconds before looked almost a certainty for Carlton, who were having their own way in all save goal-kicking, and who, upon all round play from first to last were the better entitled to the victory. At best the game should have, been drawn, and that it was not was due most certainly to the fact that in their eagerness for a win the Carl- tonian back men failed to keep within a reasonable distance of the goal they had to defend. This was, however, the only mistake made during the game by the wily and accomplished Sutton, whose marking and general play were of the highest order. Coulson was associated with Sutton as a con- spicuous performer in defence of the Cariton citadel, and his brilliant and irresistible dashes, in which he bore down every obstacle, rendered him little leas than the best player on the ground. M'Owan, Hutchinson, P. Williams, and Walton likewise distinguished them- selves in tee. defence department, but .the last named was labouring under the painful disadvantage of an injured rib, which, to some extent, lessened his usefulness to his team; As. on the previous Saturday Simpson's great speed and his adroitness in manipulating the ball made him an exceedingly use- ful man on the right wing, though on this oocasion hUis friend, Bailey, on the opposite wing, did,-if. any thing, a shade more work on the whole. Up to this match match, the latter artistic little dodger had not exhibited - that cleverness In eluding adversaries which was characteristic of him during last and previous years, but on Saturday he was seen at his, best. Strickland's labours in the pcentre of the ground and Keane's, half-forward, were marked by vigour, pace, and efficency.The latter player, however, discounted his usefulness missing several possible, but not over-easy, chances of scor- ing. Roberts and Richardson both played magnifi- cent games, and the latter was particularly noticeable for the quickness with which he got through his opponents as well as for his smartness in giving and receiving little marks. Moorhouse, Spedding, M'Kechnle, and Currie followed in splendid style, and Batters, though less effective than against Gee- long, acquitted himself meritoriously all through the game. Webb was undoubtedly the most deserving Essendonian.as his play from first to last was faultless. The quality of work he executed, too, was prodigious, and his marking and kicking were superb Fornes, Mourits, Ball, Watson. and Wilmott all shone in or about the ruck, and Hall, Pearson, Christian, and Julien, in the order named, merit praise for their exhibitions forward. Crebbin, and Angwin did almost everything they were asked to do, and such was largely instrumental in the success of his side. A. Dick, Campbdl, and Finlay were a strong line of half- backs, and Officer, in their rear, filled in the Essendon team a position similar to that held by Sutton for Carlton, and filled it with as much ability as was displayed by the celebrated Carltonian. Furnell and Young were creditably associated with Officer right back. The task imposed upon Trait, the umpire, was a singularly difficult one, and, considering the state of the ground and taking into account the fact that the pumped-out fol- lowers gave way to fresh men at intervals, the famous umpire has to be congratulated upon having made the pace a snorter, whilst he at the same time carried out the duties of his office in a thoroughly satisfac- tory manner. Ten minutes after the start of the match he was covered with mud from head to foot, but he succeeded throughout in keeping his eyesight as well as liis judgment clear, and the law-breakers that did not come under his rigorous but impartial lash had to be particularly clever in hiding their delinquencies. Great interest centred in the game between South Melbourne and Geelong on the Corio Cricket-ground, and notwithstanding the unfavourable condition of the weather some 7,000 spectators were present on Saturdav afternoon. The play from first to last was thoroughly well contested, and both teams kept hard at work in ding-dong fashion throughout. South ap- peared to some advantage in the first quarter, during which M'Kay, whose form was particulaly good, bagged two goals and Burns one. Taking into ac- count the greasy state of the ball, the fact that these three goals were obtained from four actual chances was more than remarkable. Geelong's opportunities of scoring were about equal to their opponents, but Armstrong, Ryan, and others kicked very erratically, and the only tangible notch came from a well- directed shot by Jas. M'Shane. After changing ends the game was productive of really first-class football all round, in which charge and counter-charge alter- nated with brilliant ruck play. South, however, ex- hibited the greater skill in assisting one another, and the result of their superiority in this particular was that thev prevented the home team from sconng eveii a behind, whilst they were able to add to their own total a fourth goal, cleverly acquired by Kerr, and three behinds. During the third term both teams scored a goal, and the fastest play in the match was witnessed. So fast, indeed, it was that it left its impress upon the well-trained Southerners, who in the final tussle were barely able to prevent ment prevailed during the concluding 10 minutes of the match, whilst the visitors were compelled to act entirely upon the defensive, and the determined attacks of Baker, Parkin, the M'Shanes, and Green seemed to be about to be rewarded with success. Geelong's display towards the finish was equal in bril- liancy to the form they exhibited in the corres- ponding period of their match against Essendon, and to show how extremely hard-pushed their opponents were, it is only necessary to note that the latter were soundly rated by the crowd for what now and again looked like attempts to kill time. The bulk of the onlookers were, however, Geelong supporters, who heartily desired a win for their own side, and their demonstrations against the visitors' legitimate, though wily, tactics were perhaps more marked than there was occasion for. South have every reason to be satisfied with their narrow victory, and they do not require to be told that, all things considered, it was indeed an exceedingly close thing. Very high praise is due to Dunne, Elms, Powell, Doran, and Burns for their determined and resolute defence in the hour of direst need, and the last-named of the quintet has to be credited also with having in general play throughout the conflict shared with the accomplished M'Kay the highest honours of the match. Windley, Kerr, Todd, Page, M'Murray, Ellis, Graham, and Gibson, in their respective departments, likewise acquitted themselves in a way befitting their own and their club's great reputation. Geelong locked.the valuable aid of their fast and clever wing man, Wheatland, who was unable to take part in the match, and whose absence was & serious handicap to them. His position was occupied by Mullens, whose share in the day's labours was a very meritorious one, but whose sturdy efforts in de- fence of goal might have made all the difference to his side, had Wheatland not been away. Captain Parkin went through the game in splendid style .marking, kick- ing, and running with telling effect, and by his earnest ness and vigour rousing his followers to the perfor- mance of the most gallant feats. Green, Brunger, Pike, and Murray repelled many a ferocious assault upon their posts, and in the final rally Green further distinguished himself by securing a very welcome goal. Jo. M'Shane, Timms, Conway. Rankin, Moody, Baker, Houston, and Marmo also contri- buted largely to the more than oommendable exhi- bition of the Geelongites. Much dissatisfaction was expressed, prior to the commencement of the match, by Geelong supporters, concerning the ap- pointment Of H. Wilson as field umpire, and it is stated the club's delegates meditate an attack upon the sub-oommittee by whom the appointments are made. If it can be shown, which is more than doubtful, that Wilson's influence upon the game was detrimental to the interests of Geelong, the delegates will have a strong case. In the meantime It is due to the umpire to state that impartial spectators saw nothing in his actions throughout the contest to warrant a doubt of his impartiality. On the North Melbourne Reserve mud was, per- haps, as plentiful on Saturday as upon most grounds; nevertheless, the enoounter between the locals and a rather weak team from St Kilda, proved a tough and interesting one, and resulted in a tie. Each team put up 5 goals: but seeing that the visitors record incudes 10 behinds, as against the Northerners 3, it may safely be assumed that the former had a bit the best of matters all round. They undoubtedly bad their opponents under thorough control during the first half of the engagement, whilst running up their 4 goals 5 behinds to the latter's single behind, but after the interval the tables were turned in an unexpected and very remarkable way. North Mel- bourne started sooring almost as soon as play resumed, and five minutes before the close they had succeeded in overhauling the Saints, and in securing a fifth and leading goal. This advantage they strove hard to maintain to the end, and doubtless they would have succeeded in their efforts had not a very questionable mark in the ruck almost at the last moment given Abrahams the opportunity from which the equalising goal was obtained. Harper, Hicks, Bennett, Allard, and G. W. Wilson were absentees from St. Kilda's team, and their places were filled by A. Stooke, Gardiner, Lawrence, Ross, and Jennings, all of whom acquitted themselves ad- mirably. Stooke especially, made his presence in the team a benefit to lt by gaining a very clever goal from a scrimmage, as well as by the performance of numerous acts of a valiant description during the pro- gress of the game. Lockett captained St. Kilda, and showed no diminution of the skill he has frequently exhibited during this and previous seasons. The finest performances of the day were, however, those of Sykes and Robertson, who appeared to delight in showing their former associates thst they had not yet forgotten how to play the game. W. Smith, Forman, Abrahams, Taylor, Bourke, M*Coy, and Alf. Smith also deserve that their connection with the match should be duly noted. Amongst Hie Northerner, Rolent, forward and following; Alessio, forward; Lording and Williamson, on the wing; Bean, in the centre: Gibson, Tankard, and Lamley following; Carrol, roving: and Smith, Skinner, and H. Christian, back, played with great dash, especially after half- time Wet weather evidently does not suit FStero/s goal makers, otherwise their match with Melbourne on the M.C.C.-ground would have terminated in some thing more satisfactory to themselves, and more gratifying to their supporters, than a. draw. Ten be- hinds without a solitary goal was their disappointing record at half time, and it seemed like a Judgment upon them that when they did evince a disposition to score, very few opportunities were vouch- safed than. Their demerits detract nothing, how- ever, from the fine play of their opponents, who, with Fry and M'Raile, two of their most capable men, out of the team, were considered to have not a ghost of a show against the powerful maroons. The full scores, Melbourne 3-8, Fitzroy 3-11, suggest an exciting finish it was beyond a doubt. The 1,200 or 1,500 people present were fairly carried away by the keenness of the struggle, and though they were a mere handful compared with other foot- bail crowds, their heartiness compensated for their lack of numbers, and the lusty cheers with which they urged on the contestants increased in volume until in the end they made noise enough for an assemblage of 20 times their bulk. Rappiport, Banks, Ewing, Hickey, Cleary, Melling, Fribbs.and Leydin played sound games for Fitzroy, and Sheehan, Aitken Massey, Wilson, Wiseman, Toms, Ballett, and Christie were in the van for Melbourne. Port Melbourne made a very respectable start against Richmond on the Richmond ground, but they failed to keep their advantage. The locals by steady and determined plugging gradually wore them down, mid in the end had them soundly beaten. Richmond have to be congratulated upon the decisive chaiacter of their victory, which was due entirely to their superior play, more particularly in the second half, when they put 3 goals 5 behinds, whilst their adversaries; total remained unaltered. Daley, who was reported to have been seriously injured at Bal- larat the Saturday before, was in the team none the worse for his accident, and played a rattling game for the winners, for whom also O'Halloran, Shore Sparrow, Stewart, and Deane were prominent per- formers. O'Meara, as usual, eclipsed his club mates with his skilful efforts, and his ablest confreres were Worroll, Collings, Johnston, Kelleher, Flaherty, and Begg. Between Williamstown and Footsoroy there has existed for years a keen neighbourly rivalry on the football field, and a meeting between their repre- sentative teams is of greater moment to Townsmen and Citizens, respectively, than is the most important fixture on the season's programme. Hence it was not surprising to find many thousands of excited spectators at the Williamstown Cricket-ground on Saturday. It is pleasing, moreover, to note that the contest was worthy of the gathering, fought out as it was with ability and the greatest determination. Fast the play was and almost free from undue roughness, and at the same time as close as could be desired. Fortune favoured Williamstown, who were hailed victors by 2-7 to 1-7, and towards whose succcss Salt, Peters, Jones, and Griffen were the most meri- torious contributors. Carter, Williamson, Nicholls, and Sadlier were equally capable exponents in the ranks of Footscray. As was generally expected, Ballarat Imperial had a good deal to spare in their match with South Ballarat at the Eastern Oval on Saturday afternoon. The former's superiority was evident from the start, and it grew more and more marked as the game pro- gressed. Imperial's 8 goals and a like number of be- hinds was a great performance with a greasy ball. Four of the eight goals were notched by Taylor, and Wright, Feary, Hoskin, and Powell annexed one apiece. All the goal-makers were comraendably con- spicuous in other ways, and so also were Scarleet, M'Kenzie, Baker, Dawson, and Spear in the same team. South Ballarat's goals came from Yates and Lyons, who with Outtridge, Ellingsen, Quinn, Cleary, Kitts, Hart, and Moore spent themselves in earnest but unsuccessful efforts to stave off defeat. Jo. Shaw made a fast, strict, and impartial umpire. Norwood inflicted a second defeat upon South Ade- laide on Saturday last in a match which was princi- pally remarkable for the uncommon success that at- tended the efforts of the forwards in either team. The winners acquired 10 goals 7 behinds to the southerners' 6 goals 3 behinds. On Wednesday afternoon a strong team of public servants, including Banks, Hickey, Kerrigan, and M'Michael (of Fitzroy), Beggs and Simpson (of Carl- ton), Brown (of South Melbourne), and several other prominent senior players, met and defeated a powerful combination of capable men selected from the con- stabulary. The game was played in an exceedingly friendly spirit, and at times the form shown was really good. Up to half-time the scoring wax pretty even, but it was noticeable that the representatives of the service knew a deal too much for their oppo- nents, and no surprise was manifested when it.was seen that the second half was all in favour of the former. At the finish the scores were-Public Service, 14 goals 7 behinds, against 6 goals 3 behinds obtained by the members of the force. These figures indicate more than average skill on the part of the forwards in either team, and indeed some of the notches made by Brown and M'Michael in particular were the outcome of exceptionally fine kicking. It is understood that good as was the winning team it could have been materially strengthened by the inclusion of many capable juniors, and certainly those who chose the twenty would have been justified in selecting young Doney, of the Audit Office, a brother of the celebrated Ballarat man and a shining light in the North Park. The proceeds of the match, which judging from the attendance should be something considerable, will be devoted to a fund for inaugurating a brass band in connection with the police force. Of to-day's fixtures, the most attractive is that between Fitzroy and Geelong, at Fitzroy. The teams are fairly well matched, and Fitzroy is a fraction ahead on the premiership list, but Geelong'a ex- cellent performance against South Melbourne last Saturday, added to the fact that the match will pro- bably be played on a wet ground, has made the latter warm favourites, And, though the struggle will be a keen one, they should be in front at the finish. 