The Doctors Shook Their Heads. I would give a million dollars for a j stomach," said a wculthy American recentlyi Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, hut lie was not able to buy the article ! oven ut that price. J Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3 ToplarRow, Darlcy Abbey, noar Derby, is'not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he -was ready enough to give all he had for ono thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and lie shall tell I it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: "Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeaton, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful painB after eating, a had taste in my mouth, which would. fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yollowiah-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I hied at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted uivJe'dhort of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there'] for six months was very little better. I got so thin thut I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up* with me. For 18 months I kept getting better, then1 worse, and at last tho doctors recommended me j to try. a change of air. So I came to Darley I Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor I recommendation to the Derbysliire Infirmary, Derby. I found, howeyer, that all the b6ds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also'two doctors at Derby. Thb. firstone said, 4 You are in a galloping consumption, and must die' ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their ' heads., "Gettinga triflo better my old master allowed j me to do what little I could in his gardens and I grounds;' and some days I worked a little and I then would be away for a fewdays. Things went I on like this until December, 1888, whenlcaught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down [ completely. I was always coughing and spit ting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a tea cupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm- would choke me. -At. this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth wero dry and parched, audi often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongnowas like a piece" of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. 441 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, hut was so weak I had to take hold of tho. furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never lit ease, and got no Teal rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands— nothing hut skin and bone, and was so nervous I could not bear the least noiscj. and the chil dren at play quite npset me. . " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 41 can do you no good; I can only patch you up, because your longs are diseased.' Ithen gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of. Oue thing was a cough, cure from Bondon that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see mo said, '"Well, you won't'cough much longer, you have merely-to prepare for another world.' • ; 44 About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the j paper mills at Darlcy Abbey, said to me, 4 Tom, aid you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup?' and I told me how he had : been cured after being in tho hospital. He spoke so much in praise of I this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria | street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell I asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After | taking tho medicine* for tliree days my breath ing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, hut after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was^strong as ever as ever in ray life, and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to tho publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, hoad gardcuer, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with nil tho facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (as one of tho doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than tliree months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His. complaint was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, the diseased yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield, to that magnificent pre paration. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend tho facta of his caso to all thinking people. 