WHAT IS IT? T .ll . INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUlt WILL. "No, I do not believe in ghoete," said an old ltdy of grelt experience, " but I do believe in the ministratiol of spirits." This is not tho age nor the country in which tlhe supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical.. IHaunted houses are rented without great diffi culty, if the landlord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not do of oua own volition-the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards, then we wonder how we came to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are look. ing after. They believe in what they see, the "evidence of things not seen" is to berweighed in the future. When a man is sick, lie winta to get well; lie cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. 3ut if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire into his nmethods' of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmonlson, of Mel bourne, writes, 21st O:tober, to ol8:- 0-lsring the past sixteen years I ha so been ailing periodically from he serious sfvletionr of the kidneys, lrand in lattmer yedlus Thy comilaint became inore acute, d sothat I waet frequently seized with atubbige pains iln the back. I had often prolobngey headaches, the result of liver disorder. For yWars I thko usulfetred, and L would bring about a more seriots disease. Fiinally I tried the effecets of_ Wrner'e .afo cure, sad inot until then 'did 1 experience any amneloratinn in my coiiditlou. 'Thu use 6f thi medicine speedily wrought a crent change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note whatI Mr. iHenlry Warwick, of Lnsdale street, Melbourne, says:-" 30ts October, 1800.-For some y wars I l have been s dieerin from frequentg attacke of gravel, ofteso with unbearable tO u in the back and right side, asnd my dight si o:gans were also out of order.. In additioh I wag afflicted' with" congestioi of the liverand. periodical headaches of a severs nature. -My suffering was quickly removed when resorting. to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pails in the eight side,. caused, by tihe congestion of the liver, ceased,. while my kidnkeys were restored to healthy aenion." 