TH? REIGN OF BEAUTY, . CHAPTER IU. . ' Mits. Lbbtobelle olosed the floor and , came into .tbe room. The ,May day . had teen warn and bright, but tbe evenings were chilly ; and aBmall. clear .fire barned cheerfully in tbe polished steel . grate. Violet dragged c a low chair to the fender-side, and dropped rather; wearily into it. Ae she unwound the fleecy folds of her, dainty silken wrapper, the . firelight played on tne glittering jewelled Head, the gleaming .whiteness of the seek and arms, on the blended silk, and laae, apd flowers of the costly, dress, . and on the exquisite face, to which all . theBe were bat subservient accessories. As Ursula Trench— her mind , filled with thoughts of, the old homely life— watched her sister now, sbe thought, for the first time, that , a shadow bad dimmed the old buoyant brightness. : ' Tired, Vi ?' she said halfreproach fully. , ' Ton are really too reckless I Five entertainments in one day I If I were Charlie I would not allow it 1 V The brightness caiihe back in a flaBh io Violet Lestorelle's' face. ' Poor, dear Charlie, indeed I You _ \- must not blamb him, Ursula; he iB tbe greatest sufferer by the ' painful necessities of my position.' ' I don't know what ' positiou ' compels you to work yourself to death,'- says Ursula Trench, drily. ' Tbe position of' reigning beauty, j Lord Lancaster says it is aB necessary for me to show myself on every public occasion' as though 1 were an actual sovereign,' - The elder sister does not smile at the half-mockiug, half-serious words, j Tbe pale, plaiu face that contrasts so cruelly with ' Beauty's/' looks ? worn and troubled as she cays vehe mently: — ' Do not quote Lord 'Lancaster' to ? me, Violet. Speak y6ur:own' honest : thoughts, or Charlie's if you like,- but not a second edition bf that man's.' 1 Mrs.. Lestorelle looks up wonder 1 ingly in her sister's face. r As a rule Miss Trench plays the paft of a . shadow to perfection, rarely intruding more than a 'yes,' or an 'indeed.' upon tbe monologue recital of trials and triumphs that usually follows oue of Beauty's brilliant public appear ances. Tp-night, however, she. has bad the past and present Bide'by- aide ; the contrast fills her with a vague dis quiet and trust, and Lord Lancaster's name has fallen jarringly upon ber ear. ' Have yon had a pleasant evening, Vi ? ' 'Oh:l very ('—despite her astonish ment, Mrs. Lestorelle's pretty mouth is momentarily distorted by a por tentous yarn, but tbe question brings lier back to lively and Wakeful interest in the conversation — ' rather stiff you know, and terribly grand, bat on the whole enjoyable. Such fun, Ursula — her Royal Highness's dress was not quite the same colour, 'but cut exactly after that ecru velvet of .mine, the one I wore in my ' Balcony' photo. Lan ? caBter tVso quick, he pointed out the joke before we had been five minutes in tbe room.' «'.... 'Lancaster.' Urania's tbin.lipB pressed more tightly together at the sound, hut she made no comment ; and Violet rambled on, her blue eyes fixed upon the fire, .her happy thoughts recalling the incidents of the night. ; ' The Prince 'was charming, as he always , is, and so complimentary: My Prince was there too, very much given to flattery also, as fartas eyes go, but with not much more to . say for himself than the Dresden china divinity he looks like. All tbe ladies —there was nothing nndeir a Countess there, UrBula — hated me mortally of course ; but they had to swallow tbeir feelings and be civil. Altogether it was splendid.' ' ? . , ' Did Charlie enjoy himself too ?' ' Charlie 1 ' — roused ., from ber pleasant dreams, Violet echoed the word with ,i- droll little look of. snr-. prised recollection.— 'Weill really I do not know, I hardly saw 'him in the evening, and was fast . asleep nil the time we were .driving home, On the whole I do. not think Charlie much enjoy s any grand gatherings.' . ' Nor.dpI,' said UrsuIa, gravo)y. 'On the whole, Violet, doyou not think Ch arlie was muoh happier before yon were a Beauty ?' v L v .. . Mrs.' Lestorelle shook her golden head scornfully. ' Before he saw mp, do you mean.? I was always a beauty to him.' . , ; .. :? 'Before Lord .Lancaster discovered you and made you famous. Violet, dear, would you like: to hear , how I. ; passed my evening ?' Oh jt: yes, certainly,' jsaid Violet,. 8tiflinga|incipientyawn':''t^.0Ui?')'^ i don't :ep])p,08£ yirar adventures have. ..been very exciting,'. : v --, ''FjrstXsatwith little JVjoJettill she ''v.-':' j ; Aeypual ways do, you good, pa tient Urania*' 'murmured /Jipr, sister, ! -, arable was toleadap-to. * . - ? ' ? '? ' Aslalwaysdoiandas- sbealways ? : doas, she flent.lier good-night kisB to , papa'and mamma.' ' Dear little soul j 'i'lMrs: '.Lestorelle interrupted, 'ebogrowe prettior every day, does flhe not 5, Ab l «he will be . tbe beaqty of the. reason in .some fif-\ teen yea^1to.,pp'tnp,' .j.^ 'VHeaye^: forbidj'' siid 1 'Ursula 'Trenoh ;#p, fervently ,tb^t :ih?r.: :Bister: looked ^ laer wiJih,,a;petuU»t kind of ?wondeh.-j-. 1..1, I dpnft und?ristan4jyfflur ways at all, Ursula.' Didyoufeeyehing'.B, occu- pations 'end here, .or1did yon by. flny., , chance comeacross a ghost ?' Ursula Trenchkuelt.downby her sister's ojiaji;, restipgone elbow on ita; ; quilted, satip , arm, and watching,, tbB ? fair discontented face on wbioh the . firelight-played., l, , ; '/.? -.1; 'linypkedp ghpst, dear.aighost, who came rpadily,«t my callr-a ghost , I find itr; imposfible -to , iayn: ,The . ghost of. memory, of our old childish ' days.'' ...-j .0, ? ' Indeed ; jvhat oonjnratiope did you . .use?' J;;.:;: : , ? . 'Very .simple on$B, hut, potent ; Miongh.jil^syftbepn wftding.-my olS thing B&tf; ? Violet ifith .oopiioal ma-;; j obi. , ' ' ' TeB, and when' you came in I was jUBt finishing my unpropb6tic iacoount ' of our first meeting with -Charlie and Sir Harry Severne.' . ' Oh 1 Ursula, yod' must let mi : .read that'too,' it would be awful fun,' if you havo'desoribedit anything' like properly.1 Never, never, if1! live to be the very oldest inhabitant, - will I iforget .the 'awe and detestation in which yoa'held tliose - miserable tneh 1 just teoause; whien first we jbeheld them, my skirts were , not quite 'the Orthodox length ; you mtast'have been .'a predestined old maid,- dekr, or you never' would beeta bo particular.' 'Probably,'' acquiesoed Mies Trenob, too busily bcoupied iu tbe graver thoughts the old memories had stirred in her to'resent, or even heed her sister's polite speeoh. ' Do lend me that book, dear,' Violet went on, coaxingly ; and taking Ursula's thin straight hand in her own jewelled fingers. ''I know, yon dear unenvious thing, you have kept -a ' faithful record of all my trinmpbs, from my -first 'prentice work in the oonqueBt of Sir Harry, sind: dear old Charlie— to the iast ib- — ' The atten tiona.-of Lord LancaB ter. No', Violet, I will not 'lend' 'you my book/ It is my -other conscience, my only confidante, -nd there are entries there you might not care to see.' Something in the dry, hard tone — tear-suggesting, but auytbing but tearful— roused Mrs. Lestorelle's at tention. She looked almost anxi ously in the pale, tired face at her side, and gave the hand she held a patronising squeeze: . ' Well, don't be cross, and don't ex cite yourself, Madam Wisdom. For tunately, I need not look at home for flattery, bo I shall not pray for a peep at the sealed volume. Now go to bed, there's a good girl, and don't go grubbing any more among the ashes of tho paBt.' ,. She pressed a kiss, so warm aud friendly, tbat the troubled girl could find no fault with it, on Ursula's uplifted faoe, and roce to her feet, gracefnl, sunny, self-possesBed as ever — wholly unruffled by her lister's wordB or manner, and 'beautiful ex ceedingly.' . ' Just look at the state I am iu ' — holding up a long dropping tress of hair that glittered like veritable gold in the flrelight. — ' Cresceucy. will be an hour brushing me, and it is paBt two now. What a time von have kept me, when I expected to find you in bed 1 Why, Ursula, it is you who lead me into all kinds of dissipation. Now,, for tbe last time, — Good night 1 ' Drawing her fleecy wrapper round her with a pretty, graceful shiver — every motion and gesture of the Beauty's was ' graceful ' and pretty, at least, so her adorers told he.' — Mrs. Lestorelle left.tho room, and left Miss. Trench to her own meditations. Suf , ficiently gloomy and irritating these latter : were. Prominent iu Ursula's thoughts was tbe .consciousness tbat lor the twentieth time she had made a blundering and wholly unsuccessful attempt ti make plain to her -sister'* comprehension some of tbe doubts tbat, beset herself. To rouse her from the dangerous dream of vanity and con quest iu which her every sense was he iug gradually absorbed. That the tie of . sisterly affection , once so stroug between the two.orpban girls, should loosen now, was, Ursula . thought, natural enough; but. that Violet, in toxicated by admiration, and en amoured of tbat new, grand world, into which her vyorsbippers had gradually dragged her, should float farther and farther away from whole some home interests, out . ou tbe sparkling summer sea of frivolity and fashion — should cease to be a com panion to her husband, or play a mother'^ part to her child — this indeed, was a sadder, stranger, and far more perilous thing. ' Why cannot I make her see the danger, the shipwreck, I foresee,' Miss Trench thought passionately ; ' and ? Charlie, - too i — bis love, . and simplicity blind him as completely as ber childish vanity blinds lior. Some . day, However, Jiis eyes will-, open—,, some ; day he will see through the polite sneers of hiB great friends, and learn the. estimation in , which ' Beauty's Lord ' is held by them ; and ?, then, oh ! my poor Violet, how will, yon answer tho - words .with, which, however bitter his own jBelf-reproaoh, ! he .will , have the; right to reproaoh you?' , - . Not! for the first time the pillow of Ursula .Trenoh , was . moistened with ? her tears ; not for the' first time , ber sleep waB troubled with yagui'ly. menacing dreams , that night, awhile the objeot of her foreboding terrors 8lept.tUe: light, and peaceful slumber - ofa weary child. ; . - , ; As pxsiila. . had .said in epn&denpe; to her diary, '.'the part of '-'Beauty's sister,', — the part;, slie had , played onf ipXfiil.,, Tbe'yjoke,.whiph,\aftir jthe;jppip1i'|^t:j wljiclii''^rsuja'fl ^roppedi- may.i'ie'brieflyao told. . ;The real action of 'Violet .Les |qrellets^jfe-|)jp^menbedjj!jt^ to be, sVexcitingj.an^i e'ventfjil, When , Ure^ila;TrenohJfelt-;that,li^rc aj)d perpleutiesliegap wj&n;|irs/Chevepij( jntrodpceajber hephew and liia friend to the |iuratB'B'two daughters, . ^rom'.j:j^ip|ji-t'-h(tjU' jmpmpnt Charley ' Leptorelle's doom, at,lea8t|i7?aa sealed, j He .had;, thought, thB gol^-crowned vieion ms.ing jffp^i^ the sea', as fk vision, a^dUmpst a'Cunr^^S^.i lost i his iiiMtA^'onpe^nd fpriyeii''^ the faded nbbbnB, ! heavy bopts.' jand, Chevenix's .patronage, and: ; -walked with her .Vept* njid careworn . jTatiipi;,^ her plain .and dowdy, sister. inrougjj the sunny! irregular, village . jairee^ ' ' though she - were, a «^el.eBS ..£OU||g{ qiieeii, w^p'djs^aippd ^lie 'diie .^pput tenances bfh'er.fltate. ! , : The young! men 'pbfited.,hy v^he^.; introdwUpn so 'as' to Mr. Trenoh and bis two daughters to the gate ' of tbe' little parsonage:' Many arid many an envioiis 'look did Mr. Lestorelle,' walking demurely with'tbecurate, and eBsaying valiantly to make small talk for the nnhelp- ' ful Ursula, steal at his bolder and luokier friend, who, by a prompt strategic movement, 'had ssenred' the lovely. Violet as ' a oompauion, and ' was now chatting with her in tlie' gaybEt faehiop. causiiig her every now' and' then to ' break , into little trills! bf -clear silvery laughter that fired the listener's heart witlra feeling that jWaa. almost pain. Though they had not exchanged two sentenons, the glamour of love-fevor liad blinded the young man to all other things when the enchantress placed the shabby gloved hand witbin his palm witb a graciouB gesture of farewell. His only ^wonder afferwar'ds was that be did not madly squeeze and kiss it, or in some other wav inako himself Bupremdy happy and ridicnlous. He did nor, bowevor, and Violet was, as yet, too unused to the con quest to gne.BB at the commotion her blue : eyes bad . caused. So Bhe sat , placidly eating tbe cold roast beef and potatoes, tbe oold Btewed gooseberries and clotted cream, of the early clerical dinner, witb a vigorous youthful appetite, untronbled by even tbe vaguest notion that a great ohauge in her existence was at band ; that even while she wheedled 'bor economical sister out of a second plateful of the fresh green fruit aud thick golden oream, a man was swearing to him self to lay hand, heart, and fortune at her feet, to love her, her only and unalterably, nntil his life's end. Sir Harry Severne was uot long in master ing the secret of his transparent friend. Long before the . two had reached Chevenix ObaBe he linew that Charles Lestorelle's heart had- gone out of his keepipg, and that if she chose, the shabby parsonage Beauty might be . come, the wife of a.man who, if not exactly- a millionaire, was at least wealthy, enough to -make the in , pecunious Sir Harry very loth to resign the comfortuble and uot un lucrative post of guide, philospher, and friend, which he had now occupied for. more than a year. Personal ex perience had rather taught the baronet to look upon such feverish first fancies as these aB mere flashes in the pan, damaging no one, and in no way dangerous. He had had. dozens -of them, in his owu ealad days, bad seen bis pupils through hundreds, and in. no oase had tbe result been disastrous. Here; however, be fslt more uncom fortable. ' Rather a case of mule, I'm' fraid,' he thought . glancing side ways at the flashed, boyish face, and recalling Boveral contra dictory instances ;in which Charles Lestorelle's good- natnred weakness had turned suddenly to strength, in which his will, ouce aroused, had borne dawn all obstacles, and asserted itself triumphantly against all odds. The next day, and the next, con firmed his forebodings, and plunged Charles Lestorelle deeper aud deeper in love. Sir Harry mijgbt form bis. quiet dexterouB plan to draw bis yonng TeleinachUB away from tbe too potent attractions of the quiet fishing village, might plead his own weariness of. Sleepy Hollow, and try to rouge the other's interest by vivid sketches of the brilliant outer world; but he pleadbd, planned, and tried in vain. A charm the outer world ; could never hold,; a spell he neither could nor wished to break, entliralled the young yachtsman, and kept the pretty Clio idle iu the little harbour, while the spring verdure of tlie trees took a deeper,, fuller hue, , while tbo rosy ! tinted sea ebbed and flowed upou a hotter stretch of aand, and tbe, burn ing glory of Jane replaced the fresh aud fragrant promise of tbe vanished May.; ' It's a lost battle^ I fear,' said.. Sir Harry, gnawing bis biack moiistaohe moodily, as he stood in , tbe little parsonage garden, that, was sweet with all the dear old-fashioned scents, the perfume .of. tlie roses, and stocks, and gillyflowers, that grew in wild luxuriance all around, but that to him iu bis present mood seemed a very den of abomination. 'The little minx has him sure enongh. Six days out of the last seven .lie has spent with her, and to^morrow we are to go out iu the 'Clio.1 .I'd better give up with, a good grace — unless, indeed, I cut him'o.ut.' .By George. I wonder iti/iat wonld pay ? ' Hej looks, a gentlemanly! modern Mephj8topbel.es, attired in cool tweed j garments of faulllass hue.andcut.jisho turns his dark brilliant eyes upon the pair ^vho stands amppg tho roses -at .4,110 .gardenrgato ;. anil.as lie. loo]{s '-Jiis; , , well-trained heart .'gives a . jetid^en; leap; I and ^iipht, burns , jn his ispn-KusedJ obeek. ' Fof honest Faust ^opks, woe-, , jbegon'e auddisaial, and jthereis inore Vmaryj^otis,,! mockery ; than , perilous, 'senjtimp'nt in;tiie face that js fresh, and ifaitjas tlie flp.vvers it. is framed in, the 'face' ipfA ibV. eliui ' goldeu-haired SCargdoiHte. .JTJie violet eyes'imeet his' 1 'in^fiir|ri^: look,;. fl.nil,j, or., liis . -aigfht.J 'deceives him, 'flash back a. paiicy and . , trinVpwiaplL^p ii , ' . , , v-.. 3o*o1y; -;js[l»e ;,is!l' ~.lia^-,saya^. 7fbried! i'nt?. tardy and reluotantadmira ! tion; I ' Tbe^atne would be' wortli the capdle, .even, if .there ^jre apt .i'liat ;yp^j|g' bp£by; '.fo' saive. , It, would be litSeJ flirt a beart- ache'v^^ If ^it!iB:'tb. bn * dpifej IHl dp iji ^Pp-mprrow , jshall Bpa; ' mb'i)irolled':in'the lisf 'of Misa Viblet'e adbeprs.' . ..... '. . V.'.V, ! Up ! is 'as good as 'his word,. . By, ] imp3foepljbIe and .delicate ..degrees lie passes from tlie. antagonistic bud critioaj, attitude lib has hitherto , held, {to one of. chivalric and pro nouhced . admira'tioii. Violet . has .two f shadp ws, no vjj 'her -life is a tyfimpli'aut 1 !,! ojeipHr ftj|?d 'ftip Strpphe ' aud .nijti-strppli&' ' chorus of., la'nda'tib'n rwbichlher Adorers continnally obaut.. U^iiiq. !is Ijje^ildeFei and balffrigb 'Sald'itp ;J,fre ,ciiiid!a heart.' But ;that l',o)rtld '^takds tho positiph its ea'sUy as tliougli .she had been ! worshipped' jfrbin hur cradle, atid metes out lieir Jfi'Voriryi wiiu a well-balanced cpquet fplK^jnBtiee: iter'1 miisM iiuie^esl'pd lovsrla. serdiot, 'that. '* 'jDigr bjr day Sir Hitry growV more .?H'- satisfied with the poBi^ion. Day by day Charles Lestorelle's honeBt heart feela a keenor^gnawing.'pkin be has' not hiB mentor's comfortable belief in the potency of his: owni' attractions. He is too honeBtly and deeply in love not to think his idol .ajmoet beyoud his reach, and a deep .'despondency -falls on him when' Sir 'Hairy enters , tho lists as aii avowed, rival; That lie ia riob, aud his friend a gentle manly pauper, does not' Mis to him to matter much ; girls arb proverbially, romantic, especially little village girls like' thiB, and she will contrast, not the full purse and the empty, but the handsome face, the easy manners, and facile Bpeech of the all-conquering Sir Harry, with liis own homely looks, and often-halting utterance. Still there is a manly strength, that oftentimes verges on obstinacy, in Charles Lestorelle's character; he was first in tbe field, he will giva up no smallest chanoe that may yet be his. He will ask . bis plaiu question, and take the vital ' jes' or ' No ' from Violet's own red lips. He asks it. and with astonnding and deliriouB 'result. 1 The opportunity serves one bright June day, when Sir Harry has most reluctantly obeyed an urgent business summons to London.- His absence is a brief one ; but the anxious absentee cliafeB through its every sun-lit hour, and hastens, by every possible means in his power, the minute of his returu. As his train dashes into the little gardon-like station, he sees Charles Lestorelle on the platform, looking so ridiculously happy, that the heart of tbe returned guardian sinks down into his small, well- poliehed hoots. ' Oh Lord I' be groans inwardly, as tbe two drove on through the soft summer dask,, to Chevenix Chase; ' it's all lost, I suppose, and I must make the best of it. Woll 1 what is it, Charlie 1 That portentous sigh means some thing or other— speak out, mau.' ' You admire Violet Trench, I .know, Severne.' Sir Harry fingers his dark moustache thoughtfully, and his dark browB are drawn together as be says. 'Well, yes; I don't mind admit ting that she is. a moat lovely girl. Indeed I ? ' 'Don't say any more, Severne,'- snvs Charlie, his honest face flnBhing wilh the genuine emotion he is^not .man of the world enough to suppress ; ' at least, say only that you congratu late me. Violet has promised to be my wife.' There was nothing unexpected in tbe news ; but Sir Harry could hardly take it with tbe perfect calm he would have chosen to display,' though after a signifioant momentary pause, his con gratulatory speech was suave and smooth enough. But even Charlie's unsuspicious ear detected tbe hollow ring of tbe set phrase; and out of his own overflowing happiuesB he be stowed upon bis disappointed friend a generous measure of compassion. ' Poor fellow, he's awfully hard hit,' he thought, with a stealthy side look at tbe handsome clear out profile; looking 'very hard and stern just now ; but in his thoughts there never entered a suspicion tbat tbe ' hit ' entailed any pangs -less heroio than those, of disappointed love. And so tbe idyllic love-tale came to an idyllia end. There followed a pretty period of courtship among tbo ferns and roses down by the sun-lit sea. A period as brief as sweet, for Charles Lestorelle, ardent, impetuous, wealthy, and his own master, pleaded for an early date, and Mr. Trench, conscious of failing health and straitened means, was too well pleased to . insist upon delay, and so the old grey cburoh was decked with flowerR and filled with all tho ourious gazers of the place; the triumphal strains of tbe Wedding March floated out above tbo murmuring muBio of tho sea, and witb her father's tremulous yoice speaking the benedictory words, aud her sister as ber only bridesmaid, Violet Trench knelt down with the August-sunlight slanting on her white veiled golden head, aud white-robed girlish form, aud rode ( up Charles Lestorelle's wedded wife: . CHAPrEB IV. ,. 'Isay, Vi, guess, three times if. ypu like, the name of a man I met at the club last night, an old friond of yours,,?' The speaker is Charles Lestorelle, the.timo eleven a.m., the plaoe the breakfast-table, at the bead of which Ursula . Trench, in the neatest of frjlled morning dresBe.s, the most spotless of collars and cuffs, sits i'rrp ,proacnably erect, dispensing, tea aul coffee to Jber indolent .cojnpauions. :8be. jherseif. has breakfasted long, since,' lias , taken her toa. and toast !whe'n; little i Vjolet, prattled . .merrijy over, her bread aud mil k ,; but . tliia ,i8 a duty she always. fulfils, .thpugli half conBcious. all the time .that her pale .face shines across the ohina and silver, she deals, with in i-eproachfal prptost against the wasted time,. O/ten aud often slip scolds, herself for,, tlie sour, severq expreasion she alone, detects on her priih .. features ,: . ' but slie might spare -herself, the trouble— neither of -those jshe wfitp on think her anything but charmingly useful. , : . V Viojet , look- up from Her abb-chair at her, husband's , words.' . She has a ' SociBtj Joiiroal' j b her hands, .and j iB. contemplating; with a uot altogether j pleasant ..atten tio n ; . ' a . C.raypn ske tb^ , 1 pn .dainty '.' tinted , .pi-ppr,',' of ; her :'pwn 1 faj^fealnrps. j^The §o^ery 'verses ap- J pended she hasaltimm.e^ thrbugli at n thpug(i 'fam(liar enough, ha® not, even y^t palled upon ber mental palate ;' so though forehead, as ^lie says, half- laugliingly, I .b^g.pardpn, Charlie; I .wasn't! qiiitp listepiug . I tliiril!, but this wretphed paper' piitB hie in a fix: My piqturb is a paricature — quite shock ing I . but then tbp verses flatter me so .pretf.iljylcau Tiardlv icomplain.. What did you say, dpp.r ? .Soiiio'one I know ? Dear me. I , knqw half the world ' I , think I Obuldp't ypu tell ? It is ^nuch ' too 1 (farm fpr'-gveBsjug.' ,. ' 'b^t you didn't. knon;.haif the world jtheu^' Said . CJiarlie, attaoking !,a pigepn-pie with. a ^igbronS ' appetite, aud.Bpeakiqg';with,» hearty interest Xlfjfi ? contrasts *,'pd9.ly ; .Jhis':'*'ife'i 15 M^erenoeS . T'^iiii .'weren'ti. »' reigning beauty in his time, tnadame Vi.' : Ursula looks sharply up from her teapot,, a sudden interest in her brightening' face. ? ' ' Is it Sir Harry Severne, Charley ?' Her brother-in-law gives her an admiring glanoe. ' You 'are' ii clever girl, Ursula ; how did 'yon manago to gueBs that? Severne it was; and he is coming to day.' ' Dear' me,' - Bays Mrs. Lestorelle; 'with a faint thrill bf interest in lur low muBical voioe, though her eyes still rest oh the Objectionable picture ; ' only fanoy : hiB turning up after all these years. Where has he been, Charlie ?' . ' Oh, scampering about all over the face of the world, I imagine. Ho had young Plutus Coyuo, the great ootton man's son, in tow for three or four years, and their yaoht was known pretty well from the North Pole to the Pyramids; but Plutus haB ' married lately, aud Mrs. Plutus doesn't. like yachting, or Severne either I fancy, bo tbat connection 's cot; and poor Harry, with no work on his hands, has drifted back to clubland again. Awfully well bo looks tot, not an onnae of extra floBlr, and as brown as a berry.' ' Is be aB handsome as evor ?' Charlie's mouth is over-full for answering ; but his eyes round 111 amazement. ' Well,' he says, after a portentous gulp, ' I never thought of looking ; I suppose he's all right iu that way ; he's very jolly I know, and rattles on no end. He waB very curious about you too.' ' About me, in what way ?' ' Why, you see, ho heard of your celebrity even at the antipodeB, and wauled to know how onr little Devon shire girl became transformed into a reigning beauty.' ' A pity I10 had nothing else to talk about 1' interrupted Ursula, sourly. Miss Trench so seldom interfered iu couverantion not addressed to her, that hath her companions favoured her with an astonished stare. See ing this, she coloured slightly, uud volunteered a not too lucid explana tion. ' I mean, if I were Vi, I should be so tired of this everlasting talk about her ' beauty' and her 1 cele brity.' After all she is not an actress, or an aquarium Zulu, that her name should be piade publio property in this fashion 1' Amusement and pity mingle sweetly in the smile Mrs. Lestorelle vouch safes as her sole answer to the Bister 1 who so little understands the dignity and responsibility of her position. To her husband she says with unusual energy ? 'Whenever Sir Harry comes, Charley, I shall lie more than pleased to see him. I have met no one bo umusiug as he.' ' Nor I,' agreos Charley, heartily. ' Dear old boy, it will seem like old times revived to have him back again.' And Ursula bending over her tea cups# mindful of her first mistake, sayB nothing at all; but to her mor bidly mistrustful vision tho horizon seems none the clearer becauso Sir Harry. Severne has appeared upon tbe scone. He appears bodily not long after, this, and his manner to hia friend's wife is as perfect in itB way as every thing appertaining to Sir Harry some how manages to be. There is tbe affectionate greeting of the unfor gotten girl-friend, the delicate recog nition uf the reigning beauty, and just the faintest suggestion of quelled memories and crushed regrets, that must at any cost be hidden from the loyal wife by the loyal friend. All those Violet,, blushing aB she has almoBt forgotten how to blush, reads in the handsome face that bends above ber, while Charlie beamB be nevolently on the scene, and thinks how nice it. is to have his friend again. Lord Lancaster, who is also present at - the. interview, hardly regards it with the same unprejudiced eyes, and mentally sets down ' Beauty's Lord ' as even a greater fool than be had hitherto thought him, which, consider ing his not exaggerated estimate of poor Charlie, may be pronounced rather a difficult feat. The innooent object of disparagement, however, rattles on quito at hiB ease, and bliss fully unconsoiouB of tbe judgment that condemns him. ' It's such a relief to have Severne back again, and Vi seems as pleased as I. which is a blessing, as we don't always agree in our choice , of frieiids.' ' No I'. says Lord Lancaster dubi ously, as jiis dark , eyes reBt rather iapxiously 00 the picturesque pair in , the' fern- filled window— Violet . radi- '/antly lovely- in the ethereal- blue of her. dainty tea-gosvu and coquettish mob-cap, leaning, back iu ber low quiltod:Batiu . chair, and turning, tho laiigliing light of her violet eyes upon the'mau .who had -usurped: his place beside her ; ' Mrs. LeBtorelle and Severne wero, 1 conclude, uld friendB ?' .. . . . . ' Oh, Lord, yes I' says, the frank Charlie,' too absorbed jn his, occupa tion of setting Violet's ; two Ichief. pets a toy-terrier of miraculous dwarfish-: ness !and a Persian kitten, which concealed a small body spmewbere. in the midst of ,a foreBt of snow-white r hair—fighting, to notice the Bignificant change in - ...his companion's., well trained face. . As old as .the bills— qriieti Tottles — that is to say. she 'knewhjm, before she waB married ; in fact, jwe made her acquaintance to getber.'. ! ? Lord Lancaster doeB 'not , pursue the subject, .though ;it is. by no means . bafiished from his thoughts;;, and as Utanla'. at' tliis moment enters with, little Violet, the 'teles-a-Ute are broken lip, and conversation becomes general. The child, n small golden-haired fairy — whose dainty beauty is Bet off by all tbe quaint artistic prettiness of modern . child-costume — obeys , her mother's call, with shy docility; fl,nd comes forward to be presented, to Sir - Harry. Ihe deep, blue eyes upraised for the visitor's inspection, are. a . fac-simiij) . of thojsp .pn . wjiich be ; h as ' Jb een ([«iMng ' with ardeut ad- . mitetionjfpr^Le ' ^st'^ ; but . ; 'h'e'wastes ho hiore th^n ualf a minute' n^on 'Sir a reidi ; and innate disliko to children, though ou ocoaaion ho cau cultivate thorn assiduously, as be essays to cultivate Mits Lestorelle now. But the little lady will none of him ; a few minutes sho lingers an unwilling captive by her mother's clmir, then she slips off and finds her glad way to her father's ' knee, and' settling down oontentedly there, prattles away with unroserved delight. Ursula Trench watches tho group — tbo simple unsuspicious hasband, tho vain spoiled wife, and tho two dubious outsiders— with ourionBly anxions eyes. The child's Bignificant choioo between her parents, noticed now — but not for the firBt timo — is a trouble to the anxious Bister ; iu whom, celibate foredoomod though sho knows herself to be, the maternal instinct is keen and strong. If only Violet would show Homo jealousy o[ that strong preference, Ursula would be more at her ease. But no; bo long as the child is pretty, prettily dressed, aud forms a graceful adjunct to her drawing-room, Violet is more than content ; holding licrBelf a model mother, and blessed according to her deserts. Sometimes, indeed, tho elder sister vontures to remind (lie younger, how thuir mother had cared for the 111, and worn out ber fragile life in that all-engrossing, nover ending care. But tbo reminder serves no purpose, for ' Beauty ' only shrugs her graceful shoulders, and hnlfyawu iugly pities ' poor dear mamma, auch a protty girl as sho must have been too,' she says, wilh reminiscent ad miration ; ' very like me, I think — poor dear, fancy wasting buoIi eyes and hair as hers down in a country parsonage. I wonder if Bhe ever knew how tho ' possibilities ' of ber llfo wero wasted.' ' Nevor,' said Ursula stonily ; 'she was content to bo a good wife and mother, aud nevor dreamed of tho glory of the photographer's window. Yes, Violet, you may be angry if you can. Ob, my dear, I wish it woio easier to rouee you to bucIi anger as tbat wrotobed jargon rouses in me.' Mrs. LeBtorelle laughed, not quite so lightly as usual ; in spite of herself, tbe passionate scorn with which Ur sula deprecated tho idea of the ' photo grapher's window ' for her doad mother's faco had stuug and wounded her. She had thought her sovereignty a thing which all women wonld covet. Yet Ursula spoke of it as as a desecra tion lo the memory ot the dead. It was woll for the roBtoration of Beauty's equanimity that her sister's exhorta tion was succeeded by a loug discussion with her milliner, and tho production of a costume so exquisitely artistic aud becoming that a new made widow 1 mint, needs bave dried ber tears at the sight. And whilo she wooed back poaoe to her perturbed bosom, Sir Harry Severne was busily implauting tho seeds of what promised, iu the fulnets of time, to bo an abundaut harvest of thorns in her husband's unsuspi cious heart. The two men bad taken up the thread of their dropped inter course, apparently jnBt at the point where tbe younger man's marriage hud interrupted it. Sir Harry, who saw himself for the nonce, a Montor with no Telmacbus in tow, was moro than anxious to resume the old relations ; and Charlie, warm-hearted and readily responsive to all claims upon his affec tion, bored too by tho society into wbioh bis brilliant wifo had dragged him, aud remorsefully conscious that he had come between liis friond and what he thought was a sincere and disinterested love, met him more than half-way. Charlie had a thousand things to tell, tho old habit of confession grow ing strongly upon him as he spoke, aud Sir Harry was the best, the most attentive of listeners. He had his own reasonB for wishing a thorough acquaintance with his friends mitaage before taking up the placo of ruling spirit, and no way, bo knew by long -experience, was better than the simple one of leaving his garrulous junior to run on at his own sweet will. So the conversation was for tho most part a monologue, only interrupted now and then by a careless, guiding question. But the dark eyes that shone through the light wreaths of smoko that rose from tbe scented cigarette, and curled gracefully round Sir Harry's shapely dark head were as keenly, watchful as though their owner listened to state secrets of deepest interest. Aud yet the story Charles Lestorelle bad to tell was simple enough in all its. de tails, the plain story of a sufficiently, happy married life of fiveyears' dura tion.1 ' Sufficiently,' no more. Sr. Harry's keenly critical-ear doteoted a something, of wbioh the speaker him self was barely conscious, in the fluent words. Not a. complaint I , Charlie's lovo and. pride in his beautiful wife, were . unmistakably -.genuine ; bat - a dim, half-felt sense, of something lack ing iu his house that made it Iobs than home should he to the home- loving, man.1 This was . the listener's first carefully noted discovery. TliiB second', led up to by a .leading question of his own, was that no single suspicion of .uneasy doubt, born of MrS. Leatrolle'fl fashionable celebrity, bad crossed Charlie's loyal. and simple mind. That the fresh girlish loveli ness that, had dazzled him long since in the Devonshire, village. should in itq maturer charm, .take,, the ; larger wor)d by 8toF,m,,,spome,d ;to him too natural. a thing to waste^ppe, wander? ing thought upon. .Personally he : might regret the calmer days, the, sweet1 untroubled ..hours of homely poaceiand comfort* that dazzling cele; brily bad swallowed up and. destroyed ; ? but bie thought. no more of blaming than of .doubting her, and be doubted her as little as be doubted tbe blue- : neBS of the May-day sky, or the little, blue-eyed child who was the apple of his eye .and the idol, of bis heart. ' How long have you known Lord Lancaster ? ' says Sir Harry, lazily, in between the puffs of his oigarette. ' He wasn't one of your set when I.. leftEngland.' , .. 'No,' says Charlie, laughing, 'and -even liow he is more in Vi's. set than mine.: We met him : on our:;lioney moon.trip, in Florence. We stayed there a couple of mppths. yoa know,: , iandahiB Bister, Lady Mostyn, literally xavbd lathi's, -beauty, and never rested , tillake'dbrpjight him- joyer now beauty ' as she called ber. I did not much caro for ber ravings, nor indeed for herself. -Sho seemed a fantastical foolish old creature,' added .. the candid Charlie. 'Do. yodkpow her, Soverne ? ' ' Do 1 know tbe tenth Muee, do I know the most rosthetio, the fastest, the most devout, the most ecceotrio, the most hrainlosB, the vainest, the most, capricious of fashionable fine ladios 1 yes, Clmrlio, 1 know Lucretia Mostyn to the heart's oore ; and I trust as little as I know her. Are she aud Mrs. LeBtorelle friends still ? ' ' Oh I Lord, no.' Charlie knocked the ashes from his pipe, and laughed as at some amusing reminisoenoe. 'They quarrelled tromondously in Vi's first season. Lady Mostyu had found a now beauty — a girl with brows liliu blacking brushes, and eyes like live coals, a black frizzly head, and a primrose-coloured Bkio. However, to go back to tbe beginning, ' my lady' was tremondously gushing ; and sho aud Violet becamo as muoh like sis ters as the twenty or thirty years' difference betwoon them— which my lady at loaBt ignored completely — would permit.' ' And Lord Lanoastar became a brother, 1 supppso ?' . ' Woll, hardly that ; he ndmired Vi immuusely, of courso, but his iuterost was quito patornal ; he dorm not emn lato his sister's sexagenarian girlish noBB. However, they both agreed that she had only to appear at court to take tbo world by storm, and Lady MoBtyn begged permission to present her.' ' Whioh you acoorded ?' Sir Harry's watchful stndy of the frank faco nover relaxes as tbe story goes on, though he puts tho question witb half-drowsy indifference. ' Well, I suppose I did,' says Charlie, dubiously ; ' bill tho fact is, they did not consult me until they bad mado all their arrangements, and then it was too late lo object, even if I had wished to do so, which, on the whole, I do not kuow that I did. ' Well, we all come homo together. Vi was presented, aud mado her mark at once. Wo got lugged— Lord knows how — among such a lot of swells as I never dreamod of. Tho ladies, as 1 toll yon, Boon como to cap-pulling among IhomBolvoB, aud Lady Mostyn took herself off iu high dudgeon ; but Lancaster laughccl at bis sister ; de clined to tako sides, and has stuck to us ever since.' ' Aud it was ho who gave you yonr nick-name, I presume,' says Sir Harry, quietly. Quietly as he speaks, however, there is something in words or tone that falls jarringly on Charlie's ear, and brings a transient look of annoyance to his faco. ' What, ' Beauty's Lord ? ' he says. ' llavo you hoard that? No, Lancaster nevor gave it to me ; that's some nowspaper fellow's joke. Con found his impudeuco I' ' There's a good deal of that to confound nowadays,' the other agrees, tranquilly ; 'and the jokes — well, no, that is hardly tho word — tbo para graphs, the piquanto anecdotes, the sonnets to lips, aud curls, and pye browB, that have fallen to Mrs. Lostorollo's share, have been noither few nor far between, have they, Charlie ? ' Hie friend's light words hardly seem lo liavo a cheering effect on Charles Lestorelle's mind. Ha nods his head half-sulkily, and stares out of the smoking-room window, with a vague trouble in his honest grey blue eyes. Something — ha hardly knows what — is stirring, uneasily in hiB thoughts, and bringing a dull uuaccountable aclio to bis heart. Things that have never struck him before come on him now with the force of conviction, and a sudden light soemB to blind and dazzle him. The flash lasts a moment only, then dies away, leaving him bewildered and confused, but his unsuBpioious self again. Sir Harry is rising and stretch ing himself, as his eyes oome back to tbe room. ' Asleep, Charlie 1 ' he sayB, witb his cheery, musical laugh. ' Well, talking over old times is sleepy, if it iB a pleasant occupation. But wake up now, old man, and let's talk about tbe good times to come I ' Charlie accepts tbe invitation readily enough ; the talk runs off into new channels, and , waxes loud and choery, and the old friends . lay their plaus for tho future. But every, now and then there comeB to Charles Les torelle's mind the shadow of an un comfortable thought, and at intervals throughout tbe evening he finds, with an angry start, tbat bis thoughts, are wandering unaccountably from ..tbe business lie ,,baB in hand— that, he is listening with keen, and unusual inte rest, lo the. club-men's talk of tbe beauties, celebrities, and scandals of tbe day. \- And Mentor, out of .an. engagement,, returning in the small, hours, to. his modest lodgings, decides that just at present he will not trouble to look out for a new Telemachus I ? (To be continued.) ? , A QtmfeR Little Republic.— The nearly free and independent republia of Andorra, a valley measuring about 128 square miles, the inhabitants of which own allegiance alternately to' the cbicf of the 3Fref(eh state, ' iis repre' scutative .of the., Coiute' de Foil, and ... . „tp the bishop of Urgel in Spain, has signalised itB existepce .by the pay meut into Uie French treasury of £40, being the tribiitejit forwards to' Paris \ every otherycar, thg hiBhop jnBt njen- ' tioned beipg the recipient of -a' eum slfghtlyJeBs iu thp iiitefyening cpMBe of the eafejndar. Andorra is; Sitiibted in the Pyrpheee.jJjptweep'tbB frontiers of Francp and Spaip, ja.nd the people ' who inliahit this iitlle-Jcpown jlietriut have the^ ', .ine^ifliable advantage 'bf beipg semi-recogitnBed apiuggjers bfe tween tbo two countries. Its govern ment is. a mixture .of ariatooraoy and '...J democracy. The uutuber of its in- ' ' ? habitants !is an. uukp.own ,quanti^r, ' variously estimated ,at from' 4OO6 to . 12,000 souls, for' they steadfastly de- y . oliue to avail themselves of the bene- - fits of census, enumeration. Andorra owes its practical independence to ; ' ; Louis le I)ebongM|eg«^pr about a thousand jwM lyjw^eep wpub)® , . -. . '. . :by jtsolfon! , pfiyment rof i tae. tnbuteS;* . '.-^8 