MILITARY SERVICE AT WAR RAGUL- SERMON BY THE REV. MAJOR FLOCKART. An interesting and somewhat novel ceremony for Warragul took place at the Wesleyau Churcli on Sunday morning when a military service was conducted by the Rev. Major Flockart, Methodist Chaplain to the Victorian forces. The local detachments of Rangers and Cadets fell ill at tlie Masonic ilall at half-past ten and marched to the church where the front centre seats had been reserved for them. Lieut. Willis was in command and Lieut. Peters was also present . There was a goud congregation, and a verse of the National Anthem was sung at the commencement of the service. The Rev. Major Flockart. who was attired 111 uniform. based his ser- i mou on the 10th chapter of The Acts and dealt more or less with the whole chapter. He said it appeared there was a certain man ill Caesarea, called Cornelius, a centurion of the baud called the Italian band of the Roman regiment, a centurion being an officer having charge of a hun dred soldiers. Cornelius was a noble- hearted man and was full of kindest sym pathy as all true soldiers v.ere. He further demonstrated the fact that, a man might he a soldier and yet be a true man of God. Moses and .Joshua were other bright examples of this truth and so was David, who led forth his troops and also slew the giant while he was yet in his teens. Cornelius, then, was a devout man — one who feared God and renounced the idols of the Roman nations. 11 is re ligion, moreover, was tint a sham- -it was a grand reality. Every man in his regi ment knew that his ollicer was a righteous mail, and felt the influence of Ins religion. He was also a bmievuleiil. man. lie gave alms to the people ami not only gave alms but gave them in ! he superlative. He also seemed to have walked in an atmos phere of prayer, for they were told he prayed to Godalways —ouhis bended knees by the couch, in his home circle, in the bar rack room, and on the battlefield. He was, iu fact, the Washington, ihu llnve- lock, the Hedley Vickers, of his day. To this man the angel of the covenant came, and told him that his alms had line up acceptable before God and that he was to send men to Joppa, to the house of Simon Peter, "and he shall tell thee what, thou oughtost to do.'' Thev would observe that Cornelius did nut say to the angel "why not make known to me liov wliat I ought to do — time is valuable ami the journey islongancl therefore why not make known to me now the mind of God ": No. Cornelius was a soldier — lie was a soldierly man of ( bid and did what he was told. Though cannon to right of him, camion to left of him, cannon in front of liini, volleyed and thundered, it was for him to ride even into the jaws of death and into the very mouth of hell if the command of God were given. How beautifully the soldier-like man of God comes out in Cornelius ! When the angel which spoke unto him had departed. lie did exactly what he had been told to do. He sent the men to .loppa, and they eventually returned with Simon Peter ac conipanyiiig them, and found Cornelius waiting for them. It would be observed they did not return to the house and lind he was not ready for them. No, there was a hearty, soldierly welcome for them. Just what a soldierly man of God would be ex pected to do. There was large-hearted- iiess in the soldier, lie was a man who loses sight of self and who for the guar dianship and salvation of his home, his nation and his Queen, sacriliceshimself, and places himself, if necessary, at ihe mouth of the gun and at the point of the bayonet ( and is prepared to die in the fray and be brought back on a shield rather than that his country or his monarch should be dis graced. Then Peter opened his mouth and declared unto them the whole coun sel of God, and while he was yet speaking the Holy Ghost fell on all tliern that heard the word, and he commanded then to be baptised in the name of the Lord. O, for d baptism of the Holy Spirit on themselves and every church, and thai the world might be idled with the Glory of God. The reverend gentleman s discourse, of which the foregoing is a brief .summary, was attentively listened, to throughout and was rendered additionally interesting by the soldierly bearing of the preacher, whose commanding appearance invested the subject with more than mi ordinary degree ot attractiveness. Among the stories which are being re- | vived about the late Archbishop of York, j perhaps the best is that of Sir Robert Anstruther's pregnant summary of his speech on the Irish Church. Dr. Msgee concluded, it will be remembered, by saying that he could not reconcile it with his hopes of heaven to vole for the bill. As Sir Robert left the House of Lords, magnetised by this peroration, he was met by a friend and asked who had been speaking last. " M-iii-in-agee, making a sp-sp-Ieudid sp-sp-speecli. He s-s-said he'd be d-d-d -d if lie d vote for the bill." I 