THE WILD "WEST WIND." (DAILY XEWS.) The gale that with scanty warning burst upon us early in the week was quite in keeping with the character of the month. October has earned itself an ill repute for rough weather. The historical great storm —the gale that overthrew the first Eddystone lighthouse, destroyed a million pounds' worth of property in London alone, and sank six British war ships at their moorings—was late on in November. But it, was in October, four years later, that Sir Cloudesley Shorel's squadron was lost among the rocks of Scilly. The fatal gale that drove the Boyal Charter ashore on the coast of Anglesea was in October, while the tempestuous weather of this week is almost e exactly on the anniversary of the great storms of lS77'and 1SS1. The landscape will wear quite a different look when theEe stormy days are past. Already the trees are stripped of half their foliage. In the air there is a very rain of falling leaves. The woodland paths are strewn with the tattered draperies of ash and elm, of beech and sycamore. Every gust that tosses the white poplar scatters new flakes of silver on the grass, while fiery leaves of creeper are whirled like flames across the murky sky. In the open spaces of the wood, the loaves dead Are driven, like ghosts from an enchanter flce".ng Overhead ratt'e the dismantled boughs. The great trees bend to the fury of the storm. How the haughty forest brothers U<ji<1 and tremble!—ho w Ihey fall! How they cling on one another's Arms t—each crushes each and smothers, TiU, tangled.'stxangled. down come all; And the wild winds thromrh the ruin Are bowling, bisdng, and hallooing. With redoubled fury the tide cornea roaring up the beach. Over outlying rocks thunder the great surges, and when a fiercer wave leaps high over the dark reef the wild winda lift it in their grasp. And hold it up, and shake it like a fleece. The dark line of seaweed that, like the figure of some mighty serpent, follows the windings of the shore, grows with each flowing tide. For "When descends on the Atlantic The gigantic Storm-wind of the equinox. Landward in hiswTath he scourges The toiling suites Laden with seaweed from the nicks. And floating slowly in among tho dr.fting sea wrack, or hurled up high and diy upon the shingle, broken spars, nil seal red and splintered with battering on the roots, tell all too plainly of wrecks upon the main. Of ships dismasted, that were hailed, And sent no answer hack again. Too often, alas! the ebbing tide leaves yet Badder jetsam on the shore—white, still figures, lying face down upon the yellow sand; to be lifted reverently, perhaps, but et by strange hands, and committed with rites to the corner of the ancient graveyard round " the little grey church on the Windy hill," where the low, green, nameless ridges are the sole memorials of lost mari- ners. Oń these wild nights, when we lie awake and listen to the storm; when it howls abouttbe gables and shakes the windows in their frames ; when, above the rnsh of the rain, we hear Ever wilder, fiercer,grander, Like the trampets of Iskander, All the noisy chimneys blow ; let us bestow moro than a mere passing thought of pity on the thousands of poor Bonis who toil for us, bleed for us, hunger and sorrow and sin for us," afloat upon the wild North Sea. On these nights, itmay be, miny a brave ship is driving through the black impenetrable darkness; dismantled, dismasted, helpless, hopeless, drifting to her doom. TheBe are nights when it is well "to ithink of the gallant lifeboat crews that "faoe unflinchingly the angry waves. 