SPELLING REFORM. Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Defore Congress. The Fiftieth Congress is considering a bill for "an amended authography," which pro. vides for a simplhfiation of spelling. The bill prescribes that it shall take effect upon all the schools of the Territories and those of the District of Columbia, and upon the Mili tary and naval academies and the Indian and colored schools in the Territories. It declares, furthermore, that any officer, school director, committee or teacher in control of any school deEcribed in this act, who shall refo-e or neglect to comply with the require ments of the noact shall be removed from office. The bill begins by oenacting that '-the fol. lowing amended orthography shall be reo oognised as correct." The orthography re. ferred to is grouped under the .following twelve heads: First: The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically useless, as in are, granite, eaten, rained, harken and so forth. Write or for re, as in theater, meter, saber and so forth. Second: Drop a from ean,having the sound of e,'as in feather, leather and so forth. Third : Drop o from co, having the sound of e, as in jeopardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth : For o having the sound of a write u in above (abuv), dozen, some (sum), tongue (tung), and the like. Fifth: Drop o from on, having the sound of n, as in journal, nourish, rough (rut), trouble, tough (mut), and the like. Sixth: Drop silent u after g, beforb a and in native English words; drop final ne, as in guarantee: guard, guess, guest, guilt and so forth; apologue, catalogue and so forth; demagogue, pedagogue and so forth; league, harangue, tongue (tung), and so forth. Seventh ; Double consonants shall be sim plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, a, as in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, and so forth, Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written (writn), and so forth. Initial unaccented prefixes, and other un accented syllables as in abbreviate, accuse, affair, and so forth; curvetting, traveller, and so forth, Eight: Change d and ed, final, to t when so pronounced, as in crossed (ernst), looked (lookt), and so forth, unless the affects the preceding sound, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth: Change a to z in distinotive words, as in abuse, verb ; house, verb; rise, verb and so forth. Eleventh: Drop t in oatch, witch, and so forth. Twelfth : Change the spellingin the follow ing words: Ake (ache). anker (anchor), benty (beauty), coud (could). whole (hole), parlament (parliament), receit (receipt), rime (rhyme), sent (scent), eithe (scythle), wimen (women), yomen (Jeomen) ; crop silent b in bomb, cnumb, deb;, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; change o back to s in cinder, expeuce, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, sines, source, thence, tierce, whence; drop the h of ch in chamo mile, choler, cholera, melansholy, school, stomach; drop gin feign, foreign, sovereign; drop hin aghuast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty ; though (the), through (:hru); drop s in aisle, demesne, islind: Provided, That the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. And provided fuirt.er, that where ambiguity would reeuls from the use of the said rules the old form may be retained. "I am a strolling player," groaned a seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on a country road, " and do not ask for money, but only some left-off clothes." "My good fellow," rejoined the latter "I am sorry I can't assist you. Times are now so bad that I wear my left-off clothes myself." , My daughter Ann taken a great interest in ~sthetioa," observed Briggs to Squeal dig. "She could' just put you to sleep talking about high art," "I see," repl;ed Squaldig; " ?cathetio Ann becomes an amnsthatia." Malfd (reading title of picture): "' A Hunt'. for a Leech, What kind of animal do you suppose a leech is, Clara "' : Clara' (doubtfully): " Oh, I doni't know, something like a fox, I should'think," ' Alarmed'pedestrian (pickiog up a painter at the foot of a ladder): "My poor man, are yonuhort muoh t" Painter: "Only three ribs broken. But I went down with colors flyiog, didn't I 17" Wife (looking up from her bobk): "You know a great many things. John.' Now what do you think should be done in the ease of drowning?" Husband: Have a futeral, of course," Mrs. Arlington O(ust married) "The goose liver youe left here yesterday was excellent. Let me have another. But of the same goose, mind. My husband is very par tioular." He (at a very late hour, with deep tender ness: " How can I leave thee?" She: "Why, really, Mr. S ayer, I can't tellyon. :I wish to heaven I could," Mamma: 1' Edith, on you ,tell me what. falti ?"' Edith (aged six years) i " Oh, yes; it is believing what you l~now isn't true 1" She (vindictively): "You need not hope to resape me thus. The wounded heart never forgets. I shall follow you to your grave." H1 (with bravado) : "Not if you i.e first." - The world is not a racecourse or a b attle field or a prize- fight. It is a place in which each man is given his own sherhe to occupy and his own duty to do; and if that sphere be occupied honorably and that duty done well. every man is undoubtedly a victor and a" fit survivor." To be able to endure honest and kind eriticism requires quite as much wisdom as td be able to make honest and wise oriti. sism 