ST. IGNATIUS' COLLEGE. ! r; :Eiyotview« , /: At the annual distribution of prizes last Tuesday at 'this institution the following prologue was cleverly recited : by "Master Nowton, one. ,of the young scholars, and heartily applauded A'B-yourig recruits first facing war's red field With throbbing hcartB their new-tried weapons wield; ' . ' So we; unused to. tread .the tragio stage. Are filled with fear quite natural to our age. They who explore some new; untravelled land, With every right, encourag'oment demand ; We, then, kind friends, indulgence shall im plore For boys that never tried a play before. Reflect,, ere our endeavors you condemn, How hard it is for boys to rival them III whom long practice brought out germs _ whioh may ' . Exist in somb of us— for who can say ? Mere schoolboys, certainly, you can't expeot To steer quite clear of every small defoot ; We dare not hope in gesture or in speech To soar beyond the carping critic's reach. But though we lack intonsity or ease, We'll yield to none in our desire to please. Forget not we are boys.just'growing up, Think how Malvolio won the Melbourne Cup. 'Twas only after many a tiresome race The gallant steed acquired his present pace. ; You, then, who saw Georgo Rignold with . delight Don't scorn our humbler efforts here to-night ; And if some scapegrace should forget his cue Treat him; as you would wish, if ho were , you And if some hero chance to miss his way, Who's there among you never went astray? Our gentle audience we' will now invite To fly with, us to ;anoiontj Rpme.totnight, The land of Tiber and the Sevon Hills, Whose name with rapture every bosom fills. Nurse of the men that blazon history's page, The poet, statesman, hero, and the sage. Where Horace sang, and. Virgil's noblo lyio WaSBweptby fingers tipped with heavenly fire. Where war's red pinions waved in eyery breeze, Whose armies triumphed on all lands and seas. In "Julius Cmsar," which we play to-night, We'll study your enjoyment and delight ; Wo'll see bravo warriors close in oivil strife, To Glory's phantom offering up tlieir life ; The pomp of arms, resounding as they come With brazen trumpet and the clattering drum. And then we'll see, what some will relish most, Processions, murder, and a real ghost And, though beginners in dramatic art, We'll strive some useful lesson to impart — Leave wars to savage beasts, leave peace to man ; With sin, war's bloody horrors first began. In vain we look for Heavon here below, All earth can give is but a gilded show, Nor wealth nor lofty station can supply The solid joys that from the vicious fly. No ghosts of foes disturb the good man's sleep, And near his couch their dreadful vigils keep. No feverish hopes, no wild ambitions come To cloud the heaven of his happy home. But oh dear me 'tis late, I must run in And tell these young play-actors to begin. We are requested to state that a capital breaking-up song and chorus — words and musio ' by the Rev. Father M'Cabe, with orchestral accompaniment by Mons. ICowal- ski— had been fully rehearsed, but owing to the lateness of the hour to which tho pro ceedings of the evening were prolonged the performance was, to the great regret of the students, prevented. Never mind, it will come in as an acceptable treat " next half." 