Sporting Mems. Tl. is daily expected that, Carbine will lm withdrawn from I ho Melbourne Cup list, and his stable companion Megaphone promises to start a very hot favourite tor Unit event-. Croofjo, of Newcastle, ami Liimliurl. of l'oii rilh, have l-ooii matched, and Sullivan is oneo more out with a challenge to row either Stan bury or Kemp for £200 n-side. From New Zealand conies word of the death In. nf M-- .Inn,,. a Pitllu-rm- I I... ,....11. known sportsman. Ho visited Australia somo years ago with Welcomo .Jack and Clareneu. Calamia, who won tlio Melbourne Cup for Mr. 10. do Mcst.ro iu 187S, died a few dny» ago at his owner's station, Mansfield Victoria, through rolling into a waterholo in his exor cise paddock. Carbine still remains in tho Melbourne Cup, although the bublo has been pricked, and all tho gas which hud kept tho old horse at. pretty high metallic meter allowed to escape. Mr. Wallace, if lie starts his horse, will be iu lliieneod by a desiro to give thoso of tlio publio who liavo backed him a rim for their money. But, 'tis cruel lo be kind at times, and though to a man all of us would rejoice to see the old horse start, if fit aud welt, in tho Melhourno Cup, our gratification would lio much marred if it wero enjoyed at the expense of the public, ?who would most assurod I v risk and lose anoth er thousand pounds if C'urhiuo cntuo to the post. .By the way, something like six weeks back Carbine was tried with Megaphone all Ocean Grove, and tho four-year-old' beat 'Old Jack ' so easily that Carbine would have to improve immensely to havo tlio ghost of a chance of winning u Melbourne Cup with lOefc ' 121b on his back. Carbine is progressing favourably at Queens- ' eliff, and if lie goes on improving lio is certain to bu started for the Melbourne -Slakes. It j will depend on how ho shapes in that oveut i whether ho will lie started for the Cup. j Wlion the racehorse Donovan was being re moved from Newmarket to his owner's place, Welbeek, a special train conveyed him, and he was insured by his owner, tho Duke of Portland for X'i!f-,000. At Breakfast Creek pony races, Fair NeJI by Nowbohl won tho Dover Handicap, for 14. 1 and under ; Sligo, by First Water, was second ; and Major Flake (late All Fours) by Gamester, third. JJallina Athletic Club has .what very few people possess— a 'credit balance.' They I intend adding to their usually at Inactive pro gramme a Handicap of £30 and a silver .cup valued at £5, to be competed for. on New Year's Day. Meeting of ' Wurutali ' cricket club to uiirht. ' Waratah ' cricket club scored their first f win on Saturday last. Tho- members of tho 1 club hope to defeat every club they meet this season. With such players as C. Yabsley, S. ' Upton, C. J. M'Jiao, J. M'Rna, T. Fidoook, 'P. Fraser, F. Roberts, H. Pideoek, and others their chances aro very bright. Tweed River annual races tako place oil 21st November. Nominations for principal events take placo on 20th October. Old Jessie, the property of Mr. John Jordan of Casino, has wo learii dropped a filly foal by Musketeer. Out of -13 races in which ho started the mighty Caitoine won 33— a truly .'.phenomenal record. T. Hales can come down to (5st 'lbs, but to do so must necessarily ruin liif constitution. Alstonville Athletic Club hold sports on December ,'i0t h. The principal race is a han dicap of £20, particulars of wliich aro adver tised iu this issue. A general meet ing ot members «F litiokcn- j doon Jockey Club will bo hold on ' Saturday , : 24th October, at 7.30 p.m. 