municipal matters. WATERLOO. A Comfortable Coterie. The Sand Ghost Laid. No Chine30 Need Apply. Tue aldermen of Waterloo are comfortable, canny men, who arc fully seized with tlio importance of .tho office to which they havo been elected. Thero arc two things which havo troubled Mayor Anderson and his trusty supporters lately, and those aro sand and chinamen. Of both they havo had too much ; but while tho former has been always a paying commodity when properly disposed of tho latter hove boon always at a discount, and tho aldermen may well feci nggricved when the sins of other than their own yollow plagues aro debited to their slant-eyed scratchors of tho soil. But to take the evils as they arose before the aldermen who met at the fortnightly mooting on Thursday night in "order it must first bo stated that tho reunion of tho formers of tho future of Waterloo was presided over by Mayor Anderson, who wns sup ported by Aldermen Navin, Kellott, Collior, Lamohd, Williams and Smith. The first mutter attended to was tho state of the finances, and tho treasurer's stateniont showed that for tho past fortnight tho receipts had been £148 7s. 8d., rates collected £G5 5s. 7id., and the expenditure £231 9s. The finance com mittee a recommendation to pay their just debts, amounting to £407 3s. 3d., was agreed to aftor Alderman Lamond lmd lucidly explained several items. A generous offer from the Australian Gaslight Co. to I illuminate the borough all tho year round, or in other words light ing tho street gas lamps whether the moon shono or not for £1 per lamp per annum extra, wns received, and further action de ferred till more light could bo thrown on tho subject, and then, in order to show that by so doing it was not intended to have a joke at the great company's expense, it was decided that their offer to paint in black tho names of the streets on tho lamps at Is. 3d. per lamp should bo accepted. The grievances which tho public wero suffer ing under from landlord monopolists wero then brought under notice in a letter received from tho Kogarah Council, in which it was pointed out that in many parts of most incorporated areas miserly landlords refused to pay their share of korbing and guttering in front of their property, the result being that tho continuity of comfort- abln travelling was destroyed, and the valuo of the surrounding properties depreciated. The Kogarah Council askecl the sandy one to assist them in compelling theso curmudgeons to open their pockets and try and get a bill through Parliament compelling them to bear their share of living within the bounds of civilisation, and when Mayor Anderson pointed out how reasonable the request was, though tho necessity of passing a bill through Parliament was questioned, it was unanimously agreed to co-operato in endea voring to obtaiu the desired measure. The Water and Sewerage Board askecl to be fur nished with any alterations mado in the names of streets or lanes, so that they would not bo sending their men out to tear up tho entrance to Smith's instead of operating on Brown's premises, and just here the mayor reported that tho aldermen had inspected the streets which had been opened up by tho con tractors for laying down the sewerage pipes and tlioy had found that in consequence of tho unusually heavy weather the streets in some instances wero not the delightful wandering places they had been before tho sowerago contractors had began to investigate their substratum, but as it was evidelit that tho contractors had no power over tho elements and had done all they could to leavo the streets as they found them, it wns decided that thoso gentlemen should be granted their certificate entitling them to recover their money from the board in such o ses where ho considered tho work had been properly carried out. After somo other unimportant matters had been men tioned tho Mayor proceeded to inform tho aldermen that the sand ghost was laid at last. An interview extending over -a long time had bopn held with Mr. Hudson on Wednesday night, and after a' very lengthy discussion it had been amicably arranged that Mr. Hudson should retain possession of tho saiul mino in Dowling- streot till the end of tho year, when it would revert to tho council. This announcement was received with general all-round satis faction, and the weary aldermen looked as if they wero pleased to bo able to throw oil the cares of office, when Alderman Williams sprung another mino on them by drawing attention to tho reports which had appeared with reference to a raid on' a gambling den in the vicinity, and had spoken of tho evil doers as chinese gamblers of waterloo, while as a matter of fact tho accused parties wero residents of anollior municipality. He thought it was enough for them to boar their own burdens without having to struggle under the sius of thoir neighbors. They had always tried to raise tho moral tone of thoir borough, and ho naturally felt aggrieved when such statements appeared in tho press. "It's true lor you." said Alderman Navin, "but there's an easy way of getting rid of the difficulty. If tho inspector or tho police or whosoever's duty it is will fine a fow of thein for having thoir wrong addresses on their carts they will soon liavo saveo enough to state where they come from." " Well," said tho Mayor, "lam glad this matter lias been mentioned, for I think it is rather a pity that the press should report that these gamblers hail from Waterloo when thoy do not live in the neighborhood at nil." " Why," interjected Alderman Lamond, " thore aro not a dozen China men in our borough." " There's far Iobs than that," put in Aldormau Navin. "As I wus saying, gontlomon," continued tho Mayor, "I regret Waterloo has hfion disgraced by being mentioned in connootion with the case undor notice, and I hopo this oxproBsion of fooling on tho part of the aldermen will ho the means of doing good, but I rcgrot to say, gontlomon, that thoro are places in a neighboring borough whoro llicso Chincso congregate, and whoro, I am ashamed to say so, it is reported that young people aro ontiecd to visit, and do not lonvo them as cloan as when tlioy cntor. It shall bo my duty to sob that every public officor con nected with this borough does his duty try ing to exterminate thoso foul dons, whothor they ore occupied by Chincso or any othor raco whoso tendencies are vicious, and I hope, now that Alderman Williams has men- tiouod tho matter, that the proas will pub lish the fact that thero arc no Chincso gambling houses in Waterloo, and, I am happy to say, very few of tho raco of any kind. Aftor such an expression of all-round solf. congralula ion what could the alderman do but adjourn?— which thoy did. 