The Eev. Chas. Clark at the Town Hall. THERE was a large and fashionable audienoe at tbe Town Hall on Monday evening last to greet the Bev. Obas. Clark on the occasion of bis second vjsit to Parramatta. She lecture ehosen for the evening was "ChristmasCaroIs." The lecturer—who was, of course, warmly greeted on appearing upon the platform—briefly mentioned that the version of tbe " Carols Which he intended to place before his listeners that evening was that adopted by Charles Diokens for his own lectures in America. 8o what variations there were, it would be understood, were' only such as bad been sanctioned by the taste and judgment of the "great master " himself. Then with a .gentle turn of speech the gifted lecturer atones introduced his audience to the sole sarviving member of tbe firm of Scrooge and Marley and painted with the matchless language of England's favourite novelist the interior of that cheerless business establishment in which little BobCratchitt and his close-fisted employer plied their daily vocations. Scrooge's interviews, first with his nephew and then with tbe benevolent old gentleman engaged in collecting for the peor, and bis Christmas leave-taking of his servitor, Bob, were followed by a recital of the visit of Marley's ghost. The lecturer bad by this time fairly rivstted tbe attention of his listeners, and one could almost hearths clank-clanf^of the chains over the casks in the cellar aB Scrooge awaited the apparition he somehow knew was coming towards him. Tho vieit of the spirits of Christmas of the past, Christmas of the present, and Christmas yet to come were then described and the scenes at old Fezziwig's festivities, the Christmas goose at Bob Cratchitt's dinner table, and the merry party at the nephew's parlour—when Topper, Q the game of blind-man's-buff, would persist in chasing the plump sister—brought down the house. Here the lecturer was, of course, at bis best; but no less successful was he in his pourtrayal of the scene when the spirit of Christinas yet to come' made plain to Scrooge the wrecking of the latter's death-chamber by the hags vieing with each other to secure at tbe earliest moment all the portables belonging to the dying miser which mieht find a purchaser at the old dealer's shop. The ecenebeforo the minds of the audience changed, however, as Scrooge awoke ; and his eager efforts to make amends in some way for his churlishness and meanness in the past—his purchase for the Cratchitt family of the poulterer's big turkey and his visit to his nephew's Christmas dinnertable—were greeted with roars of laughter, the more hearty as they came relieving the pent-up feelings of those not untouched with the horror of Scrooge's experience in the graveyard. The lecturer finished, as he always does, gracefully, and retired with tbe reclaimed Scrooge aa soon as the latter's new walk in life became apparent. The audience evidently enjoyed the lecture thoroughly. 