The Boctorssliook tliclrll«n(l«. " I would give a million dollars for a stom ach, " said a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars (£200,000,1 ia a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article oven at that price. Mr. Thomas Gflskin, of No. 3, Poplar }low, Dailey Abbey, near Derby, ia not HO rich as many, being a gardener, but ho was ready enough to give all lie had (or one tiling lie hadn't got. Hero is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. tiaekin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours'work through BicknesB. In December, 1882, whilst living at 13eeston, near Nottingham, my appBtite (ell away, I had dreadful pain after | eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick aqd sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. Wy chest used to ' fill up ' and ray throat used to swell ao I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I bad a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the noBe, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I becamo exhausted and short oi breath and bad to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I tliDD went as an out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little belter. I got so tbin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eight, teen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I camo to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor re commendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found however, that all the beds in hospital were full, and I saw my club doctors and two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better si/ old master al lowed me to do what little I could in biB garden and groundB ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few dayB. Things went on like this unt:l December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as muoh as a teacupful at once, and tcat a fraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the white of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes became bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out iota a cold sweat. My iongoo was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stoae weight ia three weeks. " I managed to get up (or a tew hours at a time, bat was so weak I bad to take hold cf the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, waB never at ease and got no real reBt. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 1 / can do you no good; I can only patch yon up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medioine and tried every thing I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good,and my friends who came to Bee me said,1 Veil, you won't cough vaich longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh, hour named Joseph Tatham, who works jq the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me,' Tom, aid you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup V and told me how lie had been cured after being in the hospital. Be spoke bo much in praise of this medicine, I sent my wife to Derby and got B bottle at Mr. Smith's Stotes in Viotoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion as black as Ink, and vomited. Then I fell aaleep and felt jested . when I awoke. After taking the medicine lor three days my breathing §ot easier, my food kept down, and in a few ays more I was able to go out for a short walk. By tbe end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought tbe im provement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrap had saved my life. 11 commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrap for Bix 1 tnoaths I wet as strong aa eror in ay life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication ot this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaakin requests as to refer all doubters to him or to Mr, Keetley, Head Gardner, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Oaskin haa lived at Datley Abbey 22 years and bean an excellent reputation. Now, whgt waathp complaint from which he Buffered,. Nplg&lo;/kng qjnwiapttoij certainly fas one of lfyjtpc1er4kl>pMhtJ.^r he mould have galloped iniolds grave hitess than three months, instead ot growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic Inflammatory dyspepsia i(or chronic gastrio catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, forwhlph it Is, bo often ignorantly mistaken tpid vjrohgly treated. When the right remedy, MotKf 1 SeigelVDjaip, ?was need, the disease yielded, asaHihedlwsea I of the digestive tract do yield to that magni ficent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Oaskin on his Recovery, and commend tbe faots of biB case to all thinking people. Sorrow "yparsell thehi^ipy possessor of two. millions ot money. WhaVwofild ybu do With it ? Would you follow Mr. Paling's noble deed and build a sanatorium (ot tbe sick, or would you follow the lead cf " Jubilee" Season' and play it up, and finish in a continental gaol 1 Fancy what could you do with two mSllitinB, you could visit and view the sights of the old and new worlds, yon could keep a splendid establishment, have -score* ot servants at your heck and call', you oould keep your hones and your hounds, your guns, your yachts, your town i and country houses,, you could bunt, fish and travel aud lives life of pleasure if-pOh 1 that " it" it creeps in-if you had good' health, and if you had bad health and could not enjoy your great possessions, what good would <41-the motley and riches in (he terrestrial world' "be worth to you? good health is the great desi deratum-prMertie it while you have it, tor it may be lost for ever if you neglect it. While ion this aubtaot we want b few serious words with you. Every man and woman Is the centre cf the world to himself, therefore look attur yourself and those belonging to yon, preserve your strength and take note of the smalt par ticulars of daily life. We want to impress this particularly, upon you-joo, reader-we are addressing' you personally-take care of the email eigne' ot constitutional disturbance,' don't neglect a simple headache because it is so general, such pains cannot be in a healthy organism, pbyBioii.1 disturbance cannot be where all organs are performing tbeir functions with clock work exactitude. Like a small spark spreading into a groat conflagration, disease begins in a little wbj?, ep little that its first on slaught is frequently nnotloed, but it gradually extends, until TOO iate. Take good advioe, attack the first signs by a vigorous treatment with Clements Tonio, which so renovates and fertilises the blood, that it will quickly restore the impaired powor of any organ or tissue. Clements Tonic is a scientific combination Its thorapeutio effects are proved. That it hrill allay and prevent disease is beyond all dotibt, the praise bestowed on it over the signatures of the highest and moat influential people in l the iand, wilt oonvince the most sceptical. Mr. F. Bagnell, Bovcbhurst. Marrickville, N.8.W, writes us: "Dear Sir,-Allow me to add my testimony to the many endorsements you have already received, proving the excellence of Clements Tonic. My wife has been suffering for the past two years from weakness ani de bility, and has tried many treatments without result, Bhe, as a last resort oommenced the' use of Clements Tonic, and I am thankful to say the effect has been most gratifying, and I am firmly persuaded that it is a complete restora tion to perfect health." A. G. Taylor, Esq,, M.L.A., writes:-"Parliament House, Sydney, Nov. 18th, '!>0.-1 have muoh pleasure in testi fying to the benefits I have derived from the ?bo of Olementa Tonic, during a severe attack of dyspepsia and indigestion. It is a pleasant, ! palatable and effective remedy, and should be used by every family. 1 shall always keep it by me in future.-A. G. Taylor." Another well known man writes:-"I have great plea sure in testifying to the merits and efficacy of Clements Tonic. Having boon afllicted with extreme nervous debility and languor during the last 2 years, with weary and languid feelings in a morning, bo much bo that whilst dressing I should hare to drop into a chair, eventually I commenced the use of Clements Tonic and am now restored to perfect health and vigor and would recommend it to all BO Bdlictod.-James Leonard, Kcnwick-street, Birkenhead, N.S.W." Send for full particulars to F. M. Clements, Newtown, N.H.W. 