THE SOUTH SEAS. PART I.— THE MARQUESAS. BY R. L. STEVENSON. Chatter IX.— A Portrait and a Story. l uavc Had occasion several time3 to nnmo tho late bishop, Father Dordillon, " MonseigiiGnr," as ho is still almost universally called, Vicar Apostolic of tho Murquosas and Bishop of Cam ujaopous tnparuovs. Everywhere in the islands, among all classes and races, this fine, old, kindly, cheerful fellow is remembered with affection and respect. His influence with tho natives was paramount. They reckoned him tho highest of men— hither than an admiral ; brought him their money to keep ; took his advice upon their purchases; nor would they plant trees upon their own laud tiU they had tho approval of the father of tho islands. During the time of tho French exodus ho singly represented Europe, living in the Residency and ruling by tho hand of Temoana. Tho first roads were made under his auspices and by his persuasion. The old road between Hatlheu and Anaho was got under way from either side on the ground that it would be pleasant for an ovening promenade, and brought to completion by working on the rivalry of the two villages. Tho priest would boast in Hatiheu of the progress made in Anaho, and ho would tell the folk of Anaho, "If you don't take care your neighbors will bo over tho. hill before you aro at tho top." It could not be so done to- day ; it could then ; death, opium and depopulation had not gone so far; and the people of Hatiheu, I was told, still vied with each other in fine attire, and used to go out by families, in the cool of tho evening, boat sail ing and raoing in tho bay. Thero seems Bomo truth at least in the common view, that this joint reign of Temoana and the bishop was the last and brief golden age of the Marquesas. But the civil power returned, the mission was packed out of the Residency at 24- hours notico, new methods supervened and the golden age (what ever it quite was) determined. It is tho strong est proof of Father Dordillon's prestige that it survived, seemingly without loss, this hasty deposition. His method with tho natives was extremely mild. Amoug these barbaroiis cliildrcu lie still played tho part of the smiling father ; and he was careful to observe, in all indifferent mat ters, the Marqucsan etiquette. Thus, in the singular system of artificial kinship, the bishop had been adopted by Vaekchu as a grandson ; Miss Fisher, of Hatihou, as a daughter. From that day Monseigncur never addressed the young lady except as his mother, and closed his letters with tho formalities of a dutiful son. With Europeans he could bo strict, even to the extent of harshness. He made no distinction against heretics, with whom he was on friendly terms ; but tho rules of his own church ho would see observed ; and once at least ho had a white man clapped in gaol for the desecration of a saint's day. But even this rigor, so in tolerable to laymen, so irritating to Protest ants, could not shake his popularity. We shall best conceive him by examples nearer home. We may all have known some divine of the old school in Scotland, a literal Sabbatarian, a stickler for the letter of tho law, who was yet in private modest, innocent, genial and mirthful. Much such a man, it seems, was Father Dor dillon. And his popularity bore a test yet stronger. He had tho name, and probably de served it, of a shrewd man In business and ono that made the mission pay. Nothing so much stirs up resentment as the inmixture in com merce of religious bodies ; but oven rival traders spoke well of Monseignour. His character is best portrayed in the story of the days of liis decline. A time came when, from the failure of sight, ho must desist from his literary labors : kisMarquesan hymns, gram mars and dictionaries ; his scientific papers, lives of saints and devotional poetry. He cast about for a new interest : pitched on gardening, and was to be Been all day, with spade and water- pot, in his child-like eagerness, actually runniug between the borders. Another stex> of decay, and he must leave his garden also. Instantly a new occupation was devised, and he sat in the mission cutting paper flowers and wreaths. His diocese was not great enough for his activity ; the churches of the Marquesas were papered with bis handiwork, and still ho must bo making more. "Ah," said he, smiling, "when I am dead what a fine time you will have clearing out my trash 1" He had been dead about six months ; but I wa? pleased .to see some of his trophies still exposed, and looked upon thorn with a smile : the tribute (if I have read his chectful character aright) which he would have preferred to any useless tears. Disease continued progres sively to disable bim ; ho who had clambered so stalwartly over tho rude rocks of tho Marque sas, bringing peace to warfaring claire, was for some time carried in a chair between tho mis sion and the ohurch, and at last confined to bed, impotent with dropsy, and tormented with bed sores and sciatica. Here ho lay two months without complaint ; and ou tho 11th January, 1887, in the 79th year of his life and tho 34th of his labors in tho Marquesas, passed away. Those who have a taste for hearing missions, Protestant or Catholic, decried, must seek their pleasure elsewhere than in my pages. Whether Catholic or Protestant, with all their gross blots, with all their deficiency of candor, of humor and of common sonse, the missionaries are tho best, and the most useful whites in the Pacific. This is a subject which will follow us through out ; but there is one part of it that may conve niently be treated here. The marriod and the celibate missionary, each has his particular advantage and defect The married missionary, taking him at the best, may offer to the native what he is much in want of, a higher pictnre of domestic life ; but the woman at his elbow tends to keep him in touch with Europo and out of touch with Polynesia, and to perpetuate, and even to ingrain, parochial decencies, far best forgotten. Tho mind of the female missionary tends, for instanoe, to be continually busied about dress. She can be taught with extreme difficulty to think any costume decent but that to which she grew accustomed on Claph&m; Common ; and to gratify this prejudice tho native is put to useless expense, his mind is tainted with tho morbidities of Europe, and his health is set in danger. The celibate missionary, on the other hand, and whether at best or worst, fails readily into native ways of life ; to wliich ho adds too commonly what is cither a mark of celibate man at large, or an inheritance from medircval saints —I mean slovenly habits and an unclean person. Thero are, of course, degrees in this; and tho sister (of course, and all honor to her) is as fresh as a lady at a ball. For the diet there is nothing to bo snid — it must amaze and shock tho Polyne sian — but for tho adoption of nativo habits, thero is much. Chaque pays a scs coutumcs, said StaniBlao ; these it is the missionary's delicate task to modify; and the more he can do so from within, and from a native standpoint, tho bettor ho will do his work ; and here I think the Catholics have sometimes the advantage ; in tho Vicariate of Dordillon I am sure they had it. I have hoard the bishop blamed for his indul gence to the natives, and above all becauso ho did not ,rage with sufficient energy against cannibalism. It was a part of his policy to livo among the natives like an cider brother ; to follow- where ho could ; to lead where it was necessary ; never to drive ; and to encourage tho growth of new .habits, instead of violently rooting up tho old. And it might be better, in tho long run, if this policy were always followed. It might be supposed that native missionaries would prove moro indulgent, but the reverse is found tobethecAso. Thenewbroomswoepsclean ; and tho white missionary of to-d&y; is often embarrassed by tho bigotry of his native coad jutor. What else should we expect? On some islands, aorcery, polygamy, human sacrifice, and tobacco smoking liavo been prohibited, tho dress of the native has been modified, and himself warned in strong terms against rival sects of Christianity— all by tho same man, at the same period of time, and with tho like authority. By what criterion is the convert to distinguish tho essential from the unessential? He swallows the nostrum whole ; there has been no piny of mind, no instruction, and, except for some brute utility in the prohibitions, no advance. To call things by tlicir proper name?, this is teaching superstition. It is unfortunate to use the word ; so few people have read history, and so many h&vo; dipped into little atheistic manuals, that the majority will rush to a conclusion ; and sup pose the labor lost. And far from that : These semi- spontaneous superstitious, varying with tho seot of the original evangelist and the customs of the island, are found in practice to be highly fructifying ; and in particular those who have learned and who go forth . again to teaoh them offer an example to tho world. The best speci men of the Christian hero that I over met with was one of these' native missionaries. He liad saved two lives at tho risk of his own ; like Nathan, he had bearded a tyrant in his hour of blood; when a whole white population fled, be alone stood to his duty ; and his behavior under domestic sorrow with which the publio has no concern filled the beholder with sympathy and admiration. A poor little smiling laborious man he looked ; and you would have thought ho had nothing in him, but that of which iudeed he hod too much — facile good nature. It cliauccs that the only rivals of Monseigueur and his missions in tho Marquesas were certain of those brown skinned evangelists, natives from Hawaii. I know not what they thought of Father Dordillon : they arc the only class I did not question ; but I suspect the prelate to have regarded them askance, for he was eminently human. During my stay at lai-o-hae, tho time of the yearly holiday oame round at the girls' school ; and a whole fleet of whalo boats came from Uapu to take the daughters of that island home. On board of these was Kauwealoha, ono of the pastors, a fine rugged old gentlem&u;, of that leonine type so common in Hawaii. He paid me a visit in the C&sco;, and there enter tained me with a tale of one of his colleagues, Kckcla, a missionary in the great cannibal isle of Hiva-oa. It appears that, shortly aftor a kid napping visit from & Peruvian slaver, tho boats of an American whaler put into & bay upon that island, wore attacked, and mado their escape with difficulty, leaving their mate, a Mr. Whalon, in the hands of the natives. The cap tain, with his arms bound bebiud bis back, was cast iuto a house ; and the chief announced the capture to Kekela. And here I begin to follow the version of Kauwealoha ; it is a good speci men of Kanaka English ; and the reader is to conceive it delivered with violeut emphasis and speaking pantomime. "I got Melican mate," the chief he say — ""What you go do Melican mate?" Kekela ho say.—" I go make fire, I go kill, I go eat hira," ho say; "you come to-mollow eat piece."— "I no want eat Melican mate!" Kekela he say: "why you want?"— "This bad shippae, this slavo shippec," tho chief he say. " One time a shippee he come from Pelue, he takeaway plenty Kanaka, he take away my son. Melican mate ho bad man. I go eat him ; you eat piece." "I no want eat Melican mate I" Kekela he say ; and ho dy— all night he cly ! To-mollow Kekela he get up, he put on blackce coat, he go seo chief ; ho see Missa Whela, him hand tie' like this (Panto&umc;). Kekela he cly. Ho say chiof "Chief, you like things of mine? you like wh≤ boat ?" " Yes," he say. " You like file-a'm (firearms)?" "Yes," he say. "You like blackce ooafc?" " Yes," ho say. Kekela he take Missa Whela by tlie shoulV (shoulder), lie take him light out house ; he give chiof he whaleboat, he file-a'm, he blaokeo coat. He take Missa Whola ho house, make him sit down with his wife and chile'u. Missa Whela' all-the-same polison . (prison) ; his wife he, he ohil'en in Amelica ; he cly —O, he cly. Kekela he solly. One day Kekela, he see ship. (Pan tomime). Ho say Missa Whela' " Ma' Whela ?" Missa Whola' ; ho say—" Yes." Kanaka they begin go down beach. Kckola he get eleven Kanaka, get oa' (oars), get evely thing. He say Missa "Whela— "Now you go quick." They jump in whaleboat. "Now you low !" Kekela he say ; "you low quick, quick 1" Violent Pantomime , and a change indicating that the narrator has left the boat and retu.mil to the beach. ) All the Kanaka they say— " IIow ! Melican mate ho go away ?"— jump In boat ; low afta. ( Violent pantomime and change again to boat). Kekela ho say— "Low quick 1" Horo I think Kauwealoha's pantomime had confused me ; I have no more of his ipissima verba ; and can but add, in my own less spirited manner, that tho ship was reached, Mr. Wha- lon taken aboard, and Kckcla returned to his charge among tho cannibals. But how unjust it is to repeat the stumblings of a foreigner in a language only partly acquired ! A thoughtless reader might conceive Kauwealoha and his col- Icnge to be a species of amic&blo; baboon ; but I havo hero tho antidote. In return for his act of gallant oharity, Kckola was presented by the American Government with a sum of money, and by President Lincoln personally with a gold watch. From his letter of thanks, written in his own tonguo, I give the following extract. I do not envy the man who can read it without emotion When I saw one of your countrymen, a citi zen of your great nation, ill treated, and about to bo baked and eaten, as a pig is eaten, I ran to save him, full of pity and grief at the evil of these benighted people. I gave my boat for tho stranger's life. This boat came from James Hunnewell, a gift of friendship. It became the ransom of this countryman of yours, that he might not be eaten by the savages who know not Jehovah. This was Mr. "Whalon, and the date 14th Jan., 1864. As to this friendly deed of mine in saving Mr. Wlmlon, its seed camo from your great land, and was brought by certain of your country men, who had received tho love of God. It was planted in Hawaii, and I brought it to plant in this land and in these dark regions, that they might receive tho root of all that iB good and true, which Is love, 1\. Love to Jehovah. 2\. Love to self. 3\. Love to our neighbor. If a man have a sufficiency of these three, ho is good and holy, like his God, Jehovah, in his triune character (Father, Son and Holy Ghost), one-three and three-one. If he have two and wants one, it is not well ; and if he have one and wants two, this, indeed, is not well ; but if he cherishes ail three then is he holy indeed, after the manner of the Bible. This is a great thing for your great nation to boast of, before all tho nations of the earth. From your great land a most precious seed was brought to the land of darkness. It was planted here, not by means of guns and men-of-war and threatcnings. It was planted by means of the ignorant, the 'neglected, the despised. Such was tho introduction of tho word of the Al mighty God into this group of Nuuhiwa. Great is my debt to Americans, who havo taught me all things pertaining to this life, and to that which is to come. How shall I repay your great kindness tome? Thus David asked of Jehovah, and thus I ask of you, tho President of the United States, is my only payment— that which I havo received of the Lord— love (aloha), . 