THE QUALIFICATIONS OF A . .NEWSPAPER WRITER. 1\. Consider well whether you have ] e the peculiar qualifications for a news- |s paperwriter. As Carlyle says of needle- | ^ women in England, “ there arc ^ blotchers in abundance, but few or no t seamstresses so of writers for the { press. Though one may have skill ns 1 an author, or even a magazine writer, ] he may fail in writing even for a news paper. A newspaper is “ a maze of busy- life,” so itscontents aresuch as will catch attention. Thought must, be packed into a small compass. As Virgil i says of farms :—“Admire long articles, cultivate short ones.1' 2. Be sure that you have something to say, and say it. Waste no time on introductions. Plunge into the heart of your subject. Strike the key-note, if possible, in the first sentence. A spicy beginning, that whets the appetite, commends an article to the editor and reader. Be crisp and brief. Give results, not pro cesses. Don’t serve, with the pearl, both, oyster and shell. 3. Put your points clearly and sharply. Let every word leap with life. Condense. Con dense. Condense. Some explain things to death. Above all, stop when you are done. Dou’t let the ghost of your thought wander about after the death of the body. Be suggestive rather than exhaustive. Leave off the beginning, the conclusion, and make the middle as short as possible. Care fully correct your article as to spelling and punctuation. Write plainly on one side of small sheets. Put fire into your ■writing, or your writing will be put into the fire.—The Fireside. A seedy-looking comp, stood at the corner of Bacquet-court, and there was an aspect of vagueness and despair in his attitude which was very touching. It was this which attracted the attention of a mild-looking.party passing by, who addressed him thus :— “ Old man, wouldn’t you like to have a drink this morning?’’ “ You’ve read me as accurately as if my thoughts were printed on an open page,” replied the saddened one, pass ing a dilapidated coat-sleeve over his mouth. “ I thought so, muttered the mild looking party, while a sympathetic tear trickled down his cheek; “ I feared as much, hut conquer the desire, friend ; fight it as you would a legion of devils; shun it as you would the plague • never let it he said that drink is stronger than your will to resist it, for drink has ruined many a man who had. a more expansive forehead and more intelligence than you've got.” And then the mild-looking party continued ou his way, and the defrau ded comp, gazed dreamily into space, wondering who that great, blank, wise, blank, and blank charitable man could be? 