'PRETTY MISS NEVILLE, BY B. M. CHOKER. CHAPTER XXXVIII. (Continued.) MULKAPOBE RACES. But all was false and hollow, Though his tongue dropped manna, Could make the worse appear the better reason. Paradise Lost. There wan an immense amount of excitement and cheering, and General Ecai's Fnco won a picture &s; ho led hiu winner into the paddock I fancied that Maurice cost one harried glance nfc our part oi tho ofcond — it may havo been Faney— bat if so, he mnct have boon earned to have soon my future lord and I standing and leaking down on the general oBtburiaom aide by oido. Ho rode again thai; day, in tho hurdle eccGj and won it by sheer riding, jes1; getting 'Tom FoolV noso firot pest tho post. Thuo be made himself: a person of oomo eonocquonco and intoMot among the spectators on tho ttaiid ; end I happened to hear 0 convocation about him, earned oa by tho people who occupied chairs directly bohind euro — two gsntlemen, fiom an up-country etation, alight acquaintances of oura. e That fellow Beres'ord is wo;th his weight in gold to old Ros9 ; und I hear he bought in both horsP3 in the )otte.riop. 'Tom Pool' went for aofclsing.' 1 On Dcconot of hio riding 50a ffieaa. Yeo, I believe he selected him partly with a viow (o thio ooft of thiog,' indicating the coaroe before him ; ' but Bereofoid is g omavfe office? tco.' 4ASs! and ho is goinK to bs his son-in-liK? into the bargain. Besesford bos money,' Eigni fioanily. ' Oh ! I don't think there is any truth in that. He io not a marrying man ; auS ao to hiQ money, I fancy it io derived from Irish rents, aad he hao mofo gold on hia Bnifora than in hiu pockets !' ° Ho may not havo been a maj?ryiagman some time ogo ; but let m© tell you, my dear sir, that there is a groat deal in pFopiequ'ty ; and BereafoE'd hao not boea living in the hooae with Mies Eobs thia lasfc qik montho for nothing. She'u an uncommon fine girl, I can toll yon.' ' Ah,' replied the othoi? irritably, ' I hate fine Ki'els ; they aro anotheF ^ord for fat gik'ls,' 4 Nothing of tho kind,' returnod his companion orgnmentatively. 'A tall well-made girl — ' No doubt tho diaca9Qioa woo pursued for the nest hour, bnt at this juncture auntie came and awopt ho all ov7oy ; and I wont homo with a heavy heait nod wiiofc is called a 'aeryous' headache, Maoh agGiaDt my will I wont to the Beoidency ball that night, looMDg truly like a ghost;, The lilieoia mj eaormouo bouquet— Mojor Percival'a giffc — wore aok whiter than my face, I pleaded fatigao no an immunity horn daneiog, and sat out dance after daaee with my intended, who had ouddealy becoms both exacting and ouo pioiorao, and refused to let me for a Dingle instant out of hia oigb.6. Indeed he preferred my society for ones to that of Mro. Sfc. Ubeo, and spent the entire evening sitting beside me, promenading with eae, dancing equara dnnoeo with me, administering ices and tea ; aad I— I wao wotehing the door, half sa a frenzy of fear, half in an agoay of anxious espeotation. I might have opaeed m^solf all ansiety— he aaver oarao. CHAPTEE XXXIX. OUT OF THE FR7ING-PAN INTO THE FIRE. To be, or not to be, that is the question : Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageoiis fortune, Or to tabe arms againBt a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them ? — Hamlet. For Gome fcims aftee Mrs. Vane's depairtore I mioosd hes? dreadfully, I had no oao to whom I eould open my heart, and my mind wag in g otato of mioerablo confuoioa. Wbafc had poG OQoaed me to accept Majos? PercivalP wao a qaeotion I asked myself by aight and by day. What infatuation had aeized aponmeP Was it right to marry a men that I did net lova — nay, that I could barely tolerate ? Would it not be the truest kindness to break off the match before too late (lending myself readily enough now to Mus Gibbon'o views on 0 similar occat-ion) ? I had hinted to cantie, aad hinted in vain ; at the very faintest ouopioioa of my drift she had become ieo. There wao do hope to bo had from her, nor from uncle. My fickleness wao Dotoriouo, ifc weald bo ^11 the oame to whom ever I was engaged ; I had gained a reputation ao d flirt that was poeitivoly unique. The Globo - trotter, Major Dillon,, poor Dicky Campbell, and Maurice— and now Major Perci val woo to oharo their fate, and go by the board ao well. With my aunt's saaotion— asver ! The match woo for my good, and although I appeared indiffer oat to my own interooto, ohe wao not. It woo fo2 my happineoo ; end whan people think they hovo your welfare in view how firm thoy can bo ! Auntie wgs adamant, I turned to uocle ; he wao pitiless as Foto. Ao a lost rooouroe I applied to Mojor Porcival, feeling my way with d few vague little generalities and diotant allu sions, then bvoad hints ; but all wore alike ineffectual. I might juot os well havo boen hinting io one of the elophsnto in the heavy battery for all the effect I produced. It neves dawned on bio mind that aoy poor girl in her eenaeo could poaoibly wish to revoke hoi' engage ment with him, Nothing remained fo? me but to put tho mofctei.3 nakedly before him, aad many end many cm hour I lay awake, turning ovey in my aaiod how I wao to break the newo, rehearsing what I would cny—- what he would oay— and, grand finale, what overyoao woald, soy, X had little on do moral courage ; vainly —vninly did 1 aaalso Rood gooolntiono ; bnt at last one day on opportunity forced itself bofore me, and I folt bound oot to lot it oooapo. We were nlono io tho plant-hous', roy fiance and myself. The eoid piont-hoxro wqq q largo eiroular cju struotioa, bmJfc of bambooo, pith, o lofty pointed roof— tho ? Zulu Iionoo,' Mourieo 'aoed to ©all it ; inoido it wao a oplenclid colleotioa of eool looking greoa plnoto. A picturesque fernery occupied tho centra^ cad round the oidos were bonko 0$. rook, oovosefi with fernp, ealodiumo, foliogo plnnto -— Jai'geoloavod nnd sbndy. It offordod a most delightM coati'DDt to tho yellow fllaro of tho nun on tho sand outoido. Major Porcivnl, clad (even to bin boo(p) in spotless white, nave for an easy-looking buff oilk coat, out of tho broant-poekefc of whioh peeped an qx quisite handliorohiaf redolent of white rosoo. Even at this easly houp his appearaocD was ovidoatly tho result o£ his most studied oare, Eye-glaso in eye he wao condeocondingly viaiting plant aftos plant, du&ting; off minute ineootu and atomo of dost with his aristocratic fingers. I fait that tho mosaont had como, ao with a violeat offorfc I brought up my courage to tho otioking pointy 'You moot and ohall opoak,' I oaid to myoolf with unwonted detei'miaation, drawing off my magnificoBt diamond aud 3apphiro ring ond holding it in tho hollow of a cold and fcrotnbling hand. Suddenly my companion jerked hio oye-glaoa out of; hiu eye, straightened hio back, and turned round and confronted me. ' You are looking uncommonly well this tnorninf-, Hora,' ho said, gazing at mo approv ingly. ' Nothing units you do wall as white. In yom1 white gown, with this greon background, you look— like — let me sae— like oao of those lilies we used to oee up in the hills. You are paler fchau you pood to be,' ho added reflec tively, rolling a cigarette between hia forefinger and thumb. «AmIP— = Major Porcival, I want to say Gomething to you, and I don't Imow how to oay it ; but I must speak,' I said in a hurried husky voice. 'I wish to put on end to our engage ment,' A long and appalling silenoe. I glanced at him timidly ; hia face was as black as thun der. ' Are you mad ?' he a^kod at leaf, with indig nant inoi'edulity. 'No, not mod,' I faltered, turning away my face, and holding my hand over my eyes to keep back the starting tears; 'only very, very miser able. We aro eot suited to oaoh other,' I v/esfe on with o courage that surprised myself. ' I do not love you as I should ; I made n great mia take, and I am ve)yp very sorry. { Forgive me,' I added in a broken voice, tendering my engage ment ring with trembling fingers, ' and golecao mo !' Another terrible oileuee ensued. I absolutely dared not look at Majoi1 PercivoL At length he said in hio naual voice : ' Now, who has been patting theso ridicmloaa ideas into your head P — that ratofffoeisgt impeE tiaosit little woman, Mrs. Vane, 01? yoar eotssia, the good-loolriag aido-de^carap, oh P° I made no reply. ' Youj? aunt and uncle are aot aware that you wish to jilt me P You hove not fcheie cano tion P' I shook my heed ; my tougue uefaoed §ita office. ' Now lioten to me, No?o, while I put the matter clearly before you.' I cannot recollect oil he said ; brat thio I know, that within five minutes' time, my ' ridiculouo reasocs ' were scattered to the four windo ; he wos an accomplished rhetorician, and diopossd of them with ludiorouo facility, 1 had never pi'ofeQsed to love Mm ; with a worm likiag he was oatiafied, We were just ao suitable to each othei? as we had been eight moEtho previously. The news of owe engage ment had gone far and wido. Hia Mends wese delighted to think ho was going to marry at laet. My diamonds ond carriages x?qw io pre patation, my relations had gives their hoaL'ty oanotion ; we hod gono too far to go book. Once Mra, Peroival — tho possessor of Mo ontiro dovotioa, o£ evory indulgence aad losury money and toste could procure, the onviod of all— I would be indeed hard to please if I wore nofc tho happiest girl in- the world. Thuo Major Peroivol. Poking my hand in his, 8 Why, what's thiD ?' he csied, discovering tho ring enfolded in my palm ; ' come, come, put it on ogain, end don'fc lot us have any more nonsense, oh, Nora ?' slipping it once more on my nerveleoo finder. 4 1 cannot think why you wiah to marry me|!' I aoked in a tearful tone, rolling a pebble to and fro witb, my shoe, 'What con be youc induce ment P1 'That io easily answered,' he replied, posoeoE0 ing himself of both my hondo. e You are young, you ore charming, you ore good-tempered' — wqq ip_«youare without comparison the prettiest girl in Indie, the 'deotroyinp, angol,' an you are called, and I have made up my mind tbot yon ohall be my wife.' There was no more to be aaid ; Major Peroivol and the force of eiroum stanceo oombined woro fai? too sti'oag for me. 'I poe what it is,' ho proceeded, dropping my hando, gravely poliehing his eye-glass, and sur veying me diapaDoionatbly by ito asoiotanoe ; ' you Dso not youroelf. Yoa are — ah— nervouo. You want tone. Tbo tudden heat of the weather io telling on you- You must d»ink claret, and 1 will speak to your auat about 0 good sound tonic. Ye0, a tonic is ivhofc yon require ; that will make you all Eight, and wo will hear 210 hjoyo of these nervous fanoioa. I suppose I had bottor not mention your foolish proposal indoors P1 he added, nodding iospi'oaoively fe\7Drds the houao. 'On ao _ account,' I made aocworwith ao^'voao hesto Bad a oinking heost. * TJLten, soolly, I think, Noro, you ought to givo me a Mgd £ov my oilonco,' approaohing an area to my shrinking waiot. ' Oh, hang him !' to a .flialle, who moot propitiously for mo, at thot momept mado .0 thiid in tho plonting-houas, watering-pot in hand, ' Hovre?©?, you will give it to me another time. There is the bell,' he continued, putting his hand affectionately inside my arm, and loaning on mo with unwonted familiarity. ' Come, my destroying angel ; my Neilgherry lily ; my fanciful Nora ! Come to breakfast !' and as we left the feroouy, armin arm, it ooosned to mo that, for from regaining my freedom, 1 had gono out of the frying-pan into the fire ! My efforts to fy.00 myoolf were unavailing, no bottor than those of a fluttering bird in the strong firm fjraop of a man. Things had gon® too far. As Mojor Poroival had said, circum stances were too strong for me, I conld not run away for a socond time in my life. The idea was preposterous. My trousaouu and wedding- ' cako wore already ordered, wo had received presents ond congratulations from numerous mutual friondo, the bridesmaids were be opoke, obi? eagogoEaenfi and imminent wedding'. a oohdly-ostabiiaued faofc. I could not break it off aad givo myself up to nnivegial opprobrium, eepeoiolly when my fatal notoriety waa taken into coaoideratiou. No ! it was aofc to be thought of, and yefc 1 halted batwoeu tczo opinions. I dared not put an end to my engagement, and yet I dreaded unspeakably the othos? olteunative. What was I to do? Sometimes swayed one way aad sjEnGtimes another, my beaia was in Q perfect fever. Little did my friends and rela tives guc-33 at the terrible conflict that was goin^ on in my mind. The mind, we all know6 hao a very coaoidorable effect on tho body, and my wakeful nighta Boon told a tale in pale, hollow cheeks and sunken eyes- Major Peroival noted the change in my looka with considerable imtatiom, one! was grievously asisiouo aboafc my ? sharpened features aed lost roseo, and thonko to his Quggeotion, an uuuttarobly nauseouo tonio wos duly odminiotered to mo by auntie's own hands no less than twice a day. Nellie Fox, too, remarked my altered appoarnaco with affec tionate anxiety. 4 What is tho mattes? with you, Nora ? Whj ore you so thin and 00 poio, and sj miserably oat of opii'itD P' oh© Doked, oarvoyieg me' tlioaghfally. : ?? 'lam perifoetly \70ll, I assure yoa, Nellie;-. the lasi; few doyo have been a little warmv' that's nil. 1 ne^er was a blooming beatsty, yora know,' I replied with aoeumed cheerf alneoa, i You are sot tho oame girl that yoa wese ois months ago,' she returned with an nig of eeooluto conviction. Then suddenly taking my hand in. hers pho added in a lower voico : ' I boliove this mari'iage ig preying on your mind — I am sure ic is ; I don't boliove you care two otrawo £01? Majoe Poroival, and if you don't love hion don't mor?y hiia. Evon at the foot of the altar it would bs setter to change your mind than give your haad without your heart. You will think me a senti mental noodle, but ju9t; listen to me, Nora. Yots know what my home is, not a very happy one, like yours; I am palpably de trop, and my mother is most deoirons to see me settled, ao oh© calls it ; well, I hod an excellent offer, as you may have heard, a very desirable popti in many ways, but as I did not core about tho man I would nofc marry him ; I had actually the hardi hood to return home single, to bs?avo all my re» latioas, ond to sot quantities} o£ hambio pie. Yet I have never repentod i6— aevoE1 5 I still posoesg my own self-respect aad independence. I am still Nellie Fos, spinotor, aged twoafcy- iifousv and bidding fair to bo on old maid. Noverthel0OB9 ' I woald rattles go out v/oshing or charing thon marry a man I did not love, and I would have thought thofc yon would hove shared my oenti mento. Confide in me, Nora; tell me what 10 the trouble you have on your mind. Two heads are better than one. 'Nothing ; Eothing,' I answered, with gb hysterical lough; 'you are full of sidiouloua fancies.' Then, suddenly loaning my head on her shoulder, my long pent-rap feelings found vent in hot tears. Slipping down on feho floor, I buried my faco in ho? lap, and wept as if my: heart would break. After a while I made an heroic effort and eoiapoood mysolf, drying my eyes ond endeavouring to stifle my long=drawn sobs. ' You aro my friend, Nellie,' I said, tak» ing her haado in mine ; ' never, nevek1 apeak q£ thia folly ot mine — never, as you love me ; it means nothing. I dare say everyone feels a little low and depressed when thoy aro going fco be married,' I concluded, with a watery omilo, as I hurried away to bathe my tell-talo eheeksi (To be continued.) 