BY MISS BR ADD ON, Author of " Eady Audley'a Seoret,"'' Phantom Fortune," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Oat by Che County," "Taken at the Flood," "Weavers and Weft," "One Thing Need fnl," "Mohawks," &o.; (Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAETHB II.-1" THROUGH &. GLASS DABKLY," The opera house waB not brilliantly failed. There were a great many important! functions going on that evening, events thiokening aathe season sloped towards its close, and it may be that the new Zerlina had not been sufficiently puffed, or that the real mnsio lovers who oan never have too mnoh Mozart are only the minority among opera goers. There were a good many blank spaces in the stalls and a good many untenanted boxes, nor was the display of diamonds and beauty aa splendid as it might have been. In an audience at hal! power Mrs. Cham pion's Oriental lovelineBB and Mrs, Champion's tiara of diamond stars shone conspicuous, She was dressed with that careless air whioh was her speciality, in some filmy fabrio of daffodil color, which wa* arranged in loose folds aorosB her bust and shoulders, the folds caught here and there as if at random with a diamond, star. A great cluster of yellow orchids was fastened on one shoulder, and there were yellow orchids pinned on her Elinor lace fan, while long black gloves gave a touch of eocentrioity to her toilette. Her one object in dressing herself waa to be different from other women. She never wore the fashionable color or the fashion able fabrio, but gloried in opposition, and took infinite paina to find something in Paris or Vienna which nobody was wearing in London. The awe-inspiring muBic which closes the second act, and seems to presage the horror of the scenes that are coming, waB hurrying to ita brilliant finiBh, when Gerard, looking idly down upon the stalls, Btarted at sight of the man who had mystified him more than any i other human being had ever done. There, 1 lounging in his place between two unoccupied j Beats, he saw Mr. Jermyn, apparently enjoying ! the music with that keen enthusiasm whioh only the real musio lover oan feel. His head j was thrown back, his thin, pale lips were I Blightly parted, and his large blue eyes beamed i with rapture. Yes, a man who passionately | loved muBio, or else a most consummate actor. The very presence of the man recalled ! Gerard Hillersdon to the business whioh waa j to be done after the green ourtain had fallen I and his fair companions had been handed into * their carriage. Ten minutes in a hansom, and ! he would be in his lodgings, and there ; would be no excuse for delay. Hia time would | have come before the clook of St. James's Ohurob struck midnight. He had looked at hia pistol-case involuntarily while he was dressing for the evening, He knew where it ator<d ready to hiB hand, and oloae beside the piBtol-caBB was a business-like letter from his landlord requesting the settlement of a long aocount for rent and maintenance-only snob breakfasts and casual meals as a young man of fashion takes at hiB lodgings-whioh had mounted to formidable figures. And an ounoe of lead was to be the sole settlement. For the first time in his life Mr, Hillderson felt Borty lor those eminently respectable people, hia landlord and landlady. He began to question whether he ought not at least to shoot himself out of doora rather than to inflict upon an old established lodging-house the stigma of a suicide, but the inconvenience of sell- destruc tion siib iove waa too apparent to him, and he felt that he must be selfish in this final act of a purely selfish life. Yes, there sat Justin Jermyn, complacent, full of enjoyment; the man who had told him what he was going to do, How the modern sorcerer would pride himself upon that foreknowledge to-morrow when the evening papers told of the deed that had been done there would doubtless be a paragraph in the . papers-three lines at moat- and perhaps a line on the oontents bill-DISTRESSING SUICIDE OF A GENTLEMAN. Suicides are always de scribed aB distressing when the Bslf-alaughterer is of. gentle blood. He felt angry with Jermyn for having con trived to haunt these last hours of his life, He sat watching the sorcerer all through the last act of the opera, noting hia elfin enjoyment of all that waa diabolical in the musio and the libretto. How he grinned at the discomfiture of Don Giovanni# how be roeksd himself with laughter at the abjeot terror of Lep6rello. No one approached him as an acquaintance. He sat in complete isolation, but in supreme en joyment, apparently the happiest man in that great theatre, the youngest and the freshest in the capaoity to enjoy, " And that laughing fool read my purpose as if my brain had been an'open book," mused Hillersdon savagely. His anger was not lessened when he glanced round while he was conducting Mrs, Champion to her carriage and aaw the Fate reader'a slim, supple figure behind him, and the Fate-reader'a gnome-like countenance smiling at him under an opera hat, " I am so sorry you are leaving London so soon," Baid Mrs. Champion, as he lingered at the carriage door for the one half minute allowed by the Jackin office at hia elbow. She gave him her hand and even pressed the band which held hera with more sentiment than she was wont to show. " Drive on, coachman,";. shouted the com« miasionaire. Nd time'for sentimental partings there! Hillersdon walked out of the covered oo*" lonnade. meaningTiopiok up the. firBt.hanBom ? tbat offered* itself He: had not gone three steps along the Bow-street pavement when Jermyn waa close beside him, '' W going h<?»0| Mr, Efiller&cIoQ; 2" ba o&ked;, in a fr:?nd!y fnnn. " DiligWul opera, 'Don Giovanni,' aiu't it TfcebssS outaad away. "FKuet'is £;y next favorite 5 but evsn Gonnod can't touch JIcz;r*.." ; "I dam/ay cot; but I am «o our-nohaaar. : Good night, Mr. Jeruiyn, I am going home ; immediately." ; "Eon'fc. Ooma fttid h»va aome sapper with ; me. I coly haif told yuar fortune this attar- j BOCD, jou were eo deuoedly impitisst, I hire | good deal mote to tell you. Ouma aud hava | eorreeupptr in noy ohambera:" : "Scire other niiibt, perhaps, Mr, Jarmyn, liars goirg straight; home." ! "Alg yon ixean tcere thill bg bo aihst : piphttiia your hftj?"' sdid Jermyn, ia a low, tilky voice tb&fc; made Hillatadba asu'aRe. for it jarred upon bis irritated nerves rnoro than lha harshest accents could bave dene. "Good night," ha said curtiy, turning on bis heel, . Jeimjn waa not to be repulsed. "Gome home with me,"he said: I wont leave yon while yott have the suicide flliiw oa your forehead, -Gome to auppar with me, Hillersdon, I have a brand of champagne that will smooth out that ugly wrinkle, if you 11 only give the stuff a fair trial." f "I don't know where fou live, and I don't care a jot for your wiuea or any body else's* I am leawnfc town, to morrow morning, and I want my laat hours in London ; for my own purposes," , ' Jermyn put his arm through. Hilleradon a, ? wheeled him round in the direction of Long' acre, and quietly led him away. That was hia answer to Sillersdon'a testy spaeoh, and the : young man submitted, feeling a vis inertia;, a : languid indifference which made him conaen- ; tienfc to a atranger'a will, having lost all will- ; power of his own, ! He was angry with Jermyn; yet even more angry with himself, and in that stormy sense of indignation, tempered curiously with supine- | ueBB, he took but little note oi which way they ; went, 'He'remembered going by Lincoln a Inn j Fields and the Turnstile. He remembered ; orossing Holbourn, but knew not afterwards , whether the Bhabby, equalid . looking inn j beneath whose gloomy gatehouse Jar my a led j him did or did not open direotly out of the j great thoroughfare. . i He remembered always that it was a moat j diBmal loobing concatenation of tall, Bhabby houses, forming a quadrangle, in whose atony ; centre there waB a dilapidated basin, whioh j might once have been a fountain. The summer j mooD, riding high and fast amid wind-tossed ] clouds, shone full into the Btony yard and lit up the Bhabby fronts of the houBeB, but not one lamp-lit window cheered with the suggestion of life and occupation. . "Do you mean to say yen live m thia ghastly hole?" he exclaimed, speaking for tha first time since they left Bow-street; *' it looks as if it were tenanted by a company of ghosts# "A good many of the houseB are empty, and I daresay the ghosts of dead usurers and dis honest lawyers and broken-hearted, clients do have a high time in the old rooma now and again," answered Jermyn, with hia irrepressible laugh; "but I have never seen any company but rats, mice, and such small deer, as Bacon Bays, Of course, he was Bacon, We're all agreed upon that." _ Hillersdon ignored thw frivolity aad stood dumbly, while Jermyn put hiB key into a door, opened it, end led the way into a passage that was pitoh dark, Not a pleasant situation to be alone in a dark; passage at midnight in a scarcely inhabited block of buildings quite out off from the rest of the world with a man whose repute was decidedly diabolioal. Jermyn struck a match and lighted a small handlamp, which improved the situation just a ^'"Thia is my den," he said, " and I've made the place pretty comfortable inside, though it looks rather uncanny outside," Ha led the way up an old oak staircase, narrow, Ehabby, and unadorned, but oak pannelled, and therefore preoious in the eyes of those who cling fondly to the paBt and to cid Iwuuua .whiuh is so swifldy vanishing off the face of the earth. The little lamn gave but in*Flight enough to make the darkness of the staircase visible, till thev came io a landing wheie the moon looked iu through the murky panes of a tall window, aud anon to a higher Izziisg where a vivid streak of lamplight under a door gave the first token of habitation. Jermyn opened thia doo?; sad bis guest stocdhalf blinded by the brilliant light, and not a little aBtonithed lay the elegant luxury of those two rooms, opening into each other with a wide archway, whioh Mr. Jermyn had called his "den." Hilleradon had been in many bachelor rooma within the precinotfl of The Albany, in Picoa* dilly, St. James's, and Mayfair, but he had seen nothing more studiously luxurious than the Fate reader's den, Heavy velvet curtains, of darkish green, draped the ahuttered windows. The ingle-nook was quaint, artistic, comfortable, the glistening tileBwere decorated with Btorka and sea birds, whioh might have been painted by Stacey Marks himself. The furniture was ail that is most rare and genuine in the relios of the Chippendale era. The carpet was a marvel of Oriental undertones and Oriental richness of fabric. The few pieces of pottery which made spots of vivid color here and there amidst the prevailing sombreness of hue were choicest specimens of Indian and Italian ware, The pictures were few, A Judas, by Titian; a wood nymph, naked and unashamed, against a dark back ground of foliage, by Guido s and three ouriona bits of the early German sohool, made up the Bhow of art, save for a bust of the Fate reader in blaok marble, a curiously faithful likeness, in whioh the fawn like character of the head and the elfin smile were but slightly accen tuated. Thia bust stood upon a pedestal of dark red marble and Beemed to command the worn. , . , , ,,, The inner room was furnished aa a library There the lamps were shaded and the light subdued, Here under the centre lamp that hung low over the Bmall, round dining table appeared all the arrangements for a dainty little Bupper. Two covered dishes on a chafing dish; a truffled pullet and a miniature York ham, a lobBter salad, strawberries, peaohea, champagne in a brazen ice pail ornamented with Bacchanalian figures in repouss^ work, " My servant has gone to bed," said Jermynj «but he haB left everything ready, and we can wait upon each other. OntletB, Balmi aux oliveB," he said,lifting the covers; "whioh may I give ycu?" "Neither, thanks, I told you I Jhad no appetite," . " Discouraging to a man who ia as hungry aa ahunt6r," retorted Jermyn, helping himself; "Try that maderia, it may give you an appetite.'' . ... Hilleradon seated himself opposite hia host and took a glass of wine. His curiosity waa stimulated by the Fate reader's surroundings; and, after all, the thing which he had to do might Btand over for a few hours. He could not help being interested in- this young man, who either by instinct or by a happy gueaa had fathomed his purpose. The luxury of these roomB piqued him, so striking a contrast with the Bhabbiness of hia own WeBt-End lodging, albeit that lodging was far from cheap. He waa supposed to pay for "situation," Of i luxury he had nothing, of comfort very little, How did. Jermyn contrive to be so well off, he wondered? Did he live by fate- reading, or had i he means of hiB own? | Jermyn was eating hia supper all thia while, end with a fine appetite and an epiourean : gusto. After a couple of glasses of madeira i his guest helped himself to lobster salad, and i when Jermyn opened the champagne the two : men were hob-nobbing comfortably, and that ; wine being choice of its kind and admirably ! ioed Hilleradon drank the best part of a bottle, i and found himself enjoying his supper more ! than he had enjoyed anything in the way of ! meat and drink for a long time. I The conversation during supper was of the : lightest, Jermyn letting off hia criticisms, . mostly unfavorable, upon people known to ; them both, and laughine tremendously at hia j own wit. He was careful not to mention Mrs. Champion, however, and Hilleradon had no ; objeotion to spatter mud upon the ruck of hiB i acquaintance. Supper over, and a box_ of I cigars open between them, with a silver spirit j lamp shaped like a serpent offering its flaming i jaws for their use, the men grew more aarioua< ' It was past 1 o'clock. They had been a long : time over their supper and they seemed no i longer strangers-intimates rather, not united ' by any particular esteem for eaoh other, but | one in their contempt for other people, 1 "The champagne has wiped out that ugly wrinkle already," said Jermyn with his friendly ! air; " aud now tell me what could induce you I to contemplate such a thing " j "What thing?" asked Hilleradon, waxing i moody. . . _ I Jermyn's reply was pantomimio. He passed i his hand across his throat, significant of a i razor; he tnmed hiB hand towards hia open I mouth, suggestive of a pistol; he tossed off an ! imaginary poison cup, I "You insist upon suggesting began j Hilleradon angrily.. . . m, 1 " I tell you I Baw it in your face. The man who contemplates Buioide has' a look whioh no man who reads the human countenance oan mistake. There is a fixed horror in the eyes as of one who stareB into the unknown, and knows that he is nesting the mystery of life and death, There are perplexed lineB about the brow, . shall I or Bhall I not?' and there is a nervous hurry aa of one who wants to get a disagreeable business over as aoon aa may be. I have never been miBtaken yet in that look. Why, my dear fellow, why ? Surely life at eight and twenty ia too precioua a thing to be frittered away for a trifle." , '»»Yon take my life when you do take the meanB by whioh I live,'" quoted Hilleradon, " Baoon again. That fellow haa something to Bay abont everything. Yon imply that you are impecunionB and wonld rather be dead than pennileBB." .. Take it bo, if yon please." '< Good. Now how oan you tell that fortune is not waiting for yon at some turn in the road; yon know not that road of the fnture whioh DO man knows till he treada it. Bo long aB a man iB alive be haa always a chance of beoom Sng a millionaire. Bo long as a woman ia un married there iB always the possibility of her owl? ft gaotoffli" "Kn chance of Foti^a in my owe ia ao reicote th^it is not worth oC^HiJeritssf. Ian ? the yoncper fioit of a yuuager bou, Titif-". aa sclative Jiving likely to IeaT8 mo the sarallssS , ' leg^r. UnleEB T coald maks a forion'9 by literature I havo no chance of making ona by i a»y extttioc of a>y o»n; audi my second boak we 8 BO dire » failure that I hava it not ia ma to write a third." " Fortunes drop from the oloada sometimes, HftTS yoa never done any riah man a service which might prompt him-when disiributisg Bup. iflaowi ibouaanda-to leava a faw to yoa?" " Never wthi'n my recollection." . "Come DOW. JookiDg baok at your life, is there bo act in it of which you might Fairly ba proud, no fcouoh of the heroio, no deed worthy a paragraph in the papers." "None. lonoaeaved- anoldman'slife, bat Idoubt if the lile were wortn eaviag, siaca the old wretoh aid nnttsouble himself to thank me for having mkediuy own life in hia service." " You BBved an old man'a life at hazard of of your own 1 Gome, that sounds heroio," cried Jermyn, flinging hia fair head baok agaiost the blackish-green of the velvet ohair cover and laughing with all his might. The black bust showed a little to the left, above the level of his head< and it seemed to Hilleradon that the black face was laughing as broadly as the white one. "Tell me the whole story-pray now-it sounds absolutely heroic," urged Jermyn. "There is very little to tell," replied HillerBdon ooolly, " nothing either to laugh at or to be thrilled by. I did only what any other active young man would hava_ done ia my position,, seeing a. feeble old man in paril of immediate death, IfcwasatNioa. You know what a wilderness of iron the railway- station there is and how one has to hunt about for one's train. It was at carnival time, dusk, and a great; many [people were going baok to Cannes, I myself among them, The old man bad ai rived from another train going eastwards and was making for the platform, when, a great high engine bora I steadily down upon him,, by no means at i express Bpeed, bet fast enough to paralysehim, I so that instead of getting out of the way he [ Btocd staring; hesitating, helpless. An instant ! more and that vast mass of iron would-have ; cut him down and dashed the life out of him, I I had but time to drag him out of the traok i before the engine passed mgj brushing my | shoulder aa it went by. I took him to the i platform. Hardly anyone had seen our ad venture. I had a friend with me at the station, with whom I had'lunched'at the Cos mopolitan' and who bad insisted on seeing me off. I told him briefly what had happened, left the old man in bis care, and rushed back to look for my own train, which I caught by the Bkin of my teeth," "And the old churl never thanked you ?" ''Not by a word. HiB only remark was an enquiry about hi* umbrella, which had fallen out of his hand when I pluaked him from the jaws of death, I beli6va he felt himself ag grieved because I had not rescued bis umbrella as well as himself." "Was he English, do you think 2" "Distinctly British. A Frenchman or Italian would at least hava been loquacious, if not grateful." "The Bhook may hava made him speech less." "He found epeeoh to enquire after his . umbrella." "True, that looked black I" said Jermyn, laughing; "I'm afraid he must have been a thankless old dog. And you never troubled to find out who he was, X suppose-what manner of man you had snatched from sudden death ?" "I had not the slightest interest in his identity." " So! Well, now, let us talk still further of yourself and your prospects. You know that people call me the Fate reader, Now I have a fancy that your fortunes ara on the threshold of a great change-and that, apart from the folly of anticipating death, the inevitable, in your case it may be very much worth your while to live." "You are vague and gen&al.; "What IORH 61 good fniinng An you prediot for me ?" " I pretend to no gift of prophecy, I only profeBs the power of insight. I can read what men are-not what ia going to happen to them; but as in m&ny; oaBfs character is fzic I have been able to hazard some shrewd guesses about the future." "And in my case what are your guassas 2" " I would rather not tell you." " The outlook is not satisfactory, then 2" '* Not altogether. The character of a man who at eight-and- twenty can contemplate suicide aa the shortest way out of hia em barrassments is not a character that promises well, I am frank, you see," " Vastly frank." "Don't be angry." laughed Jermyn;. "I pretend to be no hera myself, and it I were very hard up or very much bored Ldareaay-I too might think of a bullet or a dose of pruaaia add.. Only that kind of idea argues a character at once weak and selfish. The man who fakes his own life runs away from the universal battle, sett shows a selfish indifference to those he leaveH behind, in whose minds the memory of bis death will be a lasting pain." "Mjr poor mother," sighed Hilleradon, recoRnising the truth of this assertion. " You would have killed yourself because you were ennnied and unhappy ? because you have wssted opportunities and given the bast years of yonr life to a hopeJesa passion. Y ouc reasons were not strong enough; and even:if I wera not here to demonstrate your folly I think your hand must have faltered at the last moment aad you would have asked yourself Is the outlook so very black after all? Does not one gleam of light pierce the darkness?" " The outlook ia as black aB pitch," answered Hillendon, expanding under the influence of the wine he had drunk bo freely, ready now to talk to this acquaintance of a day as if he were his bosom friend and companion of years; '1 there ia not a gleam of light, not one, I have wasted my chances; I have frittered away what ever talent or capaoity I may have- possessed when I left the university. I am a dependent upon a father who can ill. afford me the shabbiest maintenance, and to whom I ought to be a help rather than a burden. I have been-and must be as long as I live-the slave of a womaa who exaots servitude and givea nothing-whose heart sad mind after years oi closest associa tion are still mysteries to me, who will not own that sh^ loves me, yet will not let me go." " Mrs, Champion is a remarkably clever woman,"said Jermyn coolly, "but there are depths which you have never fathomed under that calm and virtuouB surface. Leave her for another divinity and you will see of what she is capable. If that hopeless attachment is your only trouble I snap my fingers at the necessity of suicide. A day, an bour may bring you face to face with a womaa whose influence will make you forget Edith Champion." " You have no right to make free with Mrs, Champion's name. How do you know that she has any influence over my life?" " I know what all the world knows-your world of Mayfair and Belgravia, Hyde Park and South Kensington-and I know what I read in the lady's face, A dangerous woman lor you, Mr. Hilleradon; witness these wasted years of which you complain. But there are women aB fair, to love whom would be a less abjeot servitude. Do you remember the vision that Mephietophelea showed Faust in the witoh's kitohen?" 11 Gretohen at her spinning-wheel." " Gretohen at her wheel helongB to the opera, I fancy, The vision Faust saw in the witch's looking-glaBB was the vision of abstract beauty. You may remember that when he Bees Gretohen in the street there iano recognition of that supernal face he had just seen in the glass. He was only caught by a pratty girl tripping modeBtly by, going home from churah. The vision may have been Aphrodite or Helen for aught we know. A clever trick, no doubt, that vision in the glass. Look yonder, Hillera don, look at that faoe there. knows to you in the past-the face of a girl steeped in poverty, beautiful as a dream, yet no better off in this world for her loveliness. Look at that fragile form bending over a sewing-machine, our ! modern substitute for the spinning wheel. Look at me, Hillersdon," repeated Jermyn* fixing him with those cold, calm, blue eyes, from which there radiated a sudden thrilling influ ence that steeped Gerard Hillersdon's senses in a dreamy light, as of worlds and atmospheres unknown j " and now look yonder," He waved hia hand carelessly toward the inner room, where in the subdued light Hilleradon saw the figure of a girl, Bhadowy, dim, and vague at firBt, and then developing gradually from nalegrey shadow into luminous diBtinctneHs. The faoe was turned to him, but the eyes saw him not; they gazed sadly out into space, full of hopeless melanoholy, while the hands moved monotonously backwards and forwards across the table of a sewing maohine. A girl in a grey cotton frock Bitting at work at a sewing machine. That waa the vision Gerard Hillersdon saw against the dark background of Mr. Jermyn'a library, but the girl's pinched and palid face wbb as beautiful in form as the face of Raffaelle'a loveliest Madonna, and in its profound melancholy there WBB a sweetness that melted hia heart, Something, too, in that fair Gretchen like countenance struck him bb strangely familiar. He had seen the faoe before, not in a picture or in a atatue, but in common place every day life. When or where he knew not, Jermyn threw hia half-Bmoked oigar up iato the air and burst into his elfin laugh, The vision faded on the instant, as if he had laughed it away. "There ib your modern Gretohen," he said, "a poor little sempstress, slaving from dawn to dark for something less than daily bread, aB beautiful aB a Greek goddess, and virtuous enough to prefer cold and hunger to degrada tion, There iB your true type of a nineteenth century Gretohen, How would you like to be Faust 2" I should like to poBsesa a share of Faust's power. Not to betray Gretohen, but to seoure my own happiness," "And what is your idea of happiness?" asked Jermyn, lighting a fresh cigar, "Wealth," answered Hilleradon quiokly, " For a man who has lived under the goad of poverty* who has felt day by day and hour by hone the torment of being poorer than hia fellowmen, there aan be but one idealof bliss money And plenty of it,. From my? aohooldaya np^p&rda; I hsva lived among men batter off tbsa xnjseij'r . Ai i£a usirsrsity I got into trouble because I axceedtfu my allowance. My father oould jaat afford to£ive me t »'0 QUQ^wa a year, I spent from fchraa Jo four handrail J but the excess, though it cattfed no end of trouble at home, left me still a pauper among KISS who spent a thousand. I had been sent to an expensive college and told to economise j to enjoy all the privileges of contact with men of rank and Dr.sition, to be among them but not of them. "I happened to be popular, and ao could not altogether seolude myself from my fellowmen. I s?aa pinched and harassed at every turn, and yet plunged in debt and a malefaotor to my family, I oame to London, studied for the bar, eat my dinners, wasted my father'd substance on fees, and never got a brief. I wrote a book which won iustan taceouB Boocesf, and for the moment I was riob. I thought I had opened a gold mine, "bought my mother a-pair of diamond earringa which she did not want, and sent my father a fine set of Jeremy Taylor, which he had been longing forever Bince I could remember. I fell in Iavawitha beautiful girl, whoreoiproo&tedmy; affection, but wbb not allowed' to marry a man whose- only'resources were inhia inkHtand. She was notinoonsolable, and our engagement waa no EOOuer broken than Bhe married a man old enough to be her father and rioh enough to make her apersonage in the amart world. My next book, written while I was writhing under the sting of (his disappointment, waa a dead failure. I had no heart to begin another book. I have lived Bince, aa a good many young men contrive to live in this great oity, from hand to month, and the emptiness and hopelessness of my life have been known to me for a long time.: Do you wonder that I bsgan to think aotual nothingnesa better than this middle atate between life and death-thia perpetual weari ness of an inane and purposeless existence?' "And yon think that wealth would open up a new future and that life would be no longer aimless ?" " Wealth means power," answered Hillera don. " With wealth and youth no man should be unhappy unless racked by physical pain. A rich man is maBter of the universe." " YeB, hut white ha enjoya the power wealth gives his life is ebbing. Everyday of enjoy ment, every ardent hope satisfied, every extra vagant wish realised is a nail in his coffin, The men who live longest are men of moderate means- not worried by poverty nor elated by wealth-men in whose obscure and retired lives sooiety takes very little interest-scholars thinkers, inventors, some of them perhaps, whom the world hears of only after they are dead-men who think, and dream, and reason, but expe rience nothing of life's feverish movement or man's fiercer passions, D& you remember Bal zac's story of the Feau de Ghagrin?"' "Not very clearly. It was one of the first French novels I read; a kind of fairy tale, I think." " It is more an allegory than a fairy tale. A young man tired of life like you is on the brink of Buicide-has made up hiB mind to die, as you made up your mind to-day-when to waste the time betwixt afternoon and night he goes into a bric-a-brac shop and turna over the wonders of worlds, old and new. Here amidst treasure of art and relics of extinot civilisations he finds the queerest curio of all in the person of the brie-a. brae dealer, a man who boasts of his century and more of life, the quiet passion less life of the thinker. This man shows him the Pean de Chagrin, the skin of a wild asa hanging against the wall. With that talisman he offers to make the intending suicide richer, more powerful, and more renowned than the King of the French. ' Road,' he ctias, and the young man readB a Sanscrit inscription whose letters are so interwoven in the metallic luatre of the skin that no knife can eradicate the faintBBt line. The Sanscrit: translated runs thus: If you possess me you possess all, But your life will be mine. Wish And your wishes will oe fulfilled. But rule your wishes by Your life. At every wish I shall shrink iike Your days. Woulds't Have me. Taie, " This iflecriptiouia the allegory of life, The oldman told the youth how he had offered the talisman to many, but how, though one and all laughed at its possible infiaezrea over their future destinies, all had refused to traffio with that unknown power. And for the owner of the:,talisman, why had he never tested its value 1 The old man answered that question by ex pounding his theory of life." 5' And what was his theory ?" " ' The mystery of human life lies in a nut shell,' said the centenarian. ' The life of action and the life of passion drain the sources of existence. To will, to do, to desire ardently is to die, With every quickening o! the pulse above-normal health, with every tumnlt of the heart, with every fever of the brain, fired by ardent hopes and cotSiatiag wishes, a shred, is torn off the fabriff of a man's- life,. The men who live to age like mice are the men whosa passions and desirss, ambitions and greed oi power have been rigidly suppressed, the men of calm and contemplative temperament, in whom mind rises superior to heart and senses, who are content to reason, to know, to see, and understand the world in whioh they live,' And that old man was right. There is ahidien meaning in that sentence of Holy Writ-'The race is not ta the swift.' If you would live Ion? take life largo, not presto," " Who cares for length of years 2" exclaimed Gerard Hillersdon. " What a man wants is to live, not to crawl for a century on thafaae of this planet, afraid to lift his head from the earth lest a thunderbolt Bhonld strike him. I wish I could Btroll into a brio-a-brao Bhop and find the pean de chagrin, I would be content to see the talisman dwindle daily if every diminution marked an hour of happiness, a wish realised." " Well, I Buppose that is the only philosophy of life congenial to a young mind," said Jermyn lightly, "The centenarian who never really lived bcaBtB of length of daya and oheata him self with the idea that he haB, had the best of tfes bargain; but to live for ten glad, reckless years must be better than to vegetate for a century." " Infinitely better." said Hillersdon, getting up in a fever of excitement and beginning to walk about the room looking at this and that, the bronze idols, the enamelled vasea, and old ivory carvinga in the niches and recesses of a Bombay blaokwood cabinet. "You have the peau de chagrin hidden somewhere in your rooms, perhaps," he suggested laughingly, " or at any rate aome talisman which enables you to make light of life-to see a jest where other men Bee a pro blemn only to be Bolvedby death." " No, I have so talisman, I have nothing but will-will strong enough to conquer passion-and insight by which I can read the myttery of mankind. You who have a stronger individuality.-a passionate, exacting personality, an intolerable ego which must be satisfied somehow-are created to suffer, I am created to enjoy, For me life, aa you eayr ia a jest." "So it waB for Goethe's Devil," answered Hillertdon. "I believe there ia a touoh of the diabolical in your composition, and that you have about as much heart and consilience as Mephistcpheles. However, I am beholden to you for your persistence in bringing me here to night, for you have amused me, mystified me, provoked my curiosity, and routed thoughts whioh I oonfeaa were of the darkest." "Didn't I tell you.a supper and a bottle of wine would be your best counsellor," ex claimed Jermyn, laughing, "But the dark thoughts will be back again in a day or two, no doubt, since you have no talisman to offer me whioh will pour gold into empty pockets, and yon do not even propose to buy my shadow. I would run the risk of being as uncomfortably conspicuous aa Peter Sohlemihl for the same power to create illimitable masses of sterling coin." "Ah, those are old storiee-allegories, all, be assured. If I were to say I bsw the promise of fortune on that perplexed brow of yours you would laugh at me. All I aBk is that if Fortune does pour her gifts into your lap yon will remember that I bade you tarry at the gate of death." {To he continued,) 