SPORTING NOTES. RACE MEETINGS TO COMTS. KTXG&TON;,-MARCH 4, Nominations closed Fobrnary 12, Weights, February 17 and 18, Accoptancos, February 23 Oonera' rntrio*, March 8. STRATHDOWNIK. - March 5. Nominatlona closed Fobroftty 14, Weights, February 2), Acceptances, February is, Oenurol entries to noon of Manh 6, MILLIGHNI.-March 11, Nomination I closed February 18, Weights, Febrmry 21. Acceptances, March ('. General entries, MARCH 10. NARRACOORTK,-March 18, Nominations, Fobrnary 10\. Weights, February 28, Acceptances, March 0. PBSOIIA,-March 25 and ?G. Nominations, March 0. Weights in Sorter Fl'FLFOFT March 11. Acceptances, JJaroh 17, General entries, March 21, ONKAPARINQA.-Easter Monday, March 80. NOMI NATIONS CLI'AED Fobrnary 12, Acceptances, SLA oh 0. General entries, March Q8 PORT MACDOJJNELL.-April L. SOCTU AUSTRALIAN JOCUKV CLVB.-April 11,10, and 18\. Nominations. Fehrnnry 10. HAMILTON.-April 22 and 28, Nominations, Apill 1, r, Qen«ral entries, April 21. Handicaps, April IB. Ac ceptances, April 18. : . SPOHT3 TO COME] » SI, PATRICK'S DAY SPORTS,-March 17. Nomina r tlons. February 28. Handicaps, Maroh 4. Acooptanoog, March 11, MODST G*MBI8R ATHLETIC Ores,-Easter Monday, aroh 80, Nominations February 28, Handioaps, arch 7I Acceptances, March 10, MILMCRN'T CALBDOHIAN SOCIETY.-Eaetor Monday, March 80. The Warraoknabeal races were run on jPriday. Hollowback carried off the ,Oup» value 50 bovs., and Blondin the Hurdlerace. Ariel heat Dean Swift and 'Others in the Publicans' Purse. At Dimboolu on Wednesday Hollow* back won the Handicap from Britannia, Bean Swift getting third. Tka last named had previously appropriated the Flying Handicap, hiwiug Wonca and Royal Blend in the places. The Hurdle race fell to Tommy Hudson. Gainaforth, who rode Bungebah, on being interviewed after the Newmarket, stated that he got a remarkably good atart, and was never headed from start to finish. The only horse he saw in the raoe was Prattler, who at one time got up within a length of him. He never pushed Bungebah, and, in faot,, the horse was not properly extended during any part of the race, Gainaforth asserts that it necessary he could have won by twenty lengths! He considers Bungebah the greatest sprinter that Australia has ever I Been, The Sydney trainers oommenced the meeting well, thefirst four winners being trained in that (olony, They also have a show of palling off a number of other raoea before the meeting is over. Penance, the winner of the Asoot Vale Stakes, is by Grand Flaneur from Peni- 1 tent, and oarried a 141b. penalty for win ning a race iq Sydney. The programme of the Hamilton meeting will be found in our business columns. The events will be the same as they were last year, viz.'First day Maiden Plate, of-15 sovs., three-quarters of a mile; Handicap Hnrdleraoe, of 40 BOVB.; Hamilton Cup, handicap of 60 sovs.; Selling Race, of 30 sova,; SelliDg Hurdlerace, of 20 sovs. Second day Trial Stakes, of 15 aovs ; Juvenile Stakes, ofSOaova., for the produce of the sires Autoorat, Kinf? of the Ring, and Harlequin j Hieing Club Handicap, of 40 BOVS.J Second Hurdlerace, of 30 sovs.; Selling Race, of 20 aovs.j and a Pony Race of 10 sovs. Meteor has left the post for the pad dookj having been purchased by Mr, R. O'Oonaor, of Tasmania. .Writing from San Franoiaoo, Mr. Joseph Thompson s»ys there is not much ohance of hiui poing in for a new race» oourse. It would cost too much. In all probability, he aays, he will spend a por tion of the coming aeaaon in England, and then return with his wife and family to Australia. John Roberta, junior, has challenged Peall to play a billiard niatoh for £500 B-side, the game to be 24,000 points and Peall to receive 12,000, the spot stroke being barred. Tradition has been put in work again after a lengthened apell. At the Madras Sky races the two prin cipal events were won by the Auatralian bied horsea Merry England and Gold. The result of the St. Leger was a bit of a surprise, and ghows what a faroe ia touting', ' Nearly all the touts said that; Gibraltar was aa big as a bullock, and some went BO far as to assert that it would be cruelty to animals to start him in a big race, still he got there all the fame, and landed a fair amount of money "for the lucky few who backed him. Those who saw the son of Grandmaster win the A.J.G. Derby stud that a gamer horse never looked through a bridle, and he certainly proved himself to bo as game -&B; thjy make them. Though Hales took things a bit easy on The Admiral at first, Gibraltar fairly wore the Derby winner down on the post by half a head. Hales rode a splendid finish. The victory of BunRobah baa been a great blow to the riug-a harder knock, in fact, than they have received for many yeara. He had been backed right through the chapter, and the metallicians found great difficulty in getting around on thoir boobs, na backers, as a rule, would not have anything but Bungebab, He has also been picked with everything in the Australian Gup that baa a ghost of a Bhow, so that on their double books, too, the pencillers arc certain to be struck, No win has been moro popular than Bungebah's for a considerable time. Cheer after cheer went up as the the horse passed the poat and hata were seen flying in the air in all directions, The amateur athletic championship meeting, which was held at Aucklaud, New Zealand, on February 6 and 7, was r distinct success. Tho weather was beautiful, and aomo of tho performances were phenomenal, two world's records, as Well aa sundry New Zealand ones, being lowered. The New South Wales flyer, "W. T, MnePherson, v> as the hero of the meeting, winning the lOOyda,, 250yds,, and 440yds. championship, in each case in splendid stylo, He completed the 100 yards in even time, beating the amateur record by l-Saec., and won tho quarter mile (in whioh he was pushed hard all the way by Hutchison, an Auckland com petitor, whom ho bout by linlf a yard only) in 50 2-5aeo,, which ia nearly 2aeo« faster than the beat time previously re cordcd in Now Zealand; but the moat wonderful performance of all was in the 250 yards race, in which MacPherson, who won easily, lowered the world's re oord, completing the distance in the marvellous time of 24l-lOsec, Aa, how ever, the pistol hung fire at the start, there is just a suspicion that the runners beat the time-keepers, of whom there were four. It should be said also that there was a Blight breeze behind the competitors, and that there was an im perceptible fall in the ground, H, W, Batger, of Wellington, lowered tha world's record in the quarter-mile hurdle race, in whioh his time was 61 2-5seo.; And fresh New Zealand reoords were Mtablished for a three-mile raoe and for the long jump. 