WRITTEN IN RED; Ob,. the; conspiracy in. the north CASE. s . ? \- ' "A STORY OF. BOSTON. Br CHAS.MONTAGTTH AMD C. W. DYAB. chapter XVI feoNTEsruKD) COXSPDSACT. Thomas nad risen and was holding up his .hand. There Was something horrible even to . tips veteran in toe merciless arraignment of the h osater of the woman he had protected. It might jff be true. John Lamm was the shrewdest of shrewd men ; but he would not believe it until 2te had all the proofs before him. "I tell yon, Lamm," he declared, "I will uot believe that woman planned that murder as leng as there is a chance in the world , for a reasonable doubt. And I can show — " There w&8& rattle at the door handle. " It's my, man Bill," said the detective, "back again from Swampscott." He unlocked the door. ''And what lias her ladyship to offer to day?" "ThiB." . Theraessenger placed a letter in John Lamm's hand. The detective broke the seal and read it eagerly. " See,' ' he said, passing jt to Thomas, ' itfs.from my little parlour maid at Swamp- _ scott." " :--/ The reporterpeowed the missive in his 'turn. "With a- little editing it would have read as follows:— . < ' . 1 ' f'She is getting worse and: worse. If this goes on much longer I can't stay here. Since Stella ran away Bhe's acted stranger than ever. . It wouldn't do to speak, to her for yourlife. Mr. -Fetridge callm liuit nit »pm, Thmrj talk was short. She -got a letter from her hus- bandlast night. I 'brought it from thepost-' \- officepand »I know his S's; She; spent all the ' evening, Ithink writing, forher roomwas hill ' of tiny scraps, written on, this morning ; but ahe must have torn them all up, Jor no letter . has been posted from this ho use; that's certain. Tmcrazy. to know ifthat poor girFs been heard, from, fion'tkeep thenews from me, as soon" as she is found. I. think Stella's going has scared M. She looks .like - a. ghost, ana Pin afraid of her, and so are all the rest." " It's evident she tried, to answer, the letter Blockhouse wrote her, 'I said Thomas. Some thing must have thrown her info an unusual etate of indecision." John Lamm's comments : were entirely mentaL He only remarked that he had a deal of work before him. Before setting out, however, on his new qnests, the de-. iectivetook a deluded notion that he wanted to be introduced to Stella, with whom he had never been given- an opportunity =to talk. Thomas was . delighted . at the chance of -con- "verting his friend- wholly to the cause of the'un- fortunate girl, as he was sure a visit to her would do. ' So the two men were soon to! -the horse oars, on their way to the reporter's home. \- Thomas led Lamm to alittleroom in the second storey, where his mother— a delightful lady with a sweet voice and a face'a little faded ana worn "with the cares of fifty years, but brimming -full ' of 'the goodwill and sympathy of a heart that tosyeaxs hadfailed to harden— is seated at . her knitting. The old ladytakesbff her spectacles, ; azriis delighted to meet any. friend of her son, whonitjs easy to see she has placed in a niche . far above v-he ordinary walks of mankind. She dropsallttle curtsey,' and when her son whispersjn herear, becomes brimful of impor tance/hod toystery." Going to the door of -the adjoining uhamber — her . own zoom— she says eOmething- to a low voice. There is a, rustle of a woman's dress. and Stella; North appears on the tortohold. Pale 'and haunted7 by -accrued fear such as never troubled her young life before, 8he is, neverthelee6, so much her old self \- that her gyes Stom ready- to laugh again, and Hie dimples to todent themselves' in her pretty cheeks, if snfficmnt encouragement is given Tor Iter roguish .-smile., Alas,, poor .child ! -Heir accustomed mirth had been a stranger to -her for some', time ; and the laughing' tone that nature had given her was- only a cruel mockery. It was useless for John Lamm to ask himself whethershe were part and parcel of the mur derous > conspiracy ; which he suspected. The refutation qfall doubt was written in her clear blue eyes, her timid-e'n rinkingfrom a stranger, herhonest, roguish mce. . Why, that girl was. meant for the open air and the sunshine, to sing, to' love, to be happy, he thought. It is an incongruous hardship that a ''tragedy, like this should, come into hefr life. She is as out of place as a' gay soubrette in the family of Lady Macbeth ? - Botwhen she spoke, when, encouraged by, he rtady tact -of Thomas,' she Was led' to take part in the pleasant conversation that-ensued — Thomas had -.expnesslv stipulated: that no to ference shouldbemade tothe tragedy — why, then John Lamm could not restrain his honest ndmirationand his cordial sympathy. , i Acrea- -fere,atxmce 60 frank, soiree, so shy and' so bold, so modest and sb'zeckleeB, in a breath, was enough todisarm the mrwt sever e of critics. Andthedetectivepronbunoedher themostperfect ' ideal of an innocent, mischievous, light-hearted girl, not too shallow to love, hut altogether too aunqy to hate. ' . But, more than allhe noted the half-abashed half- reverential air with which she regarded her guardian Thomas; .-and the peculiarly soli citous, respectful, and protectingmanner which ' . be exhibitedto waZds her. . " Well, well," sighed Lamm, as he walked away, ' there is one outcome to the North case which I feel perfectly safe in predicting at the present time. ' These two people are in love. A -cations match! Tothink thatThomas shonld meet his tote under suchcircumetances ! Well, . well ! I wish I felt so sure of the rest ak I do oftheml" - : And John Lamm hastened back to resume, the dropped thread of the case which was in tensifying in interest with every hour of inves tigation. " If I am right," he muttered, " 1 shall soon -find that Richard Fetridge and that curious woman were in thai house together." He went direct to his office and sat down at hisdesk. -CHAPTER XV1L— FETBTOGE is Still RE- ncaaiT.- \- Nr. Lamm, had hardly got' comfortably eettled in Ins chair, and was meditating a look over the public statutes to freshen his memory . cm a certain point, when his familiar announced, that Nr. Thornton JStackhouse .was in waiting. -' .. . The broker slib wed in his care-furrowed face nomStidng of the effect of - the -strain, he had been under ; but until he was alone with the deteotivphe maintained mnch of his accustomed decision of manner. Then he made no further < cffoitto concealbisanSioty. " " Mr. Lamm," he Baid, eagerly bending over the table and topping it with nervous- fingers, ><Hiis strain is beccunlng greater than I can «odnre, andl wantyour best advice what to dO." " You may command me,' ' was the response, . given in-by nomeans an unfriendly tone. "But ettdown, sit down, and. tolk about the matter calmly." "Calmly!" - Stackhouse- smiled bitterly. "You do not know what I have to suffer, man. The failure ib bad enough ; the distrust of me I see on every hand is hard,, to endure: but I -could stand up against everything if I did not have trouble at home." Thence was a break in the man's tone, -but be controlled himself in a moment, though he studiously avoided meeting Mr. Lamm's stead-, fast look. " My wife and I have had serious trouble. I cannot live here under all these burdens." -"Women are odd. sometimes," said Lamm, 1 "but almost all of them have some weak spot through, acquaintance with which they may be managed. It ought to he possible to effect a -reconciliation with your wife. Excuse me for speaking thus plainly, Mr. Stackhouse." , , "You know neither the woman nor the cause of the troable,"returnedStackhouBe. hurriedly. \ "'However, this was not the subject I came here to discuss.". "How can I assist yon, Mr. Stackhouse? Command me." "Mr. Lamm, I have every reason to believe that my steps are dogged — that all my actions \- ore spied upon. If I go in the streets after dark, there is a man always just at my elbow. \- 3f I make any sudden movement in the daytime somebody starts into, life in an .unexpected . quarter, and is directly upon my heels. Thie morning I opened a letter. As I stood still to xead it, I became aware that a face was peering over my shoulder. I turned suddenly, but'the . man was quite as quick, and passed on without looking at me. But I was well aware that I : did not -now see him for the first time. All of Which leads me to believe that I am watched." " A logical conclusion, Mr. Stackhouse. "WeQ, then," said Stackhouse, nervously, "what I came to ask you was this : Suppose I wanted to do so, what do you.think of the -possibility of my getting quietly out of town?" The detective's warning finger was uplifted fa an instant. " Don't go," pronounced Mr. Lamm, deci sively. "JBy no means try to leave Boston." " You mean it would be of no use for me to try," rejoined Stackhouse, dejectedly. "I know I am being-dogged constantly, but with yourholpi Ithonght — — . ' " There yrotddt be no fxodbleib giving the . drato the men : who follow yon abont,". said 'Tjj- Tanm " You could get away from Boston ' , enough. .But you would be Hopped 'by ' 1 iijilr-befigg, you had gone forty miles. \- ,AiMhfied>hpidBerial awuugymept wfih Messrs. Come, Mr. Staclffiouto, give up the idea of flight. It isn't like you to think of it. Stay . here and fight your trouble out, "man fashion, saying nothing, keeping quietly about your business. - You must not embarrass me, for one thing. lam running down the guilty party, I verily believe.") Stackhouse rose, clutching the table with bothharids. " You mean it ?" he said, hoatoely. \- Mr. Lamm nodded with perfect assurance. "Tdo infean it, Mr. Stackhouse. Now you . have retained me in this case, don't spoil my work by an attempt to run away. It would not only have' a very had appearance, but sadly interfere with my plans. Stand firm. I know you are having a great deal to contend with, but it will only make matters worse to — well, suppose we say change your base of operations. Come 1 Promise me that you'll quietly stay here in Boston until, at least, the North case ceases to he a mystery." The detective's hand was stretched out as he spbke, and soon encircled Mr. Stackhouse's palm. The warm grip seemed to put new courage into the man, and as he thanked Mr. Lamm and went out, he seemed more like the junior partner of North and Stackhouse, in their most flourishing days, than he had been for many a day. Mr. Lamm listened to the retreating footstep, and felicitated himself in having done at least one piece of good work. " I can't conscientiously say," he remarked to his reflection in the looking glass, "that I enjoy being retained by quite so many people in one case. Before this time 1 expected to be. able to resign from one or the other; but I don't seem to be quite able to make up my mind. What with Kingman's protegee and this luckless man Stackhouse, I have quite enough to occupy mymiud arid thought. Butnowforthat Apollo -whom I rasped." Mr. Richard Fetridge, was found in his quiet Ti≤ office in anything but a repoBeful state of mind, and his books and papers were in great disorder "Good afternoon, Mr. Lamm," said Mr. Fetridge:. "Excosb the looks of the room, and find a chair for yourself,' if you can. I've just been clearing up my Nicaragua Midland account. A- tidy sum I've> dropped in that swindle. It's nbt the money 1 care about, but the being token to - so shamefully. North and Stockhousej indeed ! ; A nice mess that rascally junior partner has made of it." "M& Lamm -acquiesced in; look, but not in words, and then began to question his com panion about the details of the failure and its extent. « "The creditors won't get ten cents on a dollar, sir." - . Richard Fetridge had repeated these words with much emphasis, when a little dried-up clerk, who had been holding an animated con versation in an undertone with some one in the passage, came Up with an apologetic air. 7 "Well, what's the matter; Glsen?" queried Fetridge, rather irritably. \- " Man at 'the door, ' answered the clerk. "Won't go away. Says "he must see you. Yery important business." 'f' What - sort of looking man?" asked the employer. ,< "Bather disreputable, sir. Been drinking, should say, but seems really to have business." As if by way of emphasing unmistakably Mr. Olsen's half -whispered words, an unkempt head, with watery eyes', peered in through the doorway. Mr. Lamm looked at him with mild curiosity, while Mr. Fetridge gave a start of recognition. "Good -day, sir," said a' shambling figure that little bvTLttie gained a foothold within the room, " Mr. Fetridge, good-day, sir, I hope you are well, sir." ' Without awaiting an answer to these saluta tions, delivered in rather A tlnck voice; Mr. Fetridge . motioned the clerk aside, and said to the detective under his breath— ' Just go inade the office yonder a moment. T suppose I must sto this fellow ; but I'll not be long. Inwardly wondering, Mr. Lamm suffered himself to be introduced into a little rpom, with a wiridow opening out upon a wall, and-f ornished. with two chairs, a deal table, and several rows ef shelves occupied by dusty hooks. There was afarilight over the door that gave access to the larger office. This much the de tective knew at first -glance. _ '"I must use that fanlight," he said to him self. " This proceeding of Fetridge is very curious. It may be only one of his whims — , he's a notional man, I can see. But, at any rate, it willdo no harm to watch the interview. What can a well-to-do man like Fetridge have -in- common with a fellow like that ?" .. As Mr, Lamm asked himself the question he noitolesgly - brought a chair , to the door, and' followed that proceeding with an equally silent transfer of several hooks.By theaidof this, device the dettotive' fburid himself able to look through' the fanlight unobserved, arid soon "realised that he could hear .as. well-asjjgift. . \- ' The unkempt head was'unpleaa@ay near : "Mrl Fetridge, as Mr-Lammlobk-ed inj and the egression of diBgnst onMr. Fetridee's counten ance left no room to doubt that he fully realised the fact. "I wan' ten ddll'rs, an' I wan' it now," re marked the caller, thickly, hut emphatically. " What do you tmean?" -returned Fetridge, drawing away hie arm. " Didn't you promise, on your honour, when I gave you the money last time, tiiat you wouldn't trouble me again'?" " There was a cunning look in the bleared, red eyes. ,. » j was half full and don' remember what I said," he rejoined. "Bon' care, any way. I wan' that ten doll'rs, and I must have it!" The . visitor shook his trembling hand at Fetridge' with an apology tor a threat. Mr. Lamm, rather surprised, noticed that the busi nessman did not openly resent hiR companion's tone, bat stood thbre, evidently in much per plexity of inind. - \- - "Come," continued the tramp, in louder tones. ' You can't frighten me! I know where you were that riighb— dbn't forget that!" . \- Mr, Fetridge wheeled his importunate caller around and said, in apprehensive warning — . " Hush ! , Don't iipcsk so loud ! There are people within hearing ! ' ' " Hand over, then," answered the man, sullenly,''" and make no more hones about the matter, either !" ' As if fearful of some ' interruption, Fetridge put some money between the grimy fingers of his creditor mid fairly' pushed him out of the \- room amid some mutterings which the watcher -at the fanlight could not overhear. Nr. Lamm .had restored the books to the shelves and was sitting down, looking ont into the well, when Fetridge opened the door of the little office. " Come in,"hbBaid; "I've got rid of the fellow ; used to be a' gardener on my place at Swampscott, and I put up with bis visits because'be is really a capable man when not in liquor." Jonri Lamm looked Richard Fetridge full in tbetocg, I" When I am in a gentleman's employ," be began, "Fdbnot feel that I have done my full duly as confidential detective if I do not warn him when he. is treading on dangerous gronnd." Richard.Fetridge grew a little red in the face. "What do you mean r" he asked, con strainedly. " Imean that when a gentleman situated as 'you arepayB blackmail to a man who looks tike a dirty tramp—" Mr. Fetridge turned upon him hotly. "This is going too far, Mr. Lamm ; alto gether too far. "It is none of vourbuBiness." "Rardon me," answered the detective very impertorbably. " Under theee circumstances, Mr. Fetridge, it is my business to warn you, very emphatically, that your giving money to ' thinrmm here, just now, was a very ticklish and dangerous proceeding. You may ask how; 1 know." ','1 fio ask bow you know," put in Mr. Fetridge, with anger and shame contending for tiiemastexy "It was dangerous, Mr. Fetridge, because you are one of the parties under surveillance in this matter to the murder of Paul North." -"What!" " Don't get excited, sir. I am simply stating facta. Top. were the last person seen with Paul North, so far !as the evidence in hand indicates. Consequently, until more is 1 known about this phase of the case, yon are under suspicion to a certain extent. Whether you know it or not, sir, you have been watched almost constantly." "Watched!" ejaculated Fetridge, now very pale. . " Watched. By the police," pursued Mr. Lamm. "Now, 1 have been frank with you, and you must be equally frank with me. How do you imagine my services as confidential detective can be of value to you, Mr. Fet ridge, if you do not give me your entire confi dence?" \- There was some answer on Mr. Fetridgc's lips, but he could not seem to give it utter ance. Nr. Lamm pursued his advantage steadily. "Let me ask you one question. You paid blackmail to that man because he knew that you bad an interview with Paul North at his house the night of the murder. Am I not "f&ridge; started up. "Ibeg your pardon,'7 he exclaimed, "bit yowmisapprebend the state of the case, Mr. .Lamm. F did not - pay- the mtoi because . I feared tohave ihe truth known- on niy account; 1 have kept silent on the subject simply put of \ respect for the feelings of. Mr. North's family." Somewhat enigmatical and unsatisfactory lite. Lamrik thought this statement. But he made.no comment, and continued his ques tioning. "If this is not a case of blackmail, Mr. Fetridge, why did you pay this man money? Do you mean to say that you were not at Paul North's house that night ?" Mr. Fetridge by this time had regained his composure. "I have no hesitation in saying to you that I was at his house that night," he answered. The detective's face grew dark. " Why did you not tell me this ? Why did you not make the fact known to the police?" ' " For the simple reason that the police have not asked me." , Mr. Lamm took- an impatient step or two aronndthe room. " Mr. Fetridge, you are an enigma," he re sumed, rather sharply. " PerhapB you will be good enough to explain why you permitted the public to have the impression that you parted with Paul North for the last time the afternoon before the murder at the Old State House?" " I had no idea or suspicion that Mr. North had been putout of the way when I made that statement at the directors' meeting," Mr. Fetridge explained. " Besides, Stackhouse was there. I would not have let him know of my Srivate conference with Mr. North for a great eaL And since the crime came out, I have been living in hope that you would discover the facts in season for me to keep out of an/ possible connection with the affair. I shbuld have told you about it; I realise it now. But what's past is past." Mr. Fetridge satdown resignedly. " Why did you go to Mr. North's that even- ! rag?" Mr. Lamm questioned, now quite un moved, so far as outward appearance was concerned. " To discuss a business matter." " A queer place !" Mr. Lamm spoke in a significant tone. "You think so? Yet I bad peculiar reasons, andl accounted them weighty reasons, for meeting Mr. North at bis bouse. My business was confidential, and could ' not be done at the office or in my place so well ; as at the house In Marlboro street." "Mr. Norih's partner was not a partner to the business in hand ?" Fetridgc's eyes flashed angrily. . - " ft would havebeen well if be bad notbeen a party to .any of North and Stackhouse's business,"- he said, with some bitterness -of tone. " But this was a special matter. How important it was you may judge from this fact ; — that if -Stackhouse had found out North was possessed of the information I gave him, and aid : not; know that - 1 knew it alto, h.e . would' have an ample motive tor committing the crime of which I believe him guilty." ( Mr. Lamm looked at him curiously. " And you stiff wish to keep toe subject of your -last conversation a secret, even from ine?" " Even from you," responded Fetridge obsti nately. "I must await developments, and I hope those developments will preclude the necessity of my speaking about toe matter at all." " Bear in mind what I said to you just now about surveillance." Mr. Lamm spoke gravely. " You are liable to arrest at any tune." A CUlUgC AU UlVlvUlUUUO lffiligU "I don't think they'll arrest me," Fetridge answered lightly. Then, in . more serious tone. " One thing I'll tell yoti, Mr. Lamm. To the best of my knowledge and belief Stackhouse was in Faul North's house, that flight." " Something more than knowledge and .belief is requisite — evidence, ".responded Mr. Lamm rather drily, .fi1 There's much in this Whole busineBS that concernsyou closely — mitie closely;, perhaps, than yon think. . At what time, did you leave Paul North's . house in Marlbbro street that night?" " Between half-past 8 and a quarter to 9." . " Was there any one in the street or near by, so far as you knOw?'! . . "'No one. But I had not gone far when this ..fellow who was- here jnst now touched flw on "toe, shoulder. Iturned ronnd and re cognised him. " " Oho ! You know him then ?" " Why, yesl HensedtobeheadclerkinNorth and Stackhon8e'8 office ; got to peculating ; was funched in Nicaragua Midland ; lost bis little all ; took to drink and so forth. I pitied toe fellow, knowing how he cgme- to be down 'in toe world; 'and occasionally gave him a little to help him, along." ' . " He wanted money that, night, of course ?" . " Of course. I didn't fancy his having met; me at such d time and place, and as I handed :him the five-dollar note I bade him not mention . having seen ine. He readily agreed, and then started off in a hurry." Mr. Lamm pursed his lips together. "And sinoe then the fellow has been hunting you tor more money," — — — " Thats about toe state .of toe case," answered Fetridge, rather reluctantly. " You understand, I thought it was cheaper to buy toe man's silence, being sure that a few days would clear up the whole matter." The detective shook his bead. " Yery riskv business, sir. But never muid that now. A few moments ago you said something abont believing Stackhouse had been at North's house thatnignt. Why?" "Why?" returned Fetridge. "The outer door— the storm door— was unlocked when we came there. Mr. North himself called .my attention to ' the fact. Hullo,' he said, Thornton is here probably.' I knew it. would never do to have that ' man overhear our con versation, and we searched toe house high and low; Finally I was convinced that, though Stackhouse may have been there, he had gone away again. The idea, that be might come back - that night ' "never entered my head. But I have no donbt whatever now that he did. come back, and that Thornton Stackhouse was the last person who saw Paul North alive." " Indeed! Well, then, Mr. Fetridge, I must request a reply to a question I asked you once before. What connection had this Creole woman, Marie Moissot, with the case ?" Fetridge started. , . -"Yon told me once, I believe, that toe medical examiner says that the murder was. committed in toe first partof toe evening?" I did, sir." " Thank you.; I wanted to be sure." "But what has this to do with toe Creole?" Lamm asked with some impatience. " Oh," retained Fetridge, With an unsuccess ful assumption of carelessness, " I forgot. Excuse me. My mmd wandered from the sub ject. The Creole woman? She has no con nection with the murder. That is quite im possible." " Then once more I ask you, plainly, who is she?" " Well, then, plainly, sir, I will answer you. She was a foolish girl who belie vedtoo readily in Stackhouee. lie parted from, her and went on, and she, I suppose, had to suffer for her credulity. But this was ten years ago, and he has doubtleS8 forgotten her." " Ah ! Well, this brings me to another question. How comes Marion Stackhouse to know of the existence of this woman ?" " Good heavens !" cried Fetridge, excitedly. " She does not, does she V" " I think 8he does," said Lamm, dreamily. " Bat passing that, since you .do not know, we come to question No. 2. Why does Marion Stackhouse refuse to live With her husband since, the murder ?" Fetridge flushed. " You will persist, Mr. Lamm, for some strange reason, in assuming me to be in Mrs. Stackhouse's confidence." "I know that yon are a friend of toe family," said the detective; calmly. 44 Yery well," said Fetridge, " I give you my word of honour that I am ' not in that lady's confidence. - I have urged - her to tell me her reasonB. She declines to do, it. I c&n; only guess at them. Her conduct is significant enough to me that she has by some means be come possessed of evidence against her husband. But what wife would acknowledge such a fact?" "Ah!" was Mr. Lamm's only reply to this interrogatory. Neither Mr. Fetridge nor any body eUe would be likely to gain much infor mation from this characteristic grnnt, which was even more than non-committal. " By toe way," said Mr. Lamm, as he rose to go. ' I suppose I ought to tell you that press of other business is liable to cause me to drop your work at short notice, Mr. Fetridge. I bad no idea, when I took the case, that it would last so long." " I hope not," said Fetridge, earnestly. " I hope not, too," returned Mr. Lamm ; " bat I must say the case looks dubiouB at the present time. However, I'll let yeu know definitely very soon." " Coofound that man," muttered toe detective, as he went down the 6taira. 44 It is not at all improbable that he may fiud out some day that in dealing with a man of my . standing and profession it will pay him to stick to toe truth. One link more in toe chain of evidence, and then good- bye, Richard Fetridge !" CHAPTER XYIII.— M ATumf: Raymond. John Lamm; confident " that -a conspiracy was to be found at the; bottom of toe North case, was- reasonably sure already, of two parties . thereto — Ma;ion jStackheose and Richard Fetridge. . Whether . there whs any body else concerned be had not yet made up his mind. The , plain yet puzzling . charge of Thornton Stackhouse in. the iletter to the Moiteot woman. Who .seemed to the detective to have heat created for the express purpose of tantalising him _with the enigma of her ex istence, indicated that Stackhouse reason to "believe her &e; head and front of all- offence. ...... Again and again John Lamm studied toa t letter, endeavouring to squeeze out of it the last drop of possible significance; hut toe writer had so well chosen his words, with toe evident purpose of making them unintelligible to a third person, that th& detective was suspicious of what seemed the logical deductions there from. One thing, was certain. Stackhouse charged Marie Moissot (the 44 person unknown" of Mr. Lamm's notes) with having- carried to successful issue, on the 16th of June, a con spiracy to ruin him, and Mr. Lamm believed himself fully possessed of the unfortunate- events which had overwhelmed the man during that day. The discovery of this unique charge of murder written in' Red on the wall of- North's library, he did not forget was not the only misfortune. The extraordinary conduct of his wife was quite as serious to Stackhouse, notimpossiblv more sb than this implied accusa tion. To be sure, these two conspicuous facts seemed to be part and p&rpel; of one larger .fact, and perhaps appeared to Mr. -Sfcackholuse's Xd as one filing ; but toe detective was gather too cautious not to have seen that the letter might refer to either one of , these calamities. The problem to John Lamm's mind, therefore, stood to this wise: — Q. Dote Mr. Stackhouse hobi Marie Moissot responsible for implicating him in the murder of bis partner or to embittering bis domestic rela- tieni ' Q. If toe former were his belief, would he not have acquainted me with the fact? And as Mr. Lamm could not help answering toe latter question to . the . affirmative, he was stOf reasonably sure that there was no evidence to his possession of a third party to the great; 44 conspiracy " which was so p uzzling him. Whence itseemed tobe plate thathis present duty was to centre bis efforts upon the two ; people whom he suspected— to investigate their doings thoroughly, to watch both of them with all possible vigilance. . To keep Marion StackhouseundersurveDIance was a comparatively easy task.' -She had- not left the confines of-the North estate, extept on toe occasion of the funeral; since toe discovery of her father's death ;_.and for' a full report of ber.conduct for toe. immediate present Lamm ' felt, he could safely rely on5 the vigilance of Moffett and Moffie AVhita, Bnt-the movements of Bichard Fetridge were notso easily followed. Consequently, John Lamm did not dare to trust this apparently most important task to any body hut himself and those under his. active, supervision. On -toe -Wednesday when he received Thomas's Confidence in toe Stella Norto.afiair, Latom redoubled toe safeguards and pre- . cautions previously taken to assure himself of the integrity of Richard Fetridge. Not that he ignored other possibilities of - investiga tion. Into the past lives of - Stackhouse and North and Marion he was already instituting toe most careful inquiries; but Fetridge 's career interested him still more. With . that : affable good fellowship which made it possible for- him to make friends with all sorts and conditions of /men, -he insinuated himself -into the 'good graces ' of Fetridge'sclerk, and learning that Oleen had a> predecessor' who had been discharged for n1r«M/a 4/ia . mnnb , infeitaaf it) Ttio aiMnlstiAtiaf MfliUg. tw- Htwvu- 1UW1UOV US Slip - CUipiUJCIS affairs, he hunted np. that man, with what degree of reward will-be hereafter recorded. He soon discovered that Mr. Fetridge had ceased to take Active interest to legal work, that he had but few.ciiects, odd that his chief business now seemed to he to look after -toe investments of his large property. ' John Lamm made arrangements to be accurately informed from day to day of a full list'of -the millionaire's office visitors, especially of those whom he took into his inner sanctum, and whose business with him appeared to be confidential. . Ft .was to this way 'that - he first became toformedof toe existence of - Madame Raymond. Here is the report furnished by Richard Fetridge' s clerk, Jlsen. late to the afternoon of Thursday - : 44 About 3 o'clock a mighty pretty woman, whose complexion had evidently been toned up by artificial expedients! asked, to a tone of Authority, if Mr. Fetridge was in. I said 4 No;' but she might expect him to a - few minutes. Would she sit down and wait? /She would. She drew her chair up near toe window, and looked ont all the time. It struck me she was careful not to turn round when anybody came to.. I may be wrong, hut it occurred to ire that She did this so as hot to let her face be seen by any chance visitor. - . " It was something like thirty minutes before the boss qppeared. ' As 'soon- -as she beard his voice she turned round. The boss gave a start. 4 Why, Radame Raymond,' he" earn, and but-. prised enough he was. But he harried her towards his private office, sayingeomethtog to. alow tone, and looking over to mydirection. . But you may believe i was aflding up a column . of figures just at that time! "Well!, the.. two! were cloeeted an hour together, and . then the - woman' came out. Always the politest of -men is my bosB when a. good-looking face is about. He danced attendance on her, and I heard him say, as he . took her hand at toe door : 44 4 Have no anxioty, my/dear madam. Every-, thtog is being carefully looked after. Trust me to seB that all comes out right.' " And that was toe last I saw of the woman." \- Mr. Lamm, with his eagerness to get at the case duly intensified by these incomplete and unsatisfactory disclpsures, requested his in formant to let him know the instant . that unknown woman appeared in Fetridge's office again. He was prepared for an indefinite period of waiting, and the arrival of this brief message toe morning of the day after he had given these last instructions, came as a pleasant surprise:— 44 She is here !" With all speed the detective made his way towards toe substantial brick building where Richard Fetridge was usually to be found during bustoeto hours on any week-day of the year, v ... Waiting to tbe quiet corridor, Mr. Lamm found toe place almost as. deserted this summer morning as if it were a hank holiday. But the echo of a door cloring on the flight above, and toe sound of two. voices, one of which was certainly Fetridge's, to . amicable conversation, soon demanded his close attention. ' - It was a woman's voice that - spoke toe only 44 good- bye" that came unmistakably to toe ears of the detective ; and a woman's light step heard on toe stairway gave him assurance that the mysterious Madame Raymond was coming his way. . A Blight-built, willowy woman, this, thought Mr. Lamm, as he watched her pass near at hand, his own pretence entirely unnoticed. Pretty ; an .olive complexion, a. little too much 44 made up ;" large, lustrous eyes, black hair (her own undoubtedly), a very graceful- figure. Altogether, as Mr. Lamm summed up the case, an attractive brunette on the. sunny side of thirty, with something of a foreign air about her. Assuredly a visitor to Boston, wherever born and bred. The graceful figure, well:, set off by a coquettish bonnet, which, like the' summer ' wrap, bad a pleasant contrast of colour in it, flitted through the streets. Followed by more than one admiring glance, the lady was followed also by Mr. Lamm, though not one of the many acquaintances with whom toe detective exchteiged a bow and - a pleasant word would have . suspected the fate. Madame Raymond, hailing a South End car, and' taking a seat with dainty supervision of her skirts, loooked at the shop windows past which her route took her with languid cariosity. Mr. Lamm, two seats behind, did not seem to notice her. Madame Raymond left the car at a shady crossing ; and Mr. Lamm, having' seen her on to the footpath and well around the corner, swiipg off toe car to his turn and quite casually walked up the Btreet which the lady had traversed just before. Mr. Lamm was going by. a modest-looking house, with a high doorstep, just as Madame Raymond was ringing toe bell. She was ad mitted to a moment, and Mr. Lamm still walked on, turning toe corner and. taking a meditative promeqade down a dusty avenue .for a little distance. Butthe now invisible magnet still drew him to that quiet little street and to tbe ninth house on tbe light to a distractingly regular' row of highly respectable-looking dwellings. 44 A btwrding-house," commented Mr. Lamm, as he leisurely looked at the windows on his way up tbe steps. 44 No need of a sign to tell that fact." ' '' 1 ' 4 In his suave inquiry regarding eligible lodg ings, the careworn landlady who opened toe door took an instant interest. She liked tbe man's face, as she confided an hour later to an intimate friend to the mflGnei'y line, who chanced to eaJl. 44 Wef have a very good room back, up one flight sir: quite near the bathroom." 4 Ah !" Th8 caller seemed to be considering. 44 I'm a quiet man of business, you understand. No gay roysterers, no noisy ledgers, no piano thumping at midnight, I suppose?" l \- 44 Dear me; bo «ir," the landlady assured him. 44 Fact is, we4re rather empty .now- Only two- clerks, very nice, steady young men, on the third floor, and a transient! a lady, who occupies the parioarbedioom frout, second story.4 . - -' . "i "She's not musical 44 1 think not, sir. She's not sung since she came here, to my knowledge, a week ago last Wednesday, I think it was— yes, lam sure, for toe man was sent to to whiten toe walls that day, "and that is how I came to remember it." "Lady a transient, you'say. Stranger, then, of course?" 44 It's her first visit to Boston, she tells me. She lives in New York, and is here on a little business. Settling up an estate, I think, though she's not said so to just so many words." "Ah ! _ Well, to that case, she can't' have many friends to call on her to toe evening, and chatter, chatter, giggle, - giggle, for hours together?" The landlady smiled and shook her head. Lamm resumed, to a very friendly, off-hand fashion — 44 You see, ma'am, I should be quite near her room if I concluded to oome here, and as I'm a quiet man and go to bed early, I don't want to be kept awake by late and noisy callers or any other lodgers. That was the objection at my last place, ma'am." The landlady smoothed her apron compla- cently. 44 No such difficulty here, sir," she eaid with confidence. " 'Why, -Madame Ray mond has only, had one caller since she's been here, and I don't know as you -can call it a caller tether, for he merely came home with her toe evening of the day after toe lady took the room here. Yes, it was Thursday week. I noticed him with her at the door when I an swered her ring. It -was after 9 o'clock, and I had got worried about her, being a stranger and soon, so that I was very glad to Bee she had company. My brother,' she said to me, and a nice appearing gentleman he was. I liked his face. Well, he came to and had a quiet talk with the lady — a talk that- you couldn't hear an inch outside the room, and couldn't postebly disturb anybody. Madame Raymond has betel out once or twice, but no one erne has called on her, and I am sure that nothing she and the brother conld say, if he Shonld come to see her again, could possibly disturb you, sir." Mr. Lamm was very far indeed from sharing this opinion of the lady who so desired his presence as a lodger. But his face wore a look of entire, unqualified assent. He asked to see toe mucn-commended apartment, " back, up one flight," approved its arrangements, and declared the pries very reasonable. But the best guarantee of his satisfaction was that he actually decided to take the room at once. A week's rent to advance was deposited to toe landlady's willing hand. Mr. Laroto took a receipt for toe money, with a latchkey rolled up therewith, and, sayiug that he might come in to occupy the room At any time, bade, the Woman 4 4 good day," ana went towards; his' office, with thoughts to plenty to occupy his' attention. He had quite made up his mind that it was high time to come to a thorough understanding with toe man to whose, cause he had almost determined to exclusively ally himself— Thoro- ton Stackhouse. Something about the man had excited his sympathies from toe first, and he never felt more kindly disposed towards him toon on the present occasion. He looked into his haggard face anxiously, aud after that look he did not need to hear the man speak to know that he had come to ma ke some important -dis closure. (TO BE COXTIXUED.) 