%hz ^torg-'SuUer* ELECTRICIAN ABROAD. ' Viu»um Dkysralu. in the A"«w York HVridjt; Times. i T-ite dof-tor said-it, the wife echoed it, friends 'rapeated it, there was no disguising the fact *fc:it those weak lungs in the body of W -K. Brown, the . . grtiat . e!e--:tnciML, were William (-weaker, and that he must spend the winter in a warm climate.- »So said his^vife, so s»id hisj 5 mends: <but Wi'liatn H. Brown himself only, c^aid "Nonsense." When the doctor. *entpba-; |-sized it he replied— ' " I cannot lea ve my wofk." " You do ndfc need to leave your werk,"' said the astute physician ; " take your work along with you." -The electrician laugced. "Tfeat- -would in • involve carrying- along the United States Patent' Office -and- n, few hundred contracts, to say nothing of : this 'dynamo and the engine that operates it." "-Never mind ydor patents and your contracts," the physician nrged. "-An agent can attend to them. After ail the work you havedone you can afford to spend the winter in experimenting. "What are an engine and a dynamo to you? Yon can make one to carry Southinyour sachel as easily as some things you have -made. Try it, and give your lungs a chance. 5 ' "That's an idea,"-said the-electrician. "I might take a small dynamo and buy a little engine powerful enough for experimenting. Where is it you want me to go ?' "To the West Indies," the physician replied. " Box up your lathe and all the HSt of your tools-and send them down to the Isle of Delight, - and -let a little engine and dynamo follow them. You can experiment all winter to your heart's content, and come home in the spring a new man. If yen stay here, you are in danger." "I'll think of it,*' said the electrician, and thought no more about it—not, at least, until several weeks later, when his wife said, in her kindly determined way, that she was in communication with a house agent on the Isle of Delight, and had the refusal of a charming place that would exactly suit for a residence for the winter—a large stone house called Sea View, near the water, with plenty of ground,, and large orchards, and, above all, more than a mile from tbe town, so that he need not be disturbed at-his work. Thereupon this distinguished electrician, before whom all the little electricians drooped their .eyelids and-opened their mouths apologetically. capitulated at once. This great man, who- wound the lightning around his finger, who-need have-done nothing more in this world than gather in the royalties from a hundred -patents, had no time for argument when iiis wife quietly determined u|K>n anything. So it -was settled that they were to ' spend tbe winter on the Isle of Delight. " I -must • have Thomas along," said the electrician, without looking: up from his work. "Have anybody along that you want," his energetic wile- replied. "Just make me a memorandum on this pad of the kind of dynamo and engine you want sent down and I will attend to everything." •Tbe memorandum was soon made, and for severl weeks more Mr. Brown toiled away in his workshop with no thought apparently •for anything but currents and ohms. Whether he forgot, all about the projected journey there •is. no- electrical device for ascertaining, but if he did, . ;t was brought to his mind one morning vrhen he found the lathe and most of his -smaller tools missing, and Thomas, bis capable assistant, cleaning the room. Then he only scratched his head and said in an absent way—' •: " Oh, yes ! When do we start ?" "To-inorrow," answered Thomas. •When a host of friends called that evening to say.good-by, .there was one among them who had spent a season on the Isle of Delight, and lie," learning that the'Browns were to keep '-house:there,- warned them-against thieves, "" for the darkies would steal the very roof off the house if they had a chance." The . electrician made no reply to this, \- but early the next morning he sent Thomas to -a wholesale chemist with an {order, and before • the steamer sailed a large case labeled " Explo- . sives" was sent on board for .him and stowed away in a safe place. -In the three days' voyage to the Isle of Delight the great electrician worked out the basis of a device for catching the smoke from the funnels and dropping it astern, another for supplying the fireroom with, draughts of cool air, and a third for utilizing the odour of burned oil that hovered about .the machinery. This work left him no time for seasickness, and Mrs. Brown and Thomas took cai-o that he left off one thick garment after another, as the weather become warmer.. The Sea View house suited Mr. Brown exactly, as Mrs. Brown had predicted, not on account of the large grounds or the orchards, the spacious dwelling or the white beach, but because there was a large lower room with two windows and only one door, where he could shut himself in and be secure from interruption. Tliat room was to be the workshop. In the few days that were necessary for setting nj> the b'ttle engine and dynamo and preparing the workroom the electrician wandered about the premises like a lost man, smoking his pipe continually. The shining brass engine with its copper boilir interested him, as it must have interested any one who loved machinery. The strange 'trees and curious tropical fruits, too, attracted his attention, but with all the odd sights he said little, though he was fond of walking in the orange grove and eating fruit fresh from tbvi trees. Negroes constantly swarmed in through the gate and half filled the dooryard, offering their services, vending fruits and vegetables, or attracted by curiosity. This was & novelty to Mr. Brown, and he listened patiently to what they Ii;xl to say, severai times uncomplainingly saw them pocket email articles, and only turned away with a low, _sly laugh. It was different with Mrs. Brown. " These darkies, I declare, will be the death of me,"'" she complainc-d. " I did not imagine there were so many in the whole world. And sush a tribe of them as you have to have about the house in this country. Just think, William. I have engaged «. cook, and a helper in the kitchen; a chambermaid, a waitress, a laiituli-ij: ;-, a gardener, and a boy, just to do the work for three persons. J never saw i Jln ytbmg liKe. it. I I s^uess von can manage them, any dear, , t h' e d e c & i o i a n ' a only reply, with the sus- ' pieion of a snule. | When the workshop was ready little wws ! seen of Mr. Brown or Thomas by day or ! b >' night. A low humming -sound at first ! ^ons< r_ d J* lie but the windows . were carefully curtained and the door was always locked, so they learned nothing about the mysterious room. One day at dinner Mrs. Brown said— " These d.-irkies going past are stealing all our orauges, William. There is a negro settlement a mile or two up 4he road,-and they ;go past early in the morning on their way to town, and come-back after dark,'and climb over the orchard wall. The cook says they stripped one of tlie best trees last night." "•Oh, never mind, dear," the easy-going electrician replied; oranges are cheap in this eountry, and the people are poor; let them have them." Mrs. Brown .thought he was entirely too good-natured, and said so ; and Thomas said lie believed the -deetrician would let a man steal -the coat off l»is back without complaining, and this conversation was repeated by the waitress to the other servants, and so reached tbe darkies in the negro settlement. But after dinner Mr. Brown sent Thomas to the town to buy twenty feet of two-inch bar iron, and while he was gone he opened the large case that was labelled "explosives," and took from it % dozen canisters of gunpowder and a number of packages marked "red firr, : ' " blue fire," "yellow fire," and fires of various other colours. Ail these fae put carefully away in a safe place. From another box he took several large and shining bells—gongs. When Thomas returned presently with a coloured man carrying the bar iron it was taken into the workroom and the door was locked. The electrician at once set to work at the lathe, cutting the iron bar into short pieces, each about four inches long. " Thomas," said he, pausing a moment at his work, " I wish you had brought your stereopticon along." "I did bring it," Thomas replied. *'I thought it might amuse us in the iong winter evenings." "Good," Raid tlie eiectrician. "Then supposeyou unpack it andput it in order. I think we will use it to-morrow evening." Thomas set about cleaning and putting together the stereoptioon, and Mr. Brown continued his work with the bar iron. When it was all cut into the short pieces he put each 1 piece on the lathe and bored it three inches deep with a three-quarter- inch bit, thus makjng|each one a hollow tube, solid at one end. When this was done he put each piece on the lathe again and bored a tiny hole through the side, about big enough to hold a knitting needle, and an.inch and a quarter from the solid end. He then pHt a bit of fine wire, not much larger than a horsehair, in each of the tiny boles, and fastened it in place with an atom of solder, so that the hole was not entirely stopped, and with about two inches of the wire protrnding. When they weredonethey were- eighty little- -cannon, and looked as if they had been made by a master workman, as indeed they had. Mr. Brown then loaded ten of them with powder, but no ball, and rammed the charge home tight. The following afternoon the electrician spent an unusual time in the orange prove, which lay . between the house and the road. And he spent ; an hour or more in one of. the upper rooms, which had a window overlooking the orangetrees. In the short tropical twilight, while sitting on the piazza smoking his pips. quietly asked Mrs. Brown whether she bad ev«sr >,1-9.11 a darky .'-oM.'u.'g as ora.npe-tre<\ •"-No," that lady replied, "and it wouldn't well for the darky if I should. They rob viir ti-Pes every night, and we 11 soon be with- • out any orauges at all." The electrician led his wife upstairs to the room overlooking the orange grove. Then she taw the stereoptioon mounted by the open window, and a small board shelf on which were several telegraph keys. It was already so dark that a person sitting by the window could not be seen, although a moving form outside would be visible. " Now, if yon will take that chair by tbe -window, ,ruy dear, and not say a word under •«ny circumstances, I will, if I have good luck, show you a darky robbing an orange-tree.*' Mrs. Brown did.as she was requested, and Mr. Brown drew a chair in front of the keyboard where he could see the orange-trees and smoked his pipe. There was not a sound on the still evening but the slight humming made by the dynamo. They had not long to wait. Soon they heard the voices of a party of darkies coming up the road, some singing and some talking, .They came nearer and nearer, ttill they were in front of the orange grove. The voices ceased, and the six or eight in the party came up close to the wall. One spry young darky raised himself to tbe.' top of the wall, looked around, climbed up, *and dropped inside. The others evidently were to wait outside and- have the oranges brought to them. The youngster inside waited a moment, then disappeared in the gloom , under the orangetrees. Sirs. Brown sat breathless, and Mr. Brown-sat with his finger on one of the keys. A scraping sound was heard as of a boy climbing a tree; there was a slight rustle of the leaves and-an orange dropped. The electrician pressed the key. "Bang!" said one of the guns not far from the tree'the boy was in. "Oh! hi! hi ! Mass' Boss ! Mass' Boss !" cried the darky in the tree. •'Bang!" said another gun in a distant part of the grove, and the feet of the darkies outside were heard flying up the road. " Bang! bang!" said two more guns. " Mass' Boss, don' shoot, don' shoot, I come down, " f ried the terrified darky, and his words were instantly verified, for at that moment the electrician touched anotherkeyandthestereopticon threw its full glare of light into the tree, which startled the boy into loosening his hold, and he " came down" shoulder first aud struck the ground with a thud. He was on his feet again at onc-e, but too bewildered to stir, and at that instant, at tlie touch of another key, a big bell- began to ring violently. •'Bang', bang! bang I" in every direction; it was enough to frighten a stouter heart than beat inside the young darky's jacket, and with a terrified cry he started for the wall. But he changed his course before he had taken three steps, -for at the touch of another key there flashed up before him a bright red fianie. A wild shriek, bewildered dashes in several directions. and the boy reiehed the wall and went over it at a bound, the last section of bis heels beiis^r sal'.itc-cl with " JSaus - banjjr !"* The electrician coolly closed the window. " Well, my dear," he said, "you liave not yet seen » darky rub an orange tree, but j - ou have seen one try it." Mr. Brown had never indulged in such sportive games at (home and Mrs. Brown attributed the change to the salubrious climate, which was doing liim good already. She was in a little doubt about the guns until their mechanism and their harmless character were explained to her. Such an unwarranted and unheard-of attack with firearms upon an honest boy who was merely "trvin' to get a few sweet or'nges" made a tremendous excitement in the negro settlement, and the story soon reached the town. The darkies outside the wall who ran away-attributed the account of the lights to the boy's frightened imagination, but the firing was undeniable. Of course the story lost nothing in the telling. The boy was killed; he was desperately wounded ; a bullet went through his hat; and the Yankee'at Sea View kept his «range grove full of armed men ready to fire at any " pore boy 3 ' • found on the premises. Consequently tbe orange grove was safe for the remainder of the season; But the darkies felt a little spiteful against the .Yankee at Sea View who was so ready to shoot them down, -and showed it in a number of petty ways. Young boys and girls hardly ever passed the.gate-after"dark without pulling the hell handle and then running away. In a short-time this became annoying, and Mrs. Brown complained about it. :The bell handle was of brass, and it c-onnected with an iron wire which rang a bell in the kitchen. Mr. Brown sent Thomas to the town to find a fiat iron plate - about -three feet square, and in the hardware store he found it, and it was neatly laid in front of the gatepost, as though to keep visitors oub of the mud. That day the electrician had a little business in the lane, and in the dusk he connected an innocent wire with the dynamo. This trap Required no watching, being automatic in it action. Soon after dark a party of boys and girls walked up the road toward the settlement, barefoot, as they always were. When they came opposite the gate one of the boys ran up to the bell handle and gave it a violent pull. At that- moment he received an electric shock that made his arm sore. " Bang !" said a gun just inside the gate. " Oh, oh, enow !" shrieked the boy, and the whole party ran up .the road as fast as their little legs would carry them. This boy also had a narrow escape—in the settlement's telling of it. He heard a bullet whistle past his ear, and there was some talk of complaining to the Magistrate. But after that the bell handle was undisturbed. This incident, however, added fuel to the flame, and the coloured people were more indignant ever. '• Dat Yankee at Sea View, he d shoot. a pore boy jes' for a ringin' his bell, he •would." But still they were not indignant enough "to stop-robbing him, and the electrician worked on day alter day in happy unconsciousness of the commotion he had made. It was-manifestly unsafe to steal the oranges with so many armed men on guard; but there was the cocoanut grove. This grove was some distance from the house, down toward the water, and it offered great temptations to hnngiy and thirsty passers-by, for every tree was loaded with the juicy nuts. Some venturesome spirit tried it, and got off safely with a bagful of cocoanuts, and the news that the Sea View -cocoanut grove was unguarded spread through the settlement. Then nightly depredations were made, and they were soon •discovered. "William," said Mrs. Brown one day, "I have never seen a darky rob a cocoanut tree." This hint was sufficient, aud the electrician made a long visit to the cocoanut grove, carrying with bim some of the implements of liis trade. Before dark that evening he returned :to the grove, having stationed Mrs. Brown at an upjKir window in the house. He settled himself iu & cosy place he had made among the branches of a thick low tree and awaited developments. This was a longer wait than the other, but at length he was rewarded. The new jnoon was partially obscured by clouds, but he saw four men'climb the wall, there very low, and advance into the grove. He looked at the keyboard before him and saw that all was ready. The men went well into the grove and separated. In a moment he saw the four climbing trees—one man to a tree—and each carrying a large bag to hold the nuts. He waited till they were well np among the branches, some of them thirty feet from the .ground, and thentouched.a key. '• Whir-r-r-r," said a big gong in the middle of the grove. "Hist!" said one of the darkies. He touched another key and " Bang! bang ] bang!" went the guns in different parts of the ground. Four darkies began to slide down four cocoanut-trees, and they do that work rapidly. But they are not as quick as the electric current. The electrician pressed another key and colored fires flashed up all over the grove. They were in circles around twenty or thirty of the trees— red circles, blue circles, green circles, and yellow. A blue darky slid down one tree, a yellow darky down another, a red darky, and a green. Seeing this terrible sight they all set up a howl and stopped, suspended in mid air. Another key. " Bang ! bang! bang!" all around them. This settled the day (or the night) in favour of flight. .What those fires might do for them they did not know, but they did know the effects of bullets, and, still howling, they all slid down and ranior their lives. _A few more touches of the keys, and in their flight they were fired at from every quarter, and two gongs rang an alarm that might have been heard at the other end of the island. From that night the cocoanut grove was as safe as the oranges. It was surprising what narrow escapes those men had. One who had scratched his face on a bush showed where a bullet had "jes' grazed his cheek.'' Another declared that a white man jumped up in front of him and pulled the trigger with the muzzle in his face, but the piece Bussed fire. One was bold enough to say that he had knocked a white man down with a stone; and the fonrth was confident that he saw at least fifty armed men in the grove. The whole town was fall of it nextday—the Yankee at Sea View kept a company of soldiers watching his place. But nobody except the four men believed in thecolonred fires. This put an end to the petty thievery of fruit, but more important depredations began. Sea View had a large chicken establishment well stocked, and Mis. Brown had bought all the fowls for the table. The fowlhouse had a wire front and a door that was shut every night, but did not lock. The fowls began to diappear rapidly, and nearly every morning three or four were missing. This thief was evidently of a different character from the stealers .of fruit. They were mere casual pilferers, bat the chicken thief was a professional. Mrs. Brown, mournin? the loss of her fowls, complained that she bad never seen a darky rob a henroost. " Yon know how anxious I am to please you, ; • j ! j I my dear," the electrician replied, and that day his exercise was taken in the chicken-yard. To sit up and watch for a chieken thief was out of the -question, for he might come at any hour of the night;- but no matter, it was merely a problem of a crossed wire and an"" extra coil, and the thief trap was made auto-. matie. A't 2 o'clock the next morning a small gong, well muffled, begad to ring at the head of the electrician's bed. That indicag^iftat the door leading to tbe chicken yard had been opened, and be hastily awoke Mrs. Brown and led'her to-a window that-overlooked the scene of action. They reached there in the nick of time, just as the thief opened the door of the fowlhouse, which began the engagement. The electrician knew when the inner door was opened, becauseat that instant— " B a n g ! b a n g !" w e n t t w o g u n s b y t h e v e r y s i d e o f .the thief's h e a d . " C a c k l e - a c k l e - a c k l e - c a c k - e a e k - c a ^ k ' ' — " e x - c l a i m e d - e v e r y c h i c k e n i n t h e house, a n d flutt e r e d d o w n f r o m t h e roosts i n a p a n i c , a n d — -Flash! Vent tbe glare of the stereoptioon, .making the whole scene Bright as day and showing the thief, frightened out of his wits, Tunning for life down the lane. " T h e r e ! ' e x c l a i m e d t h e electrician, " t h a t is t h e first m i s t a k e I h a v e m a d e f o r five years. I shotfld h a v e h a d t h o s e d o o r s c l o s e d a u t o m a t i - cally, b u t t h e y don't, a n d n o w t h e y ' r e b o t h -open, - a n d I h a v e t o s e n d a b o y o u t t o c l o s e \- t h e n v o r y o u r h e n s w i l l b e all o u t ; " a n d h e left t h e r o o m t o call a b o y . " I i d e c l a r e , W i l l i a m H . B r o w n , " s a i d h i s . a s t o n i s h e d w i f e w h e n h e r e t u r n e d , " y o u d o •beat a n y t h i n g I e v e r s a w . H o w d i d y o u m a k e all t h o s e t h i n g s d o t h e m s e l v e s ? " " I am surprised, my dear," the electrician 'calmly replied, as he settled himself in the bed again, "that you should wonder at so simple an effect. When the thief opened the fowlhouse door he connected the wires—that was alL The current then entered the wires that I bad fastened 'to the tops of the -roosts, and' the chickens, being shocked, fluttered and retreated. The current was by the same move conducted to the-electric lamp in tbe stereoptieon, which was already focused on the chickenhouse door. You know how the Quaker guns were fired. Nothing could be more simple; the merest novice could do it as well;" and in two minutes more he was asleep. Tiie coloured people of the settlement were chary now about entering any part of the Sea View grounds; but they took every safe opportunity to annoy the Yankee, who, as they thought, was so anxious to kill theui. Among other little spiteful things they made as much •noise as possible in !.passing the place in the evening, singing, shouting, and even dancing on the sniooth road. This they carried to suen an extent that at length the electrician said, "This damp night air is not wholesome for 'those negroes, Thomas. I think they had •better bo at home before dark, and if you will assist with the stereoptioon this evening, we will take measures to have the road dear in the future before the night dews begin to fall." Thomas was very willing to assist, and before -dark that evening the two electricians were snugly ensconsed among the branches of a great almond-tree near the road, whence they could see all who passed without being seen themselves. There were many passers-by, but the operators waited till it was quite dark, and then until a large and noisy party approached. When they were fairly past, the gate they saw a sight that froze the blood in their veins. First there- was a flash of light by the roodside, and then a flat rock burst into a blaze; From the flame there rose a cloud of smoke, and in the smoke there instantly appeared the form of a gallows, and from it a man hanging, -swaying in -the breeze. The black cap was drawn over his face, and his arms and legs were pinioned. The negroes set up a piercing shriek and turned and fled. Before they were fifty feet away the smoke, the gallows, and the man had all disappeared ;jbutthedarkiesdidnot not stop till they reached a distant corner, where was a road which would take them home by a roundabout way. Presently another party of negroes came along, singing, shouting, and chattering. Again the flash, the burning rock, and the .smoke. But this time, instead of the gallows, there appeared the spectre of a drunken man, holding in one hand a decanter and in the other an empty glass. Quick as thought, the decanter is raised, the glass is filled, and the bacchanal lifts it to his lips. But as he does i so the glass bursts into flame, and fire pours i from the man's mouth. Again a chorus '; of shrieks, a stampede, and the spectre fades ; away. j After a little time a third party approached, i Once more a flash, a flame, and a cloud of | smoke. And in the smoke appeared a terrible monster, shaped like a huge shark, but walking onsixlegs, hissidescovereawithluminousscale, his long tail forked, and his great red mouth opening wide and clanking shut again, showing : his rows of horrible teeth. More shrieks, of : course, more running, and then silence and . darkness. :' "I think, Thomas, that will do for this evening," said the electrician, "by to-morrow , our ghosts will be walking all over the island and our -coloured friends will be spared the . consequences of breathing tliis unwholesome ; ilight air." bueh wonders as these could not continue • long •without attracting the attention of the • whole island, whiies as well, as blacks. A rumour reached the Government House that a celebrated electrician from " the States" was wintering at Sea View, and when the Governor heard of the Sea View ghosts and miracles he i was not slow in putting this and that together and ascribing them to the true cause. When lie learned that the electrician was no other than tbe distinguished William H. Brown he threw ceremony to the winds and drove out to Sea View one evening to calL Fortunately the bell handle was no longer connected with thB dynamo. Tbe Governor was a pleasant fellow, and clever, far above the average Governor in intelligence, and deeply interested in electricity; so he and the electrician were soon the best of friends, and, wonders of wonders, tbe Governor was taken into the sacred workroom and saw the dynamo in operation. "Oh, the ehosts!" the electrician laughed, when the Governor carefully approached the subject. "Well, the ghosts answered their purpose. A smoke, stereoptioon, a ghost—the three follow one another naturally. So they thought the rock burst into a flame, did they? A very natural conclusion. There was a wire running to the rock, of course, connected with the dynamo, and controlled by a key in my hands in the tree where I was concealed. A little brown powder on the rock, a touch of the key, a flash, and a smoke. Then the stereoptioon, also with us in the tree, shows upon the smoke any picture we like. Of course, you understand how, by moving the double slides, figures can be made to move. Guns ? Oh, yes, here are the guns, mere toys, like Chinese crackers. We have done nothing that was worthy of an amateur, but it has given us some amusement and saved our cocoanuts." While the Governor was examining the dynamo, the electrician, the floodgates of speech for once opened, went on—"I have p r e p a r e d a little s u r p r i s e f o r m y n e i g h b o u r s , w h i c h I i n t e n d e d to g i v e them t o - m o r r o w e v e n i n g ; b u t a s y o u r E x c e l l e n c y is here, a n d a s e v e r y t h i n g , c a n b e m a d e r e a d y i n a f e w m i n u t e s , I c a n j u s t a s w e l l let t h e m h a v e it ton i g h t , if y o u c a n w a i t " The Governor was only too happy to wait, and the electrician and his assistant hurriedly made their preparations. When all was ready they retired to the detached kitchen in a distant corner of the yard, Mrs. Brown, the Governor, and the two electricians, fastening themselves in, and leaving the house in total darkness. " This will be the last electrical miracle at Sea View," the electrician said, ' for I must stop playing, and settle down to work. But this will be at least a lively one, and in a few minutes the grounds will probably be full of people. Perhaps your Excellency will do me the honour to open the entertainment bj pressing that key." The Governor touched the key indicated, and instantly there blazed up a bright yellow light, apparently issuing from the roof of the house. The electrician then took charge, touching a key here and there in the row attached to "one of the kitchen tables, and light after light flashed np all alonsr the top of the roof, bursting apparently through the windows, filling the upper air with smoke, in which the flames were reflected again, and making the grounds as bright as day. In the lower parts of the house the flame was red; everywhere else it was yellow. T h e . electrician t o u c h e d a n o t h e r k e v a n d a l a r g e g o n g b e g a n t o ring violently. A man ran up the road crying "Fire!" Another and another. " Fire 1 Fire!" echoed in every direction. Coloured men burst j through the "gate and ran across the yard, I crying "Fire!" They clambered over the | waDe and poured in from all points—front, j back, and sides. A l i g h t touch u p o n a n o t h e r k e y a n d t h e ' y e l l o w flame o n t h e top o f t h e h o u s e s p r a n g n p h i g h e r a n d h i g h e r . T h e r e is a s o u n d o f a bell a p p r o a c h i n g . "It is the eneine Company from the town," the Governor says, and in another minute a band engine of a prehistoric age lumbers into the yard, dragged by a score of excited men. The yard is full of people. Another touch upon another key and coloured fires flash out all over the groundsbine fires, green, yellow, red, white. Another key and there is a rattle of musketry in all directions, as if a battle were in progress. "Now watch the house, "says the electrician. He touches one more key and there is a tremendous explosion, as if the whole hou w were blown to atoms. One key more and every light disappears, as if Sea View had bs.in swallowed up by the neighbouring oceiu. The house, the grounds, all in total darknu-s-". where an instant before had been a blaze of light. The crowd, blinded for the instant, slowly recovered and groped their way out of the yard. That insane Yankee had played them another trick. | " Wonderful! WonderM !" exclaimed the Goveriioi. as thev made their way back to the houseiftei tfce people were goae. " But allow ine one qufa< : -wi. That' was Greek fire you nsed,' of course. But,how did you extinguish ^ the lights at tL<\- °ame|nstant?'' ;>v^*By merely pre^rngfK key that shut the covers of the tin boxes in which the fire was Tmrned," the dectriciaji lvtiUed. " Astonishing!" exclaimed the Governor. " Merely a little Fourth of July tor's child,*' said the electrician. - "Relaxation for anidle hour. - Electricity has tremendous possibilities, but this is play." William H. Brown and the people of the Isle of Delight have equal cause to remember with pleasure the electrician's first winter in the tropics; the former because of the reconstructed longs that promise to do bim many a year's service, and yet the latter whenever they look at the electric lightsthat every night illuminate tbe Government" House and the : principal streets of the town. 