ON THE EINCAS. "Whoever hns passed over the road from Chumpcrico to Quezaltenango, has heeu through a veritable Eden. From the hot, sultry, tropical scene back of the seaport, through forests so dense that even with the constant use of the machete you can make but little headway among the mass of creepers and undergrowth; through groves of bananas, then past thick cane brakes, on and on through changing scenes rich in the red, green and purple of the dowering plants of the tropics, up to higher levels of green lields of the sugar plantations and coffee fincas, with the volcanoes Agua v Fuego, towering against the sky and sending forth their vapors and fire, as if to warn you that the God of naturo could change this scene of | life to ono of desolation, Manuel was the comprador of the Finea Saquichilla, near the road fo Quezaltenango. lie had been to the seaport to superintend the ship ping of the stores the steamer had brought for the finea, and after this task was completed, the frequent libations of aguardiente he had indulged in, to cele brate the fact, had set his hot blood on fire. The long ride on muleback, after leaving the railroad, had somewhat sobered him, but he took 110 notice of the beauties of the scone ho was passing through. Besides,it was an old story for him. Tired, hungry, and ugly, I10 reached the finea as the sun passed be hind the old volcanoes and the shadows of evening were coming over the build ings and country about. No sooner had I10 thrown his saddle-bag on the stone floor of the court, and stretched himself to shake out the stillness of the ride, than his employer, the old German who owned the immense acres, stepped out of the little oflicina with the news of a revolt among the peons who were working the separator. The half-caste, who hud acted as overseer during Manuel's absence, had incurred such, hatred by his harshucsss that the men had set upon liiiu and cut him to death with their knives. Emboldened by the .act, they had refused to work all day. Manuel was not less hated, but the fear he inspired kept him from danger, yet black looks were shot after him by the low-browed, swarthy faces that slaved day in and day out for the bare pittance meted out to tliom. Manuel was not a native. His father was an English sailor, his mother a Cuban, and he inherited the strength of one, the tiro of the other. lie looked upon the low herd under him with undisguised contempt, but he never beat them unless to make an example of souus mischief maker. His dark eyes fairly Hashed their anger when old Metzler told him of the cutting affair. With an oath, lie sprang into his room that opened on the court, and took down the great whip with the heavy stock—the one he always carried when standingby the men at work. His pistol was in his belt, where it had been during the ride. Entering the long,low building, where the dirty, lialf-naked peons were grouped idly about the niacchincry.whisperingoininously,hegavc gave the order to commence work,though already thoughit was after the hour to stop their labors. Not a movement. Only a low growl of resentment from the lialf humau group,some of whom were already fingering the long slieatli-kiiivos at their belts. One man to forty They ware easting fugitive glances at the Indian, Jose, the loader of the revolt, as if to eateli some signal for action. " Oh, it is you, is it "f" said Manuel, with a string of oatlis ; " stand out there." The man did not move. The peons pressed closer abouthiin. It was like the hushed air of an impending storm. The hot blood in the comprador was working into a fury of passion. With a quick spring lie brought the wliip-stock, with liis full strength down on Jose's bead, and the Indian fell like a log, tlio blood spurting from tlio long wound. The peons were cowed. Tliev went to their tasks like whipped curs. . . . The aguardiente had worked out of Manuel's blood. lie was quite himself after a hearty meal. The Indian must not die : ho had 110 wish to do murder. He must be brought fL-om the quarters to the house to have his head sewed up. Manuel's heart was qnti0 melted when Metzler sewed up the great gaping wound, and lie ottered to sit up part of the night with the Indian. Jose was laid upon the low bed, apparently as unconscious as he had been since receiv ing the blow. Manuel sat by tlic window smoking a cigarito. and looking out 011 the court. What if tho man should die The candlo burned low, and its dhu light conjured, up ghosts of the Indian in the mind of the comprador. The long ride had fatigued him, and soon he was nodding in his chair. An hour passed. All was quiet about the build ings, save the howl of a dog now and then. The comprador was breathing heavily in his deep sleep. The candle had burned out. .Something seemed to grip his throat, and ho started from tho chair, only to iind his efforts futile, some vyco- like thing was choking the life out of him, He was too far gone to re sist. It might only be a hideous night mare. Twelve o'clock came, and with it came old Mctzler t* relievo Manuel, lie passed into the room and struck a light. Manuel was sitting by the win dow, his back turned. The old German spoke to tho com] irador, but he did not move. He poked him in tliu back—no answer. lie held the candle by Manuel's face. It was black and purple ; about the throat were the bruises made by great iron lingers. He turned to the bed in the corner—it was empty. Jose had gone. Manuel was cold and stiff. The Marquis Merle ilc Sarnie-Marie's duels were almost incessant; and one of Ids affairs of honor was so silly that it helped to set in motion the current of ridicule which has made duelling so much less honorable than it once was. One day another fnmons duellist, Pierrot d'Issae, came to see his friend, the Marquis Merle de Saint-Marie. It should he explained that, in French, picrrul means sparrow, and merle means blackbird. " Marquis," he said, "I am a Bonapartist, and you are a lloyalist. Moreover, I am the spanow and you arc the blackbird. Doesn't it strike you that there is one bird of us too many 'i " " It does, precisely," said the marquis ; " my choice is pistols ; and as it appears appropriate for birds of our species, let us light in the trees." "Agreed," said D'Issae. As if it were not a sufficiently ridiculous tiling that one man should challenge another because his name was Sparrow, and the other Blackbird, the duel was actually fought from trees. The pistols wore fired tit tho signal. There was a rustling among tho leaves of one of the chestnut-trees. It was Pierrot d'Issae who, wounded severely in one leg, came tumbling to tiu ground " like a ripo chestnut," Saint-Mario's seconds said. Fortunately ho caught on one of the lower branches, and was helped to tho ground by his seconds. At this point Merle de Saiute-Murio began to chirp triumphantly; imitating tho song of the blackbird. D'Issae waited until ho was recovered from his wound, and then challenged Saiute-Murie for the chirp. This time there was nothing amusing about the duel. It was fought with swords, and Saiut Marie was badly wounded. The sparrow had avenged himself upon the Llnckbird. Justice of the peace—"Prisoner, you were caught trying to enter a poultry yard at ten o'clock last night. Did you know it was a reprehensible offence ? " Mr Gambrill—" No sail; I thought hit warn, wooden fence, sah, but liit turned out to be barb wire, s-ali." 