Amusements. DRAMATIC & MUSICAL NOTES. (BT TOUCHTONE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PL A rBILLS. No. 124. Theatre Royal IMMENSE SUCCESS Of the LEOPOLD TROUPE. This Evening, Tuesday, May 8,1866. H. T. Craven's domestic, drama in 2 acts, THE POST BOY. Joe Spurrit (Old Post Boy) ... ... Mr George Simms Maria .... ... Miss Louisa Manley ' Other characters by the company. To be followed by the ballet, The Spanish Dancers, By the Leopold Bros, and FRAULEIN FANNIE To conclude with the laughable farce, THE ARTFUL DODGE. Nicodemus Dodge ... Mr George Simms Polly... . ... ... ..'. Miss Lapbrte Prices as usual. Note.—The performance of 'The Poat boy' had proceeded for half an hour, when an extensive fire broke out. at Messrs Ditcham and Co.'s, olose by the theatre, and the building was for a time entirely deserted. After an interval of about three quarters of an hour the performance was resumed and, the whole of the programme gone through. Poor George Simms, whom I knew well, and with whom I have played in the piece above-mentioned, was always regarded in the light of what the pro fession term a 'Jonah'—that is an unlucky man. He was an excellent actor, but mis fortune, it is said, dogged his footsteps throughout his life. It was during the period he was engaged at the old Prince of Wales Opera House in Sydney that the building was burnt down. 'Old Play- goer' writes in regard to Mr Walter Bentley and the resuscitation of Bob Roy' at the Theatre Royal Mel bourne :— The circumstance reminds me much of the first time I entered a theatre in London. In the month of June, 183G, I accompanied one of my parents to the Coburg Theatre, New Cut, Lambeth, London, afterwards named the Victoria, after Her Majesty's accession to the throne of England. The theatre was under the lesseeship of a Mr Levy ; and I recollect the ' looking-glass* drop curtain let down between the pieces. The first piece played on the occasion I refer to was the drama tised version of Sir Walter Scott's novel, 'Rob Roy.' After that there was some juggling by an Indian called Rama Samee, and the 'looking-glass' curtain was let down, which enabled the audience to per ceive if any of their friends were present. Then' came the afterpiece, which was an adaptation of Captain Marryat's novel, 'I Jacob Faithful.' The principal character, Rob Roy, in the first piece was enacted by Mr N.T. HickB, at that time fast growing into: favour with the. transpontine audiences; who took the role of Helen ? Macgr'egor. I do not recollect, but to my then- uninitiated' mind, the portrayals could/not have been improved upon. The character ? of Jacob ? Faithful was also played by Mr; N. T. Hicks (of 'Bravo' Hicks fame), but' by whom the remainder of the cast was carried out;,my memory is not retentive enough.' to say. ??'?? ?» ' ?' ' ' j F; M. 'Clark'e opens with his Folly Com pany at the Academy of MuBic to-night. ? ! Bland.Holfc plays his company in Hobart during the holidays. .. ?.-.;.? ; Thus a New Zealand exchange 're a vocalist well known to many 'LaunceB tonians: — 'Arthur Clainpett has become quite a family man, being assisted ; in his concert tour up north by Miss ':Evelyn ; Price (Mrs platbpett), Miss Claudja,:Priee,; and MissViolet'Price, his sisters-in'-la.w.' ;- The Payne Family are in ? the ' southern part of the North ? Island, as is- also Mr Horace Chester. ? ? : ' ; Amy Sherwin hasleftthe Carl Rosa Com pany, arid will star the English provinces wijbh a concert company managed by Mr Hugo Gorlitz.- . ;i ' : I am glad to note ' the success of Mr R. F. . Cunningham, who has of late blossomed into a most promising tenor in the old coantry. 'I can well remember 'Bob,' as we used to .callhim.so'me fourteen years ago, then a very corpulent youngster, going ? to ' Bchool in' Hobart. ' Jim ' and 'Ted' Cunningham, his elder brothers, were in those days well known Tasmanian pressmen, the former editing' the old Tribune, while the latter held a position on the literary staff of- the same journal, together with poor Harry Collier, and the late ' A: J. A. Kearny who died in Sydney recently. 'Ted' Cunningham left the tribune and accepted a position on the Age, whence he went to the' Argus, with whioh journal he ia btill connected as leader of the literary staff. ' Jim ' has a big short band business in Melbourne/, and is a fine genial fellow. ' Bob ' will, I feel sure, gain a leading position on the London boards, for, in addition to a good voice, he possesses all the family tact and energy. Recent English advices show that he made a highly successful appearance in Manches ter on the 10th November as Thaddeus in the ' Bohemian Girl.* He was twice encored arid was well applauded throughout. He received the congratulations of the manager, the conductor, and the members of the company on the. succesB he had achieved. He is now studying the leading male roles in ' The Daughter of the Regi ment ', and ' Maritaaa,' and will appear in them shortly. Mr Stanley, it is said, receives the biggest sum ever paid to a lecturer, in the , Antipodes. The agreement contains a. heavy forfeiture clause, which will be operative if necessary against ' the . explorer. The Charringtona, Herbert Flemming, . Harry Power, and Ida Herbert left TownB ville recently by tho Tara, en route fox India. ' , Recently Miss Helen Fergus and com- ., pany were playing at the Princess Theatre,. Dunedin, to fair houses. . . ' . Despite the fact that their whole collec- ' ticm of trained horses was detained in quarantine, Messrs Sells Brothers have been doing a great business with their ' gigantic circus in Sydney. 'In spite (states an exchange) of the absence of their splendid performing horses, which we believe they will get back very shortly, their show is head and shoulders above anything in the line we have ever had in the colonies. They have a large troupe of Arabs, who perform some marvellous feats of gun-spinning and sword practice; a party of Japs, whose balancing and acro latic feats are new and entcrtaininer : con tortianista and trapeze artists; the re nowned Stirk Family on their bicycles ; arid the Silbons, in their exhibition on the lofty trapeze. In shore, the attraction d are almost unlimited, and ao many different performers are engaged that for the greater part of the performance three shows are going on , at the same time. Their ele phants and hippopotami are by no means the least attraction, and, on the whole, ; Sells' Circus is an exhibition that every one should see.' They close in Sydney to-day. The Baldwin Butterfly Company are playing at Durban, South. Africa. They leave there for India this month. Old Otagans whose memories will carry them back to the early digging days when Diinedin, in addition a couple of well-patronised theatres, was in possession of three or four musio kails and f ree-and- oasies will, states the Witness, still retain A warm corner in their hearts for the inim itable Barlow, whose topical songs ami ' Blue-tailed fly,' ' What'* to become of poor Billy Barlow,' ' Serious family,' ' Pro fessor Pepper's ghost/ where received with uproarious applause night after night. They will be pleased to learn that not only i» Mr Barlow still in the flesh, but he is actually once again in our midst, having arrived in Wellington in the Waihora recently. Mr Barlow retired from' ths stage many years ago, and has since given bis attention to' mining speculations and farming in Queens- - land. For the present he is taking advan tage of New Zealand's cool olimate to avoid - Queensland's hot summer and to recover . from the effects of a recent illness, and it is possible that he may give eomo ' entertainments during his stay in the colony. .''?'??? A Mr Marti* has arranged -with' Mt ' Maxwell Grey for the right of dramatising the author's novel, 'The Silence of Dean Maitland.' ? ?';' ? g|Besidea Jenny :: ' Jo' ? there is another Jenny Lee ('Jenny* with .a 'y'), who is also well known on the stage. She is tho daughter of the widely-known theatrical ? manager, Nelson Lee, who died some years : ago. At one time he was manager of the - old City of London Theatre, Norton Fol jjate, Bishopsgate, a house where Mr and ' Mrs R. Honner, B. F, Saville (the moat : popular romantic ' juvenile lead ' ot his day), JNewton Three Hicks- (otherwise '. Bravo ' Hicks) Mr and Mrs Clarence Holt ' (the first Mrs C. H.)'and poor G. V. Brooke were wont to play. ' ; ;. : ? The now play by Lord Tennyson, which ' Augustin Daly is to produce and in which . ' Ada -Rohan 13 to act the heroine,, is spoken of as 'a woodland- poem; over which bangs ~ the magic of the Fairy Land of the 'Mid- summer Nighfs, Dream,' and ' The Faitlv ful; Shepherdess;' ? But', unfortunately ? none' of Lord Tennyson's efforts'in dramatic literature have quite realised the expects- :- tioris excited by the piiff preliminary.. ' \ \ One' by one the novelists are stepping' into the theatrical arena. After the turn of Mr Christie Murray and Mr Henry James comes that of Mr Blackmore, who is engaged in the task of dramatising , 'Lorna Doone.'1 Mr- George Meredith iB also said to have essayed a comedy. . Patti was born at four o'clock- in the ' afternoon of February 10, 18-t3, in Fuen carral-street, Madrid, Spain. Mr H. Atkinson, the 'Australian Orpheus,' who wan 'discovered' by Mr J. L. Toole during his recent tour in the Antipodes, will (atates an exchange) make hrs first public appearance is Eng land at Covent Garden Theatre, having1 been specially engaged by Sir Augustuo Harris to give his remarkable vocal imi tations of numerous musical instruments in the second portion of the programme of the promenade concerts. - With regard to the intended future movements of Madame Melba the London correspondent of the Argus, under date October 16 writes: — MadameMelba has been seriously ill with influenza, and her rcntrec as Ophelia at the Grand Opera, Paris, has been postponed until this evening in con sequence. She will continue at the Paris opera until the end of the year, when she starts for Palermo,, and appears there at the opening of the Palermo Exhibition on. January 1. Her engagement is by the Italian Government at a salary of .£200 a ' night. This is her first appearance in. Italy, and her repertoire ' will include 'Lucia,' 'Rigoletto,* 'Fansfc,' and 'Tra viata.' Her engagement terminates at Palermo on January 23, and she next opens in Nice on the 26th of the same month at the same salary of 5000f. She- ? leaves Nice on February 23, and on the 28th opens again in Paris under the ' new management, of Mr Bert rand at X200 a night. Madame Melba- has not yet accepted Sir Augustus Harris's- ' offer of 4!20O a night for next season. She ?will sot sing for kim again unless he con cedes her the following conditions : — She ?will never sing more than two nights a -week, and those fashionable nights. She insists on being advertised six clear nights in advance, phe is to select the artists who appear with her. She demands that the operas are properly rehearsed. She claims the right to sing at private concerts for herself, and she will not allow Sir Augustus Harris to put up cheap prices ; and finally, she insists that the press shall be invited on every first night of her per , formances. These demands may seem very ! imperious, but they have .become necessary, owing to the neglect of such precautions , last season in London. Colonel Mapleson, who iB her agent, is negotiating with an American impresario for .£800 a night for a ,. ? . tour in the United States next autumn. Ik regard to his new comedy company, Mr Walter Carle writes to ?* Touchstone' an follows : — 'As you know, I have made arrangements with Mr Tom Buckley and his 'New Musical Comedy Company' for a summer tour of Tasmania. The company, which numbers eight, includes some per formers new to thiB colony, amongst whom are J. Stuart, A. Young, 'tenor and actor ; Will Delorey, mimic ; Miss Georgie Bayners, actress, vocalist, and musician ; also Miss Bhoda Rhodes, a very pleasing comedienne vocaliste, dancer, and piano soloist, who possesses a certificate of merit from Signor Zelman, of Melbourne. The entertainment will consist of comedy, ? minstrelsy, musical oddities, and burlesque. Miss Alice Sydney Bdevett, the cele brated Australian pianiste, will give a performance on Tuesday evening next in the Mechanics' Hall, under the patronage and in the presence of his Excellency the ' ., Governor and Lady Hamilton, Miss . ' Burnett's- performance in the Albert Hall \ was spok.en of in. the highest terms by all '????„' who' were so fortunate as to be present^ ?????'?,' ' '?; and: !-I, understand that, the ' programme for 'Tuesday evening next will be of a a till more popular character than on the former occasion. 