? THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. 'I would give a million — g of dollars for a stomach,'said w^aIthy A merican recentiy . Now, a million dollars (£200,000) i3 a deal of money, but be was not able to bay the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gar- ^ was J ready en0Ugh t0 give all that he had for one thing that he "hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : 4 Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In, December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, ray appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that 1 often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to' fill up' and my throat would swell so as I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out at my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call tbe doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. I then went as an out- patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, ani at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Derby Abbey and my former master gave me an in-door recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all tiie beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and two other doctors at Derby. The first one said,' You arc in a galloping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I cauhgt cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, some-times as much as a teacupful at once, anl was afraid to goto sleep for fear the phlegm would clwlte me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out in a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but as so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and setting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear tbe least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. ' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' 1 can do you no good; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s bottle. But nothing did any good and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another, world.' About the middle of March, 1889. a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Derby Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did gou ever try Mother Seigel.s Syrup?' and he told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise o! this medicine 1 sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street, After the fir-atdose I had evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when awoke. After taking the me.iicine for three days ray breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. Py the end of a fortnight I went to ste my mastei 1 who "7 A " A —y r t ,, i asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told I had him, saved as I tell my every life. I one, commenced that Mother work Seigel's at one.;, Syrup and have never 1 __ lost a day's r work since. ^ . ^ ' Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup fur six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Ga°kin requests us to refer all doubters to him or Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Derby Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Derby Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainli/ (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of tbe digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the far.ts of his caRe to all tiiinkiug people. 