MUSIC Aroojo BAMJL The Sydney Liedertafel. v' The Sydney Liedertafel, as the oldest existing musical association in Sydney, well justified its reputation as a promoter of musical art by the pro duction of an important work by Wagner, ' Daa Liebcsmahl der Apostel,' a Biblical scene, of which Wagner wrote the words, composed the music, and conducted the performance at Dresden in July, 1843, at a festival of male singers. The following' extract from the tiro gramme beet explains the aim of the work : — ' III the love feast depicted by Wagner we have presented to us an assemblage of Christians, some of whom are be wailing the persecutions they are subjected to, while others endeavour to comfort them and inspire them with hope. The Apostles show the necessity for patience in suffering, and a prayer is offered up for the sending of the Holy Ghost. This prayer is answered, and the Apostles assure the Christians of their ultimate triumph over their persecutors, and point to proud Rome as the centre from which the light of Christianity should spread over all the earth. The work ends with a joyful burst of exultation, and a declaration of ?willingness on the part of all assembled to undertake the task of spreading the word of God among all nations.' The music is exceedingly difficult, and the vocal part, requiring three separate choirs, made the per formance a serious strain upon the resources of the society, a strain to which the numerical strength, in spite of tho individual and combined excel lence of the choir, was unequal — at least to give due effect to the music in a building like the Centennial TTall ; and the selection of the composition, though in an art sense highly commendable, and reflecting great credit upon the energetic and enthusiastic musical director and upon the chorus and orchestra for their most pains taking work, was not altogether a felicitous one. The lofty aim deserved a wanner recognition than the first performance of the work could receive from a miscellaneous audience ; and, coming in the middle of a part directly after tlie Shadow Song from Meyerbeer's ' Dinorah,' the music sounded unusually weird ; and the extraordinary effects in instrumentation, the strange chords, and generally solemn character of the work demand a greater familiarity than can be gained from one hearing and before the composition can be fairly judged. As a proof of devotion to musical art the performance commands respect, and the fi*ml chorus was particu larly dramatic, dignified, and effective. The prepara tion has involved very hard work, and it can be well understood that too much of the interval since the last concert had been thus absorbed to admit of much novelty from the members in the remainder of the programme, but a very successful experi ment was made of giving a madrigal and a part song with soprano voices, provided by a choir of boys from St. Andrew's Cathedral, St. Mark's (Darling Point), All Saints' (Woollahra), and St. Thomas's Church (North Sydney). So effective was the result that its continuance may be looked for, together with the introduction of music which, under other circumstances, would be with 1 out the pale of the Liedertafel repertoire. ' Corin for Cleora dying,' by Wallace (of ' Maritana' and ' Lurline ' fame), and Pinsuti's 'Parting Kiss ' were the numbers so selected. The madrigal was especially delightful, and -was most warmly received. The orchestra, largely reinforced for the occasion, in addition to furnishing the ac ' companiments to Wagner's work, performed Sulli van 8 ' Overture di Ballo,' composed for the .'Birmingham Musical Festival of 1870, and a Benedictus ' originally composed as violin solo in a suite of six numbers by Dr. A. C. Mac \- kenzie ; both numbers were faithfully and skilfully rendered, Mr. Herbert Bice acting as leader and , having associated with him many prominent artists of Sydney. The soloists were Miss Tialln. Miranda and Mr. W. Smith, a .member of the society, who selected Handel's beautiful but melancholy recit and aria, 11 Deeper and Deeper ' Still ' with ' Waft her, angels, through the skies,' and sang with great taste. The lady, who appeared for the first time in Sydney, is a young Australian singer, who has already made her name well known in Melbourne musical circles. -Her voice is soprano, of exceptional range, very flexible, and excelling \- in the execution of coloratur ; her runs and trills \- are alike excellent, and her chromatic scales were very accurately sung. Her 'best characteristics found full opportunity in Meyerbeer's ' Shadow Song,' in ' Dinorah,' which was vehemently applauded; the familiar ballad, 'Robin Adair,' which was given as encore, is not so well adapted to this lady's style. Garyll's waltz song, ' Dis moi,' received a similar compliment; ' Comin* Through the Rye ' formed the second encore. In their rendering of ' Every Bustling Tree,' the ' Greek War Song,' ' The Betreat,' and the bandit's chorus from. ' Ernani ' the repeated previous successes ; and the concert, , which was attended by a very large and distin guished audience, which filled the Centennial Hall, was fully acceptable. 