THE MYSTERY OF M. FELIX. ST B. L. FARJEON, Autl'or of "Great Porter-square," "Miser Farebrother " &c.; &c.; CHAPTER Lin. THE PORTRAIT OF GEEALD PAGET. At 9 o'clook next morning, Bob, Sophy, and I bi-eakfasted together. Soohy's fears were abated, although BOB had not quite get over her fright. During breakfast I succeeded in disjielliDg it completely by imparting to her, in confidence, the opinion we had formed that ML Felix was alive, and that it was his veritable self, and not his ghost, she had seen on the previous night. She listened with her mouth and eyes wide open. "You heard him speak, Sophy?" She nodded. " Ghosts can't speak. He caught hold of you; he liftfd you up; you felt his touch?" She nodded again. "Ghosts oan't touch; they can't make yoa feel them; they we made of air, Sophy ; yoa can walk right through them. Be easy in your mind. If it wxu M. Felix you caw"—she nodded again two or three times—"then he is alive, and we intend to hunt him down." I gave her time to revolve the matter over in her mind, and conversed with Bob while Bho went through the process. " Crickey!" she exclaimed presently. " What a game it is! Then it must 'ave been 'im as seated me in the night when I left aunty asleep in the kitchen^. I never could make out 'ow it was he knew 'is way about in the dark as h did. He's a deep 'un, he is, and no mistake. Well, of all the moves! But what did he do it for?" " It would take too long to explain," I said, " and then you might not understand. We are going out soon, and you may as well come with us. It would not be safe, perhaps, to leave you hfre alone." Bob and I had debated the advisability of •ending Sophy back to London, and had agreed to keep cer with us, at least for a time, as there mi a likelihood of her being useful. Our first task when we sallied forth w&s; to endeavour to obtain some information of M. Boedier, bat in thin we were unsuccessful. Not a person 6f£whotn *we enquired could give us tin slightest satisfaction, and we'were reluctantly compelled to abandon our quest. I discussed with Bob what her I should write an aooount of what had occurred to Emilia, and wedeoided I should not do so. It would take too long to give her a description of- all the circumstances, and anything short of a full description would only agitate her. Then, in all probability, M. Bordier had" returned to London, and had seen her." I dispatched a telegram to her to the' effect that if she had anything of importance to communicate to us she had better do BO by tdegiaph. This done we walked to Tylney House. Our search for M. Boedier haaooenpied us three or four hours, Mid when We i&ah;&d; the gloomy-looking building it was S o'clock- ;'*Co our surprise, the gate was open. Without hesitation we entered the grounds, and thorp. We saw a" van, and three men -piling furniture on it. This furniture was of the'Gcimmdrrestkind. &nd; the men appeared to be in a hurry.'' We looked at each other in amazementu What did it all mean ? " A break-up, I should say," suggested Bob. " Petersen-giving up business." "There's Grawley the keeper," whispered Sophy, pulling myooat. The man had iounged from the house, and was regardtng- the removal of the furniture with diM^rtartrrcn. Bob stepped to his side "Hidlo, iQiia," said Crawley; "you've been np to some "fine tricks, you have. But T*m hanged if l ean make head or tail of it." Bob motioned to Sophy not to speak. " Have you "two gentjfemen come on business?" contafatid Crawley. "Well you've come too late. Thebtokersatein, and we're sold up." "T%en we oannct see Dr. Petersen," I said. "No, yoa cant," replied Crawley. "He's gGaeforgood. 1 " !" **I owe you," said Bob, in a bland voice, "ten Bhfllings. Here's the money. Do you want to eera a ten-pound note, which might swell Into fifty ? There's a gentleman friend of ours' who would stand that and more perhaps, forbferriciBB rendered." - "What kind of services? " enquired Crawley, jpcnNni^ the ten shillings. "Infontfatjoh. Truthful and aoenrate information. The ten-pound note sure. That much we guarantee, and wouldn't mind giving half ^n account. The fifty pounds almost as sure. Here,Tet me st>eak to you aside." Hey watted a littln Way from us, and I did not interrupt their conversation, which lasted some twenty minutes. At the end of that time Bob left Orawley to say a few words to me. "Go bank to "the inn." hesaid, "you and Sophy, -and 'wait for me Will join you thste in an hour or so. Crawley and I are going toha>e h dnnk." I obeyed; without Wasting time in asking quertkraa, and Sophy and .1'returned to the inn. It was' a disappointment that a telegram from Emilia had not arrived. But before Bob made his appearance an incident oocurred which profouiidly agitated me. I'-waa sitting at the table, making, as 'was usual with me, a reqprd of what had happened, in the doing of^fcichl had ocoasion to take some papers from" my . pocketa. Among these papera, which • £ placed on the table, was the photo" graph of Gerald Paget, which I had found in H. .Felix's room, Ins name being written on the Ipijc. While I wrote Sophy remained quiet. The girl has a discretion ; she knowB when t» speak. and when to hold her tongue. My. writing done I took up the papers to put them in my pocket, and in doing so the photograph dropped, to the ground. Sophy stopped •and picked it up, and was about to give it to me,, when her eyes fell on it. . "Well, I,never 1" she exclaimed. "If it «in't the pickcher of Number One!" "What?" I cried- " It Is," she said, looking at it with absolute tenderness. " It's the image of 'im, though he Voider now than when it was took: but it's is face as clear as clear can be." ''Sophy," I said, rising in my excitement, "are yuumad? Do you know what you are Baying?" a 'Coarse I do. It's Number One I tell yer. IH take my Bible oath on it!" " "%ou.must be dreaming," I said. " This is the portrait of a gentleman who died many years ago." : Vlf he's dead," she persisted, "he's come to life again, like Mr. Felix. It's Number One's pickeher, and nobody else's." She was so positive that I was confounded by the-possibilities her statement opened up, supposing her not to be mistaken. Nothing that X said oould phake her conviction. " I know 'is face as well as I know your'n," she said." " I can't be mistook. It's the pickcherof Nnmber.One." At this juncture Bob entered the room. Awi'nm as I was to near Ins news I first explained the incident to him, and it was an additional surprise to me when he ranged himself qn Sophy's aide. " I acpept everything, "he said. "Novillainy too manstroos far Peterasen. Corroborative evidenoeliandy. . Crawley!" . The.'man was oateide in the passage, and at tha mnmnons he came in. " Know this portnut?" asked Bob, handing it to him. . . "Of course I do. It's Number One. How 'did youget hold of it?" ' "Never mind. Are you positive it is his portrait,!" "IH swear to it." "That will do. Go and eat something to eat, and be ready when I call you. Mind, no ^Ciwfey gone, Bob tuned his attention to me. "Before I tell yon arrangements entered into with Crawley, finish about this picture. Sophy says, portrait of Number One. Crawley will awearto it.' I believe it—name of Gerald Paget back of picture. Deduction—portrait of Gerald Paget. Further deduction—Number One and Gerald Paget same person. Startling —bat Peterasen and M. Felix, infernal scoundrels, pair of them. No villainy too menstroos for them. In circumstance of Number One and Gerald Paget being same person, his notation pf Peterasen'a power over M. Felix. What does lady we are working for overhear? Overhears Peterasen threaten to rain M. Felix —overhears him refer to a pleasant partnership in 8wifcEarlsod nineteen years ago—overhears him ask M. Felix if he has forgotten his brother Gerald. Not idle words; on die contrary, deeply, darkly significant—to my mind quite clear and convincing. Splendid links of circumstantial evidence. Gerald Paget alive instead of dead—additional reason for M. Felix's disappearance. Threatened not on two sides, but on three—Peterasen, Gerald Paget, Gerald Paget's wife. Desperate fix for M. Felix. Your opinion, Agnold." '' Coincides with yours, Bob. Light is truly breaking in upon this mystery." "Right you are. Now to explain Crawley. Have taken him in our service, for one month certain, thirty shillings a week. Matters brought to satisfactory oonclusion, promise of passage to America with few pounds in hiB pocket. No doubt M. Bordier will do what we wish and indemnify us; if not won't ruin us. Agreed ?" "Agreed." "I oome now to Peterssen and Tylney House. Briefly. Things been going wrong for some time past. Peterssen in pecuniary . difficulties. Dunned on all sides for money owing. Tradesmen threaten to stop supplies. Last night Peterasen in frightful rage. Door of private room locked. Key missing. Door foroed open. Something stolen from room. Crawley doesn|t know what. We do. Sophy, otherwise Maria, nowhere to be found. Row between Peterssen and Crawley. Peterasen accusee Crawley of treachery. Crawley calls him another. ,At midnight Crawley hears bell ring. Peterssen answers it—admits visitor. Crawley doesn't Bee him. Visitor sleeps there •—is there this morning—but Crawley oan't cau-h sight of him, Keeps himself dark. Crawley sent on bogus errand. Occupies him three hours. Returns to find visitor gone, Peterssen gone, Number One gone. Note left for Crawley from his master. Concern burst up. Tn note small sum for wages due. Not half what is due. Crawley furious, but helpless. I have enlisted him. He is to assist us to track Peterssen. That's all." "Bob," said I, "Peterssen must be hunted down and brought to justice." "He must," said Bob, " and shall be." "There is some fresh villainy hatching," I said. "If possible, we must prevent it. You will stand by me ?" • "To the end," said Bob. 