lie Traveller. uperstition Mountain. Ono (tho strangest and most we'rd tales of supitition ooines from tho mouutain rogionttf Arizona, hardly a scorn of mileg from tl capital of that territory. Hero, in the dcl-i'ion of tho monntain fastnesses, where -ly tho hardy hunter and prospect ing mor ovor walks, is a lone mouutain ponk at oxtpnde high into tho sky and which called Mount; Supprst'tioa, a name given ; by a raoa of Iudiaus that at a very early, iriod roamed ovei this part of the oounti whioh at a later epoch beeatno tho hunth. gronud of the. savage and traaotouH Apaches. , At fio extromo western edge of tho BumnOf .this ghost-bauntod mountain oan bo seeoo-day the orumbiing ruius of an old Btorie ft, from whioh a grand viow of tho oountrjj to bo had. Within tho onclcsuro that swunds tho walls of this old fort is perhap: an aero of land, or rather roek. his_ mountain is tho possessor of a slrange'ndian legend, aud has for years been he in suoh veneration by tho rod mpn of Arizona ns to prevent even the most in trepid warrior from hunting on or even visit ing it. In the parly ages prior to the establish- .. ment of missions, which tho archivos show to have been more than two centurios ago, there came up the Salt River Vnlloy a strange tribo of Indians, who settled at the foot of Superstition Mountain. They were not a raco of giants. Instead their staturo wjs about four feet, and they oamo into tho valley 1,000 strong, and brought with them a drovo of strange animals— evidently sheep. At this early age Arizma was tho homo of the warlike Papago and Pima Indians, who held in fee .simple the valleys, while tho mountains wero held by tho savage Apaches. These strange invaders we o peaceful and followed the avocation of farming, and tho Apaches regarded them as possessing super natural powers and as holding s' riot com-' munion with the G roit Spirit ; and for this r.uoou tuo tqu »ltec tribj was not molested. The Indians at onoe began work by irrigat ing aud tilling the soil. On the summit of the .mouncain they built a stone wall, whero at night they slept in security from tho cn cr laohments of ihoir warlike neighbors. The religious rites of the strangers surprised tha Apaches. When the sun rose on the tusteru slopes the dwarfs- would r'so and, facing the orb of light, stand motionless until it had risen above the mointiius-. Then they would lie faoe downward for sev eral moments, during whioh incantations were performed by tho melioine men, of er which thoy would rise and go about their dnily work. The dwarfs occupied their little dom tin for fivo years, when the Apaohes, who had traded with th'j ' little men ' were given a surpiUe. The Aoaches h d often notioc.it that the central figure in all the 'religious rites f the dvvaris had been a woman much taller than the dwaifa, commanding in np paaia ic?, with a white skin and long, flow ing, light hair. In their ignorjnee and su perstition, the Apaohes attached . to this queen supernatural powers. During -ho live years they had never seen this woman iu the valley, and they noted that the Jittlo Iodians regarded her as a deity. About tbo middle of the summer of tho fifth jot the Apaches learned that a body of armed war ' io WUU.IJ uum the sou ch. They prepared for defence, but learned that the coming wtrriora were only in search of the dwarts, and they abaridoriod hostilities. Iu.the meantime the Apaches noted tho agitat on of the dwarfs and saw them making preparations for resisting a foe. Great piles of stones were piled on the edges of tfco pre ci| ices overlooking tho valleys, the sbeep were driven into tho mountains and the rudo farming utousils taken to the Bummit. Tho Apaohes, who are natural born assassins, had no grievance against' tho dwarfs, but woro net displrased with tho prospects of war, for they thought it would be to their gain. Tho chief of tho Zunis, as the iuvadora called themselves, told a strange story to account for tho hostilities of the tribe agaiust dwarfs. He said that a dozen year.? beforo, the prieats of his tribe had journoyed to tho wattrs of the rising sun. Here they found among a tribe of Indians a beautiful pilo faoed tquaw. By a barter tho priests securcd the woman and brought her homo, where she was held in high venerat'on , and re verence. The tribe regarded her as possess ing supernatural and divine powers. Tho chief now in commarid of the invaders pro posed to wed her, but she fled and took rofugo with the dwarfs, who were a branch of their tribe, whioh was an offshoot of the Pueblo Indians. \ The chief commanded tho dwarfs to sur render the pale-faoed squaw, but they par leyed and migrated. The chief had now come to seoure the woman and punish the dwarfs. The invading warriora' were about 700 strong, and were armod with bows and arrows, rough spears and stone battle-axes. Tue dwarfs were scarcely arme 1 at all, and the Apaches figured an easy victory for the invaders. The armed warriors followed tho mountain riago, ana approaonea superstition Mountain without attempting to soale it steop sideB. It was a bright warm afternoon that tho invaders approaohed the fort. Not a'porson was in sight but one, aod she, tho whito woman, stood outside, tho rongh walls, by the side of a muddy pool about 1.00 foot from the wall. She knew that not an arrow would be shot nor a spear thrown at her, and she stood there, hor hair Btroaming in tho breeze, a picture of beauty that even the untutored Indians could not help but admire, a fitting gauntlet of battle- for the knight crrants of old. Urged by thoir chiof the Indians made a wild rush toward her ; but she stood still, the most perfect confidenco marked in every feature of her beautiful face. When the foe was but a short dis tance away she picked up an alia— or earthen jar— and emptied the contents into their midBt, and then ran quickly, scaling the wall by a ladder that was drawn up after hor. In a moment balls of fire seomod to roll over tho mountain. Many of the Indians fell dead on their way: to tho fort ; others, terror-stricken, jumped over the precipices and met their death. Tho chiof was ono of the first killed, and the disorganisej;band retreated, while the Apabhe sentinels who bad bsen stationed to watch tho litt'e battle tied in terror. Several hundred of the in vaders perished, and not an arrow was fired. Tho Indians who escaped said at orioe that their defeat was brought about by the-Great Spirit and returned homo. Aftor this tho 1vo :: derful powers of tho white squaw woro spread throughout the country iuto every In dian tribo, and this was suftioient for a time to protect the dwarfs. Two years aftor thiB a band of Chiricnhua warriors,' the most bloodthirsty of the Apaohe nation, Tithed the Pinals in the valley. While intoxicated on pulque they attaoked the dwarfs in tho night and met a like reception to tho Zunis, which killed many of them. From this time the little dwarfs wero unmolosted for Boveral .summers, when they disappeared as suddenly as they oamo, going to the southward. Tho Apaohes oalied the while woman ' Pale fuoed Lightning,' and claimed that she; had disappeared in a blaze of fire arid that the dwarfs, knowing their protector had gone, fled to a more secure place. ' Tho spirit of the palo-faood squaw is now supposod to reside in a oavein the mountain, and not one of tho Indians oan be hired, to this day,' to go up the Superstition Mountain. The phenomenon that so surprised tho In dians is explained by a gentleman j/esidirig at Phoenix, A. T.— Mr. P. C. Bicknall. / Ho says that on tho north sido of tho preeipioo nflflf tflfi ft1«1 fnrll'flnoflftn ion -ln!rn ous iron, p.nd on the south, sido tho -'niinbral appears in the form of copperas. In tho latter thero was a small hole in which, water, imp egnated with salt, was constantly drip ping. From this, across the mountain, whero veins of copper iu the native Btate. The copper stringers conneoting the ledges rest ed on a kind of slag, produosd .by voloanio heat. Hero _ was a positivp and npgativo polo cooncotod with a good, electric conductor, and a ohemioal decomposition taking plnce that would produce a current sufficiently strong to bo destruotivo to animal life. ; Hamilton's ' Resouroosof Ariz jnia ' makes reforonce to tho ' Cava of tho Spirit 'Mother ' as it was eallcd by tlio Indians, and which: is Bupposod to be tho cavo whero tho spirit of tho whito squaw lingers, as follows; 'Iu another oavo, on the south sido of tho Salt lliyor, on removing tho debris, pieces., of cotton and cotton oloth havo boon fourid Bix feet- bolow tho present floor. The: relics' woro in a good atuto of/preservation, tho; cotton being of . a silky fibre. - Ono of tho piooes of oloth showed a rudb attempt at ornamontation, having ehiall oyoleta workod by somo Bharp- pointed instrument.' The author might havo truthfully added that thp srumbling bones of a solitary human , bo.. ^ ivero also found in tho oave. 230' /-' ' ? ? . 