M 1/ I r» T I I c SZ ! O U |M V IVJ I i— i i 'C. | i NORFOLK ISLAND: I AUTHENTIC RECORDS. [ALL BIGOTS BESEEVED.J No. 6. A SIGHT ECEKZ. The contrast between day and night at the gaols oa Norfolk Island WBB one ol tbo most striking it is possible to imagine. ' Whilst daylight lasted the scene was one ot 1 great animation. The tramp ot innumer- \ able feet; the loud ordere of those in cora- • mand.mingled with the hoarse challengee ot i the guard and the dismal clank, clank of the 1 ironed convicts made a perpetual din. Too oltea, indeed, these sounds were added to by the wild (shrieks, or doll moans of the wretohee being Hogged, (or scarcely s day passed without the triangles being in Dee, and the whistle of the lash nas the moet familiar ot masie to the felons. Alter darkness eet in the transformation was complete. A silence BS of the grave settled over all. The convicts were eecorely locked, and, perhaps chained, in their cells, and forbidden to speak under severe punish; meut. . Tbe turnkeys moved ndiaeleaBly about with padded boots, for that gave them an opportunity to detect any breeches of the regulations on the part of the prisoners. A zaalous warder did not coneider he bad done his dnty unless be was able to report one or two felons each night for Borne trivial offence or another. There waB a sort of emulation between them in that respect, and it was little matter whether the charges were true or not. If the turnkey said they .were it was no ase for the hapless prisoner to deny them. 0.i the night of the 13'i October, lSi6— the day on whioh the twelve mutineers had been executed—Father Slurphy, the Gatholia cliuplBin, was standing in the orridor of the old ^aol. Tlic silence was almost oppressive. inside the prison nothing could be beard, whilnt outside only the muffled boom made by the ocean lapping on the reels broke upon the ear. The worthy priest was thus standing, wrapped in' his thoughts which, judging from the events of the day, ooul<* have been uo cheerful ones, when a turnkey glided op to him as noiselessly as a ghost. This fellow was named Sadleir, and he afterwards became notorious by robbing one of the officers (Mr. Waters) of £700. He was both an aooomplished and a brutal villain, end at this time he held a third- class pass,and was in nacipt of two shillings a dBy. Father Mnrpby hada considerable dislike to Sadleir, bat being of rather a genial nature he entered into conversation with him. •'Howquiet the gaol is to-night. It almost seems as if the place is deserted,' he remarked. "I don't think it will ever be entirely deserted, for if the settlement is abolished, as the talk goes, the ghost of many a felon will haunt it," answered Sadleir." ' "lhope, my man, they may never haunt you," w»s the sharp reply. The turnkey did not appear to relish this allusion to his " life swearing away " propensities, and turned the conversation by saying : •* 1 thinfe, sir, 1 am entitled to some credit for the Biienee which reigns here. When I Bin in charge 1"strictly oarry out my duty, and the prisoners know it." " I daresay they do," Father Murphy dryly auBwered. While they were thus speaking in a mufli id tone Sialeir euddenly remarked : "I hear some one speaking now, but I koOw who ths fellow is and I'll soon stop hiro." Going to some psga, which were in the wall close by, he took from one ot them a [ curious looking article, It was like a small piece of harness, sea at first Light would create surprise in the mind of the beholder of to imagine whatamuisl of the brute creation elided of so diminutive a size as tu permit of its use. In appearance it resembled a very small hridle, perfect in head, hand, throat lt=h. &:.,and on enquiry it would be found that ii was intended for use on a fellow-creature. Attached to It is a round niece cf iron weed four inches in length by "one and a hall inches in diameter. This again is secured in a broad strap of leather to crcss the month, In the wood is a small hole, and when used this piece of wood is inserted in the mouth, the small hole being the only breathing space. When the whole is secured with the various strops and buckles a more complete bridle in resemblance could not well be imagined. It waB, in short, the spring gag one of the instruments used lor torturing the unhappy prisoners in the penal settlemint. The turnkey took down the little gaol auxiliary, and followed by the priest—who, in fact, had never yet seen the apnliaation of this tortnre—went to a oell occupied by a convict named Booney. This man was stone blind, and the poor wretch was a mere haman wreck from disease and ill- treatment. Oa entering the cell, Booney was foond lying on his straw-mat undressed, and to all appearanoe asleep. Sadleir,. roughly calling him by name, told the blind old man to get np and dress .himself. Witb a surprised expression oa hissigbtlesa face Booney did so, and tbeu followed toe turnkey into the yard, where Sadleir inserted the ironwood gag in the convicts mouth. When that was done the working of the inurnment was at once apparent, for the sonnd produoed in the violent effort to breathe through the small hole resembled a half-stifled whistle. The victim only got about half the proper supply of air, and it was quits evident that it the gag "were inserted lor any considerable time suffocation would ensue. After this operation, Sadleir took bis halfetiflcd prisoner to a Iamp-poEt in tbe yard and placed his back against it. The old man's arms were then taken round the post and eeouted by a pair of handcuffs to it. The night was very chilly, for in such a climsts, though the days are hot the nights invariably are cold. . Booney wore a light jacket,open in front, and the priest, noticing that the man was •hireling,"5(he Had just been taken out of a warm cell) went to him"and buttoned the coat np to his throat, at tbe same time epeakingafew kindwords to cheer him. Although*-tin eonviot *onld neither speik or »ee tbe qift pf hearing was not denied bim, end as Father Murphy ^spoke the tears rolled from bis sigb Uess eyes to think that someone jret ;; felt Hoi bis miserable and 4elon enn-' dition. r- - There is no doubt that even tbe most hardened villain can be more easily won to reformationbyjudicious irindnesertbah by iijbmtólseverity, and this bet alone is sufficient r to ^pondemn tbe system which obtained at the colonial penal settlements! •'.' ~ ... "-How long are yon going to keep "Booney in tbis positiMił". tbo prieftat jehgth asked (be turnkey^ J, V *• I'll give, l>im four hours for a change. iŁaśttime heonly got -three imnis,*' replied Sadleir. v..-.i' :-- i will die nhder it. . I're heatdihe (doctor say • an- :«wercd; ....... " There is no fear ^of ^hjmJ'djing. He'll lisretotravethe gagmahyai^ BesideB, he ehouldn' 1 * l>ixe)c Ibe regulanone," oom^anS«nttmteatbeiiuitt«ii^ "I regard hitu es a .reliable man,and it] wcnia fas-impossibTeJfor me to Wt<ind to every little breach ntdiecipline that occurs. llooney should not have talked, and lie would nut be punished," iineKeredihe Commandant. "I BID oeitiia tbo man was not talking, and i! brutal fellows like Saddlcir arc allowed to use the gag there may be .a repetition of l\van'ti Cfcse, 1 ' F-pli<id Murphy. The commar-ving ofEter did not relish this allusion to Ryan's case, wboeo death was hastened by Vsc gag, and bidding the clorgyman good- eveaing ie went from the gaol to i his quarters, Tnc priest was determined not to leave 11 ioney to bis fate, and he want in -search of Doctor Everett. It was far on towards midnight, however, wben that gentleman was found, and the tiro went to the yard where the eonviot was handcn&ed; to tbe lamp-post. He -was Btill there, as tbe four hunts had not yet expired. The moment the doator looked at him hs signalled for a turnkey, and hastily began to tinlooBs the btidle. Tbe most ignorant onlooker could eee that there was no .time to lose. The emaciated pale face of the convict was hideously "swollen and puuile, and it WEB evident that he was in the last stage of suffooation. Of course, he was cot strong, and his vitality..was low. but such treatment waB calculated to kill the strongest. In half a minute the gag* was taken out, and Sadleir came harrying to tbe spot and unlocked the handcuffs. Booney would hoe fallen to the ground had he not been supported, and Everett sternly ordered the turnkey to take the convict to the hospital, and not back to tbe cell. " If I thought you would -be punished for it I would let the poor wretch die, an be would be far better of?, but, nnder the cin cumstances, L will not do so," ths medical officer angrily said. As they proceeded down the yard towards the hospital, the ominous sound of the stifled whistle fell npon the priest's nervous ears, and, glancing in: the direction of the noise, be was startled to see another prisoner bound to a post and, without doubt, gagged. He instantly drew Everett's attention to it, and, leaving Booney in chargs ot a constable who had come to them, they went to the post, and there, sere enough, was tbe patent gag at work again. "Who did this!" asked the doctor of Sadlier, who had followed them. "The man would nut be quiet,~and I was foroed to do it. I must do my duty," was the answer. On looking closely at the prisoner the prieft said. "Why, this is O'Neill. Surely you might have let him end his few honrs on earth in peace." O'Neill was one of tbe remaining mutineers, lying under sentence of death, end, when the doctor found who it was, he ordered the turnkey to release bim immediately. When he was able to speat the convict solemnly assured thote around bim that he was lying qoitlly asleep when Sadleir entered bis celi, aroused bim, and, without any explanation, dragged him ous and gagged him. O'Neill waB taken back to his ceil, and Doctor Everett and Father Murphy proceeded to tbe hospital to sec Itooney. lie was still nnconecioue, and iL was only after an hour's unremitting attention th&t; he partly recovered bis tenses. Tbe clerg>iaan and the doctor arranged to meet rex£ morning—or rather ibe tame mcrning, for it was loDg after midnight when they separated— and enter a etrong pretest against Sidlcir having the power to inSict such punishment as he had tbst nigbl. Along wilii the lievereoed Mr. Wi'iitms they waited on tbe civil commandant at ten o'clock, and ptt the case etro&gly; before him. •'I may tell you, sir, that the men's lives are not cc!c in Uie hands of rucb a man. 1 am nut o;ilain yet that Bjoney will survive his trefetmei-t ot laet uigl.t," pro tested tbe doctor. " That man has been dyin-j for months, and you should not blame Sadleir j! he goes off," the commandant coldly answered. " But, eurely you do not think it proper to torture a dying man ?" the priest asked. "There is no torture about it. The puuisbment is perfectly legal, and the law uoes not allow tortnre." " I beg your pardon, broke in Xverett. 1 think the gag ehoold hnnij be J abolished, and if Commissioner Moore asks j my opicion of it, I will tell bim so. " Well, gentlemen, if tbe head antbarities decide to stop its use, well and good. 1 am responsible for discipline here, and 1 may tell you that I will not interfere with present arrangements." The deputation of hnmane gentlemenjwithdrew from the oommandButs presence sorely disappointed-at the result of the inter- View, but each of them were quite determined not to let the matter rest where it Their only hope lay in the commissioner, but that gentleman, who had now been a fortnight on the island, had as yet done absolutely nothing towards his mission. If the truth must be told, he seemed to have entered npon a prolonged spree, which was rather encouraged than otherwise by most of the officials who had any lapse to hide. They were evidently determined that he should leave the island as wise ae when he landed on it, and there was every prospeot that their wishes would be realised, as he fell very easily into the trap. The three gentlemen separated,after coming to an understanding that on the first favorable opportunity they would place their views strongly before Hie. Commissioner Moore. Mr. Williams, who hadbeenln attendance moBt of the previous night oh a - dying prisoner, went over to a small Bummer-bonse whioh stood in the barrack grounds,- and, •eating himself on a email rustic bench in it. placed his feet on a small table opposite, and was iBoon-hnried in a profound reverie on the misery and wretchedness -around him. He had been in This position aboqt ten minutes, when he was suddenly startled by Commissioner Hoore rushing into the enmmer-house, who seised him by each foot and rudely dragged him along the seat and then let him drop on the ground. As the clergyman -ose, theexcited-commissioner dealt him asevve blow in the mouth which khooked out two-o! htB teetb. The man ot peace could not quietly submit to each sa nnprovoked attack, and, bong a muscular Christian, he returned the blow with intereft. Joet nt this moment come of the offioersoame in end Beised Moore, who was. evident); not tesponsible for his actions.; r^ v Although the commissioner heartily sptdogised for; bis conduct the next day, thB ContretempB pnt an end .to any hope of assistance from that quarter .'in sending •Turnkey Sadleir to the right abont, but where man failedv Providence apparently stepped in and suoceeded. . No record is extant, however, as to whether the inhuman soonndiiel was treated in the same brntal manner that he nsed to treat those ondcr his command. Infant,it is to befearedthat suehjnaa nnt the case, or eome one would have beenaureto have taken pleasure in handing tbefaat donn I in,posterity.. : ; J V . 1 Three days after his brutal treatment of 1 Booneyand O'Neill,he was caught red-handed I in the act of robbing Hr. ^?atere, cne of jthe j i'/..'-* <"• .vcr-p/• re'Vi^ . - sion Aelonging to Watea, and, in iaddition I toaflogging aod a fiose ,of: the j " . V ] iiesA ^^^^^vi^^cHent:'^ ipnlv iajly łhntnMfc thijinut ^Alllmłjl desperate umiuummh pri»ners were A*. «op J a "jposed to be fl^ced, iJmt 'it was frequently maa, themidiim of tbe rerenge oT gaolers, 