Parliamentary Extract. THURSDAY. Tho cagorneas with which lion, members 'agin the Government' tsko up tho ciuso of people who have quarrels with tho Govern ment waa exemplified ns sonn as the Houso mat, by Mr. Gannon movin; for a retorn of pipers in connection with a pnrs n who did not exist. He appear* to havo been in too groat a hurry to take up tho claim of the con tractor who built the Springsure railway to have waited to learn his name. Consequently he m iVfd for returim of correspondence be tween the Railway Department and MuDevitt, when the man intended never laid claim to the Celtic prefix, his name being simply D-!vitt. Mr. Unmack very generously forubnro to tako advantage of this technical error, but declined to furnish a return of tho pilo of correspon dence 18 inches in depth which had accumu lated on the subject. Mr. Gannon, however, was quite welcome to peruse the documents in tho olfice. 'Don't you,' cried Mr. Drako; ' I wns caught that way mysslf once.' And' he relate.! how after being invited to road tbe Moody papers, Mr Morehead, then Premier, had accused him of breach of trust in afterwards spuakim; of their contents in Parliament. Sir Siinnol Griffith assured Mr. Gannon he need not be afraid of any such thing. He mieht read the papers and repeat their wholo contonts in public, Mr. Devitt had not the ghost of a case. This view was likewise held t-y Mr. Perkins who had taken the trouble to read tho papers, and also by Mr. Pattison ; and so tho motion was withdrawn. Mr. Draka moved that a provision bo mado for tho appointment of a Parliamentary draftsman, and in doing so made ubo of somo peculiar arguments. Ho wanted a draftsman so that members might not be at tho mercy of one mombor of tbe House. This was Sir Samuel G-nrBth, who he believed was the best Parliamentary draftsman in Australia, but that wan the very reason why that gentleman should not draft bills because ho would believe them to be better than bills drafted by other people. If he bo the best draftsman in Australia, the probabilities are that he would so bolieve, even if possessed of more modesty than Sam's best friends cluiin for that all accomplished legislator. Sir Samuel expressed his decided preference for the way things were arranged now. Tho drafter of a bill should havo special knowledgo of his subject, and it were well that the choice of Parliament should be of tho widest so that a draftsman might always bn obtained who was ulso an export iu the special lino to bo legislated on. New South Wales possessed 11 parliamentary dmftsmuu, with the result that her Acts wero tho worst specimens of drafting in Australia On the other hand, the litigttion arising from faulty drafting in Queensland statutes was not five per cent, of that attributable to the same cause in New South Wales. ' That is because we havo you,' blandly observed Mr Drake. Anil, what \a mnrp lln innnnf if Wlt.ifnirn.. opinion may be held about Sir Samuel's politics, tliorc is but one as to his draftsman ship. Nothing can bo more opposite than a drafter of bills and a poet, nevertheless, they have this in common, that they both are born — not made. The greatest lawyer may be tho most indifferent draftsman, and vice versa. The faculiy for drafting is inborn, aud inborn in very few indeed. One objection- of Sir Samuel's to a parliamentary draftsman is very good: He said if such an official wore ap pointed, he would nob only have to draft but originate bills for hon. membors— supply Ideas for them. As it was, tbc Government would find porsons to draft hon. members' bills — but hon. members must fetch away their own ideas. The motion was defeated by 25 to 11. Mr. Luya moved for leave to bring in in a bill to repeal the Payment of membors Act of 1889, and then proceeded to argue in favor of not abolishing payment but reducing it. He thought that in the present depressed circumstances, when they were crying out for economy and reduction iu every item of tho Estimates, it would look particularly well if they began at home. After being reminded by Mr. Unmack that the hon. member's motion said nothing about reducing salaries, Mr. Luya was ready to amend it in that direction, if he (jot leave, but Sir Sam wouldn't give it. The Premier as is well-known, regards pay. ment of members as a question of high State policy, and would allow no sacrilegious hand to bo pnt on it. Mr. Morehead laughed at this high State policy, and advised the Govern ment give some assurance that salaries would would be reduced to £100 or £120, upon which he was sure Mr. Luya would withdraw his motion. Messrs. Nelson, Perkins, Adams, Allan, and Murphy also approved of tho re duction, tho latter stating that if tho £20,000 now paid to members wore spent in dredging the rivers it would bo of more benefit to the colony. Mr. Murphy was speaking when 6 o'cock struck the /oxpiration of private members' time, and tho House went to dinner. Business resumed with a motion for adjournment by Mr. Drako to once more call the Chief 3ecretary's at'.eution to the clever Boomerang sensation— for this timo it is worked up with great cleverness— anent the Mildura stokers. Sir Samuel promised to read the article, and if it appeared to contain anything deserving of enquiry, to enquire. The Land Bill was then taken up iu Council at clause 16, ' Special provision for association of selectors.' Mr. Smith tried his band at legislation by moving an additional clause to repeal a provision in the Act of 187G which the bill under discussion did not touch. Nevertheless a considerable amount of dis cussion took place before this soomingly patent fict was noticed by so sharp a lejjal obsA'ver us Sir -'amuol Giiifitb. Clause 17 — 'Msriied women,' met with no opposition, but Mr. Barloiv led tho way in a discussion on clauso 18 which dealt with ibUbiiutiuuo Wk luaiiOj UIIU lilMl- IlltS 111 LI III a argument being tbat a road should bo taken through any inin's land without compensation. Mr. Salkold moved a verbal amendment which wus lost by 12 to 28, and the clause was then agreed to. Mr. Powers then came forward with n new clause indended to provide for the resump tion of land for mining purposes. Sir Samuel Griffiths reply was interesting enough to b* quoted from to some extent. Tno Bill (he said) had been brought in on the acsponsiuility of the Government to deal with a subject of considerable importance, and it had already occupied tho time of the Hondo for two nights on the second rc&diug;, and for three nights iu cominittuc ; and yet tho hoi), member now proposed to engraft upon it another Bill dealing with an entirely different Bubjeot, 0110 of very great difficulty, and one which could not possibly be disposed of in tho short time available for discussing that clause. That subject bad been under consideration in the Australian colonies for many years, and he might say tho subject tho hon. member proposed to deal with in the cUuse of which ho had givon notice had boon under tho con sideration of tho Government for the last six weeks. They had considered tha subject very thoroughly, and on two or three occasions they thought they had completed a very satisfactory draft Bill, but on looking again at what was an apptrently satisfactory draft, it turned out to bo unsatisfactory. Thon tiioy made fresh attomptB at it ami there tbe matter stood. They had Riven tho matter their host attention for several weeks, and had boon unablo ap to tho present time to complete a satisfactory schemo dealing with the subject for submission to the House. The bun. member proposed to deal with it in a casual way in a clauso in a , Land Bill, without tho advantago of a second reading discussion to con9idor tho prineiplo laid down, or time to work out tho details. Tho subject hud given tho Government con siderablo trouble for several weoks, aud they had at last come to tho conclusion that it was impracticable to attempt to deal with it during the present session. The Yiotorian Act re ferred to by tho hon. mombor had been cou sidnral by the Goveinmena too, and ho had two or three drafts they had made on tho subject in his box. If t'10 hon. member insisted upon attempting to pass tho clauso, thn result would bo tbat tho Bill would have to stand aside nntil tho Government were able to complete the Bill to which he ha.l referred. They had devoted a g''O.l deal of timo already to the subject, unJ bail been unable to do ho, and they could not allow u Bill to go through in an incomplete form. It tho Committee insisted upon adding to tho Bill before thorn a Bill dealing with miping upon private pro perty, tho present Bill would havo to be hung up until the other hnd been put into a com plete form. Ho maintained that when tho Government, on thoir responsibility, introduced a Bill dealing with a certain subject, it was not fair to attempt to engraft upm it an entirely different and complicated subject, which should bo dealt with by tho Govern ment on their responsibility, or by an hon. member taking up that subject on his own responsibility, and dealing with in a separate Bill. That was tho only way in which the thing should bo done. Ho would say nothing about the merits ot the proposal, oxcopt that it proposed the enactment of an entirely now principle in their land legislation, to tho effect that all laud, however alionatoil, might bo resumed because somebody said there wero minerals under it. That was an entirely now principle, and ono which would probably take a day's discussion on the second reading, and two or three days discussion in Committee' If the Committee insisted upon introducing that principle into the Bill, the discussion of it would havo to bo delnyed for three or four woeks at all evonts, to enable the Government to work out the details of it, because they could not allow a private member to take a Bill of that description out of their hand?, and work out the details tor them. Ho hoped the hon, member would see the force of tho arguments ho had used. Tho lion, mombcr's proposal dealt with a subject out-idc tbo subject dealt with in the Bill. In should bo drafted in the form of another Bill, and dealt with regularly and in a complete manner. He took that opportunity of saying that ho thought it would be a very good thing if they had a system which existed in other countries under which important clauses proposed in committee were dealt with much in tho same way as Bills. They were br.mght up a first and second time, and then considered in detail. Iu this colony they dropped the first two stages, and did not consider tho priuciples involved in the amendments at nil, but entered upon the discussion of tbe details nt once. In the case of amendments of a trivial nature, of course it did not matter very much ; but where amendments of great importance wore proposed, involviusj entirely new principles, he thought it would bo a great advantage to follow the practico of other countries to which he had referred. Ho hoped that, for the reasons ho had given, the hon. member would not persist in attempting to engraft 'in entirely now Bill upon the Bill before the Committee. After a long debate, Mr. Powers' proposal was lost by 16 to 28. Clauses 19 and 20 provoked no discussion, but clnuse 21, according to Mr. Gannon, would wipe out tho Land Board, sir Samuel said not at all. None of the official functions of tbo board would bo interfered with; the Government only sought tho power to say what land should be set apart for agricultural purposes. Mr. Morehead, who has so far supported the Government throughout thoir laud policy, thought the power of tho Land Board should bo curtailed, whereupon Mr. Murphy taxed him with being a political acrobat. Tho Barcoo and tho Balonue have hitherto run in the same general direction and to the same point, The divergence here marks tho strongly diverse ideas held by the two representatives on land boards. The clause was eventually carried by 29 to 9 — tbe dissentients being Messrs. Nelson, Stevenson (who is strongly opposed to the existence of the Land Board), Pattison, Murphy, Hamilton, Crombie, Allun, Stevens, and Gannon. Clauses 22 and 23 wero passed, progress reported, and the House adjonrned at 11.20. 