Utovelist. A LIFE AT STAKE. By MRS. HARRIET LEWIS, Author of !' Tin House of Secrets,' 'Vivian Thome' ' The Heiress of IZgremottt' ' ?'' The Fats-: I/eir,' &C.;, &*c. ?'- CHAPTEH XIV.— (Costinded.) 'Well, wall,' rejoined. Tlierwell, with a slight impotiehoe in hie tone ; ' I'll write out the agreement for you. You oan Ecnd your boy for it some evening, for it won't do for me to be seen too much at tho Bare Arms, nr tnv ' van tn ha nnnn hprn iint.il ntkpr t.hn wedding. It there should be any mishap, you know, it would be as well to prove that we have seen nothing of eaoh other, and con sequently cannot have been engaged in a oonspiraoy.' ? ' Then we'll make out the agreement to night. I've got a dark lantern bore under my ooat, and paper, pon, and ink in my pooket.' V/ith inoreaBing impatience Therwell ob jeoted to this proposition, declaring that the light might be seen fiomthe minsion, 'Then we'll go to the bottom of the garden,' said the innkeeper. : doggedly ' There's a Bummorhouse there as tight as ? drum, with curtains to tho windows and a lock to tho door. I've been there often, in the days when I was valet to Sir Allyn's father,' After a : minute's delay Tberwell acceded to the request; tho two men quitted the bower, and set out for the Bunirnor-houae. Mrs. 'Amry muttered when the sound of thoir footsteps hnd died awiiy : 'They'll got what they deserve some day, I don't doubt.' 'How came you here?' whispered Ilde, changing her position, whioh hnd become tirosome. ' t was looting from my window and saw Therwell on the lawn in front, acting as if he were waiting for someone, rnies, and, thinking he might' not mean any good, I slipped downstairs and followed him into the garden. .They had been talking half an hour when you oame. Did you eco them too, miBB ?!', ' . '' 'No, and but for. your warning I Bhould have walked directly into their presence,' ?aid Ilde. 'It was a strange providence that you should have saved me from such disaster,' 'I may yet save jou from a greater grief than that, MisaDare,' responded the woman, significantly.' 'Your kindness to me,' r, poor wayfarer, will yet return in blessings upon your own head, , I cannot tell you more now — I have not timo; but I prophesy that you will never marry Therwell.' ' ' I never will if I oan help it.' 'But /can and will prevent it, Miss Dire,' do'olared Mrs. Amry,' energetically. ' With one wave of my band I could dispel the clouds that now envelope your pathway, but I am not sure that I oould restore your lathee's. peace of mind.' ' I oould not be happy if papa were miser able, said Ilde, plaintively. ? - ! 'I should have said that with one wave of my hand I oould prevent . thie marriago,' amended tho woman. 'I think I oould make Therwell release your father, too ; but , it he has proofs of aught against him I muBt wait and. see. One week more— wait with hope and patienoe for a single week, Miss Date.' 'You have then Been Therwell before, Mrs. Amry?'. questioned the baronet's daughter. '?.-.???? . ' Seen him I' oried the woman, in a voioe of passionate energy, through whioh ran a wailing undertone. 'Hut for him, Miss ,Dare, 1 should havo been, the proudest and happiest woman in tho world to night. He was a deadly serpent who crossed my path way, only to blast and destroy my peaoe ot mind. I vowed thot I would havo revenge. For years I have sought him, and Bought in .vain, I came here discouraged, worn-out, 'despairing. You gavo me food and shelter, and here I stumbled upon him by aooident. If yon had sent me away,' and her voice was full' of itnpressivoneas, 'I should not have found him, and you would have been doomed 1 to a bitter, bitter, bitter life with him 1' : Ilde drew nearer to the woman, looking at ' her with a faoe full of paBBionate eagerness, as might be Been in the Bubdued starlight. It seemed to the girl as if her prayers had been ' answered; She had desired to meet with ' someone to whom the past life' of Therwell . was fully, known, and a cry of joy arose to ? her lipa as aha felt that she had found that o#e in the woman 'she had fed and .?bettered. ,.'.:. . ?'' ? . 'Yon know Therwell, then?' aha laid. ? ' Do yon know of anything in his Ufa whioh he. would shrink from exposing? Haa he ever broken any ot the laws ot the oonntry ? Tell me, dear Mrs. Amry, that I may have some weapon with which to defend myself against him.' . ? 'Leave all to me, Miss Dare,' said the .-woman, arising, and standing ereot. 'I cannot tell you now what you ask, bat rest assured, that you shall never be his wife.' I will defend you.' . , .-..? ? .:? ? ;.'. She spoke with Bach foree of manner that Ilde felt compelled to have faith in her. 'The' woman looked at her thoughtfully, regarding her attire, and the rippling waves , of hair that surrounded her, throat, 'looking now. like, a .light and 'dusky mass,' and .:, Mid :;?'?;, .,„?-??'..;;;?.'.',' .;.' ?'?,' rt!:'; .,:'. jl'I beg ;your pardon,' MiBS Dare, but the '? hour is very late,' You are dressed for riding. Surely you are not so wild as to think ol abandoning your home?' t-\ .i' ? :;' Oh; no, indeed I' roBponded Ilde. Then, -with' an irresistible impiilao to oonfide in thia singular woman, who hud promised to rescue her from the impending marriage, she 1 added, in a whiaper, 'I am going, with my I tather'i oonttnt, and well attended, to March for the written compact of whioh Therwell spoke I' ? ?.?.'.; . ;- ! -- Yon are going to his place called Oak ahaw?' ,- ; Ilde assented. ' ' J- :-?-__:- i -I: ?', ? The ; woman refleoted a moment, and then said:' '_; ., \ :.-'.''. \ -'„. ;\ ;??????? \ 'You are right, Miss Dare. The ' paper must be found and destroyed. With that oat of the way, your father may be saved If I knew what was in that paper, I might be - «bte ? ? Still, ; if ; the i document be what I suspect, it ought . not to | be in existence. Go, MisB Dare, and may Heaven prosper ?'. yon errand. Go, before those mec retornthis way.' ?::'.-:?. i There were many.' questions whioh Ilde longed to ask, , but Mrs. Amry '? last words decided her to depart npon her errand at once. Resolving to gain the confidence of this woman on her return, Bhe pressed her hand, said a few words of thanks, and turned to go. 'Stop I' said Mrs, Amry, as the girls stood in the arched opening of the dell. ?? Miss Dare, Therwell once possessed' a small Bquare mahogany box in wbioh he; kept his private papers. It was a valuable one, inlaid with a gold wreath on the top, and he prized it very highly. It bad a false bottom, which opened by pressing one of the gold leaves in the front. If that box be at Oakshaw, it has this paper concealed in it. I have heard him say that it was the meet seoure plaoe that oould be devised for the concealment of anything of value. Look tor it.' With this parting injunotion she again begged the maidens to hasten their departure before the return at Therwell. They obeyed her, hurrying away under the shadow of tbe BhrubB and bushes to the appointed rendezvous. It wps a brief walk, made eventful by several alarms, Miss Arsdale fanoying thnt Therwell was following them, or that she heard tho two men's footateps ; bat Ilde en couraged and reassured her, and they at length'reacbed their destination in safety. ; At the door of the stable-yard, a neatly paved court, they found Jarmin, the groom in whom Ilde had confided, and who was to accompany them. : He wbb an honeafc-faoed, gray-haired man whose duty it had always been, since her earliest childhood, to attend upon hia joung mistress in her riding exouraions. As Ilde lad said, ha was devoted other; but even Ilde did not know with what slave-like fidelity the old groom dung to the house and name of Dare, or with what worshipping reverence he regarded the lovely young heiress of its fame and fortunes. : He came forward, bowing, with one hand uplifted, and said: ' If you please, Miss lido, I thought I saw a couple ot men-servants most like — prowling around in the gardens a little while ago, and, as the journey was to be seoret, I mado bold to take the horses round to the park, knowing that you always have tbe keys to the park gates.' ; i 'You have done well, Jarmin,' said his young mistress. ' Wo have been delayed a little, but quick riding will make up for lost time, We will start at onoe.' Tho groom obeyed, and Bet out with rapid Btep toward the spot where tho horses were in waiting, the two young ladies, hand in band, following him. It was but a few steps to Eden Park, and a briek walk of a few minutes brought them to tbe waiting steeds. Tho horses were completely oapari soaed for tlio jouraoy, and Ilde mounted her favorite, a fleet, graceful Arabian. Mioa Aradale was assisted upon the baok of a thoroughbred animal which Bhe always rode, and tho groom vaulted upon tho back of ii swift-footed horso, which was the special favorite of Sir Allyn. ' We will ride through the park, pass the the lake, and go out by the lower park gate,' Baid. Ilde, in a low tone,, ''.Ride quietly until we reaoh the road, else wo may be board 1' ? ? The groom fell baok behind tho two young ladies, and the borses proceeded at a quiet pace upon the route designated. Meanwhile, tho woman whose assurance hnd done bo much to lighten thehenrtof Ilde stood for a few moments in tbe little ilower ?JccUed nook, gazing in the direction the young 1 idie3 had taken. ? ' I don't know but I dirt wrong to advise her to go,' slip mused. 'Perhaps, after all, this journey is unnecessary, Therwell will (jiyo up the paper if I' were to demand if as the priae of foregoing my revenge. Still, to inaUe all eure, Bhe had better get it. Sbe aaidaho would be well attended. - Doubtless, eha takes half a dozen . servants with her. Stie is safe enough, whoever may be in tho house.'. ?'?.-. ??'; 'Despite this eelf- assurannce, the woman's mannor was uneasy. Sbe half started in pursuit of Miss Dare, and then, chiding her self for her folly, shrank baok again into the shade of the little nook. , She- was standing thero, thoughtful and ? abstracted, with a strange gleam on her grim face, her ringers working nervously' together, when footsteps were heard upon tho gravelled walk, low and oautious tones were distinguishable, and she was made aware of the return cf the con federates. ? ? ?'? ThorwoH'a voioo sounded, as bland and smooth aa -ever j Hoadley'a was full of sup pressed exultation. .' ? ?? As tho voice of the former penetrated her hearing, she beoamo at once alert and vigi lant. Tbe abstracted look ' gave' plaoe to an eager expression, and she leaned, forward listening intently. '..'? '-,-' But she oould gather nothing from their words, except that Therwell had written and signed the document demanded by the inn keeper. Their business waa evidently con cluded, and there were no allusions made to the baronet's daughter or to tho approaching marriage. They passed the laburnum bower,' walking slowly and almost silently; she stole out from her concealment and orept after them, taking care that her footsteps should not ba heard, and that her movements should be screened by tbe buBb.es; ' In, .thia way they passed around the mansion, and entered into the deeper shade of the lawn, ' : ' ; - : More .fearless now, Mrs. Amry crept nearer.: -,'. - ; ? ? ; '-.. - .' . -;'',. . The confederates, to her great disappoint ment, ' merely reiterated thoir mutual promises, and then separated, the satisfied innkeeper departing for Edenville, and Therwell lighting a cigar, and walking ulowly up and down tho wide avenue. ,, . ; , Mrs. Amry looked at him from behind a clump of shrubbery, with gleaming eyes' and a faae fall of passionate hatred. A life-time ot bitterness and anguish compressed itself into a single burning look that might have scorched even his guilty sou', and she lifted her arm as if invoking vengeance upon him. Perhaps some mysterious instinct warned him ot the presence' ot an enemy ; perhaps that look really penetrated to his soul ; or perhaps some sobtle chord that had onoe bound him to that woman in some way, but wbioh had been broken, began to re-assert Us influence, so that he felt that she was near. Whatever the cauie, it was cer tain that he stopped abruptly, . looked around him uneasily, and then hia gaze settled upon the woman, who was plainly visible to him. . . .-,??? She presented a strange, weird pioture, as she atood there, the loner halt of her parson in tbe shade of tbe bushes, her faoe. leaning out toward him, with the starlight resting full upon it, exaggerating its wild, passionate expression, its pallid whiteness, its menacing look, and giving even a spectral appearance to her uplifted arm. . Be staggered back appalled, tbe cigar drop ping from hia lips, and his limbs trembling beneath his weight. As she markad the effeotof her appearance upon him; a mooklng smile flitted over tbe woman's stem lips. . , \-- i ? i thought the waa daad I' mattered Therwell, unconsciously, hia smoothness and blandness ot manner gone, and n cold pers piration breaking out upon hia large, round faco. ' Alivo I alive I and here to rain me I Alive, and eager tor revenge I' : Ha croaned involuntarily, but sustained himself by leaning againEt a tree. The shock of seeing her had been so sadden and un prepared^ for, that he felt his presence of mind desert him, his courage fade away, and for ' a moment he waa almost para lysed. . : ; ?????? i ' But only for a moment. : The woman gave utterance to ? moeking kind of laugh, that sent the blood tingling through his veins, and whioh seemed to set his heart and brain on fire, and nerved him to aotion. With a quick and sudden bound, like that of a beast of prey, he sprang toward her, gained her covert, and found that she was gone. She had vanished aa utterly and com pletely as if she had become invisible. - : Wondering, and alarmed, hehurriedinand out ot the trees, and traversed tbe lawn, searohing everywhere, but in vain, for thia mysterious appearance. There was a vein of superstition in bia nature that made itself perceptible at that moment ; with limbs trembling, heart beat ing furiously, he hurried toward the mansion, wiping tbe clammy dew from his faoe as ? he muttered: '??..???? . ' ' The. old superstitions are not at fault. Why does she appear to me ? Let her come as often as she likes,' he added, recklessly, ' so long as Bhe does not oomo in the flesh. I am less afraid ot her ghost than of her living body.' . ? t ....... Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on the night air. . With a stifled shriek iTharwell rushed into the house, bolted the door, and orept up to his room in silenoe and in terror. And then the strange woman arose irom the midst of the clump of bushes, where she had fallen prostrate and remained unaeen; she then returned to the house, and her own room, murmuring: ? ' He has had a foretaste of misery to-night. Tuera yet remains a brimming cup wbioh he mur't drain drop by drop. YeB, Ilde Due, you shall be freed, and I shall be avMg«d I' ? ? 