Sweet Judie O'Neil. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER V. BY MRS. WALTER ALLINGHAM. Mrs. O'Neil proposed sending Bessie back to Toowoombauntil her sister recovered, but much as Bessie dreaded every form of illness she declined to leave home. " You will find me able to help in countless ways," Baid she. "If I musfc keep away from Judie I can still find plenty to do. And you know I have promised to send Ted Langley a line every day." For Mr. O'Neil had persuaded Ted to stay elsewhere until Judith was well again. As usual, Bessie had her own way. She wrote to Ted every day, and sometimes would read her note for her mother before closing it; that was merely a precaution to avoid suspicion. She did not tell Mrs. O'Neil that she met and talked with her sister's lorer for an hoar every evening. Judith's attack was a very bad one, and her mother seldom left her room. Mr. O'Neil never left his office before 6, and no Bessie was at liberty to do just what she pleased. Judith did not die. In due time she began to recover, and each day she deßired more and more to get well—to return to life and love. She did not blame Ted Langley now for that freezing look. "My temper was abominable that day," thought she, •' and he, poor fellow, thought it only temper. He knows now that I was not accountable for my crossness, and I am sore he is sorry for his harshness." At last the day arrived when Judith was pronounced out of danger and lit to be dressed and carried into her mother's little sitting* room close by. There, lying amongst pillows scarcely whiter than herself, she waited for the coming of her lover, who had grown to look forward to this day with far more fear than joy. "Remember, Miss O'Neil is greatly changed," said the nurse warningly, " but you must not appear to notice it. That always throws a patient back by causing self pity. She is far too weak to pity herself at present. You must make her think of something else." Ted remembered Miss Hardgrave's warning until his eves rested on Judith's wan, white face; then her words went out of his head and ho exclaimed with consternation: " Great heaven, Judith—is it Judith in the flesh?" He thought it looked like a dead face, and those great blue eyes seemed to read his soul's treachery. Judie smiled faintly and raised a thin hand, but as he spoke it dropped nerveless beside him. He went nearer and kissed that shrunken hand. " Judie, my poor Judie. My dear girl, what a dreadful time you have had!" he cried in shocked contrition. Her lips moved, she tried to say something; but suddenly the lids closed over her eves. "Nurse! quick! she is dying!" cried Ted in horror, and in an instant Miss Hardgrave was in the room. She pointed imperiously to the door. "Go away and let me undo the mischief you have done!" said she scornfully. He did not wait to be told twice. Outside ha was met by Bessie. " You did not stay long," said she. "How do you think Judie is looking ?" " Don't ask me! It's awful. I never knew before what a villain I could be. Fancy plot ting against a poor ghost like that! She is in a dead faint." " You don't mean to say you told her any thing, Ted?" said Bessie. " No, no, of course not," he replied. "I am not quite a brute; but she saw my horror in my face and fainted away." "She is greatly pulled down, but Miss Hardgrave tells me Judie will be quite a different girl in a week; though of cour :o that youthful look she had cannot come back." " Don't you think so?" "Ob, no!" Bessio answered with an air ot settled conviction. " Judie has been very ill, you see, and after such a time as she has had t*ho must look all her age and more. But aha had a long girlhood, and I don't think she will care." " I didn't see much of her girlhood," Ted said moodily. Bessie laid her oheck caressingly on his hand. " And it would be too cruel to thrust all her age upon yon," said she softly. " But Judie will Bee that for herself—the first time she looks in a glass." Ted sighed remorsefully. It was her beanty he had fallen in love with, and if Judie lost that he knew the last spark of his love for her would die out. Dimly he felt that she was worth ton thousand such women as her sister, but that did not console him; he wanted a beautiful wife, ha had no time to go groping after the hidden trea sures of a faded woman's mind. " You must go, dear," Bessie said suddenly. " They must not see us together, you know." "And later on?" he asked, with a look she well understood. "Not this evening, dear Ted. I have work to do that cannot be put off," she answered regretfully. For once this girl spoke the simple truth. Ted imagined it was some household duty, and did not press her to meet him, as usual, in the gardens that day. If the poor fellow had seen her scan a short note that morning, and afterwards tear it viciously into little shreds muttering, "How can 1 possibly do it at that hour ?" he might have been a little suspicious. Why don't you write to me ? ran the note. Inm sick of this suHpansc. I shall bo in Brislmnc on Thursday, and if you don't contrive to meet mp in tbo gardens nbjut 0 o'clock I shall go straight to your house and beard the lion in his den. " I wish I had seen Jack Halliday," thought Bessie. " 1 must meet him, it would never do to have him coming here. I'll put Ted off, somehow, for once he's delightfully unsus picious for a double dealer. I never met so much trust coupled with deceit." At ten minutes past s,Bessie O'Neil sauntered carelessly towards the place appointed by Jack Halliday. No stranger seeing her would imagine she had any fixed purpose in view. But fortune favoured her. There was only one stranger there, and his face was very familiar. Slio is coming ray own, my sweet, Were it ever so airy a tread, he sang, half laughing, as he went close to her. She put both hands into his, and said: " Don't be so reckless, Jack! What if any one should hear you?" "Are these all you offer me?" Jack held her hands close, while he stooped and kissed her twice. " And do you think I care, dearest, if the whole world heard me, and saw me too?" "I dare say you don't." She spoke as if deeply hurt. "It's a fine thing for men to meet and make love to girls like this! They are thought brave—clever. It's only the poor girls who arc sneered at." "Bessie, darling," said Jack, "you won't understand inc. I said I Bhould not mind tho whole world hearing and seeing me, because I should then have nothing to be ashamed of. Now I feel like a sneak for having dragged you away (rain home to meet me like this. I was very near going straight to your house an hour ago, before you started. I wish now that I had!" "Heavens, Jack!" gasped Bessie, "was any oae ever so reckless!" " Too call it recklessness, I know," replied Jack, " but I should call it simple honesty. I do hate the part I am playing here to-day. Why have you treated me so badly—not a single line in all these weeks ?" " It was not my fault, Jack," replied Bessie. " The very day I came home Judie got scarlet faver, and I've not had time to read or write since!" " I had no idea yon had such good cause for your silence. How is Jodie now ?" " Much better lam happy to say—that is, she was much better, but she fainted this morning, and the nurse says it has thrown her back horribly." "By Jove—its very rough on her, and on Langley too. How does he bear it? If you had scarlet fever, Bessie, I'd go clean out of my mind." "I believe Ted Langley has all his senses at present," Besßie said with a little curl of her lip. "He is not so soft hearted as you, Jack." "What—don't yon like him?" asked Jack. " Don't you think him good enough for your sister?" "Not half good enough!" answered Bessie warmly. It was quite pleasant to be able to speak so many truths. " And now I must run; I have only just come, dear, but I dave not stay longer. I don't know what I shall say to them if I am missed." "Bessie, darling," pleaded Jack, "I don't understand it. Why may I not go back with you and tell your father all ? I can't believe he would object to me as a son. I am really not so very badly off. lam certain to pass my examination and be a full-blown surveyor next year. Harry Gray is earning £700 a year com fortably. I'm sure I could very soon do the same; and I have £1500 in a bank bringing in five per cent. Upon my soul, I don't see the use of this underhanded business. Let me go baok with you dear, and speak out like a man." "If you attempt to do that, Jack, I can never see you again—never the longest day I live." Bessie cried hotly. If she had known before that his prospects were so bright she would not have made so close a secret of the exist ing tie. But now Bhe had met Ted, and all the love of her narrow little soul was his. And then there was the feeling of elation at having secured, or almost secured, her sister's lover. There was no going back to Jack Hallidav, and no desire in her treacherous heart to undo the work of the last four weeks and be at liberty to acknowledge Jack. "Bessie, dear Bessie," persisted Jack, "I don't know your father, but I feel certain you don't either. I tell you he would not be angry. Why should he be ? He has allowed you to go out and earn your own living, and do you think he would refuse me the right to save you from having to do that in the future ?" "He is not like other fathers," said Bessie, " the very fact that this has been going on for months would make him furious. And just now, Jack, after all the trouble I have gone through, I do not—do not think I could stand one of his outbursts." And Bessie held a lace edged handkerchief to her eyes. "Forgive me, darling," said Jack. "I for got that you are not fit for further worries now. I'll wait, if you like, until you see a way out of our difficulty, or at any rate until your sister is thoroughly restored." "That's all I ask, dear Jack," the girl answered, relieved, " just give me a little time. You would do incalculable mischief if you in terfered at present." "And I must go on trusting still, eh?" Jack asked, a little sadly. " I must not write to you or hear from you?" "You must not write, dear. Father eyed your last note very suspiciously. I feel sure he would open the next; out I shall let you know from time to time how things are going on. And now good-bye, dearest Jack ; I must go. Goodbye, and trust me until we meet again." Jack Halliday did so—until they met again! [will be continued next week.] 