A GlTM I XPEREl YC1 ON TO His NA:IDOO CR/EA.KK, S(I.y'Catlipere. in the Argus) IT wals naarls sundouw on Buolcl0Rd's Tableland;' in' Central Queensland. The son was still striking fierce ra3s of crimson light on theo hill tops, but the ragged- gullies that pierce the mountain's side were gradually being inundated by a cleeping flood of hlick. ness which rose slowly higher and higher, enveloping everything be. neath in obscurity. There were four of us. I need not i::"go into detail of who or what we were, -we were all soias of poor hut honest 'parents, and all thiat sort of thing, anud one of us was a nigger; but above nil we wore very tired after a long day's ride among the ranges., So were our horses. We had been looking for a suitable camp for some hours, but a 'fire had swept the- plateau of every fragment uf'green and left it barren, black, and hopeless. .We were, there. dore, very anxious to get down to the Nardoo Creek, which heads in 'thb tableland, but this proved to be no easy matter. The hill sides were steep and rough, and although the black boy could show un many places whore we might descend e. on foot, he could not solve the pro i,, blem as to how the horses might bI got.down. This kept us riding until we had nearly reached the head of the gully, and when at last we scrambled down it was quite dark. The gully, is very narrow, with great boulders lying at the rbottomo, and travelling in the dark was very toilsome, but it had to be done. I could never look my mare in the face ngaini if I' turned baher out where she could find nothingi but stones. o we plodded oil for some, distance until we reached a part of the gorge which was broader and yielded some little pasture. Here I stopped, :?but was immediately accosted by'the black, who vehemently protested against camping. So far as I could judge in the darkness, the boy was thoroughly frightened ; he gesticulatedi wildly, and spoke in an awoe.striken half.whisper. Pointing to what api ,peared to be a sheer wall of rock on the other side of the creek, lie said, ":'Bal you eaurpit alonga this ote, mine tink it big fella divil.divil sit down.'. " Which one divil.divil ?" "'Bo.eg fella divil-divi." " Ali, I thintk you gammon, Jerry." " Baal gammon, -Bos, be.eg foells divil-divil 'longa that ionooe;" and the more I appeared resolved to stay the more Jerry "ButI gammoned and divil.diviled." But I was much too tired to be moved, and, in anyoisob, my curiosity was arousedi and I determinied to see this slab of rook in the daylight, and, if' poseihlo, find out the reasoni for Jerry's trauble: So there e we camped. We had semil lot -our: horses go,' had supper, awl 'turned in, three of us ill one large tent: tand Jerry under a neighbotiritg Iushb. : iMy friends, Jackson and Yorky, were o:'i souniid esleel), oto n aeah sidoeof me., I remanied reading by the light of a candle :stuck in 'the grodiid near my' bead. I' wae bnried in a chapter of absorbing interest, aid ma;de a des perate attempt at keeping my eyes open long enoughl to;finish it, but with all my struggles the print overy, now and then became,; misty, and seemed' to float away into infinity. 'Then a breath of cool air passed over. msy 'face, eid Ind wa overeoome. I: dreamed that I had been translated, -to paradise, iand a warm, balmy air playdd upon my. brow, and's great; light'. shoes upon me. As "I drewv nearer, to the, presence it beooame wearm--warmnr-hot, but I wvi' very 'drowsy. I- mumbled, '' Jahkon, I 'think you'd' better get' up. I' Hey, I think you'd better get uip, Jicksone ; firo,"I think, fire, inmFi I " Tile toit was: ablaze. I don't think Yorky took time' to open his eyes, but sheliot out of'tle doorway like a bolt Ifrom a crossbow, without leaving hlis future address. Jackson seized his pillow, and attacked the flames like a lion, while -I' con' etituted myself a salvage brigade; and, very unceremoniously piteohed the contents- of the tout out of doors. When this was done I was not a little surprised to find that Jtalekon was getting the best of tho fight, aRid seizing a pieoe of canvias I went to hisl assistance, and after a few secondei' whoiking we had got control of the flames, and saved. one half our tent, Then we made some remarks to Yorky; who had just returned from hils mid night oxoursion and fonund it very liard to look dignified or heroic in his evening dress. Indeed I am lifraid we chaffed him somewhaet unmoroi fully-but why dwell uipon hIis dise comfiture? Poor boy, he was not' aooustomed to that sort of thiug in Yorkshire. IHs was just exsplaining, with ans expanseive smile, " Lurrd, a 'won that sleepy I dadnt't na wect ai 'wor deoon," when we were startled Iby a orackling noiso-a largo tuft of grass a few yards from thie toet lhad caiuglht fire. We nmade a feeble elffort to ex tinguish it, bat soon foundl it was utterly uslless. A strong breeze was hlocing up the doll, and everything was dry as tinder. Almnost before we reached te plince the liames wore surging againsiit the walls of rock on each aide, aind it two minutes the gorge was floodeild with fire, the roearing aud orashiig of trees was appalling--every crevice in the rooks showed tp in brilliant reCd like pictured lightninig. Great lskeleton like dead Itraos slalkeod out of the ldarkness, clad in robes of fire, to look for the last time on their onee peacifil home. Crawling, running, loeping, climubilg; never a corner' too Usmall, or a track too tortioas, this patient fieud swallows everythinig. lill be yond lill, eachi in tlits t'rsn il crowned with fire, thon left in a sable robe, studdled with flashingll diamolas. "Great Scott I".hloanted Jsaclars.n, iwho had seou looking in the oplposito direction, " what is Ithat '" iand ihe ipoiited at the elilTff, whichi hul t'roublidI Jer'ry so much. The fir5 atni or tback lit upt the great slabl ol rockl to a dusaky red autd displayedllt on its facir 'what nl1lseired to ib a mI insslicoi tl-v oxeteld pIicture worthy of D)ord. I't roprestented a asea or Illiuo of atir, Ilaid out of that awre sitrolchrd dislSy, brown auri, lhundredst of thei, isn overy concivable position, snome that almost spolo, tile musoles lknolled and' thie Ilands granspiung convlsively; esome pointing a weird sliiuy fi~iSeor upwarde, others were clonoched as though in the agonies of death. It looked like the last glimpse of a ghost engnlfed in a seething lake of fire. All were life.eize, and' the whole picture about 70 It; across. We went nearer,, expecting every moment that -it would vanish,, or 'perhaps another vision appear in its plaoo; but it remained, and 'looked still more wonderful upon alose exa?oination. Although arms and hands were little more than outlines, yet so faithful were these that' every'joint could be seen, and each one looked almost alive, We bethought us of Jerry, and hunted for him to give us an ,explanation, but he- had disappeared. Yorky's eyes and mouth were now decidedly the most prominent features of his face, mtd hie 'looked just as scared as Jerry had done when we arrived. I could not give him much comfort, for I was completely ata loss to aecount for this thing, and if one of I)ord's devils bad suddenly ap. pearer on one of the adjacent boulders I think I should not have been a bit more surprised than I was. Indeed, as Jackson kept muttering more and more emphatically, " The Devil I " I found it harder and harder to avoid asking " Where ?" We determined to leave 'further investigation until morning, and retired, each ,keeping one eye open. , The gorge was now for the most part black, but its sides were festooned with glowing crimson, and circlets of flame were rushing up the s.ide'' of the mountains at its head. Evory.valley and every pinnacle were in their turn illuminated and crowned in fire.. . frning. cameo, looking over the 'hilltfwith a grim cynical smile that seemed to ask us what we thought of our work-inowl ,The gorgethliet had looked so cool and green when we came was now bare and black and desolate, as if our presence had blasted all its bonuty. We were thaukful now thattho tableland had beeoon hurned before our little bonfire camo on, for as. suredly we would ave booeen outlawed had we bheen seuch fools as to set it alight, but of course we are far too careful to commit such au enormity as that. Oh yes, very careful, we are. " You must have forgottte' to' blow out, the centdlo,Yorkv." Eli I woritt'. caedle? Did, a do,, tno, a'wir that sleepy laee' feeet1 a fargaet whethler a llen it ant or nat." Or was it you, Jackson ?" " Well, I thought 'you fellows were awake when I turned in. Who was that reading, by the way, just before I fell asleep ? 1 lioard someone orinking paper, let us look for the iook.-LAh I lero it is, Scribner's-Oalliper's IScribt nir's!" " Oh, well, really you know, it does not' matter much after all who did it, thiere is not much harm done. This bend in the creek proveated it' goingdownwards, and there were no cattle higher up, and very little pas. tireo. But what about this great pio ture we sawe " " Oh, ay I wrt, war that ? " saidYorky. - I really think heI had boen,afraid to mention it before, thinlking it.,was only a dream. But it: was not a dream ; we found it' just tase we had 'soon. it dierieg the hight. The proportions of the liands mid arms in dicate that they are thos'o of :blaceks, and on some of the Inde4he, 'fiengrs are bent backwards, as onhly littlogirlse and aboriginals cal' bo'nd thi 'Neiar the bottom .of the picture we :found some foot represented, mostly men's and women's size, some picauitnies'. ,Therire were' also boomerangs, 'nlia iullsi,: coolimans, stone tomahawks, and matly other imtplomehts. ' Tihe groundwork is painted in pigments of red, blue,' white,' and yellow,;' willi the general effeoot of a mass of sielphurosu fires 'liThoe figure 'iare the :natiural colour of tho'rook, Over the top of the picoture is a projecting lodge, varying in width from 4 ft. to ft. This is painted too. ' The most remarkable tIhingtabout 'it is its ovidenit antiquity. Tihe highest point of the picture is at present 21 ft; above any standing place, andon the face' of na smooth vortical slab. of rook, so tliat. '(iuloes we assumeo-L?Vjat is v;ry unlikely, namely-that a scaffold, ing: was' ereoted) a ,solid ledge of, rook had boon washed away since: the xod. outiou ,of tho, pictuire. Pnart of the ledge remains, and at some plaeos' one may go quite'olossito tli picture; but at;other placos it is quito 'out'of reach: Snoli `a dlin'tag"d?' tlie'l:in thoe ":rd rook .oduld", not be 'lbtd, to 'taOke place in loss I thni -'somee, hulldreilde of years. !Tllopicturoe oi' theol upp'r pro, jeoting ledgesor roof indicate not only that the lower lodge was abonl-B3'ft.' lhigh, h~ut'tlih it was likeawise not loss than 6 ft.livwido. Ot a oloso eoxaminea tion; judgiug from the peooliar granu lated appearanrce of thie grdoundwork, :and the ,absence of ihard outline, tre picturo seems to have boon made in the way splasehworikl is done, the object to, be. ropresoaoented being hold flat ageinlet the roeek, and thie pigment blo\vln over it il a spray. If so, it is certaiely thie fiest eit of Aplashwvorkl I lave seeoon, enl does not exhibit a sitglo mistake or blot in its whole suir face of about f500 square foot. And in whatever way it was doneo the pig. ments e ned mlast le of oextraordinary endurance, for allthough ae great partof it is completely explosed to the weather not a line ehas faded. On thie same reo k exist some other ceurioes Ilnarks--eenu's foot, beoulo. rnings, analkeso, and othler tthings curved in tlhe etoeo w'ithl singular preiision of detalil, On annotheor part are throeo hugeo figreon, roghlly drawne il redl. O(eo aplpears to reprersent n eanu, btt hei il fureishocd with? a hargo brolad tail. Anoleter in a eoendesript emoester with rouied body, rountl hleaed, aued foeer appoeledagcs like fles. Thee third is a very well oxecelutoed frog of eeoerllleles eieo cect.b l eight foot ielo e- and roperscteld j. in thfle act ohf jmepieg. Theey are oatlined and tithen filled in with slhadelo lines crossing one anuother and dividiug the figures inio emnel rhoele oids. Wo made careful inqeeiries of sevrerl tribes of bIlnels in the ne!ehlloourhooed, buet note could giae us aneey informeaoine. Tiecy were all efrceid to go Ie r thl e place, eind soee oll e whito.-hoeadclc hlke toldle us thery knew nothinetg about it, nor did their fietheoee, who wore likewise in deroed of thle lonlity. Ten qruestion remaiuns, " Who ldid it ? " This rooe is on the Nerd',o Ile. 'heo slatiecn is about sixty meiloe fromn Springsuroe, and the rodek many be foultd by follow ieg tip the crook. It is oloso to the creek, on its left bank, and about half a day's ride from Nardoo etation. As ENEuY TO Te WAYTTLE. - The appearance of a new enemy to the wattle has boon reported to the do.e partment of agriculture, Victoria, by Mr. French, the government entomo. logist. The insect is described in the Melbourne Age as being a now kind of scale, scientifically known as the 1Jactylopus abbazzi(a, lately seen on some Cape wattle in a suburb of Mel. bourne. It is a black and white scale nearly as largo,but not so arched in shape as the common block scale of the olive. Mr. French made a test to see whether thlo'ins~ct- would attack the common wattle, and found it would be a formidable foe of the wattlo-growdr if steps were not taken to prevent its spreading. The cheek 'would be to root out yoitng trees on which it appeared and burn them; but if valuable trees are attacked the insect should be destroyed by at least two good sprays with. the resin com pound. Wattle-growers are warned to be on the alert, as the ecales'spread with great rapidity, and once they get into a plantation it;is dificult if not impossible to eradicate them. 'A Mfoseivcn 1OsE.-There is at the present time flowering in the Vicarage street Nurseiry; Wariinnster (Eng land), a wonderful Mareehal Niel rose, which was planted on April 16, 1888. It maide in the first year afteri planting shoots 25 ft. long, and it produced 200 roses before it had been planted twelve months. .Next year its shoots reached 'to the longth of 80 ft;,:'and the nunm ber of blooms amounted 'in 1890 to 2000, The plant covers at the pres out time an- area of 460 square feet, and is carrying flower - buds and blooms of more than 3000 in number. `--Gardeners' Chronicle.? It is stated that ginger-drinking is practised so largely in the United States as to produce perfect intoxica tieob; Ginger tincture' is t?ti usual form of oosnsmption, but women anid children also eaout ginger till the habit hocothios:a regular mania,?ajid actsein= jiriously upon the health. Theo recent ceonsus in ;the United States rieval tlheo fact that tihe greatest density of population .is ,to, be found where there !are. a medium tempera ture and a medium annual rainfall. "There is no limit,'; says the Fi. nainial News,, " to the enterprise of elecctrib lighting.: Palestine is its latest field ; and its immediate centre a hugoe flower-mill, near the supposed site of Calvary. The Arab and other natives are said to be wonder-struck by the: new light." An American. watchmaker has hit upon a contrivance by which, a couple of hours before a clock runs down, the words. "Please wind me upl will appear atnan opsning in the dial. Colemltllilae illnd Sonis' Eullrelypllc iExlretl.-Tlid Only Pure in tlhe World.-, For all olffrlns of tits OCihast and Linge use our Pnrei.ulcnlypto xitnidt. - 1/6 and 2/16, Sold only in 1 oz. -aoid 1 oz, viale:; For Biliot8nese nani Otlld iloo ind 8li't i rld. famed Eucalyppto "Pills --s agar.conted!-1/6 per Iottle.,. For the Voice see Colemino and HouS' iuonlypto Lozeogere.- 11. per, box; olnolo rlo?nge bonrs ?our reletererd tradntnerk '!elucil.ypt.t For the Cto i xnzion up Cole. mano and_ Bous' iEucalypto. Boan. 11- per oake. - Bowars of iollations. Per Safety's Bake ask' for Colfemnanad- Sniids' and ason that nitch label boars our ,saigaturoe.-Cor,. ISNc AND BoN,-- Advt, 2770. _; .. A Lovest, i DeaoEATe, AND 'PunE CO.. Pr,xione, soft and fair hantds and grins, are assured to thosoeladies who usa Rowriaes' K taeaon, :which is a moset soothingl, healing, and rofreohing preparation for tile face and arms., It provntos and ronemoves. freckles, reilness, roughibis, olStk, irritation, outanu. ole orttplins, sooths aleld':roliovns ,prickly Iatl, itfllmnliaton of the oeyes, bulrne, sanlds, 'slings of insect,, 0criemn, pimplos, &h.; ;iis the meost perfect eomollinlt aroparation for sltoften. ing otdlbonsutiyliog, tho sklin, and preseorves it Irhm tlics efftcts ol cold wiltdso r hiard water. It isr mUst. eoollcu;h, and lrefreshing to the fa:e dtiruing ' hot weather, is oapoolaily adapted for those ladihn ox. posed to. the hot sun and dust of tropicat elinatneoa.'It is w rrnlted fron from ail greasy substances, lead, mineral, or poisonous inlgrediletlltýOowtANDn.'ODoNTo is a pure, uoan gritty tooth-powder; it' whitonl the tooth, prevents' dery,!:and A swetene the breath. Ask any chelmist or drllggist (or Rowr.ANDe' nrlicles of 120 Hitton Oarden, Ltondon,. and avoid spuriou imtittions, as naio hneassar Oil,. Kalydoror orOdonto ls genuino or rollable excopt :Rowlanda'.t-Adv., 9501. 'ruitoiAr A' arr'Tiosi AND IoA? InsoNas,--All suffering from Irritation of the throat and htnnarselocS will be agreeably setrirlooti at tite alnost tIintloliat relieof afforded by tlie ose' of r "Brown's Bronelinl. Trohnos." Those atlocl lozongeos iare nowa sold :by. most ro. spoetahlo honists te in this country at 1118 per box. People,troubled with a l hanocing cootgh," rik "alight oeoldl" o'r broiltlilal aflot tions, oonlloti try them tosoonon, ans similar troublos, itf llowed to progress, result ina solriols IPhnonary and Asthlnatio affotions. S0o,, that the words "Browln's Bronchial Trouhos" are-ont the Government. Stamp arohud each box. --'Propiar?d by Johnl I. Brovwn ta& Bone, Boaton, United States. Eturolean Do)st, 00 FaPrriugdon -Road, Lon. don.-Adrvt. 1727. i:: VAsUetlltt" DiscovaY ton Ttll IHAtm.--Ilf yotr hair is tulriting grey or whlito, or fal. ilt oil, uso "TII S MEXIOAN HAIR RE. NEWEll," for it, will ilolsitttely restore in everty caktc Grey or l'fhite halir to its origiollil colotir, witont lalvinog tihe dilagrenblio ?mnlti of rnoet "] tlRutrorr." It lakeo thn hallr chartmingly bouotiflll, at well as promotingtl thc growtl of tlln halir on hold sptri , wsltorn the gillnd tre loot fdecayd. Asti yoar (boemist for " Tollr MxlirorN IlIm Ilt:ltwto:n." Sold Ity Cloimlets attIt PortIttatorso vert'whelrrt at 3/S ler bottle. Whohiotali Depit, lil Falrirhgdon lioad, Llondou, Englaud.--Advt. 1727. itholtltrl--Font 'rotc Ttott't'tt AND inIneTrt. -A fetw idrops o the liquidi "Florilito" Oprinltld on a vot tooth.brtni prolltduces a ploasant laither, whici thoro'ghly cloanusontt the teetoh lrom ltil Ilr'asitos or itlluritiot, hItrden thn lIlllt t os, tlllc v tarlit', ntops do. cny, givos ta too lo totllth a ilecooliar tlotrl'y whito. lors nl at t dolilghtlul fIralontco tto he brnoatli. It rtmooott'\s all ttnlitatlO itt todttt'r arising fIrom decayd1 ttooth ort tolottlco.sanol;. Thle L" Pra. 1ootty and t Hwooet Itot-ls, istdelitiottt to tie taLtlo nd tolo grtiattst toilet dliscovery oi tllo nceo, P iolt 2/l, otf ti Cll ohelints nlt Pt'ortftlmes. Wholesale llpat, 31,3 Farrinhgdon Road, Lol. don, 1Clgi?ulll.-AoAdvt. 1727. AtirlOcO io OTItIMrci-AIl your hrokOll inl y-olur root Iy a tink child Aofforinoo witlh tho tllti l ot cttilitg ttoth 0 Go nt tt itoo to aCllonoit tltd isC?t a hiottllt ol lra. ?\llNi llo W'm;o s SoIotoL'tN II lclui . It will rtolitvrot tlthe pootot lttlot-er illnoe. diatoly. It is IPOrihtly harinhtils and tltniallet to tanio, it lirolldn tri' iotIalitol, qlhot ieCaop, by rlithvhig Clin chitl froot tlain, nttl the little chnrol liwakocnr " nl to i!lllt as to blltlou." It atotho. t lmtoiht, softilottn fits oots, allioys all painn, relieves wind, relulllahe!. thil Ibwela, and in Ith l twnfol 1it tott roiitioy olr dysettrt'y atd oliarih?aroo, whiethlor crising froti lthiog or otlhtr oallllil', hlire. Wiislow's iioothlitg Sytiup in sohl by Mlodicine.denoIlal oveorywhlore st 1/13 per Ibttlo.-Advtl. 1727. All Ilse I,-s-lt in nt ec'ttryll piote, at eo in overy itilhlon. it girves fthl luish ot oveory dtitoi. Ilftaistc dil eillioltt. It Ihna nplaro anl (lovotorltt'tttttt' 1Hltotts, inlld is 5nt0II lit eviory 1o. otlp,'otiloh tnottioto't . 'O' t rot l tit nitioo tt uic il li?ilaoe it i clllhnitl, thi for'e oladurto lceotolaS it i, chtoapt. It is tlte rtlucial faroirito with all class hocallustao, a0l l0lo otf the lo Sidney oflergy'nilt wrloto, "it is the bIot mntade.", It is the AnrtlolrriAtn Itotr tIolllonado by "VaeIo. IsaroNo 11. Suc, vi 177 Pitt.iront, tiydnloy, and sold by overy storehoopor.-Aidvt. 027. 