How (he Flinders Ghost was Laid. Claude Beathiv aitb was in love with Lady Hilda Brandon, and young Sir Harry Penniless was in love with her money, for Lady Hilda had 4 Goschens' galore. Not that I wish it to be under stood, in drawing this comparison be- tween ner two suitors, tnat sir Harry was wholly insensible to Lady Hilda's personal charms. Indeed be, of the two, was probably by f»r the belter jndge of lady's marketable 4 points,9 and there is no dnnbt that, as far as in his blase little personality it lay, her beauty made a powerful impression upon him. That which, however, most particularly allured him was undoubtedly the ' Goschens,9 and with the autocrat- professor-poet's young man, Tom, he would have said : Though fair her features be It is her figure pleases me. Another thing, too, which added piquancy to her pursuit was the notori ous fact that, in the preceding season, sbebad received the full blooded advances of a splendid Russian Archduke with indifference, and bad treated the aristo cratic overtures of an Austrian priuclet with a maddening disdain. The former had hastened back to his beloved Paris and despairingly plnnged into the wildest of excesses ; the latter had fallen an easy victim to the designing daughter of a well-known ex-tobacconist of the West End. These things bad beeo the common talk of the town, and, although t they were to Lady Hilda pain- j ful memories, nevertheless they proved an additional charm to one who loved a dash of cayenne in every disb. Sir Harry might perhaps, if ever he gave a thought to matters which had no personal bearing, have agreed that that country ia happy which has no history, but a woman without a past he considered of all things the most insipid. As to his rival, Claude Brathwaite, ou the other hand, much need not here be said, except that where Sir Harry was of a calculating turn of mind, Claude was disinterested; where Sir Harry looked upon women as chattels, Clande looked upon them as angels. W bich of these young men was furthest out in his estimate it does not concern ns here to discuss. The year was drawing to a close at the time our s'ory opens. The Framley Butts Christmas party was complete, and Sir Harry Penniless and Claude Brathwaite were for the first time guests in the ancestral halls < t Lsdy Hilda's father, the Marquess of Flinders. Their professed object was the shooting of pheasants ; their real and perfectly ostensible pursuit the larger human game above mentioned. Amongst the guests there was one looker-on who took the deepest interest in the rivalry of these two yonng men. This was old Lady Penniless, Sir Harry's mother. She was what the world calls a 4 character,9 a name generally give to those who can boast an ususually large proportion of that commodity. She was one of those who hold themselves license! to say the rudest things in the rudest manner, provided their observations are seasoned with a little smartness. She always walked with the support of an ebony stick, and, just as sbe con sidered that everyone who bad pet corns or goaty toes shoald keep themselves out of its way, so she considered aoy protruding moral excrescence to be fair game for the exercise of her sarcastic wit She had witnessed every vice that she had not practised, and was generally spoken of as ' that wicked old woman.9 Indeed, there was but one virtue, which was ungrudgingly conceded to her, and that was a deep and real affection for her disreputable little son. That he was not a model of virtae has already ap peared, but he, too, mast have his doe. There was no deoying it that, in a very rough and unconth manner, Sir Harry Penniless, on bis side, evinced a very strong affection for his wicked old lady- mother. Thus it came about these two were inseparable companions, living together in London, pnoting together at Monte Carlo, playing baccarat at Aix-les-Bains, going ioto training at Hombnrg for next season's course of dinners ; and so it came about that they were to be found together at Framley Butts. For the last two years, ever since Lady Hilda had been 4 out Lady Pen niless had been scheming for an invita tion to the somewhat exclusive gather ing at tbe Butts, but this was the first occasion upon which her efforts had been crowned with success. Sbe had noted Lady Hilda's unusual beauty, and knew, of course, what all the world knew, that she was the possessor of five thousand pounds a year in her own right. And the scheming old lady, having consulted with her son, had made up her mind that it should be through no fault of hers if her Harry failed to marry into the wealthy Bran don family. Now, when once Lady Penniless bad made up her mind to anything, that thing wae, in her Lady ship's opinion, more than half accom plished. As matters turned out, in this case, however, she was hardly prepared for the very leading part that she was destined to play in the ensuing events. Monday in Christmas week had arrived, and a brilliant party was seated round the hospitable board. Christmas day in this particular year happened npon a Friday. The weather un till now had been exception- ally open, and pheasant shooting was the order of the day. The men had to day been in the covers, consequently they were tired at dinner-time and on demonstrative, aud- the ladies, somewhat disgusted, had left them early to a de sultory conversation over their wine. This they bad lingered over, and, draw ing the reception rooms Wank, had afterwards collected in the smoking- room. For some time no topic of particular interest was started, but, when fcigara were in full glow and whisky and -soda were circulating rapidly, the conversa tion turned upon ghosts' and their doings. Thereupon tbe Marquis, who was never unwilling to .bear, bi8 b?h voice, launched out into the well known story of the Hinders Ghost, the, lovely lady who, bom time to time; was known to walk in the great picture gallery up- . . - . s., stairs, and whose full-length portrait'by- Sir Joshua was on uf the chief glories of the famous Framley Butts collection. As the Marqnis started his yarn, two of . the perennial Brandon consins glanced at each other in despair, and yawned ostentatiously, fur they had heard the story a hundred times. Claude and Sir Harry, however, showed a natural deference to the father of iheir lady- love. They learned that the ghostly ap parition was that of a certain' Lady Elizabeth, usually called Lady Betty ; that she was the fairest Brandon that had ever been (at this Claude incredulously shakes his head); that she was engaged to be married to a certain Sir Bohun Barnet, who had been i found stabbed to the heart in his bed tbe morning of the wedding day, and, finally, that the nnhappy lady had stabbed herself to death beneath her own portrait in the picture gallery two days afterwards, attired in all her wocld- be wedding finery, as, indeed, she had but just been painted by Sir Joshua. 4 And,9 continued the Marquis, there is a foolish notion in tbe family — bow it has arisen it wnnld be difficult tu say — the ladies, of course, believe in it implicitly — tbat any daughter of the house who is met and kissed by this ghostly dame, must accept the very next proposal of marriage made to her, or her married life will prove nothing less than disastrous. There are various doggerels embodying the superstitions attaching to the vhosL This is the one referring to the carious notion I have men tioned : — 44 A winsome bride the Lady Betty is, And woe to Brandon who shall bide her kiss, Nor fall into her oezte wooer's arms, But cane another with her teasing charms.99 And then the garrulous gentleman went on tu tell at length certain apo cryphal tries of divorce, desertion, craelty, and other miseries which had followed open a disregarding of this ghostly tradition. These were amnsing enough, but Claude, for his pari; felt this washing of dirty linen in public would have been better honoured in the breach that in the observance. As may be readily understood, the imaginations of both these young men were somewhat fired by this narration, long-winded though it was. Sir Harry, in particular, evinced so strong a desire to become acqnsinted with all the tradi tion that bis host volunteered to escort him to the gallery and point out the various beauties of the picture. This offer was eagerly accepted, and with such particularity did the young man examine all its details and appreciate all its attractions that the old man went to bed convinced that his guest was a person of far more tbau ordinary culture aud observation. Claude, ia the meantime, remained in the smoking-room with, the two bored cousins above mentioned. Oo the Marquis'a departure with Sir Harry, one of them, Horace Starling by name, had addressed himself to hiscom- p an ion — 4 Why is it that tbe old man never tells the rest of the legend nowadays, Charlie !' Ob, I think his memory's going,9 says the other cousin. 4 1 only wish be would forget the whole of the d d nonsense. 4 \V hy, what else is there !' says Claude, with au alert show of interest, in marked contrast to the languid bore dom of the others. 4 Oh,9 drawls Starling, after passing as long as was decent, to see if Charlie wonld save him the trouble of repeating, the story. ' It's only some stupid idea that the wretched creature will continue to drag on a miserable existence, stroll- about at nights and frightening eveiy- body. until somebody goes to marry her in tbe spirit world. There's a rhyme about it, but my memory's so bad. What is it, Charlie 1 All I can remember is that there's a deal of swearing in it.9 Charlie's memory proved, happily, somewhat more robust than Horace s, and he repeated the following stanza-: — A bloody bride the Lady Betty is, A bloody bridegroom she does want, I wis ; And she will wander under mortal skies Until a bloody- handed bridegroom dies. 4 There,' said Horace triumphantly, 4 1 told you there was plenty of bad lan guage abont it.' 4 Bat how was it,9 said Claude, 4 that, she was not satisfied with Sir Bohun Barnet, who had preceded her to the land of gkasta f What does she want with another husband 1 4 Ob,9 said Charlie, there's no mystery about that. When it was too late to stop Lady Betty killing herself, they found that Sit Bohun was really ma ri ried already, and had left a wife and five children.9 After which unusually animated com versation, Horace yawned, and the party broke up and went off to bed. The next moroing Sir Harry declared that business called him to town for a couple of days, but that he would certainly be back on Christmas Ere, He assured Lady Hilda, whom he managed to bid farewell to alone, that nothing bat matters of the most argent j importance would induce him to test; himself from her aide, and for once he- told the absolute truth. Clande Brathwaite, as may -: be imagined, was not sorry to have the field all to himself for two clear days,; and he determinded accordingly to make, the tunning, swearing that before that: period was passed he would 4 put it to the teat, to gain or loseit all.19 He had seen sufficient of old ' Lady Penniless to feel certain that she wonld, ae far as possible, Keep an «ye i-npau Lady Hilda's movements in her son's absence, bnt be felt pretty confident that it wonld be possible io outwit the old woman sufficiently for his purpose. The moroing of Sir Harry's departure he cried off from ehooting, and boldly proposed a ride with his lady-love, which proposal she was not slow to fall in with. Claude chuckled to himself as/ he pictured Lady Penniless'® wrath, when she should, discover at lunch- time, 'her first public appearanchow the mpcnipg bad been spent.— Nor was be disap pointed. for. her/ ladyship was Black as thunder Shej however, had bfertrgyenge, for after lunch -she hurst >in -npon Lady HUda;amdhim'atiamf'pijlliA#llt1 offering tie mark, aod declaring that was smoke. j Furthermore, when they proposed to stroll down to the stream for Claude to give Lady Hilda a long-promised lesson in throwing the dry fly, the intrepid old lady begged Claude to give her an arm, as it was her one desire to learn to fish the southern waters before she died. And when the dressing-bell rang, Clande had to confess that he had been bested. After dinner, however, he succeeded in getting another inningB, for, slipping out from dinner soon after the departure of the ladies, he found his untiring, dnemy deep in a game of e carte, aod bore off Lady Hilda in triumph on a promised visit' tu tbe picture- gallery. He, of course, professed an unbounded admiration for the splendid portrait of Lady Betty, about whom he feigned the profoondest ignorance, drawing his companion oo (o tell as much of its history as she was inclined to, and then enjoying in nngenerons, manly fashion, ' the confusion with which she pulled herself np as sbe approached the more suggestive portion of the legend. 4 And have you never been confronted by this ghostly lady ? ' he said, as she fesitated. 'No,' said Lady Hilda, for tbe moment taken off her guard ; bnt my poor sister Fedora was, yon know, and — knd 9 Thanrit flashed across him that there bad been a cause celebre in the family, , about which the less said the better; 1 and abont which even the Marquis, ia (is garrulity the night before, had made no TnHnfiinn and hp rpcVlpRRlr" flashed jnto ao idiotic remark to cover the poor girl's confusion. He drew attention to pie benevolent expression which snffased tbe.contenance of the stone lion npon Which the lovely Lady Betty was repre sented resting faerhan'd, and made it pos- sibieforLady Hilda to laugh atthe notion that any Iamb of ordinary spirit would really feel it quite derogatory to lie pown by such a lioo's side.. | Claude had fully intended to bring patters to a head that evening,, but After - this unfortunate stirring of a painful memory, he felt the occasion to be nnpropitions. Meanwhile, Sir Harry was working hard to bring about by. foul meanB what Claude was trying to accomplish by fair. 'His scheme was a daring and dangerous jone, and he determinded to keep it jprofondly secret, even from his lady- imother. On arriving in town, his first destina tion was the well-known print-shop of 'Messrs. Tombs A Co., in Fall Mall, who are repnted to have the most complete jset of engravings after the works of Sir jjoshaa Reynolds in the world. He had but to state his requirements, and in due coarse was unearthed from their portfolios a fine full-length copy of the very picture h» had seen the night before at Framley Butts, engraved in mezzotint by one 4 Fisher, at the Golden Head, in Lincoln Fields.9 Unhesitatingly possess- loghimself of this at, itmust be confessed, a 8omewhatexorbitant price, he chartered a hansom, and bore it off to the shop of Mr. and Mrs. Aibi, the well-known theatrical costumiers. With this lady and gentleman he spent the whole moroing in deep consultation, critically examining the Lady Betty's garments, head dress, and jewellery, and finally submitting hiB angnst person t > a scientific aud thorough application of the yard-measure. He then left with the strictest injunc tions to spare no trouble or expense so as to bave everything ready for trying on the following day. Slight, fair and smoothly shaven though the horsey young baronet was, he did not fail when, on the Wednes day, arrayed in these fine feathers, he regarded - himself in the full-length mirrors at the rear of the establishment in Coventry-street, to draw a most un flattering comparison between his own hard, crnel eyes and fall sensnal lips, and the frank, clear look of the lovely Lady Betty, whom he was striving to personate. But Sir Harry was au adept at casting aside any sentimental feelings, aod, as the contrast forced upon him what he had l09t and conld never re gain, he laughed the idea savagely out of court. Turning to Mrs. Alibi, he expressed himself completely satisfied with the transformation brought about by her and her husband, and ordered the finish ing touches to be put, and the dress, wig, -and sham jewellery to be ready packed for him to take a way on the fol lowing afternoon; Theiriext day: being Christmas Eve, Sir Harry put on his -appearance at the dinner-table atiFramley Butts. As a penalty of his rank he found himself; somewhat, to his disgust, .handed over to the tender mercies of Lady Flinders, whilst Lady - Hilda eat . far down tbe table under the wing -of" Claude Brath waite. Bitterly he cursed his misfor tune a8;he. recognised, even at 'that dis- tance, uue -easy won uy»« seemed to be, and bis poor hostess, who conld get nothing but- -the curteat of replies to he good oatured platitudes, came to the conclusion- that he was a very -disagreeable yoaug-man indeed. He 'was consumed by jealousy aud auger ae he admitted to himself the -unmis takable advanceAhatJiU rival bad made in his absence. - By the -end --of dinner he felt. that there was no time'to be lost —tbe moment for determined action had arrived. The pictures at Framley Butts- -were hang in a long central gallery on the first floor. From each side of this gallery branched off numerous passages leading to tbe more Important bedroom suites. On this particular evening, Claude, whose room was situated in one of the |J 4-ltn nnrfil llfti? onrifl 1111 COITluure uu HUB — — B — to Lord Ernest Brandon's room, which lay on the sonth side of the gallery, to bave-a smoke and quiet chat. They eat Tate recalling old 'varsity times, and it was .not before midoight'that Claude slt bff iq find his own oom,. Ttoeeads of the corridors where they abutted on the igtllafy wert draped with heavy tirtsins/ Comdora;£atia gallery Were fitted rith: skylights, afi/.jthe /winf&'e moon made bright patch® on.-jwajlsand carpets;- Heaving black shado.we iwhere her rays did noifltritestirt'Sct. E rAe Olatid e approached ' Greend. of fhe passage/and ,w«®utgiootbm¥9iid '"(tor the curtaiawdriritf Latyad«bis entrance into the gallery, he-fancied he hearda j course was clear. The moon was shin- , < ing bright down through the large sky- ' light of the gallery, rendering anything ou the north side, which was opposite to him, quite distinct, whilst the south side, where he stood, ; was /buried io darkness. Judge of bis surprise when he saw the door of Sir Harry's room, which emerged directly on the gallery, gently open, and a fair, beautifully-dressed bead of hair cautiously protrude itself. Clande drew .himself back,half ashamed of his eaves-dropping, and with a mo mentary horrible dread at his heart, that turned him sick with jealousy. A second glause, however, relieved this momentary suspicion, for he saw that the hair was dressed in a manner foreign to any yonng lady of his acquaintance. From its movements it was evident that the eyes belonging to it, which be could not distinguish, were occupied in secur- ing themselves tbatall wasstilL Evidently satisfied with the look of things, the head was soon followed by a body clothed in dress and jewels of unusual and dazzling beauty, though of archaic pa'tern. Straighten ing herself up, the lady glided quietly into the moonlight, gently palling to the door of Sir Harry's room. Sbe stood still for a moment, as though listening intently ; aud Claude then noticed, to his further amazement, tbat the dress was precisely that of the picture he bad lately examined with such care, with the great diamond earrings and tbe emerald brooch, all complete. It was, wit/unit doubt, the ghost of the Lady Betty. Terrified at the sight, Claude felt a horrible fascioation which drew him to look on the ghostly lady's face — and then be knew all. At the first moment he had thought tbat he had come upon a scandal ; at the second he had been convinced tha he beheld an apparition ; and now he knew that he had surprised Sir Harry. His first impulse was to fly at his rival aud wring his nefarious intentions from him, but a caution restrained his band long enough for him to realise that more might be gained by awaiting developments. Close to the great picture to the Lady Betty, which hung upon the north side, was a small alcove, partially curtained off from the gallery. Into this, after a moment's pause, Claude saw Sir Harry make bis way. Recognising his opportunity, Claude at once slipped noiselessly across the thick carpet of the gallery, and, without attracting attention, gained the door of Sir Harry's room. His mind was now fatly made np as to bis course of action, and he swore to himself he would n -t spare his rival the bitterest disgrace it was in his Dower to brins noon him. Quietly extracting the key from the inside of the door, he peeped out ..to make certain that the masquerade'r was still euscouced in his alcove. As a matter of fact, Sir Harry was standing well back ia the recess, intently watching an opposite boudoir, from which he knew the Lady Hilda would soou emerge. Here he knew she nightly carried on a dressing-gown chat over the affairs of the preceding day with a bosom friend. His plans had naturally been laid with the utmost care. Claude, then, finding that the mas- querader was well ont of the way, slip ped from the room, hastily inserted tbe key on the outside, and, closing the door, tnroed it easily and noiselessly in the lock. He then qoietiy withdrew it, and gained, without observation, the curtain which guarded the corridor leading to his own room. Here be paused to consider whether or not he should remain and gloat over the torture and despair of his rival when he should find himself barred from his room, and adrift in a strange house in such terrible com promising attire. Sir Harry's proposed line of action was, of coarse, by this time perfectly clear to Claude. It was, as has been said, notorious that Lady Hilda wasi n the habit of gossiping till ptst mid night in the boudoir marked 17, a feet which was usually cast in his daughter's teeth by the Marquis on her late arrival- at the breakfast- table. And it was abun dantly evident that it was Sir Harry's intention to watch for her, personate the ghost, even to the extremity of kissing her, and on the first opportunity in the morning offer her his hand and, what he was pleased to call, his heart. He evidently trusted to /his luck aud her memory of the family tradition to obtain him a favourable reception. Claude, then, having thoroughly realised that this was Sir Harry's plan of campaign,- was at first inclined to let things take .their- coarse. He wonld allow bis rival to pave the way for a proposal of marriage in the morning, and then contrive . that Clande Brath waite shoald step in where Sir Harry Penniless had so carefully made prepara- tion. xne idea or masiog nis nvai a catepaw, was really very tempting. A moment's consideration, however, showed him that thiB would cot do at all. In the first place, it would be too much of; a toss np who would have the first opportunity in the morning, and in the second place he had pat a bar to the smooth working of things by locking Sir Harry out of his room. Besides this, of course, his chivalry would not permit him to stand by and see his lady love half-frightened ont of her wits by the apparition, not to mention the impossibility of standing by and seeing Lady Hilda's fair cheek polluted by the kiss of his hated rival. No, indeed ; this he felt wbb out of the question. Probably the best and simplest thing wonld be to fetch Ernest Brandon and confront him with his would-be brother-in-law in hiB bizarre and compromising dress. The' difficulty ' was to get across the gallery without ! observation. Hesitating for a moment whether to ran this risk, to hisjdismay he' saw the door marked . 17 "gently : open, and Lady Hilda, in a -flowing white gown, with csndlein-fcaud, start to .cross the picture-gallery. As she shut the dddrbebind her Glaufle'e 'heart jumped into his' tmooth. Here was a complication he had intended to avoid. He felt that he mast act promptly and energetically " The" circumrtances were, indeed, peculiar 'fenhngh. One clear idea; and one only; /Clande had in his' brain, and tbtt rias. that he had made np bis mind hut to . stand by and see iLady Hilda .frightened out of her wits by n the -masquerading /baronet. / He; tberefqre,/teughed I6adty,: tad; stepping hbldly but 'from' Ba' cajrtairi into: the moonlight, said, 4 Excuse me, Lady Hilda, but. I have something of im portance to. -say to you.9 . 'What, you here, Mr. Brathwaite 5 Surely anything yon bave to aay to me cant-wait till the mbimog? And she made as" though she -wo'Sld pass by without another word. Claude recognised that, very natur ally, she was startled and disconcerted by bis abrupt appearance, but he felt that it wai hardly the proper time for explaining his conduct Therefore, he merely said : — j ' Lady Hilda, believe me I should not be here now, were it not that I happen to know tbat you are threatened by a danger you cannot posaib y know anything of. Let me recommend yon to go straight to yonr room aod lock yourself securely in. You will know in the morning that I am giving yon no idle warning. Lady Hilda looked at him in blank .astonishment 4 Danger 1 Warning I9 she repeated. 4 Really, Mr. Brathwaite, yon must be labouring under some hallucination. Surely I am safe in my father's house V 4 No, Lady Hilda, you are not, but I canuot now explain. Let me beg you, let me pray you, to take me at my word, and go at once to your room.' There was that in the esrionsnesB with which the usually light-hearted Claude spoke that made Lady Hilda realise that something very unusual was in tbe chair;. and, after a few more words, she yielded to his entreaties and hnrried off to -her room. Claude now fouod himself standiug in the middle of tbe gallery, nncertaio what next to do, and realising that his rival, ensconced in the alcove, must know that his scheme was discovered. Shoald he rouse the house, or should he have it out with Sir Harry alone ? No ; he made up bis mind that, now that Lady Hilda was nut of the way, he would carry out his first inten tion. He set off accordingly for Lord Ernest's room. Him he found in shirt and trousers, nearly ready for bed. He hurriedly told him what had occurred ; aud, each taking a stick, they together sallied out to confront the wretched masqnerader, whom Ernest Brandon hated just about as much as did his f >iend. The heat of his indignation may be easily imagined, and be vowed dire vengeance against the despicable creature - .who proposed to make so outrageous a return to . his father's hospitality. As they reached the gallery and threw asid9 the curtaio, the first sight that caught their attention was ridiculous in the extreme. There before them, in the moonlight, was this gorgeously-dressed fTPiafjirp wit.h hrraffiAfeA fiVirba milled high, for greater convenience, kicking .with might .and main at the locked bad unyielding door of his bedroom. The eight was so ludicrous that they stood watching him like two cats gloating over their helpless prey. Sir Harry heard them, and turned ronnd. Poor wretch, what a ghastly whiteuess his face showed in the moonlight ! There was a gleam of desperate madness in bis eyes. With an appalling ecream he rushed headlong away across the gallery, and disappeared behing the cor tain of ooe of tbecorridors. In a momentBrandon and Brathwaite were in full cry in his rear. As they gained tbe entrance to the corridor, he had nearly reached its end, and tbey were bnt just in time to see him open the door and disappear for the second time. As they readied this point the doer was baoged io their faces, and the key on the inside was turned in the lock with a sharp crack. 4 Well,9 said Ernest Brandon, 4 we've run tbe devil to earth this time.9 The words were hardly out of his mouth when a sharp report rang through the stillness of the night. The two friends lonked at one another in dismay. There was the fall of a heavy body in the ro >m, a shriek, and a hollow groan. 4 My God, Brathwaite,9 said Ernest, ' the poor devil's shot himBelf ? Here, qaick ; pat your back against the wall aud kick the door in ' Tbe panels of the heavy door groaned, the lock cracked, and the door flow-open on its hinges. Just Heaven! what a sight it was that met their eyes. There, fallen in a ghastly heap npon the -floor, decked out io all bis grotesque finery, tbe flaxen wig fallen back from his livid face, crouched Sir Harry Penniless, with parted lips and feet-glazing eyes. His hand was over bis heart, and through the twitching fingers oozed on the silken corset the doll red blood. And the moon through the window looked down unblinking on tbe sickening sight. Beyond, within the curtains of a great carved bedstead, the ghastly, terrified face, illuminated by a reading-lamp which stood at tbe bedside, sat np an old, gaunt figure in laced and broidered in front a pistol, from the muzzle of which still curled a line of bine and wavering smoke. In its left hand was grasped a belt-rope, at which it tugged unceasingly. At a glance the full meaning of the sight was bnt too apparent. Sir Hairy Penniless was fast journeying /to the spirit realms to be the ghostly. Brandon's bridegroom, and it was the hand of ' lady Penniless that had despatched him there. A bloody bride the Lady Betty is ; A bloody bridegroom she has got, I wis. . Jio more she'll wander under mortal skies, For, lo ! a bloody-handed bridegroom dies. — Truth. 