THE UNITED STATES. fFrom our own CorresDondenLl New York. .Tanna.rtr 4-. Sparred on by the President and by tho I«vt£y newspapers which he has subsi dized by means of appointments in the ilinloinatic service, a score of the Renab lican senators are trying to compel tho en actment of what is commonly called tha Force Bill, because it proposes that elec tions in the Southern States shall be regu lated by such force as the central Govern ment may exercise at tho polls. The result of tho recent Congressional elec tions was a protest against this Bill as ?well as the new tariff law, but a majority of the Republican leaders refuse to pay any attention to this. Just as they say, Tvith respect to the tariff law, that the people are not wise enough to ' under stand' the excellence of that measure, tut wfll run to tho support of it byand hy, so they assert that they are far in ad vance of the people in the matter of this other BilL They explain that they must | go through their party programme without regard to public opinion. The Tariff Bill was the first act; it has; been played, and the second act, which is tho Forco Bill, must follow; and then they must put through two Bills for subsidizing steam ship lines. For theso there is no more popuLir support to-day than for the new tariff. Before this letter reaches you tho fate of the Force Bill — or Elections Bui, as they prefer to call it — will have been deckled. The measure is openly and stoutly opposed by several Republican senators, and especially by those whose friends have invested large sums in deve loping the material resources of the South. It is secretly opposed by others, but the caucus may be able to secure enough votes to pass it. It is believed now, however, that this can be accom plished only with the aid of a new rule that shall suppress debate, and such a rale has been introduced. Debate in the Senate is now absolutely 'without re straint, and the southern senators have filled the session thus far with talk against the Bill. Mr. Harrison and his followers desire to bind the Senate by tyrannical rules like those introduced in the House by Speaker Reed, and emphatically condemned by the people at the recent election. They believe that with the Force Bill in operation the party could gain electoral votes in tho South at the next Presidential election, and this prevents them from seeing that such gains would be more than, counterbalanced by losses in the North. While the debate is dragging along those who desire additional legislation to enlarge the silver coinage and inflate the currency are becoming impatient, and their plans will soon bo disclosed. Two weeks ago they induced a Caucus Com mittee to recommend a scheme of legisla tion involving the purchase — in addition to the purchases authorized by the- new sliver law — of the entire quantity of sur plus silver now on the market in this country (which is about 12,090,003 oz.), at the market price within four months. As it is well known that this silver is in tl;e liands of speculators, with whom certain legislators have an interest, there Tvns at once a loud protest throughout the country. So effective was this that the market prieo of silver fell off, after it had -risen -slrarply for a day or two, and ic h&s; since been deprived of .uuy buoyancy because of a pGpUlai' ix-lief that the proposed legislation cannot lie carried through. The scheme was a great job, and some good men were almost unaccountably led to support it. Tt £s difficult to see now what course 'financial legislation will take, if indeed anytbiug in this direction shall bo accom plished at this session. But the condi tions will be pretty clearly defined in the nest four weeks. Cu national politics, with respect to the contest in 1S92, very little that is new has l--een disclosed in tho holiday season. Cleveland's popularity has not been uiiuixzisked, and Governor TTTtf, of this i State, the marplot on the democratic side, seems sti'l to be in doubt as to whether he will decide to take the seat in the Senate which he can have or to continue his intrigues against Cleveland with the Lope of obtaining the Presidential nomi nation. Ambition seems to have- blinded :v man of much shrewdness in ordinary politics. The vacant seat in the Senate will very soon be filled by the State Legislature. Proof o£ the hostility with which these two men regard each other is continually coming to the public. The quarrel is one that excites interest every where, because they are residents of the Kamc great and influential State, and Hill undoubtedly has considerable power in the party ' machine' of Sew York— r the machine that sends delegates to national conventions — while the exPresi deut, as the champion of tariff reform, has .-. strong hold upon the affections of his party throughout the nation. Elaine is supposed to be engaged in negotiating treaties of commercial reci procity with South American countries, Hcd it is reported to-day that such treaties with Brazil and Venezuela have already been sent southward for ratification. On account of our imports from Cuba and the heavy duties imposed on our flour which is sent to that island, the negotiations with. Spain are peculiarly important. As I have heretofore shown, the exercise by the President of the power given to him in the new tariff law to impose duties on ?certain products now free, if the- countries from which they come fail to remove duties on our exports, will cut both ways. It is difficult to write with patience about what is going on among the Indians. For some months all the tribes have been restless, owing mainly to the spreading among them of a curious delu sion as to the coming of a Messiah. This delusion had its origin among the Sioux Indians, whose large reservation is in Dakota, near the Black Hills mining region, and the spot where the gallant Ouster's command was annihilated. It L- probable that the delusion can be traced directly to the work of Christian mission aries among the savages. By religious instruction their minds had been prepared for the rumour which was born some where that the Messiah had actually come and was about to wipe the white people from the face of the earth, to restore the great herds of buffalo which have dis appeared, and to make the continent once more a grand hunting-ground for the fed man. Jft is-known that the Messiah was personated in two or three places by somebody, and that he admitted visiting Indians to a brief audience in a tent. But before this delusion was heard of the Indians were suffering Tiy reason of- the miserable charac ter o! our Indian service, and here is the real cause of the whole diffi culty, which has already cost a score of white men's lives, and may cost a great many more. On the Sioux Reservation, for example^ old and efficient agents wero removed, and new ones appointed who were utterly unfitted for the work. The service relapsed into a condition of job bery, and the Indians were robbed right and left by rascals who were placed in office to reward them, for dirty political scheming. 'When the Indian is deprived of part of his allotted food and is hungry he is ready to see visions and dance -l ghost dances,' and to believe stori«3 about a Messiah who will kill all the white men. The Indians ought to be under the care of the War Department and tho army. It is the army that must guard them and restrain them. but they are under tha supervision of the Interior Department and its agents taken from civil life. More than half of cor small army is now in the Black Hills region guarding and occasionally fighting vrfth. the Sioux Indians, who have left their homes and aro encamped in the district called the 'the badlands.' Tho old chief Sitting Bull baa been killed , while resisting arrest, and there have already been two sharp engagements with the savages, who are well armed. Tho first took place when it was believed that the trouble was all over, and when the soldiers attempted to take away the arms of a group of Indians who had returned to the agency. From the day of that fight tho warlike feeling lias been growing. In Dakato about 4,000 Indians are now confronted by as many soldiers. That' the life of an Americau army officer is nofc wholly devoid of excitement and adven ture may be shown by the experience of Lieutenant Earlmgton. A few years ago the world heard something about him as the Commander of an unsuccessful ex pedition seut to the polar regions to relieve aod rescue Greely and his companions. ]Sow he is trying to recover from severe wounds received while fighting tho followers of Sittiug Bull in 'the bad lands,' and lava beds of the Black Hill country. An Indian on the waqmth is very much like a hyena, and when his inclination turns that way scarcely any thing will restrain him. Hundreds of Sioux who seemed to have been converted to Christianity * are now in ' the ba! lauds,' where they are ready to scalp and mangle any whito man who falls into their hands. It is not surprising that in tho opinions of people in our Western States, who live near the Indians and may have suffered by reason of ; their barbarity, there is no good | Indian but a dead one. Still, I believe j it to be true that almost all of our ' In- I dian troubles ' of the last twenty years ] would have been avoided if the Indian j service foul been free from the debasing influence of the ' spoils doctrine' and the work of conscienceless politicians. The riso of prices under the new tariff still engages public attention, although the high- tariff newspapers with strange fatuity continue to deny that any riso has taken place. I predicted that there would be a demand for higher wages. Better pay T-. »:iedcd by workmen, but their nsovouieut, to obtain it is forestalled by reductions, notably in the heavily pro tected iron and steel industry, which is committed to the assertion that it is 'satisfied' with the new tariff duties. Since so much was said in the campaign about the necessity of raising duties for tho benefit of the working man, the labourers may be puzzled now by these reductions. Wages havo been lowered even in the mills of Mr. Andrew Carnegie. Our manufacturers are beginning to make tinplatc under the stimulus of the high duty soon to become operative. By means of administrative decisions the cost of carpet wool has been increased even beyond the limit fixed by the higher duties of the new law. The Customs officers have discovered . that common goat hair, heretofore free, and supposed to be free under the new law, is dutiable at the rate of 303 per cent. As time passes tricks and jobs in the new law conio to light which make it more and more odious. An interesting movement is the multiplication of Trust Combina tions, especially in industries related to farming. The exauiplo sat by the manu facturers of reaping and mowing machines has been followed by tho makers of other kinds of farm machinery. This tends to alienate . permanently the agricultural voter from the high-tariff party. Another so-called 'international marriage' has been dissolved b/» divorce granted In the State of Delaware to the wife of the Hon. J. B. Burke-Roche, of London. The husband is the brother of Lord Fertuoy, aud when he married the handsome daughter of Frank Work, a millionaire of this city, nine years ago, he was penniless. Mr. Work allowed his daughter §12,000 a year, but this was not enough, and at one time the Hon. Mr. Burke-R^che's furniture was seized for debt. The divorce was granted on the ground that the husband had de serted the plain tiiF aud had never contri buted anything toward her support. Another and » more famous marriage of the kind has been brought freshly to the public mind by the visit of the Duke and Duchess of Mariborough to this country, and a recent decision of the Courts con cerning the property o£ the Duchess, who was Mrs. Lily Hamersley two or three ago. She had very little money when she became the wife of Mr. Hamersley, who was very rich but not endowed with many personal or intellectual attractions. He died And left, her the income of a part of his great estate, or about §135,000 a year. It .appears that since she married the Duke of Mariborough she has become indebted to certain bankers and other persons in Birmingham, England, in the sum of $676,000, which is said to have been spent hi repairing the Duke's ancestral ? mansious. Suit . was brought here to recover this money, and the Duchess asserted that while her income was §135, 0G0 she needed every dollar of it for the maintenance of her social stand ing and the current requirements of her style of living. The Court decides that she can spare §50,000 a year to pay her debts, and she will ba obliged to get along with the remainder. Although Lieutenant Wyse has at l»3t obtained from the Colombian Govern ment the desired renewal of the old Panama Canal concession there is not the slightest indication thus far that a new Company can be formed to take advantage of it. Under the new contract the Coni pauy undertaking the work must pay for the land used, and also the sum of $2,000,000 in cash and §1,000,000 in privileged shares. Twenty six months are allowed for the- formation of a Company, aud the resumption of the work. The French Commission of Engineers reported List year that §180,000,000, would be lequirecl for the completion of the Canal, and estimated that for- some years after completion tho net income would not be more than 4 per cent. This is not encouraging. Work on the Nicaragua Canal progresses favour ably. It is rumoured that the Nicaragua Company will take measures to put the enterprise under the supervision and guarantee of the Government of the United States. If this should be done the new concession procured by Lieu tanent Wyse would not be worth the money spent in obtaining it. 