BAPTISM. A REVIEW. The following 13 the text of an address recently dehvered by Mr. rhos. H. Bates Midhas been handed to 113 for publica Throughout the ranks of the English ^CiSJ, mere was not, a few years ago, any one more justly respected than Arthur Penryhn Stanley, the late Dean of West minster. His acknowledged goodness as a man, his eminent abilities as a scholar and his high rank in the 'Church' consti tuted a claim so full of merit that I feel no hesitation in referring to some expressions of his, which, while they will doubtless astonish the reader, are nothing more than a candid man's testimony to the truth which we believe and which it is my privi lege to advocate. And since the article rrom his pen which I have undertaken to review is on a subject that has agitated toe community -especially the religious part of ths community— a good deal of late, I trust that the words of this eminent man will be allowed their just weight when for ming VOUr decisions; rpsnppf.incf t.ha matfnn The subject of the article is 'Baptism' and appeared in « The Nineteenth Century/' a magazine standing in the foremost rank of our periodical literature at home, and which includes, amongst its contributors. The Eight Honorable W. E. Gladstone, some of the nobility of Enghnd and many of the best scholars and critics of the day. Both the writer, therefore, aad the magazine for which he wrote, are worthy of the highest respect. It is truly pitiful to witne3sthe attempts often made from pulpit and platform by mere smatterers in biblical learning and ecclesiastical history to prove that Infant Baptism had its origin from Christ and his Apostles and is referred to in the New Testament. In the light of Dean Stanley's admissions these attempts will appear absurd, and little less than criminal. He was too candid a man to stoop to such folly, and would not risk his reputation for ac curacy and scholarship by perpetrating such a blunder. He knew full well that Infant Baptism had its origin long after the Apostles had left the earth, and there fore that we need not expect to find the subject mentioned by Christ nor hv aav writer of the New Testament. It belongs to a much later age, an age in which the Church was filled with corrupting influences such as have resulted in producing the present Eoman Catholic Church. Oh, that every lover of trnth knew this ! What a number of beneficial changes it would make in the Churches, for every sincere friend of Jesus would ask for'^ The old piths, where is the good way ?' He would no longer be satisfied with an im position, but would demand the ordinance as Christ gave it. What that ordinance was, the changes through which it has passed, the reason for the changes, and the result of the changes, I beg now to let the late Dean of Westminster testify. He says : — \- What then waa B iptisra in the Apostolic Age ? It coincided with thejgreatest reli gious change which the world had yet witnessed. Multitudes of men and women were seized with one common impulse, and abandoned by the irresistible conviction of a day, an hou-, a nmneat, their former habits, f riend3, associates, to be enrolled ina new society, under: a banner of a new faith. That new Society was intended to be a society ot' ' brothers,' bound by ties cl03er than any earthly brotherhood— filled with life and energy such as fall to the lot of none but the most ardent enthusiasts, yet tempered by a moderation, a wisdom and a holiness, such as enthusiasts rarely possessed. Into this society they passed by anaot as natural a3 it was ex pressive. The plunge into the bath of purification long known among the Jewish nation as the symbol of a chanere of life was still retained as the pledge of entrance into this new and universal communion — retained under the sanction of Him into Whose name they were by that solemn .rite 'baptized.' Now if this be a true representation of Christianity in the 'Apostolic Age,' the modem ' Church ' has certainly departed a long way from the 'old paths,' for ? those who enter the Church now are not men and ivomen with convictions, but speechless babes, who cannot tell their right hand from their left. And if it be true that this new society 'was intended to be a society of brothers,' how comes it that in the Church which the Dean repre sented there are different 'Orders' of clergy a3 well as the laity ? Ah, yes ! it is not only in the matter of baptism but in many other respects the so-called ' Church' has gone astray. But I am interrupting the Dean in the middle of a paragraph. I wish to say, however, lest I forget, that the Dean has fallen into an error respecting the Jewish bath of purification being ' re tained' in baptism. Christian Baptism is a very different thing from a Jewish ablution. In the latter ca3e (except when priests were consecrated) the individual immersed himself and it was generally done in private, but in baptism there is always required a second party— the ad ministrator — and, though not absolutely necessary, it is generally done in public. There are several othec differences which; however, I will not take time to enumerate. Our author g033 on to say : — In that early age the scene of the trans action was either soui9 wayside spun' or well as for the Ethiopian, or some rushin^ river as the Jordan, or some vast reservoir as at Jericho or Jerusalem, whither, as in the. Baths of Caracalla at Borne, the wnole population resorted for swimming or wash ing. The water in those Eastern regions, so doubly significant of all that was pure and refreshing, closed over the heads of the converts, and they rose into the Jights of heaven new and altered beings. Such wa3 the Apostolic Baptism.'— p. (J8G. . Was ever anything moi\i exudid, truth ful an/i scriptural ? I honour the D,?ac for lii's manly avowal. Compared with the usual statements of paido- baptists, this is as truth to falsehood, a3 light t) darkness ! He does not even make an attempt at .false reasoning, but covnesout iaplain ?est terms with the whole truth on the subjest. It is really quite refreshing t) an adve- ate of Primitive Christianity to see a ' Churchman ' writing thus. He finds no difficulty in baptiz ng the Ethio pian Eunuch in ' some wayside sprint ' nor the multitudes that attended John's preaching in ' the rushing Jordan,' nor the thousands of Pentecost in 'some vast reservoir as at Jericho and Jerusalem.' Indeed, he finds no difficulty anywhere, and what is as much to his credit, he does not invent any. When I recall the ludicrous attempts I have seen made to prove that there was not sufficient water in Jerusalem to baptize three thousand people iu one dav. nor asnffioipnf; Tmrnhoj- nf nrlmir,;^,.,. tors, so that it must have been by sprinkling, I feel quite rejoiced to think that I can now refer them to a great authority amon-* themselves— Dean Stanley of Westminster — who can and does tell thorn what Biprism was in the Apostolic Age. But there 11 still another paragraph on thi3 part of the subject. On page 689 he siys : — Baptism was not onlv a bafch hiif a. plunge — an entire submersion in the deep water, a leap as into the rolling sea or the rushing river, where for the moment the waves close over the bather's bead and he emerges again as from a watery grave. This was the part of the ceremony on which the Apostles laid so much stress. It seem ed to them like the burial of the former self and the rising up again of the new self. So St. Paul compared it to the Israelites passing through the waves of the Eed Sea, and St. Peter to the passing through the deep waters of the flood. We ♦ are buried, ' said St. Paul, ' with Christ by baptism at His death ; that like as Christ was raised, thus we also should walk in the newness of life.' Baptism as the entrance into the Ckristian Society was a complete change from the old super Btitious or restrictions of Judaism to the freedom and confidence of the Gospel. It ' was a complete change from the idolatries 'aiid profligacies of the old heathea world to the light and purity of Christianity. — p. C90. What think yon, kind friends, of this valuable testimony to truth from the Dean ??'? of Westminster ? Let me again remind you '?'?? of bis high standing in the Church of Eng land, and inasmuch as his practice in the ?matter of baptism accorded with all others who administer the ordinance to infants, ?he was iu this particular a fitting represent tatiye of them all. None can truthfully deny these assertions. No one ought to - make the attempt. Asa schola.y historian - and critic, as well as a professing Christian, 1 he was compelled to acknowledge that the true baptism of Christ and His Apostles was an immersion. He testifies— 1st. That the Christian Society was in tended to be a society of brothers. 2nd. ^ Into this society they passed by a plunge into the waters of baptism. 3rd. That deep wayside springs, rushing rivers and vast reservoirs were the places of baptism. 4th. That the water closed over the heads of the converts. And 5th, That the Apostles Paul and Peter compared baptism to a burial and to the deep waters of the flood. This 13 all true, every word of it, and could have been proved independently of the Dean's testimony. But inasmuch as he was so great a dignitary, so renovTied in the world of letters, and regarded so highly for his many virtues, Iub words will, perhaps, convince where the words of other men in humbler stations would altogether fail. Eemember tbat in writing as he did, he condemned his own practice — a thing no sane man would do, if the truth and accuracy as a scholar and expositor of the Scriptures did not compel him. We may then feel assured that infant sprinkling is no parb of the Will of God, but that it is the invention of a corrupt priesthood, that it has pushed aside the true ordinance which Christ commanded, and inflicted an irreparable injury on our common Chrip tiarity. Is the reader on the Lord's sida ? If so let him acknowledge that Christ alone has a right to rule him, that His law is supreme, and without delay if he have not done so submit to that baptism which foes as well as friends say alone is scriptural and right. I will now leave this part of the subject and proceed to give the Dean's testimeny in refeience to the changes through which the ordinance has passed. On page G86, he says : — We are able iD detail to trace its history through the next three centuries. The rite was indeed still in great measure what in its origin it had been almost universally, the great change from dark ness to light, from evil to good j the ? second birth ' of men from the corrupt society of the dying Eoman Empire into the purify ing and elevating influence of the living Christian Church. Nay, in some respects, the deep moral responsibility of the act must have been impressed upon the eon verts by the severe, sometimes the life long preparation for the final pledge, even more than by the sadden and almost in stantaneous transition which characterised the baptism of the Apostolic Age. But gradually the consciousness of this answer of the good conscience towards God was lost in the stress laid with greater and greater emphasis on ' the putting away the filth of the flesh/ Yes this is historically correct and strictly true. It was not in the the 'Apostolic Age,' but in the next ' ihree centuries, that the ordinance of Christian Baptism was changed and corrupted. Let the reader remember this. While the Apostles of our Lord were living, false teachers found ifc very difficult to persuade the Churches to receive their errors, but when the last of the Apostles had gone the way of all the earth, the floodgates of error seem .to have been opened, and Infant Baptism, »vith many other ruinous errors, then crept into the Church. We feel ex tremely grateful to the Dean for intimating that the source of the error was a misun derstanding of 1 Pet. iii. 21. But why did he himself still propagate the error ? He still baptised infants, and that too accord ing to the rubric of the Church of England, which teaches ' Baptismal Kegeneration,' only another term for ' Washing away the filth of the flesh !' Did lie know the right and still the wrong pursue ? We shall let him attempt t® justify his strange course presently. On page 690 he says :— There is now no disappearance as in the watery grave. There is now no conscious and deliberate choice made by the eager converb at the cost of cruel partings from friends, perhap3 of a paiaful death. It is but the few drops sprinkled, a ceremony undertaken long before or long after the adoption of Christianity ha3 occurred. But the thing signified by the ancient form still keeps before us that which Christians were intended to be. This is why it was con nected both in name and in substance with conversion. *'* * There wa3 then no wait ing till Easter or Pentecost for the great reservoir when the catechumens met the Bishop— the river, the wayside well were taken the moment the convert was disposed to turn, as we say, the new leaf in his life. Again on page 695 : — One oy one the chief strongholds of the ancient belief yielded to the purer and loft ier instincts (to use no higher name) which guided.the Christian Church in its onward progress, dawning more and more unto the perfect day. First disappeared the neces sity of immersion. * * * The Eastern Church, indeed, with its usual tenacity of andenb forms, still immers s, still com municates and still confirms its infant members. But in the Western Church the Christian religion has taken its free and natural course, and in the boldness which substituted a few drops of water for the ancient bath, which pronounced a chari table (?) judgment on the innocent babes who died witkout the sacraments, which restored to the Eucharist its original inten tion, and gave to Confirmation a meaning of its own, by deferring both these solemn rites to years of discretion, we have at once the best proof of the total and necessary divergence of modern from ancient doctrine and the best guarantee that surely, though slowly, the true wisdom of Christianity will be justified of all her children. Now the Dean becomes an apologist. He seems to think it quite right tbat there should now be 'no disappearance as in a watery grave,' no ' conscious and deliber ate choice made by the eager convert,'' ' a fewdrop3 sprinkled' either long before or lonjj after Christianity has been adopted will answer every purpose. With evi dent approval he tells us tbat ' one by one the chief s rorigholds of the ancient belief yielded 'to what lie is pleased to call ' the purer and loftier instincts' (?) which g-iided th« Christian Church in its onward progress, and that this total divergence of modern from anci ent doctrine is a sure guarantee that even tually the true wisdom of Christianity will be justified of all her children ! Alas ! ' flow are the mighty fallen !' I fear that our admiration for the Dean's candour will now be neutralised by our astonish ment at his audacity. Is it indeed right to change the laws of the . Allwise and Almighty God? Haj it become a com mendable th ng to teaeh for doctrines the commandments of men ? If so, then error is better than truth, and the teacher is wiser than his Creator! It cannot be. But let us hear him out : ? We now pass to the changes in the form itself. For the first thirteen centuries the almost universal practice of biptism was that of which we read in the New Testa ment, and which is the very meaning of the word ' baptize'— that those who were bap tised wtre plunged, submerged, immersed into the water. That practice is still, as we have seen, continued in Eastern onurcnes. in the Western Churches ic still lingers among Eoman Catholics in the solitary instance of the Catkedral of Milan, amongst Protestants in the austere f?cfc °/,the BiPci»t3. It lasted long into the Middle Ages. Even the Icelanders, who at first shrank from the water of their f feezing lakes, were reconciled when they found they couli use the warm waters of the Geysers. And the co!d climate of Russia has not been found an obstacle to its con tinuance throughout that vast Eranire Even in the Church of England it is's«ili observed in theory. Elizibeth and Edward the Skth were both immeised The rubric in the Public Baptism for In fants enjoins that, unless for special cases they are to be dipped, not sprinkled. But in practice it gave way since the beginning ot the seventeenth century. With the few exceptions, just mentioned, the whole of the Western Church have now substituted for the ancient bath the ceremony of sprinkling a few drops of water on the face — p. G97. Another change is not so complete, but is perhaps more important. In the Aposto lic Age, and in the three centuries which followed, it is evident that, as a general rule, those who came to baptism came in full age, of their own deliberate choice. We find a few cases of the baptism of chil dren ; in the third cento- y we find one case )f the baptism of infants. Even amongst i Christian households the iri&tanccs; of Chry sostorn, Gregory Nazianzen, Basil, Ephrcm )F Edessa, A ugustine, Ambrose, are decisive proofs that it was not only not obligatory but nst usual. They had Christian parents and yet they were not baptised till they reached maturity. The liturgical service of baptism was formed entirely for full grown converts, and is only by considerable adaptation applied to the case of infants. Gradually, however, the practice spiead, and after the fifth century the whole Chris tian world, East and West, Catholic ;and Protestant, Episcopal and Presbyterian (with the single exception of the sect of the Baptists before-mentioned), have bap tised children in their infancy. Whereas, in the early ages, adult baptism was the rule and infant baptism the exception. — p. 690. Let us now, as before, sum up the admis sions of Dean Stanley in reference to the changes in the mode and subjects of bap tism. He testifies : — 1st. That there his been a total diver gence of modern from ancient doctrine. 2nd. ihat for the ancient bath or plunge, the ceremony of a few drops sprinkled on the face has been substituted. 3rd. Tbat for the first thirteen centuries the almost universal practice of baptism was that of which we read in the New Testament, i e., in mersion. 4th. That the practice has given way since the beginning of the seventeenth cen tury. 5th. That it was not until after the fifth century the subjects of baptism were changed, and infant immersion universally practised. 6tb. That the instances of Chrysostom, Gregory, Nazianzen, Basil, Augustine and others, who had Christian parents, but nevertheless were not baptised till they reached maturity, are decisive proofs against infant baptism in the third cen tury. Lcok again, kind friends, at these six im portant admissions of the Dean of West minster, and then ask if there is any pos sible reason which can justify these changes in the revealed Will of God ? And do they not wholly destroy the Divine Ordin ance originally given by Jesus himself ? The manner of administering it having been changed, and the persons to whom it should be administered are different, what is there really left of that institution which Jesus enjoined on everyone seeking salvation through His name ? Absolutely nothing. It is quite a different thing— a human in vention — and the fearful conclusion is forced upon us that most of those who pro fess Christianity have never been baptised at all. That the Dean of Westminster supposed the reasons he gave for the changes justified them I do not doubt for a moment. To me, however, they seem both puerile and contradictory. The reader mnst judge for himself. Hear, then, what constitute the weighty reasons for amend ing the Divine Law. On page 697 Dean Stanley gives his opin ion, as follows : — The reason of the change is obvious. The practice of immersion; Apostolic and Primitive as it was, was peculiarly unsuit able to the Southern and Eastern countries for which it was designed, and peculiarly unsuitable to the tastes, the conveni ence and the feelings of the countries of the North and Wesi Not by any decree of Council or Parliament, but by the general sentiment of Christian liberty this great change was effected. Not begin ning till the thirteenth century it has gradually driven the ancient Catholic usage out of the whole of Europe. There is no one who would now wish to go back to the old practice. [This is a grave error, there are thousands every year going back to it.'] It had, no doubt, the sanction of the Apostles and of their Master. It had the sanction of the venerable Churches of tie early ages, and of the sacred countries of the East. Baptism by sprinkling was re jected by the whole ancient Church, except in the rare cases of death-bed or extreme necessity. Almost the first exception was the Heretic Novation. It still has the sanction of the powerful religious commun ity which numbers amongst its members such noble characters as John Bunyan, Kobert Hall and Havelock. It has even been defended on sanitary grounds. Sir John Floyer dated the prevalence of con sumption to the discontinuance of baptism by iumersion. But speaking generally, the Christian civilised world has decided against it. It is a striking example of the triumph of common sense over the bondage of form and custom. ° How it strikes the reader I do not know, but to him that is writing now the last sentence of the above quotation borders very closely upon profanity. To charac terise an institution of Jesus, who brought Grace and Truth into the world as a ',bond- age of form and custom ' over which common sense can triumph, certainly does no credit, to say the least, to either the common sense or the Christianity of the Dean of Westminster. He had the re putation of being a good man, and I have no wish to disparage him, but he has, un intentionally I believe, been guilty of a serious fault. It all-serves to show, however, how very defective are the Dean's opinions, whatever may be thought of his facts. The latter I regards as undeniable, the former not worth the paper on which they are printed. I hold to one and despise the other, and for the reason that one is truth ful and the other false. Let us, however, attend to the first reason he assigns for changing the ordinance of Christian Bap tism. He says: — The practice of immersion, Apo3tolic and Primitive as it was, was peculiarly suitable to the Southern and Eastern countries for which it was designed, and peculiarly un suitable to the tastes, the convenience and the feelings of the countries of the Nnrt.h andWes-. This is an opinion. Now let us te3titin the scales of Eeason and Truth. If Jesu6 designed immersio . only for the East and the South, why did ho not say so ? And if He did not say so, how did the Dean know ? If again it was not designed for the West and North why were the Romans who lived in the West ' buried with Christ in Bap tism ? '—See Bom. vi. 4. And how comes it that for thirteen centuries, according to the Dean's own admission, immersion°was the; universal practice? The Christian world seemB to have been aver/ long time in finding outi's unsuitability ! But the Dean ctually contradicts himself, as will be seen ««W°kin' b*ck t0 the lowing words— ' The cold climate of Eus*ia has not been found an obstacle to its continuance throughout that vast Empire.' Eussia is m the north from Palestine, and is un doubtedly a ver/ cold climate. And yet the scores of millions of the Greek Church have not yet discovered its unsuitability ! Is not the objection both puerile and con tradictory ? We, therefore, take the facts which the Dean has been pleased to 'ive us, but we 1 eel compelled to return himhis opinions as utterly worthless. There m. neitnei' tfuth nor reason in them, i he truth is that Christ instituted Chris tian Baptism for all the world in every latitude, and for every creature of Adam's lost and guilty race. Here are the words as given in Mat. xxviii. 19. : ' Go ye there fore and teach all nations, baptizing them m the name of the Father, and of the Son, and t.£ the Holy Ghost.' Not merely then to the East and South, butalso to the West unaiNortn, to 'all ndtions'-the frozen Icelander and the sun-burned Moor. It is a most fearful error to allow that 'taste' and 'convenience' justify the alteration of a divine institution. Bead-.r, what think you .-- But there is another reason for the changes, more plausible, but just as untrue in tact, as the flimsy one just disposed of Lhe reader has no doubt heard it before, but we will allow the Dean to state it in his own words : — ., But there is a further reason to be found m the character of children. This is con tained in the Gospel which, is read in the Baptismal Service of Infants throughout the Western Church. In the early ages there probably were those who doubted whether children could be regarded worthy to be dedicated to God or to Christ The answer is very simple. If our Divine Master did not think them unfit to be taken in His arms and receive His own gracious »*™««S wuen jae was actually here in bodily presence, we need not fear to ask ±lis blessing apon them now.— p. 700. +i,T0TWhic,h I reply- I have no objection to JJe ?«an a asking Christ's blessing upon the children. I often do so myself! But to ask a blessing for them does not requiie tneir baptism. When Christ took them up ? '? in His arms and blessed them, He did not baptize them. Why then did the Dean wrest the Scriptures in this way ? He has told us that during tho first three centuries the Church did not baptize children. Was the Church mistaken for threa hundred years ? If not, was not the Dean himself mistaken? It appears to me that this plausible and very popular argument for Infant Baptism is based on a misconception of the true design of Baptism. It is not for the inno cent or the ' worthy,' but for the guilty and unworthy. In the Acts ii. 38, it is stated ' for the remission of sins.' Hence, too, Ananias said to Saul, ' Arise and bap tized and wash away thy sins,' &c.; It is meant for the penitent believer, and for him alone. It is ' the obedience of faith,' and as such is both unsuitable and im possible to infants. But to bring my task to a close, let us hear the Dean's candid admission concern ing the result of these changes in the Divine Ordinance. On page G98 he says : — Perhaps no greater change has ever taken place in the outward form of a Christian ceremony with such general agreement. It is a greater change even than that which the Roman Catholic Church has made in administering the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper in the bread without the wine. For that was a change which did not affect the thing signified ; whereas the change from immersion to sprinkling has set aside the larger part of the Apostolic language re garding Baptism, and has altered the very meaning of the word. Can that be right which sets aside Apostolic language— the language of the Bible ? Which alters the meaning of the words and throws our minds into confus ion ? Alas ! for the results which 'taste ' and ' convenience ' have brought about. But where will the exercise of this most vicious principle in religion finally bring us ? lhe Dean of Westminster has evident ly been applying his idea of; the doctrine of Evolution to Baptism. 'The Nino. teenth Century ' is a fair exponent of that modern theory and seems to advocate it more earnestly than anything else. But it is a great mistake. The Dean might as well attempt to add brightness to the sun as to improve on the laws of God. The Gospel of Christ is 'The Everlasting Gospel,' meant for all people until the end of time. It is absolutely perfect. The Infidel Eenan has said that all that is necessary to constitute this world a paradise is that the precepts of Jeaus be universally put in practice. And this : is true. Let us therefore be content with the simple laws of the Gospel. The Spirit has told us that in 'the latter days some shall depart from the faith,' that ' many shall follow their pernicious ways,' by reason of whom ' the way of truth shall be evilly spoken of.' Let us heed these warn ings and follow the more closely in the footsteps of our Eedeemer. He went down into and was buried in the waters of Jordan, saying, while Ho did so, ' Thus ifc becometh us to fulfil all righteousness.' 'He left us an example that we should follow in His steps.' Be has -nven no authority to alter His laws. It is still and will ever be true, that ' He that believeth not shall be damned.' — Mark xvi. 16. It is the duty of every Christian to 'contend earnestly for the faith as it was once delivered to the saints.' No change is necessary, and therefore no change should be tolerated. Thus said the Lord, 'He that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully ;'; and again, ' But though we or an angel from Heaven preach any other Gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.' As we said before, so say 1 now again, if any man preach any other Gospel unto you than that you have received, let him be accurs ed. For do I now persuade men, or God ? Or do I seek to please men ? For if I. yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.' So spoke Paul to the Galatians. He had no idea of consulting the ' taste,' ' feeling,' or ' convenience ' when preach ing the unsearchable riche3 of Christ to a perishing world. Reader, whom do you think the moie worthy of admiration— Paul the Apostle of Christ or Aithur Stanley Dean of Westminster ? . ' 