IRISH FAIRIES. Ghosts and goblins still live and rule in the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in remote places, but close oven to big cities. It is down West ward among the deep bays and mountain valleys of Sligo tliat I have heard the best tales and found the most ardent belief. Thero, many a poataut dreams of growing rich by finding a fairy's croct of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles aa she pauses some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men and women carried oft, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robborios wu reported to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the Tillage of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There wu at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because it was rumoured that the fai ries had taken her. A villager wu said to have long straggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and he found no thing in his hand but a broomstick. The local constable was applied to, and ha at once instituted a hoiißeto-house search, and at the same lime advised the people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalaum are sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on a fairy horsb.' At last she'saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being car ried of! was drifting down it—such are the fopsvlnrvydoms" of Tairjr glamour —in a ' cocVleshcll." Briiles and" new-born children are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, ore sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do not cscap» then are always prisoner?. A woman.'taid still to be living, wu taken from near a village called Balliaodare, and when she came borne after seven years she had no low—she had danced .them. off.— W. B. Ytau, IB the Ltiime 'jlour. 