ROUMANIAN' SUPERSTITIONS* The current number of the Xo'<< > ’!c contains an interesting’ article descriptive of the peculiar beliefs and practices of the Roumanian peasantry on iho subject of the supernatural. At this time of day, as the writer regretfully remarks, it is useless to look for the superstitions any more than for any other form of the picturesque in streets of Bucharest. The Roumanian WWi/i is just like his fellow cockney all tho world over; he wears the orthodox costume of Western Europe; and, that, being so, it is idle to expect to discover more than tho 1 Ten* smallest remnants of his ancestral ideas under tho abomination of civilisation—the store-pipe hat. But the Roumanian peasant, i the tho man who lives his life j between the Carpathians and the .Lower Danube, is still very much what his fore fathers wero beforo him. His imagination has not been coloured n neat uniform drab by the brush of modern progress, and he is still refreshingly behindhand in the race for a complete coating of that melan choly monochrome, From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peasant is escorted by x host of popular practices meant to shield him from the malefic influences of the evil “pint- of tho nnseen world. Of these there are no lack, tor Slavonic superstitions are mingled in Rnumnuia with survivals of classic | mythology which haw been inherited by the dtweiulante of Trajan's leuionarics from their -Romanised ancestors. Centuries of Christi anity have not been able to obliterate altogether the marks of. the Roman eagle's claw, and the demigods and nymphs of Gr:«*oo Roman legend linger yet under the sheltering shadow of the Car pathians. Thus, when a child is Horn, the f ither and mother invariably turn their ejes anxiously in the direction of the window. For tehind that nro lurking the three invisible spinners, the I'zitoare, who are weaving the wob of the infant’s destiny, the lineal descendants of the Parc.v of classic mythology. Before the the child is christened it has to play it* part in the important, ceremony of the first bath. This is adminUtcredto the child in tho albia or cop*:**, a wooden ves?el, which serves alike for btth and cradle, not to mention numerous other domestic pur poses. Tho babe's godmother performs the ablutions at her own bouse, whither the j f-hild is Carried: lo^&lhor; with a present of sugar and coffee. J c it is a boy the god mother must pour into the bath a symbolical 1 mixture of com, wine, and honey; and in the case of a girl some feathers from a dove’s wing and some petals of a rose tako i the place of tho wine. The feathers and : ro?e leaves form a pretty prayer to tho : Three Spinners that the girl’s footsteps through life may be soft as down, and her faco a3 fair as tho rose in blossom. If you de.-iro to read in tho book of destiny the future of your offspring you may prove a boy’s character much an Portia proved her lovers'. Present tho child with a leaf, a rod, and a book. If he takes tho bread he will bo a man of common-sense and practical knowledge of the world; if the rod, he will be a ne'er-do-well: if the book, he will grow ! up to bo a groat scholar. Lovo and marriage, like birth and death, have ever been fruitful themes for the exercise of popular superstition in all countries. In RoumiinU, as elsewhere, the moon is the maiden's chief adjutant? in affairs of tho heart. A properly constituted Roumanian damsel will on no account omit to hail the new moou with the following invocation :— “New Queen! in health thou hast found me; in health leave me. Thou hast found me unwed; leave mo with a handsome husband at my side.” Thus they invoke Diana, the moon-goddes*, as their ancestors, doubtless, invoked her centuries ago. Neither will the same maiden forget, when the month of March comes round, to sus pend from her neck or her wrist the viartsiehorx a silver coin, which, in April, will be carefully hung upon n ro?e bank while its owner drinks a draught of milk. In this way she will infallibly obtain a complexion of the moat exquisite pink and white. Having thus secured a share of beauty, the next thing is to turn it to account in the market oi matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or the opportunity to follow the clasric tradition, go to the forest by moon light, and there, stripped of her clothing, to look for tho face of her fttfur in the waters of the spring, she may yet obtain a sight of him in her dreams if she will place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of the Epiphany. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in haste to wed to wear basil in her hair or her rone*/**, that herb haring i traditionally the attraction of a mayfly for a trout for every well-regulated Roumanian i youth. Should she desire to know whother ! she will wed within the year, let her go by night to the garden hedge, choose in tho | dark two neighbouring branches, and ! bind thorn together with a ribbon. Returning in tho morning she will examine them, and if she finds that sue has bound the branches of two separate bushes her desire will bo a:com piished; but if, uufortunately, they both spring from the same root then no wise woman in nil Rounmnia can tell her how long she will have to wait uuwed. When she is definitely engaged stio presents her jiiiftx'* with her sash as a formal acknowledg ment of the betrothal; and should she bo ho lucky as to hear a dove coo, or a cuckoo sing (upon her right side—not her left), then all U bound to go well with tho pair. But if the betrothed pair would live long to enjoy each other’s society, let them take care on the day they are married not to cross another wedding party coming out of church : for if they do either bride or bridegroom will die before the year is out. These precautions being taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other uncanny other-world creatures, are plentiful in Roumania, and os various as plentiful. Thero are the Strigol, evil spirits who will make their way into the house on St. Andrew’s night unless you rub your doors and windows with garlic, tho Knell of which theso spirits cannot abide. There are tho Moroi, or spirits of unbaptisod children, who cry for their mothers* breasts, and will not bo appealed until their little graves have been sprinkled with holy water for seven years. Most fearsome of all is tho Vampire, who leaves tho tomb by night, and wanders till cockcrow working evil to men. But tho spirit of the departed will rest unvoxed provided that his coffin contain a comb, a piece of soap, and, above all, the classic obol, tho wngo of the Infernal Ferryman. For tho Roumanian peasant still pays tho burial fee to Charon. 