TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you news indifferent good to either. The flood which occurred Last week at tracted a large number of visitors from Sydney and elsewhere on Saturday, all curious to see the effect of the great over flow of water. Many, perhaps, had never seen a similar inundation before, and were rather extravagant in their notions as to the appearance it would present. Conse quently some few were rather disappointed, and one member of a party who passed the GAZETTE office during the afternoon, after having been to the river, remarked in quite a disgusted tone of voice, " Well, I'm Wowed if that ain't a d-poor seven bob's worth" -referring no doubt to the amount it cost him for the return ticket. Now, as the ! Hawkesbury folk don't organize floods for show purposes, and don't make atty " gate" money by them-but rather lose pretty! considerably by their frequent visitations, I can't see what unsophisticated visitors have to grumble about. Perhaps this dis appointed individual expected to see the ; whole town submerged, the majority of the inhabitants sitting astride of the chimney tops, and the remainder floating placidly down the stream on board a hen-coop, or hanging on to a raft of cornstalks ; perhaps his curiosity would have been fairly well1 satisfied had we arranged a few cases of accidental drowning» afire or ¿wo, a free fight in which the whole of the combatants would be fatally wounded, or some gruesome occurrence calculated to result in dire destruction to the town and its inhabitants. These people are hard to please-they love sensation» and you can never wholly satisfy their appetites in this direction. Those who reside in the district, and are either directly or indirectly affected by floods, know full well that the one which has just visited us was quite high enough in all conscience and though the damage effected by it was small in comparison with previous inunda tions, it was still heavy enough; yet, in the interests of those city folk who pay seven shillings to visit Windsor and see the spread of water over the low-lying territory around the town, it is desirable that in future every flood should be a repetition of that -which occurred in 1867-so that the aforesaid visitors may be enabled to go their way rejoicing. It happened away in a certain part of the country, removed not more than one hun dred miles from Windsor, that a visiting clerical gentleman, prior to his departure for the metropolis again, was presented by a friend with a sucking- pig, nicely dressed for the oven, and carefully packed away in a box, ready for removal by the recipient. A brother clergyman, discovering what the box contained, and having a decided relish for suoking-pig, quietly appropriated the little porker, and placed in the box in its stead a brick, wrapped round and round in paper until it comfortably filled the recep tacle. The visitor was leaving for Sydney that afternoon, and dined for the last time with his friend, when they made a meal by a strange co-incidence-off a Bucking-pig. At anyrate off he went to the city, the box containing his present being placed in the brake. Reaching Redlern, he decided to send the little porker to a Mend in one of the suburbs, and packed it off under charge of a delivery-van- driver, who promptly handed the box over, and left. The whole family gathered round to discover the con tents, and much speculation was indulged in as to what it would turn out to be. The head of the house, when he found the brick, realised that he had been sold, and vowed vengeance on his clerical friend, who one day, shortly afterwards, made a call, and was rather astonished at the coolness with which he was received» Explanations en sued, and the donor of the sucker was so indignant that he immediately interviewed Mr. Eddy, and complained that his box had been tampered with whilst being mwù in the brake- van ; enquiries were instituted, and the resident cleric, with whom the complaining cleric had dined prior to his departure for Sydney was inter viewed. A roar of laughter followed the statement made by the Stationmaster who called on him, and the rev. gentleman between his bursts of hilarity remarked, "Oh, it's all right, my dear fellow; ' bad his dinner witt me on, Thocßday^He had' as much ot the "pig as he* could' eat, and so had I, What more could he want?" Fact! The sweeping Victory "obtained by the labour party at the polls is the mo/t sj^mifi" eant met of modern times, ß proves that the people who work have made np their minds to make the political arena their battle-ground, recognising the uselessness of strikes and the ineffectiveness ot com binations under present conditions.. They have come! to understand thát íhey Mave been fighting for a shadow while the sub stance has been appropriated Hinder their Very noses, This awikening is due in a large measure to. the tote stfifee, and seeing the result, there are-many who will look with A kindlier, eye on $he cause than fliey have hitherto done. It is also one of the fruits of the system of national edueatiOn with which this cbuntiy.-& neeSs^^^^^llfé^ïsyteTl^hfitè^b làf longôurlégiàatiûïi wíU have tiuídergüae a radical change,f Wáh th» VAhaTition of platel voting ¿he people wilt have the power, in their fc&nfts;, ¿Mall that they wilt have to do is to use that power rightly and to prevenj the ^vision p£thefr miks. ¿Chisir course iá dear berare fliemwihey* wist attack monopoly in all its faons and, hav ing obtained electoral refonn< £tet flôflfcroy the primal monopply-that .of the land. With a clear, well-defined programme which will keep their forces together, the labour party will be the party, and we shall see legislation for the people and not for a small section of it. In days gone by, when the aborigines desired a corroboree on a scale of greater, magnificence than ordinarily, it was the custom for the Great Medicine Man to retire into a sort of sacred seclusion for a short period prior to the event. He sought some wild, romantic spot, usually some lonely precipitous headland or waterworn shore where, amidst the sounds of nature and the "harmony of the spheres," thc voice of the Great Spirit came to him and whispered in his ear the words and tune of thè great song the tribes were to unite in singing. These, when mastered by him, were taught to cer tain individuals who were despatched to the different tribes, to whom they imparted the instructions they themselves had learned from the Medicine Man. When all were thus proficient in the " service of song" and its accompaniments, a grand gathering of the clans took place, and the corroboree was duly celebrated. This old custom has been recalled to my mind by the similarity of the tunes lately sung by the various poli tical candidates. They all seem to " harp on the same string." If you hear one, you hear all-one plaintive, melancholy, mono tonous refrain, remarkable- neither for its, originality," depth, nor comprehensiveness,' but replete with time-honored supplications and semi- decayed aphorisms. Undoubtedly, the great political medicine man in Sydney imparted some of his inspirations to these itinerent singers, who, catching a few of the " Grand Old Man's " precepts, are now diffusing his teachings throughout the various electorates in their own monotonous whang-doodle styles. The words of their song (for all have the same) run somewhat after the following lines : " Once more in the breach," my political* fijfeads, ' You favor and int'rest I court ( ^ And I pledge myself fully to further your ends, If you give me your solid support. The crisis has come rather soou to my mind ; We would ratberhave bad it postponed Till our principles ajhtyere more clearly defined, And our (orges in harmony toned. ' The blame of it rests with unscrupulous men Who worked all the underground wires In their efforts to have an election again, Just to gain their own petty destres. In coming before you my motives are pure ; I have no selfish objects in view, Though many will strive for a seat, I am sure, Just to pocket the nice little " screw." Your district I love from the core of my heart I price it beyond all the rest ; And now I would feel most reluctant to part With the place and the friends I love best. Remero her. thcLgood I have dome in the past Ii/ftrnest rf blessing* in store ; I f smaf go for Htfe money "while energy lasts For your district's requirements, andmore, 16hall see that the Government works are pushed ... on, 4od money spent right at your door ; Your roads and your bridges shall be number one, ttood .fortune shall down on you pour. The federal cause we are going to fight ; The changes on that we shall ring, When $hè bMlw amended, each State has its right, Ag¿ oar colony crowned as the " King." (sic) I Federation ts coming, we'U-fcbansh the hour WJMQ ike colonies. blefldftdin Ojaer tedln spirit, and strengthened in power, Shall put nationality oft. I Freetrade and Protection are knocked in the head ; They belong to the " stories cf old" ; When Parliament meets they shall be (if not dead) With the Dibbsites left out in the cold. átff&bor; we're keeping some good things in store ; Wt'll vote for the " eight boars a day" ; I Each nan shall be granted «ne vote and no more, ~ Bifttit.i^bja^páy. l~^ft>^apem)'BdT, itjg^^^riippediaw' mind {Sáy,fchMe,justlt*tómta [ I think 'twould be better if they were allowed To be open two hours «nd no more ; 'Twould be fair to us all, and 'twould hinder the crowd From sneaking in by the back door. i Am I Orange or Green ? With which do I side ? ? (Mow, I'm darn'd if I know what to say ; I'll ask my Committee, and they shall decide Which role will be better to play). Well, friends-ab-ahem-l-ah thought you all knew, Or at least have (ahem) perhaps seen That on Twelfth of July t*m*>range «nd blue, And on Patrick's Day run np the green. About my true colors I'll ne'er make a noise ; *I love them when blended the most ; One thing I implore :-Now for heaven's sake, boys, Don't trot out the " Kiama Ghost." To say I've the " blues" would be very untrue ; That I'm "-green" would be likewise unkind. (Mr. Chairman, I think 'twould be safer, don't you, For the future to be color blind). I think I have run to the end of my rope. (In fact I've said all I've been tol') I On election day friends, I honestly hope That you'll plump for me straight at the poll. I How the Chairman will call for a confidence vote, (While I step inside for a beer), So livrant all iny.friends to especially note That they hold both their hands up and cheer. My committee won't " shout,"-they say.it won't pay; And the chairman can't stand it, he thinks ; So come with me, boys, to the pub o'er the way, And we'll have " Tamboroora " for drinks: (Sustained applause). TAMBOROORA CHORUS HEARD FROM PUB : . Hurrah for the Member who sets up the beer, For him we'll support, and for him we will cheer ; When his money's all done, and he can't stand a shout " We'll hunt up another, and then kick him out. Last week a correspondent wrote to the GAZETTE and offered a suggestion of a most valuable charjuojber, and one which, if adop- ¡ ted'by Windsor and Êichmonâ folk, cannot fail to materially benefit the people, living ¡ on the low-lying country around the district, ' who are liable on very short notice to be j flooded out. The correspondent in question j advised that on several points of vantage^ overlooking ¡the lowlands, bright red discs* j should.be raiçed in the daytime when signs of a flood ate apparent, and at hight time a red. light phçuljl be substituted-;One that might easfiy HÖe "awcerneä 1>y ïhe dwellers on the flats so liable to be submerged. By this means timely intimation might be given to people removed some distance from town, and who find it difficult to secure news as to whether the flood waters are rising or falling. Some scheme might also be adopted whereby ¿he information could be conveyed to theni that the, water was still rising or hod commenced to fall, and thus a deal of inconvenience and loss would be averted, at a very small cost to the two district municipalities. The suggestion is one that should not be overlooked, and it is to be hoped that, if not taken up in any other quarter, the councils of Windsor and Richmond will recognise the importance of making a move in the matter. Wilberforce is to be connected with Windsor by telephone, hut seeing that it is also necessary to afford the same facilities to Pitt Town and Sackville Beach that Wilberforce has been granted, it would be well for the department to slightly alter the arrangements made for the carrying out of the contract. The route the telephone line will take under existing conditions is direct to Wilberforce from Windsor ; but it would be much better and would be a saving to the department if the line were taken first to Pitt Town, across the river to Wilberforce, and then along the main road to Sackville Beach. Applications for the extension of the telephone service to Sackville and Pitt Town have already been made, and the i department cannot do better, seeing that j both centres of population are entitled to : the boon they ask for, to kill two birds with ! one stone. If Mr. Bowman will attend to this matter at once he will earn the thanks of residente in the localities referred to, Whose interests in this direction have too long been neglected or overlooked. It appears that at last, as far as members go, the Protectionist party has a majority over the Freetraders in the new Blouse, and those who followed the fortunes of the Opposition leader so long are jubilant. They naturally anticipate that as soon as it meets the Protectionist leader will divide the House on the fiscal question and thus secure possession of the Treasury benches ; but it is more than probable that such a result will not be attained. The Labour party are pledged to certain principles ; all that they ask is that their reasonable demands shall be duly met ; they have no more love for Dibbs and his party than they have for Parkes and his followers-conse quently, as ousting the old Premier for the purpose of putting Dibbs in his place would simply mean jumping out of the frying-pan into the fire, it is but fair to assume that for a time at least the Labour party will support the existing Ministry, more par ticularly as the Electoral Bill has been promised as the first measure to be dealt with. Again, the Labour party are at one in the opinion that the question of Free trade and Protection instead of being dealt with by the representatives of the people, should be decided by a plebiscite of the people themselves, and they propose to fol low this course in connection with the federation as well as the fiscal question. The Labour party would gain absolutely nothing by lending a hand to oust the Parkes Ministry,-and as the bulk of its members have their heads screwed on all right and can see as far through a stone wall as most men, they will scarcely be led into assisting to waste time by placing in power a new ministry, not possessed of any more love for the labouring classes or im bued with any greater desire to assist them in securing the justice so long withheld, than the men who at present occupy office. Bather a good thing occurrred down at St. Albans the other day. The Freetrade candidate (Mr Mahon) was accompanied from Wollombi to St., Albans by a young medico who was very popular in the latter place, where he lived for some years. Recognised in the local pub by one of his old patients, the doctor got a hearty slap on the shoulder. " I'm going to vote with you this time, Doctor," said the Macdonald River man. " Glad to hear it," said the Doctor, but why so ? " " Well," replied tlie other " I don't know whether this joker who comes with you is a Freetrader or a Peytec^anMtfJbut I do know that you cured ytfgUnÈÈBâïS the toothache» That's 