PERSONAL IMMORTALITY. Tho following is the abbreviated text of a sermon on Personal Immortality proachod at tho Australian Church on Sunday last by tho Rev. W. E. Addis, from tho text " Thou wilt show me the path of lifo." — Psalms 16, 2 : — Much confusion may be avoided and much timo saved if we remember that we are really asking two questions when we discuss tho immortality of tho soul. The former question is, Have we souls ? or, in other words, Is tho, soul a spiritual substance or is it a more func tion of tho material body? If we believe that tho soul is no more than a function of tho body, then of curso when the body is dissolved tho soul must cease to be. The soul in this senso may be compared to tho magnet's power of attracting iron. Destroy the magnet, mingle its particles with the dust, and subject them to chemical change, and then, without further ado, you have annihilated tho power of attraction. If, on tho other hand, tho soul be not a material function, but a spiritual essence distinct from tho body, the ground lies open on which tho. belief in personal immortality may be built up. These, therefore, are the two questions before us. First, Does the soul, in the proper and usual sense of tho word, exist? Secondly, Is that soul immortal? We will take these two questions apart, and try to answor them in their due order. Tho existence of tho soul, its spiritual or immaterial nature, is so absolutely certain that no truth can claim to rest on a surer foundation. No doubt materialists often talk as if their belief were simple and obvious, as if their opponents held a complicated and unintelligible theory, which admits of no proof from reason, and may be dismissed contemptuously as a mere article of faith. Now, I am anxious to avoid all which will seem like dogmatism and exaggeration. But I am constrained to any that materialism.is more than false. It is unthinkable. It has no meaning. If thought should be clear, if confusion be worse than error, materialism stands condemned, for no man can clearly explain what he means when he says that the soul is a mere function of tho body. If, further, science should be based on experience, materialism is condemned once more, for it contradicts tho primary fact of all experience. I proceed to give my reasons for this judgment. Our first notion of matter is that it is something extended. That is, matter is capable of division ; part lies outside of part. So much is just as true of tho brain as of. the rest of the body, it has its right and left hemis phere above ; its six lobes further down ; tho cortical or barklike substance lies above, tho medullary or marrowy matter lies beneath. From this it follows that your personality — your soul, that which you mean when you say "I"— is something distinct from the body, distinct from tho brain. For you are one and indivisible. There is a unity in your consciousness of which matter is incapable — with which matter would cease to be matter. In the brain, oven in the minutest particle of tho brain, part lies outside of part. But when you think, when you love, even when you feel, you are one, you cannot remove tho consciousness of unity by the utmost stretch of imagination. It is in vain that you argue against this sense of unity, for it is in volved in every argument. You imply it when you say, "I disbelieve in tho soul," just as much as when you say, "I believe in tho soul." Do not be deceived. The materialist may talk of free thought ; his theory is tho negation of thought, He may appeal to positive fact ; he ovorlooks tho foundation of all faot. He may profess contempt for mysteries ; he himself advo cates tho most irrational and incomprehensible of all mysteries ever devised by tho perverse ingenuity of man. There is another senso in which the unity of the soul stands in sharp opposition to the divi nity of matter. Panta Wiei.saiil Heraclitus (" all things nre in flux"), anil this holds good of all matter, bndy nnd brain included. But tho soul has Ub stability, which is really another aspect of its unity. Giroumstanccs mny havo changed ; thoughts, opinions, oliaractcr mny havo boon altered, but I am still I.- It is I myself who honr tho burdun of pastsin. It is I who oau look linok to better, purer, liolior times, nnd say, "It was hotter with mo then than now." I may look forward hopefully to improvement In tlio future. Still it is I who am to lead a better life in time to como. The soul, thorofore, is some thing more than the body ; moro oven tlinn thoughts and emotions which como and go. Nay, it is deeper than character itself ; it is an enduring, spiritual substaneo. But nre not tho operations of the soul accom panied, followed, precuded by bodily changes? Yos; but this shows simply that material olinngps are often the condition of thought. It is mere sophistry to assert tbat matter Biipplios the conditions of thought, nnd leap to tho con clusion that mattor is thought. Nor can matter help us in tlin least degree to understand the functions of thought. Our bodies, our brains, are in time and space, but our souls are not in time and space. Time and space are in them. Gibbon held the past history of the Roman world, as it grew and decayed, and gave place to tho new order which rose slowly -from its ashes. Newton comprehended myriad worlds and tho simple laws which order them. Now, where did Newton and Gibbon hold all these ideas? In a particle of grey matter of their brain, with a capacity limited to the last degree, or in tho mind which transcends material limits, boenuse it is spiritual? The answer may be safely left to those who will take tho trouble to think. Not only is the soul demonstrably distinct from the body ; it can and does exert Its power over tho body. Tho faith that man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things that he possesses, the disregard of bodily weariness and pain in toil for a great cause, the cheerfulness of many a humble Christian in the face of death, would all bo inexplicable on the materialist theory. We aro able to subdue tho body and bHntf ffc into RiihiAntinn. Sf. of AssiBi confessed that he had ill treated bis brother, the ass. meaning that ho used bis body too hardly. I am not defending monkish nscetism, but I maintain that the extravagances of tlio ascetio witness to the fact that man is not morely n material, but nlso n spiritual being. Yon and I could noithor uso nor abuse our bodies if we bad not a personality distinot from tho body. If tlio argument so far bo sound, it follows thnt tho soul is a spiritual substaneo, nnd there fore capable of immortality. Tho soul mny be immortal. Personal immortality is possible, nnd there is no reason why the denth of the body should bo tho end of porsonal existence. As wo look into the nature of man more olosoly tliiB possibility risos to a high degree ai probabi lity. We havo seen how tho soul transcends time ; is it likely that time can destroy it? We know how nature conserves energy. The body does not really perish ; it is changed, but the bodily particles still hold their place in tho economy of tho universe. But personal love, the beauty of Christian virtue must continue to exist in the same per sonal soul, else they, or at least that of thorn whioh is most precious, perish utterly. The body dies when it is worn out nnd usoless by ngc or premature disonsn ; tho soul, if it diod at all, would in many onses die in its full vigor, or ovon boforo its capacities Imd beon vitiated. Moreover, tho moral nature of man convoys the strongest prediction of his immortality. This is his destiny to bo porfect, ns his Father in henvon is porfoat, So Jesus said, and the heart of man has attested tho truth whioh Jesus ottered. Yet, if tho moral perfection to whioh man is oallod bo inflnito, then man is destinod to be immortal, unless God has made him in vain. The philosophy of the soul makos personal immortality possible, tho philosophy of mnn's nature raises this possibility to a high degree of probability. The thought of God in his rela tions to us chnngos this probability into cer tainty. Thoso who oommuno with God havo laid hold on eternal life, bcoaiiso they know that tliey have an eternal friend. This is the thought to whioh the psnlmist givos such noble exprcs sian in the words of my text, " Thou hast made known to me the path of life." It is true that many are strangers to this divine life. But it is not tho will of God that any should perish. In the humblest son of man thero are divine capacities, and in God's good time tliey will bo realised. Some of you may feel disappointed that some other kind of proof cannot be given. How comforted, you say, should I feel if I could believe in tho ghost stories of tho past or the spiritualism of to-day ; if I could find' some shadow of proof that some spirit had actually appeared on earth. My brethren, whilo wo seek suoh proofs wo aro degrading spiritual truth to tho level of a coarse and material superstition. Believe that God orders all well. He hides the future world from your gaze in order that you may walk by faith, and not by sight ; in order nlso that you may oouoeiitrato your mind on present duty. It is not woll to be thinking constantly of tho world to como. It is anything but .well to pry witli usoless euriosity into tho secrets whioh God has re served for himsolf. Tlio time is abort ; the opportunities givon here ennnot rcoiir hereafter. " Whatsoever thy hand fiiulcth to do, do it with thy might." But live at tho namo timo witli tho solemn fooling that you are building up your oharaotor for etornity, that those who nro committed to your oliargp nre tlio heirs of immortal life. Whon you sorrow, do not sorrow without hope, since those who for a timo are gono from yon still livo to Gud. Above all, bo sure that neither death nor lite oan separata you from the love of God, whioh is in Josus Christ our Lord. 