jliroim^ jklprf utssm.- w UTLINES FOR INTERNATIONAL LESSO.V.-. DECEMBER 27. REVIEW OF THE QOABTER'S LESSONS. GOLDEN TEXT.—Truly tbis man was the 5onof God. —Mark 15: 39, BR REV. ROBEBT TUCK, B.A. INTRODUCTION.—Christianity may be represented as the • Doctrine of the Person of Christ.' In every Christian age the proper test question of Christianity is the same as in the age of John. ' What think ye of Christ ? Whose son is He ?' Sometimes the orthodoxy of an age bas had to defend vigorously the truth of Christ's Divinity. At other times the orthodoxy of an age has had to defend the truth of Christ's humanity. The orthodoxy of our age has to resist the representation of Christ which makes Him a dual being, God and man, and to persist that he is a single being, the Divine-human being,' Man, with God for the soul of His humanity.' This age, therefore, specially needs the message of the Gospel of John; and no set of lessons could be more timely,or more doctrinally necessary,than those provided for ihe last six mouths To put this in a somewhat simpler form, John wrote bis gospel with a distinct object in view. He proposed to correct wrong, and to teach right ideas concerning the person of our Lord Jesus Christ. John is peculiar among the apo3tles for the jealousy with which he guards what he regards as the ' true doctrine of the person of Jesus Christhe even anathematizes those who do not fully and heartily believe that' Jesus Christ is come in thejiesh. Everything John the apostle wrote seems to have this for its main purpose—to Rhow you that Jesus was a real Man, and yet to compel you to believe that He was more than man : even the Divineman—' GoJ manifest in the flesh,' I. TEACHING CONCERNING THE PERSON OF CHRIST IN FACTS. John was the only evangelist who was an actual eyewitntss of some of Christ's closing scenes. (1) What can we learn concerning Christ at the grave of Lazarus ? This man, who is so real and brotherly that He weeps •with mourners, is nevertheless the Lord of Life, and can bid the grave yield up its prey. (2) What can we learn from the washing of the disciples' feet ? The willing servant is the real Master. (3) What can we learn from the scenes of the betrayal. He who suffer like a man in the agony of Geth- Bemane, controls the guard so that they fall before Him like a God. and voluntary surrenders Himself with the majesty of a king. (4) What can we learn from the scenes in judgment balls ? He is worn and exhausted like a man ; He is sublimely calm, with an unnatural, a Divine calmness, that shows Him to be more than man. (5) What can we learn from the cross ? It is a dying man, bu f even the Roman centurion was convinced that He was the ' Son of God.' See ' Golden Text.' (6) What can we learn from His resurrection life? He talked with His disciples, and eat with His disciples, as a man; He came in when the doors were shut, and vanished out of sight, in ways that showed Him to be more than man. II. TEACHING CONCERNING THE PERSON OF CHRIST IN DOCTHINES. What may we say that John gained as doctrine, out of His personal impressions received of Christ, and from Christ ? Surely this,—He is the living Saviour, who is saving now. (1) The necessity of Christ's death in order to complete the redemptive- mission entrusted to Him. Lesson for October 11. (2) The spiritual nature of His redemptive-mission, shown by its relation to the work of God the Holy Ghost. Lessons for Oct. 25, Nov. 8. (3) The spiritual union between the Redeemer and the redeemed, involving the communication of His Divine life. See Lesson for November 1. (4) The interest of the Divine Father in all the redemptive operations of His Soa. Lesson for November 15. (5) The spiritual character of the present redemptive relations Christ, shown in the removal of the sensible and bodily in the resurrection atd ascension. Fix the truth,—Christ has frcm the first been pref sent in believing fouls ; always Christ their life. One while He was both spiritually and materially present, and then men knew and apprehended Him as the ' Man Christ Jesus.' That time passed when its mission was fulfilled, and now we know Christ, ' declared to be the Son of Gnd with power by the resurrection from the dead.' We see Christ as John figures Him in Rev. 1\. . 