Bees as Adversaries. Those who have personal knowledge and ex perience of bee-culture will bear out the re mark that bees are not particular as to the size or the position of the home in which they choose to dwell, so that it suffices for them to carry on with security their wonderful opera tions. In their wild state cavities of rocks and hollow trees are alike available : and in their domestic condition they have no pre ference for a straw castle over n,,house of wood, nor for a wooden house over a straw castle. The bee, wTiich, while under proper treat ment, is one of man’s best friends, proves, when molested, a terrible foe. Allusion is made to this by Moses, in his story of what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the •..'ilderness. “ The Amorites came out against yon, and chased you as bees do, and destroyed j you.” The strength and force of their sting is such as to enable them to pierce the skin i of the horse and other large animals, and kill them. Their ordinary speed when in flight is from sixty to eighty miles an hour, and they have been known to fly past the windows of an express train when travelling at full speed in the same direction. The bee’s manner of attack is to dash straight at the object aimed at; and commonly, when ex cited by the presence of some meddling per son, they will attack the face, aiming especi ally at the eyes. When the thousands which inhabit a hive are aroused by the sound of alarm—well understood by all the inmates— to repel an invader, they sally forth with a courage and determination which none can • withstand, attacking their foes on every side '. with a fury it is impossible to resist. King_ David must havewvilncssed just such a scene.' ■ which he reproduces in his description of the fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelenting foe: “ All nations compassed me about; they _ compassed me about like bees.” Recently, the mishap of a porter-in hand ling a box of bees in transit by railway created an amusing and rather alarming scene at the station. There was a general stam pede of passengers and officials flying in every direction chased by the infuriated bees. Catching the queen and placing her in the box, restored confidence and quiet, for, flock ing loyally to her standard, the whole colony returned to the case, which was then sent on its way. But even this is a small affair com pared with what is related in ancient history of persons being driven from their habita tions, and the inhabitants of an entire town being compelled to flee before myriads of bees. JElianus, who flourished about 200 j A. -D., gives an instance of this in one of bis seventeen books on animals. Mungo Park, the African traveller, mentions a modern in stance which took place near Dooproo: “We had no sooner unloaded the asses than some of the people being in search of honey, inop portunely disturbed a large swarm of bees. They came out in large numbers, and at tacked men and beasts at the same time. Luckily, most of the asses were loose, and I galloped up the valley ; but the horses and ] people were very much stnng, and obliged to | scamper off in all directions. In fact, in. half an hour the bees seemed to put an end to our journey. In the evening, when they became less troublesome and we could venture to col lect our cattle, we found many of them much stung and swelled about the head. Three asses were missing; one died in the evening, another next morning. Our guide lost his horse, and many of the people were much stung about the head and face.” Persistence of the Beaver- — The quickness with which a colony discovers a wholesale attempt against tlioir peace is astonishing ; yet if their numbers arc undis turbed, or diminished but gradually, even the presence of civilization will not drive them them from their haunts. To-day beaver arc returning to streams in Michigan, long ago abandoned by their race, simply because they find themselves unmolested, the demand for beaver-peltry being slight, and the prices paid out of all proportion to the labor entailed in trapping. It has been said that, if a dam or house be once injured by the hand of man, the colony at onco disappears. But that this is fallacious is proved by- the following : Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mich., on the Carp llivcr, a beaver colony began the erection of a newdam. Though the embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, and trains passed 'backward and ■forward daily, they seemed in no wayllis'-' turbed, and worked steadily on until the water had risen a foot or more. The track master, observing that this endangered the line—for the embankment had been utilized as a wing of the dam—ordered the water to be drawn off. But the following day the beavers had repaired the' dam cut through, and the water was its former height. Again and again and again was the dam cut through, and as often would it be repaired. All in all, it was cut and repaired some fifteen or twenty times ere the beavers were sufficiently dis couraged to abandon their attempts. White. Sparrows-—Instead of the ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of the thou sands of sparrows in Macon are white. Pro fessor Willett of Mercer University has made a close study of insectivorous birds, and when this fact was brought to his attention he supposed the white sparrows were merely albinos. Nature plays her freaks in all classes oE the animal creation, and scatters albinos among men, beasts and birds. Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white" one is found. But the white sparrows at Macon are too numerous to be accounted for on tlie theory of chance, which would explain the presence of one in a thousand. They are exactly like their companions in every re spect save color, and there is no evidence that the [white and dark sparrows have crossed; they are all either solid white orsolid brown. London Needle Women-—The women engaged in the shirt trade are to the full as ill off, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were their sisters in the day when Hood sang their sorrows and sufferings. The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starves rather than-lives by it. She soon becomes in very deed. The seamstress, lean and weary and wan, With only the ghosts of garments on, In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sews at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Happily, many of the shirt hands are not wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle. Numbers of the married women of the poorer classes work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wages oE their husbands and the additional income thus' gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a week, sensibly in | creases the comfort of the household. Con sidering the wretched prices paid for the i work, the surprising thing is that the women I should earn even so much at it as some of •them do. . Take the button-holing— a | leading branch. o£~~ "the ~ work. - The holes are rough-punched in the factories -the work ofi: the "outdoor hands being to stitch them round. This .button holing is admittedly “ niggling" work, and yet the rate at which it .is paid for by the sweaters is a penny per dozen collars. As each collar has three, holes, the hand, who finds her own needle and cotton, has to, sti,tch thirty-six holes for a penny. iHven so, some of the ex perts, by working long hours, by rising early on Summermornings, and sitting late on Winter nights, by living on food that is “ ready to be put into the mouth,” chiefly bread arid butter, and eating as they work; by acting on these lines soms of the button holers will earn as much as eight or nine shillings per week. The prices paid by tlie manufacturers who give it out in the first instance are probably such as would enable a skilled and industrious hand to make a living wage : but as matters stand such men are almost compelled to employ middlemen, and the tender mercies of the sweater are Every man of brains makes some kind of life purpose for himself. He sets a goal before his eyes and “ goes for it.” The goal may be worth striving for or itmay not. The way to it may be eompatible with health and happiness or it may not. These are points for the man himself to deter mine. PirDil : “Why does the avoirdupois sys tem have no scruples ?” Prof. Rodder : “ Because, my boy, it’s used to weigh coal and ice.” Satiety is acute reaction. Pleasure, like bubbles, floats on the surface; those who drink deep imbibe bitterness. 