THE LAST WORDS OF CHRIST. At the morning service' in St. Thomas's Church, on Good Friday, Rev. D. 1f. Barry delivered to a large congregation a sermon from the text Luke xxiii, 46--r "And when Jesus cried with a loud voice, c he said Father, into thy hands I commend a my spirit. And having said this he gave v up the Ghost." d During the final six hours of his agony t on the cross our. Lord appeared to have t maintained an almost unbroken silence. v On seven occasions onlj was that silence r broken. In order that attention might be c concentrated on the subject - "Jesus a Christ and Him crucified," the preacher , proposed to glance briefly at the seven a sayings, taking them one by one in the t order in which they were probably uttered. t First. When the. heathen soldiers were I nailing his hands and feet to the cros0. a This intolerable torture did not wring i from him a sharp cry of pain; it might j have brought forth a groan, but if so, t that groan was mingled with a prayer- a the most beautiful, the most touching of c all intercessions "Father, forgive them, r for they know not what th.y do." It was [ an intercession, of course, for one class of sinners, but the words intimately con- a corned all mankind. It was with a Saviour a with feelings like that we all have to do, I with one who forgives and loves in that I way, with one who intercedes in that way. 'E And how were we treating the love of i such a Saviour? The next words of our I Lord were uttered when his agonizud l glance fell upon his widowed, mother. He perceived her standing by the Cross, and I desired to spare her needless anguish. I lHe would gently send her away-but I where? She was a widow now; she had r four sons but not one of them believed ] that Jeans was the Christ, and she could I not expect from them that kindness, that ( sympathy so indispensable to her condition c -and so he lovingly confided his mother c to tho care of the disciple whom he I especially loved, "Wcman, behold thy i son I Son, behold thy mother !" And immediately John took her away to his own home. [lis next words were ad- a dressed to the criminal who was dying a alongside of him. It would seem that t this poor man had a most wonderful a conversion, in the hour of death, on the cross, he was converted by the sight of the suffering of our Sariour. p What was it that produced such at mighty effect upon the man's soul? Perhaps it was because he saw how completely in that dreadful hour the Lord Jesus was (if the expression might be h allowed) master of the whole situation: t and so it might be that poor heart d was penetrated by the conviction " Hear t is one whom death and sin can never overcome. In the end he F must conquer, he shall come forth vic-c sorious, he shall come again in his E kingdom"-and the wild extravagant hope I entered his heart "Could such love as his reach one so utterly lost as I am 1" And I so he dared to breathe the prayer "I -rd, E remember me when Thou comest anto o Thy Kingdom !" They all knew what the I answer was. Of all the passages in the i Bible it was the one that bro1ght sal iation, and Ieoaven itself nearest to.the lost and d?ying sipnl?-" yerily. I say unto thce this day shall thou be with me in Paradise." But the darkest depth of Buffering was not reached till *.he thi-l hour on the cross when in the extremity of ' his anguish he cried "My God, my God, why last Thou forsaken me." He had identifieod himself with sinners, he had made himself their mediator and inter cessor, he had charged himself with the responsibility of the common world and it became necessary-in some way we could not comprehend-that he should make satisfaction to the divine law for that sin which consists in the brolking of the divine law. When that dreadful smoment was past, when the warfare was accom plished and the travail of his soul was completed, then we hear, for the first time from his lips an expression of the bodily pain he was was enduring-" I thirst." And when the cooling sponge had touched his lips a lend cry as of triumph rung upon the startled air-" It is finDIRhed I" It was finished-he groat work he came from Heaven to accomplish was finished-and then hislast words (the words of the text) were uttered. These, so simple in their trustfulness, were almost the words of a little child. May the graco that comes from the Lord Jesus Chrlst enaleo as to be calm, trustful and peaceful in the solemn hour thtaushers into eternity. 