The Wedding Ring! Its History Runs Back to tho Begin ning of Recorded Time In Ancient Days It Was Used aa an Em blom of Botrothel— Tha Important Part It Playa in the Mar riqgo Ceremony ot the Present. It ia an inoontrovertablo fact that every woman focla a oertain interest in the snbjeot of woddmg nnRB. And, indeed, it is natural enough that this should be so. Tio and symbol beyond anght oIbo of tho most im portant crisis in a woman's lifo, tho wedding ringmust necessarily bofranght with fosoina tion for wifo and maid, for old and younc ahko. ? * ° Everyono knows that rings wore worn in old Bible daya, though what part thoy originally played in tho nuptial coromony is not so clear. But at any rato thoy form an important portion of the wedding service among tho modern Jews, the regulations in forco among thorn on this hoad being very Btriot, Tbo ring muBt in ovary oaao bo ex amined and oortifiod by tho officiating rabbi of tbe Bynagoguo, to mako euro that it ia of tuc prescribed value, and tho simplo opera tion ol placing it upon tho finger ia so bind ing that thiB alone, apart from any other portion of the ceremony, ib oonBidored to constitute a legal marriago. In point of faot, howover, it is not from tho Jowb, but from tho Romana thai tha nations of modern Europe derive their wedding ring. Among tho ancient maotera of tho world, rings were commonly need as part of the rite of betrothal. But it is worth while to notice that there waa one apeoial differenoo be tween the ancient and modern ubo of rings in this respoot. In their original employment they wore really not wedding but betrothal rings i that io, thoy were given and taken as tno publio expression of a man'a promise to a woman that he would marry her, Afl a learnod writor has told us in regard to tho early Italians, ' ft man who wished to pledno his faith to a woman, plaoed a ring upon her finger, which is at tho present dav preserved for tho bonodiotion of marriage.' ' Two points are thus to bo remembered— tbat in Iho old daya there were two distinct ceremonies— tho betrothal and tbo aofcunl wadding— both ot whioh woro equally es sential to tho full solemnisation of a mar riogo ; and also that the ring was originally uatd, not for tho eeoond ceromony, but for tlio first. Suoh was the oustora during tho pagan era ; and so it remained throughout tuo early oonturies ot Christianity. Marriage oven then, and for a vory considerable period afterwards, waa regarded in the light of a civil contract only, and waa entered into be fcro a magistral ; while tho ring itself was used an tho Bymbol ot promise in tho pre liminary rito of betrothal. Gradually, howovor, thoae two ooremoniea beoamo merged into one by tho loss on tbe part ot the betrothal of its firBt formal obaractor. I' or somo timo after tliia, and iu consequence of it, thero was no emoll uncer tuinty in tho ubo ol tho ring, whioh was not unfrequently left out of tho business alto gether. But, after nwhilo it reaeeertod ita importance, and once moro came into general use. Moreover, it now began for tho llrst timo to limit itBolf habitually to tho singlo hoop of plain gold— a form whioh has boootno inseparably oonneoted with all our modern notions ot what the wedding ring should It will thaa be seen— to tho surpriae, doubtless, ot not a few readers— that the wedding ring ia not a Christian institution at all, but rather odo whioh we have inherited, along with oo muoh else in our ooromonial, direotly from olaaBioal antiquity. Tbia leads tbo writer to montion a ourioua point in oon neotion with its oommon employment. In pagan Homo tho betrothal ring was worn on tbe third finger (tho ono next to tho littlo finger) of tho left hand, as it ia to-day. Thia position ja said to have been chosen from tbe belief— unfounded, of course— that thero waa a vein or nervo running direotly from that finger to tha heart, a belief that was accepted, not alone by the ignorant maBaeB, but oIbo by tho learned men— the dootora and pbiloaophera of tho timo. But in oarly Christian daya a good deal of confuaion eeenia to have prevailed upon tho matter, bb a rcBult of whioh the ring was often placed and worn upon tho woman's right hand. In the old Saulsbury Manual is found specific roterenco to thio faot in a vory singular pas tmge, whioh throws Bomo interesting light on tho subject of tho wedding ceremony in general. From thiB wo loarn that tho brido groom was to rooeivo tho ring Irom the priest, who had bleaood it (and this blessing, it may bo remarked, i'b still hinted at in tho marriago eervioo ot theEnglish Episcopal ohuroh) ; and then holding the right hand ot the bride in hia own loft hand, ho wob to reoito tbe worda ? ' With thiB ring I thoe wed.' Then ho was to plaoo the ring on the right-hand thumb, saying: 'In tho namo ol tho Father :' then on tho first finger with tho worda : ' and of the Son ;' then on tho aooond finger, adding : 'and Holy Ghost,' and finally, with the wordB closing : ' Amen,' on tho third flngor, where it was to remain. But in course of time uniformity was established in Javor of tbe left hand, and there is no longer room for question oonoerning this important point. Of oourso, no one acquainted with tbo marriago oervioo of the English Epis oopnl ohuroh needs to be told that it is absolutely necessary, acoording to the rites of that ohuroh, that a ring should bo employed. But beyond tho Bimplo ordinance that a ring there rauat bo, the ohuroh makoa no spooifio conditions, bo that (curious as it may ap poar) a ring of any Bizo or weight, material or pattern, will servo tho purpose perfeotly well. It ia naturally enough not often that ono has to ohroniole any departure from re cognised ousiom in this regard j but such de partures do from time to timo occur. A Btory is told of two paupora 'who came to ohurah and requestod to bo married with the oburoh key, aa the paroohial authorities had notfurnished them with a ring.' The olork, it is said, not unnaturally, felt 'aome dolicaoy ' about thia, and finally found an other way out of tho difficulty. Ho fetohod an old ourtain ring from hia own house and with this extraordinary artiale the loving couple wero duly unitod in tho bonda of holy matrimony. But, though thia particular olork saw fit to hoaitato, the ohuroh key has been employed, and that more than onoo, in the place of tho ring during the last hundred years. Kvcn tbo Duke of Hamilton ' was married at May Fair with a bsd ourtain ring.' Nor does thia by any meana exhaust the liat ot eooontrio makeshifts. To give my ono other inetanoo, it is a mattor of history (hat a lady was ones married with a ring of leather out transversely from tho finger of the bridegroom's glove. Thus tho plain gold hoop now aanotioned by long uaago und surrounded as it is by untold associations, is by no means so es sential to tho marriage ordinance as moat people oupposo. Indood, it ia only during more recant years that it has been accepted aa tbe only proper form of wadding-ring ; for in former daya rings used for marriage wero frequently ohaBed, or eot with Btonea.or in raribed on tho inuide or outside with names, i: itials, or mottoes. Ono might give a long Hit oi those mottoes, or poBies as they wero ob1''(1, but it would hardly bo found interest ing f r instruotive ; for they were not ns a rule ' distinguished by groat poetio ability or marked originality ot thought. Ho it appears that tbo wedding-ring, like all things human, haa its history aud its romance. Nowadays it may indeed be eaid that ita adventurea are woll nigh ovor. Per haps bo. But, be that as it may, the writer feelo safo in prophesying that so long aa hearts beat in uniaon to the same hopes, tho Barao aspirations, the same desires, bo long will tho wedding- ring keep its hold upon uo all, aa the enduring symbol ot faith and BBorifice. Van Dudbb (indignantly) : 'I am not quite a fool, Misd Amy I' Amy : ' No— not quite.' OAiLKit: 'Where's your father?' .. Uurohin : ' Ho'a shinglin'.' Culler : 'Tho barn?' Urohin :' No, Tommy.1! . . 