?' lie iutt anil fear 'not." ' ' ' gSATUUUAV, MAY I'si),' 1891 Tbo Labor Congress. Tins fciiorn! policy ndoptod by tbe Labor CoDgroijH ia ojii'ii to unfavorable critiuixoi in nmny pointH. So fur as it ia iqtonJL-d tliat tho results of tlio pro- posed lubjr federation should bavo n conciliatory effect in its operation botwoen capital and lubor,it ia rr-grottablo :th&tanyn;*eakr.ess in thiadireotiou should exist. Ono of tho first docisivo nets of tbo Uougreea was to pass a resolution sympathising—almost applauding—tho attitude ast-umod by tho Qnoonsland sbearors in their violent method of assorting tho so-called rii>hta of labor. That actim on tho port of tho delogotes was in ilflolf almost sufficient to shrike vthe confidence, not ouly of capitalists, but nleo of tho cool-headed section of tho general public, in tbo niaonor in which tho Oongru?S proposed to work oat their ideas of conciliation and adjustment. Publia enrpiiso was thoro fore not considorablo when it was announced in tbo report of the federa tion committeo that tho "strike" prin ciple of doaliog vritb capital was to bo retatnod as tbe great- iustrnmant of against any supposed in justice on tbo part of employers. is rational and commendable in tbo other work of the Congress wilt, the labor leaders may bo assured, go for little or nought bo long aa this throat*— far*a : threat it sotaally amounts to— bangs over tho heads of employers. It ?.carried with it an irritating spirit whioh is 'calculated to keep a strain on tbe -relations - between master and servant and which could be expected to bare \--uo'othereff-Jct than, to -cheek .the-fre?: influences. It jSvonld givo employers no betterguarantee than thoy havo nt preeont tbat tbo whole, 1 of their bu?ioos? doings might not be' brought to a sadden standstill, entailing: large, if not raiaona, lons. Had there* been a proyinion for notice boing givon -which wonld arenro a oontintianco of labor-in connection with tho completion of'large contracts and in other con tingencies of a similar kind, less objeo .lion oonld be taken to the ontcor-r,o of tho delegates' deliberotioDH ; bnt oven tiVAVo the" Btriko ghost wonld have more qr.- lass -estranged tho employers and employed. The labor agitators Beem all along to have been strangely inconsiderate regarding tbo individual ri&bts; of employers, whom tbey cousider only as a class ; yet tho individual rights of laborers are placod first and j foremost as tho warrant for all manoor of demands from employers gonerally. How wonld tbo Labor Unionists like to see tbia selfish priociple adopted by employers? Now, when tho employers -tb'ave been forced by tbe extiemee of tbe late strike to form a Union for their '.own defence on somewhat converse lines to those on which labor unionism :is baaed, nothing wonld bo easier for them than to completely turn the tables on "tho Labor Unions in thia direction, and if more oantion in not exercised in nnion ydsmsads something of this kind will evontnally happen. Tbe employers, when thoy were without a Union, woro stronger thin tbo Union laborors, for tbey bad tbo funds of private wealth to ~rely upon; now they bavo tho. addi tional ndvantngo of a consolidated fand, and to attempt to recklessly strike with each a durable opposition as that wonld b.> akin to madness. Everyone who 'wishes well for tho working classes sill .sincerely. regret any. disposition, to repeat suoh a vain effort to force evon _ admitted tights as was mado daring the ~lamontablo and ill advised prolongation of tho strike which baa so woakonod the c inflaenceof Labor Unionism in Aus tralia. Evory liberal-mindod colonist, and especially every Australian who is proud uf .tha .freedom, of his conntry, doeiros, as wo do, to soo tho highest [possible rato of labor romnnera ' ttou obtained; bat only tbe ira pntsivo and reckleifl will advise the employmen*. of any somblance of forco in tlio ondoavor to obtain this i.end ; whilo ,tbo best friends of tho .work "iog man will counsel him "to adopt a quiet, dispassionato, and conciliatory method iv putting forward and maintain- ; ing their rights. §volt moderation . would not only commend itself to the public, but wonld, we aro confident, Had favor with employers inasmuch as .: it wonld be found to bo tbe mist pro fitable and harmonious means of adjust "niont for both parties concerned. 