THE HOUSE OF XUMMON. 4 STORY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Bt JEAXIE G WYNNE BETTAXY, "Author, of *• Acxt SimcEs’a Two LEGaciES,’’ *ro. CHAPTER XU. (CojrmrtTXD'L noar after Hour we crowd watched, refusing to stir. Himmon sod Hackbit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About tea o'clock smoke was still issuing from the mouth of the pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on. Murdock with his com panions continued in consultation. It was Hackbit who addressed him this time. **Do you think an effort can be mode now?" he asked in a voice quito sober. "I shall go dowu with the first cage." A cry of. 41 brave man" was heard in a woman's voice, clear and silvery. It sounded like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hack bit’s eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd and rested on the whito face of Kezi&h;, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then ; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Himmon was looking for the owner of the voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, for she had hidden herself immediately. Hock bit's ouick eye had followed her, however, and be dashed after her at once. 44 Oh, cousin/* he exclaimed, in a reproachful tone^M* l*ave 70u made us all so miser .Tlie girl hung her head. " I only went to hide my own misery," she said gently, "I didn’t think anybody cared ” “Icare very much," responded Hackbit. 14 Believe me, cousin, I feel more for you Words.can express. I will do anything, suffer anything, to bring back happiness to you;" and the hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovely eyes, that had grown so pathetic nine© he last beheld them, and looked larger aud darker for the.dark circle that now surrounded them. How pinched her ltttle face had grown! Even Hackbit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. 44 Whose baby have you got r" he asked. 44 It belougs to thatpoor woman down there," replied Kizzy, indicating with her finger. 44 She fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it np. It would have been trampled to death." Is there nobody the child can be riven up to?** asked Hackbit, 441 don't know." "Perhaps the mother will come to," sug gested Hamcbit. Mr. Himmon was seeking his nephew in the crowd, and at last perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for mortified it was, ho recog nised his daughter, and went up to her. She was safe then: and what a scandal it all was, her disappearance, aud her turning up like this, more like a ghost than a living girl! Still, there was a spark of tenderness in his voice os he said, 44 Kizzy, my childAnd truly ho was alarmed enough when ho saw the change that had come over her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed and meagre, the lips were pale aud drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery iu them. 44 Come home with thy father, child," said Mr. Himmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of undeceiving his daughter. “ Let us look for the child's mother,” said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a spot whero the crowd was not Quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely set round one object of interest It was the figure of a voung girl, who could scarcely be twenty from her looks. One of the nume rous doctors upou the spot were examining her as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon re marked that her trouble was over, at any rato; she was dead. 44 Has this poor girl no relatives—no one who would take charge of the baby i"* asked Mr. Himmon of the bystanders. “ *">he has neither kith nor kin. neither lias her poor matter, who lies burnt to a cinder, Worse luck, at the bottom of the mine." "Come home with me, Kizzy," said Mr. Himmon again. "I will try hnd be kind to you;’ and he made no objection to her carrying the baby with her. As they passed through Jumley town, the numerous low public-houses blazed out upon the darkness, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their eriez; vile traps, catching the miserable, and neaping anguish upon them under the guise of comfort. The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with au unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed after warda, doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times disliking the place, disliked it excessively to night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pits. This did not prevent his offering to carry the baby, but Kizzy would not give it up. It was asleep and warm under her cloak. To his nncle he said in a low tone, 44 Above all, cross her iu nothing.” Unnecessary advice, how ever, for Mr. Himmon was not disposed to cross At the end of the OM Park Hackbit left his uncle and cousin, and retraced his steps. He was soon again in the place of his antipathy, and carefully noted each step he took. Ho had got about half-way across, when a rumbling sound, followed by a cruh, startled him. It Was one of the threatened houses giving way. Ro doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As Hackbit passed through the town, he was touch tempted to enter oue of the public-houses, hut lie resisted the temptation. 44 Hang it all," he^thought; 41 let mo go into the jaws of death When he reached the pit's mouth a cage was Waiting to be lowered. 44 Wait for me,** ho cried. Murdock was in the cage. 44 Don't you go, for God's sake," Hackbit &aid.; 44 You ore needed to right the wrongs.** There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery on the part of Hackbit. No Black Country man is a coward. All are alike ready in these emergencies. There is never a cry for rolun Tliere was a lull in the crowd as the cage was lowered and those few brave mon descended to rescue some lew, it possible, of the hundred. Bhut up in that fiery prison. A White-chokered young gentleman of some three and twenty year*, with a yery wide brimmed clerical hat, ventured to make a remark to some women in his neighbourhood, ■bout submitting themselves to the will ot Providence. „ „ .!.. ... . .. 44 Shut thy-*^w- mouth,** cried one of the women, “<* we’ll chuck thee down th’ pit" They looked so much like carrying out the threat that the curate moved away as fast as he Jould with any dignity. Some jeer* were thrown after him, and one of the women said, ‘‘It's always the same gate, ffe mun be pstient, when wages is so low as we havener ©now to eat. If our children die of th* fever* orour lads i* th’ explosion, It’s the visitation of with Mwn aod. ub, it s the niigue o’ parsons is the worat^pl&gua; the Lord ever tent us—cune These words fell on the ear of an elderly clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to he °tnse t° somebody; and he said to the woman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterness— “ We clergy are great blunderers, I fear; bnt believe me, we would do better if we knew how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night.” “ Ah! if all th’ parsons was like yon, we wouldner cune them," replied the woman. There seemed to be something happening at the pit’s mouth now. Thecrowdmoved as near as it dared to the circle of thedocton. The signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd relied like demons as the machinery was set in motion and the rope flew over tho pulley. “Stand back.” cried the police. The mouth of the pit was filled by an object rising. It was ' the cage. The torches revealed Hackbit and another,’ each with a black' burden in his arms. The charred masses they carried were human beings. Blankets were held by the font comers, in readiness, and the poor wretches were placed in them and carried to the waggons. The crowd had almost to be beaten hack now, it surged so powerfully towards tho bodies, in order, if possible, to recognise them; but they were unrecognisable. “The fire's still burning in the north cut ting." said Hackbit. “ We daren't go near The signal was given to lower, and down went those brave men again. After. the fonrth descent they were eo exhausted that new volunteers came forward. In the course of the night, some thirty bodies, six of which were just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. 