WHAT IS IT i THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIME® GUIDES US AGAINST OUK WILL. “No, I do not boliovo m ghott-V " lady of great experience, “ but I do boliovo m 1110 ministration of spirits.” Tins is u0*;i*“? ngo nor tiio country in which tlio supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about tho practical. Haunted houses mo rented without great uitn cully, if tho landlord iti willing to knock oil a portion of tho rent. Thcro are many, howover, who will admit the exertion ut times of sonio peculiar influenco swuying ov.r actions. wo uvo led to do things wo should not do of oui own volition—tho wisdom of which wo do not appreciato until afterwards, theu wo ^onuec how we came to do them. Wearo forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that wiuch guides into tho wisest courses. In «|W practical ago results uru what people aro look ing after. They boliovo in what tnoy seo; tho “ovidonco ot things not seen” is to bo weighed in tho future. Whouu munis si ek, ho wants to get well; ho cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. In r fj?3 not cure ho toon begins to doubt tho skill or tno physician, and inquiro into his. methods ol medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if somo intluenuo induces investigation bcipro it is too lute. Mr. E. W, Edmondson, of Mel bourne, wiiies, 21st October, ISilO:—“During tho past sixteen yours I hnvo been adj^S periodically from a serious afVcction of too kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in tho back. 1 “aa disorder. i?or year's I thus Buffered, uiul I .— tliouglit this disorder of tho kidneys »uid liver -s. _ would bring about a moro serious U^iHOaao. y ;od hoadaclies, tlio result of liver Finally YtciciTtha effects of Wurnetfs safe euro, und not until thou did 1 experience any ameloration in my condition. Thu uso of this medicine Kpoedilv wrought a great eluuigo nucl four bottles effected a complete euro.” ^oto what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdulo street, Melbourne, says:—“UOth October, 1SU0.—Fot some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pain* in the bade and light side, and my digesUvo organs wero also out of order. In addition 1 was uillictod with congestion of tho liver and periodical headaches iVf a severe nature. My suffering was quicklv removed when resorting to Winner’s sufo euro, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, censed, whilo my kidneys were restored to healthy 