THE YOUNG FOLKS. CAPTIVE ANIMALS. In tho couHoof somo interesting gossip on tho troatuicnt of animals in captivity, a con temporary gives the following: Nature, when sho wauted to go grotesquo, exhausted her capacities when she patentod a mandril). This baboon has a muzzle such as would bo manu factured by an artistic upholsterer who hae pleated together pretty folds of blue aud light purplish pick stuffs. Although his head decoration is so distiii/fnt:, bis beauty is but skiu deep, for lie enjoys tho roputation of beiug an exceedingly wicked baboon—” Heal moan,** said the Iceoper. The singularity of his head colours makes tho mandrill a popular show animal. Ho is nn oxpensivo bruto, requiring great care. The difficulty in captivity is to got him over his second year, for tho older ho is the more conspicuous is that painted face of his, which would mako any solf-rospocting ghost-danclug Indian jealous. “ Tiiis mandrill, now. in his third year,” said tho keeper, “ is getting along very well. Wo watch his con dition carefully. We give him raw eggs overy day, and ho shall have some now,” Tho man drill clutched a couplo of eggs offered him, was caroful to hido the ono ho did uot hold, and commenced nibbling the nholl of one. Now bo llirted all tho white into bis mouth, not spilling a drop, and tbeu put tho whole shell I iu his maw. Next be tiltcu back bis bead, and so took down tbo yolk. ” Ho enjoys that vory much. I givo him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, aud ho puts it down ns if he likml it.” ” But temperance people always point to the the moral that perverted man is the only cren* turo who indulges in spirits.” ” Well, it may not bo natural to that mandrill in Africa to gat [ his toddy, but ho couldn’t ruanngo without it now. It’s uiediciiio, of course. Now come and look at our giraffo. Ho is in splondid condi tion. Tho trouble about such u big boast in confiuoment b that ho is forced to stand iu ono position too long, Everything deponds on having a dry bed for him. Tho least damp about his feet, and ho would got cold, und that would soon end him. As you see, tho weight comes on his cloft forefeet, and ono of thorn has spread a good deal, and wo will havo to clip it. Ho eats crushed oats, tho best clover hay, apples, carrots, aud has his quart of tnilk with his water every day. Now you shall see our lions and tiger*. Hero wo have a brace of fairly lively Hon whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in tiruo they will get used to one another. Oh, those spats don’t amount to anything. You seo the troublo about those tigers ? Isn’t it a pity r11 I did look, and—distressing sight!—tho tigors tails were scarcely a foot long, aud a bobtnilod tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. “That.was one of our groat misfortunes, and just ono of those things that can’t be always guarded against. One night, after ex hibiting, wo had to striko touts, and move off in doublo quick time. Somebody in tho dark wheeled tho van with those two swoot tigers near those dratted hyenas. Tho tigers flirted their tails.1 That was exactly what tho hyenas woro looking for. Just a couplo of snaps, and tho job was done, and tho value of those tigers diminished 85 percent. You had better not stand too closo. All theso animals havo u mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is moro danger outside of tho cage than in it. Thera are few things sbnrper than a tiger’s claws. Seo.” Thereupon the keeper drew out of his pocket a small handful of claw points. Tho edges were as sharp as steel, with llah-liook curves. “Wo have to cut their claws quite often. Whenever we introduce a now lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, wo lonvo to tho nowcomor all his powor of defence so far ns claws go, and losscn tho offcnsivoncss of tho rest of thorn by clipping thoir claws. It never fails that tho animals in tho cago at once go for tho stranger. They don’t bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that ho can claw too, and hotter than they, tlioy let him soveroly alone. If wo didn’t do that, tho new beast would havo his hido all cut. It’s not on o&sy; thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger's claws, or to porform an operation on them, as drawing out a olaw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tacklo, a halt-dozoa strong ropes, and as many moa. The most trouble some rope is the one to bo put around tho nook; The bruto would choke himself if uot for the precaution wo toko to seouro ono foreleg with his shoulder in tho noose. Other ropes are attached to hi9 fore leg and bind ones, and he is stretehed on his side, and is as hclplees as a log. Tho ropes havo an arrangement when tho oper ation is over which at once loosons thorn. Thou it is just as if you had coiled up a thousand horse-power steel spring, and lot ft go sudden. Tho van just vibrates. Lions suffor from lung troublos und rheumatism. Wo give them tnilk, quinine, rum. Sometimes, when off their food, a livo chickou will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a chicken just as a cat doo* with a mouse—kind of enjoying it. They often havo milk. Wo use groat caro in butchering thoir moat, and watch out for splinters of bone which would choke them.” 