TALES AND SKETCHES. ; AL0NE ON A WIDE WIDE SEA. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Golden Hope," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Death Ship," "Mr Danish Sweet heart," &o.; All- Rights Reserved. Chapter IX.— The First Mates- Remedt. It was cold, but -tbo sweep of .tho dry! uight wind was refreshing nnd inspiriting to mo who had boon confined to my cauin nil day. A. hull's cyo lamp burnt under the overhanging ledge of tile poop deck. Beneath it wns a clock, and tho small hand ivas close upon one. Tho gleams of the lamp touoh cd no living figure, and so lonely looked tlio vessel that I could have easily supposed myself tho only human being.on hoard of her. Tlio great ship was leaning over under a vast cloud of ennvas, aud a Bound of stealthy hissing such ns tho stem of n vessel makes when the fabric is nwiftly rending a quiet surfaco of ocean roso into the wind oil cither hand. There was n laddor close besido me conducting on to tho poop or upper deck. I mounted itand stood at tho head of tlio steps looking around me. I could ece lint two figures. O.no of them was on the othor siHo of the deck. He was motionless, with liis nrm round ft rope, aud liis sliapo stood out against the sparkling stars as sharply as though lie vvero a statue in ebony. The other figuro was nt tho aftermnst end, at tho wheel. There wss a deep shadow of rigging and of sail when I had como to n pause. Tho dusky hue of tho clonk I woro blended with the obscurity and I was not observed by tho figuro opposite. I looked over the sido and saw tlio wator sweeping past white ns milk, with a frequont glitter of beautiful grcon lights in it, I looked awny into the far dislnnoo, whero the confines of the black plain of tho ocean were lost in the dnrkness of tho night and fixed my eyes upon tho stars, which wore shining sparely in thoso dim' and distant ranches, and snid to mysolf, ""Where is my liomo ? Whioh of all thoso countless stars is shining down upon my home now? But linve I a homo ? How can I toll, for I do not know who I nm ?" Then I looked up at tho swollen pallid brcaBts of sails climbing ono on'top of another into faint, almost visionary spaces, whero tlio loftiest wore ; nnd whilst I looked I heard two silver 'chimos ring out of tho darkness forward. What can thoso bolls moan ? : I wondered. How marvellous was tho liush upon this great speeding shadow of ship, this dim bulk of symmetrical oloudb waving its star rcnoliing heights in solemn measure ns though to the accompaniment of some deep spiritual ocean musio heard by it, but soundless to my ears ! Whero wns the multitude of pooplo who swarmed upon the deck when I hud como on board in the morning? I knew thoy were rest ing below, and the thought of that great crowd slumboriug in tho heart of the Bwceping cloud like shadow nt which I gazed awed mo, but the emotion changed into ono of fear and of loncli- noss suddenly, and to rally myBolf I turned and walked towards tho nfter end of tho vessel. Thero was a moon in tho west, nnd tho light in the sky that way was tho silvery azure whioli I had witnessed through my cabin porthole. I walked to the extreme end of tho ship, whero tlio helm wns, and stood by tlio sido of tho wheel. When I was on board tho French vessel I had alwriys found something fascinating in tho machinery of tho helm. I used to gnzo with childish wonder at tho compass card, stendily in its brass bowl pointing out tho littlo vessel's course, and I would watch with surprise the instant response of tho small fabrio to tho move ment of the wheel. But now ns I stood hore besido this wheel I ourveyod n stretch of deck tlint seemed monsuro- less, as the white planks, glimmering like sand away from my foot, went stretching and fading into the obscurity far forward. Behind mo, from under tho high, dark stern of tho ship, rushed tho .wako, like a line of pale smoke blow ing' over tho sea. The stars danced in tho squares of tlio rigging ; thoy tipped as with diamond points tlio sides of the sails, nnd thoy blazed at tho summits of the tlirco dim spires of the ship's masts: and tho moon in tho west, poised in an atmosphere of delicate greenish silver, trembled a waving fan shaped stream of light upon the summerlike pouring of the ocean under her. _ All nt once the helmsman on the right hand side of the wheel, of whosoprcsenco I had hardly been sensible, uttered a strango, low sort of bellowing cry, and fled along tho deck to where the figure of tho other man was. Involuntarily I put my hand upon tho wheel, as though in stinctively feeling that it must be hold steady, and that it must bo held in any case or tho ship would bo without control. The two men camo slowly along. The motions of each were full of wariness, nnd snggestivo in the highest degree of alarm and astonishment. "Dummed if-it ain't asteering the ship !" said one of them in a lioarso voice. " You scoundrel, it's a woman !" cried tho other. " How dare you quit your post? You'll havo the ship in tbo wind in a minute," nnd thoy both arrived together at tho wheel, running, ono being pushed by tho other. Tiie than who pushed the othor was dressed in a monkey jacket with brass buttons and a naval cap. He was clearly one of the ship's officers, bat' it was not. surprising that I should bo meet ing him now for tho first time. He thruat bis face into my hood, and then backed a step and exclaimed "Who are you?" then immediately added, " Oh, of course. You're the person that was taken out of tho French brig. Come away from the wheel, will you, ma'am? Hore'a an Irishman that believes you a ghost." The other muttered in lihi throat. I walked some paces away, and tho oflioor nocompanied me. " How is it that you'ro not in your bod?" said he. - - ' . "I hnve been sleeping all day," I answered, "and have come out to breatbo tho air.'.' "We do not allow females to wander nbout the' ship at night," said ho. "However, you cannot be supposed to know the' rules." ; I 'saw him by the moonlight oyo me strenuously nnd earnestly. " That's a big bandage yon have on, ma'am. I hope yon "are notmrich hurt?"r ' "I wns found lying injured and unoonsoious in'a boat by the Frenchman." : . " And they tell mo you hnve no memory." "I can. remember nothing," I anawored. "Wbat'ia tliat," oried ho, -pointing. ' "It is the moon," said L "What" is that but memory?" he cxolairiied. " Iremembor nothing of my past," said I., "Down to tho hour in which I awoke tocom- sciquariess on board tho French brig everything is -bla'clc But to whom nm I speaking?" "Yon are speaking to tho chief mato of the Deril'Castle, and liis name is Andrew Harris." ".What iB a chief mato?" I nskod. " He is tho person that is next in comriiariil to'thecaptkin." "Thon you sre of consequenoo?"said L He. smiled broadly. "There nro people .who will run whon I sing out." " Nobody appears to bo awako on board this , hip saving us who are hare,"Baid I. — tiflavo vou como on deok to find- that', out?" he oxolaimcd; tlion direoting his faoo at tho forecastle he uttered a ory, aud out of tho shadow forward there instantly camo a rcsponao. He oriod again nnd a rumbling "Ay, ay, air I" camo out of tho shadow. "So you see," said lie, " thore nro four not tlirco of us awako ; and if I were to sing put again, in about 5 seconds tho dcok would bo fall bf sailors running about. . . So you've lost your memory. . .1. D'ye know what part of England you hail from ?" " I cannot even tell that I am English." " What do tlioy want to make out ? That you're from Greenland? I'm trying to .catoh your accent. I have an A1 ear for accents. I lioped at first you might bo Lancashire, whore I hail from. , Thon I fancied I oould boar Darby-, shiro in you. But I reokon it'll and in Middle sex," ho added, thoughtfully. "That's to say if London's in Middlesex, whioh'no -man who goes to sea can hoi suro of, for evory timo ho returns - ho-, wants, a now.r.ohart, auoh is the growth of tho little, village. Does my talk givo you nny ideas ?" I shook my hood. , " Doesn't tho word London givo you an idea ?" ; - I thought and thought,' and said, "It is a familiar word, but it suggests nothing." "Onrso the sea!" ho oxolaimcd with an irritable i twist of his bend as ho looked round tho horizon, " how ill it treats thoso who trust themselves to it ! It robs you of memory rind it keeps me n poor man. Oui-so it, I say. I should like to know tho namo of tho qhnp.that wns the first to go afloat.' "Tld_buTn .him .in clfigy. But it's somo comfort to guess whero his soul is. It wasn't Noah. Noah hnd to save his lifo, and I allow lie hated tlio sea as much as I do. All animals— pooh 1 but I'd rather bo shipmates with beasts thau emigrants. And so you've lost your memory I And now what's to bring it hack to you, I wondor?" He broke off to exclaim sharply to tho helmsman ; tben re peated, "What's to bring it back to yo, I won der?" - . ; ; Ho took a turn as though tlio remedy woro in his mind and merely demaiidod a littlo thought. I watched him with deep anxiety. How could I tell but that even from him, that 'even frorn this man whom I had never before -seen, with whom I was now discoursing in tbo heart of tho ocean night, amid tho silence of a faintly moon lit deck, with the sound of frothing waters rising round about us, and tho pnlo shadows of the leaning canvas soaring high above us, how could I toll bub that ovon from this stranger might oomo tho spark, tho littlo leaping flamo of Buggoetion to light up enough of my past to onablo mo pre sently to see all ? So I watched him with acep anxiety, whilst he took two or throe turns. Presently ho halted facing me. He was a short man, scarcely as tali as I, square built, and,. very firmly sot on his legs. His hair ap peared to bo tho oolor of ginger. His chin was shaved, and lie woro a bush of board on bis throat.' As much of his faeo as the moonlight silvered disolosed a dry, , arch, sailory oxpros- sion. . "It requires thinking "over," said ho. "My motto in physio is 'like euros like.' Wbat sont your momory adrift ? You'll find it was a shook. If thedoctor would put you through a course of shoeks you'd come out right. I'm a poor man, but I'd wager ovory farthing that I shall receive for tho voyago that, if you woro to fall over board from tho height of tho ship's sido, whon you were fished up you'd have your momory. Some sort of a shock did tho mischief, rpid any sort of a shock's going to uqjj.o it. That's my belief. , When Mr. M'Ewan visits you again you tell him what I Bay. Why, now, IiHton to this. An unele of mino wna so- crippled with rheu matism and gout that ho had to bo carried like a dead drunk man on a litter to the railway station. Ho was to consult some professional nob in London. With much backing arid filling he was got into tho railway carriage, and thore ho lay liko a log, capable of moving nothing bat his eyes. Half an hour aftor the train had started it ran into about 40 waggons full of cattlo. Tho bust up was as usual ; engine off tho linos, driver in halves, tho remains of tho fireman in aditoh, several carriages matchwood, a dozen dead pooplo under thorn, two and twenty persons wounded, aud tho country round about full of bleeding bulls. And who do you think was tho firBt man to get out and run ? My uncio. Tho collision _ eared him. Ho was a well man from tho instant the locomotive burst Into tlio waggons, aud ho has never known an aohe Binoe. It's a shook that's going to do your business, ma'am, take my word for it. " I understood him perfectly. Many of liis allusions I did not in the lenst comprehend, yet I listened greedily, and for somo moments after he had ceased I continued to hearken, hoping for somo word, some hint, somo suggestion that would help mo to ovon tho briefest inward glimpso. Three silver chimes floated ont of the deep shadow of tho ship forward. " What aro thoso bolls?" I asked. " Half past 1," ho oxclaimed, " and with all rcspcot, about time I think for you to bo abed. The captain may come on deck at any moment, and if as finds you horo he'll be vexed that I havo not boforo requosted you to go bolow." I Iqqdo him goou-niglit, but ho ncoompanied mo ns far as the head of tho steps which con ducted to tho quarter-deck. "A shock will do it," said he. " I'm the son of a doctor, nnd my advice is — shocks. Tho job is to administer a shock without doing the patient moro harm than good. I'll think it over. It'll bo something to kill tho timo with. D'yo know tho road to tho cabin? Woll, good night, ma'am." I silently opened the door of tbo saloon, re gained my berth, and, after musing upon my conversation with the officer on deck, I closed my eyes and fell asleep. (to be continued.) 