CATHERINE'S CRIME. ClIAi-TMK XV. THE .lOUUN'AI. — CONTINUED. It is, in fact, an Organ — invented and porpetrated by Philip during a brief mechaniual craze, which overtook him in the early part of his career, before — his elder brother being then living— he was ?-permitted to indulge his musical pro pensities by going to Heidelberg to study, and was subsequently presented by him to Rosalind. ' Mclal docs not enter into the com position of this instrument. It is made entirely of turned woed, and leather. Of all the quaint instruments in that room ' — and there are many — that Organ is the most obsolete and absurd. Indeed, it partakes more of the character of an Edifice than an instrument, so much solid material has gone into the making of it. It is dark, ponderous, frowning. ? It might bs a novel kind of Eack used at some period of the Middle Ages. It is capable of a surprising amount of torture to-day, though it is in a crazy' condition from dry-rot, and partially paralyzed from long disuse. ' 'It is Philip's Organ,' said Rosa lind, and 3at down on the uncomfortable little bench and laid her wkitc hands \- upon the yellow keys, as if they had been old friends. Philip, who had drifted into the room in my niece's wake, instantly sat down and prepared to ' 'listen to the strains that should be ..evoked by his mistress from the instru ment created by his hands, while I, like a dutiful uncle, blew the bellows. \--? ' The strains came. As a rule — I'm not an organist myself, and I may be Svi$ng, — the largest pipes produce the lowest sounds, and the. thinnest pipes the shrillest. Nothing oE the kind! ?with Philip's Organ. It bellowed where it should have sighed, it was gruff when ;it onght to have been tender. The treble register roared and thundered like a foundry in full blast, the bass notes i twittered and chirped like a nest of ^sparrows. It had dropped -the middle register out of the keyboard, like a ;tooth. Was ever such an unconscion able old Organ ? ? ' ' My dear,' I said to my niece Rosalind, when the medieval captive had breathed his last, and all was peace \- 'again, ' that is a very extraordinary \- instrument ! ' ' 'Philip made it;,' said Rosalind, defiantly, as if it must be perfection on 'that absurd account. She looked nt Philip. He wa3 sitting on the broad window-seat where I used to sit when I ?was a boy. '. ' His elbow leant upon the sill. He rested his head upon his hand and stared absently at the floor, which the morning sunshine had diapered with crimson- and .purple from the stained quarrels over head. Perhaps he was pondering on the theory of -the Eternity «f Sound, and wondering if such tones as ho had made that instrument liable to produce were ? likely to go on through Spaoc for un counted cycles to come ? Or perhaps he , was thinking about Rosalind ! 1 ' I saw her eyes settle and rest on Jiiin, sitting unconscious there, as the eyes ef n loving woman look upon the man of her heart. I saw a lovely fliisti rise in her checks and dye her sweet white throat into crimson like the color on the sido of a sun-bitten peach. I srw her. bosom rise and fall to the time of her quickened broathiug, as his. eyes lifted, and met her own and tvlcl tluir secret tenderly to hor. ' What did I do ? if. I did a thing which should bring upon me the condemnation of evory well regulated person : I remembered that / had been yonng ouce — I went away and loft them together.' ?Ojiaptek' XVI. THE JOURNAL ? CONTINUED. '.; ' I found Mrs. Kavanagh in the garctai. Hoell lirinnilow was with- her. She was cutting roses, the hardy yellow roses that blow late and linger on till the ?November frosts. Hoell held her basket. On his face was the pleased, bright, almost boyish, expression that softens theliuea of pain and discontent, and alters it so agreeably, when ho is in her com pany, or within sight of her and sound of her voice. '?' Me loadi a retired life up at his old 'ghost-hutch,' as he humorously torms the Manor House But for his extra ordinary taste for, and indulgence in, dre33, one might say, a hermit- like life. At first sight I was hardly disposed to like Hoell Briunilow, but I confess he has gained upon me since. I fancy that I can discern in that strange mixture of contradictions, elements of tenderness, nobility and self- devotion. Even what I was harshly disposed to condemn ns ilippnnt trilling with the gravity of his own. affliction, now presents itself to me in another light ; the light of a courageous determination to mnkc tho best of life as a bad job ; to yield to no temptation to relapse into sour morosc no33 or sullen despair, but to keep, as far as possible, a sturdy heart in a frail, stricken body — to the end. ' I see him in this altered aspect now. Thanks to Mrs. Kavanagh, who first opened my eyes, who first showed me tho true nature of the man. ' Where is Rosalind ?' she asked, as I joined them. (Rosalind always before everything, with this anomalous step mother.) ? ' 'In ths musio room,' 1 answered dexterously avoiding any reference to Sir. Philip iu uiy reply. / ' My sister-in-law looked at inc. I ycturned the look with as much uncon sciousness as I could muster. ' 'Alone V she questioned. ' 'I believe not ; I beliovo that Sir Philip Lidyard ? ' ' Mi'3. Kavanagh's serene brow bo came a little ruffled. '''It is dnmp up thorn,'* sho said, anxiously : ' damp and cold; even in this warm wo.ithor.' She moved from us towards (he honsc. {To it wntinucd.) 