How to Read the Bible. BY THE ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY. \ An address delivered at the'Polytechnic Yoiin Men's Christian ' Institute, Regent-street, o: Sunday afternoon, February 15, 1891. Slight! abridged. ; " Holy men of God spake as they, were moved ty th Holy Ghost."-ST. PETER i.,21. I want to speak to you upon the last words c tho chapter that was read to you, though the are not exactly the words that St. Peter wrote, a those of you wei} know who look, in your revise version. The words are, " Holy men of Go spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. What it was that St. Poter more exactly said w shall see presently, but the subject on which want to speak to you is, how to acquaint "yoíu selves with what they said ; in short words, HOW TO READ THE BIBLE." Apparently, a very simple subject, but I COE fess I think it a very difficult one.. You busy mei you want to spend your minutes-your ver minutes-to the best advantage, and when yo have read half a chapter or a chapter, and do nc see exactly how to bring it to bear,"o what it has to do with you ; what some narrativ of Old Testament history, or even something I the New Testament has to do with you, some thing spoken by such very far-off people to other so very far away. The exercise begins to be fe! first as an exercise, and then to be rather dry, an not entering into life. And I am afraid it is to true that by many who mean well the habit i given up.. Now I really_think that when the habit is eve: given up, it is. for. not knowing how to read th Bible. I do not believe that anyone who know how to read the Bible could ever give it ur I know that they would find constant, increas ing interest, and life, and power, and doligh in it, and I do not believe that , anyone wh knows how to read it would ever run into an; danger of giving it up. So I am not going t speak to you at all this afternoon about Christiai evidences, or evidences for the Bible, the proof that it is the word of God, the proofs that it i what it professes to be ; but just to say. a very fe^ simple words upon the system upon which t read it, and the main, prevailing, ruling though with which' to read it. That is what I mean b; how, to road the Bible-upon what system, ani with what sort of thought. - j And I do not think it is necessary that I shouli say to any one single person here that they shouh open the Bible and should -begin to read it witl reverence, because whatever claims, to reverenci any great object of the past has, the Bible ha more. '.' , " Now, I think the first hindrance to reading thi Bible is that PEOPLE THINK IT IS A BOOK. " Book " is a real misnomer for this which I hole in my hand. It is a library, and the word bible which we apply to it doos not mean a single book but it originally means books, a collection oi books; and the old name for Bible was "Tht Library." Just consider-it must be a library It is not a book. Think how it began to be written, how the first part of it was written 150C year3 before Christ, how the last book writter was perhaps written two or three years before the close of the first century. So it went on for above 1600 years, and the books that are contained in this library, printed now in so small a compass these book s went on being written, dotted along a whole history extending for at least 1CÜ0 years, But you have not got to the antiquity when you have said that. For they contain extracts and fragments of books infinitely older-we know not how much older-so much older that we have in it the ve: y first portions of the very first books that ever were written by mankind. Now then, let me ask you, is there anybody who would go to a shelf of books in a library by so many different authors, extending over 1600 years,and upon such different subjects, and in so many "styles-tell me, whether anybody would think that the way to profit by .that shelf of books was to pull down volume after volume, and read a few words in it, and think that every word that was in it, and every word that he read in any ¿ne of the volumes was calculated to do him good at that particular moment, and open his books and read and put thom back again, not inquiring or knowing anything about the authors, about the state of the world at the time they were written, about the people to whom they were addressed, about the localities in which they were written, about the antiquities, 'the manners and customs that were prevalent, i about the laws under which the people lived? You would say at once that that was futile; that was not the way to use any shelf of books, that was not the way to make it available. But, dear friends, that is what most people do-at least, what a very great number of people with the Bible. It is not very laborious, . IT IS NOT VERY VOLUMINOUS, to have what will entirely change sort of view as with a magician's wand, and make the books live and breatho to anybody. He must first possess himself of a chronological chart. He would have a sheet, a single sheet, in which all the events that are described would bo just put in order, and all th«? authors' names men tioned in their proper places. Then he would want a map; and in these daya, of course, ' would take every possible opportunity of lookii at the endless photographs and endless drawin of tho things that have come down: to us. Ai best, he would got some small volume, _ye: abuudant now-say a volume of the Cambrid« Bilde-containing clear, distinct, learned, and y most plairly expressed things within everyone grasp upon particular author, particular book, 01 of this great shelf of tho statesmen, the apostle and the prophets, which he wanted to read. At giving but a little time every day, he would soc have a systematic knowledge of the -outside the book that he wants to study ; and if he cloi not know the outside of it, it will be very difficu for him to get at the inside. "Well, now then, this library, as we say, grei and St. Peter tells us in this verso how it grei Ho tells us much better in his own words ths our own common version tells us. He sai that it was not clone by the will or purpose < man, but that "holy men of God spake as the were moved by the Holy Ghost." Now, I wi give you exactly what he says. First of all, 1 does not use the word "holy/' - Of course/thc were holy men as a rule, but it doe3 not happe that in this place St. Peter uses the word. Ii stead of it, the original texts, when we come I study them in the earliest manuscripts, show i that there was "another word in tho - tex Instead of the word " agioi " whic means " holy," there was tho' word "apo which means "from," and then the woi "men" is put, in the original in pn cisely the-most emphatic place in which it conl bb placed. It is not put just before the verb, bi it is put the last word in the sentence. So thi what : St. Peter really does tell us-and this : full of light upon the library-is this,-that it w£ not done by the will of man, but that, being born along by the Holy Spirit, . .THERE SPAKE, FROM GOD, MEN, That is the word he lays stress on. He laj stress upon, the humanity of those booke. The were meant for men, and therefore they wei spoken by men-men illuminated,' lifted u] This gives us at once the grandest" footing fe that which some people .shrink from, an are afraid of, but what no real student, c thoughtful pupil,, should be 'afraid of-criticisn It says to you, take the books and examine ever point of them. Look, compare, know all you ca about the past, know what you can about th times* arid then say for yourselves whethe Isaiah was not speaking from, God ; say whethe you think a Jew in his age spoke alone sue words; say whether a nation was moulded an formed-the more you know about the outwar human flesh, and the time and state of things i which they wore written, the more you will knoi that the men who spake were being moved, swep on, borne along by tho Holy Spirit. THE GREAT THING IS that you may be so too. The reason that the; did this was that the same Holy Spirit shoul move you along in heart, and. life, and_, spiril The same spirit that made them what they were that made them speak as they did, should, b; God's blessing, make you live. ^.Here, in this ver passage, what "needs bë afraid of criticisiri, who: it is criticism that brings out the meaning of thea words and' the lessons of these words ? \- And-then,, again, it is notonly about the langu age, but it. is upon thé characters of the peopí that/wei. are tp. exercise our Christian judgriient judgment iUumiñated' by "äll that we can tak< in about the character from any sourci whatever. They are saints that are de scribed 5 they are heroes that are described But SAINTS AND HEROES ARE MEN still, and there, are no saints yet. There has onh lived one Being since the world begän, there ha* only livod one Who was a universal model. Then was one person-some people are fond of takin; up the phrase, there was a man after God's owi heart-and they point to his great crime Well, what a wooden way of looking at it. H< was a man after God's own heart when tba was said. Ho was a man after God's 6wi heart in much' of his life. And when th« man after God's own heart-when we reac of him that his heart has lifted up, that ho ii drawn aside, that he has an awful fall; well, ii is only God's word, it is only the word writter I by raen, moved by the Holy Spirit, that woulc toll you all about him. And now' that you know rall about him, judge him if you like, judge him at much as you will, judge him on the scriptures, judge him, and i when you have judged him you will not have judged him half so bitterly as he', judged himself. What you say> oi what you " think about him will be no thing compared with . the-power ; that " the '51st - Psalm . of repentance has exercised over. thousands upon thousands of sinners and penitents since bis time. You sadly miss the lesson if it only appears to you that there is 'whiteness on the one side and blackness on the other. If I am conveying to you what I wish to convey, it is this : It is not that every word as it stands is a word straight* to you; but it is a much finer thing, much grander; and, as regards you arid your upward progress, it comes to exactly the same thing, only by a more glorious way. , I ask you, then, to use the simple means that are at your disposal to clothe with flesh and blood allthat you can read in this library about the past ; that first of all you should learn what waa said of them, what was Baid by them, and then, when you have mastered that, say to your self : Now, in my different circumstances, WHAT IS THAT TO ME ? My friends, you will not find that an unin teresting business. It is a matter of proportion ; it is what I may call a double rule of three. Such and such things were said to So:and-so under such circumstances;" now then, to me in my cir cumstances what is the thing said ? That is tho answer to the double rule of three sum. A was said to B in C circumstances ; now I am D, and under E circumstances, what does that analogy bring out as being said to me ? All life is interpretation. lithe Bible were constructed upon that other system, and not upon this By stem, it would bea perfectly isolated thing. It would not be a part of life, ifc would not be a part of human life at all. And when it drops out of a man's life so that he does not want to read it, or that he does not go on reading it because he I does not want to, though he feels he ought, it is because he doesi not know that it is part of his 1 life, and/to be dealt with like the whole life which God has given bim. j And will anybody tell me that the thin gs th at seem most romote from us have not j ! A DAILY APPLICATION TO US ?" ' Begin at the beginning-Noah building tho ark. Is there nobody who has to go on ; is there no carpenter who has to go on day after day, ham mering for years and years, and having nothing but ridicule of his high principles and his hopes] nothing but blasphemies poured into his ears ? Job's patience-you are smitten down with those awful afflictions, deprived of everything that is dear. Then the more readily may we walk in the steps of such a man. David's sorrow is spoken of. You do not live in a religious system which tells you that tho noblest offering you could make is the offer ing of your oldest Eon to God upon an altar, and you are so devoted to God and to what you have hitherto believed to bo the highest and noblest thing that you take your dear lad two days* journey, and are ready to offer him up, only to be stopped by God himself ! Of course, you think, there is the old ritual of Syria being glori fied and lifted np out of its baseness and barbar ism; into the full nobleness of, Abraham ! But we cannot leave chat, can we, and not think what ought to bo our attitude and mind if it pleased God to takeaway a dear child ? We cannot read that, can we, and try to translate it into the life I have described without feeling that in tho midst of .God's most terrible . judgments, and even punishments, there is a mercy, and a love, and a tenderness which is meant to bloom out in other souls than ours, even though it does not bloom out till we have passed into another world ? And when we have done this, and practised that a little while, we have got what I should like to call the point of view, we have got THE POINT OP VIEW OÍ» THE BIBLE ; we have got how to lookat it^^diiistories. You know everything depends on the» point of view. All that is perplexing and bewildering falls into its place if only you get the right point of view. ; Well, now we are. come to ono thing, which is, I think, the principal one. The principal thing that carries conviction to the hearts that feel it to be the word of God; the principal thing, I think, for reflecting minds that have come to that conclusion for themselves, is this, that though it went on being written age after ago, and by people in such different positions, and of such different characters, the point of view throughout, is the same. Those men were moved, says St. Peter, by tho Holy Spirit, the Spirit of God. They spôko from God. They were not moved, that is to say, by the spirit of the world. No thinker can think that, tor they gave up, many and many Of them, ali that the world holds dear just in order to l o free to "speak. And again, they were not moved by the spirit of fanaticism, for as St. Paul says himself-his words, if there are any words in the world that are so-his words are words of truth and soberness, and so again he says. "God has not given us tho spirit'of fear, "bub of power, and of love, and of a sound mind." No, it is not the spirit of the world, neithor is it thé spirit which is most opposite to the spirit of the world, the spirit of fanaticism; it is the Spirit of God. , Now I want just to leave off with this, that the same spirit which taught them to speak ' WILL "MOULD US TO LIVE. The same spirit which spoke in Isaiah-oh, what a heritage it is, what a nobility is ours-the same spirit that moved Isaiah to those utterances will help every one of us along the daily round of Our letter writing, or our hard work, our corre spondence, or our keeping of accounts, or what ever may be our task, down to the very humblest -the same spirit is ours. But mark you, this is the only library of which you can say that the point of view is unchanged. Look at the poet Homer. Why there is not a single point in which we look at society, though he traced men and women exactly as they aro now, the point of view is not in any single respect the same as it is now. What was the great Homer's opinion of God ? And look at ours. And consider that our idea bf God is the same as you road backward and backward through all the library; And sin-there is no notion of sin inthoio old writers, no, not even in the philosophers. They talk of mistakes and wanderings, and things that' will not lead you right. But tho idea of sin as the great, power which has posses sion of men-the only, power to remove which is described. in ': those hymns "which you sang so heartily just before-that is an idea which you find nowhere else ; the idea which you find in every soul of yours, and you find it from the vory beginning of the library down to the end. And you see again THE PERPETUAL STRENGTHENING OP THE MORAL VIEW, just like the early sunlight, so the view of morality gets higher and higher as we read the Bible forwards, beginning at the be ginning'; so that things which were possible and allowable in the far past, when men's hearts were ? hardened, before the whole light of day shone upon them, they becomo to us impossible. The greatest advance of all, though perpetually on the same lines, ÍB this : The wonderful advance from commandments, to principles ; the wonderful advance from the commandments, "Thou shalt not do this', thou shalt not do that; if you do tho penalty is death," to the way which Jesus Christ speaks to us and says our righteousness must exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees, because the life that he deals with, the life to which he gives no commandments, but simply PRINCIPLES, WHICH MAKE THE INNEE LIFE, which, dear friends, is the only life. . As soon as the library had reached that point, had brought home to mankind that the inner Jue I was the "only life, and that .it is not by precepts .we ate to live, but by principles-then the library had done its wprk. .. And we, who 'are only.begin-; ning it, we, age after age, are expected of God to eoe more and more the truth,, the .perfectness of tho divine law written within, the power of at tainment which is given to us, .and the duty of forming in this world, the duty of being in this world, a society whose members-whatever elso^ may be their allotted work-a society whose members have this before them all, to spread that power, to reflect that light, to live, in short, by tt.o self-same spirit that bore along those men who spake to us from God, and yet were men. ; i. 