HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 17th, 1842, the good ship ' Mary Compton,' of Bristol, Eng land, was struggling ivith a foarf'al gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew fur iously, but the weather was dear, and tbo Captain expectod every moment to got sig-Iit of tho lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to tho harbour. Once there, and they wore safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the b 1 1 i p struck, with a Tearful shock and went to pieces. Four meu, inducting tho Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they fouud a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound hire hand and foot and ex tinguished tho light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in thu world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit. ' You aye beyond human aid.' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting- that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No; for he might be wrong — and in any case he bad no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June 1889 she was greatly alarmed by' her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and; she was so giddy she could scarcely stand.! Her head whirled ' and,' she said, 'all ob-l jects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had! to hold herself up or sit down for; fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although: cold as death. A droadthl cough rackad her; frame so that see could not lie down in bed and sleep. 'I could scarcely crawl about the houso,'i she says, ' I was so weak. 1 tried different! remedies and without avail. I went to the) Dispensary at New Briggatu and asked the doctor to tell me the worst, His answer! was, ' I have mixed 'you some medicine ; you can take ft or leave it. I took it for three; weeks, then gave up in despair. j ' I talked with two other physicians.! Tho last one said, ' You are past human aid.', ' My heart sank within rno, for I bad fiv'e: little children, and my death would leave' them without a mother's love and care. I1 went home and cried till I was sick I had; no appetite and bad lost flesh until I was as thin as a ghost I my mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a' green and yellow colour, and when I- ate anything it' seems to stick to my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was .tinged with blood. Onco I began to vomit (it nine o'clock on a Suturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. 'At this time I remembered that Mrs Wil son, with whom I formerly worked in Cow ford's Mill, in oast Street, Leeds (where I lived), had boon cured by Mother Seigol's Curative Syrup. So I scut to Mr Jeeson's the chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting' and by degrees from day to day I felt better, soon I could eat a dry crust, and by tho time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before .in my life. . _ ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was ont of work and we had a trifle coming in from his elub, but I thank God I did get it at last, »nd it cored me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to. any letters of enquiry.' (Signed), Mr» Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dys pepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother* Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 