TH E RIGHT SORT' ROMANCE OF THE SHIRES. Ba Mae. EDWARD KENNAtRD, CHAPTER XX.-PREPARINuG FOR THELADIES' STEEiPLECIASE. Thus, varied by hunting, heaztburningsg sport, petty jealousies, and gossip, time glided by, until at length the eventful day arrived on which that source of infinitely more mixed pas sions, the ladies'steeplechase, was to be decided. It had been settled for a Tuesday, and though supposed to be a profound secret, the knowledge of its taking place had somehow leaked out. The comparatively early hour of one o'clock was definitely fixed for the start, several far.seeing individuals declaring that in any attempt to bring the jockeyesee to the post a considerable delay was sure to arise, partly through their inexperience, but still more through the difli culties of the fair competitors in arranging the exigencies of toilette to their satisfaction. The kind old Earl, who had thoroughly entered into 1 the spirit of the thing from first to last, had signified his intention of entertaining the riders and their friends, when the race was over, to a sumptuous luncrh, .immediately after whiob s the cup would be presented to the fortunate winner amid all the formal pomposity of speech- making and health-drinking. The morning luckily broke fair and still, Soft grey clouds filled the sky, swept gently onwards by a mild south-westerly breeze. It had rained fast during the night, leaving each blade of grass and faded russet leaf trembling under the silvery weight of the crystal burden imposed on it, every one of which shone like a c sparkling gem as the pale face of the sun struggled bravely gut from amongst the misty shroud encircling it, while those hardy birds who scorned to forsaketheirstorm-swept home n for milder climes, lured by the genial atmo- v sphere, strutted about the moist roads, head on one side, seeking here and theroeprecarious live lihood with a cheerfulnessandan activitywhich seemed to say, "After all, there's no place like e old England. Our companions are fools to fly e away." Poor little creatures; when they eat . shivering and shaking under the 'cold,.. cruel b snow, perhapti ey told a differentifale: but to-' d day, at least, they were happy. Kate felt very joyous and pleasantly excited asn she and Mary Whitbread drove out to the rendezvous. She had arranged with Colonel' Clinker'to be on the spot early, in order that they might walk round he course together, and they found him, s ccompanied by Mr. M'Grath, and Mr. Grahame, already awaiting their arrival. A u ponsiderable number of spectators had as assembled, making it clear the much-talked.of privay could not possibly be maintained in face of the interest evidently aroused, on all sides. The.sporting element was, bf course, presentin full, scarcely a man or a woman from amongst its ranks being missing, while the Foxington t tradespeople. accompanied by their wives and daughters, who appeared much intereeced, had turned out in force. Even the itinerant gipsy It was represented by a stout party in a blue b skirt and tartan shawl, who went about singing atrocious songs in a still more atrocious voice, n insisting on telling fortunes to people who had no anxiety to hear them. Colonel Clinker and his companion were victims not likely to escape h their most favourable predictions. " Cross my hand, aretty lady, with a silver saxpence," the woman said to Kate with whin- C ug insistence. ' It will bring yer luck5.noth t ing but lack." " Get away. my good soul, don't you see t you're bothering the lady," said Colonel b Clinker, fearing she might annoy the girl. "Not I," answered she, with instruasitecon. fidence. "'The lady has a good kind heart of her own behind that sweet face, but the poor b gipsy can see what's in it. There are clouds, and darknesses, and crossings, but the fair gentleman with tbo blue eyes stands out clear among them all. The end will be marriage. t, Oh, yes, the poor gipsy woman knows. h "For heaven's sake let us come," said Kate turning suddenly scarlet, and snatching her hand away from the other's detaining grasp. "I never listened to such nonsense in my life." "Nonsense, is it?" called the woman after them indirnantly. "The fair gentleman's eyes are full of love, le does not call what I say r onsense, at any rate." ' .'How horribly vulgar these people are to be r sure," said Kate, feeling intensely.exasperated a at what she chose to consider the gipsy's im iertinence... "Never mind," said her companion, with. suppressed emotion. " Don't allow yourself to be annoyed at her forecasts. Come with me and have a look at the fences instead, or you will be running out of the course, which would never do." i She felt grateful to him for covering her con fusion, and incensed with herself for having displayed any. What a poor weak fool she was, to be sure! Had Mr. M'Grath been her com. panion, the woman's prophecies would have g produced no further impression than the ordi. nary clap-trap jargon of the profession. All she could hope was that Colonel Clinker did a not attribute her vexation to its right cause. a They started together on a tour of inspection, a followed by Mary Wnitbread and Mr. Gra hame. Colonel Clinker, on whose shoulders the entire management had fallen, had spared n neither.time uor trouble in rendering the course h as perfect as possible. It was beautifully h marked out with rows of little white flags, b placed at such close distances that it looked next to impossible for the riders to make any o wrong detour, while the run-in was corded on either side with stout ropes, leading in a direct lineto the winniing-poet, which stood up, tall' and unmistakable, close to the judge's im provised box. Starting at the farthest end of a large grass field, in full view of the assembled company, f the course first led somewhat uphill over very severe ridge-and-furrow, at the top of which a good honest fence with a ditch and low guard. rail on the take off side barred the entry into the opposite field, which, though bigger in' dimeni'ons, was far more level and very sound going. After this it ran across a sticky ploughcd enclosure, which Colonel Clinker had I nut been able to avoid; then over a small double, leading once more into grass, and later on, in arid out a road carefully laid with tan. A rather sudden turn to the right here re vealed the water-jump. This was a small natural brook, or rather - so steep 'and crumbling were its banks-a species of gully, with bushed-up hurdles, set in a slanting direc tion leaning over it, and the whole Width could not have measured much more than some ten to twelve feet across. Any ordinary 'hunter onght with ease to clear such an obstacle in his stride; but Colonel Clinker had purposely re frained from making it larger, actuated by all sorts of visions of dripping female forms and broken backs. After the water jump came ' three or four more fair fldying fences that each required a bit of doing without being very for midable. These completed a good-sized ring, and the last obstruction would land the com petitors in the same field up whose slopes they had started. Altogether it looked a good fair course, such as no animal used to followfmg hounds should find dificult to encompass. Kate 1 and Colonel Clinker carefully critised each fence, choosing beforehand the best spot for lumping. and this was the verdict they unani. mously pronounced. The ground also was in beautiul order, neither to hard nor yet too deep. As they walked round together Colouel Clinker proceeded to give Kate a variety of ad vice as to what she should not do in the forth. coming race, all of which she listened to most attentively, and determined on following to the "est of her ability. "Directly the fliag drops, Miss Brew~ser," said he, "be sure and let your horse have his 'herd. A good start in a three-mile race is not of such paramount importance as in a five fur long scramble, still it is by no means to be des pised. There's nothing like beginning well. It gives a horse confidence in his rider, and tells him he means going- But directly you got on to the ridge.and.furrow, take a good pull and make King Olaf go well within himself. Never mind being last of the whole lot, especially if you only feel yourself to be so on sufferance, and can regain your lost position at auny momentyou please. Nothing takesso much out of a horse as pushing him fast up an incline at starting, before he has warmed to his work and got his pipes all clear. Steady him at the first fence; thebo chances are he will want to rush, and might overjump himself in his eager ness. Very probably you may find by then that you have the lega of meeost of your com panions, but don't oin any account force the running so early in the day. Don't bustle King Olaf until you get fatrly through the plough. If after that he is still going strong and well, and ulillingtolerably hard, you may begin to forge aheadi a bit. Iremember up to this point you have to ride a waiting race, and lot any one else lead the way who likes. Drop your hands when you come to the double, and whatever you do, don't go fast at it. Give King Olaf a full opportunity of understanding what is before him.. It's the nastiest fence of the lot. and the only one I am at all afraid of, especially with an impetuo~e horse. The same rnle applies equally to the jumps at the road; take them steadily. Horaos often jump the fence out carelessl?, so be on your guard. So far we have hrought you alongcapitally. 'lak? a good hold of his head. and set King Olaf as fast as you plUase at thea water jump. le'll dear it by yards, I know beforehand, but if you can remember, keep close to the white fls orio "Pilbliseo bisy arsengesies with Ward. Lock sad Ce. your right. The banks theroare both nmrrower and £rmer than in any other place; besides, you get the inside turn, and will gain several lengthsby so doing. And now sendyour horse along in downright earnest. Nine-tenths of amateur riders throw away the race by waiting too long, and not coining soon enough. Then they get flurried, lose their heads, and all is over with their chance of winning. By this time the rif)-raff will either have tailed off or come to grief; anyhow, you will know pretty well which areyour most dengerous remaining opponents. If you fndyou have them fairly settled, come straight away over the two last fences and past thepost, hands down. but if it comes to a contest, keep cool and collected and do the beat you can. I foretell a perfect triumph to our party," concluded the Colonel, drawing a deep breath of satisfaction in antici pation of this desired result. After a momen. tary pause he appeared, however, to recollect it was just possible there might exist a reverse side to the picture, and be added in calmer accents: "On the other hand, should any mishap occur-though I devoutly trust not-or should you by any chance find King Olaf is blown, for God's sake pull him up there and then. You have ridden a beaten horseonce too often as it is, and there's no use in struggling on to the end under such circumstances. And now I have given you enough instructions to fill a asall volume. I don't suppose when the I time comes you will remember one-third of f " Oh yes, I hope so, answered Kate confi dently. "But when I listen to such excellent c advice it really m'akes me feel as if I were obtaining a mean advantage over my neigh. t bours, and as if they, too, ought to have the opportunity of profiting by it. It hardly appears fair my accepting so many valuqble hints." " Most of them don't require any aid. There's Mrs. Forrester, who knows quite as much, if n not more, than I do myself; Mrs. Paget, who t would never understand what one wished to convey; and Miss Palliser, who would be mortally offended by any advice. No, I am perfectly satisfied, and shall be quite content if c enly my pupil will promise to obeytho orders of hr trainer. The question is," looking at I her somewhat anxiously, for though as a rule his own nerve was steady as a rock, it broke r down hopelessly under the strain of the possible c chapter of accidents which this race exposed e Kate Brewserto, "will she promise?" f " Of course she will," she answered readily. "That is to say, unless circumstances over t which she has-no control decide otherwise, I a shall ride implicitly to orders, like a six-stone nothing boy. Does that satisfy you" " " I shan't be really satisfied," said he ner- ai vdusly, "'until I see you and King Olaf canter- a ing in ahead of everything else." n "Yowdreadfully ambitious man! And what if your pupil. disappoints your expectations after alli r" . "She will not. Ihave every. confidence:is a the ability of herself and. horse. Nevertheless, a I wish to gnodnessthe thinag was well over." f She had never seen him so anxious and rest less, or his calmmanner so disturbed.. Could t tl be possible.thbat he wasa coward it heart? But ti no, she knew better. p "What's the matter with you?" she said; " are you trying to make ime afraid ?" I "God forbid! But I can't help it. I'm o horriblyafraid myself." . "And so-am I," chimeldin poor Miry Whit bread, who in spite of the pleasure of Mr. T Grahame's- society was white as a sheet and t trembling from top to-toe. " What nonsense !" said Kate lightly. "You two talk as-if you expected me to be brought t back on a strejcher.. ibegleave to tate I have. b not the smallest intention of departing this h life." "Please don't hint at such a horrible possi- E bility, Kate," said Miary fearfully. g " I shall turn up again, never fear. I'm not t a bit afraid, and I won't be frightened.- So t there!" She said these words with such de. f termination as to silence her companions, while I her tightly-set lips and the resolute expression b of her countenance betokened a firm resolution s not eaaily shaken. i But now time was progressing, so they ad- 1I journed to the paddock, where Kling Olaf had G just put in an appearance.. Oil Stirrup walked t by the side of-the horse, and led him proudly. I round and round, while ever and again his p rugged face lit up. with aa smile of triumph, f when some such admiringiremark as, "'Ee'e a good 'un 'oee is." "There- goes the winner," g etcetera, fell:upon his.ear. And indeed KingR Olaf fully deserved the flattering encomiums n heapeed .pin him by the public at large, for in. p the last three weeks Colonel Clinker had takena great pains-with his co .ditioning, and short as a the time had been, hadi effected a considerable 1 improvement in his-appearance. As King Olaf walked jauntily by, swinging his tail from side y to side, moving with that light springy siep a peculiar to him, he looked a perfect beauty, I and so sleek, gentle, and docile, few would have given him credit for possessing such high e, courage and daring. His mano had been c?re- si fully plaited that morning by Kate's own white C and nimble little fingers, and his whole appear ance was that of a racehorse. True be seemed j a trifle lighterin the barrel than he had done r a mouth ato, but then what flesh be now A carried was hard and firm as a board while the g muscles on his strong arms and thighs could almost have been counted. Colonel Clinker n had given himihis last gallop, and knew the i borse to be not only fit and. well in himself, y blut also in all probability (though still of oourie but imperfectly trained) in a far better t state of condition than any adversary he would be called upon.to meet.. He- entertained small fears of King Olaf, his.chief anxiety being on p Kate's account. ITe called up all sorts of. imaginary dangers, and rendered himself quite b miserable in their contemplation. She might n fall, she might be cannoned against, she might h be jumped upon, shemight notebe able to hold r King- Olaf, she might even be dragged and f killed outright.. There were no cund to oni anxieties, which grew in intenaity as the hour t drew nigh, until they became almost unbear- n able. I "Swear to take care of yourself," he whis- s pored in KIate's ear as. she disappeared in the': dressing-room. The colour had almost for- i saken his cheeks- and his voice trembled with 1 emotion. "Dear-me,.how timid, we are to be sure!" she exclaimed flippantly, trying to resist the I impression- he produced, .-but the evident interesthe tooekn her welfare touched her in spite of herself, and prompted her almost invol untarily to hold out her hand. He graspedrjt warmly, .andahe added with a little reassuring nod- 1 "Au revoir, my revered pastor and master. Cast away allfear as unworthy both ef us. I tell you everything will be right. Your pupil has not the smalleet intention of disgracing I either herself or you'n ". ." • - • And then she vanished behind the heavy folds of the red curtain concealingr the doorway, and" left him to think what an idiok he was, and yet how imposeible it was to help being one where shabe was concerned. "She's a veritable sorceress. a witch, an enchantrese, and I am her atlave!" reflected Jack Clinker, as he wound his way to the paddock in order to superintend the saddling of Kihg Olaf. "I wish to God I were a rich man, I'd ask her to marry me to.morrow, not that I expect I should have the ghost of a chance. 'There are some women one feels sure of, but she is full of contradictiona-charming one minute, cold the next,. made up of variety ; tanotalising, sarcastic, lovable, and delightful by turns, but not the sort of girl to let a fellow think she cares two straws about him, whether she does-or not. WVell, for my part Ilike such women. Eissy oonquests lack piquancy, and nothing good in this world it to be obtained without troubler delay, and striving. All the same, I· wish she were notso damnably rich. It makesa man look like a fortune hunter, and no one giv-s-him credit for disinterested nafoc tion. If I proposed to Ilise Brewser. kind friends would say I cared only for her money. Heigh-ho ! It's nncomanon hard lines, in more ways than one, beinir a pauper, or next door to it. A.chap's obhlged to stick to his bachelor habits when alt the income he oossesaes barely uficesto pay his cigar and flower bills, ani yet, upon mv soul. I'm getting awfully sick of single hleesselness I" While awaiting Kate's reappearance he pur chased a card, and looking over it found there were but six horses coloured, namely, Lady Anno Birkett's brown gelding, HIastings, aed, pedigree sunknown; yellow and black atripe, yvcllow cap. Ltrs. Forreiter's Singing Bird. by Muriclian out of Lightheart:; scarlet, scarlet and-black cap. Mrs. Paget's grey gelding, Duneanr Groy, aged, pedigree unknown; choco late,. pink sleeves and cap. itiss Brewser's chestnut geldiag, King Olaf, by Norseman out of Ice 3raiden. six years old; sky blue and I gold. Mrs. PhIpp's black horse, Black Anster, Iaged, by Historian, dam unknown; cherry, yellow band: and Miss Palliser's bay maure. 'Coquatte, fir years, by the Beanu out of Scandal. "H'm." said Colonel Clinker, whonukate re entered the paddock in all the glories of her racing kit. "'Out of that lot we may miss two ;-Hastinsgo and Duncan Grey-straight away. Poor old Hiastings is a long seight tois far goga iuthe forelegs to take io steeplechasiig as ei Samusement in hia declining years. I should Snot be at all surprised if he did not even get Sround the course. As for Duuncan Grey, he'se a u slow, lumbering brute, who can't gallop faster Sthan you can ksck a hat along. Hle's no more use than a headac!le, and though a fairly good fencer will not prove veryformidsable. Singing r Bird is a well-bred animal and the'lest of Mrs. , Forrester's lot, but with that lady's- mania for I purchasing cheap oats and mixing them with a all sorts of experimental articles of food,- I very f much doubt her ability to stay. Nevcetheless, though not in the~reme street with King. Olaf, [ it won't do to estimate Singing Bird's chance r toolightly. To begin with, as a four- y-r.-old r she takes the alloawnce, and, secondly, the esr vices of so experienced a sportswoman as MIs. iorrester will add many pounds more in' her' favour, so that altogetherwe must regard the pair as decided adversaries, Mrs.Forrester will ride a waiting race throughout, in order that if the hare comes to grief, she, as a tortoise, may profi by the occurrence. She will take ad= vantage of the smallest' error any of you commitreand won't go over a yard of unneces sary ground. In fact, so highly do I estimate Mrs. Feroester's chance, that were there any betting on the transation shnc should certainly carry all myplace money. Having disposed of her, we next arrive at Black unreter. I know him well of old as a rare good hunter, bus alas ! possessed with that not infrequent infirmity shortness of breath. At the firsatoymptom eof a tussle this little defect in his respiratory organs will interfere with his powers of winning, and in my opinion annihilate them altogether. And now we come to Miss Palliser's-Coquette-a dark animal, of whom neither I nor'unyone else know anything-purchased, I fancy, purposely for this occasion, and pretty sure to -be danger ons; so much so, indeed, that I hear she has backed herself to win for fifty pounds. All I can say is, I devoutly hope she may lo.e. How ever, I advise you to keep a sharp look out on that objectionable female's movements, for she is capable of anything, and if I mistake not already owes you a grudge." " Me ? " exclimed Kate, innocently. " What have Idone to offend her, pray ?" " Youmay well ask that question. Nothing, unlesa It be you have ridden a trifle too hard in the hunting-field to please her majesty." " Oh ! she's that sort of woman, is she ?" " Very much that sort of woman, So be extremely careful how you give her a chance of i cannoning or knocking you out of the course." " Really ! I always looked upon Miss Palliser as a very harmless personage." "And thereby displayed your intense igno- I rance. She's anything but harmless. On the " contrary, she's exceedingly mischievous and i exceedingly jealous.. However, forewarned is I forearmed." " If you inveigh in such strong terms against I the lady, I shall begin to suspect that you are a disappointedswain," said Kate saucily. . "A disappointed swain, indeed ! echoed he, laughing heartily. " That is capital, but your r ouroises are' by no means correct. For many. as have been' the passages of arms 'between' myself and Miss Palliser, any interchanges at e a tenderer nature have'been left out in the cold altogether: It will have to be a very long bow, 1 shot. by her ancient.,band, that succeeds in sendiog.ad/rt into ?p' hieart. -"' 7'/set" with .1 an emphasis on the word, "has been- reserved for someone else to do." e He sent a swiftinquiring glance at Kate, and those clear eyes produced no munch confusion f that she turned her head aside, before, after a t pause, answering coldly: . SYou are enignatical, and metaphorical t language is always'difliult to understand. . I object to.Cupid's weapon, and als) to Cupid r himself, as a young gentleman of erratic and r unsatisfactory manners. But here comes MIrs. Forrester; let us go and hear her ideas on t things in general." I Decidedly Jack Clinker's tender insinuations were not amiably received, and fell harmless to the ground, like is poor wounded, fluttering ,bird, who strives to take wing and soar oil high, and yet who at each endeavour recog nices more and more its utter powerlessness. He was beginning to find it better to stick to generalities, and not attempt a forward policy that was pretty sure to meet with rebuff. He gave no outward expression, however, to his feelings of discomfiture, but advanced to meet Mrs. Forrester with all good grace. Neither he nor Kate could refrain from a broad smile when they viewed the old lady, who, arrayed in a rusty brown skirt, adorned with a huge leather patch at the knee, and a loose scarlet ' Garibaldi, indeedlooked as if she despised all thosdee effects pfodiuced by persohal adornment. Her sharp eyes immediately detected an- ex presaion of amusement on her companions' t faces. " Ah !" she said, " you 're laughing at my get-up, I can see. Never mind, I'm uncom mouly proud of my racing colours. T'ey cost me the large sum of three and threeepnce half .pepny, including the cricketing cap. 1 bought Sremnast of red flannel at tenpencean yard, and consider I did the thing vary econiwminlcly. Now if 1 tumble about the dirt I shan't have any fine clothes to spoil likesome of you smart young people,"with a good-humoured glance at Kate. My' garments will wash, which is more than can be said of yours." " Ah, my dear 'lady, you resemble the in estimable Mrs, Gilpin, who, though' on plea- n sure bent, possessed .a frugal mind," said P Colonel Clinker gallantly. "It's a pity for some people they don't re- t joice in a similar virtue," retorted Mrs. For rester. "If you were to practise economy, Master Jack. for instance, there would be no great harm done." " " And perhaps no great good either. There. h must be some extravagant people in the world, if tonly for the sake of promoting trade. Are you going to win, Mrs. Forrester ?" "I wish I could answer that question. I mean to try." " I was just telling Miss Brewser that you t and Miss Palliser were the. only, two com petitors she need really fear." " I don't count for much, I'm afraid;-.but I 'hear Miss Palliaer has set her heart on win ning, and scoured all over, the country after'as horse to her mind. That's Coquette going by now. Do you see the big mare next to Miss' I Browser's chesnut ? Loo?s like speed." But further conversation was cut short by the mounting of the equentriennes and the marshallingthem forth in proper array. Time had long since been up, andpeople were getting a trifle impatient. at the delay, though had they but realised the difficulties of starting six fair ladies, pulling up their girths, shortening their stirrups, adjusting their habits, and takiog in their curb chains, they might have displayed a greater leniency. However, at length all was ready for a start, and the half dozen Amazons, round whom much interest was' centred, emerged fron the paddock in Indian file: King Olaf and Coquette certainly.carried off the honours in' point of looks. ' This latter proved'a great, big fine upstanding thorough-. bled mare, showing a lot of quality, and as far as appearances went seemed likely to be the chesnut's most formidable opponeut. Singing Bird came next in the public estimnation, but she looked light and. in poor-:onditio". The cdmpetitors now went for their preliminary canter, which called forth '.many comments among the multitude, who freely criticised the ladies' seats and hands. Good-natured Lady Anne, on her dilapidated steed, beasmed with fun and merriment, as if imipelled to impart her own pleasure to those around. Mrs. 'Paget appSeared decidedly nervous and ill at ease, Mrs. Phippe was exceedingly solemniqt and some what out of her element, Mra. Forrester re presented real bueiness, while Miss Pallirer looked grim yet exciredol and Kate resolute. CHAPTER XXI.--TrE RAce ITSEILP. After a little more delay, during which last words of' caution and advice were being whispered into fair eare, th :six horses were got together pretty evenly, and' the flog dropped to a really excellent start. IiT another minute the wholo baltf-dozei cams sweepingby the spectators at a fair pace, all in a cluster, but they had not gone more than a couple of hundred yards or so before it :was curious to watch how first one, and.then anothbr, began to struggle, while the horses' tails bobbed upi and down like those of ducks in'a pond, as they laboured uphill over the trying ridgeand furrow. Poor Duncan Grey rolled about like a ship in a gale of wind, and lost ground at every stride; while the unfortunate M[rs. Pad et, who was inclined to emubonpoint, lusmped painfully to and fro in the saddle. Old Hastings also plodded on with manifest exertion, nid did not appear to be able to go the pace. Meantime Kate, bearing in mind Colonel Clinker's last abomonitions, pulled King Olaf to the rear, much against the gallant elheanut'e will. for he was as keen as mustard,and,thanks to Ids muscular and com pact conformation, glided lightly on and off the top of each ndge with the activity of a young chamois clambering amidst its native rocks.· Singing Bird and black Ans? were botho a head, while Miss Palliser, untouched by any I prudent donsiderstions, and animated by the sole desire of distancing her opponent, was forcing the running, and already held a clear six lengths' lead. InII this ordler they arrived at the first fence, over which they flew without any greeter-m:shap than Hantiogs juismping 'short and briu~inghis hinsd legs down withl a crash on the top of the bin'ers, making a big Rgap by which Dunocsn Grey profited, as lhe swerved half way across the course towards s it, and thereby so displaced poar Mrs. Paget's ienitre of gravity that she was within in ace of a ucltting a voluntary, end was so long before s he recovered her squilobrium us to ocoansion 1 her partisans the greatest anxiety. They' t galloped on bravely enough, the ladies really a cquitting themselves most creditably without r my msterial chanogo taking place in their e respective positions until they came to the next d oabstacl, another flying fence, only with the g ditch this time ca tihe far sbilo. and here s. Haustfp', whose tener hlad probably bcinup. ir set by thie'feel of the thorns at the last' one, h whipped round to the left, and to the intnase y annoyance of their respective owners, indu;ced , Duncan C4rey,very nervou'sly ridden by l-ft3.. I, Paget, todo'tthe same. Tile other four horna' got well ever, and entered. the plough with d nearly a hundred yards' advance of the two \- miscreants. Cqluette by th.is time had still i. further incroased her lead, Singing Bird, r Black Anste.?. and King Olaf,. close together, Sbeing a' good way behind, but when they got I into the deep ground it became evident that f Mis-PAUlisor had been making too much use of the mare, fbr es-e gradually came' back to her horses; and allowed the distance hstween them to diminish to suotl a considerable satent that when they reached the fences in and-out of the Sroad King. Olaf wan almost abreast, with the other two' in immediate attendance. Miss -'?dlliser, irritited at seeing the tria so near, instexl of steadying• Coquette, as shedught to have done, raised hew' whip- hand and gave the marea smart switch. in consequence ef'whlch sheo'Inded too far ints.,the road, and b~andered badly on jumping out,. almost coming down-on her'knees; and throwing Miss Pallisev'well ffrwarde; while Kate, remembering what'she had been told, kept King Olaf firmly in hind', and negotiated the double obstacle beautifully. This littlb episode left hoer the advantage, and enablod"lir not only to live first shy at the water, bht also to choose- the particular spot' Colonel Clinker had advisedd . She gave Kie: Olaf a.littib cheer of encouragement, which sh knew wellof'old, a slight'shbakeo of the bridle, and then set the good horso resolutely at the brook, close to where the' whitt'flag stood on the right-hand side. But' Miss Palliser's jealously was now more than aroused, and in deed hand rapidly become so overmastuering as to dispel any last lingering remnants of pru dence. She called upon poor Coquette, and at the very moment King Olaf took off, came with a tremendous rush at the identical place selected by her rival. The consequence" was, a violent collision occurred in the air, which very nearly upset both horses, and knocked them-all to pieces for the time being. Old Stirrup, with that mystetlous affinity which tells us intuitively were sympathy is to be found, had crept up to Colonel Cinrker's 'ide, and was watching the race with alternate feel ings of pleasure, hope, anxiety, and pride. The latter sentiment' was gaining a debided pre. i dominance when thie event abore alluded to took place. "Dash my buttdas! Did you see that?"he exclaimed, trembling with indignation and excitemedt. "She'did it o' purpus. I teed her with my own eyeeacnd .a more' delibe-ate or disgraceful foul I never witnessed." " Colonel Clinker put down his glasses-for one c second, rubbed :them .hastily with. thdluotner of his silk pocket.h"dndkerchief,:and muttered. between his set teeth. a "Damn that'beast of a womnan! 'Se'a t bigger brute erven theni I thought," ' S"Stirrup.overheard the word andd. knew .that L one person at least shared his virtuous wrath. He had thought well of the Colonel from thest first, but now he went up greatly in his estima tion as an asseumed well-wisher of his beloved mistress. and one who would stick to her throughl thick and thin. By what. however, appeared little short of a miracle, King Olaf and Coquette managed to regain their legs, pfter a scramble, without-any worse catastrophe arising from the encolunter than loss of nosition. Both Singing Bird andB Black Anter:passed them. Nevertheless, King Olaf decidedly escaped the best of the tcri; for thanks to having started first. he received the 'brunt of the shock on his hind quarters, while Coquette, whose impetus had been greate-,: tumbled right down on her head, and sprawled several yards before rerovering himself. Kate could not help felitng angry. Perba ~ most people would have done so under the circumstances. " " What do you mer?nby riding like thait?",' she asked severely. "Nothing. Ishall'ride as I choose," came the sullen rejoinder. She saw then that there was no generosity, h no friendly competition, to be expected in this quarter, and' Colonel Clinker had been right, when he warned her against Miss Palliser as c against a dangerous enemy If'she could do d her a bad turn and prevent her winning it was quite evident she would do so. Kate'acourage, however, was of the kind which rises with an I emergency. and which opposition only rouses into a doubly firm determination to succeed.'n SI o resolved to best Mliso- Palliser at any rate. " Certainly," she replied, with chilling polite n s; "that is what I imagine you h e hi erto.done.:'. Nake-esev, howevoy0 tyr re doss toot turn th19tables upoen'od '!ou lobng." There was no time for any further inter change of civilities between the ladies, for Singing Bird and Black Anster were still in advance. d Kate set King Olaf going again as quickly n as'possible. She had ridden with great 1 patience and judgment, and obeyed orders a implicitly, but the moment had now arrived. u to ascertain of what mettle her horse was really f made. It 'she allowed herself to get too far behind she might never regain the ground lost through that most provoking foul. Thank .goodness, King Olaf felt strong as a lion under her, while Coquette, owing to the ruthless way b in which her mistress had used, or rather mi. t used her powers, not only lathered freely, but d already.began to hold out unm stakable signals t of distress. Still a very few more strides were a sufficient to show that either had the speed of t' Singing Bird and Black Anster, both of whom a they passed with ease, and both of whom. seeemedpretty well cooked. Side by side the two lea lers now galloped on, taking fence for fence, King Olaf always a little iu advance, but with Coquette running very gamely, andt showingundar different guidance what a real e -good mare she might have. proved. Never- e thelees, as they nseared the last few fences, I King Olaf's superior .condition told more and f more. The further they'went, too. the greater t became Kate's presence of mind. She had re- t covered from the first flurry of a natural ex citement, and now brought all her judgment f and intelligence to bear on the task in hand ; t while Miss Palliser, -on the contrary, flushed' and tremulous, seemed hardly to know what she was about. Kiog Olaf had never extendedhim self even, and galloped gaily and' freely. In E this manner they reached the last fence of all, which the gallant chestnut flew with'rldiculous 1 case, but just as he landed a shrill scream raet c the air, and looking round in alarm Kate be- I held V2iss Palliser's form shoot from the sadldle. apparently without any assignable reason, and come with a fierae bump to the ground, where it lay like a helpless bundle, prostrate on mother earth, leaving Coquette, who must have felt in aulted by this apparent vagary on the part of her rider, to canter away with loosely flapping reins. Kate knew now that she had the race in haind, but Siiiginog Bird and Black Anster were only a few lenougths in the rear, so she wisely did not risk a finish, but came on at a good steady pacO and won exactly as she pleased, while the public, whose sympathies, after the eontrefenepe at the water.jump, had been entirely on her side, applauded her to the echo. The victory appeared, in fact, a most popular. one, for, to tell truth, Miss Pallieer's friends were few and far between. It was a picture to see old Stirrup's face; in deed, the expression of it would.have formed quite a physiological study when lhe saw King Olaf come cantering in. It: literally rippled o"e w nowed ee'd do it; I knowed 'ee'd beat 'em allto fits," were the.only .words he could find at first to express the height of a joy so in toxicatingly overpowerins. Meanwhile poor Miss Paliser was lyiqg on the flst of her back with her heels: up in the air; vowing and declaring she was kiled. A crowid quickly gathered round the unfortunate horsewoman, who before-msuny minutes dis covered this statement to be. highly ex. aggerated, ionasmuch sa with the excep tion of the wind having been knocked .out of her body by the exceeding velocity of her downfall, she remained unharmed in. aught except in spirit, which latter appeared terribly mortified. "Ifit had not been for -my stirrup-leather breaking just when it did," she explained to her auditors, "I eest have won. Was there ever such luck in this world ? • Really it is too, TOO cruel." "Was that why you. tumbled off, Miss Palliser?" asked Captain Fuller, in.his cool, sarcastic way. " Ah, of course," retorted she in a state oe high exasperation, "I know that'a exactly what people will say. They will say I ct a volbmtary--I who have never done sucha thatng in my life. I shall be gresatly ohliged.to you5 5 Caplain Fuller, if youwill:contradiet thi state mson, and allow the public to. know the true state of the case. The stirrup- leather alone was to blame." " I'm glad tohear it," responded he with.?an impenetrable coduntenasnce. "That'' satis factory at any rate. One atways likes to find some ooedexcusae for these uunfortmunta'Uttle casualties." As for Kate, the very first person sho.e met Swhen she rode back. nto the paddock was a Colonel Clinker. He came towardshe, witbh a i smile of pleasure and relief'brightealg all his y face. ' y "Binvo bravo!" he cried; 'You rode Sawfully well. No one could hbnvsiddenbettsr, r 'not even a profassisna ljockey. There was not [t a single thinog I told yose to do seal you did not . do, and that exactlysight.. Ili indeed prond a of my pupil." . oe toolk her hand in hi uad shook it warmly. e " 'Oh, Kate!" he added in a softened voice, S"yo don't -now how thankful I am to. get Syou back again, My heart stood still with fright Swhen I saw the collision at the brook, and i thoughlyou were in for L fall. I never felt so ! queer in my life." SThe flunh of victory glowed in her veins. Slir was too happy, too full of the pleasures of that , pbnd moment to remark the use he made of ltet Christiam name. It was not till afterwards, nottill the warm blood had cooleci and her mind resumed its normcl condition, that she remembered how he had held her hand in his and called her Kate in tones that'seemed as if as if they could OL-y possess ony meari?g, one interpretation. At the time she. merely realised the subtle joy of feeling herer was a person who sympathised' and rejoited at her tr3-.mph as if it'had been hiavery own, and,' whose evident inter-st was not alone flattering to her Idnity, but acceptable to some warmer and deeper emotion tCat now anc.again begas& to stir the pulsations of her heart. "Thanks- for your" congratulations." shea said; "' buidon't praise me, forI did aothing but stick on. Pkfise King O!af instead. My suo- cess is entirely owing to liim and --andtd you,"' beaming down on the open countenance so near' her own. " Without your help I shculd have been nowher.t You saw how Coquette stopped,. purely through'want of condition. Well, ing, Olaf's superiority was solely'and entirely owing? to your exceedig kindness. ' Kate, assistedby her companions. now'dis mounted, wheretpon King 0Clh stretched out: his forelegs and s'6ok himself heartily, jit likir a dog when he omerges from the water, while tshe, regardless of 'all onlooker3, put her- tro arms round his neck and rubbed% her soft cheek against the animal's velvety noec-, " Oh, Stirrup! " cte cried artlessly, "isn't hf a darling Didn't he behave beaatifully. Wo must have his pictuvr-painted. T shall get an artist down from'town to do him at once. They were a prettypgir'as they stood thus- the horse, with his mild blue eyes fit?ed with an-' intBlligence almost human, his swling veins,. his slender limbs, and -tapering head; she with. the rich colour mantling in her cheeks, her slim, figure set off to full advintage by her perfe6tly fitting colours, and a stray lock of hair just: fluttering in the gentle breeze. Colonel Clinker felt all at once as if he hated King Olaf. A fierce and Sudden longing seized&. him to have those sweet lips pressed to his in stead of to that light tan-muzzle, to feel-tbhe coveted clasp of those encirclinig arms about his neck instead of seeing them placed so lovingly round King Olaf's. He wanted to take:her to himself and speak to her of his love-his'deep,' overmastering passion. It cost him no mall ' effort to preserve silence and' turn away. but': theo time had notyet.come,,andhe prefe-iri' suspense for a while lofier to a cruel certainity that might rob hiim of all pleasure in life. Besides, what had he to'offer her ? He had no money, no profession, no particular brains,.not even settled habits. He hnd been accustomei~a to a round of perpetual excitement, gambling. betting, racing, late hours. Even if she would take him, was he fit to be married? Might not his old bachelor hhbits cling to him still ? *Mightnotthe sameorestless spirit break forth afresh ? He was inclined to think not. Hoe was inclined to think he could make any sacri- - eices for her sake, inclined to think that with', her by his side fresh poseibilities, higher aims. higheb amlitions might open themselves out to-' him in the future; but as yet he" was like a * man who ases " through a glass darkly." He' ' doubted his own powers of forbearance, of' steadfastness, and perseverance; a glimmering light had commenced to brighten the pathway of uncertainty, casting flickeringrays of sun shine pon it, but they were not dssured. The' light might be put out altogether by too hast too rudea breath, and so long as he could stll retain a certain amount of self-iommand he would run no risks. Therefore Jack- Clinkei, when he looked at Kate -by Kiig Olaf's side. turned suddenly away, so- that she wondered where he had gone, and why he had' fdirakeen her thus early instead of assisting her to drink the sweet, intoxicating cup of success to its very dregs. Others crowded ro?und tb'offeitheir, congratulations, but lie'felt hurt at his prompt defection, torturing herself with self-domma nings as to whether she could have said or done anything that might have offended him, so true is it that even in our most joyous"moments. oeme little tiny sting robs them of full fruition; ratidering them satisfactory only'in nart. S ('es- CO.VIIe.eD.) ., 