The Last of a Legend. i * I don't ; believ* in em!' declared little ! Jim stoutly. . ., ? ., | It required some courage of botti sorts to mmke the statement, for Micky Byrne, who ! had just been delighting the compaBjr with ; ' banshee ' 'anecdotes wit a year older ; and a head taller, arid, moreover, given to support: , ing hi- assertions with hia fiits in an nn philoBophiaal manner. i , The boys were all assembled in their favorite Sunday lounging-place, on the soft grass of HorBhatn churchyard, in tbe south oorner, under the yew-trees. ' Possibly it was i the locality that suggested the subject. 1 ? Ye don't believe in ghosts, aud me tellin' i ' ye what sae own father see wid his own eyes, * aorra a lie in it !' wai Micky's indignant ? ,. response. '. ' '' ' ' ! * That was in Ireland, and things may be different there,' said Jim, with, moderation. - , ' There's ss many' ghosts in England as ?..?' erer wbb in Ireland,' broke in .'Johnny Ellis,' \- jtaloua for- his country's honor ; ',' real bad I ones, and ? Horshain ghosts as bad as. any ; ' ' and Mr. ;Don't-believe-it here, knews that quite well/ *'?-'? ' An' what would bring a ghost to tlorB ham, will ye tell me V asked Micky disdain folly. ' Snore it's only the rale ould families they'd be frequentin' ; and it's no one at all that ow-sjHorsham nowadays. A Manchester cotton spinner I' Mick elevated his snub nose superciously. ...... He was- a new-comer to the village,' but had already achieved considerable popularity amongst the yonthful Horshamites, especially as a story-teller. He had plenty of Irish humor, and an inexhaustible fuud of mate rial in the valiant exploits of his lather,- the old pensioner, in any campaign that might be mentioned, or the marvellous adventures in foreign parts of his brother, who held some imposing but undefined position in the mer chant-service. His ...only, rival was little Jim, who was a favorite . in his small way . He was the son of a poor widow who drove a struggling trade in a tiny geaeral shop down in the village; » slender, delicate little lad, with \- great gray eyes and a sensitive mouth, the sort oi child that tended and cherished, would have become preternaturally wiss and good, made beautiful saintly speeches, died early, and been immortalised in a tract, but, knooked about among the hardy, village lads, developed the courage of a cook-sparrow and the tenacity of a bulldog, and held his own with the best of them. His olass- mates, great broad-shouldered, sluggish, thiok tongned youths from the neighboring farms, stared in wonder at the presumtuous mite who' 'took them down ' in olass and had an answer for every one ready on the tip of his tongue. They might, and did, bully him on occasion: but he was such an amusing, in genious little fellow that the bigger ones took to patronising him instead, and even backed him against the renowned Micky, in any merely verbal encounter. 'Jim cam tell you about Horsham ghost whether he believes it or not,' said big Bob Fox, Jim's great patron'. ' It's there sure enough! Didn't our Sam see. it, coming home short out from t' fair, and didn't we see him next morning in the ditch, all flus tered in his mind like, all along o' seeing it V ? I know what father says about it,' put in Will Franks, son of the head-gardener of the Hall. 'When he came here first, that holly tree walk hadn't been touohed for years, and not a man would go into it alone ; and he says, though the path had never been weeded nor scuffled, and the nettles at each side were as high as your knee, and the hedges well nigh met across it, yet, right down the middle, the gravel was trodden as clean as the high-road. '.Well, give us the story, Jim/ said Ellis, settling himself at full length on the tombstone. ? . Micky composed himself to listen with a comic, oritioal expression on his droll face; \- and Jim, leaning against a yew-tree, began in his clear little child's voioe. 'Ever,- evsr' so long ago there was a Squiie of Horsham, an awfnl bad one. He rioted and he 'drank and he swore, and kept the whole village in terror with' his mad doiags-- He, would fill the Hall with friends as well as' himself, and—— You' see that gate?' Jim broke off, pointing to the opposite corner of the churchyard. ' Down that holly-tree walk, and through that gate , and across the churchyard, they would come tearing, with the Squire at tbeir head, roaring drunk and full of wickedness. One Sunday, when the people were in church and the doors left open, didn't the mad Squire and tiis gang come galloping dowu, and, \- because it lay right in their way, tear clean through the church, in at one door and out at the other, laughing and whooping like bo many fiends? Next day the parson went straight up to the Hall and gave him his mind, he did ; and the Squire up with his big. horns-whip and drove him. out, swearing that the next time he came he'd be the death of him. Parson didn't give in ; not he ; he was, alright good holy man, .mother, says. 8ohe cursed the Squire back again, and gavn! as good as be got ; and tbe Squire never got over it. He wouldn't let a parson near him to 'his dying day, and swore, and made his wife awear, that, when he was buried, naught of the, Prayer-book should be read over him.' « He'd' be a bad one to meet, wouldn't he V ejaculated, Ellis, with gusto. ? Qo on to the coffin, Jim/ 'They do say,' continued Jim, his eyes dilating and his '. voice growing hollow with with awe, 'that at twelve o'clock every night, down the path to tbe churchyard, there, oome feur evil spirits like undertakers carry ing LtbeS old : Squire in his coffin ; and they rest it for a moment on the big stone under the elm-tree, and, if any one passes, up jumps the ipld^Sfioire, screaming to him to stop and save him. .'And, if any, one, will but say, a bit of the burial service, without stopping or being i soared by the awful' words houses, why, i he'll vanish in a flash, and be never seen again !' ' ?'?'? 'How 'do you know that, when nobody has ever tried ?' demanded Mick sceptically ; but no one cared ,to answer. The short November, sunshine had paled into twilight, the yew-tree shadows grew gloomy, and chill, and the end of the holly tree^ wait looked undesirably hear. Ellis felt his tombstone chilly, and silently descended.— ! ' ' yi-'' '- '' ? ' ; !' ? ' 'Ha, ha, ha !' laughed a big voice; and ' they alljumped like rabbits. ' ? The present owner i of Horsham, the Man chester man, was leaning over thelow ,o_urqh- yard wall behind, them, with .a sardonic Bnile'oa his handsome dark face.- He had been quietly listening and taking the measure of Jim and his comrades during the last ten minutes. .- .*,, » (To le Continued.) 