PHYLLIS FENWME'g . ADTESTimE. A. great deal of unnecessary senti ment has, from time to tiino been spent on the " noble red man and when the "Wild West" show' was in Melbourne a few months ago, much sympathetic nonsense was expressed concerning the dusky savage. But there is no doubt that a very different tone would be adopted by these admirers of, the red-skins, if they hadj to do battle with them in their native haunts.; ..... ^ ,>-;i. . I was forced tonndergo thiaagrefeablo experience .once, in the good old" days when the now almost extinct bison roamed the Wild West in vast herds, whilst the Indian and the invader were at continual enmity, the former then being about as civilised as the: coyote." and as friendly as the dreaded "grizzlies." Nevertheless, the white man established himself in the land, and o^. the whole,, he prospered; ' - The time of which I am speaking was(the beginning of the '[gold fever,'' and my brothers had been so .bitten with the prevalent mania-that5 they' used all their influence to persuade my father to give up the old farm in Hawkesdale, and?go to New California. . Perhaps their arguments had more ???'. weight-with my father'because "he was shrewd enough to see that farming was even then becoming a losing game, and the,auriferous prospects held out to hirrk appeared unusually tempting by compari son.;;' ?; _ ijvPhylUa. being only a girl, did not, of course,1 count for, much in these family arrangements ; yet, . in a sense, because I was the only, daughter, and my mother was'dead,-I'did count ttry mack, in-my father's eyes, and he would, .! verily be lieve, have slayed at home sooner than leave- mo behind. . - ; But I was, as adventurous in disposi tion, as any of my brothers- and looked forward to the new life with intense in tecest/ all the deeper, perhaps, because I was/so-utterly without experience. It'was finally decided that' my' father should: ..take up some land in. Hope Taltey, El Dorado County, and there, with Charlie Ripley's assistance, start stock-farming, whilst my throe brothers tried their luck at the diggings in the same county. If I had been going to the most luxurious home in the finest part of the country, T could not possibly have been more eager or enthusiastic over- our future prospects. It was enough, for me that' my lover was to share our fortunes, and what more could a romantic, girl whose acquaintance with real hardship had. not yet begun desire ? Tlfere had been Fenwickes at Moss Side and Ripleys at the Birkets for moregenerations than 1 can count; the two farms lay side by side, and Charlie and I had been little playmates and child-sweethearts ever since I can re member ; whence Hawkesdale considered it a seiemly thing, and that we were only fulfilling our destiny, when we grew up and blossomed into real lovers, who were seriously, and soberly engaged. Naturally enough, since the course of true love never does run smooth, Fate must put her finger into the pie, to im port a.spice of romance into a love affair'that threatened to be so'decorously dull as ours ; and this element of interest was, it'seemed, destined to be supplied > at the eleventh hour by the illness of old Mr. Ripley., To my dismay, and Charlio's grief, his father was taken ill early in Feb ruary^ and died before the end of the month, Now my folk had decided to start during the second week in March, and to defer our departure would have been 'equally useless and impossible, since we discovered, to our chagrin, that Mr Ripley had left all he possessed- to his wife during her lifetime and it was aftewards to be equally divided between Charlie and his sister Alice. It was out of the question that the only" son, to whom the widow how looked for eveiytliing, should.; go away, leaving matters in so unsettled a state and his mother to the mercy,of hirelings. Ob viously, the duty that lay nearest his hand was to stay at home and manage the firm for his mother and sister till some permanent arrangement could be made/for their benefit. j = It was 'a* heavy blow for us-the heavier because it was so unexpected ; but Charlie did his best io cheer me and himself by steadily refusing io relinquish the hope of coming out to join us.srtme time|w|thin a. year or so ; and at nine teen,»^hen: one is-full of health and life, a year does not seem so very long to look forward to.s * - My 4oyer came with us as far as Liverpool, in order to be with me until the last" possible minute and defer the inevitable agony .of separation. *' There's just the ghost of a chance, you ; icnow, ;Phyllis, darling; that I 8ha'n!t j be tied down to the old country as long as your father seems to fancy," lie said, trying to speak lightly. We were standing on deck, hand in hand, in a quiet corner qui'e alone, whilst the last precious moments fled away, and tears chased one another rapid y down my pale cheeks. , This farewell to my native land was by no means what I had anticipated, and the difference be tween my> rose-coloured visions and the sad, stern reality was too terrible just then for me to make evea a pretext of cheerfulness. " I don't see how you can ever como," I returned disconsolately ; " there are the farm acd Mrs Ripley and Alice !" \- enumerating all these terrible obstacle's with a little smothered sob. " Yes, dear heart; but you must re member there is also Hogh Dalton. He and Alice haven't settled masters yet ; still they understand each other; and, if T can but get him to s»e his way clear. I know r may safely intrust my mother and s:ster to his care. Hugh likes to * see his way,' you know, Phyllis ; he's sure and steady, honest as the day ! If X can work round Hugh and get on the right side of him, I'll come, my darling. But we'll say nothing to the others ; this is only a tiny bit of hope for your heart and mine to feed upon when we two are parted." There were just a few more last words, and then the long-dreaded moment came. I felt my lover's arms close about 'me, and the very last pre93nre of his lips to mine ; after that I think he put me into my father's arms and harried away down the ladder. I tried to distinguish his face as he stood on shore, but tears blinded me, and I obtained only a misty view of a sea of upturned faces, with here and there a waving handkerchief, as the Osprey. moved slowly out of dock and down the Mersey. ^ * * We hadlbeen settled in our new home nearly a twelvemonth, my brothers re maining, with us until our new house; a strong log-cabin of which we were all very proud--was finished and habitable ; then they started " prospecting," finally taking up a claim not fir from our home stead, where they had bean working very steadily for some months with more or less success. '' At the log-house our party was a larger one than we had- at first antici pated, since some of our Moss-side* labourers had accompanied their old master to Hope Valley in searctf of for tune ; and at that time extra hands were welcome enough. ?<= - > :Our venture prospered from the beginning, and I: wan ted only one thing to: make. Me happy ; r but, that .thing seemed riofnearer of attainment than pt first. --i -. Charlie wrote as regularly as possible, and hisllettcrs were;always""bright and encouraging Tiresome Hngh^Daltori fiojreyfer seemed' to' be:< a terrible -time " seeing^his1; wSay^ to:; a mutualtarrange ment ; and I could not feel very hope ful, knowing Hugh and all the circum stances so well. At any rater my lover was still tied to his farm at Hawkesdale. while I was leading my new strange life on a ranche in EI'Dorado:" *'* .v : I thinkl. en joyed therf.winter..a3 ,much asianyftim^j my father was aMhbmea good deal, -for one; thing, and, ;foi, ;an other, I'was by this time growing ui'ed to ;the''"conditions: of liferwhich^hasa so very much.to do with coin fort anywhere. But with the lengthening days my father and the '.'..bbys*'~-ia8 -we - ccalled'^-our1 "labourers-were v fully occupied, conse quently I was often alorie'-for*1 many hours ; nevertheless, being a high spirited gill, I cared very"litt)e' for "that, and seldom felt lonely or dull. Tramps were not particularly likely to molest us, since the rowdy element seemejd^lo^Jflow?nStu.wily^|n therdrrectira| of;th>r diggings* wbeire it mustered ih full force. . My brothers uaed to say all? the gaol: birds unhanged had migrated thither, the usual b'asis'of "so-ciety in.a ^mining (community / consisli'ng4of Ithe scum and refuse oE great, cities. Of the Indians we .had hitherto seen little, and that little had not been of an awe-inspiring nature, despite the yarns we' had heard from older settlers as we made our way to our "location" in the previous spring. We bad been visited by. a few Cherokees now and again "chiefly squaws and papooses, intensely curious about us, and some of them "the mo9t sturdy, .impudent beggars I ever saw in my life; otherwise they were rather friendly, though the men of the tribe seemed inclined to give ns a wide berth. In short, with me familiarity bred contempt;; and I had nearly for gotten my old terrors of the ferocious redmen, with their savage faces and warlike mien, hideous as paint and other native adornments could . make them; : .1 'V r It was the afternoon of a dark and, stormy February " day, destined to' be ".a memoriable' one for me, though l fancied the £reat excitement was all over with the Jeparture of the United States, mail in <&" morning. - r The appearance of this man/who carried a couple of bags and was mounted on; a fleet Mexican mustang, was quite an event in- our isolated existence ; and he -seemed the one link binding us -to the outside world and civilised life. He did not come our way more than once in /six weeks,, and this time he was a week behindhand, so I was full of anxiety for his safety, as I woll knew he literally carried his life in his hands every day, and had more than once owed his e-cape to the speed and endurance of his mus tang. He was the recognised official bearer of the United States mails to theae wild outlying districts, arid I of course had always a letter to [intrust to his;care ; .and many an anxious thought went with him through all. the perils which that precioas missive must en counter before th« bearer reached a civilised region with his bags.. . This,time I had written to Charlie a particularly long letter, cwuched -in a brighter strain too, since I assured him that, if he could not come to me I would return to him directly I . was of age and my own mistross-that was provided he still wanted me, I added slyly. I seemed to liave put all my soul into that letter, writing out of tbe fulness of my heart such tender, loving thoughts as he would be proud arid glad to read. Therefore it wa3 with feelings of the liveliest satisfaction that I beheld the mounted mail depart in company with my father and the boys ; their way lay together for some miles, and with such an escort my piecioua letter and the man's life-like a woman, I put the more important thing last I-would be doubly safe. So for me this stormy February day was: full of pleasurable excitement, and seemed neither dull nor long, since my heart' had sped the way my letter went, and, as usual, my hands were busy enough with my ordinary household tasks. But I went sinking about my work, scarcely giving a thought to my solitary unprotected condition ; I was used to being alone; moreover, I ex pected a couple of the men to return before dusk. About threes o'clock one of them made his appearance alone, exclaiming abruptly, a3 lie entered the house " If them darned cows hain't bin and got out of the yard agen, Miss Phyllis, and it will be dark in little more 'n an hour! Tho master '11 be main vexed surely." '. You'd better go after them at once, Joe," I returned. " I'd come with you on Dandy, only I'm afraid we shouldn't be back in time ; and it would never do to let father return to find the house locked up." Joe got out a horse and speedily de parted upon his troublesome quest, vowing that the spirit of mischief was in the straying kine to induce them to de part at such an untoward hour ; and I was once more alone. Bat now I bust led about in good earnest, making up the wood-fire and preparing sapper for the hungry men who would all come trooping in shortly after dark. The sun was almost down, but the cold grey light of the winter afternoon showed all near objects almost as dis tinctly as if it were mid-day. I stood for a minute by the window looking out across the wide prairie beyond the cleared enclosure immediately surround ing our dwelling. I was so used to that great level expanse stretching away to wards the purplish-gray, horizon^ dotted here and there with scrub and sago bushes, that I had grown to have a) certain liking for the boundless plain and tha sense of freedom it gave one, looking far away.to the west, where, faint red streaks illumined the gray , still sky. Yes, I enjoyed the prairie, though it was so different from my native Hawkesdale.: . Turning away from the window, I ^noticed -a log of wood lying just inside, the stockade at the farthest corner from the house which; I did not remember seeing {in the morning-though to be sure our enclosure was not so,iamons for neatueas that a stray log or so made much difference-and I thought no more of it/ till, repassing the window ten minutes later, I1 again ' glanced out. ..Darkness was fast setting in on us now, ;and,jhot^hIcould^eo things just out. sidd.clearly epoush, ! .was.snrprised to find 'how dim and misty the distance1 looked. ' v v And the log-it was lying in exactly Jhe same^positm^of^course I I laughed at my fancy, since logs are not usually endowed.^with^.the power of movement ; ..but it Xertainjy 'appeared to i.me" to be some few yards nearer the house than jjvlien first"IJobserved4$% \ t "impossible!" I 'said aloud,. with? /emphatrc^sbiemnity. *; s^paecided- that 1 vrais growihgjnervous and foolish, and my first impnlse was to sallyvforth.- and set my j mindiat rest by examining ;thp suspicious; ^object at close quarters ; but: a "second thought re issued ine, ;It;4s ?wfellito be bold, but not over-bold. I peered anxiously into the gathering gloom, striving to take in the familiar aspect.of the yard and my^surroundings ; and an eerie feeling crept over me as I Rooked , r Dusky-f'-rms seemedstorlurk in distant corners^whilst at'regnlar inter ns certain posts in ,the rough palisade surrounding our dwelling seemed lo pro ject unnaturally. 1 would have given the world- for a companion ; -at .. that moment. Oh, if Joe'had nbt"gone in search of tho3e errant cows 1 '??. Then.-it struck me that, owing to the' bright fire upon the hearth, my. person and the interior of the , room were dis tinctly visible outside, whilst the grow/ ing dusk made it more and more difficult for me plainly to distinguish objects a dozen yards from the window. I looked at the clock-it was barely half-past three. Could the. house stand a siege of an hour and a half ? I asked myself anxious'y, as I knew right well there was little chance of help before that-for now the* unwelcome conviction that the Indians had stolen a march upon me, and were even now in ambush aroand the house, could no longer bo ignored or avoided. It was evident they knew me to be alone, and had laid their plana -well.; What did they want ? Simply plunder ; or was it a mingled desire for plunder and'revengo ? We had .lately learted that they considered them-. selves aggrieved by the fact that a portion of the land occupied by my father, was a part of their hunting ground. .Any way, I knew that I had nothing to hope from an Indian's chivalry, and everything to fear from his cold-blooded treachery ;. and I resolved to hold the fortress against the redskins till the last possible minute. ., Whilst these reflectionspassed rapidly through my mind I hurriedly made such arrangements for the defence as lay in my power. First, I securely barred the heavy shutters, noiselessly slipped the bolts of both doors-strong and well made, though rough-and also put an iron bar across the door opening into the stockade I contrived to drag, a big chest half- way across the kitchen, whereby I barricaded the back door ; and then I felt, if bolts and. bars could keep Oherokees out, I was safe for a time. But there was no knowing what their fiendish ingenuity might not devise; and ihpy evidently meant business, since they had mustered in considerable force I do not want to make myself out to be the least bit of a heroine over this encounter. I was undoubtedly in what schoolboys call "no end of a funk-. but, being, brought" to bay in" this fashion, I summoned to my aid what courage I possessed, and vowed I would resist to the death. And, in spite of my sickening conviction of the almost hopeless?: horror of my fate, 1 was out wardly cool enough, keeping my wits about me sufficiently to' appreciate and turn to 'account such; slight advantages as were on my side. I even experience . a certain odd elation in the thought Jhat no one I loved was with me, sharing, but not lessening,- the awful danger in which I stood. I have all my life found it easier to be calm in the.presence of death and peril when meeting them alone, knowing that my best-beloved, at least, were safe and free/ ; My small attempts at defence were soon completed, and I ascended the ladder to the upper story, where 1 placed a lamp In the window of the room over looking the prairie, since that, I knew, would probably be the way by which my father would return, and the unusual sight might possibly warn him of his danger. . Lastly I retreated to my own room, and fastened the door. The whole of my arrangements, from the moment that I decided the moving log was an Indian to the instant I locked myself into my room, occupied something under five minutes, a3 nearly as I can tell, but my action had been significant enough for the cunning Cherokees, who instantly prepared for the attack. I fancy they bad intended to surround the house silently, and then rush in and overpower me before I could offer the slightest resistance. But I had been keener of sight, prompter in action'than they anticipated, having taken the alarm whi'st the scouts were lying in ambush. There was no mistaking my position now, I thought, looking down cautic-usly from my window, which I took the pre caution partly to barricade with my mattress, and beholding a score or more of hideous dusky forius below, moving stealtlily in the twilight, like so many cowardly cruel hyenas, thirsting for my blood. I caught up a spare revolver lying upon the kitchen shelf, and a few cart ridges as I retreated, but I . resolved to be very cautious, an ! remain strictly on the defensive. I had apparently baffled my foes for a brief space, and they were consulting, I judged by their gestures, as to the course they should parsue. Suddenly they raised a hideous yell that made my blood ran cold, and flung themseives. upon the barricaded doors and windows, absolutely shaking the house with the fury of their assault, but the good bolts withstood their united efforts, and the next minute a shower of arrows came rattling against the upper: casements, whilst a voice cried to me to come down, to surrender, as well as I could make out from the little Cherokee I had learned frojn the squaws. The aim of those poison-arrows was so accurate that the Indians twice suc ceeded in extinguishing my beacon-lamp,, and I had to remove it to the opposite end of the room, still keeping it in a lino with the window. Then I cautiously raised, a corner of the mattress aod fired my revolver rather at random into the howling, threatening horde below. I was'any thing'but a crack shot, but toy brothers had taught me how to handle and fire a revolver, and I deter mined to sell my life as dearly as pos sible, silently vowing that the Cherokees should never take me a'ive-I would so far be mistress of my fate. , My answering fire produced an unex pected effect. - They had not dreamed of '» despised pale-face squaw daring to defy them single-handed ; and when I reconnoitred, I saw I had hit somebody, who was laid out on the ground to medi-' tate at his leisure. Of dourse, the r.ext minute my mattress was stuck full of arrows like a target, and again and again the red men uttered their war whoop, and rushed upon the house, hoping to carry the" position by main force. They fait that they had me like a 'coon in a trap, in spite of my resist ance. £ But at nineteen one dies hard, and refuses to give up hope till the last gasp. Every, minute I could keep t'ne fiends at bay gave,me a further chancc of life ! L looked at my fast-lessening store of ammunitibn7 and then I laid aside a couple of cartridges' for the agonising moment when I must acknowledge the game to be played out. Even then, standing alone above my tigerish foes, so full of health, and strength, and life and love, I could not realise that my life was numbered by minutes, or that, humanly speaking, I should never look upon another sunset, or hail the break of another dawn. I emptied my last shots into the seething mas3 of dusky beings howling around me-one lonely, defenceless woman. ; They were quick to appreciate the fact that I had ceased to fire, and the shows and yells grew more exultant as a tall flame shot up suddenly id the grey dusk: " What were the fiends about now? - I;soon understood-they had failed to force an entrance, and were determined to burn me out! Ah, merciful Heaven ! Then it was, I th nlc, . that hope flickered and went out, leaving my soul in a blackness worse than night,. Well, I had vowed to wait till the very last, and I trusted that He who saw my cruel need and my utter helplessness would forgive me the desperate act I contemplated. I tried to pray, but nothing save the publican's brief petition rose to my lips, whilst the events of my whole life seemed to pass vividly before me in a moment of time.: I know in that last minute, when I was beyond despair, beyond,hope,. my chief feeling was one of thankfulness that my letter-the very last my own true love would ever receive from me-was safe, miles and miles on its way to him-that he would get it. and love and . treasure it long before the news of my cruel fate could reach him. \nd, when he did know all that men wonld'everkarh, the ghastly story would be less agonising for the thought that my |laSta wrds,' my very last loving thoughts, had been all for, him. Ho would have that letter for the comfort until we met again in the silent land beyond the veil. . I hoped Charlie knew me well enough lo be sure I wotild never let those yell ing wolves take me alive ! Ab, no ! I walked .to the table and opened a little box that held all ray treasures. I was quite cool and steady now, calm as death itself, whilst I heard the crackle of'the flames below and saw their lurid light against the cold gray sky. Well, my'lover's portrait should be the la?t thing my eyes rested upon in life. Ah, Heaven, it was joy unspeakable to know he would never realise the actual agony of thisse moments during which I could say :" I yet live ! " A yell of exultation-the door was down, and those fi*ndsin human form rushed in, scattering the hot embers with their feet.! Now! : W hat- was that ? - An answering shout from: English throats I I dropped the revolver and flew to the window. Yes it was as I believed ; I saw my rescuers ; I heard the thunder of the hoofs as half a score of horsemen galloped over the short turf and drew bridle at the gates. The wolves were well in the trap now ! I leaned out of the window and cried to my rescuers to surtound the dcors. They understood ; and then came an awful hand-to-hand encounter. The Cherokees were three to one of - their antagonists, but the Englishmen fought like lions and held on with the tenacity of bull-dogs. . Itf was an ugly struggle and a hot one while it lasted, but there was no doubt about the issue from the first. I unbarred my door and stood at the top of the ladder, watching the breath less, deadly contort with fascinated, horrified eyes. I must be with them, I felt, facing the same fearful odds, though I could do nothing. It was, over at la3t. The redmen were, ignominiously routed; and fled, making: no attempt to carry off their dead or wounded, and leaving my | rescuers masters of t^e field. I was jnsb dimly conscious that the figlit was won, and then I remembered nothing more, for I had fainted. Nature will bave her way, and, after such a desperate strain is removed, there comes the inevitable reaction. When I recovered, I was lying upon the kitchori floor, with my head resting on some one's knee. " Father-is father safe ? " I asked, looking in a dazed bewildered way at the anxious faces surrounding me. " Yea. Phyllis ; I'm safe enough, my bairn. We're all right, except poor Joe and Abel. She is too dazed, poor lass, to take it all in," he addeJ, in a lower tone. I opened my eyes again, and looked up languidly to see who it was that was supporting me ; till then it had not occurred to me as strange that it was not my father. " Phyllis, my Own ! " murmured a low voice, whilst my wondering eyes met Charlie Ripley's. . It was 110 dream then, no delirium, bnt his own dear face bending above me, his honest . grey eyes looking into mine with tender anxiety. " You are not hurt, Phyllis?" he asked, in the same low eager tones. ! He was kneeling beside me. My head lay upon, his shoulder now : I could even feel his heart beating close to mine, and I knew it was no dream. I tried to smile as I shook my head, but a. passion of tears name to my relief instead-I was so safe, so happy now ! They let me weep, whilst my lover soothed me, and the rest left us alone for a while ; they were busy securing the horses and making the house safe for the night, though they resolve! to guard against possible swrprises by keeping watch in turns. Wken my father and brothers-whom I now noticed for tbe first time-re turned to the fire, I was sufficiently re covered to recount to them what had happened during that terrible hour in which I held the house single-handed against the Indians. Of course they told uie I was a little heroine, and seemed as though .they could never make enough of me. > After th*t I had to hear the explanation of what had previously appeared to me a sort of miracle-that is, Charlie's timely arrival, arid my father s return a goed half-hour before I thought it possible ho could be home. It appeared that Hugh Dalfcon had at last " seen his way," whilst he and Alice had so far settled matters that they .were married the day before Charlie left England: ? Hugh was to carry on the old farm, for Mrs Ripley as well as his own, and every, one was satisfied Nevertheless'' Hugh had t( so much mind" that he had not been able to make it up in time for the last mail ; therefore Charlie had decided to bring the great news in person by. the first ship as the quickest and most agreeablo way. He had procured a guide at El Dorado city, who had obligingly con ducted him to the "diggings" at Heron Gulch, where.ray brothers made him heartily welcome, and decided to celebrate the occasion by bringing him on home the next day. It was lucky they did so,: and,doubly fortunate that they fell in with iny father and the " boya " returning from work. Charlie was the first to espy my lamp shining at the windows ; they at once came to the conclusion that ti.e unusual light meant danger of 3ome sort, and pushed on at a gallop, arriving in the nick of timej as I have alreidy narrated. « # # * * Well, I am almost an old woman, and I have been Charlie's wife for many happy years ; but, if I live-to be a hundred, I shall never forget the agony of that awful hour during which I, a girl of nineteen, held onr log-house, alone and unaided, against the red skins. 