Did Ile Love Her9 .._----------- • L; ER XXX (Continued). notinformed of his opinion," re. Berkely,"but we can hope on, Can you not return with me to All the members of my family towelcome you among us. You t r'end every day to learn how ýtoresses, and we will do all in wsto render you contented." ;onae too good to me; but I will ,h bow sensible I am of the kind "t, el tome at this time, when I +lltF Icannot return with you to k t grows late, and I shall have -:?~ng to do." C errie will come for you herself, n..ious to bear you from those vinced are unfriendly to you. She to say that henceforth you are to r, as to an elder sister, for every r:oeef. Her fortune is ample, and :,~hipshe has long cherished for gresher the right to assume the t!,aso long filled toward you." 'lbad suspected the interest with S' iis Carleton regarded Fontaine, .e cprehended that to extend kind EIO he orphan he had loved as his tr uiL bes solace to her heart. She S otis ofer with so much feeling ;i,,.Eerkely felt more tenderly toward i she had done before. Lta l]og conversation their plane re sntd, and the elder lady arose to ~ r.Sinclair had forbidden all ac .. cthpstient, who was confined to the r:.rashehsdoccupied. So Mrs. Ber ? r? compelled to leave the house '; t .reing Fontaine. Czar ans Aggy watched over their r owh basnever violent with them. ochoi the grief of learning from them Cbrnsme, cas never mentioned byhim; iho?rishto see her again passed his e?'n the carriage containing her old Editoreaway, Isola ascended to her crrxm,with a feeling of desolation in rs bret at the thought of leaving the 0e which had so long been a happy te toher. Whi Isola rode into the avenue on ishimostof the cabins were built, and :nei them that she had come to bid tltfarewell before leaving La Fontaine truotherhome, their expressions of re psnasttadchment affected her. Eecap hlfoma the blersings that were showered Ia hrshe rode back to the house, to find the Senor awaiting her return on the pssus with an expression of anger on her hot As Iola ascended the steps, she ad ?olsed her; "You have taken a strange liberty in retr?ingthat horse to be saddled for your self, Mies-t hardly know what to call you, rto you have no right to the name you hare solong borne. Selim is now the pro pty of my niece, and I have ordered that itehall be kept for her exclusive nse." By this time Isola had become aocune toned to the insolent speeches which were addressed to her by this imperious woman, sad she replied: "Inolonger laim anything here, ma m; but Saella would not object to my riding, for the last time, the horse which hs been so long considered as my own. Cee your insults, for to-morrow I leave ethome which has so long sheltered me, hient from it by your uncivil treatment." "Leare La Fontaine I Where will you pr "Ihavepromised hMrs. Berkely to take tiny abode at the Vale. Since I am ba etded from the presence of my father, and tsledas a menial in his house, now he is rurle to protect me, I shall go to the hiendwhose heart and home are open to m?." "To depend on her, I suppose," she re eid; "with such a lady as you are, any. tbg will be better than working for your it1g, though I'll wager anything those Ittlwfully belong to have to work hard rIah for theirs." Tothis vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no tyI . She went up to her apartment, to hilie her repressed emotions in a hearty TSeSnors had left Savella under the r?dillane of Summerton, while she uttdIsola'sreturn, for the purpose of Panber what she called a piece of her lflr the impudence in ordering Selim Bhutherpermission. During all these v'h the strictness of her watch over her m5" had not relaxed, for she dreaded toipVane more than ever. Sesought Savella's room, in which she Ci "SnErton were sitting, and whis ldinhisear. The two went out leav Sliardella alone, but taking the precaution .Itithe door on the outside, unsuspi ratIthepantomime that was perform 0-ithin. ~en they disappeared, the girl jumped 9 ?d sprang toward the window. A hinkrchief waswaved from.it, a thread lbitosawhich a letter was fastened, slo answering signal came from the o'od,to assure her that Phillip, was athesateh. When the handkerchief was 'td, Philip waited till nightfall, came to Othes?eush below the window, disengaged thniscive, and placed one for Savella on tethread,which escaped even the glance dthe Cerberus who watched over her. hle this was passing, the Senora drew -oerton into her apartment, closed the 0, and said: "Ihave warned you more than once that f:t ption had failed in its effect. In ticetlhurting her, it seems to agree with .?uda new she is escapingarom us alto -th deliberating a moment, Summerton "Ifitwere not for the will I would let broo. ButFontaine will not last many niths, and we cannot afford to give her ethousand dollars that lawfully belong l. Are you sure that she has drunk ts ?ater! I have made the infusion 'tonrger than the first, and it seems strange aPlonger affects her." "Ibhave found means to look into her ember every morning, and the pitcher is tayspartly emptied. That proves that the tnes it; you must have given me some g that is harmless." "As if I should do such a thing t" he re ll "I believe now that she pours out a portion of the water to make yon believe I she has drunk it. If such is the case,' you must risk everything -sooner than permit her to leave this house alive. How can we manage to give her what will effectually put an end to her claims on any portion of the estate we have fairly earned for our* selves ?" The Senora rapidly said: " Of late she often has her tea sent to her own room. To-night she will do so, for she is now crying because she is going "away. I can put the powder in' the sugar. She must die before another day dawns safely. Your skill can produce the symp toms of some sudden and fatal disease?" " Oh, yes. The house has been recently painted, and she shall die of what painters call lead colic, I shall say the delicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join the angels. Nobody can contradict us, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." There was something diabolical in the coolness withwhich this was uttered. SRe. morse was unknown to the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. She rapidly said: " That will do; bring me the death war. Taut, for I am impatient to make all safe bygetting into the dininpgroom unobserved." Summerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering white powder, the deadly qualities of which had been con densed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Roselli descended the staircase, and, after, a passing glanceo into the dining-room to ascertain if it was empty, she glided in. The supper-table was set, and a cup and saucer of fine blue china, which Isola al ways drank her tea from. To drop the powder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noise lessly as she had entered. She went up to Savella, who was revolv. ing in her brain the means of effecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her everything prepared for a speedyflight, if she could manage to evade her aunt and join him at their old trysting-place. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an excuse from her young lady; she had a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent up to her. With unblushing cheek the Nemesis pre pared the liquid, and placed it on the waiter. She insisted on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after her headache went off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savella seemed in better spirits than she had been in of late. Through the servants she had heard of Isola's intended departure, and when supper was over she said: " I must go up and see Isola ; it seems hard tobe turned out of the home she has so long been taught to look upon as her own; but the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we must let her do so." "You can bid her adieu," said Summer ton, "but the warning voice which has spoken to you has forbidden you to claim her as your friend." She shuddered and changed colour. " She can never be my friend, for I shrink from her with fear since that dreadful night in Uncle Claude's room. But I'll bid her good-bye. I cannot let.her go without that. You need not come with me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go to Isola's room." Night had fallen; the Senora knew it would be impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey,, and she was per mitted to ascend alone. Instead of going to Isola, she noiselessly flitted into her room, threw up the window, and drew up a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, ,with the light of love shining from her eyes. One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met. I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again. Come to me Savella, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I will come," she said; and a few hur ried lines were dashed off, sealed, and low ered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com munication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her knock received no reply and she went in. Isola was sitting beside the fire in her dressing-robe, with her hair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, and her head was resting against the high back of the chair. She was colourless, and seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savella sprang toward her, exclaiming: "Good heavens!.Isola, what can be the matter with you ? You look as if you are dying." "I believe I am," she said. "I sent Celia down to her supper, and soon after ward I was seized with so violent a pain in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed as quickly as possible, Summon Celia to me." Savella pulled the bell-cord, and in a few moments Celia came in, looking frightened. When she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. "Oh, Miss Savella, what can have come overher since I went down stairs? She said she felt better after drinking her tea. .What is it, Missy! "I don't know-I feel ill all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one for Dr. Sinclair. The two girls lifted her in their arms and placed her on the bed. On her appearance Savella hurried from the room, to inform her aunt that Isola was ill; that something must be done for her at once, hoping that ,this attack might make a diversion in .her own favour. Senora Ioselli went to see Isola's condi tionherself. She looked upon the face so changed within the last hour: Already the livid hue of death seemed setting over it, and her senses had so.failed her that she was unconscious of what was passing around her. Celia was wringing her hands, and exclaiming: ""Oh, what shall I do ? Sheistole me to sen' forde doctor, an' I must do it now; for of he's not here soon s:mydear Miassyill die." " Hsah that uproar," Jsaid thes-8snora. "It is useless to send for Dr. Sinclair now or she will be past help before he could'get here. Mr. Summerton is as good a physi eian as he is-ask him to come up and see what can be done for her." Celia left the room to seek Summerton, and the Nemesis bent over her victim to ascertain how long life might linger in.the frame she had doomed to destruction. The Senora's breath came in quick gasps, and she became paler than the half-lifeless eing on the couch beside her. Unable to sustain herself she sank on a chair, and sat trembling before the conviction that arose within her mind. Summerton obeyed her, summons; but when he entered the chamber and saw the changed face of his accomplice, he started back in dismay. He asked: "What has happened to unnerve you so? Put off that look before the girl returns, or it may betray all." "Look there," she said in a whisper. "What of that?" he asked. "It seems that she is marked with red wine. Come this will never do; you look as if you had seen a ghost." "So I have," was the reply; "the ghost of the past. The girl must not die-save her." "Have you lost your senses i" he asked. " Why should I save her when you doomed her !" She placed her lips close to his ear, and breathed a few words into it. His face changed as he listened, but he answered: "Even if this be true, it should but con firm you in your purpose." "No-I tell you no ! I am a hard woman, I know; but this crime I dare not perpetrate. I tell you she shall not die. We can otherwise dispose of her. "But how?" " Leave that to after consideration. Act now; 1 insist upon it. There is an antidote; use all your skill to save her, or-I know what I may do." "Is that a threat?" "Understand it as you please; but my will shall be yours. Refuse, and I willsend for Dr. Sinclair. He will comprehled all, and who will be held answerable? I will save myself by criminating you. There -you know me-to work, for no time is to be lost." Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerton said: "I will ddoyour biddidg ; but if your suse picions are true, she will give us much trouble hereafter." I do not act on suspicion, but on a cer tainty. Hasten for your antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will not be well for you." Summerton ordered Celia to bring warm water, and in a few moments he returned, bringing the antidote to the deadly agent he had used in preparing his subtle mes senger of death. The lips of Isola were forced open, ,and the liquid poured down her throat; her chilling limbs were rubbed with flannels wrung from warm water. The Senora seemed never to weary in her efforts to restore her, and Summerton. used all his skill to undo what they had done. At length the purple hue left Isola's lips and hands ; her eyes opened, but with a shudder she closed them as they fell upon the Senora. "What has happened to me?'" she asked. "I feel like one just rescued from death." Aggy rushed to her side, and said: " An' so you is, my darlin'. Ef it hadn't been for the Snory an' Mr. Summ'rton, you'd a been wid do angels by dis time." "I have been so ill, and they have aided me?" she murmured. "It seems impos sible." " Why so, Isola?" asked Summerton. "Savella found you here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous effluvia arising from the paint which has been used on the house. Fortunately I knew what resmedies to apply; you have been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Soenora moselli and myself." "Then I must thank you," she feebly said; " but I am too weak to talk much." "Nor is it desirable you should do so. You must now rest," replied Summerton, and after giving some directions to Aggy, who was to remain with her till morning, the two confederates left the room to gether. Isola was too much exhausted to think, though she was in a state of bewilderment as to their conduct towards her. When she first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused them of having effected their ends by destroying her, yet to their efforts she was assured she owed her life. Butshesoon fell asleep, and at a late hour of the following morning she was aroused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella was repeated. CHAPTER XXXI. THE ELOPESENT. Savella remained in the chamber ofIsola till her aunt assured her that the patient would recover. She watched Senora .Ro selli and Summerton with a puzzled ex pression as they moved around the couch of the sick girl, and showed earnest soli'i tude for her recovery. Ignorant as she was of their, diabolical intention to rid themselves of her, Savella was aware that they cherished a feeling of hostility towards the adopted elhild of Fon taine; and she was at a loss to comprehend the source of the anxiety her aunt mani fested ii her restoration. When assured that Isola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to her own affairs, and she resolved to avail herself of the opportunity her aunt's preoccupation afforded her to make her escape to her lover. Shesaid to her: "laum sleepy. I shall retire, and Celia can stay in my room if you 'are unwilling to leave me alone." The girl was nodding in a corner; and Savella thought she would prove but an in different guard. The Senora ansoered: " You can take Celia with you; the door is locked on the outside, and you can go through this room into your own." Savella smiled, foi she had found means to slip out unbserved, and ,turn the 'key; in spite of her auxiety about Isola, the Se nora had not been oblivious of the safety' of The means of escape were open to Sa vella if she could evade the sleepy watch set-upon-her, and this she considered very easy of accomplishment. At her command Celia-made her pallet on thefloor near her own bed. A loinge had been appropriated by Senora Roselli since she had assumed :the office of duenna, and the, girl reflected -that;her relative would be ,too faitgued on ,her return to the chamber to.investigate.the state of .things very critically. She was soon in bed and Celia threw her self upon her couch and was asleep in a few minutes. So soon as her breathing assured Savella that there was no danger to apprehend from her, she arose, dressed herself in a travelling-robe, and took out her heaviest-wrappings ready for use. .Then -a' bundle-of clothing- was made up, her cap .and gown placed upon the lay 'figure, and -the bedclothes.so .disposed around it as .to induce her, aunt to, believe she, was still lying there. Every arrangement completed,. Savella donned her shawl and bonnet, lowered the lamp, and glided out and locked the door behind her. Since the house had been infested .by ,nocturnal disturbances, the lamp in the lower hall was kept burning. through the night; and with less trepidation than she might have felt, the fugitive stole down the stairs, fearful lest she should be saluted by the rappings which were heard at intervals. But all-remained quiet, and she gained the hall in safety. Savella was afraid to attempt to gain egress through the front door, lest.the watcher who remained in the chamber of her uncle should hear her and give the alarm. She hastened to the one that opened on the back piazza, and sue ceeded in turning the key that secured it. There was no moon,, but the night was clear, and as Savella's hand was laid upon the latch of the gate, a figure started from behinda neighbouring tree, and Philip Vane exclaimed: "Is it you, my angel? Have you sue-, ceeded in escaping from durance vile ? Oh, Savella, how supremely I am blessed in this auspicious hour." Savella was clasped in his arms, and she said : ",Dear Philip, I know I should find you here. Take me away, for I am frightened out of my,wits. I have come through that .haunted house alone, expecting every. mo ment- that same mysterious voice would speak to me and arrest my flight. Luckily it did not, or I should have lost my senses, I am, sure." Philip drew her to his breast and fer vently said: "Your courage has made you doubly dear to me, Savella. Our horses are in charge of my servant not far from here; we can get to the station for the one o'clock .train, and to-morrow we will be united in Baltimore." A few yards brought them to the .shelter in which hIis attendant remained ;with, the horses. The negro was ordered to return to Dunlora and report to his mistress the elopemnent of her son with the heiress, of La Foutaine, and in a few moments, the lovers were mounted, and flying in the di rection of the railroad. In two hours they reached the station; they were just in time, for in ten minutes \- the train dashed up to the platform, and again rushed through the night with speed that mocked pursuit. Philip left his horses with the station. master,.and with his hat drawn over-his brows, his.riding coat so muflled about.him as to defy recognition, he placed lavellaon the -seat beside himself, exulting in the thought that .he had outwitted them, all, and the Fontaine estate would soon be, his. Savella was supremely happy, and no doubt of the future arose to dim the dream, in which she revelled. When fatigue over came her excitement, she slept with her head resting upon Philip's broad breast, her form sustained by his arm, and she be lieved herself blessed above all women. 'When they reached Baltimore, Philip found no difliculty in getting a clergyman to unite them. Two blissful- days were spent in visiting the monuments, and then ,the newly wedded pair set out on. their re turn toDunlora. SAt the station they, found the carriage, of Mr. Vane awaiting them, and in an hour the bride was congratulated by her, new parents. Mrs. Vane said to Savella: ",You have endured a regular siege, and Philip has been in despair at your being mewed up so closely. But I think you will be your own mistress after this, and give your aunt to understand that her reign at LaFontaine is at an end. You must be my guest till the storm of her anger has subsided.; then you can take your. place,-as the ruler of your house." " Thank you; Iam glad to shelter. my -self with you from the outburst of my aunt's rage. I will sendPhilip over to bear the brunt of it, and when he has mollified her wrath by such apologies as he knows how to make, I will venture back myself. I cannot help laughing when I think of her .face .when she found the doll I had dressed ;up so nicely to represent my precious self." And Savella laughed. Mlr.,Vanewas exuberant in. hi., demon strations of joy at,welcoming his rih'ly en dowed daughter-in-law. He. slapped Philip on the shoulder and said: "'You're a lucky follow, you have won the brightest bride in the State; .and," he added, " you willhave the entire control of her fortune, for Fontaine is in no state to interfere with you." His ·son- nodded intelligently, and the schemers satdown to a supper- with shar pened appetites, and tho.agreeable.:convic tionithat Philip had only.to walk into -La Fontaine and take possession in his wife's S..name. Senora Roselli had discovered the,tuse which had deceived her. Tired and de pressed, she left the apartment of Isola, and, after g!anoing at the couch of her niece and trying the lock of the door-to see if it was still fast, -the Senora sought the • repose she needed. , She believed Savella to be sleeping- nearrher,.and never dreamed, of the catastrophe which had occurred. She slept till a late hour on the following morning, and-when she.arose she was sur .-prised to find Savella stillin-bed. She rang Sfor Cells, and said: "Wake up my niece. It is unusual fo Savella to eleep so late;but she was kept up last night beyond her usual hour for retiring." Celia called the name of her mistresm several times. Then the Sonora peevishly said i "Can't you speak loud enough to arouse her? She seems like one .of the seven I sleepers this morning." The girl obeyed her, and uttered a shriek I soloud as to terrify everyone within hear. I ng. The Sonora dropped the comb she held in her hand, and asked: "Is she dead? Has this retribution come to me for-" She paused, choked, indignant, over whelmed with sudden wrath, for Celia cried out: " It's only a doll, and the mistis is clean gone 1" The Senora sprang toward her, seized and shook her violently, as she said: "You-you-have--belped--her-to-get -away ! Don't deny it: but I-I'll have have you punished for it. see if I don't." Celia defended herself with the cons ciousness of innocence: "I 'clare 'fore my Marshlr in Heben, I don' know moro'n do dead what's come o' .her. Don' shake all de bref out'n me, 'cane I ain't got nothin' to do wi' dese hero doin's. EI Miss S'vella's gone, I don' know whar she's gone to, though I reckin I can guess who she's gone wid anyhow." " Wretch ! you helped her away; you un locked the door, or. she could never have made her escape." "I don' know nothin' bout de do.: 'Twas locked jes' now when I come up, an' I opened it to let myself in. I t'ink it's hard to be 'spected, when I ain't done nothin'." The girl's air was so truthful that the Senora saw she was speaking the truth. Sherushed across the hall, and summoned her ally to a conference. When Summer ton approached, she exclaimed: " Sh'e gone l The girl has eloped, and all our plans are dashed to the earth ! Can we not yet save her from marrying Philip Vane ?" He stood a moment as if transfixed, with the colour retreating from his face. "Why don't you speak ?" she asked. "Why do you stand there as if stricken into stone ? Follow after her-quick l It may not yet be too late." " How long has she been gone?" he asked. " Oh I cannot tell, but it must have been many hours ago. Butit cannot yet be too late to bring her back. Go, and bring Savella back to me." "It is useless now," he replied. "All pursuit would be unavailing ; for they were in time for the Northern train, which passes ilie station at one o'clock." "Telegraph, then! Have.her arrested and brought back at all hazards." ' But to what point shall I telegraph? I tell you we must make the best of this affair, and take the young man into our confidence. He will have few scruples to trouble us with, and he is as much inter ested in-in you know wscat, as we are." Her anger seemed to augment at this View of the case, and she frantically said: "You aggravate me beyond endurance. Take hin, into our councils I That would be ruin to all. Was not the discovery I made last night enough, but this disaster must follow so soon upon it? and you-you who know howv much is at stake, must talk in this manner. I shall go wild I1 I don't know what I shall not do." "I will tell you what you will do," he re plied. "The only safe course for you to pursue is this: calm yourself and act like a reasonable woman; make up your mind that Savella's marriage will take place in spite of every effort we may make. I will soon show himthat he is in our; power, and I understand him too well to fear any exposo from him. There-leave all to me; I will act for the best, you may be sure." The Senora glared on him a few -mo ments, then turned away, and silently went back to her chamber. CHAPTER XXXII. CLAUDE'e ANGEL. The house was searched for the missing girl; Sonora Roselli did not command it to be done, for she knew that Savella had passed from her control; that a man as mercenary as either herself or Summerton, was about to take possession of the wealth they had believed within their grasp; and she felt that, without some hold over Philip, he would not tolerate her presence at La Fontaine. At length she muttered: "I will find means to manage him, even if I-" The thought that arose remained unspoken, but her lips closed with their iron expression, and she ,stood looking vaguely through the window before she could command herself sufficiently to go into Isola's chamber, and inquire how she had passed the night. She found her weak, but that was to be expected after the severe suffering through which she had passed on the previous night. She said: "That will be but temporary. Your elastic constitution will soon throw off this weight, and you will regain your usual health. W~o you do recover, I wish that I could place you in the position which is held by my ungrateful niece. You have heard that she is gone; a few hours will make her the wife of Philip Vane." "Yes-I know that Savella has eloped with him. I fear her dReam of bliss will not last long. She adores Philip, and he-" She-paused abruptly, and the Senora took up her words, and went on in an ex cited tone: ' And he has sold himself for the money he expects to gain. I know that this man loved you, Isola; that he sought you till Savella came to claim the inheritance he ,thought would beyours. Good morning, I \- must go to breakfast now, and you are still too weak to stand much talking. I have something Importantto say to you which I thinkyou will be glad to hear; but I must defer it till yr-' are in a condition to bear .excitement." Wonderingwhat the Senora could have to communicate to her, but too feeble to Sgive her mind to conjecture,Isola saw her depart,.and. after :taking ,the nourishment Aggy had prepared for her, she sank into a half dreamy state. Isola was conscious .that Summerton came to herside and felther pulse; but she could not .arouse herself sufficiently to speak to him. At moments she felt as if floating upon a cloud:of light,' with soft musical dnurmurs gliding thirough the sea of golden mist that sustai;ied her, and angel faces~seemed-to sweep around het, bending looks of love upon her pale face. From this dreamy enchantment eshe was moused by a voice she loved, and starting Into consolousness, she saw.Miss Carleton bending over her with an expression of tender solicitude upon her fair face. When she saw Isola's black eyes open and rest on her with recognition, she said: "My dear child, I have come to claim you as my own from this time forth, and I find you thus. What has caused this at tack, for of late you have appeared restored to health ?" With an effort, Isola banished the sweet fantasies that filled her mind, and collec tedly replied;: "I ould not have been strong, cousin Carrie; for the odour of the paint made me very ill. But for Mr. Summerton's medical skill, I must have died." "So Aggy has told me. I am grateful to him for his kindness. I hoped to take you back with me to the Vale, but in your pre sent state it willbe impossible to do so. I shall send the carriage back, and remain here until you are able to return with me." "Thank you, dear friend. I know I should be very grateful to the Senora and IMr. Summerton, but I am afraid I am not so much as they deserve, for I cannot help shrinking from them when they come near me. Very wicked, isn't it, when they have saved my life ?" "After all you have borne from them, I think your feelings natural. One benefit cannot destroy the memory of a series of insults such as you have been lately made to endure. But they are at an end, Isola; you shall be my daughter till George re turns to claim his darling; we have news from the noble fellow. Letters came this morning, and here is one for you." Her face brightened, and she spoke with animation : " Let me see it ;place it upon my pillow till lam strong enough to read it; but tell me what he says in yours." Mliss Carleton smiled as she obeyed her: "Here is your missive; George writes in high spirits; he is delighted with St. Petersburg, where lihe has already made many acquaintances and one friend. His presence of mind enabled him to save a stranger from death when his horses had taken fright, and he and George have be come friends. But he will tell you all about it, for he seems fascinated by this Baron Fontani." "Pontani !" repeated Isola, "the name is like ours." "It is doubtless the same name with an Italian termination, for George says he is from this country ; he is in the employ ment of the Czar as an engineer, and has won high rank byhis services." Though Isola showed interest in the con versation, Miss Carleton could see she was overtaxing herself, and she placed her hand on her lips as she was about to speak again, and said: " Best now, Isola, for you are too weak to bear excitement. 1 will leave you to re pose, and talk awhile with the Senora. I may be able to induce her to forgive her niece for the escapade she has made." Isola closed her eyes, and like a tired child she fell off into a deep sleep murmur ing: "Poor javella, I am afraid she will find dust and ashes where she expects to find the fruits of Paradise." Miss Carleton descended to the sitting room, where she found Summerton and the Senora in consultation. She would have retired, but the former advanced with quiet ease, and courteously said: "Pray come in, Miss Carleton; we are only talking over the distressing event of the past night. You doubtless feel it as we do, though not so keenly as those who have loved and protected this wilful girl from her infancy. Can you tell us anything of Mr. Vane that is calculated to console us for the fatal step Savella has taken ?" Miss Carleton said: "I have known Philip from his boyhood, and until lately I have thought highly of him. He is amiable and well-bred, and he'will always treat Sa vella with.tho kindness and respect due to his wife." "Ah ( if we could only believe that Mr. Vane is attached to her," sighed the hypo crite; " but you know that hearts are not recalled at will and given again at the op tion of their owner. I fear that La Fon taine was the object of his affections, and not the girl who is now its possessor." Her face changed, and she spoke with as perity: " This place belongs to Mr. Fontaine, and neither Philip nor any one else can assert a claim to it while he lives. His friends hope to see him yet restored to the enjoyment of his own; and Philip could not have looked forward to the possession of this estate;" In his most dulcet tones Sunmnerton re plied: "I haveno doubt Mr. Vane will claim it as aportion of his wife's inhdritance. You are notaware, perhaps, but young Vane is, that Mr. Fontaine is indebted to hlis niece for the wasted income of her father's pro perty from the day it came into his posses sion. Since his illness I have looked into the condition of his pecuniary affairs, and LaFontaine, with everything upon it, will scarcely suffice to liquidate Inc debt." Mliss Carleton became pale; she asked: "Is it, then, your purpose to strip Mr. Fontaine of everything? to turn him out of the house in whlich he was born? Can Savella attempt to do this ?" ' It is not a question of what Savella will do," replied the suave voice, but of what her husband will be capable of doing. If I judge Mr. Vane aright, hlie will be as re lentless as Shylocki in exacting his pound of flesh. I ask you if you believe that Philip Vane will be so hard as to proceed to ex treme measures? for I may be mistaken in myestimate of him. If you agree with me, I will endeavour to take such steps as may protect Mr. Fontaine from his cupidity." After a. painful pause, Miss Carleton said: " I should be .sorry to think Philip cap able of committing so great a wrong; but I cannot answer. for him. He has disap. pointed me in other things, and he may prove grasping in this. Excuse me, Mr. Summerton; this conversation is oppres sive to me. I must walk in the open air to regain my equanimity." She passed out of the room, convinced in her own mind that these schemers had laid their plans for the impoverishment of her old friend, and only desired to learn from her how far Philip was to be trusted to carry them out, and take on himself ,the odiumot their coRsummation. She walked on the piazza tili her spi rits became more composed, and then a desire seized her to see Fontaine herself, and judge it his condition afforded no hope of ultimate restoration. She turned the green blind which opeded from',the li brary window, and saw Cosear nodding in his chair near the door. While'sohehesal. tated as to the propriety of entering, Dr. Dinolair rode up and dismounted. (2'o be costinurd) 