Be-openmng of the Illenborough etro .t Wesleyan Church. THE REV. J. WATSFORD'S VISIT TO IPSWICH. THE THREE DAYS' CONVENTION. Some time ago it was agreed that the rer. vies to celebrate the reopening of the above church should extend over two Su, drys, and it was arranged that the services en the second BSbbath should he conducted by the Rev. J. Wateford, of Melbourne, who had kindly cou sented to do so when requested. His coming had been loqked forward to by quite a large 'number of persons, and, as Sunday last was the day set apart for his mioietrations, it was anticipated that large ooogregations would be present, and so it proved. At the morning service there was really a large at tendanoe. The rev. gentlem'a, who spoke with much enthasisam. and intense earnest. ness, obese as his text the third verse of the 44th chapter of the book of Isaiah, "For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the drygroend: I will pour my spirit opoen tbhy sed, and my blessing upon thine offaprieg." They would all know, he said, that the figure aeed in the test was a frequent one in the Bible when the work of the, spirit was referred .to. One line explained the other, One read "'I will poor water," and the other, "I will pour my spirit." When God said' that He would paor water, He meant that the Holy. 8pirit would do for the soul what water would do for the body- refresh, olesnae..and purify it. There wle the promissein thbe. text that the gift of the Holy Ghost would be poured out. It would be noticed, too, that the words used re ferred to abiundaooe net that the..wate 'would be sprinkled, bat tlatto would be poured out o flhods upon the dry ground ; so they bad there, not the outpouring of the spirit, but the promise of the abundant outpouring of that spirit. There Were three ways in which the words were used and told be applied:- Ftrstly, the abundant outpouring of the spirit upon the believers who thirsted after it; necundly, opon the children of OoGd's'pleople; snd'thirdly,.upa the Chnoh.aad the world. It was to those particulars that be desired to direct their prayerful attention, and he would beseoh of them to pray that God that morn ing wonuldfafi81 his promise, and, whilst they were there, your out His Spirit abundantly opon his people, and upon the children of his people in floodds. They 'would'll know from God's Word that every true believer had re oeived the spliti, and .a he -Holy Ghoat dwelling within him ey her which the speaker proed b1 qcotigta eapaeuges from, the Holy Word.' Baa, then that was not; the tulness of the spirit; it was possible to' lave the h olg Ghobe:an'd et ngt tave, -se 'abundant beajtilo'a 'the Holy Ghost, or the fulness of the spirit, Tlte Holy Ghost; might have posseseionof a believer, and yea not have fulltposseasion.. But be did not leave, on that' aooont, He femaineddad cohvinoed the believer of Inbred sin, and ereated a desire in him for full deliveranoe, and. when that took'plad, the,Eouy Oheatwionlel take ill poesiei?itn t was tts that theliadlples liad ceseivedwe the day of -Pentenot. There could be no doubt thatlthe disciples had a measure of the;Spiritprevionsly, bhat on that day they ieoeve& ?geater, measure of the Holy Ghoet thin they had ever possessed be. fore, and they becamdyfar, different men. On that memorable dry t?ats were filled with the Holy Ghost ; not. wrilth e itfioence or some power, but with the Ho'y Ghost, the third 'pbsonioi theigloriose Trissty. He took fall ,isbnsion ofdebemo;atd'thhy h pre rekllly od acomptleldy breogntander Hi in luence, body, oulpand.eplrit Not that th?little heart of man' oould ever contain 'li the inflaite spirit, but. ust ase that-Cbuibh w.?sfilled with'the light'of thebs?ea so the believer teas filled with the 'Hdlp Ghiestorwho, took entirg' pose~ion, and every sook had corae "o.the eril 'was possesedby theBpirit. Lbavinhgn6t'bfjgahes. tion the miraculons power, there were twothbioe specially notjiapble about the..oly 'Spirlts work, ,qthe 4sloiplep on.the day of Pe?esoost. Ftrstly, it olatpd spd. purged. awaysyt the evils that weraeplogisg'ad cleaving to them aed that weald!thiper:theta In their.work forOod, and delivrsa,tbm from the fear of man that briogethjantssrei.; ter ihat,.they went out with .all, bol4pesp, and fearlessly preaobed in tbse name of God. 'hat blessing, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, wis for all of them for ill plofessigg Christians in ,the land, Ha'would entreat .qmnut tq be satisfied till they had gained"? ther; ilpge,,for.it had been promised to thep??t.;$erta d, and it would he given withoun;limitetion or restriction. For want of aooepjag that promiee,, some.were babes. in Christ when theyalhold be strong in the Lord they were, as t1w , .playing, on the hoets when thleyshhtid ?v la? ncohed out into the deep. Ha p'yd:that te Holy lhost would coneit ; l~aia t'eer--batet was their du?y to bqfiludwl? h te 4 alet . The.preuoher then appealed oapet _mresIjy to teachers, workers, and all toa,mes a.fu surrender to Christ, and then they wonlp be typly filled with the' Holy Ghost. He ? p., wppt on to.notice, .in. the second plaos, tha thyre hbad been an abandsat out-pouring 4. the Wpiit promised to the ohiljlrappf.God?o people....Thepresohar, with all esneseea yppeqjed o parents to do their duty pi'tb'hjy~ls ld and pointed out that there werp pen l ad~ ee in seeking the salva. tion of them, thr t oould .not be delegated to others, .He spoke on thp necessity there was for faithful .prygr, and eppe tiled. to allto be unwavering itq tht respect, and to pray on for their qgilpren welfare... In aoonolsion, he asked bthse belsqve?o present, those children of prayneo,?.apnts to seek apd obtain the falaesa 'of the Holy'Ghlst, I. tibe.aieruooe ,young people's service was held,, at which there was a large number present, a: plsleo,f'.adplts...The service, throughout, was Oharecterised by a spirit of deep .earpestnes,, 'Mr, Wateford, wh6 off0iated, gave ~e n"pe ted tonching address to the yqung.ppop?e the lovelf Christ and His power to kseep.and patanoed many oases of conversipn ,Ip tte' come under his aotione. He ooounuaded ey In uivitstioa to all who bed not deeided1for ,Cria? to do so at once, fur it was a douty tpb pwoed tp God,..and waes the only path of true heppine, . At.night the church was eo. rowded that there was not an. avulable seat to be found. The Rev. '. Wateford again officiated, choosing for his text the words, " Behold, Iltand at the door and knook ; if any man hear my voeio and open the door, .I will oome unto him and sop with him aed he with Me." This waes one of those paesages in God's word, the speaker said, that we could not, and most not, gaet away from. They had been words of great blessing, and had brought faith and hope to many a poor debpair ing col. The text weedividedi uto two part, the frst being that which said, '"Behold,I nstnd at the door aneil knook." The frst part of this figare clearly showed thait Christ wanted to save men. It one saws man standing at the door of a house and knookinig, one came to the conaclneion that bhe wanted tobhae ommunictoto with those within. bhriat, by adopting the same means, showed that He wanted to enter the hearts of those to whom His Word was directed. an dto blesaind save everyone. He wished to refer first to the door of the bheart of the no saved eianer-the man who was living in sin and rebellion against God. An idea had got among seuch that God did not want to have anything to do with them-that de was an angry God?,opposed to,and farawayfrom,them. But that was not so, for He was a God of love -loving every man io this world of ours, and wanting to save every poor sinner from one end of ct to the other. Every sentence and verse that was read fromnthe Bible, and every sermon that wan listened to, weeas one of Christ's knooke at the door of the heart. The Government of the world was in the hands of Jesus, and all dispensations of His Providecoe were Christ's knocking at the door aud eeking to save men, Then to the backelider Chei eaid, " Return to me and I will return to yon, reoelve yon greoiouslly ad love pou freely." Be (theepeaker) nextreferred to theluke-warm pro. fessor of religion-the man who kept up the outward form of it, but had little, if any. of irs Ilfe and honour within him. Like the l?todieanos, the mistake that snob men made was that Christ was knockieg at the door of some one else's heart, and not at'theirs, but Christ would continue Bis appeal till they had creasoed the line when nothing in the world c u'd save them. How beanutful Christ's t-,il,r anvd compassionate knock at the hearts of men was put in the hym- • Behold dHm a onding at the door, And h-er Him Irleadinl ever ..vr'e. Say, weary soul, oppressed wit sin, May I come in, May I eome i,." But, if the appeal were not listeoed to, a d .y of retribution and punishmeot must comei "Behold, I etaod at the door and knook"-thae was as far as Christ conld go. He could not force in tvh door and enter. That lot:le word " if." hbow important it was in thin conneotion! Any man might refuse to hear the voice and open the dcor, and if he df termined on this there was no power in Heaven or on earth that could compel himto do otherwise Man was botapoor little puny thing if he set himself up egairst God's work, as he would fled if he commanded the sun not to rise or the tide to stop; but, at the same time, if he chose to say that he would not allow Christ to s've him. thee Christ never could. The responsibility rested with men, be' cause they alone could open the door to bhe saved. If there was a door between the people inside a house and anyone outside it, then it mnst be opened before the outsider could come in. In the same way, whatesve sltrol between msn and Christ must be removed botore He could enter, even though it might appear to be as essential as the right eye, or as useful as the r ght arm. Let Christ do His owe eorkinSia oon way, then Be would have union and com. ,d-nion with the soul, and there would be,a reciprooal delight. The text said, "If any man hear my voice and open, I will come in." Many a poor man had thought that he had committed the unpardonable sin. but it was a comfort to know that the gospel was wide enough to take in every man in the world. In conclusion, the speaker made an earneat appeal to the unsaved to heed Christ's knock, and open the door of their hearts to Him that nigly. lie knocked tenderly, patiently, and loudly, but He would not knock for ev, r; there meest be some last appeal. No preparation of the heart for His reception was nocessery: All thet was required was simply to open the door sand let Him in. The sermon was delivered .in an exceediugly simple and earnest atyle, and was listened to with the most ineonse -iterest throughout. The oonvention, which has been looked for ward to with pleasurable :'ticipation by the adhereati of the Church and others, was opened in thetharob yesterday aftedroer. The object of the convention is for the deepening of the spiritual life of the people in the chorches. Progeediugs were, commenced at 8 o' look, when there' wad a fair satndaoce, and the RBv" J. Wateford presided.: H gai'e' a in teresrtig ecoount of the conventiors receot t held at Geeloog, Sydney, and. lanceston.: The Revs. A Hutchison. T. Brassington, J. A. Nolan, and W. H HHarisenware also prieent The convention was continued in the evening, when there was a very good attendance. Tn' Reve J. Wateford again presided, and Iniddi. tion to the ministere Who werd present in the afternoon there were the Revs. J. Walker, B. Stewart, and T. Breewood. After the pro. oeedings had been opened by the Chairman, Mr, Harrison gave a pract cal address, com. menoing by stating that he was very glad to be there to share in the good things of the oo-n ventiob. ie sympathised with-the ?bjdte of the convention, and said that he looked upon their gathering as coming to the Maste coming to the spirit, or, .more itridl speaking, . coming to the manifestation of the holy- ipirit. In dohnldtig 'his' rb - marks, he urged those present to give thesi hearts to God. The Chairman then spoke at considerable length on Jeremniah xiii.', 27verse -" Oh, fernsatem, wilt thou not be madeolcan? when anall it ogoe be ?" $'rom thep words, he delivered a stirring aodres;, pointing out' that God was ooscarerd for the salvation of every nian ihille brorld, and conobreed for the tall salvation of the people. God wanted, a holy people-a people cleansed from all inlquity. He dealt at lengthb on' thej three words 5"what," "how," and "when," and looidly explained eacht, his temslaeleing 'ostat atentively listenep to. At the on?rls sion of an impressivb address he made a strong appeal to those present to give them' selves to God, which was largeltjie*?hdda? to. The convention meetings, whlohbaredfa high'ly' interesting nature, will be continued at 3 o'clook this afternoon, when a large attendasra' is anticipated. Owing to pressure in our space, w. are unable to give a more detailed aooonnt of the proceedings. In corneotion with to. morrow evening's meeting, an opoonair service will be held at the Foontain at 6'60 o'clook. 