A STRANGE WAR STORY. f At-the breaking out of the civil war I was a mere boy, and our nearest neighbor was a Horrid-faced, kind- s Both hearted, generous old Quaker. he and hU good wife had bsen reared in the south, and after the liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty, still retained enough to surround themselvesand family with ail the comfor^inrbich the people of their simple faira^S&re; to possess. In those days their great stone house with its thick walls, broad verandahs, and low windows, mot my idea of the castles which were mixed up with my meagre knowledge of medieval times. The macadamised read that ran through the farm was lined on either side with l b locust trees, that in the period of blooming made the air heavy with the perfume of the graceful white blossoms waving in the background of green that they almost concealed. A never-failing spring that bubbled up through moss- grown stone was embowered in the overhanging branches of strong-trunked weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich swardt and wound among towering maples. The garden had the earliest, the latest, and the sweetest flowers. The stock was the fattest and the best bared for. The negroes who would not leave a kind master iand mistress, found a life of comparitive ease and plenty with them The handsome old gentleman was " Grandpa Waterson " to all of us, and the wife, who allowed no visiting boy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellow apples, mince pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidence of a kindness that took all the world into her heart, was always " grandma." No nobler pair ever trod the pathway of life together, and the sorrows that came upon them suggested ta me as a boy the inscrutable ways of Providence. There 'were two sons in the family, models of physical perteotion and manly courage* : No handsomer could be found; They were over six feet tall, had the light curly bair, the bine eyes iand the fresh complexion so conspicuous in men of Anglo-Saxon origin. They Were highly _ educated, and idolised not t£ e 'parents' but by the font fa aigletg> »nd imtold scorea of bkher people's sisters. One had gone west, and eoon eitablised a popularity that placed him in a Yesponsible public position. The, other faad remained at 'home and relieved *Grandpa Waterson of ievery business care. ; The itartlihg aews of abtive hostilities daah^d dyer the .country. Henry* the older - son, reaigned his offic«r and surprised us all - - by appearing ; One afternoon . withWt : ^previous nolice. The warm iamily. jgreeting over, Henry called bis brother out for a walk, and forgetfal that ' little pimhsrs have esirs,' they allowed mt to aaunter along. ' At the . springwe 'all drank, and then followed »long tramp in the - ahade of the-locuits. I -almost let out a shoot of taingl^ tetwr and suipnae when I heard gebrj W ^.jjClw^p'^ .in ^ Iwagoage ilhey r ha4 aW^a used at home, ' Gharlen, I hive tlecided to enlist.' ; : ;, have;- already' done ap/ i. ^jHiee cim't meant .it Do.£ather iand mother r 4cnow^V . ' f " *I Jprom^d !i Rrtth to tell them tonighjt. ItV more terrible to me than tifo""dread ''of wVt'-V-.'v; I" - r "- '-Thee ts"' merer; ' to them than I, Charley- ' I' will break tha news to soothe mother or Jbreak ^the news so gently rai he. v I,«m more than sorry? that' thise ' Itu taken' this "atepj, for X ci^ae home'to prevent It r I wanted to sure that one son and one brother would borlefc. But it is too late. I have consented to ieomaiand a regiment of shur^chooters, and cannot honorably disappoint them. I will have a gallant lot of boys at my back .' Here l broke away so full of importance that I rait at top spaed. I was going to tell Grandma Waterson. I would not have . those two handsome fellows stepping bullets. Bitt I met Lydia, as pretty a maiden as ever donned a drab dress or dropped a modest pair of eyes, and called all her friends by their first names. ' Lydia/I shouted between breaths, ' Henry and Charlie are going to enlist. It must be stopped/ and by that time the girl was pale as a ghost, and leaning against the nearest tree. * Don't thee say another word,' she commanded in a determined voice..Not another word. This must' come from brother Henry or Charles. But it will break Mother's heart, and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just for sympathy. Only in after years did I learn what followed. Henry, in his manly straightforward way, told his father all- Pleading, argument, and persuasion on the patt of the afflicted old man were in vain. It was contrary to the dectrine of the non-resistance, a tenet of the chureh; it was raising the hand of his son against the relatives who were left in the south, but the brothers firmly clung to their determination, gently persisting and doing all possible to soften the poignant grief they inflicted. Grandpa Waterson's lips quivered as he bade Henry goodbye, and the brokenhearted mother clung to the neck of her eldest born until unconsciousness released her from the pang of actual parting. A few days later Charles rode forfe^f on his own horse, a gallant black, Kentucky lineage, and everybdd^ agreed that no finer braver boy would de battle for the anion. He joined the Ringgold Cavalry. Early in the year he was left wounded on the field, and was kindly cared for by a southern amily. His chief nurse was a pretty ittle rebel with soft, wavy hair, great rown eyed, inviting lips, and a disposition as cheery as the clear sunshine after an April shower. Ho woman had a right to resist that big, brave, handsome fellow, aud there the union soldier was betrothed to the bnwitching champion of secession. Then Annie, for that was her name, began to correspond with Rath, and through this intangible link of connection, the whole family lell in love with the little confederate. Charles rejoined his troops as soon as able. After a desperate engagement his company was scattered, and he was hemmed in oa every side except where the ragged mountains of Virginia towered up behind him, boldly he turned the black, werfc flying over footpaths, leaping chasms, and forcing his way where few could follow, But there was bold mountaineers in chase, and when they brought Charles to biy, the gallant stand he made, drawing his sabre when his revolvers were emptied, saved his life for a time. His desperate courage won the heart of the southerners, and they persisted utitil he was taken alive* He ft as seat to Libby, made his es cape, went for days without food, and at length he found it, ate so much that death followed quickly upon the pangs of starvation. Henry's record was as brief as glorious. His regiment worshipped b s him. No man of them, westerner* though they were, could outride or oucshoot him- He led wherever he asked his men to go. A giant in strength, he was a hero in courage. At Pleasant Hill, La., he was shot from his horse but still fought on. and, after being fatally wounded, three ot the enemy bit the dust before bis hand dropped senseless to the ground. His remains csme home, and never was brother, Bon, and neighbor more sincerely mourned. Charley's story Was never learned until after the war. Bat now comes a sequel stronger than the story itself. Grandpa Waterson and his wife had borne their sorrows with a fortitude that only people like them can understand. They talked of their lost boys; and together found a grim pleasure in reviewing the childhood, the youthful experiences and the maniy qualities of their dead sons. Time and time have I seen them at the end of the front verandah, overgrown with honeysuckles, sitting hand in hand talking of Henry and Charles. One day a letter came from Annie, announcing that she would visit the Watersong. There was great prepara - tioo. for she would have been Charles, wife had he lived, and she was dear to them in her own right, for she had never ceased to send those welcome letters, always bright and cheery save when CharlW fate forced ifcs way into hertboughte, ^; She oame to a royal ; welcome. I imagine mow that T was over- officious in pilditing h<?r round, pointing out eyeiytl|iqg that Charles - was ever 'associated with, and gabbling away as a boy; whose.Toiee is at the hen- cackling stage of advancement, will. "Thee is a great comfort to us,' Grandpa Waterson used to sty to Annie* and when grandma got her arms , around the pretty southerner, there was always a gentle kiss and a ftweet-Yoicedassusance that Annie was just as dear as though she were a danglttier. /. Then came a surprise in the shape, ojf a handsome, showy, bold-faced woman, who announced herself as having bean -the affianced of Colonel Waterson, killed at Pleasant Hill. She had long meant to visit the family and make herself known, but had not been able to do so. Calonel Waterson had. left everything to her, and she produced a will at that late day purporting to have been made by him. She waa welcomed with old-school courtesy, but there was a sober look on every face that she encountered. I called Annie out at once and held an indignation meeting. That woman was a fraud, and I knew it. Henry was net the man to fall in love with any such specimen of her sex. I dedicated my *time wholly, then and there, to watching her moveaients and proving my opinion. The result will suffice without the details of my detective work- Grandpa Waterson's watch was missed. All of Annie's most valuable jewellegy disappeared, and the adventuress complained loud and often about robberies, charging that she never could trust * niggers.' Then Grandma would gently chide her, and say : 'Thee should not judge. All these people are old friends of mine, and faithful.' The fraud would turn up her nose and put on a look ot contempt that always set me boiiiag. One day at the spring she leaned over to use the clear water as a mirror, and from somewhere about her person dropped the big gold watch that Grandpa Waterson prized most as an heirloom. I bad it in a twinkling, and the angry shouts of the woman only added to my speed. I told grandpa, everybody. I wanted her arrested, but, < Thee must leave that matter entirely ts» me,' checked my ardor. * There must be no talk,' he continued. ' I will see that this woman leaves us. Don't plead for her, mother. I will only dismiss her, that is all* ... And he did, after everytnmg nad been recovered and the false will destroyed. We never heard of her again. The very next afternoon there was a great clatter of a horse's feet up the hard road. The rider came like a rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was, I think that everyone fainted ut Annie and mjself. She emitted omething between a shriek and a gurgle, vaulted over the verandah railing, and landed right in the arms of—big handsome Charley. He was alive ; he was well. All that we had hoard was false. He had survived his suffering alter a long illness in the family of a poor but kind mountaineer, and there he was, the picture of health with Annie in his arms. I sprang into the saddle with a maniacal yell- I got two.little darkeys on behind me. We tore over the yard in wild delight, and soon all the folks about the farm were shouting, crying, and welcoming Massa Charles. 4 God bless thee, son,' was all grandma could say then, while the good o'd gentleman bliuked, tried to loik calm as the tears rolled doitrn his cheeks, and then he sobbed : " Charles, Henry's wish is fulfilled. Thee is left to bless our old age, and thee has also brought us Annie."— Detroit Free ? 