SCBATCHINGS IN THE CITY. BY A PENCIL. That every line which written here 'may lm Jio to its mark straight find unerringly; eve^jr laugh be dean and fairJy bought: »i-i! conuemnatioB. never go unsought ? That cut, or thrust or lend approving cheer, Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. Since Mr. Stead published his Books of Ghosts a great deal of interest has been revived concerning the mysterious questions involved. In the hotels, whilst men. hold communion with material spirits their talk turns upon spirits not material, and the man who cannot tell a ghost story, either from his own experience or from his imagination, is contemned as a common place or unenterprising fellow of very little account. Consequently the previous record of nerve-shattering anecdotes has recently been badly beaten. Let me give a sample or two represent ing, not the fruits of a vivid fancy, but facts which I have carefully authenticated. I donotaceountforthenj; I cannot account for them. Neither am I nervous about them. I have a notion that a full-blooded Australian or Englishman, alive and vigorous> is a match for any diaphanous spectre, and I have never yet heard of a ghost or a whole company of ghosts putting themselves into a fighting attitude when they go out to take the atmosphere. Example number one is recalled by the story of Deeming or Swanston or Williams's brother having dreamt that he saw his sister-in-law and her family being mur dered at Bainhill, a fact which, one would think, he might have mentioned before the atrocities were disclosed. The scene of my case is at Moonta Mines 5 the time, about f >urteen years ago. An olcLgentleman who had lived on the Peninsula went to "Victoria, leaving behind him, amongst otherrelatives, a son. This son was passionately fond of his father, and his grief when he was in formed by letter one day of his father's serious illness may be understood. At five o'clock the next afternoon, whilst suffering great mental anxiety, he looted at a heap of stuff surrounding the mouth of the shaft near to which he was working, and distinctly saw the shadowy form of his father half-walking half-floating over it. Suddenly the figure disappeared, and the son had a presentiment that his father died'at- that time. As soon as he reached his home the son wrote to his relatives in. Vic toria a letter describing what had happened, aad that letter crossed a message from Vic toria stating that the father had died, allowing for difference of time between South Australia and Victoria, at the very moment when his apparition was seen. About three miles from Adelaide are the remains of a fine villa which has long been crumbling to decay, nobody caring to occupy it. For at least fifteen years last past people would not buy it, or rent it, or e'en live in it for nothing or for actual payment. It is the common belief that the place is haunted, and that ?it is a sort of clandestine meeting-roomfor doubtfully res pectable shadow-land folks whose skeletons lie in a graveyard not very far distent. Superstitious dwellers upon the earth have even discovered a smell of brimstone per vading the villa in the early morning fol lowing one of these spectral high jinks. Their imaginations doubtless assist their noses. If those people had had less fear and more commonsense they would have tried to ascertain the cause of the idea that the I house was haunted, as a friend of mina now in Sew Zealand, once did to his own great advantage. VV ion living in ztn English countrj where he had just arrived he was greatly attracted by the beauty of an estate which, however, had been allowed to get very mach out of repair. He found that the reason for neglect was the notion that the house was the meeting-place for ghostly visitants, who ought to be lying quietly in their graves underground instead of keeping bad hours out of their graves above ground. The superstitious villagers even said that little black devils had been seen flying upon india- rubbery wings against the windows. My friend told them that he would pass the night alone in the house, or interview the uncanny company who hied thither. The residents in the neighborhood admired his courage more than his judgment. The local doctor called casually to say that if the plucky man should require special accommodation next day on account of the terrible fright he would be sure to get, a nice private asylum would be available for him npon the most reasonable terms. The local Undertaker, too, took such an interest in the case that he magnanimously offered, if the shock should kill my friend, to bury at 10« discount as a recognition of the excellent advertisement which the thing would be to him. The hardy stranger* nevertheless, persisted, stayed in the house next night, appeared next morning as jolly and robust as ever, and straightway bought the property. The only cause for the terrible apprehensions of the visitors was the fact that bats had taken possession of the house, and these gruesome creatures performed the parts of flying devils in the excited imagination of the villagers. That was in England, where the minds of ignorant people are strongly impressed with many blood-freezing and hair-straight ening traditions. Such superstition can be better accounted for there than here, at present at any rate, when the part of the population which came from England has been so filtered down amongst the native born who nave no tradition. I remember as a child the haunted house which used to stand near the Bald Hill, Kapunda. Many a tame have I sat afar off with chairing teeth at night, and watched with strange fascination for the appearance of the witches and ghosts and their suite who were reported to have lived in the cottage, and who, if they did live there, must have been rather cramped for room. But, when you comeio think of it, a genuine ghost does not require any more space than a sheet o tissue piper or a ray of sunlight. Tha was morethan twenty-five years ago, bow ever, and people are wiser now than they were ihenA Yet even in one of the best pasts of one of the suburbs there is to-day under offer a very fine commodious house which costi a great deal of money in the building not. long ago, and which may now be purchased for one half of the amount, or even less than, that. The reason is that nearly everybody reports it-to be haunted, and even the most strong-minded men who do not believe in "hosts any more than the devil believes in Scripture, will not buy it as a bargain or rent it upon the most nominal terms, because of the fearsomeness of their wives. When I get a spare night I must go and investigate that villa. I have a fanciful idea that the ghosts that make the mjsteri~ ous noises of which complaint is heard, are only rats that live in some convenient drain pipe. A really mysterious thing- Itappened lately in the same suburb, and . But I will tell you all about it some other time. 