Siipicmc Court, III It* HlilUH I-Ol-tM ?Tlll'lNlllfi- tlon. SATUIUUY, AUGUST It.-., Ilefore Ills Honor Judgo Adams, Ullbort v. Tltley, claim £6/1/. for rent, mul potsoslon of n eottngo nnd land In Dodgln itrool, Wynynnl. Mr. T. .T. Orlsn appeared for tho plaintiff, mid Mr. P. Knowles Miller for tho defen dant. Mary Gilbert deposed, t'int slia And tier Into husband had n life lcoso of the properly from the defendant in consideration nf their building tho cottage, and when her liuMinnd dial she remained In possession. Aftor his death a friend nskcil her to slay with her for a few weeks. Him topic her tilings out of tliu eottngo ns the door was not secure, rending tlio key nftorwai-ds to Mr. Tltloy In nrilor that he might get in to repair tho cntUigo. When hIiu got back nnil asked Tltley for the key he asked why sliu had rent it In him, t3 which she replied that it was for him to re mil- the passage. ' Afterwards he gave her his hand nlid promised she should Imvo the cottage n's foon as the man to whom he hntl Id tho collngo left. Thu man loft that. week tiio then went to Tltley and nsked for tho kcyniulhu refused to give it up, telling Hie then tcimnt, Mr. Jones, that Hliohud nothing tndo- irlth-ir-. When shu asked for. posses sion on a third occasion and a refund of rents received At. the rate of II. n week Tltley re fused. Her husband had built the house on Tit ley's lnml nt his own exponseon condition nf receiving tho Icnsontl/. a vcrir for their lives. Bliu never dreamt o£ giving lip pos session butnlways Intended to come back. To Mr. Miller— She arranged for thu re pair, both before nnd- lifter she loft. Tltley ngroed to' rcpntr it, bo it Id not nsk her where bIio -was going, but bo knew, Shu nover had n conversation with Mr. J. W. Maraclts n8 to leaving tho cottage, sho showed Mm tho leaso before sho moved to seo If It wn'.right; but did not tny any thinit to him about giving up poescMlon. She tnliV him sho was going to stay for n short time with Mr. mid Mm. Butler till her mind was reconciled to her hiisbund's deuth. 81 o did not tell him tlio l.luce -Ililii-t suit lier but only thnt It wanlcil impairing. Sho did not tell him that sho wns alrald of seeing her husband's ghost, she was not nfralcl of the dead. Margctts ndvlscd her to let tho ft tor -/.- A wiok. Sho had 1*1 no further conversation with Maigetts, she did not tell Id m he couhl take some slabs that sho left. When she sent the key to Tltley she said she wnsconilim back soon. William J. Tltley said that he knew that the plaintiff was leaving the cottage by see Inir the booiIb going Into the cart, lie went n\n siT if Mrs Gilbert was going away, nndn-kedlf she wns, to which she replied, « 1 sm.' She Fnld she wnsgolng where flic would lie right cnuugh. He replied, ' I hopu to, hut thiiiKH don't nlways turn out ns you (inllelpnte. Ucmcmber I nm always your friend.' The key was sent to him wine three days after. Mrs. Gilbert never nskwl him to do any repairs. Sho took Away tho WAtcr tAnk In the cart. When hi! got tho key back he lot tho house to Mr. Porter. She left the houso on Jnunary -I of tills year. AftctwimU fhe came nnil minted tho key l«ck. He told her ho couhl not give It to her then, as It mndu such a foolish business uf It, nnd nsked her why sho had sent It luck to which tdio replied Hint sho did not know. A few days after when she asked for the key again, he »nld, ' Don't bother mu ; whv didn't you keen the key when you hail it .''' Ho told her lie, dtil not want the key, nnil asked her why sho had sent it down. Sho raid 'To get some repairs done.' He said that the lawyers told bur to say that, to which she Assented. To Ills Honour: When goods wero re moved nothing wns snld about her taking t'io kov. He wns under the impression thnt she wm going nwny for good, but she did not then glvo np possession. J. W. Mnrg'jtts lmd hnd a conversation with plaintiff on January 2 about the lcaso nf her cottngc. She came to nsk him to look at tho lease, nnd to ndviso her as to whether the could hold it. He told her yes, the then told him sho was, colng to leave on Monday, an the bouse was so dilapidated that sho could not live in It, nnd showed him her grounds of complaint. «he evldentlj wanted Mr. Tltley to repair It. Sho said sho fancied that sbo could fee her liuibnnd in the position' that he had died, in the fitting room. Ho told her that It his ghost could Micak to her, he would tell her that she was .lotngn loollsh thing in thraw -intr her home nwny, and advised her to keep It »nd let it for 5 . n week If she did. not want to live In It. Sho said she wouldn't keep it, but gave .up the key, ho tol.hbcr that In all fairness to Mr. Tltley, she thould cive up the lease as well as the key, fis thu 'retaining of i the lease might Icaii to n law suit. Ho bought some garden tools of her nnd bIio wanted to sell him the water tnnk. On a subsequent occasion sho told Mm that slio had only sent the key to Mr. ^il^Mi'il'e'r'nml'nlaliied, thnt the plaintiff being frightened by the fenr of seeing her hUHhnndV ghost, hnd absolutely rnn.lo up her mind to give up the cottage, but nfter wan'8 seeing her folly, tried to get bnek ^Sl™llJe'=n?(:r&trhe8t;?rf.S Sduly cancelled by act and operation of Jaw bv the surrender of the key. lu d wilt Imck tho kny, it would be shameful in the nart of the defendant to take ndvnn t**e of It to turn nut n poor old woman. He Seined that a tafo'far llh could not be *«rrenu-'rcil by giving up the key, even If It hnd be--» -lone forninlly, lllilejs \\\\\\-i lease was properly cancelled, nnd sho had imvereven ilvtii nil or olterol to give up the lease. 'tis Honour. *nM thnt the matter really Tcmir'iHI«e!f into an action nf ejectment, und tlio question wns: Had ri.u uncqulvo rally ni.rA.wM -'': property by sendliig back tin- knv. mA /lid »lie menu to do «o. He did i ot conlider i«wt Miu haO, nnd therefore gave i venl cr for mVliUff. -'' '10 fntt*' for the piwcs.|on of the wi'vi.niiil eoltnge, nml for the £il/l/. paid in rent ('/ *''« I1''011' t0 wlioml lilt defendant bnd Mil. tUl.. Weir v.J. Jones, claim tSI/Ju/. for OM'mnureit ncceptiinco given in iMjment for certain stock, cte. .li-iv: Mowrs-E. J. Tmcey, h. It. livnns, and J'. Wlnsmiin. Mr. T. J. Crltp (or thu plaintiff and llr. I! .1. Hall for defeudrat. .Hi- Crisp stated thnt Uiey were practically rnl.-Mig ii| ? uii nllenul fniuduliyiyt rupnwen tstm- -.n the part of tha ilcfwulnHi, tliat Jhc simwiitur .-f the i.lll, Cluirlcs Webb, was fl wiKMilfblutonicet the )-;ll, uNo that the i:u.'vidnnc v:a» rwpouslble bv his cndoisu meiu- of the I.J11 whleh he wns'liot. Tho l)1i.liitirf- ease wns, Ihnt defendant ha.Uoln 'onrecnltb to Webb on n HUof .?rc-^initc r.'i- «sn. whleii B-,is duly ili-eounted at ihnbnn:- i»u defendant, wfeo well Unew tkit Webb wr.e «oi solvent, got the bjll back from the bau'i: hn^og eot endorsed 01,1 it, '? without rceciiK.-..' which took nil rcspniif I blllty f i-oiu oil Id- HhouUU-n.,, nnd then per ?v.i..ded phdiulll to lulu: .It. in [inymetit f.ir ftjL-iuln eatiL-.ete., by tu.-«cr.tliiK.llif I .tjiu bill ™C?T Weir said defdiulant and be wore ? ilrivlnic nlong ill'! Ca)iu roml togellicv, nnil lie clfeicd delmduut fume cattle. Thu latter »tidh« could not buy them uu his own kills. ns lie |iud too mnoh jinpur nut nnd wanted to get somo In lint, but that ho had it bill of Charles W'ubb's wliloh If Im liked to take ho would buy thu cnttlc. Ho. said ho got tliu bill for cattle bought from hlln by Webb. Thoy talked over Wubb'ii position, and plain till snld thin, ns far as Im had licnnl Im did not think Webb waB sdrlonsly ailcotcd by Slnokonr.lii's Insolvency. Ha would Imvo dealt with Wubb nt tho time And taken his ncceptnnea In payment. When Jones gavu him tliu bill ho noticed that it hail been en dorsed to tha Ilnnk of Australasia, and Hint undeincntli tliu defendant's endorsement wuru thu words 'without rccourso.' Ho nuked Jones what it meant, who replied, ' that's all right.' Ho lind nuvur seen suoh nil endorsement before, and thought that tliu meaning of It wim that defendant had not obtained money on the bill, In which Idea liu wns confirmed by .Touch, lie took the bill nnd kept It, and In three or four days heard that Webb vv,h declared Insolvent. Ho first learnt the menulng- of tlio words ' without i-ccourso' from tliu bunk mnmgor. Tho court hero adjourned till 2. IS p.m. On resuming, Mr. Crisp stated thnt, ns his client bad admitted tli.it. he considered Webb's bill wns good, and would have accepted It without anyone clsu'u endorse ment .nt tlm timu of thu transaction with Jones, the plaint of fraudulent misrepresen tation with rcglml to Webb's solvouuy fell away, and liu wns therefore prepared to iiccc'iit u nonsuit. Ills Honor Instructed thu iiiryncconllngly. llnnlc of Australasia v. Wake, claim for £111/7/11, for dishonored bill. Mr. .1. C. Hull appeared for the plaintiff. As tliedeteucu was withdrawn, judgment for the plaintiff wns entered up for the full nmouiit claimed. Tills concluded tho busiuem, nml, the. court, rose. 