The "Daily Telegraph." Birth and Death of a Newspaper. The announcement made by the Melbourne Daily Telegraph on Tuesday, May 3, that that was its last issue, was not a surprise to anyone in Australia, and, indeed, the wonder is that it had lasted so long. In its origin it had every reasonable probability of success, as its prime movers were men of proved ability and long practical experience. No journal could wish for more efficient men at the head of each department than Mr. Howard Willoughby as editor, Mr. Somerton as manager, and Mr. Purse as accountant. The paper deserved success, and it ob- tained it, and retained the public favour till the new management appointed in 1883, which was composed of men who seemed to think that capital was the one and only requisite for successful journalism. They commenced a course of extravagance in the office which fell little short of recklessness, while at the same time they weakened the power of the journal by a foolish attempt to combine the editorial chair with the Presbyterian pulpit. It was dear, except to a few fanatics, that such a course could only lead to the financial disaster, which has now taken place. The Telegraph lost its hold on the public, decadence set in, and the process though slow, was none the less sure. After enduring death in life under the new management for about nine years, it quietly gave up tho ghost on Tuesday. The Daily Telegraph first saw the light of day on Monday, February 8,1869, its birth being announced with the following blare of bugles and crashing of drums on the part of the spirited editor :— "Where every thing is new and nothing strange, the more quality of newness in a public journal will not in itself attract much attention here in Victoria. We shall take leave to assume therefore, that the difference of age between ourselves and our local contemporaries will be neither an advantage nor a drawback, neither a gain nor a loss, unless wo show as a title to extend favour that we are a triflo fresher than they are, and something livelier than they were wont to bo. On the score of novelty alone, however, wo may claim some attention, for if wo are not wiser than our neighbours, we at least differ from them in this important respoct, that wo appear to-day as the unprejudiced and untried nd vocatos of purely Liboral principles. So far as Mel bourne is concerned, the character of a perfectly independent and foaiTess journal is altogether a novel one. We shall continue to represent that novel character to the close of our career, and until it ceases to bo noveir without referenco to morconary considerations, and without regard to private onds. We aro not to bo bought) wo are not evon in tho markot. By, wnatever name political parties aro known, by whatever pledges public men are bound; by whatever links tho unlovely and orapulous rank and file of faction aro associated, wo shall stand apart from tho strife; and aocopting neither foo nor retainor, wo shall record tho movements and com- ment on the manœuvres of the combatants, and watch tlm issues of tho conflict in the interests of the one and undivided,Liberal party—tho people of Victoria. Whon wo cease to do this wo shall dof-orvo to drifb away on tho slack of tho tido, into the outer ocoan of oblivion, whore our Bins will bo vjsitcd with their due punishment, and whoro our wages will oomo to us in tho form of a timely and inoritod oxbinotion, .Tho ond and aim of our exporinient is not to conn the, wolcomo shower of coppors from men who dospisohvliilo tlioy use us. wo have a higher ainbi. ticm than this, and, therefore, wo tell the pooplo o Victoria that.if wo cannot maintain the position o independence which wo propose to ourselves, ^ wq 1 Ti . .. - . -. . - "1 J, ' umvhw ||,tw V.1,4, ,,,,,, UUUljUUtm QUSVOitimUW ,»4VJ * " 1 who possoss the noble faculty of gathering grapo" shall sink out of sight, and abandon tlio hold t those who can find congenial sustenance in it, an. from thistles. . s That wo havo confidonco in those to whom wo make oiir appeal, oonfldouoo in oursolves nnd con fidonoo in tho lino of action which wo have laid down an that from which wo will not swerve, is provod by the .fact of our existence, * Tho roafjon of our boing is a simple . one, Wo believe that avo are wanted, that we haypihonost work to do, and avo respond to tho call. If tho voico Aviiich Ave miHAVor is. not the voico .of tho pooplo, hut only an uncertain ooho after all, then our percep tions are at fault, and the journals of tho day—avo say it with bated bvoatli—'aro gonuino enough and liboral enough for Victoria, aiid that avo think is saying more than human credulity cun realise." The question naturally avisos What Avns thoraise" del'. Irq of the v.onturo, what had oocurrod to. rondor tho success of tho uhdortaking probablo at this Par ticular tinio F , , ."VyjiHjbJio throuo onqtty f Was fclio swovcl uusivayod f To tho last question the nnsAver nuist bo Wes to a largo oxtout, Tho Herald, which had oxistod for many years as a .morning' journal'' had jfist boon converted into ah evening papor j tho Argus and tno Ago had not covered so Avido an area as tlioy do av prosont and honoo it Avas felt by the promotors thao a sufficient gap existed to justify the publication of another morning journal in placo of the defunct Herald. After much deliberation five gentlemen undertook to step into the breach. Several good men had been connected with the Herald in its career before it reached the " last scene of all, " and amongst these were Mr. Charles F. Somerton, manager, and Mr. Purse, accountant. The transac tion which translated the Morning Herald into the Evening Herald as it exists to-day, was carried out by Mr. David Syme, who bought the goodwill and all appertaining thereto. So far no hint of a now morn ing journal, or a revival of the extinct journal, had been thrown out, but Mr. Syme seemed to think that danger was looming on the horizon. Mr. Syme, with' his usual keen perception, recog nised that many men whose talents might be of service to him would be thrown out of employment, and although at the then stage he could discern no more than "a cloud the size of a man's hand on the horizon/' ho felt in his own mind that danger was impending. The position was critical, and probably the astute proprietor of the Age saw and grasped the situation at a glance. However, this- may be, Mr. Syme, after, buying the Morning Herald and converting it into an evening paper, with the same nomenclature, requested Mr. Somerton to take charge of it on the most liberal'terms. Mr. Somer- ton ' did so, but owing to certain disagreements which only affected the parties directly concerned, Mr. Somerton resigned his position on the Herald shortly afterwards. This incident, small as it may appear in itself, was fraught with large results, as it led to the foundation of the Daily Telegraph. Mr. Somerton took counsel with several friends, with the remit that five gentlemen, including himself, joined in the enterprise of starting a morning journal. The meeting, at which the prospectus was drawn out, was held at Mr. Somerton's house, " Goodwood Lodge," Richmond, and it was published in the two morning papers the next morning—but in the case of the Age, the proprietors refused to allow a second insertion. Had Mr. Syme and Mr. Somerton boon more agreeable, or less disagreeable, in their rela tions towards each other, the chances are that the 'Telegraph would never have come into existence. As it was, however, it did oome into oxistence, the sponsors being Mr. Somerton, manager ; Mr. Purse, accountant; Mr. H. Bowden (of the firm of Messrs. W. P. White and Company, shipping agents); Mr. Howard Willoughby .(who had resigned his position on Hansard to take office and part proprietorship of the journal),, and the old and respected solicitor, Mr. J. G. Duffett. From the very first tlio journal was written with ' a vigour and independence that let light into many matters which the oxisting journals had hitherto ignored. The other morning papers had to look to their laurels ; here was a dashing sort of journalism that took no notice of parties, and the old prosaic press of the time was rudoly shaken from its slumber, and was forced to rise to the occasion, which, un doubtedly, it did. But be it remomborod, tlint though the Daily Telegraph has in the long run linen a financial failure, it has done moro than uny othor factor existent in Victoria towards derating the tone of orrr jorrrnalism—by example, anil keen com petition. Thejinitialjpublioations of tlio Daily Tele graph wove attended by more than ordinary difficulties. In the first plabo, promises had to be obtained. That diffi culty was oasily got over by securing the premises in Collins-street, where tho Telegraph breathed its last on Tuesday, But the interior was not suitable for printing purposos, and, so partition walls had to be knocked down, and the whole of tho interior re constructed. Anothor, of a moat serious obstacle, was that tho neoessary maohinery could not be obtained in Melbourne in tho ordinary way, and lienoe an application was made to tho A»gus pro prietary for the purohase of one of their maoliines, ' whioh-wns lying idle in store. The purchase was effected, but only on tho written guarantee that in the event of the Argus' machines breaking down, thoy should havo tho first rrse of tho maohine wliioh thoy haci sold. Paper was another obstaole in the way of tho now firm, Thoy had mado arrangements with Mr. Samuel Ramsden for tho supply of the . quantity and quality of paper, but the order was too largo for the firm, talcon as it was on the spur of the 'moment. They supplied the paper, but it could not bo worked, as it was' too now. lienoe tho Daily Tologijaph pooplo had to borrow paper from tho Argus, for .wliioh thoy paid.' • : M'om these facts it is easily understood how tho ■ o'ry arose that the Daily Telegraph was merely a pbuny offshoot of tho throoponny Argus, and tho Ago mado groat capital out of it. It was rise loss for tho aoouaod journal to reiterate ovor and over again that there was no earthly' commotion .between the two papers j tho Ar/o returned to tho attack i'rosli proofs of guilt bofngf/proclucod every day, tho most "overwhelming and triumphant of all being that tho audaoiousrival had gono to tholongth of printing onpapor watorliuod Australasian. And those same slanderers would no doubt'be shookod to know that tho Ago has ovor and ovor again boon printed on tho Argus machine, when its own broke down, , , In splto of tho animosity—possibly very natural ■ with which tho' Daily Telegraph had to oontond, tho paper mado a'start, but wlion printing Its first issue the maohlnary-broke, down, and thoy had to have it printed by, the Argus—anothor fact whioh lent colour •to tho ridiculous assertion about tho unholy connec tion batwobn these two conspirators. Those initial difficulties wore eventually ovoroomo and tho venture was duly launched. In 1877, Mr. Willoughby "was mduced to join the Argus staff, as his force in writing was found to be too formidable in a rival. Shortly afterwards he sold his interest to the other partners. After this the paper took up a strong position against the actions of the Berry Govern-, luont, and it said some very bitter things about them. ^ The result was that all the Government advertisements were withdrawn from the offending journal for about eighteen months. • An incident in connection with Sir Graham Berry is worthy of record. Sir (then Mr.) Berry stated on a public platform here,.that- on.his voyage home he was told by a squatter that ho could do what he lilted with the paper (meaning the Daily Telegraph). An action was brought against Mr. Berry, which re sulted in a verdict for .the plaintiffs1 with nominal damages. , : ' ;i ' / t ! Sometime after the Berry Boom Mr. Bowden died, and his share was bought by-his partner, the well known shipping agent Mr. Siddeley. After Mr. Willoughby's retirement from the journal, the late Mr. John Moyart Lynch, the son of an eminent Pres byterian preacher, was appointed editor. Prior to this lie had been a constant contributor, and he distin guished himself more particularly in the trenchant ■ and fearless articles which he wrote during the same Berry struggle. The age of chivalry may be dead, but there is much of chivalrous feeling still extant. The un reasoning instinct of the public in such matters is usually right, so after the Berry Government had withdrawn its advertisements from the Telegraph, from a pure spirit of childish petulance, the manager was startled one duy to receive an invitation to take a glass of wine at Scotts* Hotel. On arriving there lie met six or seven gentlemen, one of whom pre sented him with a cheque for ,£1000, on behalf of a number of citizens who wished to express their sense of the service the Daily Telegraph had done the coun try, while at the same time jeopardising its own financial interosts. 'The next change was the retirement of Mr. Lynch, who left to become part proprietor of the Sydney Daily Telegraph, and was bucoeeded by. Mr. Robert Walker, who occupied the editorial chair till the original firm sold the journal to a limited liability company, consisting of Messrs. Balfour, Moodie, Davies (now Sir M. H.), and Richmond, a wealthy squatter. This transaction took place about September 1883. The original firm claim that the Telegraph was a financial success from tho very start up to the time they sold and tho reason which induced them to sell is obvious enough, whonstated.. The journal had been to some extent " goody- goody," but not siifHoiently so for a certain class of religious extremists. A deputation from these waited upon the manager and requested him to go further in this direction and make tho papor practically an exponent of their ultra views. This the manager refused to do, rooognising that they hud already gone as far as they could with safety. The deputation replied by threatening to start a fourth morning paper whioh would give full scope to their peculiar views of theology. Negotia tions onsued with the result that the Telegraph became the property of tho gentlemen abovo men tioned. During tho Somerton-Purse regime tho Telegraph was noted for tlie brilliancy of its leading and special articles, and among its contributors were many of the cleverest literary men of Melbourne, including Messrs. Marcus Clarke, David Blair, James Smith, John Lynch, H. Willoughby, Jos. Thompson, Henry Bowden, R. Walker, J. Harrison and other well known lileraleurs. So fearless and outspoken was the Telegraph, that it never hesitated to expose a wrong, and this led to more than ono libel action, hut in evory oaso it ounru off victorious, Amongst others was tho famous Oakleigh scandal, whioh was so vigorously exposed that an action for £5000 was brought against the paper. On a legal point the plaintiff was awarded ;|*d. damages, which was equivalent to a vordict for the defendant, To tho surprise of ovoi'ybody tho Judgo (the late Mr. Justice Barry) gave costs against the paper. Tho sympathies of tho public of Mel bourne wore with tho papor, and a mooting was oalled at which tho full amount of costs would have boon subscribed, but tho proprietors rofusod to accept it. In 1883, thoreforo, a now era, whioh may bo des cribed as tho Presbyterian- Evangelical era, was inaugurated uudor the management of Mr. J. McKinley, and with a few alterations of tho pox' sounol of tho proprietors,- it continued uxxdor that regimo till its death, How tho papor an mnnagod may bo was judged by the deplorabfa result now chronicled, A iniA.MA'J.'ia uud musical rooital given by .tho jopular artists, Miss 'Adoy l'vunol and HoiT Bonno Jolxorok, is to take place at the Athoniuum Hall, jollins-stvoot, on ; Saturday,/May 1A Miss Brunei ms hithorto only appeared/ boforo tho public in an nl'ortnal manner at ono or two bonoflt peformnnaos, mt avon in the crowded programme of a tbontrioal natiniio lxer recitations attraotod favourable notice. •Tor obarming prosonoo, enviable voice and perfect ilooutioix aro oortain to find favour with tho publio, ,ncl with the valuable assistance of so ablo a pianist ,s Horr Bonno Schorok tho ontortainmont ought to irovb highly popular 