A GHOST IN THE FORETOP. TOLD BY A MAN BEFOIIE TIHE MAST. Although I am known by the name of 'hLyiug stube," I vouch for the truth of the following yaru, only bagging landsmen to re member that truth is often stranger than fiction. In the year 1L61 I sailed from Liverpool in the Witching Syron for San Francisco with a general cargo. I don't know that the crew ou this occasion differed much from the usual c:ew of the Syren ; but there was certainly one man who differed very much from all the mesas. mates we ever had. • This was " Woeful Bill" -at least, we called him by thatname-his real name on the sh:p's roll was William Spikey. He al4ys Iookd struck-of:a;heapish like : wodldn't associgra with any of us ; and was constantly pacing the darkest, part of the ship, snutterng and arguing some point with. hitaself. TuiS wedidn't care for, and I was chosen to what you landsmenu call " interview" him, and get to know what the. deuce was the matter with him. We rather pitied him than other wise, becausewe thought he was suffering from some terrible misfortune. SWell, one night I drew alongside Bill, who was just then in a very lively argument with himself. I began by asking him what cargo he had in his mind, where he was bound for. etc. It was a dark night, with a pretty stiff 'uan blowing. After I had bothered him a good bit without getting any reply, he suddenly stopped short and hissed in my port earhole-" I'm a murderer!" Every hair stood on my head as stiff as a marlin' spike, and every one of my old timbers shivered; but after getting breath a bit 1 began to talk to him.s The upshot was this: On his last voyage he ha pushed a mate over. Ibard during a storm. Why did he do it.? The man antd bill had fought a day or two before, and the mate had given W.ooful 11.1 a good thrashinig: that's all. Ireported to my comrades, keeping secret. out ot pity for Woeful Dill, the tact that he had "intentionally" pushed the man over board. '" Well, we soon ali forgot this little incident, for the weather began to be stilfish directly we got into blue water, and we had quite enough to do without thinking about Woeful Bill. Nick Benson. came to us one night, looking skhered, anud told us he had heard an unearthly voice from the foretop shouting, "Look out, below!" We all laughed at Nick, and the matter dropped for a day or two, though, dash me if I could got it out of my head; and I noticed the others gave the foremast as wide a berth as possible after nightfall. Nick B nscmn came to nas again one night just after eight bells (midnight), and told us the same yarn. This time he looked properly struck of a heap. We had a regular confabula tion about it, atnd.we all angreed to assemble next night at eight bells round. the foremast. Just as the eighth bell. ounded, by the living Jingo: a weird voice cried out " Look out, below"..... ........... It wasn't a whisper, either.. Every.man's hairrose straight up, except the .loaun's, who was baldheadod, you know. Meantime, the skipper must have been giving orders, for down he comes from the poop in a devil of a tantrum, using any amount of bad language. Thlebosun explained matters, and the skipper called us a pack of demented jackasses. It's not nice to be rated a jackass, but a demented jackans was too bid, and I'm afraid we used some bad lan guage about it. The same thing took place every night, till we all felt quite besmggered. As sure as eight bells went, the strange voice would abshout from the foretop- " Look out, below !? Every man Jack refused to go aloft. The skipper called the bosun, and says he " Bosun, you've sailed with tne above a voy age or two. Now, whet do you call thi'e?" (meaning the refusal of the men to go aloft). " I calls it a ghost, sir," said the bosun. " Ghost be hanged, sir; I call .it mutiny ons the high seas!" roared the skipper. "But I'll settle this thing; boeun, to.aorrow night muster all hands at the foremast before eight bells-all hands, mind." Ai:ordingly, just tI eo a eight l e Is nix night we had all mustered at the foremast. The skipper and first officer had loaded revolvers. The ship's, roll was called, and every one answered except the man at the wheel. Just as the eight bells began to sopotd' Isaw 'the skipper and. first officer raise their barking irons to cover the foretop; but the strange voice, more energetic than ever, cried out: ' Look out below!" It was a caution. The ghost was evidently getting rather vexed. Our knees aimply knocked together like so many weaving machines. The skipper then roared out: " Let go!" And down upon the deck, with a tremendous crash from the foretop, dropped a long ironu bound box or locker. Indeed, Nick Benson says to this day it was a coiltn. . As soont as the box touched the deck its lid flew open, showing that it was empty. Now, I had seen the skipper when our. ship was breaking aunderus ;on a reef, of rocks, but he never quailed; but when this box came down he just looked a bit skeered, but only for a minute. He said: "Now, men, this bou has evidently come for a cargo. There's some skunk aboard the Witching Syron. I'll get in and see if it's for me." So saying, he Jrct in. Then the first qfficer got in, and so on until every man jack had been in the box. " B sun. who's at the wheel?" " Woeful Bill, sir." " IRelieve him, and fetch him here." As soon as Woeful Bill saw the box, and the skipper told him to geot in, he drew his knife and put himself in fighting attitude, threatening to do for anybody who came near him; but the skipper.kept quite cool. Covering Woeful Bill with his revolver, he said: " I am commander of this ship. I will give you three minutes' grace; if you don't get into that box, which we have all been in, I'll shoot you dead as a rattan." Woeful Bill paused a bit, and then seemed reckless; he got ito the box in a jiffoy. As soon as he was inside, the lad of the box cames down with such a crash that we thought every timber in the hitp was shivered. As true as I live, Father Neptune boarded us at that moment, sei-nd the box by the handle with one hand, and jumped overboard with it. We never saw Woeful Hill again. 