SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURNE. [BT 'JSvtlQVAlt DOKMIO.'] Mklbottens, December 6. TEE TUEF. The weights for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, to be tun at the New Tear's Day Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, were declared yesterday, and serve to give a little additional fillip to things in connect ion with the Turf in Victoria at the present time. These have been frightfully dull of late, and even the good old meetings of the Bendigo Jockey Club and Ballarat Turf Club, which were brought off during the past fortnight, have not caused more than the ffrint^ tremor of excitement in racing titties. There are 61 bones handicapped for the sprint event and 47 for the Bagot Handi cap, and no* the thing is to try and select the aninmia that may be wanted on the voyage— in other wwds to separate the sheep from tbe goats. 1 like Linburn and tecot Vale on the Set lSlb. mark in the Standish WMtdiniif, and would not look further than Ascot Yale for the winner were be Stand well on the day; with the ' right 'push ' backing him. Travelling downward, the next to eaten my eye is Quality (8-3), folUwedby Deerswoo* (8-7), Lord Hopetoun (8-6), Malolo (8-6), Magic Circle (8-6), Competently (8st.), first Boolka (7-13), Croramin (7'11). The Harbour Light (?-8), Templestowe (7'8; sad Emblem (7*3). There's a baker's dozen for you ; and of the crowd commend me to Competency, Ascot Vale and The Harbour Light. Titan, Happy Jack, Gaillardia, Berrlgan and Silverstream were scratched for the Standish Handicap as soon as ever the weights appealed, albeit to my mind both Berrigan and Silverstream were remark ably, well in. Nous verrons— perhaps about Newmarket Handicap time. G'Naroo was likewise struck out of the Bagot Handicap. The Bagot Handicap is a bit easier to tackle— or at least, on tbe first blush, it looks a little easier. Traveling down the l'st, the first I shall stop at will be Correze (6st.), after whom commend me to Tarcoola (812), Portaea (811), Annesley (85), Pigeontoe (8*2), Taxran (8st.), Ducrow (712), Lord Hopetoun (711), Comedian (79), Norbert (75). Newman (7*1). and Dundas (7at.) And from amongst these I shall pick me oat for Bpecial distinction, Pigeontoe, Annesley, and Comedian. The erstwhile New Zealand champion, Tirailleur, yielded up the ghost on Satur day, never having recovered the injury he received to hie shoulder when lie fell over Pilot Boy in the Melbourne Cup. There can be no two opinions but what the son of Mui-ket and Florence Macarthy was at tbe very topmost rant; of the ladder of racing fame when he was a three-year-old, in the land of his nativity, as he never suffered defeat, annexing no less than ten races, amongst them being the Hawke's Bay Guinea?, New Zealand Cup, Canterbury Cup, Onslow Plate, Great Northern Derby, Auckland Plate and Wanganui Derby. For ill that I could never stand the ' gush ' of some of hi6 admirers to the effect that he wds a ' better horse than Carbine.' He was a terribly unfortunate horse in Australia, for on tbe day he arrived in Melbourne he iras injured through the train in which he was being conveyed to Caulfield running off the line at Jolimont, his tail being broken in the contretemps ; whilst a few weeks prior to the Melbourne Cup, wten he was beginning to show something like bis old form, be partially broke down, causing his trainer, Percy Martin, no end of trouble Bob owner, Mr. S. H. Gollan, sailed on Sat urday in the Oceana, on a trip to the old country. At the beginning of this Utter I mention ed the old-established racing clubs at Ben digo and Ballarat, and «n passant I may as ?well inf ?rm yon that the action of some of our metropoli an proprietary clubs in ar ranging fixtures for tte same day has been very freely commented on in racing circles, and eo strong hse been the expie-sion of opinion on the subject that it is extremely probable the Victoria Racing Club will take' some drastic action next season to pre vent money-making speculations (pure and simple) clashing with dabs who far years and^y ears'1 nave supported nothing but legitimate sport. It would be a fatal mis take'; to allow our country clubs to be ruth, lessly wiped out. The bubble-and-squeak iu connection with Etra Weenie's win in the Oaks has almost died completely out, the death-blow being administered last Thursday in the columns of Melbourne Punch by a very dis tinguished Englishman at present ou a fly ing visit to the eastern colonies, who de livees his soul in no uncertain manner, as follows:— WIN, TIE, OB WRANGLE. (To tbe Editor of Mdboure Punch) Sir, — I am a visitor to Melbourne, and was present at Flemington the other day, and from tfc« top of the grand stand there had * splendid uninterrupted view of the race tor the Oaks from start to finish. I saw 4lie finish most clearly, sad it fills me with'femazement and wonder that people shou^i be found ready to come forward and write such extraordin ary juooBettae as has lately appeared in the opluBU»-of one of your sporting papers. Etra Weenie gave Trieste a very fair and t quote beating, there can be no sort of doubt about tbat ; and all the more honour is it to Etra Weenie that, sick and sorry as she was, she was able to stick to her guns and stay ont the finish in such a plucky and resolute style, Tbe Musket blood will telL 1 can understand tbe owners of Trieste being very tore at receiving such an unex pected and decisive licking, but it beats me that having received this licking they are unable to take it in a sportsmanlike way, but must wran gle and talk columns of rubbish on tbe subject. Win, tie or wrangle. I liave witnessed many hundreds of races on the tuif in England, aud I am sure that Jbad such an objection been brought forward at Home it would have been dismissed directly the stewards met, for it was inset dear to any unprejudiced spectator that any bn raping that may have taken place was perfectly accidental, and caused by the distress of the two fillies in a punishing finish; that they were both equally to I ltme, and that the result of the race was .in no way offected by the bumping that took place..- It amuses me greatly to read of the 6000 people who with one voice called out protest. Now I was in the ring and pad dock jnst after the race, and the general idea expressed on every *:de was that Etra Weenie was sure to get the race. If this was not eo, how is it to be explained that everywhere in the ring odds of 2 to 1 were freely laid on Etra Weenie getting the race? Personally, I had £30 on Trieste, and I was delighted to be able to lay off my money at 2 to 1, so satisfied was I that my money on Trieste was lost, and that Etra Weenie would be declared the ?winner of the rac». A friend of mine, who had taken JB60 to £10 Etra Weenie, refused to hedge his money, so certain was he that the judge's decision would not be upset. It would be extremely interesting to know bow much m-ney that interested and in furiated Melbourne Q.C., who bad been in terviewed at such length on tile case, bad on Trieste. I fear he mnst have been heavily bit. Let us hope that), like me, he hedged bis money. To me — s stranger — racing out in Australia is so attractive, so splendily managed and thoroughly well done that I was surprised to see such a paltry objection made eo much of. — Tows, &C; ENGLISH VISITOR. Melbourne, 24th November, 1892. [Mem. — I only quote that letter to show yon that there are other individuals besides ?' yours truly' who were iu a good position xo see what really did take plⅇ, and were qoito satisfied that the favourite got beaten en her merits.] 