ÑÁDA, THE LILY. By H. BIDES HAQGAED. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. KIDER HAGGARD, [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXIII.-CONTINUED. Mow'TJmslopogaas, still shaking in his limbs, answered, ' Follow me, O Mouth, and yon, Galazi, stay with these men." So I,followedTJmslopogaas, and. presently we came to a large hut. He pointed to Hie doorway, and 1 crept through it and he followed after me. Now, for a while it seemed dark in the hut, for the sun wns sinking without and the pince was full of shadow; so I waited while a man might count fifty, till our eyes could searcli the darkness. Then of a sudden I threw the blankets from my face and looked into the eyes of Umslopognas. ' Look on mu now, O Chief TJulalio, O Slaughterer, who once was named TJtnslopo gaas-look on me and say who am I ?' Then he looked at me and his jaw foll. * Either you aro Mopo my fathor grown old-Mopo, who is dead, or the Ghost of Mono,' he answered in a low voice. ? * I nm JMopo, your intner, U melopognns, I enid. 'You;nnvo been long in knowing tuc, wlio knew you from the first.' Then TJuislopogans cried aloud, but yet softly, and, letting fall the nxe Groan Maker, he flung himself upon my breast and wept there. And I wept also. « Ol', my father,' he snid, 'I thought that you were dead with the others, and now you have como back to me, and I, I would hnve lifted tho axe against you in ray folly. r Oh, it is well that I have lived, and not died, since once more I look upon your face-the face that 1 thought dead, but which yet lives, though it be sorely changed, as though by grief and years.' ' Peace, TJinslopogans, my son,' I said. 'I also deemed you dead in the lion's mouth, though in truth it seemed strange to nie tbnt any other man than TJniBlopognns could ? Lave wrought tho deeds which I have heard of nB done by Buinlio, Chief of the People of the Axe-ay, and thrown defiance in the teeth of Chaka. But you are not dead, and I, I nm not deud. It was another Mono whom, Chaka killed; I slew Chnkn, Chata did not slay me.' ' And what of Nada, what of Nada, my sister ?' ho said. 'Mncrophu, your inothor, and Nada, your sister, nro dead, TJmslopogaas. They are dead nt the hands of the people of the Halaknzi, who dwell in Swaziland.' ' I have heard of thnt people,' he answered presently, ' and so lins G-alnzi tho AVolf, yonder. He lins a hate to satisfy against them-they murdered his father ; now, I have twoj for they have murdered my; mother and my Bister. Ab, Nada,«, my sister! "Nada, my sister!' and the great wau covered his face with his bandstand rocked himself to and fro in his grief. Now, my futher, it came into my thoughts to; make the truth known to TJmslopognns, and toll him that Nada was no sister of his, and that he was no son of mino, but rathor of that Chaka whom my hand had finished. And yet I did not, though now I would that; I hnd done BO. "For I saw well hosv great was the pride and how high was the heart of Umslopognas, and I saw also thnt if onco ho! should learn that the throne of Zululand was his by right, nothing could hold him. back, for ho would swiftly;brenk into open rebellion against Dingnnn tho king, and in my judgmentthe time was not ripe for Uhnt. Had I known, indeed,'but one short year- boforo; that tTmslopogans still, lived, he had sat where Dinganhsnt this day ; but I did not know .it, and the chance ; had gone, by form, while. ¡Now Dingann was king and mustered many regi- ments around him, for. I had held him back from war, ns in the case of tho raid thnt ho would have made upon the Swazis. Tho chance hnd gone by, but it would come again, and till it came I.would sny nothiug. I would db this rather, I would bring Din gaan nud TJuislopogans' together,' that Um slqppgnns might become known in the land as*a great chief and the first of warriors. Then Í-would cause him to bo advanced to be an iudunn, nnd. a general to lead tho impi& of the king, for he wlib leads tho impis is already half n king. . -..:c '" So I held my peace upon this matter, but till the dawn was grey TJmslopogaas and I sat together aud talked, each telling the tala of the years that had gone since he was borne from me in tho lion's mouth. I told him how all my wives and children bad been killed, how I had been put to tho torment, and showed, him my white and withered linnd.' I-told him of the death of Baleka,' my sister, and of all my people of tho Lan geni; and of how I had revenged my wrongs upon Glinka, and made Dingaan to be king in his. pince, nnd was now the first man in the land under tho king, though tho king feared me much and loved me little. But I did not tell him that Baleka, my sister, was hw own mother. When I had done my tale, TJmslopogaas told me his : how| Galazi had rescued liim from the lioness ; how he had become ono of the Wolf-Brethren ; how he had conquered Jikiza and the sons of Jikizn, and beeiuno chief of the People of the Axe, and taken Zinita to wife, and grown great in the land. I asked him how it came nbout that ho still hunted with the wolves, as he had dono last night. He answered that now he was great and there was nothing more to win, and at times a weariness of life came upon him, and then he must up, nnd together with Galazi, hunt and harry with the wolves, for thus only could ho find rest. I said that I would show him better game to hunt before all was dono, and asked him further if he loved his wife, Zinita. TJmslopogaas answered that ho would love her better, if she loved him not so much, for sho was"jealous and quick to anger, and that waB a sorrow to him. Then, when ho had slept awhile, he led me from tho hut, and I and my people wore feasted with the best, and.I spoke with Zinita and with Galazi tho Wolf."' For the last,-1 liked him well. Tbiscwns n- good man to have at one'B back in battle ; but my heart spoke tb me against Zinita. Sho was handsome and tall, but with fierce eyes which always watched TJmslopogaas, .' my fosterling j and I ; noted that he.who was fearless of nil other things yet Beomod to fear Zinita. Neither did she love mo, ...for' when she saw how the Slaughterer clung to me, as it wore, instantly she grew jealous-as already she was jenlous of Galnzi-and would have »fcoen. rid of me if.she might.. Thus it.carne about that my. heart, spoke against. Zinita ; . nor did it tell me worso things of hor than those .which sho "WOB to do. . .. .. .. CIJ^TER.X'M^ OF 'MIK 'çôÊnsV Ojî_the 'morrow I led TJmslopogaas apart,, andispokq¡to him thus-... ? r< , know mo except as 'the 'Mouth; of Dingann, you charged nie wit li a certain message for Dingaan the king, that, ' bad; it been deli- vered into the ears of tbe king, had surely brought death upon you and all your people. The tree that stands by itself on a plain, .TJmslopogaas thinks itself tall and that there is no shad o to equal its shade. Yet are thora other and bigger trees. , You ¡aro-'.such- a tree, TJmslopogaas, but the topmost branches of him whom 1 serve are thicker than your trunk, and beneath his shadow live many woodcutters, who go out to lop such as would grow too high. You aro no match for Dingaan, though, dwelling here alone in; an empty land, you have grown great in your own eyes and tho oyes of those about you. Moreover, TJmslopo- gaas, knowing this: Dingaan already hates you because of the words which in bygone years you sent by Masilo the fool to tho Black One who is dead, for he heard those words, and it is his will to eat you up. He has sent mo hither for ono reason only, to be rid of nie nwhile, and, whatever the words I bring back to him, tho end will be the same-the night shall como when you will find an impi at your gates.' ''Then what need to taue inoro, oí to matter, my father?' asked Umslopogaa ' That will come which muBt come. .' Let rr wait hero for the iinpi of Dingaan, ail fight till I die.' ' Not so, TJmslopogaaB, my son ; there ai moro ways of. killing a' man than- by th assegai, and a crooked stick can still be bet straight in' the . steam.,. That is, my desiri TJinBlopogans ; that instead of hateDingaa should give you love ; instead-of ' deatl advancement ; that you shall grow great i shadow. Listen ! Dingaan is not whht Chak was, though, like Chaka, he is cruel. Th Dingaan is a fool, and it may well con about that a man can be found' who; grov ing up in his shadow, in the end shall ove shadow bim. I might do. it-I myself; bi 1 am old, and, being worn with sorrow, bin no longing to rule. But you 'are' younj TJinslopogaaa, and. there is no man like yo j in the land. Moreover, there., nre othc matters of which it is not woll to speak, tin shall serve you as a raft whereon to swim t victory." , : : Now TJinslopogaaa glanced up sharply, fe in those days he was ambitious, lind.desire to be first among the people. Indeed, hal ing the blood of Chaka in his veins, ho' "could it bo otherwiso ? < ' What is your plan, my father ?' ho aské< ' Say how can this bo brought about V ' ' This and thus, TJmslopogaas.; Arnon the tribe of the Halakazi in Swaziland thoi dwells a maid who is named the Lily. Sh is a girl of the most wondorf ul beauty, an Diugnan is afire with longing to haye lier t wife. Now, nwhile sinco Dingaan diepatche an embassy to the chiof of tho Halakazi asl ing tho Lily in mnrriage, and the chief c tho Halakazi sent back insolent words. sayin that the Beauty of the Earth should bo give in marriage to no Zulu dog. ' Then Dingaa was ' wroth, and ho would have gathered hi impis and sent them against the Halakazi t destroy them, and bring him the maid, but held him back from it, saying that now wa no timo to begin a now .war ; and it is fo this cause that Din»aan bates me, he is s sot upon the plucking of the Swazi Lily Do'you understand now, TJmslopogaas?' ' Something,' ho answerod. 'But speal clearly.' ? - 'Wow, TJmslopogaas! Half wordB ar better than whole ones in this land of ourt Listen, then ! This is my plan : that yoi should fall upon the Halakazi tribe, destro; it, and bring back tho maid as a poace-offer ing to Dingaan.' 'That is a good plan, my father,' he,ans wered. ' At the' least, maid or . no maid j there will be fighting in it, and cattle to divid ' when the fighting is done.'"' ' First conquer, then reckon up the spoile j TJmslopogaas.' ? . ,'?'."?. ? .?"?> ;. Now he thought awhile, then said, 'Suffe ' that I summon Galazi the Wolf, my captain Do not fear, he is trusty, and a man of fev words.' . ¡ . ;'. '. ;!"''?' Presently Galazi came and snt downbefon us.' Then I piifc the matter to him thus that TJmslopognas would fall upon Halakaz and bring to Dingaan the maid he longed foi as a pence-offering, but that I wished to hole him back from tho venturo bocauso tht 'Halakazi people wore great and strong. 1 spoke in this sense so that I. might have o door to creep oiit should Galazi betray the plot ; and Uinslopogaas read my , purpose, though my/craft was needless, iort Galazi was a true man. " Galazi the Wolf listened in silence till I had finished, then he answered quietly, but it seemed to me that a fire shone in his eyes as he spoke ' I am chief by right of the Halakazi, O Mouth of Dingaan, and know thom well. They are a strong people, and cari put two full regiments under arms, whereas Bulalio hero ¡can muster :but one regiment, and that a small one. Moreover, they have watchmen out by night and day, and spies scattered through tho land, so that it will bo hard to take them unawares; also their stronghold is a vast cave open to . tho sky in the middle, and none have won that stronghold yet, nor could it be found except by those who know its secret. They are few, yet I am one of them, for my father showed it to me when I was a; lad; <Theréfore, Mouth of Dingaan, you will know that this is no easy task which Bulalio would set himself and us-to con- quer the Halakazi. That is tho face of the matter so far as it concerns Bulalio, but for mc, O Mouth, it has another face.. Know that, long years ago, I swore to my father as hq lay dying by the poison of a witch of this people, that 1 would not rest till I ¡md avenged him-ay, till I had stamped out the Halakazi, and slain their men, and brought thcir;wbmen to tho houses of strangers, and their children to bonds ! Year by year, and month by month, and night by night, as I have lain alone upon the Ghost Mountain" yonder, I have wondorod how I might bring my oath to pass, and found no way. Now it seems that there is a way, and I am glad. Yet this is a greatadventure, and perchance before it is done with the People of tho Axo will bo no more.! . And he ceased and took snuff, watching our faces over the spoon. ;'Galazi'tbo Wolf,'said TJmslopogaas,'for mb also.the matter has another face. You have loBfc your father at the: hands of those Hnlakazi dogs, and, though till last night I did hot know it, I havo lost my mother by their spears, and with bor one whom I loved 'above all 'in the world, my sister Nada, who loved mo. also. . Both; are dead and the JIalakazi have killed them. ' This man, tho mouth of Dingaan,' and bo pointed to me, Mopo, thia, man says that if l oan stamp out the Halakazi and make, captive of tho. i Lily maid, X shall win the heart of Dingaan. 'Little do I caro for Dingaan, I who would go my way alone, and live while ! may live, and d ie "when "I must, by the hands of Dingaan ns by those pf another-what does it matter ? ¿Yet, for this reason, because of the death'of Macropha,-my mother,'and Nada, the Bister who waa dear to me, I will, malus >war upjul these Halakazi and'conqqer thpra.'or be!'cp.iif quered by them. Perhaps, O Mouth of Dingaan, you will see me soon at the kind's kraal on tho Mahalabatine, and with me the Lily maid and the cuttle , of the Halakazi ; or perhaps you shall not see rae, and then you will know that I am dead,, and the Warriors of tho Axe are no more.' . So TJmslopogaas spoko to me before Galazi the "Wolf, but afterwards ho embraced me. and bade me farewell, for be' had no great hope that wo should moot again. And_ I also doubted it; for, as Galazi bad said, the adventure was great ; yet, as I had seen many times, it is tho bold thrower who oftenest wins. So wo parted-I to return to Dingaan and tell him that Bulalio, Chief oE the People oE tho Axe, had gono up against the Halakazi to win the Lily maid and bring her to him in atonement; while TJtnslopogaas remained to make ready his impi for war. I went swiftly from the Ghost Mountain back to the kraal TJmgugundhlovu, and pre- sented myself before Dingaan, who at the first looked on me coldly. But when I told him my message, and how that the Chief Bulalio the Slaughterer had taken the war- path to win him tho Lily, his manner changed. Ho took mo by the baud and said I had done well, and ho had been foolish to doubt me when I had lifted up my voice to persuade him from sending au impi against the Hala- kazi.' Now he saw that it was my purpose to rake this Halakazi fire with another hand than his, and to save his hand from the burning, and he thanked me. Moreover, he: Baid, if this Chief of the People of the Axe brought him the maid his heart desired, not only would ho forgive him tho words he had spoken by the mouth of Masilo to the Black Ono, who was dead, but also all tho cattle of the Halakazi should be his, and he would inako him groat in the land. I answered that all this was as the king willed. 1 bad but done my duty by the king and worked so that, whatever be- fell, a proud chief should be weakened and a foo should be attacked ut no cost to the king, in such a fashion , also that perhaps it might come .about that tho king , would shortly have the Lily at his side. Then I sat down to wait what might be- fall. . ; . . : v ? ;Now it is, my father, that the white men come into the story whom. we . named tho Amaboonn, but you call the Boers. Ou 1 I think ill of those Amaboona, though it was I who gave thom victory over Dingaan-I and TJmslopogans. . Before this time, indeed, a few white men came to and fro to the kraals of Chakà and Dingaan, but theso came to pray and not to fight. Now the Boers both fight and pray, also they steal, or used to, which I do not understand, for tho prayers of you white men say that these things should not be done. Well, when I hnd been back from the Ghost Mountain something less than a moon, the Boera.came, sixty of them com- manded by a captain named liolief, a big man, and armed with-roars-the long guns they hnd in those days-or, perhaps they numbered a hundred in all, counting their servauts and afler-ridars. This was their purpose : to get a grant of the land in Natal that lies between the Tugela and the TJmzi moubu rivers.,.: But, by my counsel and that of; other indunas, Dingaan bargained with the Boers that first they should attack a certain chief named Sigomyela,. who had stolen the king's cattle, and. who lived near the Qunthlainba Mountains, and bring back the cattle. This the Boers agreed to, and went to attack, tho chief, .and in a little while theycame backagain, having destroyed tho people of Sigomyela, and driving his cattle before them as well as thoBe which had been stolen from the king. The face of Dingaan shono when he saw the. cattle, and that night he called us, the council of the Amapahuti, together, and asked us as to the granting of tho country. .1 spoke tho first, and said that it, mattered little if he granted it, seeing that the Black One who was dead hod already given it to tho English, the People of George, and the end of the matter would be that the Ama- boona and the Peóplo of George would fight for the land. Yet tho words of tho.Black, Ono were coining to pass, for already it seemed we could henr the sound of tho run- ning bf n whito folk who should eat up'the kingdom. Now, when 1 had spoken thus the heart ofDingnnn grew heavy and his face dark, for my words stuck in his breast like a barbed spear. Still, he made no answer, but dis- missed the council. On tho morrow the king promised to sign the paper giving tho lands they asked for to the Boers, and all was smooth ns water when there is no wind. Before the, paper was signed the king gave a great dance, for there were many regiments gathered at the kraal, and for three days this dance went on, but on the third, day he dismissed the regiments, all except ono, an impi of lads, who were commanded to stay. Now, all this while I wondered what was in the mind of Dingaan and was afraid for the Ama- boona. But he was socrot, and told nothing except to the captains of tho regiment alone -no, not even to one of his council. Yet I knew that ho planned evil, and was half inclined to wnrn the Captain Retief, but did not, fenring to mnke myself foolish. Ah ! my father', if I had spoken, how many would have lived who soon were dead ! Butwhat does it matter ? In any case most of them would hnve been dead by now. ; " - ? On the fourth morning, early-, Dingaan sent a messenger to the Boers, bidding thom' meet him in the cattle kraal, for there he would mark tho paper. So they caine,, stacking" their guns at the gate of the kraal,' for it waB death , for ; any man, white or black, to como armed before the presence of the king. Now, my father,' the kraal TJmgugundhlovu waa built in a great circle, after the fashion of royal kraals. . First came the higher outer fence, then the thou- sands of huts that ran three parts round between tho great fence and the irinerf öne. .'Within this inner fence was'the largq.open space, big enough to hold five regiments, and at the top of it-opposite the entrance -stood the cattle kraal itself, "that cut off a piece of theVopen sphcei by another'-'fence bent like a bow. Behind this again; were the Emposcni, the place of the king's women, the guard-house,' the ]abyrintli.-;!óndj!'the: IntunJcuïn, tho house of the king. Dingaan carno out on that day arid sat on a stool in front of the cattle kraal, and by him stood a man holding a shield"over bis head-to keep tho sun from him. ' : Also',''? .we 'of ".'the Amapakati,' foo, council, weJ»' there, nnd ranged round, the fence pf the space, armed with short Bticks^only- not'with'kerries, my father-waa that regiment of young men which Dirigoan^had, hot.'/^nt';away,'.;tho' captain of tho regiment hoing stationed near; to the king, on the right. .> <-; Presently; ? the; Boers; caine in' oh foot and: walked up 'to' the King' in1 a body, ári'd'Din; gunn : grêete'd! them' well, and -'shook haridt with Berief, their captain. . ^Then Retie! drew the paper from a leather pouch, which set out the grant pf land, and it was trans- lated to the king hy an interpreter. Dingaan Baid that it was good, and set his mnrk upor it, and all the Boers were pleased, and smiled across their faces. Now they would have Baid farewell, but Dingaan forbade them, saying that. they muBt not go yet first they must eat and ' see' the soldieri dance a little, and,he commanded dishes o: boiled flesh which* had been made ready, and bowls of milk to be brought to thom. Bul the Boers said that they had already eaten still, they drank of the milk, passing tk< bowk from hand tb hand. Now the regi ment began io dance, singing the Inijoma that is the war chant of us Zulus, my father and the Boers drew back towards the cent» of the space to give the soldiers room tc dance in. It was at this moment.that ] heard Dingaan give an order to a messongei tb; run' swiftly to the white Doctor ol Prayers; who was staying without the krna telling him not to be afraid, and I wondered what this might mean, for why should tin Prayer Doctor fear a dance such as he had often i seen ; before ?, ., Prosently}. Dingaan roseland,.followed by all, walked;througl the press to where the Captain Ketief stood and bade him farewell,, shaking him by th< hand, and bidding bim JtambJa r/aclilc,to g< in; peace. Then he turned and walker, back again towards, thëï gatèway which led to|his royal house,5,:and I saw that near thii entrance stood the captain of the regiment, as one stands who waits for orders. Then of a sudden, my father, Dingnnr Btopped and cried with a loud voice, " Bula lani Ahafaka/iV' (sloy the wizards), and having cried it he covered his face with thi corner of his blanket, and passed'behind the fence. ??' r : ?' We, the councillors, stood astounded, liki men who bad become stone ¡ but before wi could speak or apt the captain of the, regi mènt had also'cried aloud, '. Bulala ni Alafa TcatiV and the signal had been caught u| from every side. Then, my father, came i yell, and a rush of thousands of feet, ani through the clouds of dust we saw the sol diers hurl themselves - upon the Am abo on n arid above the shouting we .heard the souni of falling sticks. The Amaboona drowthei knives and fpught bravely, but before a mai could, count a hundred twico it was done and they were being dragged, some fo\ doad, hut tho most yet living, towards th gates'bf the kraal and out on to tho Hil of; Slaughter, and there, on the Hill o Slaughter, they were massacred every one 6 them, i ? How ? ¡. Ah ! I will not tell you thby were massacred; and piled ina heap arid that was the end of their, story,, rn; father. .. i: . . -, Now I arid other councillors turned tn; arid walked silently towards tho houBe of th king. We'found him standing before hi great hut, and, lifting our hands, wo salute; him silently, saying no word.1 It was Din gaan who spoke, laughing a little ns he spoke lilco.a man who ÍB uneasy in his mind. 'Ah, my captains,' ho said,.'when th vultures pluriied themselves this morning am shrieked to the' sky for blood, thay did no look for such. a feast as I have given them And; you, my captains, you little guessed hoi great a king the(îleavens.have set to ru! ovor you,- nor ho w deep'ia the , mind of th; king that watches' ever' over hiB people' welfare. . Now the land is free from th White Wizards'of whose footsteps"the Blacl One croaked as he gave up tho spirit, or BOO; shall ho, for this is but a beginning. Ho Messengers!' and. he, turned to some wh; stood behind him, ' away swiftly to the impi who'are gathered behind the mountain, a wa; to.thém, bearing the king's word to the cap tains.-' This- is tho king's word; that tbi regiments run to the land bf'Natal and slai the Boers there, wiping thom out, mari woman, and child. Away!';: Now the messengers cried out . the roya salute. of. Bai/efe, mid, leaping forward like spears from tlie hand of the thrower, were gone at once. , But we, the councillors, .tlié members 'of the AmajiaJcati, still stood silent . : Then Dirigaari' spoke again, addressing md-'? ' 'Is thy-heart at rest now, Mopo, son ol Makedaina?., Ever has thou bleated in -mj earj of this white people, and of the deeds that they shall do, and lo! I have, blown upor. them with ray breath arid they, are gone Say, Mopo, are the Amaboona wizards yon' der all dead? If any"be"le£t"alive,T desire to sneak .with;one .of them.',. . A r, - / Then I ' looked'Dingaan 'iri-the face and 'spoke. ' They are all dead, and thou, O King, thou also art dead;' ' ',Tt were well for thee, thou dog,' said Dingaan" that thou make thy meaning plain.' '¡Let the'king pardon me, I-answered, ' this is my'meaning; Thou canst not kill these white'men, for they are not of one race, but of many'races, and the sea is their horrie,' they rise1 out of.the black water, Destroy'; those that are here, and others shall come to avenge them, more and more and more ! Now, thou hast smitten in. thy hour; in theirs they shall smite in turn. ' Now they lie j low in blood , at thy hand ; in a day to come, O.King, thou shalt lie low in blood at theirs; > Madness has taken hold of thee, O King,:that, thou ;hast, done, this thing, and the fruit of thy madness, shall,he.thy death. I have,spoken, I, who,am.the king's servant. Lot the will.of the king.bo.donp.' .. , Then I stood waiting to be.killed, for, my father, in the fury/ pf my heart; at the wicked- ness which had been worked. I could not hold .back my words. Thrice Dingaan looked on me with . a, terrible face, and yet there was fear in his face strivirig with its rage, and I waited calmly ,to see which would conquer, the fear pr the rage. When'atlasfche spoke it ^vas one. word, ' Oo !' not three words! ' Take him aida!/' So I went yet living, and with mo went the councillors, leaving the king alone. ' '.,',.! I went with a heavy heart, my father, for of ¡ all 'the evil eights that I' have seen it 'seemed to me that this was' the most evil that the ' Amaboona should be slaughtered thus' treacherously, and that the imnis should be sent out treacherously to murder th oso that were left of them, together with their 'women and .'children. Ay, and they slew-BÍX hundred of them: did they slay yonder in Weénen, the; place of weeping. 1 Say, rivy father, why does the TJrikulunkulu who sits' iri, the'Heavens above allow such thirigs tb be florie on the earth beneath ? I have board the preaching of the white men, and theyrsoy'that they know_all about Him ;^¡tíiat-'His Dairies are Power'and'Mercy and Love. Why, then, does' He stiffer these things to bo dbrié-^-why does he Buffer such 'men air Qh'áka fand Dingaan to torment the' 'people' of - the- earth,1 and in,: the 'end' give them .' but one''death for!all '-the '-thousands that they have given to others ?_Beeause of ¡thu'mckednoss bf "the peoples, you MT ;' but n»,;'nbj' that cannot be, :for;;do':nbt the' ^ltless'.'go :with] thie guilly^p-ayV do not Wie innocence children perish' by'thtfjhundred P ; Perchanco *thcre is another answer,' though | who nm. I, my. father, that, I, in my folly,: should strive to search out tho way of the i Unsearchable ? Perchance it is but a part of a great plan, a little piece of that pattern of which I spoke-the pattern on the cup that holds the waters of His wisdom.) Wow! I do not understand, who am but a wild man,|nor hare I found more knowledge in the hearts of you tamed white people. You know many things, but of these you do not know : you cannot tell us what we were an hour before birth, nor what we shall be an hour after death, nor why we wero born, nor why we die. You can only hope and believe -that is all, and porhaps, my father, before many days are sped I shall be wiser than all of you. : Por I. am very aged, the fire of my life, siuks low- it burns in my brain alone; there it is still bright, but soon that will go out also, and then perhaps I s ball understand. 