THE CONGREGATIONALISTS AND HOME RULE. Boycotted Ministers. Of the fifty Congregationslist candi dates in Great Britain at the general eleotion all are fcupporters of Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule policy with the solitary exception of Oaptain Thomas, who is a Liberal-Unionist. There are Tory members connected with all the great leading denominations—have we not even Tory. Catholics?—but a Tory! Congregationalist is alraoBt unknown, and if he exuts he knows he has not thej ghost of a chance of being supported by bis co-religioniBts. Turning to Ireland,j we find nearly the same unanimity where j it dares avowiiself. ~ Boycotting is not a weapon in the exclusive use- of the Nationalists. It is now transpiring daily that the most cruel, underhand pressure : is being bronght to bear npon Noncon formist ministers by the more fanatical of their flocks to declare themselves on the aide of the old ascendancy party. There is a remarkable letter in a recent issue of the Independent from Mr. Walter Baxendale, who was for seven years pastor of the Limerick Congregational Church. He does not conceal his distrust of the Catholic Church; but his deliberate statement, as the result of personal observation in Ireland, is none the lesB instructive—is, indeed, all the more instructive coming from Buch a quarter. Mr. Baxendale knows the difficulties his brethren have to contend with in the North of Ireland, for he has been among them. He tells the world boldly that in every congregation in Ulster there is a small band of Orange fanatics who will do their best to make their minister sign anything. "If it were not," he says, " for the Tories and the landlords the South, as I have seen it, would be the home of perfect religious toleration—as to the North, the less said on that point the better." He goes on to say that " of the Congregational ministers who supported Home Rule a few years ago Borne have been got rid of, some are silent, and for the rest—I blush to say it—I fear that some of them have been "forced to sign these appeals" against an Irish legis lature. Learning is neceBBarily a slow process. Truth and facts percolate gradually into the brain, and are not rapidly assimilated by the conscience and intellect. That perhaps is the reason why Mr. Baxendale seems at present unable to realise, what is patent enough to other observers, that the superior toleration among the Catholics of the South must be due in some measure to that great Church at whoBe feet they are taught and have been taught for centuries. Let ub have justice both to Church and people. If justice is a good thing we cannot have too much of it. Mr. Madsen, the Irish Attorney General, is to fill the long-standing vacancy on the Irish Bench, caused by the death of Baron Dowse. Mr. Atkin son, Q.C., will now become Attorney General, and Mr. Carson, Q.C., who will, probably, be elected member for Dublin University, will succeed him as Solicitor General. It is only fair to eay, now that Mr. Madden quits active politics, that he was one of the most courteous and fair minded Conservative law officers we have had in Ireland for a very long time. 