CURRENT OPINION. THE MARRIAGE PROBLEM. ! The annual boiling-up of letters on mar ' tinge, its blessing and troubles, lias taken i place in London daily and weekly journals, and in our leading columns we have ex pressed opinions of our own. The subject is of everlasting interest, and we reproduce some of the comments which the discussion has called forth. One of the sensiblest papers has appeared in All (he Year Round, the writer being, we should think, a woman : " People seem surprised that so many mar riages should turn out failures. I do not know why they should be. How many friendships are enduring? Net a large percentage. Why? Because the qualities which go to make a good friend are rare. You lind liiiu out, or lie finds you out. -And so husbands and wives find each other out. And small won der. Everylody wants to marry; certainly the large majority want to inuiry. (1 change . 'everybody' to the 'large majority,' because, no doubt, as you will perceive when you reflect, there are people who do not want to j marry. And I believe, moreover, that, not j seldom, these are the very people who marry | first _ . | " Probably, if it were possible to publish | an accurate statistical account of how every . marriage came aljout which has taken place ; in England within the last five-and-twenty j years, the world would be amazed. It is j my own persuasion that scarcely any per- j son can give a logical reason why he or | she was married. Ciiculate a census paper j among the manied folks of England j asking why they married each other, at j least 'JO per cent, will reply that they have j not the faintest notion. It is no answer for i Mrs. Plumper to say that she married Mr. | Plumper because she liked him. 'Good. gracious. Mrs. Plumper, what made you like . a man like Plumper?' ' Well-I don't know ; -I suppose because he liked me.' 'Plumper, , what made you like Mrs. Plumper?' ' My I dear fellow, I've asked myself the question j a hundred times. I've not the ghost of an j idea.' , " A man has sat by a woman's side in an , omnibus, spoken to her for the first time i in his life in handing her fare to the con ductor, married her within the week, and; lived happily with her ever afterwards. | There is a story told of a man who went: to a big tradesman. ' You supply your customers with everything ; do you snppiy \ them with wives?' The tradesman thought j that he might be able to supply a fair class of goods even in that line. He introduced a j young lady who was serving behind the j counter. The customer started off then j and there to procure a special licence, ! married the girl in the morning, and never j regretted it to the day he died. There is no : prima fw ie reason why such a story should i be false. You say that it is a mistake for a ; man to have known his wife too long i>efure ; he married her? My dear sir. I know a case] of two cousins who were born in the same! house, within a few weeks of each other, who i have lived together in the same house ever j since, and who have been married now more ! than twelve years, and a happier marriage j never was. The thing is a mystery. i " Some tell you that happiness in marriage is an affair of physical constitution, of like mating like. This is by no means certain. 1 am acquainted with a somewhat notorious case of a woman, who, as a girl, was very pretty, and who is still very far from ugly. She married a man who was one of a fan..:y of paralytics- to the ordinary beholder a dreadful family. He was partially paralysed at the time she married him-married iiim, it may easily be credited, against the wishes of all her relatives and friends. He has done nothing for himself unassisted, from that hour to this. For some time he has lost the entire use of all his limbs. Yet she coutinues to worship him with what, to onlookers, is a wholly incomprehensible devotion. Until recently I used to see her every' day. She looked the picture of happiness, of perfect content with the goods the gods have given her. I know another case of a man who bas wheeled his wife in front of him tor, I understand, over two and twenty years. She is afflicted with some terrible disease. He is now an officer on half-pay-lie has only his half-pay to live upon-and to see how he watches the very shadows as they chase each other across his wife's lace is enough to bring the tears into your eyes. No, happiness in marriage is not necessarily an affair of physical constitution. " Others tell you that children bring manied happiness. Always? Can the ladies and gentlemen who figure in the Divorce Courtnever show any fruit of their unions? Youmust have a limited acquaintance if you do not know a Darby and Joan who never had a baby of their own'. But, you say, there are more happy marriages with children than without. Possibly. Because, in the. very large majority of cases, mar riage and .children go together. If yon mean relatively more, I doubt it. I doubt it children have much to do with it either one way or the other. It is absurd to say that happiness in marriage depends ob similarity or dissimilarity of mental temperament Wise men marry fools and never regret it; and wise men marry fools and never cease regretting it We {are constantly being told, by a certain class of people and in a certain class of literature, that happiness in marriage depends upon c.oral qualitibs, that 'a gpqd woman should marry uf^oodman, that that is the secret". This may be lieautiful in theory, and one may feel that- one -would like to believe it; but, unfortunately, it is contrary to the teachings of experience " Most people wha fipe&fc; glibly of IdVe speak £>f it withdut having « rudimentary notion of what love is.fltiato them an qnknown quantity. Very much an unknown quantity if they(would *only .jusfc once in a way, pause to*thinlpaf it; The feeling Senerally spokenoY «e Jove is, in a hpndifea nd one cases ofrt-^iery^htmdren-^like one's appetite-evanesptyit0 ; Tthe. toiid {of love, especially, tvhjph iafrequently raved of by the pofets W Tiotaonly 'of its very «HtUre evanescent, l>ut,4ike tmH^fthe%erjicnt, ijt leaves di? ve>»' worst effects )^)un<l.-Sofiei of these gentlemen might as reasonably jurjge i thrir admirers to make the one end and ami of their being a desire to ' quad ' a hogshead of neat brandy at a sitting. Their raptures suggest one form of delirium tremens; the hogshead of brandy would merely suggest an other form. Those who begin with an ecstacy of passion in oue sense will inevitably end with an ecstacy of passion in another sense. At the best the result will be a polite equiva lent of black eyes. Men and women are un able, by reason of their constitution, to keep up an unnatural tension in any one direction for any length of time. The tension is apt to become equally unnatural in a diametri cally opposite direction. The pendulum swings. Toin loves Jane madly when he marries her; six months afterw ards be enjoys as little of her society as he conveniently can. Madness has its contrasting phases. " Love, in any decent sense, requires self sacrifice. How many persons are there capable of genuine self-sacrifice-of even momentary self-sacrifice? Of the self sacrifice which, unmurmuring, endures to the grave-how nianv persons have you met capable of that? And though Tom may be capable of self-sacrifice for Jane, it by no means therefore follows that Jane is capable of self- sacrifice for Tom. How many a Jane is there who is sacrificing her all for Tom, while Tom, at the best, merely approves her sacrifice? Many a woman has married a man really loving him ; she has sacrificed all that she could for him, she has devoted her life to making his life happy. Gradually it dawns upon her that, from the first, he has reaily only been permitting this, that all the time his heart has been with other gods. " We may remark to the sentimentalists who inform us that it is love which seasons marriage, that the number of happy mar riages into which love has never entered for a moment from first to last are as the sands of the spa for multitude. There is happiness and happiness. There is the happiness of the man who asks nothing better than to ha\e a pair of slippers 011 11 is feet, a pipe in his mouth, and a paper in his hand ; and there is the happiness of the mail whose vision soars to heights empyrean. There is the man who, so long as he can live a hum drum bind of existence, unaffected by any violent earthquake shocks from without, is as happy as the day is long. If a man of this kind marries a woman of his own kind, his cup of happiness is full, and (one may add) so is hers. People of this sort abound. They form the bulk of the English middle classes. They are the backbone of the country typical English folk. Talk to them of love ! Stuff and nonsense ! Tliey never indulged in such folly. 'Did we, Mary?' 'No, John, that we never did.' They read the reports of the breach of promise cases with con temptuous amazement. They never wrote each other ' spoony' letters. They never exchanged 'spoony' words. Thank good ness, no. Five minutes after marriage, and fifty years after marriage, they address each other with exactly the same common-sense stolidity. They are attached to their house, they are attached to their furniture-especi ally are they attached to their easy chairs and they are attached to each other. In deed, they almost regard each other as easy chairs. E&ch; is a necessary adjunct to each other's comfort; if John dies, it is quite possible that Mary will marry again-the chair, having worn out, needs replacing. If Mary dies it is equally possible that John will marry two other wives in quick succes sion, and he will lie happy with all three of them alike. The setitim- ntalists who main tain that 110 marriage can be happy where 110 love is must either have a limited acquain tance of their fellows, or they must have wilfully closed their eyes to the things which they have seen." "It is a singular trait of a certain sort of human nature, that the man who is willing to share with a wife his sorrows i6 unwilling to share with her his joys. There are teachers who tell us that a clever and an ambitious man should not take unto him self a wife, lest she should hamper him, not only in the days of his struggle, but also in the days of his achievement. It takes all sorts of men to make a world. To me such teaching is most amazing, by all means let each man ask himself what is hip aim in life. If he himself is, to himself, the beginning, and the middle, and the end, by all means let 'him set up his god and worship it If he is cool, and hard, and calculating, it does not by any means follow that he is, in any Bense, a worse man than either you or I; and, probably, to him marriage is but an incident. There is nothing to be said against that. Each man is entitled to his own point of view. If we could only see it! We see it swiftly ot ourselves, but 6lowly enough of others. To numbers of men mar riage is but an incident. That is their point of view, and one which, so tar as I can see, they are. quite entitled to hold. Hut this I do affirm : the man who, when he was nothing and nobody, married a woman who brought him nothing but her love, who shares with her his struggles, and who, when the dav of his triumph comes, drops 1ier, just as though it were a matter of course, to all intents and purposes out of his existence-I do affirm that such a man is a cnr. Such curs are to be found in what, in the world's reckoning, are the very highest places. There is the great actor, Mr. Stacit. You rueet him everywhere: in princes' houses. Did you ever see Mr*. Stacit ? No. Yet there is a Mrs. Stacit. " ' Dear Mr. Stacit! Such a dreadful story ! So sad for him! You know, when he was a young man, and his genius was still unrecognised, 1 have heard that he mar ried quite a common person-a mere bullet girl, 1 believe Altogether impossible that she should be received in society.' "That is the sort of thing you hear-and! from women. Altogether impossible to re-1 ceive her in society! A much more impos sible person is received-Mr. Stacit. The man, despite his outward fantastic trappings, is reaily but a dirty blot upon the fair scutcheon of our common manhood. What is meant is this: Mr. Stacit, when he was a beggar, took unto himself another beggar, in .the shape of a woman, accepted all that she 1iad to ftive him, fed her with the bread of bitterness, and when, after yeara of struggle, triumph .catne at last, he denied her what she had earned more righteously than he had done-the rest which cometh after, labour, the joy which follows pain. There is the popular artist, Dauber. You meet him .everywhere.. Did you ever meet Mrs. Dauber? You hear her spoken of, in a whisper, at the club. *1 rather fancy that Dauber married lu6 model. Couldn't aflfprd 1 to pay her fees, so he. married her .instead.* He couldn't ve. JieiviBoney for her services, so what has he given her iliBtehd?' ? "What lifts he given fier! The privilege of Jieing his wife? And what a privilege itseenis to be! It appears that she was only io tcgard beraelf as hip equal- his wife-^upr4o a.wrtaiji.i»Qint in -l»ie career'; and tlieo-ivliut was she to regard herself us thro! .fen'-"*1; - . ? ? -? ?? ; *'<3tttUenijE»i s$t Stack's kidney and of '"'They are quite of what.are oallc3 slib^ewful' wen. They are .< istuteBuien, I di lanes. . A W9in^%h<MSiftiuriied to a certain typ& t»f j man must look forward with positive terror to the days when lie shall achieve success. She knows tlmt his triumph will mean her fall. When I read that iften-told story of tlie woman-which, mark you, is always told against the woman-who destroyed her hus band's masterpiece before it was given to the world, I wonder if that woman did not know her husband through and through ; if she was not too well aware that he was quiteVre pared to sacrilice her on the altar of 'his owu self-seeking. And I ask myself if she was not almost justified in the thing she did. I do not know what is sometimes meant by the ' rights of women ;' but I do know this -that it is the l ight of every woman to share, to the last fragment, the triumphs of the man who, voluntarily, of his own free will, has merged her life with his." 