Parliamentary Notes. I : : (Br THE MAV o$ THE FENCE). On Thursday, the 9tlv, the third session of the 13th Parliament of South Australia was opened by the Governor reading his speech as. complied by the' 39th : Ministry under the leadership of " Honest Tom " alias - Tom of the Foot." which upon this occasion I think must have been too heavy for the " four-step policy." and has mangled it considerably. The mountain has been in labour and brought forth a mouse.. I trust that some "effort will be made to cany out the opening line on the programme, for it is straight to the point, and would be a splendid; motto for the walls of Parliament house. , It reads thusly—" I have called you together for the dispatch of business." ' The first business noted in the programme for dispatch is a bonus for butter exportation, hut what in the name of Caesar's ghost do we want that- for, when we cannot supply our own requirements. At present we are importing large quantities, aud paying a fine of 2d. per lb. for doing BO, notwithstanding the fact that it is now from 2s. to 2,*. <5d. per lb. in' the Adelaide market. Dispatch that quick to the waste paper pile. Industrial reform is one of the matters to be talked about. It is to be sincerely hoped that any legislation in this direction will be fraught with good to all concerned, and that strikes will become a mere matter of history, and a more rational way of settling disputes be resorted to. Pastoral lands is'another item to be considered, rent being a secondary consideration to the utilization ot unoccupied lands. By all means, deal liberally with our pioneer's, place them on an equal or better footing than our neighbours are doing, so that our flocks and cur herds may increase, that we may be able to supply ourselves with meat, ind have a large surplus for exportation, "without a bonus. The Common-wealth Bill is put down on the programme for consideration. What good can come out of it I fail to see, unless it be to waste time, seeing that Victoria has erected another barrier against it in the shape of a Stock Tax, and the " MiUtcent Debating Society " settled the matter here last week that this colony should follow suit. Mr. Cock, our junior member, tells us it won't raise the price of meat. He had a different opinion when he was on the hustings. Electoral reform is down for discussion, but I do not think that our next election will be for single electorates, or that our voting system will be altered. - — - The South* 'Eastern Drainage Scheme is recommended in accordance irith the report of the Commission who recently visited the district, freeholders are to be chafed interest for benefits received, lease holders, I should think will have to " stump up" also. Sowever much it may be desired, my tip is, " it won't come off." After drainage comes irrigation, with a view to forming fruit colonies, etc.. Milang and other places on the Murray are among the spots that are likely to be favored with a few parliamentary picnics ostensibly to spy out the land, but, as in some other affairs of the kind, more attention is likely to be paid to the drainage of the State cow for the supply of fluids for personal irrigation experiments. However, I think, it would be a scheme well worthy of consideration, and should be taken up by the State, for if it pays ^companies like Chaffey Bros., there is no reason why it should not pay the State. It will, too, if managed on commercial and business like principles. The land laws are to be put in as usual for annual repairs. I think they are already a master-piece of patchwork, and ought to be sent as a curio to the Chicago Exhibition, and a bran new one made up that would last for a few years without the services of the tinker being required. There are a-few of the leading lines .of our present Ministry's stock in trade, but there is a host of smaller items too numerous to particularize. 