. I-FRIENDLY SERVICE. FROM JPI SKPSTOUE to GBACE RUSSELI* Villa Bellina, Nice, let Jtme. /fcRACE, my dearest, dearest friend, I am VP half wild- To you only can I repeal »y sorrow, my faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unesp^tedblow has fallen on me. Listen: You know that I *>ave been staying here for the with mother, the doctors bavingorderedher South at a day's notice. I could not find it " my heart to ask my husband to accom pany nsj just as the London Season had commenced, «nd it is impossible to rejoin . Jam before theead of the month. Yesterday the English post brought me-~ i guess what! An; anonymous letter, wntten in an unknown, and manifestly disguised hand, informing vme that my h»sb^ *® i canine1 oil an intrigue with Tflts. St. George , -that tall, stout woman with reddish hair, and a deservedly bad reputation. You must know her; tine meets her everywhere. I am jealous, you wtellknow, but I believe this person' to be dangerous. Somehow, all the men admire her, but 1 think her absolutely horrible. I am informed that she was very intimate with ] George before bur .marriage, and that now the intimacy is resumed." What to do^l know, not, but 1 feel persuaded that you will advise me wisely and well. You are so clever: At this time all London is about, and on«%neeis ^everyone. You are jerta"1 ] to see him and perhaps her also. Tatch, observe, and teU me what you see. My dearest Grace, " rememberyour fnend is tortured with cruel doubts, which she desires to dispel, that uncertainty is killing her, and that she prefers the truth at all cost, bitter though it may be. Reply at once-watch fclosely. Think of me, dearest Grace; for vou, my mother, and my child lire ail I have in the world to love.-Yours forever, ^ ^ JDA OKACE RtSSEIX to Ioa Seymoch. 1000, Half-Moon-street, Piccadilly. 4th June. You are mad, my poor friend, absolutely stark, staring mad ! Take heart, and be reasonable.. You have received an anony mous letter from some spiteful, jealous -woman ; for such epistles always come.from women. * An anonymous letter ! W hoever pays the slightest attention it® such a thing 1 Burn it I Burn it 1 If you only knew how many i received in the lifetime of Mr. Russell -but I never took the least, heed of them. Nevertheless they sometimes spoke the truth-but peace to his memory. As you have often observed, 1 am happily indepen dent and still young-only 32 a few days ego.: You. are by ;five years my junior. Follow mv eicample-don't worry yourseit ttway withVouble.. But, to return to your letter-well, it wpiild give uie the greatest satisfaction to. destroy it, and think no-more ' * y<jtfhave a:husband who loves yon, of this I have jao doubt. You are a happy woman to be io.toved. Your husband is wealthy and generojis-you have, a lovely child ; in fact Possess fcverything a woman lould^esire. But yon are jealous. Do hot leceive yourself. . " , Even admitting that there is some truth in the letter, is it not better that you should close.vour eyes to it » 1 can see you Jump off your chair as you read thesewords. : My dear,.,I.have had more experience of the world;than you'. . _ ' ' . Notwithstanding the fact that I had-little depth of affection for my late: hushand, I suffered' in feeling that I -was deceived: . It wounded my amour propre. What can' We poor women do in such a«a!sS? Hold bur tonguesj thatis alL You complain that Mrs. St. George is dangerous',1 and "that her repu tation js faulty. Well, so much the better, for i m j>lrsua3ed' that your husband is puce at tfeaft.and if he have any stupid fancy for this1 Worniii, it"is-bnly a passing one. Now .surtely you see clearly.; there is ^no eerious cSu'ae for anxiety- As td'myself, it is hardly **> assure you that there is nothingl^wbuldirot do for you$.and if ?vou insist;although it is repugnant-to.mc to play the part of » spy,-1 will do what yon' wish". But'you will not insist, I feel cer tain.-Your old and sensible friend, ?' >*?' <. ? ; ? .. . GRACE. IbA Seymour to Grace RcSSELT-V . . !Nice, 8tfa June. ? Certainly I insist, and that riotwitfiBtar.d |ng you ir advice. . . Be frank me at once;and if I asktoo touch in expbctipg^ this service fipni you, 1 xnust.be released from1 .this state'.of? uncer tain ty,--'! must know all. I believed that I could have coiinted on you, as yon could on me in a. similar circumstance. To me it appearstliat true friendship has no scruples, and nevk- he9tat«i iKrreMer a sfervice to a loved one. , .. , . ."* But perhaps I am Wrong: youjr reply will prove this, r-With fondest love, " IbA. Prom G#ACE RCSSELL to IdaSeykoor. London, 12th June lYour lefcter wounded , me deeply, "YouJfcelieveji tliat my friendship faltered, vben.it was uiy reason which hesitated But, sipce youpersist, notwithstanding all 1 have said , to djssuadeyou, and since jyou oue&fcion; my affection for you, I no longer hesitate. You awicount on me-I have sharp eyes - and will do all that is possible to find out whether your fears have any foundation. Now we understand one another. 1 thought of you only : and if anything disagreeable happens, yotawill have no right to reproach '"come what may, believe always in the friendship and affection ot your faithful and devobsd friend, : GRACE. P.S.-On Thursday night Airs. Leslie pecsives? Ybur husband is pretty certain to b= there, and perhaps the lady also. _ * know (he goes-there frequently. I shall be there. Tea Seymour to Grace RUSSELL. \- '* < Nice," 15th June. ' Thanks - my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon. me.. "I; was, indeed, hasty *nd unjust; but! was suffering horribly. You are so good-so affectionate-I am sure you trill forgive me. . , What I have gone throusrb during the past few days ! Yes, you are right; 1 am jealous. For a long time past I believe myself safe from.any. violent -sentiment; and then, besides, a jealous person is always ridiculous. ' At this --moment you must toe about to start for Mrs. Leslie's as you pro tni'seal. JW friend ! Now that you have consented to do what I wish, I feel almost ashamed of my request. But,: be assured, whatever comes, and no matter What ycu may communicate to me I shall not be angry .with you." ;To do so would be nothing more or less than ?nfamous. Ko; we chall be faster friends ti ian ever. Half-past ten- Now, you must be at Mrs. 'Leclie's, surely ! What will you dis cover ? . Mercifu powers, how I tremble! Thinks, again am. again, my darling Gracc. ?-Your true friend. [Telegram.] To' IDA Sevmodk.-The person not at Leslie's last night. George alone. Spoke to him. Tried to get soir'fcthing trom htm. Impenetrable. Hope netinug true. Love. GRACE. (Telegram.] To GBACE RUSSELL. - Thanks for message. ^ontinu-5 your observations. Send news by telegram. More rapid. Write only to give particulars. Fondest love. Ida. ? [Telegram.] To IDA SEYMOUR,-Nothing new To-day it private view Water-colours. Saw her. George not there. Going away to-morroiv. GRACE. , . {Telegram, j To IDA Skymodk.-At Academy. Saw Seoree, but not the person.-GKACB. XTele£ram-l , To IDA Seyxovx.-Garden party atRich mond. Saw George and the person together, tetter follows. -GKACB. GKACE B."3ssEtL to IDA SEYMOTO. London, 17th June. _ Only two words to confirm and explain the telegram I: sent you ten minutes a-o. Sen I have seen George and Mrs. &t.; t2«9rfi« tflgfltiUer. Very Ijandsoaa? «no looked too, .notwjfctstanding ^i6r ,^10 ycirs.. Your husband did not appear until' rather late, and the moment he saw her he joined" her. He remained at- her side until the party broke up. , I never lost^Igh t of that bonnet with: the yellow ostrich tips for a moment. I really believg, there is notbiug serious between them. At all events, were I in your place, this prolonged conversation in public would reassure me. When there is anything between two persons they do not speak much ; before others. I will continue my observa I tions.-All my love, and, believe me, ever yoarte, GRACE. IDA Seitmoub to GRACE. RUSSELL. "' . " ' Ifice, 20th June. 1,0 not be disco.uraged, my dearest, dearest Grace. -. I do ^not. brieve the itieeting at Richmond was (accidental. , . Geoige ' has always objected to accompany me to garden., parties-said they bored him ineffably,. .Continue your mission courage ously, and tell me all-even though it Should break my heart, I must know all. 'Oh, that odious woman Sb George i How I hate her L. And my husband-well, if my doubts are justified, £ shall, hate him also, and 4 will neyer, never pardon him.-I'sehd :you 'fondest love. ' IDA. ' * . .. [TelegraimJ IDA SEtMouR.'-Met 'both at private view British Artists. Have bad news. Don't be too anxious. Nathing positive, nothing really .serious, only certain symptoms; Letter follows.--GKACE. I . GKACE RCSSELL to IDA, Skvmouii. | London, 2ith June. My .poor darling Ida, I have just returned from the 'private view of British Artists. The exhibition.is- a remarkable one this year, and I was lost in admiration of a'lovely, study of a head,. when yourhiisband, accom panied by fche.iady in Question, passed 'in front, of me obstructing my view ; lie looking .as.: elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing a yellow bonnet! How the woman adores yellow ! The*' moment your husband saw me he left her , and came to speak to me. He was most gracious, and : not in the least put out. . He gave me 'news ; of you, and complained of the scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next he j would tell you he had seen me. ' It was comical, and I could have laughed, had, I not thought of your present state of au'xiety. Meanwhile, the. lady pretended to be inter ested in the pictures. Two or three times, however, . she glanced furtively at me. George,,said good-bye, and "off" they went' . together^ X seated myself, and watched themas they passed round the room ; but at. length, fearing ! might arouse suspicion, I' thought it prudent to go, but "wished above: all' things to see their parting. There is so' much in th'e way people greet one another and ftiv farewell, especially.the toiler. I left the place, and ' turuech into a hall door in Suffolk-street, next to the Gallery., i Right in; front "of me stood a " brougham, § ? which, from the somewhat untidy appear-: l ance of ' the servants, 1 judged to | belong to Mrs. St/ George". I had not .long ' to wait They both came out; your husband " accompanyihg the lady to her carriage. Tlie footman opened the door, closed it, and moved away. Up to this point, you see, there wasnoth j ing to iind fault "with. But whilst the foot 3 mariweiitbehind' the carriage to get to his. place'on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few words- rapidly : ? " To-morrow night Lyceum-Box A." At the same instant the coachman whipped up the horses and drove away. Your " husband looked after it for a second or so,: lighted a cigarette, and went off in the direction of Piccadilly; and I drove to my. dressmaker in Bond-street. . . .* : Sere, my darling Ida, is what happened, .l assure you it grieves me intensely to tell you ail this, but 1 must remind . you that ynu wished it. This is now the critical moment - you still: have time to reflect. Will you stop here, 6r do you-wish me to go to tSie . Lyceum'., on-.Thursday ? Reply by telegram ah soon as you recjeive thi?, and I will obey.'-With fond love, ever your devoted*. GRACE. ?! . [Telegram.] : To Grape RUSSELL.-Go to Lyceum. If yon do not, t will never forgivp you.-IDA. .;Gkj^e, Russell to IDA. SEYMOcr. j "?^^lindon^"26th'June,,<3 o'clock a.ra. | Gourige/lda dearest; Lim obliged to do that which iscbnel. '.f'] '. IIwas 'Bt^hev Lyceum to-night, as yon wished, in the back of a box facing, 3ox A." I arrived as tlie curtain rose; and just .as j the ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs; George -entered the box, followed by . yourhusbanfi. 3 . . She seated-herself at the ,.front, shading j herself ^witiir an enormous fan. He seated | himself behind her. There was "ho one else "j in-the box., The play over they rose to go. ] I loet.-them -in the crowd, of course; but' ! was not .fco .bei heateu, so I popped into a . hansom find drove to Ae?-r..house,,just:to see if he ,yquld accompany her houie. J"o my great relief she was alone; and I was just about to; give orders to. the driver to take me home, when another liansoin stopped at her door, and from it George emerged, and entered that fatal hguse. Hoping he would ! jconiejput^,very ^moment, I remained on the ..watch until two this morningbut when 1 1 left he was still there. ' " -3Vow,-, I ^la^e aiicorcplished^the mission I wliich yoju egtjrusfed to me/faithfully. ;It has turned'put'bacBy, but l do not complain if I have given you a, new proof of thte deep. affection I have for you. GRACE. IDA Seymodb to GEACE RUSSELL. Nice,. 30th-June. Thanks, my dearest; oh, thanks ! You have indeed proved your friendship. I will never forgive him-a man whom I adored whom I married in opposition to the wishes j of all my relations; to whom I gave my | whole life. . - The horrible wretch ! I | telegraphed to him tocome to Nice instantly, : without saying why. - When he arrives I . will tell him all (without compromising you, however, my dearest- Grace). I will fling my reproac'-.es in his face. Whatever may be his -reply, I have decided on my course. : There can never again be anything in common between this man and me.. . If the law be insufficient to protect me, I know i how to ceparate myself for ever from such ah hateful being. As for you, my darling ' friend, I never can be * sufficiently gratefuL . You are the best, the most noble of wooen. Weep for mo, and love me as I love you. \- : T»A. . Ge'ACE RCSSEIX to IDA SEYaiouK.. ? London, 11th August. For eight days, dearest, -not a line . from you.' I am most anxious. What has happened ? Your husband left suddenly for . Nice they informed me at. your house when ' I called to-day to make inquiries. " Sum-! moned by a telegram," they said. Yours of j course. How did the painful scene end ?: What is your decision? How are you? Send me a telegram or letter immediately. : I picture vou ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, one line for Heaven's sake to relieve my mind.- With most affec tionate wishes, always your (Jrace. IDA Setmour to GEACE RUSSELL. Nice, ISth August. My Dear Grace,- Your letter crocked one from mc-that is to say, one I was about to write to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and one things r.'iat I really have not had time to write sooner. Thank you for your solicitude fcr me and my health. It is, however, quite unneces sary, tor all my troubles have disappeared. I Does thisarnaze you ? Strange things happen in life, liiy dear, and suspicions, which often i seem serious, are frequently unfounded. To | adopt your pleasing expression, the "srene" between ' George and me took place immediately on his arrival, but it finished very differently to the way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My hus band -proved to me, clear as daylight, that there was nothing,' absolutely nothing, between him and Mrs. St. George. He cer tainly had an appointment with her at tlie British Artists and at the theatre. You were perfectly correct, butatthe latter place there -tcas a th-'rd person -in the- box. ; You did not see that. He also went to her house after the theatre, but he did net stay as long as you imagined, for half an 'lour after . you saw him euter, he lett by the iooor leading from the billiard-rooia eub of Ijaet of the IiouVe. tVhy these repeated appointments, you will ask ? The reason is simple. It was a projected inarriagre betwjeen an acquaintance of my husband and Mrs. St. George. Some hitch concern ing settlements, had occurred, and Mrs. St* George wished to have the advice of an old friend. By-tlie-by, she is not at all as bad as she is reported to be by scandalmongers, .'and !no intimacy ever existed in the past between ber .-and. George, as X stupidly believed. George was induced to act as intermediary between the lawyers, and to look to Mrs. St. George's interests, and' he made an appoihtnient with .her ;* that night at the Lyceum .as she wished him to speak to a third person, and to announce to him .the fact that the match was ^broken off.' Of course this was no fault of his. All this explains itself,and the terrible "scene " finished in the best , possible way. George scolded me a little for' my insensate suspicions, but has ? pardoned me so generously, so "tenderly, that all my former contented state -of mind is restored. As to the anonymous letter, he believes that it was written by a discharged servant of Mrs. St. George. ? Now permit me to speak frankly concern ing your action in this matter. You should not ; have allowed me to go so far in this ridiculous campaign. You will reply that you' tried to prevent me; I admit this, but'- did ''you do so with a necessary force of persuasion ?-? In short, did you not feel '\a certain pleasure-perhaps unconsciously--to see a cloud pass ,ovfer our felicity, of which you were always a! little jealous.. But 1-bear you no ill-feeli'ne." .You were unhappy in your own marriage, and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you been the true friend I believed you to be, you would have overcome, this unworthy feeling, and, at any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating part which 1, when almost out of tny senses, begged .of you to accept. Yes. you should have refused; that is what a true friend I would have done. a nd you'did .not- do it. It ! appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor 'things,. and that in your love of the romantic you. desired to find them guilty. - , I must stop, for I might say too much;if I continued. .. IDA. ? {Extract jromiht PrivtSt Journal of GBACK RUSSELL.] ' To day I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter, from Ida Seymour. Behold me now at variance with her for ever . and T worked for her so c6n scientiously and so loyally. I, who played. a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have remembered the old- Italian proverb, " Fra moglie e Unarilo nan nulltre il dilo. [Eoctract from the Private Journal of Ida" : . - SEYMOUR ] Has George told me the truth concerning the projected marriage of a-certain ladv ? fee that as it may, I did right to believe it. i Well, when he is by my side, speaking to me with that soft, rich voice of his, lookiqjr at me -with those eyes I so dearly love, all ?my anger dies,'and i am all.-his. As to Grace-I have, in reality, nothing to Reproach herewith. Nevertheless, I .wro^s-, her such a letter! . : " . It was her own fault ^ she should never! : have believed that George was unfaithful, to me.- Vanity Fair. , ' A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. I HOLD it to be a truth constantly self evident that *very- man will defend . a woman sgaiRSt~-a.il men hut- himself, dap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, sr.tJ two phenomena will beconie obvious. Firstly, theie ? will be a large amount of open -and covert staring at her, to sll of which ber obliviousness . is, of; course, only assumed. Secondly, if one i of the starers happens to realise that; others sre ,<*V- the . same- game. he. will, manifest plainly hi? disgust at such treat.-, ment iof unprotected beauty. wtteriy ,iguor» ing 'his own offence. A husband and wife got into a street- car. The man was some I what dandified in dress The woman was \- under 20. and as pretty a« nature; . and art are in - the .'habit- of combining to -produce. " They were chatting on the »'e:v subject that I have here introduced." L i ; \\* Pjercival,, dear," .said she. "1 will prove to you "-that I am light..ano take only ten minutes to do it. i; Tu;!! *.i otn.se -not to gee ?anjrri- about- it." He closed the C0:i; ^she drew herself up, as tliou^i: i.iif. ii>i>'oaud sitlicj; beside .ber was ar. t:iu:r granger, and waited for the car to fill with (j.-is^ngeus. . I " Now," she whispered behind her fan, j " observe how 1,am o«;j.ed when alone." j ? Within !five minuter; he; ?fl.w tbat half-a dozen masculine passengers, from hoary age to callow youth, eyed his bride with more or less audacity, and severa; manifestly would not have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then and there. That.part of the exhibition was ' a triumph for the wife, butthe most curious : 1 featnre of her experiment remained to be; ? tried. . i " You certainly do seem to attract a goofl-f deal of admiration," said the husband, sup- , posing that the pretended strangeness wae at an end. She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as though an impertinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned her face away from him. He understood her now, and did not speak to her further.' Next, she drew her shoulder away from cour-act with his- By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying , her dreadfully, and scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo site side. , " Will you exchange seats with me ?' | he very gallantly and politely said, lifting ; his hat most,deferentially. Now, he had been formest among the . original oglers-the veriest- simpleton of them all. " Thank you, sir," she answered, " but I prefer to sit beside my husband." Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture bird and the dove mate whom she had undertaken to instruct AS to -the philosophy of male gallantry. ALL GONE. . He talked about divinity, and pondered oft > infinity, And spoke of base humanity as anitaalculae, ' He studied up astronomy, the science pf autonomy, And wondered if insanity was common to the flea. ' He plunged into zootomy and wandered i through phlebotomy, ' And read for weeksoh history from Adam down to date. He lectured oh tlieogony, and dwelt upon < cosmogony. !. And -romided deep the mystery attending i human fate. . He showed extreme anxiety for late and j early piety, j And-"poke with great felicity of higher I states than this. ' He lectured quite dramatically to show how systematically The force of electricity was ccntred in a kiss. Eut while with such intensity he spouted on immensity, Elis wile with sweet devexite was cutting quite a dash ; And with such ingenuity she monkeyed his annuity, ' Ile'd found to his perplexity she' dressed away his cash. " The man I wed must be handsome, brave and noble ; he must have no bad habits, ,and must love me devotedly." .' But, my dear, that is impossible, 'you know, qui e impossible." " Why?" " There is only one such man in all the i wide woi'lU, and he is going to marry me." 