? THE TURF. It is rather early to write with anything like a prophetic spirit on the Anniversary Meeting. Speculation may be rife enough, but in the absence of any hint as to what Towton's stable intend doing, there is little chance of doubt assuming the role of certainty. The handicaps are eminently in favour of our most successful trainer, and we should not be surprised to see all the events but one being placed to th« credit of Messrs. Towton and Hassell. The Hurdle Race, barring Gladness, is a moral for Strike. We fancy the mare immensely, as on the flat the horse would not be in it with her, and that she cau jump has been abundantly proved. Her handicap will not stop her if her owner can only get a jockey to stick to his mount, and this is the wherefore of our not going a real plunger in her favour. The latter drawback is not confined to the one stable, but is keenly felt all round, and hurdle racing as exhibiting the prowess of jumping horse-flesh, will be a dead letter in this colony till jockeys are to be had who can not alone sit. in the neighbourhood of their saddles, but also ride their auimals. Coondie has seen her best race, though she will probably finish in the first flight. Sarsfield is the only other competitor who has a ghost of a show, and although he is doing some fast work at present, he will hardly see the winning post. The race will lie between Gladness and Strike. * * # * In the Auuivcrsary Handicap the same difficulty we experienced at the New Year's Meeting presents itself. Willie has proved himself a veritable demon for any distance and with any weight, but there is something about the Duke's running which puzzles, as his performance in the Cup and Railway leave a decision as to his merit utterly impossible. In the one he was nowhere, in the other he beat Byron. Plaudit has been scratched, likewise Crash, so the really dangerous animal to Towton's chance is Somnolence. Byron may beat the latter, but neither one or the other will push the popular trainer's choice. While Swordfish aud Sissie are out of it in such company, and we may say the same of Hamptou. The Turf Club Handicap is the other eveut of the day. In this Plaudit aud Crash again disappear, in company with Tristan and others of much lesser light and leading. The Duke's name is also omitted, aud we have Willie heading the list with list. As Somnolence will be sent for the Anniversary, it is not likely she will face the starter's llag, Mt. Zeelian doing duty for the stable. With a difference of 4st Jibs, the latter, if it gels away, ought to beat old Willie. We should not surprised to see her followed home by Pilgrim, as the Carbine of the turf shall have been pretty well plaved out in his effort to win the other big event. 