MY FIRST AND LAST APPEAR ANCE. My first appearance-and I'll take. particular care it shall be my last--was made in the very small theatre of a very dirty town in what is appropriately called "the Black Country~. It was in a poor, and unfortunate: company, -where the "ghost ".seldom walked. It crawled in a feeble kind of way now and, then, but visits to the treasury were generally. so much wasted time. The manager had tried tragedy, but, as the murders were not committed either with heavy-nailed boots or pokers, the people of that region felt no touch of sympathy. He had tried mnelodrama, but the sentiments of the virtuous rustic and the valour of the Bri tish sailor aroused no emotions whatever in their breasts. Finally he secured an "infant -phenomenon," and got me to -s te t an ' opportunity of appearing in several different characters. It was while I was superintending the production of this piece that I made my first appearance. I got down on the day of the first performance, just in time for rehearsal. To my horror I found that, with the exception of the phenomenon herself-a poor little child with a thin weazen face, which might have belonged to anybody between the ages of seven. and seventy-nobody knew a word of the parts. I expressed my concern, but the low comedian' of the company came to me and said--" It's all right, my boy. We'll wing it for you." I did not then know what "winging" might be, but the promise was given in such a tone that I felt it could not but be to my advantage, whatever it was. So I was reassured. When night came, however, I found that the low comedian had been devoting the afternoon to drowning care, and that the liquor used in the operation had got into his legs. "Let's see,", he said, com ing off the stage and turning over the manuscript, "what do I go on and do next ?" I particularly prided myself on the brilliancy of my dialogue, and you will observe that there was no inquiry con cerning whathe was to say. I knew what "winging" was now. But worse remains behind. The leaves of the manuscript. had got out of their regular order, and the conse quence was that they played the last part of the piece first, the first part last, and they left out the middle altogether. I verily believe there was only one line of my dialogue spoken, and I know that that line was a most unfortunate one. When, in the piece, an old gentleman was getting puzzled over the conistant . "changes" of the phenomenon ,he had - vwas ,,unittsatesy, sp en. ence was not so dull that they could n~5o see the application, and a loud ",Hooray !" which' cane froth one man in the pit caused me to tear my hair. I retuned to my hotel in no very plea sant frame of mind, and went to bed at once. Shortly after daylight I became aware, that somebody else was in the room. Iin the din, light I presently made out the form of the low comedian. " What do you want?" I inquired, seizing the pil low with the intention of hurling it at him. He made no reply for a minute or two. He appeared to be engaged in mortal combat with an imaginary foe, and was striking out furiously with both arms. Then he stopped, as if not certain whether he had been mistaken in what he appeared to see, and seemed to be plucking cobwebs from his eyes. "What do you mean by keeping those things ?" he asked, still continuing the plucking operation. " What things ?" I inquired in turn. "Why, those th;ngs," he. repeated, pointing to the middle of the room. " Can't you see 'em ?" "No," I said crossly, "there's nothing there." "Eh i 01Oh, well,, you know best, of course. They looked like, snakes. "Can you lend us two-pence?"' I was only too glad to get' rid of him'at the price, so I gave himti the twopence, and he departed. He had not gone a minute before the door opened again and 'somebody else came in. I, was thoroughly cross now, and seized the pillow again with the full intention ofhisrling it this time. It was the manager of the company. "I see Jenks has been here," be began. "'Yes," I. said :" he has. He's been going on in a most absurd fashion." " Ah "n he replied, "the old'complaint- moves"the elbow too much. He's' a a dreadful fellow-been in a booth nearly all his life. Biut I came to ask a favour. Wilkins has bolted." "Well !"I demanded, "what's that to me .' "Nothing to you, my dear sir, but 'everything to me. We've put up 'Lady Maudlin's Secret' tor the bespeak to night-four-and- tweuty seats taken in the boxes-and we can't play it." " I'm sorry for you," I said, but I can't help you." "Yes, you can," he put in eagerly; "you can play the part." "Nonsense! I've never appeared in my Fe." "That doesn't matter. It's a small part;you can be letter-perfect in half an hour. I can't change the piece, or I wouldn't ask you." I consented, glad enough to get rid of himn and get to sleep again. I got up early, worked hard at the part all day, and thought I was all right. But I wasn't. In the piece, Lady Maudlin had to push me down a well after I had gone through a tolerably long scene with her. I stepped on the stage confidently, but the blaze of light dazzled me, and beyond the footlights I saw a dark space in which, as it seemed to me, countless faces were floating about. Lady Maudlin, however, did not find them countless; she had evidently esti mated the number, and she whispered to me as I went on, "Four pounds in the gallery." I tried to spear, out my parr had com pletely gone out of my head. It would have all come back to me in a minute or two, but the prompter confused me by shouting furiously in my ear, "Get to the well," dancing about meanwhile in evi dent excitement. I got.to the well. "The well," he shouted again still more excitedly, "where she pitches you in !" So far as I knew, this was the well she was to "pitch me in." At all events I could see no other: There was a long pause. I felt it incumbent upon me to say something, so I shouted" Ha ! miser able woman: What would you do ?" (She had not been attempting to do any thing up to this time.) Lady Maudlin seemed frightened and gave way. I followed. As nothing better suggested itself to me, I seized her furi ously bythe wristand draged her abou she~called me unicomplimentary names sotto voce. "Ha !" she cried, "I. am faint. Get me some water from yonder well." I leant over the well to get the water, according to the stage-directions, and she, also according to stage-directions, came behind:me, struck me on the head with the handle of the windlass, and knocked mein: But I could find no war rant in the stage-directions for the savage manner in which site did it. I had a bump there for weeks. Neither could I. find any hint in the stage directions that it was necessary for me to fall a distance of eight feet on to some not particularly soft bricks. That is what I did, though. I bruised both my elbows and both my knees, and I felt certain in my own mind that if I had had any more elbows and knees I should certainly have bruised them too. I should think I lay there for over an hour, and nobody took the slightest notice of me. Then I got up, shook myself, felt my bruises over, and went out to a chemist's. As I got out of the stage door I saw the burly figures of two colliers against the dark corner of the wall. "What's thou waiting for?" asked one man of the other. I could see that the other had a half-brick in his hand, and I waited for his reply with some interest. "I'm wait ing," he said in a low hoarse voice, and with a fixed determination in his tone "I'm waiting for yon chap that played that part where he went down th' well." I took one glance at the half-brick and fled. I did not go back to finish my part, and, indeed, I don't know whether the play was ever finished at all, for I took the first train back to town. This is the only appearance on the. stage I have ever made.-J. if'. Jones in - the Era Almanack. 