NOTES ON A RESIDENCE IN PROVINCE WELLESLEY. .. THE CUSTOMS OF THE MALAYS. [By W.H.] I have had the pleasure of residing in Province Wellesley for the space of fifteen months, and I need hardly say how interested I was in the people amongst whom I lived. Province Wellesley is one of the English settlements in the Malay Peninsula ; it is a strip of land extending along the sea coast for about forty miles, and its average breadth eight or nine miles. It is in a high state of cultivation. It posseses many large and flourishing sugar estates, cocoanut plantations and spice groves. It is rich in fruit trees, and here and there are lovely bit of tropical scenery in all its magnificence, ft abounds in rivers and hills. The rivers are navigable for many miles up, while many of the hills are devoted to the growth of nutmegs. The population consists of Malays, Chinamen and Tamils, numbering altogether nearly two hundred thousand. There are some very large villages, or rather small towns, and it is rarely that business is not brisk in the bazaar A great deal could be written on the place and its people, and scenery, but for the present these notes will be confined to the Malay, his religion, his customs, and so on. They are by no means exhaustive, but I hope they may prove, at least, interesting. The Malay is not a " black man " as some wrongly suppose. He is slightly darker brownish, with coarse black hair. He possesses good and regular features, though from a physiognomist point of view the forehead and nose may be excepted, the fore- head being very often too narrow, and the nose too broad. I have very frequently seen exceedingly handsome Malay men, with broad open foreheads, and otherwise finely chiselled features. He is not very tall, his height averaging about 5ft. 6in. He is rather unapproachable, severe and stern in his bearing, quiet, and a man of few words at the same time courteous and gentle mannered. He is by no means a " savage " or uncivilised, though so often described in this manner. He is conservative and unpro- gressive the effect of his faith indolent and fond of repose and quiet. He does not, at the first sight, strike one as being particularly religious and devout. You rarely see him praying in the roads or fields, and he is far in the back ground, as compared with his fellow religionists, the Arab, in this matter, who is most punctilious in performing his devotions, no matter when and where. To see a body of Malays worshipping in the mosque is a striking sight to a new comer to the East. If the Malay does not make a parade of his religion outside in the highways, he certainly is a devout worshipper inside his mosque. There was a mosque close to my house. On first coming to Province Wellesley I went to it in order to witness Mahommedan worship. I could see what was going on in side the building from the windows. I was very much impressed, and I came away convinced that the Malay professors of Islam were devout worshippers and believers in their, conception of the one God. The Malays are not bigoted Mohammedans, but, nevertheless, they believe thoroughly in their religion, and any amount of efforts put forth by missionaries to convert them are futile. The Roman Catholic padres (generally such successful proselytisers) are a incapable of making converts from amongst them, as the Protestant Ministers, in fact, Roman Catholicism is regarded with contempt by the well-informed Malay, who considers its worship idolatrous and sensuous. In the Malay mosque no images are to be found, no gaudy decorations, no grand functions are ever performed, no priests officiate in many coloured and silken garment?, and no choirs chant or sing. On the other hand, the place is very plain, with a few lamps suspended from the roof the worship is simple and common to all, priest and people. I am not surprised, after what I have seen and known, at the Mohammedan religion appealing very strongly to the minds of the poor and un- learned Malay or East Indian, its creed being short and simple, and so easily grasped. The Malays, like other Mohammedans, are fatalists Whatever happens is according to the will of God, " Do not trouble too much about your worldly concerns and prospects, for God rules over all, and orders everything as He WHITE." These are sentiments which are at all times impressed on the Malay"s mind, as you would find if you conversed with him as a friend and sympathiser. in Province Wellesley there are about a score of mosques, but not one that I saw had on it the appearance of age or antiquity. I cannot but think that in the days gone by the Malays, too poor to have stone buildings in which to worship, were content with mosques made of wood and" attap, which of course have perished. There is very little decoration about a Malay mosque, occasionally you find the pillars nicely carved in Arabesque pattern, but that rarely. The floor is covered with matting. At the entrance is a jar of water. Before entering his masque, the worshipper pour water over his feet. In front of the entrance there is an atlas shed, which serves as a resting place during the day, and which answers somewhat to the perch of a country church in England. Under this shed there is a drum-like arrangement, which announces the hours of prayer. This drum or gong is rudely made of wood and goat skin, and when beaten gives out a booming sound. In the holy month of Ramazan, great enthusiasm and earnestness is manifest amongst the people, and on all the nights of this month the mosques are thronged-the majority of worshippers at this time being boy?, who pray most shrilly and lustily. On a still night in this month you can hear the bursts of prayer a great distance off. The Malay observes this month with great devotion, and he adheres strictly to what is laid down in the Koran concerning its observation. When it is over there is great feasting and joy and making of presents, and it is amusing to see the population turning out in all their gay and picturesque clothing, which is bought new for the occasion. The fatted calf is killed in the shape of the huge water buffalo which is the Malay beast of burden, an ugly and ferocious brute, who loves to lie in mud and water, but as managed by his Malay master, is docile and obedient enough. The Malays are firm believers in the "supernatural." They imagine there are " jury " or " Hantus " (viz. ghosts), who are supposed to haunt trees and forests and after nightfall the more timid dare not venture far abroad from their camping or village. In fact there is a kind of " curfew law existing amongst these people. After the evening hour of prayer is sounded few venture abroad. The evening meal is partaken at about seven or eight, and shortly after quietness reigns in the villages. Very noticeable things about the Malays are their discretion of speech and their quietness of demeanour. They are not a much-talking race, and they evidently set up to the proverb " s lence is golden." For anyone to speak much, or argue, or declaim is a proof in their eyes that he or she is " jahat" or impudent. Indolence is a very common thing amongst them and they do not seem to understand a European taking long walks and drives when he has no direct business on hand. A Malay's exercise is work, and when not working, which is often the case, he reposed in indolent ease. But though indolent he is certainly not downright idle. He finds much to do at home, and the campaign are very often busy places-both women and men working pleasantly together. The Malays are a hospitable people. They certainly would not offer a European their ordinary food of rice with curry, because in their mind they would think that it was not good enough. They would, however, offer you a young cocoanut, and very refreshing one is, especially after a long and hot journey. A green cocoanut is sustaining as well as re- freshing. The water in it is a cool' and pleasant drink, and the soft jelly-like flesh attached to the shell, is excellent food. It would be quite possible for anyone to live on these things entirely, for a week or so, though they would call on the taste in time. In a country where the cocoanut palm grows, one need not take eatables and drinks, when going on a journey into the jungle, or to some place uninhabited by Europeans, the young cocoanut supplying both meat and drink. The Malays are exceedingly fond of betel nut which they chew along with the leaf of the scrub, a species of pepper plant. He first spreads a little chunam, or prepared lime, on the surface of the leaf-breaks up a few pieces of beef, and then pass the lot into his mouth, and contentedly cheers it. Some persons imagine that it is the betel nut which is the cause of the blackness of the teeth of Malays. This is done by the chunam which, when chewed along with hotel, causes the teeth to blacken, and makes the saliva, the lips, and the inside of the mouth, a most disgusting fiery red colour. The betel by itself would not produce these disagreeable results, which one so often sees in Malays-old toothless women with reddened mouths, and shivering this red looking staff down their chins ; or men with mouths and tongues as red as if their months had been scalded, or burnt with some corrosive. Such things as these strike a new arrival as being odious in the extreme ; and so they are. The first leaf is, I believe, a valuable medicine, and Europeans may eat it with benefit. I decline the hotel and chunam, but I do not at all dislike the earth. The Malays are excessive smokers. The cigarette is the form in which they consume the fragrant weed. Their favourite tobacco is "java" (Malay tomato java) which an Englishman would abominate. In making a cigarette they roll a very tiny piece of tobacco in a portion of palm leaf, and then smoke it. This palm leaf gives an exceedingly pleasant taste to the cigarette-and is, I am told, slightly narcotic. The women smoke too; and no man is more thoughtful and meditative than the Malay, as ha puffs away at his soothing cigarette. One good thing to be said of the Malays is that they never drink intoxicating liquors, as this is strictly for bidden by the Koran. Occasionally a Malay takes to opium smoking, but he does this is defiance of his religion and his religious guides. A Malay who smokes opium is a fearfully depraved and demoralised creature, much worse than the Chinaman who is addicted to this sickening habit. A Malay, if excited by opium, or if in some great trouble, may possibly run amuck (Malay amok, the k silent)' but this, happily, rarely occurs. The Malay word for mosques £3 names, called thus ' because of its violent attacks upon the bodies of our kind. To run amok is to make a violent onslaught on anybody or everybody running amok is the Malay form of suicide. A kind of frenzy seizes the man and he there- upon commences to kill and slaughter every- one about him until he himself is either killed or caught. Anyone is at liberty to stay his mad furious rush by shooting him or otherwise killing him. The Malays are very ingenious. They build remarkably cool , houses of wood and bamboo. The patterns on their lattice wall are very often cleverly and beautifully done- A good Malay house is quite equal to a European bungalow, if it does not excel it. Clean mats are spread on the floor, and one misses chairs and tables. Instead of sitting on chairs the Malay squats of the floor, and when you visit him at his house you must do the same. What every Malay likes to possess is a cloak, and especially those which make the cuckoo sound when they strike the hours. ^ Malay women have an unusually great amount of liberty, (considering that their faith is that of Islam), and are by no means kept closely confined to their houses and compounds. They are industrious and make up for the indolence of their husbands, brothers and sons. They prepare the rice, separating the husk from the grain which necessitates their using a heavy pestle. They carry the water, and are veritable women of burden. They sew and make up the clothes for their mankind They manufacture very tasty, though gaudy, bed hangings and they also make the famous at tap thatch which covers all houses alike in those parts. The younger Malay women are good looking and are generally the possessors of deep, fiery, passionate eyes. It is very noticeable though how soon the Malay woman withers and fails when she Senora 33 a mother. There is much affection amongst these people yet they are cruel; for instance, their delight in cock-fighting, and their want of sympathy or kindness for the lower animals. I was once much disgusted at a Malay servant who took the greatest delight in killing the pretty little lizards which ran on the roof and walls of my house. I tried, though without success, to impress upon him how wrong it was to kill these innocent little creatures. A marriage causes intense excitement. I was once driving in a hurry (a Prov. Wellesley covered carriage when we were met by a marriage procession. I should say there were several hundreds of people accompanying the bride and bridegroom to their home. At a wedding there is much joy and festivity,, and singing of native songs. As to funerals, when a corpse is being conveyed to the graveyard (Kabor) the mourners chant dirge like passages from the Koran. The grave yards are mournful looking places, each grave being marked with square wooden post, with a carved top, but without any name inscribed on it. The Frangipani flower is the emblem of death, and is much cultivated in these places. It possesses a very strong, though sweet odour, and I am said that if this odour is too much inhaled,, it will bring on bleeding of the nose. The Malay mand dress (full dress) consists of a vest, a coat, a pair of drawers or short trousers, and a sarong which he fastens round his waist with a belt. His head dress consists in ordinary cases of a white cap, very prettily embroidered. (in the case of a Hadji a white turban is worn in addition to the close fitting cap). Shoes and very often socks complete his costume. A Malay, nicely dressed, and with a clean white coat on, is a very decent looking individual. In their Karpongs they confine themselves to sarong and drawers only. The woman wear a longer strong than the men, which is secured above the breasts. They also wear a long coat (Malay: Kabya) which is fastened at the throat by a clasp, which is often of gold or silver. Over her head she places another sarong, which she uses as a veil and shade to her eyes. \ The Hadjis are those men and women, and of boys who have performed the Mecca pilgrim- / age. The Malay Had is are distinguished from the ordinary people, by their wearing a / long white garment reaching to the feet, and J a turban; while the females have white linen A wrapped about the head and neck somewhat S after the style of a nun or sister in the Roman Catholic Church, I always met with great courtesy whilst living amongst these people, occasionally receiving hospitality from them. The short time I was in Province Wellesley I made friends of some of them and had their respect and kind I regard. I am afraid that the younger generation are not walking in the footsteps of their fathers ; there is a disregard existing, so I found, for religion and its duties, and contact with town life, and association with East Indians and Chinamen is not, in many ways, to their advantages. / 