THE OTHER HAN'S WIFE. By. JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Attivr 0/ Beautiful Jim, D'mna Forget, Bootia' Baba, UtiUotu, ix. CHAPTEE TV-Cotdiruud. TUB FIGHTING FIFTEENTH. ?Not because yon have fallen among theires, I liope,' said the Colonel qniultlv; then went off in a fit of laughter in which Jack and Dorrington joined. \- Ii--t me see,' said the Colonel, when the; had recovered themselres a little; Lord Gawoigne is jonr guardian.' ' And ioj oncle, err,' Jock answered. ' Oh, real); I Then jour mother nag Ut*UJ V^UOUUVC 'jaotUlf.llt) Oil* ' And yonr father ?' \- Was Bishop of Blatitthampton.' 1 Yon dim't say so. Why, I once dined With him at the Palace — I rrmrmlxT him well. He was once headmaster of ? ' ' Ws, sir, b.9 was.' ' And a very 6ue fellow he was, Idp. I ?m Trrj glad to hare his eon amongst my officers. By-the-hyo, have yon got yoar horses down yet ?' ' No, nir, they come to-morrow/ Jack answered. \- Ah I yn- ; and how many ?' ' Thiw, sir. 'Three— I see. Well.wehiiven't much room ; l-nl — nr — Mr. Dorrington, yno might speak to Mr. Long about i(. He might find mom lor lheinf of course.' 1 I'll tell him what vou say, fir,' said Corrington, with grim lumotir, nnil Jack, remembering his little storj about the Boiler Rlieil, was seized with, a wild desire to go off into a fit of inngliing. Happily, the Colonel dismissed ihrm ihin, ami they were able to go out into the O|ipn sir aud laugh as mncli as they |.1pbsci1. ' Here's old Lung aiming,' said Dnr ringtnn as they walked liai-k arroBs the square. ' Long, thin it* the new subaltttD, Mr. Trevor.' The Qnnrtcrmsslfr pnt out his hand. ' Very (jlstl tu see yon.' . ? flow d'yon do f k»M Jack. ' Mr. Trevor has brought down three h orses ; at least th-y re coming to-morrow, Long,' snid Dorrii gton, getting straight to his suljat ; and tb &ili; Del says yon harp got to find room for thrm somewhere or other. ' L duu't know where,' said the Quarter master, Kith a blank lace. ' I think the Colonel thinks Brighton Barracks are elastic j don't know where three extra hones are going, unless 1 torn niy own horse* ont into the yard.' ? Well, you've got to-night to think abnnt it in, Long,' sou! Dorrington nooth inely. 'Anyway, that was what the Chief told me to tell you.' ? W«U, of contse— if the Colonel nays eo, it'll have to he done; tlmngh hnw, would puzzle the Pope himself,' the Quartermaster declared. ' Tlirrt'f always Ihe Boiler shed,' sug gested Dorrington slyly. 'Ah! yis, there is— and there's the Bietswom anil (he office,' cried the other viith a lond laugh. ? Bum old chap, Lone,' snid Dorrington as they walked on. ' He'll manage it somehow, and yon will probably have, to pay toll, eo to speak.' ?Oh, I shall get over thni,1 sulM Jack, good- natnredly. Well, after this Jack really got »n un commonly well. He was 'drawn' the first night that he slept in his own qnarlern, Itbicb were small ami poky «mi like the royal we expressed more th ? hen- was to express; and the second night they made hay in his rooms, and the V'ird they tried him by messrootn courUmartial for one or two trifling hlnnders he had made during thp day. Yel on the whole he got on re markably well mid was soon at home among his brother officers, sooner than be was in the stranee mazes of Brighton society, whose 250 clearly defined aud distinct cliqnes Boon make the nnwary one, wlio goes there feeling in love unii charity with all men, learn In tread like a weary pilgrim on unboiled peas. CHAPTER V. HKW QCAUTEBS. Time is a file that wears and makes no nobe. Fonr years had gone by. Jack Trevor Wl long ago become an established favourite in (he Fighting Fifteenth was hecu on soldiering, gay as a boy, though, on occasion he could and sometimes did blase up in a very pretty show of fiery wrath. The Pilleenth were quartered at Chert Bey Camp. Not a panicolarly lively spot, nor one in which a soldier in ever very veil pleased to find himself. However, in a soldier's life, place is altogether a ques tion of chance, Bnd on the whole the Fifteenth had not been very hardly nsed. From Brighton they hud gone to Leeds and from Leeds tu Norwich, where they were utterly spoilt ; and now they were ill camp at Cherlsey for two yearn, with the pleasant prospect of a long spell in Ireland when they should find themselves on the move again. . However, after the manner of soldiers, ?s they hid nearly two years in front of them which most perforce be spent in Cbertsey, the regiment on the whole settled iuelf down .and made the best of the pre sent withont more ado than a few groans at the mention of the fnlure. The inesB hat had been smartened as much as pos- 1 eihle, and all ihe windows were gay with hrigljt flowers. The little enclosure in -which tite lung hut stood had been planted thickly with tnll moon-daisies, red aora niums.an.l yellow calceolarias, while odd t osrntrs Were filled up wiih brave attempts ?'?-.'' .s^ rockeries in ihe deuces of which little f hardy ferns were flourishing sb cheerfnlly us if they were growing on a wild west conntry cliff instead of an arid and a duBty vamp. Well, well, (hey were conscientt oDBly watered twice and even thrice a day, and perhaps the little ferns knew no better; let as hope not. Anyway, certain it fs that the enclosure around the mess-hot at Chertsey was ablaze with bright-hoed flowers to gather which was to incur the severest penalty of the law, something very dreadful, 1 know not quite what, thnngh I Isncy it slopped but little short of death itself. Nor was the mess-hot the only gay spot in the camp; every hnt almost had its patch of turf, sometimes scarcely more tlun bu apology lor the genuine thimg, yet in most coses fostered by every artificial means within reach of camp-life; every window bad its little garden, and within the hnu, now that the first bustle of re moval was over, everyone was bnBy making (he best of the situation. In those of the married officers, the wives were most of them very bnsy — and let me tell you' that there is nothing at which a really smart army woman will stop when she is doinx np her quartern. There was much pngzting over a certain colntnn in the Queen, where in a (lister in arms for a long lime was wont to disconrsse learnedly ont of her own experience on cosy corners, upholstery, sainting, papering, and the like. Some were bnsy with needle and thread, others with hammer and nails, or paint aud brash, and in one of the nn tuorrM officers* hots, or I shnnld to be quite correct, say outside it, our friend Jack Trevor with half-a-dozen pots of enamel was excessively busy converting an exceedingly shabby collection of chairs and tables into what would be described in (be trade as 'a suite for a boudoir is ivory-white.' Jack himself was very hot and very much bedaubed with paint, and he had also got an ingenions way of pniting it on, which though entirely (satisfactory as to Ihe result, involved a great rieai more trouble hi the actnal proceFS'. This con sisted of putting it ou hot— Bnd let lue tell yon that to re-enamel any article of furniture ont in the open and keep the pnt of enamel hot the (chile is anything hut an eofy business. ' Hi, Todd— Todd,' Jatk called ont, having discovered that his paint was beginning to show signs of the brush — ' Todd, I say, I must hare some more hot walsr.' 1 Well, 'pon my soul,' said a voice be hind him, ' I don't know much about painting chairs nod tables, hat I never knew yon did 'em with bot water before.' ' Ah, is that yon, Monty. Gome in, old chap/ Jack answered. 'Come in — I'm very busy.' 1 So t see,' said the new comer, pushing the little gate open and strolling leisurely into the tiny enclosure. 'Are you too busy to come down to the town with me?' ?Monty — Monty — stop — don't sit on that chair — it's wet,' Jack yelled; then at the sight of the jump which Monty Carlton gave, he went off into a gay peal of langhler. ' Monty — Monty — is there another man in the world bnt yonreelf who would go near while paint in nis best uniform V 'Then why the devil,' asked Carlton, with imperturable placidity, 'do yon spread while paint about jns.1 where a fellow is likely to go ? By-the-bye, o)-t chop, are yrin tliinkinj of citing married ?' ?Man-Mi! No-why?' ' This UniM- like display,' with a ges Inre which included the old chairs un-l tables. ' Oh, they're not mine — they're, for Mrs Slrallon, i nor Mule thing. She can't nianugc them herself, and Strallon won't try. I say, Todd, Todd.1 ? Yin, sir,' said Todd, putting his head out of the door. 'More hot water,' said Jack — 'and bring Mr. Carlton a chair ont — the big one.1 ' lee, sir,' said Todd, disappearing again. ' I'll tell yon what it in, my friend,' re marked Carlton when he had got the chair and had comfortably settled himself there in—' you'd liave to look out.' ' Why V Jack asked, as he diligently slirreil the pot of paint with a hit of slick. ' Why 7 It'B clear enough — pretty woman — indifferent huFbiiiul — no money —friendly subaltern— old chairs and tables — new cout of paini — I sny look out.' ' What an ass yon are, Monty,' said Jack, beginning lo ply his urmlt again. 'Perhnps. Keep it in mind all the Bame,' answered llonty, with absolute good nntnre. 1 What I that you're an ass, old chap ? Oh I I needn't trouble to do that ? you'll not let me forget it,' with a gay longh. Monty laguged to. ' Yes, 1 know all that. It's a chestnut; but no matter. Jridl mind what I gay, that's all.1 ' All right, old chap, I will. All the Bonic, np to the present moment there's lieen no need of it. I'm surry for the little woman, for she's had hard lineB all Ihe time ; but she's a good little woman, and a loyal little woman, loo; ant) I should as uoun think of cntting my ihroet right away as of trying to presume on my acquaintance, or get the least little hit more familiar tliBn sh- chooses me lo be.' ' YeB, I know,1 said Carllon, taking his cigarette out of hid mouth; 'bnt I have noticed several times More that Tory pretty scandals haic arisen out of the mtldeat and most platonic intercourse with just that type or mild and good little downtrodden woman. However, it's no business of mine— only 1 have had it tin my mini) to give you a hint for some time, and now I have done it it is off my mind, and we need not day any more abont it.' It was perhaps the longest speech that Jack had ever hranl from Carllon, who vas a man or remarkably few words. Be langhed a little «t the lectnre, and put ont a rather paid daulied band to his comrade. ?Old chap,' he said, 'it is awfully good vf yon to tell me if you see anything which makes you think I am going into danger; but I assure yon in this case there is no danger. I like Mrs. tilratlon immensely — immensely, she is one of the best little women I ever knew, bnt I am not even a little hit in luve with her, and if I were it wonld not be any good for she simply adores tjtralton — worships the very ground he walks on.' ?Good God 1' ejaculated Carlton pionsly. ' Yes, 1 know — bnt it is true all the same. And Stratton don't care a brass button for her — not a brass button.' ' H'm I' murmued Carlton thonghtlnlly. Then, alter a moment's silence, he con tinned in u different tone : 'By-lbe-brp, yon have heard, of course, that Lawrence has arranged his exchange ?' \- The Major 1 No— I nerer believed lie meant it. Who is it with ?' 1 A Mnjor Dennis, of the 24th Lancers. ' Ah .'—Jo yon know anything about him V ' Not a thing.' ' What does the Colonel say 1' ' Very little, for he kuows very little ; he has never met him. Bnt he said just now I have heard of him as a very smart soldier, so I suppose it is all right. ' Ah !' and Jack went on with his painting and finished off the leg of a chair, which he then very carefully set aside lo dry. ' I wonder who he belongs to sod where he conies from ?' 1 Something to do with — with — oh I I forget,' answered Carlton carelessly. He sat watching Jack till he had finished the last article of fnruiinre. ' Ton have done now, have you not?' he asked, sitting np, with 6ome show of eagerness. ' Only the first coat,' answered ,Tack. ' What I Are you going to do them all over again ?' ' Why, yes ; of course, I am,1 Jack re plied. ' Did yon ever see a table with one coat of paiu that looked decent ? « How should I know ? A table might have a hundred and fifty coats of paint on it before I sbonld be any the wiser. Bnt, look here, old chap, can't you drop it now, and come out with me ? T hey cannot be dry enough to go over again yet. 'What, as I amf, asked Jack, wiih mnch gravity. 'No, not as yon arc. Get yonrself cleaned if yon can — and come along. 1 want yon to see a plate down there. ' Oh, all right. ' Well, yon go and get ont of your togB, and I will be ready in a jiffy,' said Jack, having carefully cleaned his brashes. tie disappeared into his hut, and Todd presently came ont and cleared the paints and brushes away. 'Ain't snch s bad hand at it,' he chuckled to himself, as he examined his maslet's work. ' I expect if be knew I'd been in this 'ere very line he'd start me on painting for the 'ole blessed barracks I Aye, bnt Joseph Todd ain't such a ass as to let on what'il get hisself a mint of work withont a blessed penny to show for it. No, Joseph Todd ain't quite such a ass as that.' In lest, than 10 minntes Jack Trevor came ont of the hnt looking an apic and span in his light, summer clothes, as if he had never heard of snch things as old chairs and tables in all his life. He vent across to Carbon's lint and knocked on the door with the handle of his walking stick. ' Ready, old chap ?' he shouted. . Carlton opened the door. ' 1 was jnst coming over to yon,' he said ; ami then the two officers turned and went away together in the direction of ihn town. They had got ahont half way there when Carlton suddenly uttered an exclamation — ' It was Frothingham,' he said in a lone of relief. ' What was Froth:ngh«m ?' asked Jack a little puzzled to know his meaning. ' Well, it was Lord Frolhingham, that the new Major is connected with,' replied Carltnn. I hare iiecu trying to think oi the naoe ever since. I lancy he was next to the title at one time, and that old Frothingham married when he was about a hundred Bnd had several children. ' Hard lines for the Major,' said Jack; then walked in silence, trying to piece to gether certain recollections which wire hovering in his brain — ' Dennis — Froth- inghani— next lo the title— Why, 1 have it !' he cried aloud ; ' he was the man who married Elbe! Moriiann!. ' And who was ttliel Mordsnnt ?' Carl ton axked. ' She was the greatest pal I had when I was a boy ; her people's place was next to the Palace at Ulankhampton, where 1 was born, yon know. Jly Jove, wlmt a jolly little sonl she was. Carlton looked aside at him. ' First love?' he aBked, with a comniical expres sion in eyes and month. Jack laughed. ' Well, perhaps.' ' H'm I' with a die.gns.ted tone. Jack langbod yet more. ' Oh, nothing of that kind— I hare not seen her for— for — oh 1 for over twelve years. She was a child in short frocks when I remember her. She has been married for years. * She is yonnger than yon ? ' Oh, yeB, several years. ' Then she cannot have been married so many yearo, old cliBp. 1, suppose you will spend all yonr time there. ' Yon forgot ; her husband will perhaps break my head if I try that on. .'It » derootlr to be hoped he will,' said Csrlton, who was never no happy as when with Jack, and greatly ren-nteri his being such a favourite as he was with all the married women with whom he was brought into contact CHAPTER VI, OLD rBlENUS. O, for yeatardayt to com*. In due time Major Lawrence bade fare well to Ihe Fighting Fifteenth departed with the anna) honours, and in due time also Major Dennis appeared opon the scene. The first impression he made was a dis tinrtly unfavourable one ; he was big and loud-voiced with a hard, wealherbealm face, and an unmistakably cruel month. The first day he showed in barracks, or I shonld say in the messroom, 'the Colonel bmnght him in jnst before lnnoh and in troduced him to all the officers assembled there. Montj Carlton opened his eyes a little more than nsnal, remembering that Jack Trevor had spoken of this man's w ife as a girl, a pretty girl. Jack was not in the room at the time, bnt he came in after a few minntes, and dipped into his place beside Carlton. ' Who is that ?' he asked in an undertone. ' New Major/ replied Carlton. Jack's eyebrows went op and the cornnre of his month went down. That Ethel Mordaunt's hnshand— thatcoarse-moulhed hard-faced, loud- voiced brute. Now he understood Ihe old nurse's reticence, now he knew the meaning of the severe lines about her month ; that Ethel's husband ! It was incredible to him, incredible. ' By Jove,' his thoughts ran, ' how she mnst hate altered after I left Blankhamp ton. I suppose ahe has grown the very counterpart of her mother by tins lime.' ' What d'yon think of him ?' murmured Carlton in his ear at that moment. 'I don't think anything at all,' answered Jack a shade sharply ; ? the ontside of a man makes very little difference one way or ihe other ;' and then he went on wondering how in the world a marriage could by any possibility have come about or even been drought about between such a man as Major Dennis and his old friend and fir*t love, Ethel Mordannt. Itn-iediuieW afier inner, ho went round and a-ked the Colonel to introduce him to Major Dennis. « I believe, air,' he Raid in his plwi-ant voice, ' that I have the plea sure of knowing Mrs. Dennis.1 ' Indeed,' returned the Major, wilhont in nny way helping him. 1 If she was Miss Mbnlanntof the Cliffe Blankhampion,' Jiick went on. ' Yes, my »ife was Miss Mordannt,' said the Mnjor. ' My fotber mis the Bishop of Blank hampion,' said Jack ; ' and the Cliffe is next lo tht; Palace. Miss Mordannt and 1 were children tnsether,8n-i great friends.1 ? Ah ! really— first love, 1 suppose, anil all that,' said the Major, with a harsh laugh. Thu Colonel looked surprised and not a little disgusted ; Jack drew his head np rather stiffly, anif answered in scarcely such a pleasant voice as he had spoken in before. ' I have not seen her for over twelve years, sir. I cannot even say i'she remembers me.' _ As the Colonel maintained a dead silence and Jack had not so mnch as the ghost of a smile on his face, it muBt have occurred lo Major Dinuis that he hail said something which wonld have been better left unsiiM. At all events, he hurst into a somewhat unmirlhfu! laugh and patted Jack lightly on the shoulder. ' Ah ! well, joking apart, I daresay Mrs. Dennis will remember yoa well enough. Come down to the hotel ami nee her. . tshe hated leaving the old regiment, though slip didn't want lo go to India ; (ml she doesn't think much ot ChTtsey, from what she has sei n so far, and I fancy an old friend's face will be a perfect godsend to her.' Jack's face cleared instantly. ' Thank yon very mnch, sir. I should like to see Mrs. Dennis Again immensely. Will she be at home this afternoon ? ' Oh ! I should think so. I shall not be able to get back till after S, bnt you can look in when yon like, yon know. ' Thank yon very much, sir,' said Jack, gratefully. It happened to be a clear afternoon for him, and when he bod finished his cigarette Jack strolled into Carlton's hut. ? Monty,' be said, carelessly ; ? I am going down to call en Mrs. Dennis. Will you come t 'No,' said Carllon promptly; 'yon will get on very well without me. ' Oh t do not he rnsty, old chap ; conie along,' Jack nrged. 'Not to-day, my friend.1 ' Hut you will have to go some time or other. ' 1 daresay I shall.' ' Then why not do it now as well as to morrow or next week. 'Oh 1 I may not lie alive next week; then 1 shall get off it altogether. ' Monty, what an ass you are.' 'I know, I know. Bat I am not going to call on anyone to-day. go Jack, finding his friend inflexible, went and changed what he called bis 1 Ings,' and went off to the town to call hiB old lovp, Ethel. Yes, she was at home, the waiter said, fio Jack was taken npstairs, feeling quite nercons at the prospect of seeing her again. The waiter opened the door .of a room on the first floor and ushered him in with an announcement — ' Mr. Trevor.' Mrs. Dennis was sitting in a large, lounging chair with her back to the door and was reading a book. She rose when the man epoke and came to meet her visitor; then, all at once, she uttered a cry of joylnl surprise. ? Why, Jack 1 it ib you,' she exclaimed. She' held out both her hands in her joy at seeing him, «nd Jack took them and held them fast. ? Ethel — Ethel — how little altered yon are,' he cried. . - I shonld hate known yon anysrhore— anywhere. 'And why not, Jack?' she asked. ' What should change me ? 1 am jnst the name Ethel yon knew at home. ' Nay, you are grown op— and framed,1 he said, smiling at her. 'And what difference does that make?' Fhn demanded. I could not help it in ? ither catc. ' And I hope yon did nut want lo help either,' said he, trying not to show what he felt about her husband. 1 Oh ! well — trell,' «B-1 she gfire ? soft sigh. * I was so very young to be mar ried, Jack, and Major Dennis is so much older than I am, you know. You have Been him, of course. ' Oh 1 yes, be gave mo permission to coil. Mrs. Dennis began to laugh. l How funny it is for you to call ou mo I Oh 1 isn't il funny ? 1 Bnl why ? \- Well t Well, I cannot explain ilr but it is fanny all the Banw. Oil 1 Jack, what lovely times we used to have in the old days at home. Do you remember T ' How could I forget J' hi asked half tenderly. 'What a plucky little woman yon were then. I wonder if yon conld hook a bait now { 1 No, 1 am sure I could lot,1 with a shudder; 'but it was great fan all tho same. D.i you remember Crummies, Jack T 1 To be enre I do. What got him ? ' .frothing ; I have him gtUI,' she said. 1 What 1 is Crummies alivf still 7 He mnst be as old as the hills,' ciied Jack. ' Scarcely so old as that. Stay, I nil! fetch him. She went to another door thta that hy which he had emend, ind called to the dog; and then an exceedingly dignified bull dog came slowly into sight, and ap parently recognised bis mistress's visitor. 1 Why, he knows yon,' Ethel cried. ' And yet be cannot possibly remember yon — not after all these years, and he such a buby when you gave him to me. ' Ynn forgot. I saw him fouryetrs ago. ' Fonr years ago. When? Where? she asked. \- At the Cliffe, of course. Just before yon were married,' he replied. ' Just before I was married ! Bot how was it I never saw you 1 ' You were away. I only saw old nurse and Crummies. ' Oh I — I see.' Then after a moments pause, ' Nurse never told me thai you had been. ' I wonder why ?' said he, with sotue astonishment in his tones . Mrs. Dennis made a vague pestnre s» if to convey to him that she also wondered why she had never heard of the visit. Yet she knew well enough — well enough. She knew by an instinct which no woman ever mistakes exactly why nurse had not told her of the visitor who had found his way to the Cliffe during the absence of the family from home, Ethel knew well enough, although not a word had passed between them on the snbjpct, that her old nnrse had been all along perfectly aware that Bhe had had practically no choice in the matter of her marriage. Major Dennis had proposed lo her, and at the same time had told her that he had her mother's consent. He was rich, am) at that time stood next to the Frolhingham title, and Ethel, after her conventional education wonld no more have dared to refuse him than she would have dared to lump off the highest toner of Blankhampion Cathedral. She knew now that Nurse Sommers had held her peace only to be kind, only that the thoughts of her dear old playfellow Jack might not help to make the burden of her marriage vows harder to bear. Well, well, it was »ll over now, and here was her old friend Jack grown ont of all remembrance. And wlmt a fine fellow he was. Mrs. Dennis looked np at his goodly height at his good fair face, and felt ? well, like a. shrimp beside him. 1 Would yon have known me, Jack V she asked Bnddenly. Jock langhed ont aloud. ' Why, Ethel, of conrse I shonld have known yon — anywhere. Yon are not a bit altered except that you have grown up, you know.' ' Well, that is enough alteration in most people,' she said with a faint smile. (2b be continued.) 