OEEMAS EXTRACTS. [Translated and condensed from the " Australische Zeituncr "1 (BY .T. A. MARKERT.) The yearly mortality on earth can be esti mated at 33 million persons, giving 91,554 deaths per clay, 3,730 per hour, and 62 per minute. Every pulsation of the heart thus marks the demise of a human being. The average duration of life is 38 years. A quarter of the population of the globe dies before it has reached theseventh, half before the 17th year, Of 10,000 persona only one lives 100 years, of each 500 only one 90 years, and of 100 one 60 years. Married people live longer than bachelors and spins ters. Of 100 individuals 91 are married. The different callings exercise an influence on longevity. Of 250 persons reaching the ages of 70 years, 43 represent the clergy or politics, 40 agriculture, 33 the laboring class, 32 the mi litary service, 29 are lawyers or engineers, ,-ay professors, iJ4 physicians. , :, The newly-elected Lord Mayor of. London has studied at the University of Bonn, Ger many, where lie acquired doctor's degree. He is a Roman Catholic, and intellectually overtopping most of the city fathers. It ia more than 84 years since a reigning queen of Prussia presented her husband with ii daughter. , The Brisbane " Nord Australische Zei tung" gives particulars of the festivities in celebrating the golden wedding of the Grand Duke of Sachsen Weimar The new English ministry is more literary than any other which ever ruled the British Empire. Most of the members have written books, Gladstone so many that the mere cata logue occupies 22 pages in the British Museum. John Morley has made himself a great name »3 literateur, slid his works will very likely be read when he is already for gotten as politician. Sir George Trcvelyan has published books about his uncle Maciulay. The renown of Professor Bryce as author of " The Holy Roman Empire " and "American Politics" has reached far be yond the boundaries of England. Lord Rosebery's fume as author is younger. But his biography and critical appreciation of Pitt ha» met with a well deserved good re ception. bi».iT Lefevre has entered his namem the register of literature with a work on "Peel and O Cont.o] » an(j j-jie lexers published m 1863 in tho liam Harcourt under the '' nom piume " of "Hystoricus" on " Intern^.; onaj Right" are not yet forgotten. In the sau.> line are favorably to be mentioned- Lord Herschell, Acland, Minister of Public In struction; Mundella, Minister of Commerce; the Viceroy of Ireland, Lord Houghton, Herbert Gardner, Minister of Agriculture. " Stray verses" of Lord Houghton, dedi cated to Tennyson rise far beyond medio crity. The Pope has presented to the former Prussian ambassador at Rome, Herr von Schlozer, a golden snuff box containing the portrait of Leo XIII., accompanied by a flat tering letter. The Prussian judicial authorities have re ceived instructions to submit a list of female prisoners punished for small delinquencies, with a view of pardon being granted on ac count of the birth of a princess. The " 111. Staiits Zeituiig" nports that re cently the great Roman Catholic Indian Congress commenced at Sioux city, on the Missouri River. The opening ceremony was a scalp danco at sunrise by the Cherry Creek Indians, great banquet at noon, races and other amusements in the afternoon, camp fires and smoking the calumet <-f peace in the even ing. High mass and confirmation were very solemn. Peculiar was the sight when more than 2,000 warriors, who, 18 months ago, ap pe.ired in full war paint, were squatting down quietly listening to the speechos of their chiefs about the blessings of religion. A choir of Indian school girls sang patriotic songs in English. An inhabitant of Uralsk in Russian Central Asia, near Ural and Caspian Sea, has. invented fishbread. To prepare this food black fish of different kinds, as found in Russia's small rivers, are used. All from " Hecht"> (pike) to "Plotze" (roach) are salted, dried and afterwards ground to fine flour, containing rich nutriment, which keeps long without spoiling. As nourish ment this meal can be served like soup and broth, always to be cooked in boiling water; supplemented by " Gries" (groats) or cabbage it gains in savoriness. It is also used as fodder for cattle, like rye and oats, and mixed with chaff it is relished by horses, cattle and sheep. In " higher lutiludes of Norway cows and horses, in want of vege table diet, are fed on dried fish. A fearful epidemic is raging in Turkestan, Russian Asia, from the sea of Aral eastward to frontier of the Chinese Empire. It is called the black death, worse than Asiatic cholera and pest. In one day 1,303 victims died. There is no remedy. The "Berliner Borsen Courier" mentions that animals are sometimes inclined to drunkenness. Examples of two parrots, one called the Surinam Amazono, and the other a native of the Cape of Good Hope, both ex cellent talkers, are given. Ilerr JT. Basedow, in his 60th letter, de scribes a trip to the province of Wcstfalen, the land of red soil, hams, ijnd " Pumper nickel," coal pit shafts, and ironworks. Osnabruck's objects of interest are fully done justice to. The most important collection of ante mundane animals is to be found in the Museum of Brussels. It includes now the skeleton of a fossil shark 13 metres long; his jaw, filled, with large pointed teeth, is over two metres broad. The thorough re pair of the " Carcharodon megalodon" skele ton has cost 20 years labor. Rifle practice is carried on in North America against armed plated ships, the latter being manufactured of additional strength. The " Leipziger Illustrierte Zeitung"says: -In Chicago, the festivities for the conse cration of the World's Exhibition buildings commenced on the 22nd October, amidst the largest concourso of people America lias ever seen together on one spot. Several bishops assisted. " The vintage of Spain promises in nearly all provinces to be excellent in quality and quantity. American papers announce that Professor Garner, anxious to examine the languago of monkeys, takes a trip-to Africa, to coritinuu his studies commenced in tlie Zoological Gardens of, the United States. He will settle down in a primeval forest, occupy a large cage with iron bars, into which he will conduct electric f-t reams as protection against wild animals. He will then connect his cage by telephone with the highest cocoanut trees, in order to listen to the conversation of the ciuadrunerK The *' Kolnisehe V;>lk-zeitung " says ! The Columbus Exhibition at Genoa, was partly'destroyed by a hurricane producing immense waves rolling over the ships. ? Natural mineral water for the usa. of visi tors to the World's Exhibition will be con ducted in a pipe a distance of 100 miles, from ? tho Wankeslia, in Wisconsin, to Chicago. The "Kolnische Zeitung" gives an out line of the new Military Bi'l placed before the Reichstag. The average st'ength of the German Army in time of peace from 1st October, 1893, to 31st March 1899, is put down at 492,008 men, provided they serve two years. Russia and France are alluded to as having strong armies, and particulars aire supplied. The University Professor, Dr. flarnack, who during Prince Bismarck's chancellorship was called from Giessen to Berlin, has in answer to a question put to liim, declared that ho did not cnuntamong tho fundamental articles of the Christian faith tho words in the Apostolic creed : - " Conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the virgin Mary." This declaration produced a great commotion amongst the orthodox people. Tho " lvreuz Zeitung" attacked tho liberal professor and moat learned theologian of 'our time. A few public meetings called by some pastors protested against llarnaek's utterances. Tho ex-c>urt chaplain, Stocker, gave also hi.s opinion. Professor Virchow on bis recent appoint ment as Governor of the Berlin University, delivered sin interesting address on learn ing and investigation." Prince Bismarck, who is enjoying good health at Varzin, has been appointed in leritpr of Loth.ir Bucher's political legacy. The French (.iQvernment intends putting , tax on velocipedes, wjiicj) will bring in !?COQ,000 francs. It :n>penvs that- Spain is owing a cum of 0 millions as salaries in arrear to elementary ^achers, and an opinion is expressed tliRl iu money recently spent by that country in /Vbraling Columbus' discovery of America 1 $ild have been employed in paying part of Hebt. y .AHussia not only new fortresses aro 1,'thul old ones also fortif-Gd, A syndicate meeting at New Orleans has declared in favor of the construction of the Nicaragua Canal, because it would double the traffic, San Franscisco being.then 10,000 miles nearer to New York, and attracting business from .the Orient. The Duko of York will marry his cousin and bride of the deceased brother at the end of February, 1893, the year of mourning for the Duko of Clarence being then over. The Adelaide " Australische Zefrung" of the 14th inst. has a leading article on the official report on "Forstwesen" (manage ment, cultivation of forests) and the follow ing telegrams On account of the fall of silver prices the mines at Denver, Colorado, are being closed. The British Museum is in iiossesjion of the original document by which John Batman, on the Otli June, 1835, bought from the native chiefs of Victoria the place on which Melbourne stands now. Through the Government of the United States of Am erica adopting the eight hours'system, the costs oP public buildings in that country liavo risen 15 to 25 per cent. Tn Austria there are 94,000' unemployed. In Vienna mul other- large places at public meetings speeches, of an anarchistic character are de livered. ' The Centrum (the ultramontanes), the largest party in the Reichstag, will support the first readiug of the new Army Bill. .The congress of the United States has pro posed an additional sum for experiments in producing artificial rain in Texas. President Harrison has sent » message to Congrfess declaring that the country was en joying an unprecedented prosperity. Wuj^es were hever so high as at present, a fact which he attributes to the ruling proteotive system. The " Leipzig Illustrierte Zeitung" writes: -The Freemasons in London intend build ing a temple on f he spot where her Majesty's Theatre now stands. Expenses are estimated at six million marks. The German union for the prumotiun of aeronautics will build a giant balloon, similar to a house four stoieyshigh. Emperor Wil liam has contributed 50,000 marks towards it. 