THE IDENTITY. Seven mountains on whicb the woman sitteth. — Eev, xyii. 9. The Great City which reigneth over the kings of the earth. — Eev. xvii. 18. 'The Greiat Whore that sitteth upon manv waters. — Eev. xvii. 1. The waters where the Whore sitteth are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues. — Eev. xvii. 15. " In St. John's age there was One City, a Great City, built oh sdven' hills — Eome. The name of each of its Seven Hills is well known. In Stj John's time Eome was usually called " the Seven- hilled City." She was celebrated as such in an ahnualnational festival. And there is scarcely a Eomau poet of any note who has not spoken of Eome as a City seated on Seven Mountains. Virgil, Horace, Tibullus, Propertiua, Ovid, 8ilius,Ttalicu8, Statins, Martiali Claudian, Frudentius — in short, the unanimous voice of Boman poetry during mote than 'five hundred years, beginning ! with the age of St. John, proclaimed Eome as " the Seven- hilled City." On .the Imperial medals of that age, which are still preserved, we see Eome displayed as a Woman sitting on Seven Hills, as she is represented in the Apocalypse." St. John gives another criterion by which the Apocalyptic City is to be identified. The woman which thou sawest (he says) is that Great City, which reigneth over the kings Of the earth." Eeferring to the Latin poets of St. John's age, we find that the epithets commonly applied to Eome are the great, the mighty, the royal Eome, the Queen' of Nations, the Eternal City, the Mistress of:the World. . Ifi again, we ' contemplate the public feelings of the world as expressed on the coins of that period, we there see Eome as the Great City, deified, crowned with a mural diadem, holding' in her palm a winged figure of Victory, which bears in its band a globe, the symbol of Eome's conquests and universal sway. So strong, indeed, is the evidence of this identity that the divines of Papal Eome have not been able to resist it. It is enough to mention three most eminent among them — Cardinal Bellarmine, Cardinal Barouius, and the famous French bishop, Bossuet. "St. John in the Apocalypse," says Cardinal Bellarmine, " calls Eome u„byi.-.o, tor no otner cicy oesiaes nome reigned in his age over th'e kings of the earth, and it is well known that Eome was seated upon Seven Hills." "It is confessed by all," says Cardinal Baronius, " that Eome is signified in the Apocalypse by the name of Babylon." And the language of the celebrated prelate, Bossuet, in his exposition of the Book of Eevelation, is : " The features (in the Apocalypse) are so marked that it is easy to decipher Eome under the figure of Babylon." Such is the avowal of the most learned divines of Papal Eome. Here, then, we. see the question is brought into a narrow compass. The Babylon of the Apocalypse, it is allowed by Eomish at well as Protestant writers, is the City of Eome." . : ; fs ; i; u ; . The' wom'an . was arrayed: in: purple and scarlet.colour and "decked with gold; and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cupdn her, hand.'"-EeVi xvii; 4.' " The first public appearance of the Pope at Eome, on his election to the Pontificate, 'The; Pontiff-elect is coni ducted to 1;he Sacrarium, and divested of his ordinary attire, and is clad in the Papal robes.' The colour of these five different articles' of dress in which he is arrayed is scaflet.i ' Another vest is speci fied, and this: is covered with pearls. His mitre with gold 'and precious stones. Suchislthe attire in which the .Pope is arrayed; 'and in which he first appears to the world as Pope. The riches of her purple and silk and scarlet, and pearls and jewels, are still displayed in the splendid attire of her pontiff and his cardinals in their solemn conclaves. Cavalcades of horses and chariots, with gorgeous trappings, and long trains of religious processions, still move along her streets ; clouds of frankincense still float in her temples, which on high festivals are hung with tapestry and brocade and gay embroidery ; her precious vessels still glitter 'on ; her altars; her rich mer chandise of gold and silver is still piur- chased ; her dainty and goodly things are not yet departed from her. She still stits as a queen, aud glorifies herself, and says, I am no widow, and shall see no sorrow. She still claims the title of Divinityj and calls herself Eternal." : " And I saw the Woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." — Eev. xvii. 6; ' " It has been calculated that the Popes of Eome have directly or indirectly slain, on account of their mith fifty millions of martyrs." Space will nob permit us to give more than a few piarticulars, as follows As to the practice of this unchange able chnrch, there is not a state ment in the following quotation which history dOes not abundantly substantiate : — " As some luxurious emperors of Eome exhausted the whole art of ' pleasure, so that a reward was promised to any one who should invent a new one, so have Eomish periecatOrs exhausted all the art of pain, so that it will now be difficult to discover or invent a new kind of it, which they have not already practised upon those marked out for : heretics. They have been shot, stabbed, stoned, drowned, beheadedj hanged, drawn, quartered, impaled, burnt, or buried alive, roasted on spits, baked in ovens, thrown into furnacesj tumbled over precipices, cast, from the tops of towers, sunk in mire and- pits, starved with hunger and cold, hung on tenter hooks, suspended by the hair of the head; 'by the hands or feet, stuffed or blown up with gunpowder, ripped with swords and sickles, tied to the tails of horses, dragged over streets and sharp flints, broken on the wheel, beaten on anvils with hammers, blown with bellows,- bored with hot irons, torn pieemeal by red- hot pincers, slashed with knives, hacked with axes, hewed with chisels, planed with planes, pricked with forks, stuck from head to foot with pins, choked with water, lime, rags, urine, excrements, or mingled pieces of their own bodies crammed down their throats, shut up in caves and dungeons, tied to stakes, nailed to trees, tormented with lighted matches, scalding oil, burning pitch, melted lead, etc.: They have been flayed alive, had their flesh scalped and torn from their bones; they have been trampled danced upon, till their bowels have been forced out, their intestines have been tied to trees and pulled forth by degrees ; their heads twisted with cords till the blood, or even their eyes started out ; strings have been drawn through their noses, and they led ahout like swine, and butchered like sheep. To dig out eyes, tear off nails, cut off ears, lips, tongues, arms, breasts, etc., has been but ordinary sport with Eome's converters and holy butchers. Persons have been compelled to lay violent hands on their dearest rntjuas, to kiu or to cast into the Are their parents, husbands, wives, children, etc., or to look on whilst they have been' mOst cruelly and shamefully abused. Women and young maids have also suf fered such barbarities, accompauied with all the imaginable indignities, insults, shame, and pungent pangs, to which their sex could expose them. Tender babes have been whipped, starved, drowned, stabbed, and burnt to death, dashed against trees and stones, torn limb from limb, carried about on the point of spikes and spears, aud thrown to the dogs and swine." If such treatment as this, in flicted on successive generations of dis-; ciples of Christ, for centuries together, be not "wearing out the saints of the 'Most- High," what could be? History affords no parallel, for the Pagan persecutions were brief with comparison to the Papal.? The Inquisition -a name at; which's humanity has learned to ' shudderis ' a' long and supremely cruel and wicked his- tory compressed into one word. Institui' ted for the avowed purpose of suppress ing heresy, it was established in' every country which submitted to Papal authorily. . v/ j.iiV In Spain alone it has been' prOved by the carefiil statistical investigations ' of Llorente,' that between; the years ' 1481 and' 1808 over three hundred andfforty- one thousand persons wereyconde'mn'ed by this" Holy Office,''ybf whom 31;912 were burned: alive, lV,OJO'burnedHn:effigy,'and nearly 300,000 tortureffadd condemned to severe penances; ; ' ? T i Every Eoman -Oatholic: country in Europe, Asia and America had its Tn- quisition, and its consequent uuexplaiaed arrests, indefinitely long inipriaon'ments of innocent persons, its secret investiga tions, its horrible torture ehambers, and dreadful dungeons, its auto da fes,' or burnings of obstinate heretics, and' its thousand nameless cruelties andinjus'tices. Wen the French took Toledo;' 'and broke open the Inquisition prisoh' tKefe, we read : — " Graves seemed to open, 'and pale figures like ghosts issued from' duni- geOns which emitted a sepulchral odour. Bushy beards hanging down Over the breasts, and nails grown like birds' claws, disfigured the skeletons, who with labour ing bosOms inhaled, for the first time for a long series of years, the fresh air. Many of them were reduced to cripples, the head inclined forward, and the arms and hands hanging down, rigid and help- - I less ; they had been confined in dens so low they could not rise up in them: . . . . in spite of all the care of the surgeons, inany of: them expired the same day. The light of the sun made a par ticularly painful impression on the optic nerve. . . . On the following day General Lasa'le minutely inspected the place, attended by several officers of his staff. The number of machines for tor- ture . . . thrilled even men inured to the battle-field with horror; only one of these, unique in its kind for refined cruelty, seems deserving of m ire particu lar notice. " In a recess in a subterraneous vault, contiguous to the private hall for examina tions, stood a wooden figure, made by the hands of monks, and representing the Virgin Mary. A gilded glory encom passed her head, and in her right hand she held a banner. It struck us all, at first sight, as suspicious, that, notwith standing the silken robe, descending on each side in ample folds from her shoulders, she should wear a sort of cuirass. " On closer scrutiny, it appeared that the fore part of the body was stuck full of extremely sharp nails and small narrow knife-blades, with the points of both turned towards the spectator. The arms and hands were jointed; and machinery behind the partition set the figure in motion. One of the servants of the Inquisition was compelled, by com mand of the General, to work the machine, as he termed it. When the figure exten ded her arms, as though to press soma one most lovingly to her heart, the well- filled knapsack of a Polish grenadier was made to supply the place of a living victim. The statue hugged it closer and closer ; and when the attendant, agree ably to orders, made the figure unclasp her arms aud return to her former posi tion, the knapsack was perforated to the depth: of two or three inches, and re mained hanging on the points of the nails and knife-blades. To such an infernal purpose, and in a building erected in honour of the true faith, was the Madonna rendered subservient." But France was the scene of the greatest national crime which even the Papacy has ever instigated and approved, the massacre of St. Bartholomew's Day, plannad by the infamous Catherine de Medicis, and ordered by her weak and'- wretched son, Charles IX. The horrible story of this unparalleled atrocity is too well known to need recounting here. In Paris alone the blood of over ten thousand innocent Protestant citizens, deluged the streets, and for a whole week the shouts of "Kill, kill" re sounded on every hand. In Bouen from one to two thousand were slaughtered, and a similar number at Lyons; at Orleans five hundred. Every town and village - became a scene of carnage. Some writers compute that at least oue buudred- thousand persons fell in this terrible massacre ; others put the number lower. At the most moderate calculation' thirty to forty thousand Protestants perished' on account of: their' 'faith in that fatal :month of August; 1572.; AH the princes of Europe expressed their indignation at the fdub treachery, excepting the King of Spain' and :ibhe Pope. The former wrote to . congratulate Charles IX on the ' " triumph of the Church militant," which ; his' conduct had secured. The Pope, Gregory XIII., who was privy to the plot; 'Celebrated a Te Deura on hearing the news, ordered a jubilee and a solemn procession, which he accompanied himself, to thank' God for this glorious success ; he sent a nuncio to Paris to congratulate the king, had a medal struck in memory of the happy event, and a picture of the massacre, painted and hung in the Vatican. A scroll at the top contained a Latin inscription to the effect, "the Pontiff approves the murder of Coligny." Rome aided by Nominal Protestants. — A ooncart was anauuaced to take place on the 24th April in Mr. .MoDonald's new shop, Springwood, In aid of the fund to provide a new organ for the B.O. Oharch. We understand there wan a crowded house, mostly mtde up of wouk-kueed Pro testants, and above all the names of the per- formord actually inolnded Mr. Anderson, schoolmaater, and in the ohoir of tlui Oharch of England ; the Misses Smith, also in Oharch of Eogland choir ; Osptain Walker, whose brother is a churchwarden, and both count themselves strong Protestants. These were phief Botors in the programme ; whilst amongst others who attended as supposed strong Protestants we find Mrs. Melville, atstion-msster's wife ; t'wo Misses Palmer, and soma others. Again, the olargyman, who lannohes oat from the pnlpit in strong Inngutge against Popery, indirectly sapported it, having, or rather his wife having, enquired for two tickets. It is dlsgracefnl to as as Protestanta to actually assist and see the B.O. Ohnroh being erected and added to oontinnally, whilst anything for oar own benefit Is regularly howled -down, and the churches and clergy men all but starved. T be; Rev. Mr. Lraseron 'Wounded.— There was a terrible tnr- mdil oh the railway near Evclefgh station on Salmday. The Rev. D. Lnseron, of more road Mission Bobool Ohurcb, sitting in front of Mr. Walker, M.L. A., in a first-class carriage, was, suddenly, srd withcnt any altercation or cahse, shot by a revolver, which with five barrels loaded was afterwards tsken from Mr. Walker. There was an unusual ancoont of fighting and kicking before the prisoner conld be secured ; and on Monday he pleaded gnilty as drunk end disorderly. But Mr.- Laseron's wound is serious, and on the charge relating to that Mr. Walker was remanded nntil it shall be seen whether the wnnnd be fatal or not. Pet versions. — Three ladies, somr- what conspicuous in the theatrical world, have, according to telegraph, joined the Church of Rome, one of them being the wife of the editor of Trvih, The eame cable adds the aeserticn that many others of the eame set are about to follow the example. Now sucb reported perversions to Remanism ore part of the stock in trade of the papalini, and their f troth" is fentrally at fault. In all such reports we mnst enspcnd jndgment. The odds ore here decidedly ngainrt the aesertion. l<ies About Cliiniqtiy.— A cor- respondent telle ns there is a report circulated by e lew Roman Catholics in Gcrringong that Pastor Ghiniqy had joined the Church of Rome snd had taken all the moneji collected from Protestants with him, and built a train, ing college for priests. Two Romish ladies (both turn-coats (brongb marriage) visiting at the hotees of Protestants, boldly assert this. I have been atked by two Protestants in town if there were any truth in it. This is where your paper comes in serviceable to refute the lying statenienls of priest-ridden dupes. The mystery of iniquity is how over jealous. Seme nfao have been reared as nominal Protestants to the age of maturity, become perverts to Romanism ; and they go to any length in trying to mislead others. In many cases 1 believe it might be traced to the neglect of partnle, in keeping their chil dren in ignorance of the accnised system. Protestants without a protest, and in many oases too mean or careless to support any church, their families becomes easy prey to the aggressive claims of Remaniam. Pilot Actuowledgecl.— It ap pears that Mr. Walker, who has figured to discreditably in the Police Court, is not acknowledged by any religious or non- religions body. The Herald mentioned that be had helped Mr. Byrnes in bis Atheistic sfEorts and was connected with Atheistic .work in Sydney, hnt the Sydney Secular Association which claims to ho the only Atheistic body in the colony, repudiates the idea. That body, a very pnblic one we understand, will have no connection with Mr. Walker, refused the use of their room for a lecture by him at the time of the strike. It is really very difficult to ascertain whom the Secular AsBOciation does acknowledge. There has been very bad blood among them. Some of the most prominent men smong them have become Christians, and some of them are reaching the faith which they formerly ated; Some years ago that Socieiy boasted of its ability to overthrow the Christian faith ; and it was wonderful with what ahenrd weapons the attempt was made. We our- elvts were honcnrcd with a letter from the Secretary, who evidently had several limes forgotten to refer to his English dictionaiy for spelling, putting before us the dreadful fact that the Apostle Paul knew himself and acknowledged himself to he a SBorilegions robber, and therefore he conld not have been inspiied. There it war, and we could not gain say it. "I robbed other churches, taking wages of them to do you service." Then because he worked gratnitcnsly for a rich people, and were supported by others who were poor, and called that rohhing other ohniches to do them service, therefore he was a criminal robber. That was the Secretary of the Secular Aesociation, and by that kind of accusatioB Chrietisnity was to fall. By and by," Mr. Walker joined them; and now they lepndiate him. But there is a strange leaning towards men of Mr. Walker's class. After that miecondnct at Eveleigh, and in the rail way carriage when he is brought up by the police on Monday, charged with being drank and disorderly, it is reported that he was not rcqnired to stand among other prisoners similsrjy charged, but was allowed to sit at the Bolicitor's table. On what grounds was he to piiviliged ? Ho has always been forward and loud in his dcnnnciation of privilege, and in asserting the eqoslity of men. He has profested himself an ultra democrat. Why then- should be not be dealt with as other men ? Is it becanso certain tied ors of Nor- thnmberland chose to send bim to Parliament? To the portion of his accusaticn etatcd in the formula, " dinnk and disorderly," he pleaded gniltyi BO there js no cause pending abont that. The shootiug of Mr. Laseron may have heen an accident arising out of bis drunken ness, and it is a fearful thing that snob men are travelling in our railwaye with loaded revolvers, who at any moment may endanger the lives of reputable paesengers. Drunken ness cannot absolve anyone from the conse- qnences of his inebriety. If he cannot refrain he should not be free to go with deadly weapons among other people. We presume the defence will be, that he purchased a re volver which proved to he a had one, and that it-went ofE aocidentally j but even if that should be believed, what excuse is there for mm to carry it , while continuing to unnk and to lose control of himself and it? The position of Mr. Laseron is not at all so favourable as it was at first described. When CD Mondsy the attempt to extract the bullet was made, it was not reached, and the surgeon did not venture to search further, evidently believing that the patient was not able to bear it. He preferred "to let bim alone and to await further develcpments." Meanwhile the patient is suffering pain, and be is evidently not strong. The further de velopments reduce themselves to expected suppuration which may expel the lead. We are not surgeons, but we do not regard this expectation with SBUguine hope. Pasrment of M's.P.— Thefollowing extracts trom John Etuart Mill's "Repre- eentetive Government " refers to the payment of memhers of Parlioroer.t " No remunera tion which any one wonld think of attaching to the poet would attract to it those who are seriously engaged in other lucrative pro fessions with a prospect of succeeding in them. The businees of a member of Parlia ment wonld, therefore become an occupation in itself, carried on, like other profesBionB, with a view chiefly to its pecuniary returns, and under the demoralising influences of an occupation essentially precarious. It wonld become an object of desire to adventurers of a low class, and .658 pereons in posscssioD, with 10 or 20 times as many in expectsncy, wonld he incessantly bidding to attract or retain the suffrages of the electors, by promising all things, honest or dishonest, possible or impossible, and rivalling each otber in pandering to the meanest feelings snd most ignorant prejudioes of the vulgariBSt part of the crowd. The auction between Cleon and the BansBge.seller in Aristophanes is a fair caricature of what would be always going on. Such an institution would be a perpetual blister applied to the most peccant parts of humsu nature. It amounts to offering 658 prizes for the most snccessfnl flatterer, the most adroit misleader, of a body of his fellow-countrymen. Under no despotism has there been such an organised sj'stcm of tillage for raising n rioh crop of vioions courtiership." Crime in 1891. — The Government Statistician, Mr. Coghlan, has issued Part IV. of his " Btatislicol Register " for 1891 and previous years. This part deals with law and crime, and ia divided into three sections under the general headings of crime and offence, civil conrta and gaole. The total apprehen- siona for varions offences dnring 1891 is given as 44854. Of these 38,262 were males and 6592 were females. There were, however, 21,510 additional cases in which proceedings were tsken by police summons, in 1881 the total apprehensions amounted to 41,402, as compared with 44,854 last year. As to the religions of the persous arrested in 1881 the percentage to total apprehensions was Ohurch of England, 38 0, Roman Catholics, 47'4 ; Presbyterians, 8'1 ; and other 6 5 per cent. In 1891 the percentage was — Ohmch of England, 37 '8 ; Roman Oatliolics, 44'6 ; Presbyterian, 8 8 ; and others 8-8. The percentage of apprchrnsions to Ibo total population had hern gradually reduced from 54 in 1881 to 3-9 in 1891, and the percentage of ultimate convictions to total popnlation has dropped from 4 5 in 1881 to 3 3 last year. In the infeiior courts dnring 1891 there were 36,596 summary convictions, 6676 acquittals and discbarges, and 1582 committals during the year, while in the superior courts there were committals irrespective of year 1575, trials 1456, convictions 964, and473ncqnittBlB. Statistics Respectin; DrMntenneSS,— According to the Go vernment Btatisticiaii's returns, the number of apprebenaions for drunkenness during l88l was 21,958, resulting in 20,323 convictions. In 1881 the apprehensions amonnted to 22,495, and the convictions to 20,748. The percentage of total convictions to total population were last year 1-8, but ten years ago it nmounfed to 2'7. Of the apprehensions in 1891 18,477 were males, and 3598 females, the percentage of males arrested to total male population being in 1881 4-3, and In 1891 3'0, while the percentage of females nrrtstcd to total female popnlaticn was in 1881 1-3, but in 1891 it had decreased to 0-7. Tlie cottdition of tlie City Ttrliere tlie ""Wliore" Reigns —Compering the city of London witu the city of Rome, the late Dean Alford, in his Letters from Abroad — . A striking contrast this I . In London the prtporllon of foundlings to birlh is '4 per cent. ; in Rome it is 70 ; in England and Wales the murders annnslly perpetrated average fonrin each million of the popnlation, in the Papal States they are 113. . . Wit- heRses whose competence and honesty aro alike beyond suspicion combine to tell us that in both these respects Rome is unquestionably the worst city in the civilised world. The present moral and religious state of Rome is a foul blot on modern Chriftendom, and hardly to be paralleled even among the darkcBt paesages in the bislcry of our race. ... I know 1 em making strong asser tions, but the fnrts Ihemseives are ttrocger. — Letters from Abroad (sec- especially pp. 73, 74, 77, and 134). A Jesuit Liberal Leader in Canada.— Wherever the Jesuits have obtained power the result has been to create disturbances in the State, to effect the over throw of the Executive Government, and to threaten dismemberment of the Empire, These resnlts have been aptly illustrated under the ultramontane Government eelablished in Canada by M. Mercier, of which the recent overthrow has been so signal and so sudden — an overthrow which has crushed and shat tered the Liberal Organization of the Province. The Times of March 10, 1892, epitomises the character of M. Mercier — ' Starting a few years ago as a Liberal leader, opposed to olericaliem, demanding economy, and denouncing ofifioial influences, M. Mercier rapidly blossomed into:an yitramontano chief, and had doubled the net debt 'of the Proyince. The excitement cansed among the French Canadian Baptists by the trial and execution of Riel, the leader in the Red River rehelHon, gave M. Mercier an opportuhity of forming an alliance with the Papacy. He ejected the old French Canidian Conservative patty from office, obtained, with the help, of the (Popish) Bishops snd Priesthood, a large Parliamentary majority, and promptly came out as a full-blown clericsl with a policy of substantial boons for the clergy, including the reconstituted Jesuits, and of free expendi ture in other ways. He cultivated most sedulously both the ' National' aspirations and the sectarian prejudices of bis countrymen : he insisted that they should never forget that that they were French and Popish, and he had his reward when he visited Europe not long ago, was received as a potentate in Paris, and was made a Count by the Pope. All that was English and all that was Protestant in the Dominion, M. Mercier taught his co religionists of Lower Canada to look upon with snapicien, and thus his Nationalist policy tended to become, not only Particularist, but Separatist.'— Proffistanf News. Decree In ivrons: place.— Glas gow Univorsily has conferred the degree of LL.D. on the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Glasgow, who has lately celebrated his sacer- dctal jubilee. The leading newspaper in the West of Scotland on both these occasions took the opportunity of showing its sympathy with the Papist movement in Scotland by publish ing highly laudatory articles on Dr. Eyre, and commending his zeal for the advance of Romanism. The BomanistB, we may be snre, hold in the utmost contempt such inconeietent flattery ; and Protestants are ashamed of such treason to the cause of. Reformation. IJllllOly Priests.— On April 16 Jaime Alsina, a retired soldier, furiously attacked Father FranclBco Marti, who was officiating at the altar of a chapel at Anglcsoln, Lerida, Spain . The priest's bead was horribly gashed, and his bands cnt to pieces. In this country the priests are never attacked by the people except the men have reason to be jealous of undue attentions paid to their wives, sisters, and daughters, by the ' fathers.' On April 22, near Robatyn, East Galicia, Father Dzerowics was snddeuly assailed by two men, who, after inflicting severs injury, threw him into the river Bablinka. Father Nicholas Darnell died lately at Clif ton Wood Convent, Bristol. As priests are in the habit of visiting disorderly bouses, it can not occasion surprise when even the Universe mentions that one dies in those unholy pre cincts. — Protestant News, Tlie IriSll "Vote. — By the Franchise Act of 1884, faonsebold suffrage and £10 occupation and lodger franchise were extended to all conntics in the United Kingdom. The iffect of this may he seen in the following figures — Ireland, 1879— County Elootors 172,670 City and borongh electors.. 55,247 University eleotors........... 3,472 231,289, Ireland, 1891— County eleotors ' 643,672 , City and borough blectcrs.. '93,704 University electors.:........ 4 335 741,711 The Act of Union fixed the number of Irish members at 100. This was increased to 105 by the Heform Act of 1832, the represen- atiou being allotted thuE — ; Irish Counties 64 Iriab Cities and Boroughs . 39 Irish University 2 ' 105 By the Redistribution Bill of 1885 this'was altered to — ' I . m Irish Counties 85 Irish Boroughs.... 16 IrishUmversity...':..... ' 2 103 The Government has given no di-finite pledge oh the subject of revision, hnt Lord Salisbury has said that when the next qnes- tibn of the Franchise comes to be considered by Parliament a revision of the representation of Ireland will be necessary. It is hot improbable that the snbjeot of the illitorote voter will also be then discnsBed.— Left tlie E.C.IJ. — It seems that the j Bishop of Lincoln has left the English Church Union. There is a good deal of mystery abont this secession. No one inpposes that bis lordship has withdrawn bis heart from the Union, and, therefore, why be should withdraw his name is quite a puzzle to inost people. Perhaps he has done so by the friendly advice of the Archbishop of Canterbury. — Protestant Observer, Irisli Police wliere most 'Wanted — The counties in Ireland which have the smallest proportion of police to every 10,000 of the popnlation are, according to the latest returns — Protestant — London derry, 12 ; Down, 12; Antrim, 12; Tyrone, 14 ; Armagh, 14. In the following counties the proportitn of police is the largest — Popish— Clare, 40 ; Wes'meatb, 44 ; Limerick, 45 ; Tipperary, S. R., 49. Papal Losses — The loss of millions of francs from the Papal treasury, which was made pnblic some time time ago, is the sub ject of an article by Professor lleyscblag In a German magazine. The loss was all the more painful because the -.money so . recklessly squandered or speculated away had been in a great degree contributed cut of the sacrifice and generous self-denial of the poor, who were deeply moved by the imagined persecu tion, imprisonment, and dire necessities of the Holy Father. A MoDsignore, as we have said recently, was made the scapegoat when the immensity of the Papsl losses conld no longer be concealed. . ,,,, '"riie Incriminated prelate has now privately circnlated an apology and justification of .hi? conduct as administrator, which, if it be true, throws any thing but a pleasant light upon (he economical policy of Leo Xlll. He atatee that it was at the Pope's own order that great snms out of the Peter's Pence wore divided amongst eleven of the old Roman aristocratio families, with a view of rescning those enthu siastic supporters of the Pope from bank ruptcy. He adds that a sum of 1,800,000 francs was loaned by the command of the Pope to the Order of the Jeanits in America MoEsignore Folchi states that the Jesuits paid intereat to the Pope for sixteen montlipi hnt then stopped payment, and that the Pope strictly prohibited any steps froth being taken for the recovery of iho money. The White Pope cannot afford to quarrel with the Black Pope, and the Jesuits, says Professor Beyscblag, wilt donbtlosa repay the Papacy, not in the shape of money, but in the shape of their priceless religious and political services. As it was their Order which really made the Popes infallible, they may possiblyi and not nnjuetly, imagine that the Pope owes a much greater debt to them than (hey do to nim.- -Jiscno. 