BE WASN'T A OCIP OF TUE OULD BLOOK. Mr Flanagan : "01 don't know phwat 01 wull do wid me bye Micky. Faith, he's a bad young spalpeen." Mr O'ltourke : "Phwat be he been after doina' 1" Mr Flanagan: " Sure ho kim home last noight rollin' a beer keg that he'd etholo from the saloon v thebo Dootehmon bet' yant." Air O'aurke: " Soure's he's a oliver bye Is Miocky," Mr Flanagan : "That's phwat 01 t'ought, on' OI was just after tellin' him he woue a ohip av the ould blook, when 01 discovereod the keg was empty," Mr O'llourke : O hope yo teached 1'.i a lesson for thavin'?" Mr Flanagan: " 'egobs, 01 thi , he's a howlin' yet from the bastin' I gin. him." A painstaking man-a dentist. Startling figures-ghosts. A horse may pull with all its might, but never with its mane,. Lisp Yent--lBsalib t"What did Jack say when you proposed to him 7" r Grace: ." Io was too frightened to say anything-eo silence gave consent," When a waaiseraoman hlangos her plane t n hWrlýgnna10NYfoIawll 's°W P°ro.ahl-i Aocientlemalo: " How much would you stake me for ?" Oute lhotographor : "About twenty lour mum," lio gat the job. A poet asks : " What is warmer than a \- womano's love 7" We lnflr that he never picked up a newly.ooiued horse shoe fIoets from the forge. giatrato : "It 1 lot1 you off thin timou will you promise not to como bank hero n again 7" I' isner: " Yes, sir. The fact is, I didn't d conme vulntilv this time." o- u(,.T to ndelly): '"Dairuig, you are the Sonly gill I ever loved." bShe (euquettishly) : "Oh, pehaw I You can't imagine how much tun you ilave missed," " Waiter, this steak is much smaller Ihan d the one I had yesterday, Iow's that ?" " 01, it comes from a smaller ox." " You say I was born in Loneon, pa. \sWhere was mother born ?" " In Dublin." 1 And where weore you born, pa l' " In Gloucester." "It's very strange, pa, isn't iti that we three should have met ?" Ho : "Mildred, will you be my wife ?" V She: * Well, not to-day." a IIo : "Oh, Mildred, how can you speak so flippantly 1" Shie: "Flippantly ?. How do you sup. pose I oonclcd possibly be your wife today ? i1 should want at least two weeks to gee b ready in." A young dandy, from the town, oneoo made the acquaintance ofa pretty and lovely 1 milkmanld, and being greatly ' enaourel with her charms, Ihe went to the farmcouso . where dwelt his divinity, for the purpose of seeaing her. Not knowing the crenturo's naeno-for, like all flcrts leho had given him come halt dozen difforent once- he asked the sour lookang man who was staoklog manure in the yard ', low's the milk maid I" The man did not think hbe was referring to Mary, the milkmaid, but only meant tooling him,. so he replied ," My young buok, us don't make our milk -uo gets it from the cows." Alexander Dumas was one Eny the guest of Dr Oiatal, a leading oraoititoner in lMarseilles. After dinner, while the offone was being handed round, the host requoeted tile great novelist to anrlah his album with one of his witty improvisations, "Oertainly," replied Dumas, with semilo; and drawing out a pencil, he wrote, under thle eyes of his entertainer, the following lines Binoo ])r Olstal came to our town To euro diseases casual and hereditary, The hospital has boon pulled down "You Iatlarer I' oexolaimed the dootor, mightily pleased ; but the pout went on And we have made a larger oomatory." Mr Feoder: " This vest wants to be I little larger round the waist, Bohneider." Hahnoider : " But it Ilts you perfectly now, sir." Mr Feeder: " 1 know it fite all right now, but I am ordering tbis suit to wear at dinners." Mearred in white, you have chosen all right. Married in grey, you will go far away; lMarrledin blank, you will wish yourrelt back; Married in rod, you will wish yoursell dead; Married Ia' teen, afraid to be seen ; Masrl.,, In Ilue, he will always be true; ilhtlod ill poerl, you will live In a whirli Married in yellow, ashamed of your follow I Married In brwn, you will live out of town l Married in pink, your oplhit will sinlh 