oe Selton's Revenge. by ahfhf.d S. liubbxgx, His tame was Joseph Belton, bat hie mates on board the Middiesirand lightship called him Grim Joe. Hie grizzled beard end eun-tan ied face and ban da told of a life in the open air. Joe bad seen foreign service in the navy. He had stood to hie gun and never flinched amid the hell nf flame and fchot woieh rained from the forte of im pregnable SebaBtopul : he had chaaed the slaver, and brought the frowning, baffled Arab trader to hia knees ; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurrioanes in the mid-ocean, and had, save the loss of one finger on hia right hand, eome aoathleea out of all. The loss of the finger ineapaaitated Joe Helton for active service, and he retired on hia penBion, and lor some time lived at a fishing village on the Essex coast. Bat Jos got tired ot mooning about with few better companions than the " 'longshore men," who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations ran fancy free, but took good oare never to dwell npon their perilous adventures and hair breadth escapes when Joe Belton was within hearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vaoanoy ooourred on board the Middle - strand lightship, and Joe applied for it. He was at onoe accepted, as he had left the navy with a clean sheet and each a character as any honest man might bB truly proud of. . . Joe Belton was a bachelor, He had loved, and loved in vain, and, as he put it, "haoled in hia heart's tackle, and stowed.it away for ever." Nobody knew muoh about the Btory, save that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart - and nobody oared to question him on the subject, lor Joes face would grow dark and forbidding at the slightest word of chiff relating to hie lonely life. "Look here, lade," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashore, and when the wind roars at night, thay are thinking, apd praying for you, though they 'know that a lightship ia the safest craft that fjjjats. -Be thankful you are not like mej who cares for nobody, and for whom no body oaree. Heigho ! Now I'll go and have a tnrn at the reflectors." On duty or cfl duty, whenever Jos Belton was upset, be would have "a tnrn at the re flectors." "Elbow grease" seemed to be the only salve to his wounded heart, and he ' would keep on polishing until the reflectors were like burnished mirrors of silver ; ttndiaa 4 it were, he rubbed away the gloom from his faoe, and left it Tuddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dejeoted- nese. Whenever he was "off his baeoy," and read from a treasured copy of Hilton's poems, hia mates winked at each other, and left him alone until the fit had passed away. One night, after Joe bad gone to his ham mock. Pnil Oxiey found that a leaf in the book had been carefally turned down, and, ehakin - big head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe mast be in a very bad way indeed. 41 liind them lines be'a marked with a pencil," lie said. 41 Read 'em aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not mnoh of a aoboiard;" Jim Dawling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read : " Hence, loathed Melancholy, Ol Erebus and blackest midnight born In Stygian nave forlorn, 'Mongst horrid shapes, and ahrieka, and Bights unholy Find out some nnconth sell, Where brooding Darkness spreads his jealous wings And the night raven sings ; There, nnder ebon shades, and low- browed rocks j As jagged as thy looks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell." " I don't understand mnoh about it," Phil said, " but 1 daresay it's all right. The only thing in my line is the low-browed rocks. Dor', what a head that 'ere Milton mnat have had, to be Enre ! Bat I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I e'pose it wouldn't be right to hide the hook, would it, now ?" " I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with doable pay," Jim Dawling replied. My missus — and, bless her heart, she's still my sweetheart — knows something about how Joe was jilted. Yon see, Phil, aach a etory gets lianued down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over she fire on winter nights. Why, bleea you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather vised to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who hannted the coast when he was a young man, would make yonr hair onrl like — like thin rashes o' bacon in a frying-pan." Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood cardling yarns, when bis eyes grew round and his month opened to its utmost limits. " Look ! Look there 1" he gasped. Jim Dawling's face grew ashy pale as he turned Blowly. There was some vague notion in hie mind at that moment — and Jim had his full share of superstition, and perhaps a little over — that the ghost of his grandfather had eome to polish op hia memory; but in stead of a spectre he eaw Joe Belton. His eyes were fixed and staring, his arms hanging loosely at his .side, and hiB movements, ae if be were measuring every step carefally, pro claimed that he was walking in his sleep. Suddenly ha stopped, and, stooping down, felt abont where he had left the copy of Mil ton's poems. Scarcely knowing what he did Jim Dawling pushed the book noiselessly within the somnambulist's reach. Joe Belton took op the the volume, and mattered : ' Henos, loathed Melaneholy, Of Erebas and blackest midnight born and then, with a dark expression of face nd /prions gesture, hnrled the book from Phil Oxley was conscious that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp all over with perspiration as if the oabin had been suddenly connected with a slow oven. Jim Dawling BBid nothing and did nothing, but simply sat and stared. He felt that he was so rooted to the locker, that had a gun proclaimed a vessel in danger, little short of steam power could have lifted him to hie feet. Joe Belton crossed the floor, and stopping short against the wall, leaned his arm heavily npon it, and began to speak. "Well, Nancy," he said, "you know best. I have tried to. win your heart, not to steal it, like a common thief. You have allowed your ears to be poisoned against me by Caleb Iloze. He is my rival, and would say any thing against me. I swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rules the land and sea, that at the time Roze says I was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta." He ceased speaking, and raised his head as if waiting for a reply to hie avowal. "You doubt me," he continued, in the voIcb of a strong man eabduing his paseion. "I see it written on your face : I read it in your eyes. And it isn't doubt, Nancy ; you want to find an excuse to get rid of me. You favor Caleb Roze. What ! you say no '! 1 siy yes. " Well I'll go ; for I'd sooner plunge into the era with a ehot at my heele than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me." Joe Belton walked away a few paces, and then tnrned back again. A "Tell Caleb Roze to give me Jw/ide berth," he said. " I ve always thought it was my nature to forget a id forgive, but I'll never forget or forgive the man whose lying tongue has blighted my life and turned my heart to gall. Tell him bo — tell him to keep beyond the reach of my arm ; and good-bye, Nansy — for the last time good-bye." The samnambulist crossed the cabin, and, ' passing out, went calmly baek to his ham mock, as if he was weary, and bis watch he- low had just begun. For some moments Phil Oxley and Jim Dawling did not speak, bat at length- Phil broke the eilenae. ' What — what d'ye think o' that ?" he asked, scarcely above hie breath. " It's the swiulleet thing I ever saw. Lor', I've got the pine and needles all over me !" " I think," Jim Dawling replied, " that the beBt thing Grim Joe can do is to go ashore and aee a doctor as quick as possible." " But the relief hoat won't be here for mor'n a week, and you know the penalties for any man quitting the ship without leave. Shall we tell Joe how he's been carry ing on?" Jim Dawling turned the question over in his mind for some moments, and replied in the negative. " What good would it do?" he argued. " It would only frighten him and make him the more miserable 10 think that he had been walking and talkingin his sleep. We'd better keep a close watoh over him, and mention the matter to the officer. He knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find some exenae to get him ashore." It was a dark, wild March night. The wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran high. Every now and then the lightning glared npon the storm-tossed ocean and the distant desolate ooaBt, and the thnnder roared as if tearing the mighty piles of clouds asunder. While Oxley and Dawling were yet discus sing Grim Joe's bout of sleep-walking, and promising tu divulge it to no other man on board, the hoarse roar of the foghorn rent the air. As fast as their feet could carry them, Oxley and Dawling rushed ou deck, and they were quickly followed by Joe Belton, who, having slipped his legs into his slacks, com pleted the rest of hia toilet, Bailor-like, as he went to where duty called him. 11 There was a flare shown out sonth'ard," said the man who had sounded the alarm ; "and onoe I thought I saw a vessel, bat at first I thought the lightning had deceived me. Look 1 look 1 There she is." "She's running on to the sands," Joe Belton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, " and Heaven help her and all on board if ehe doens't sheer off. Keep the horn going. Run oat the gun, and give her a loader warning. What does the oaptain mean by running into the jaws of death like this ? He muBt be cither drunk or mad." Crashl went the report of the gnn. It was answered by another, and a red flare, which toldrits own story only two well. " She'slpst her helm," Jim Dawling said. See hti#iaie'tslls'k»a JIimmUh n Msythsi Lord send the wind abont ! Ah, Bhe strikes 1 Bhe strikes 1 Poor sonls, they are lost, every one!" The gone were now being answered by an- 'other lightship, some five miles distabt, and at the nearest lifeboat station mep were making haste to help the shipwrecked mari ners. Lights 'flashed, gone boomed, the fog horn sorceohed, and men ehonted — alas, all in vain ! The hanlesa vessel, driven on the sands. was doomed to destruction. As its keel trnak upon the treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thing in pain. And, as if in mookery, the wind howled loader, and its furious gusts drove the waves mountain-high. Sheets of foam and snrf flew over tbelightship, blinding the men, who clung, scarcely breathing, to the rigging. "The lifeboat trill never reach her, "some body shouted. ' Listen." Amid the nproar came the crashing of timber, and then auoh a cry of despair aa made the etontest heart sink and quake. ' She's settling down, " Jim Dawling said, during a momentary lull in the storm. " But see ! one poor fellow has trusted himself to a spar, and is drifting away frcm the ship. He might as well place faith in a straw. Heaven help as, we can do nothing. Oar boats would era ok. like nutshells in such a sea. At that moment the sky became ablaie with a terrifio flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, and they showed the descairing figure clinging with tbe strength of agony to the spar. His features were as plainly eeen as if a ray of limelight had been turned on them, and even the convulsive action of hia hands, as he tried to pull him self higher and higher into the tangled cord age, was visible. "Lads," said Joe Belton, pulling his south- wester tightly over his head, ' I am going after that man.'hnc I don't ask any one else here to run the risk. It's my affair, for yonder floats the man who did me tbe greatest wrong I ever endured. I want him to sea me before he go 28 under. 1 want him to know that I have had my revenge at last." ' You are mad," Phil Oxley oried. -'Joe I Joel you are not yourself ; you are dream ing. Can't yon see that you will be com mitting suicide ? All that any man here can do is to stand by, and fling a life-buoy to the poor wretch if he happens to pass this way." " Stand back, yon, Phil Oxley, and you all," Joe Belton yelled, snatching up an axe, as the men advanced towards him. - " Sane or mad, I will have my way. and I am going. Stand back, I say ; the man who thinas of trying to Btop me had better say hia prayers." ' Good-bye, then, Joe," Eaid Jim Dawling. " We're not afraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doingfooliah, useless acts. Look at the eea, listen to the wind, and tell me if anything but a well-manned lifeboat can live five minutes," - " I don't expect to come back," Joe Belton retorted. "I only want him to catch sight of me, and I shall be satisfied." As he spoke he out away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling snrge. The distracted men thought that the frail craft and Joe Beltao— t" o«n"n under., the light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous shout as they saw the determiuined man -prill rog-wiiti »il -bis might. And then thev lost sight of him in the trough of the mighty waves chasing each other :n mad haBte. "He's a dead mm,' Foil Oxley wailed " But what could we do? He's have kept his word, ani killed the first man who at tempted to stop him. And now he's gone for ever I Poor Joel" But no ; the man bent on so strange an errand appeared to have a charmed Jife. The boat rede the waves like a swan, and nearer and nearer it drew to the spar with itB wretched burden of humanity, bopiug against hope, and crying in heartrending ac cents for help when it seemed nc earthly help could come. When within a few yarde of the drowning man, Joe Belton turned Che blades of the ana flat to the water and leaued over the gunwale. " Caleb Roze," he shouted, in a voice that rose above the wind and the turbulent ocean, "You know me. Look at me. I am Joe Belton, the inau wnose heart you killed — the inan whose better nature you slew with your lying tongue. I have come here to see you die. Do your bear? I have come to see you die." - - - - Roze was a powerful, muscular man. but his strength was nearly spent. He heard Joe Bslton'a terrible words, and a cry of anguish burst from his lips; yet in that agony of despair he made one more tffjrt, deserted tbe spar, and clutched frantically at the boat. " Take your hands away, or I will beat them off !" J >.-? Bflton yelled. -'Do von re member the lie you uttered ? You cold Nancy that I was only fooling wuh her. and that you had Been me in tbe c iiupany of my real sweethemt at 1'ortsmouih. Away witij you ! i Down, down, and drown lika a dog 1"' "Joe! Joe !" shrieked the frantic man, " if yon beat me off it will be murder. If you have no pity on mej think of my wife and children. Think t&w; they will miss :i me, the breadwinner. Think how they lov< 1 me, and how 1 love them. Oh, it iB hard i die like this, almost in eight of home. 1 God takes my life, He gave it ; but you arc only a man, and not my jadge. Hate me at yon will, Joe, but give me a chance, and earn the thanks and prayers of innocent children who have done you no harm — little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you in thought or deed. " The very storm seamed to hush its voice that the wordaof this appeal might be heard, and the men who had risked his life to see his enemy die bBfore bis eyes became as a little child himself. With tho strength of a giant he pulled Caleb Roze into the boat, just as a shout from the men orowded in the rigging of the wreok announced that the lifeboat was coming. He Bwconed, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and the last flash of lightning — for the storm clouds were now rolling away— showed it indistinctly plung ing shorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life ; but hidden from view was another man, who lay in animate, helpless, and a mere mass of huddled clothing. There was a rush to the Sailors' Home at Shellaea, for the lifefaoatmen had done their dnty nobly, and out of all the crew of the vessel, now a; wreok on the Middlestrand sands, only one mBn was missing — Caleb Roze. The story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. It waa told and retold, with many alterations and additions, and everybody waa making up his and her mind that Joe had first had his revenge, and thrown himself into the ocean afterwards, when, cool as a oncumbar, Joe Belton himself marched- into the Sailors' Home. " I want to Hee the chaplain," he said. " I have something particolar to say to him. If any of you want a job, you can take a trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to the lightship from Hove." The chaplain ioBt no time in interviewing hia unexpected visitor, and learned from him that Caleb Roze was not only safe, but by that time being attended to by hiB own wife at home. " I couldn't face her," Job Belton said, " so I sent him on by some fishermen. When I think, eir, how narrowly I escaped having the blood ol a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy. I will-sit down a moment, if yon please, sir." " Belton," replied the chaplain, " yon played two parts, but the better one pre vailed. Bury the past, and remember that ,we mortals are ever weak. To err ie human ; <l8i6l8tiSuie'8fsin8-L' There are people down Hove way who will point yon out an old man wandering on the beaoh, with little children hovering round him, and tell you that t he father of the youngsters is at eea, and that he who watches them with so much tenderness lives in a oottagB on the cliff, but comes down every day for a walk with the little ones. And hie name is Joe Belton, who looks upon his act of revenge as the best one he ever performed iu his life. 