General News. Mr. James Overead, the well-known railway contractor, is at present in Cairns, and will likely make a prolonged stay. Mr. John Buchanan, (Mr. Robb's engineer,) and Messrs. Gordon, Mason and Mann are expected by the Cintra to-morrow. A visit to the Barron Falls and third section was made yesterday. Captain Thomson of the Quiraing was the guest of the day. Inspector Fitzgerald, of Cooktown, arrived by the Wodonga on Saturday on public business and enquiry matters connected with Cairns. Miss Maggie Ford's Musical and Dramatic entertainment opens in Cairns on about the 20th September. The press speaks very highly of the performance. A Port Douglas wire says the Brie Brie Plantation has again changed hands. Mr. Dyason, the new proprietor, contemplates sugar growing and jam manufacturing. A Georgetown telegram says :—News was received here on Saturday that a syndicate were prepared to construct the Croydon and Herberton railway line. The information was received with general satisfaction. Mr. Peter McLean, Under-Secretary for Agriculture, left by the Quairaing for the South. Mr. McLean spent a couple of days at the Kamerunga State Nursery, and expressed his satisfaction at the progress made. An account of Medcarf's celebrated Rockhampton Biscuit Factory will be found in another column, and judging by samples for warded to this office we believe the account to be in no way exaggerated. Mr Herbert G. Driver, agent for the Look Out Tobacco, his been appointed sole agent for North Queensland. A change is about to be made in the management of St. Monica's School, three Sisters of Mercy arriving from Cooktown on the 1st October to take charge. The day- school arrangements regarding the education of boys and girls will remain unaltered. The house in Lake-street adjoining the School will be fitted up suitably as a convent residence. The splendid performances of the Drum and Fife Band connected with the "Rapid" has evidently stirred our local players into activity, and under the conductorship of Mr. Mar we may expect that shortly Cairns will be in the possession of a first-class band. Several adult players have joined, and the principal citizens have agreed to contribute sufficient funds to keep the institution going. An excellent entertainment of a couple of of hours was afforded by the Rev. C. F. Seymour of Herberton in the Divisional Hall on Monday evening. Charles Dickens' Marley's Ghost business was brought before the audience by the lecturer, and illustrated with some first-class lime light views. Some comic sketches and views contributed to a very enjoyable evening. The following is from the Northern Miner of the 8th inst.:—"It is rumored that Messrs. Sydney Burdekin, one of the Holdens, and John Robb, are members of the Syndicate which is prepared to construct a railway on the Land-Grant priciple from Croydon to Granite Creek, thus completing railway communication from Trinity Bay on the East Coast to the Norman River on the Gulf of Carpentaria." At the last meeting of the Trustees of the Townsville Grammar School Mr Hodges, the head-master, mentioned that four boys from the school would be present at the junior examinations in connection with the Sydney University, which begin on Monday, their names being—H. Barton, Ravenswood ; P. Ryan, Townsville ; W. M'Harg, Cairns, and W. Craig, Herberton. Mr. Hodges stated that he was making arrangements with an expert carpenter to give the boys instruction in the elementary branches of that trade. The contractors for the third section, Messrs MacKenzie and Co., are making excellent progress with the work, and it is expected the engine will be running to Biboohra within two or three weeks. With the delay that might be experienced in bridging the Barron River, it certainly seems desirable that the Government should agree to open the line for traffic when finished to that point. Biboohra is only six miles from Granite Creek and would answer the purpose of securing traffic almost as well as the terminus. We understand some bullion from Muldiva is already stacked at Granite Creek awaiting the opening of the section. A queer story is reported by the Salvation Army in Cairns, which, if true, should lead to a strict investigation. It is said a respectable girl of sixteen was hired from a Townsville Registry Office on an engagement, and that on arrival in Cairns she found her dear, kind mistress had ends in view that were not laid down in the agreement, in fact that the intentions of the good, motherly creature who had engaged her services were strictly dishonourable. Strictly speaking the girl was a prisoner, having declined all infamous proposals. Her screams attracted the attention of the Salvation Army, and by the aid of the police the girl was rescued from the den of iniquity. Decidedly, if the tale is true, the police or the girl should prosecute as a warning to others. Mr. Purcell, the gentleman who with Mr. A Meston, has in hand a tour of the world with Australian exhibits was a through passenger by the Quiraing, from Croydon. He has with him some 30 blackfellows collected from Normanton, the Gilbert River, Flinders Group, and inland. Mr Meston already has a large party of boys, and is even now engaged in training them. The boys in Mr. Purcell's troupe supply, in most cases, the missing links between the various tribes, and show the connection between the different casts and stamps of the race as a whole. Mr Purcell also has a large and valuable collection of spears, implements &c.;, and several cages of painted and other miniature birds. Within the course of a month or so the preliminary arrangements will have been completed, and the exhibition will open in Brisbane Purcell have engaged a large space in the Chicago Fair for their exhibits. The Colonial Secretary has for some time had under consideration the re- arrangement of the police districts of Queensland, with a view, if possible, of undertaking the work of supervision without increasing the list of superior officers, or replacing those who have lately retired. The classes of inspectors and sub-inspectors have been re-arranged, and they have, in several instances, been assigned fresh districts. The Executive to-day made various alterations and re-arrangements of districts, and approved of police officers being assigned the undermentioned districts :— First-class inspectors—Lloyd, Brisbane; Murray, Port Curtis; Isley, Kennedy; Stuart, Moreton and Darling Downs. Second-class inspectors—Britton, Mitchell ; Douglas, Maranoa ; Meldrum, Wide Bay, Brannelly, Warrego ; Graham, Burke and Gregory. First—class sub-inspectors—Carr, Port Curtis ; Poingdestre, native police ; Marrett, native police ; Lamond, Darling Downs ; Drysall, Charters Towers ; Mather, Mackay. Second- class sub-inspectors—Urquhardt, Cloncurry ; White, Brisbane ; Dillon, Longreach ; Savage, Thursday Island and adjacent islands. First-class Detective Nethercote to be appointed a first-class sub- inspector of the Police Detective Branch. 