CURRENT TOPICS. TnF. annual report ot tho British Commit- sioners for Customs discloses soino startling tacts as to tho amount of taxation imposed on tho working classes in England througli tlio Customs House. It will surprise thoso among us who aro perpetually in stancing tho mother country as a proof of the cheapness of living under freo-trado to learn that whilo the national ineonto is 70 millions, ovor 45 millions, or more titan one half of tho revenue, is derived from Customs and exciso duties. About 10 millions of this Is rsisod from tobaooo, and the breakfast-table necessaries, so fat from being free, cost tho British taxpoyer over four mWlions a year. The burdon, 'falls heaviest on the poorer classes, for whilo tho man with an average income only contributes 8d. ill tho £ ou his income, the artisan, whoso wagos ato not directly taxed, has to pay Is. 4d., or just double. Both rich and poor pay duty on their tea and tobacco at a uniform rate of duty, though the former uso ,tho highest olasB of article, and tho latter can only afford whit is choap and inferior. Tho amusing part of tho business is that our so-called freo-tradors cannot perceive the manifest injustice of all this.. They pro pose to retain the Customs duties, partly bo- causo tho largo revenue therefrom is easily collected, and partly because, accord ing to their theory, such duties make tho cost of living so cheap in England. But tho fact as now- disclosed happen to destroy the theory altogether. Our free-traders will, there fore, do well to oast about for some other argumonts, for it must be apparent even to them that what they ore ploasod to term tho exactions from ths working classes hero under our so- called protectionist tariff aro lighter than tho impositions on tho same olass in Great Britain, whore tho poor are much pnoror than our people. This is putting itsido alto gether the question of . duties intended to fostor native industry. Tho teo- totallers will not bo pleased to hear that the British drink bill is gradually increasing, v and that the Commissioners for Customs lament that thore is a falling off in tho imports of grain available for tho manu facture of cheap spirits,' and that the supply of high- class wino for the wealthy is becoming scarcer, and the duties correspondingly loss. Nevertheless, Englnnd is on joying tho blessings of free-trade, and Australia is expected to follow suit. Toughing the A morican fisoal polioy, t ho Syd ney free- trado jonrnnlsihave been careful to impress upon the public that protection in tho States has proved a total failure ; and that if the Democrats como in, with Mr. Grovkr Cleveland as President, it will be swopt away, and a mild tariff nioroly for revenue purposes substituted. It turns out that Mr. Cleveland docs not propose'anything of tho kind. According to tho manifesto just issued by hint, ho repudiates any idea of destroying tlio protoeted interests of America, and has not titc slightest notion of' adopting frco- trade principles. All that ho proposes is a modification of tho existing system, by which duties will bo removed from purely raw material and tho taxation somewhat differently distributed. The Dcmooratio candidate knows perleetly well that if ho attempted to alter tho fisoal basis in any important particular be would not havo the ghost of a chance of election as Presi dent. The real difference between tho Republican and the Democratic party on this subject is merely one of do- tail. No one would dream for a moment of altering tho funda mental principle of protection, or of adopt ing a system of freo- trado, for the very Bimplc but sufficient roason that the United States havo become a wealthy and mighty nation undor tho protective polioy, and their people aro tho last in the world to ' abandon any of tho advantages they havo obtained. Tho M'Kinley A'ot precisely suits their pur poses, and Mr. Cleveland is certainly not going to lose his election by advocating its repeal. If our contemporaries really desire to know what tho Democrats propose thoy havo only to inquire from somo of tho party resi dent here. They will soon find that from one end of tho States to the other the notion of frec-trado would be received with laughter as unworthy of (serious argument. Americans would as soon think- of abandon ing protection as thoy would of evacuating their territory. Another oaso has occurred in which an important Aot of Parliament has been rendered useless owiug to the want of regu lations for carrying its provisions into effect. In the Parrnmatta Police Court yesterday a butcher was oharged with having a pig for salo which was unfit for human food, and tho information was laid under the "Diseased Animals and Meat Act of 1892." Tho proceedings before tho magistrate were abruptly terminated by tho discovery that no regula tions had been made under the Act, and without these it was inoperative. It appears that the duty of framing the regu lations devolves upon the Board of Hoalth, upon tho recommendation of whioh body tltpy will he confirmed by tho Governor, trad acquire tho force of law. The Act itsolf was paesod ovor six months ago, and yet nothing has been done to bring it into proper operation. In the caso of the Arbitration Aot, a week or so ago, tho Judges of tho Supreme Court admitted that they had overlooked the nocessity for making rules, though thoy asserted that thoy had not had lima to prepare them. No such apology, however, is available for the Board of Health. Thoir functions at any rate are not of such a severely onerous nature as to prevent., their paying, attention:,; , to so serious and important a duty as the framing of regulations under the Diseased Meat Act. Considering the urgency of i ho matter this work might and should havo been performed within a week certainly of tho passing of tho Statute, and the rules in tho possession of every polioa magistrate and hoalth officer in New South Wales, It is for tho Board to explain why this has not been done, as at present tho omission looks very like negligence. Perhaps, as two instances of the same kind have occurred so soon after each other, the Law Officers will make a little further inquiry, and ascertain whether there are any other Acts in the satno predicament as thoso referred to. The publio will not tolerate the laws of the country being ren dered a dead lettor merely because tho requirements of the Legislature have not been carried out. 