Scence at Rhine Cologne The [?]st Magnificent Sp[?] Architecture in the Wor[?] lotion of a Monk's Co[?] What Came of It. [?] It was quite dark long before we reached Cologne, writes Julian Hawthorne; in fact, it was near midnight, and nothing could be seen as we opproached the city but lights, gradually multiplying. The groat cathedral was invisible) but when we emerged from tho railway station, behold I ihero it rmse directly over our heads, a mighty cliff of carvon etono ascending to and losing itself in the darkness of tbemidnightsky. \\\"o.j>azed_and clambered into our waggons aud were driven around the Zuliobs I'iaiE (which contains not only the cathedral, but the eftablish ments of tho various iirms which profess to sell tho only genuine colopne water), and through some narrow and i evicua streets to our hotel, situated about a quarter of a mile away. After a mouthful of suppe-r there wbb DotbiDg for tho numu.nt as ted, aud to bed wo went. Our beds were of tbo familiar Oct mnn pattern, short and narrow, with a wedge-abaped pillow and a wadded coverlid but wo slept tho drcamlces deep of exhaus tion. The nest morning we took the train to tbo University town cf Bonn, twenty miles away. As we left Cologne and got out into the plain the vast mass of the onhedral, with its twin towers, roso higher and higher above the roofs of tbo surrounding city until at length the oity sunk altogether out of sight and the cathedral alono remained aud possessed the horizon. The proportions of this wonderful struoturo are so perfect that it is impossible, while, in its immediate vicinity, to realieo its enormous dimensions. They are revealed on y by dittanoe, but when they aie rtveuled they almost surpass expectation!-. It is be yond question the moat magnificent of gothir architecture that the world has ever scrn— one of tho few creations of man that u'oeo lutely satisfy tho craven of the human mini fur perfection. Bonn ia one of tho prettiest of university towns, with loag, shady avenues and handsome villas in tho outskirts. The collego building* are of tho Bimplei-t aiohitco ture. Tho broad llbine, of a yellowish green hue, huriies by on ono sido, nod a few miles further up rites tho mountain of the Diaobenfels, with its ruined castle on the summit. At tho little church on tho hill near Bonn there was a wide view over a broad and fer tile plain for tbo members of tho expedition that vieited it. ' Tbo cathedral rose like a distant mountain peak on the horizon. The Rhine flowed through the landscape in a long curve, and along its banks crept three or four regiments of hussars engaged in some drill maiaiuvres. Thero were masses of clouds in the sky and shadows and sunshine tinted scrota tho faeo of tho earth. A fresh v*esteily breeze was blowing und tho at mosphere was exhilarating. We descended in tho erjpt of tho church, whoro the dead monka lay in oclliua on each fidu of the dark and narrow vsult. Tho tlesh had dried and tbrivelled upon tbeir bones, and tbeir garments had partly crum bled to piecea with age, but the \ spression and character of each face wa? preserved, and the tight, strange to suy, was u?t diaegrce able. Tho withered fiicta bad mi aspect ot profound peace. Kich figure lay with his liunda folded across his breast. Ono ol them, however, bad died'of loot.ji<v, and hie mouili was wido open, giving him a most singular and groteique appearance. There was also a story connected with this indi vidual. An Englishman with a mania for relics had broken iff a thumb from this body and oarried it away, but many years after ward lis bad sent it back with the request that it be restored to its proper owner, and adding that mirfortunc had pursued him jver since ho had committed tho robbery. The ghost of the outraged monk Lad given him no rest. So there lies tbo thumb on the withered breaM, and the letter is preserved in tbo archives ot tho church. The amiable little priest who told us the legend smiled at us as he told it with a chiUli.-b pleasure in this aoiifirmalion of the reality of his re ligion. It was a memorable scene —the dark crypt, lighted only by tbo lantern in the hands of our guide, the dusky corpsca in theiir open coffins and tboeilent crowd gassing and listening. Returning to Bonn V7O got into a river steamer, under the guidance and by the in. vitation of the American Consul at Cologne, a gentleman who throughout treated us with the utmost cordiality and attention, and proceeded up tho river to the Draohenfele. The ruin cf Draehenfols nhowa the amas ing massivenesa with which the old builderr built. Only a fragment cf tbo town remains, rising straight' up from the vertical face of the precipice for sixty feet, but so true are tbo linss and bo pondotous tho workmanship that it may well aland aa it is now for an other thousand years. Wo clambtreel aud rambled over it, und the photographer took our photographs, and wo made very merry in the old robber stronghold, where tho noble robbers themselves had been merry centuries before. 'But tho hour camo when wo must depart, and before long wo found oureelves back in Cologne, with the memory of a day on the Rhino that will never fado away. 