KEAL GHOST STORIES. (From, the Ileview of Reviews.) ghosts IN couples. Out-of-door ghosts are frequently to bfe . found m couples or even in greater numbers. Here is a story from Mr. Kendall's diary, iii which two apparitions were seen at the same time r — Mr. S. related a strange case in the experi ence of a New Connexion minister," particulars sf which he was sure he could obtain, in writing from the percipient. The Rev; Mr; \- O;, well known to him, now travelling at B;, was formerly stationed at Ripon. There was a chapel belonging to the Connexion. at Kirby Malzerd; Mr. O. had to preach there one \- -evening and stay at a house outside the village, the way to which was through several fields. A widow arid her daughter lived at the house ; they were at the meeting, and. he walked home with them. They informed him that in a . field which they had to cross the apparitions 6f two. men were to bfe sfeeri; arid that there were ghostly disturbances at the house. As they were going across this field there were the two men. They went before them ; there Was something about them different from or dinary men. They preceeded them up to the house, and then vanished. There was a story ;of two men having been killed told to account \- for- the apparition. Mr. and Mrs. Tenison, living at 215, Ux- -bridge Road, London; also saw an apparition of two. They write : — . During the summer of 1885 I and my fam ily were stopping at Mrs. Jones' boarding- house, Fr.iog,'near Barmouth. On August 18 we (that is I, my wife, son, daughter, and a Miss Green) ascended to the top of Cader Idris". When returning to Friog we lost our Way, and it was some time' before we got on the right road along the side of the mountain. As we we plodded along the sun set, and the moon rose after a time, but was hidden by the hills on our left. The evening was calm and clear, so that all the surrounding objects can fie plainly seen. We were walking in two parties, my son, daughter, and Miss Green being of the first, my wife and I of the second, about 50 yards astern. At a short turn of the road we lost sight of them for about a minute. Whfen they came into sight again they were . accompanied by two male figures having the appearance of shepherds ot peasants. I felt glad that we had fallen in with somebody who fnight be able to tell us of a short cut to Friog, especially as we had been walking several miles without meeting a living soul. As we knew we should have to turn off from the main road a little farther on, we did not at tempt to join the advanced party, feeling sure they Would wait for us at the bye-road. For more' than half an hour my son, daughter, and Miss Greerij accompanied by the peasant figures, walked on ahead of us, when they be- Carii'fe lost to our sight by a curve in the road. tVheri they again became visible, the two peasant figures were gone. We then pushed on and joined- them, and asked who their companions had been and what directions they had given. Our questions caused them touch surprise, as they were quite unconscious Of fiaving had any companions ; neither had fhfey seen or heard anything to divert their at- " tentiow to stfrrounding objects. - After a walk of aJbofit four ffnles from the by-road we got Safely baek to Friog a little past 10 p.m., nothing having occurred to alarm or disturb Us.- At Friog . we were told such forms or figures vTefe often seen, and that no one could account for them, unless they were the ghosts Of people killed in the old time. The curious thing about these figures is that they were seen by two people at the same time.- A ghost that wished to pay its debts. There is an odd story fold by a Catholic priest in the " Prooceedings of the Pisycbical \- Society," which shows that feonsiderafiens of £ 9'.- d. are not altogether forgotten on the , other side of fKfe grave.- It is as follows : — In July, 1838, I left Edinburgh to take charge of the Perthshire missions. On my \- arrival in Perth' I was called upon by a Pres byterian woman, Annie Simpson, who for more than a week bad been in the utmost anxiety to see a priest. This woman stated that a woman lately dead (date not given) named Moloy, slightly known to Anne Simp son, had appeared to her during the night for several nights,- urging her to go to a priest, who Would pay a sum of money, 3s rod, which the deceased owed to a person not specified. I made' inquiries, and found that a woman of that name had died, who had acted as a washerwoman and followed the regiment. Following up the inquiry, I found a grocer with whom she had dealt,- and on asking him it a female named Moloy oWed him anything, he turned up bis books and fold me that she did .owe him- 3s iod. I paid the sum. Sub sequently the Presbyterian woman came to fne, saying that she was no more troubled. "tare care of mother." Here is a ghost that was impelled by love of a wife to remind a daughter to do her duty About two months before the death of ray dear father, which occurred on December 10, 1887, one night, about 12 or 1 a.m., when I was in bed in a perfectly waking condition, . he came to my bedside and led me right through the cemetry at Kensal Green, stop ping at the spot where his grave was after- Wards made. Again, a day or two before his death, some where between December 4th and 10th (the' day of his decease), when he was lying in an unconscious state in a room on the ground floor, and I was sleeping on the second floor, I was awoke sudderily by seeing a bright light in my bedroom — the whole room Was flooded With a radiance quite indescribable — and my father was standing by my bedside, an ether- ealised,- semi-transparent figure,- riut yet his Voice and his aspect Were normal. His voice . seemed a -far-off sound/and yet it was his same Voice as in life. AH he said was, "Take care of mother." He then disappeared, floating in the air,- as if were, and the light also Vanished. About a week afterwards,- that' is to' say,- between the 12th and 17th of December,- the same apparition came to me and repeated the same words.- An aunt' to' whom I related these three experiences suggested to me the possibility that something Was troubling his spirit,- and then I- promised her that should my dear father visit me again I should answer him. This occurred a short time afterwards.- Oh this,- the fourth' occasion, he repeated the same WOrds and f replied,- " Yes,- father." He then added,- " I am in perfect peace." Apparently he' was satisfied With this my. Assurance;- Since' that time I have neither heard nor seen him more.- 