TÖE STORY-TELLER. t ? - ? -- WA6 IT A DREAM. P BT WlLLSHEB LtíE. Was it a dream f This is the question I har« put to myself a hundred times, and to which I have never yet been able to furnish a satisfactory reply. When it occurred, I was on a visit to-Doleston Grange, the honso of my old friend and schoolfellow, Godfrey Stanford. I had only been three months in England, hav- ing lately returnod from índiá, where an excellent appointment had been obtained for me five years before. I had departed from home under the weight of a disap pointaient such as some men bear easily enough, but which affects others differ- ently. , Godfrey's sister. Blanche Stanford, was at that period a clever, handsome girl pf nineteen, whose beauty and charm of man- ner won admiration wherever she Went. I.was three years -her-senior, and having been acquainted; with her from the time when she was a child, it is not surprising ' that ai shs approached Womanhood I fell: deeply tn love with her. -She was then; seventeen,'buül did not speak for another year, anda half, and when, I. did, «he Tft fused me. I believe, for certain reasons, I had chosen an unpropitious time^ but the interest of my friends had procured for mB the aDnointment ito which I have: alluded, my outfit was in preparation, and in a few weeks £ was to ead. Boring the first portion of my life in India, new scenes and associations brought no relief to my mind, embittered 'as it j was'4}y the "failure of *my dearest hopeeH Time af tor time intelligence reached ?mo- ot j offers which Blanche had rejected as she had mine ; fcut a|la«t"I heard shë was enpajpd; io ^ejbiojjE Ifcoystop, *¿maW who, though uot more than twenty-eight, wajs already rising to distinction at the. Baroona whose, ability nobody could question, but who, in other respects-well, I piny spare my censure; events prove ' what he was. I waited ia daily, expecta- ;' tion of hearing of their marriage; bnt, from one cause and another, it was de- layed. At last a letter from Stanford, with whom I had corresponded, brought me some extraordinary news, in referring to. which it is necessary I should relate, in as few words as possible, a small por- tion of the family history of Godfrey and his sister. Their grandfather, Talboys Stanford, was a man whose eccentricities were a by. word with all who knew him. One of the chief was a propensity for alternately quarrelling with each ofilia two sons. If one was in favour, the other was sure to be out. His will was continually being altered, and his estate of Galton Manor, together with alargo fortune he possessed, beiag left first to one and then' to the other. The only property with which he could not meddle was that known as Doleston Grange. This was an old house .standing in about a h ttidred acres of very poor land. It had beronged to his wife, and went, at his death, to the elder; son, who had been her favourite. It was here Mr. Stanford lived, with an old married couple as sorvauts. Among other things, he waa a miser, and grudged the expense of keeping up Galton Manor, which he Ereferred to let ; but a tenant for so irge a placo was not easy to Tind, and during most of its time,*it was empty and neglected. . lt. was with his elder son he was at feud when his death occurred. Vowing to destroy the will which some- months before he had made in his favour, he shut himself up in the room at Doleston Grange in which he usually sat, and in. which, some hours after, he was found lying dead on the floor. The only will that conld be found was one in which he left everything to his younger son. It waa not the last he bad made, but this, no doubt, he had destroyed, in accordance with his threat, as all search for it was unavailing. It was at first thought that the younger brother would do something to repajr the injustice his father had committed, but this expectation was disappointed and the elder lived and died a poor maa, in- stead of a rich one. Perhaps it was some twinge of consciousness which caused the other,-aftor his death," to adopt the boy and girl he had left. He himself was a widower, and childless, so he took God- frey and Blanche to Galton Manor, and for many years titey had no reason to complain of his treatment of them. It was known that not only Godfrey would iuherit the bulk of his uncle's property, but that Biancho would also have a hand- some fortune. As Edward Stanford grew old, how. over, he showed that he liad inherited cer- tain of his father's qualities, as well as his estate. He quarellod with his nep- hew for marrying a portionless girl, and then drove his niece from' his doors be- : cause she sided with her brother. Then he fell iii, and dying, left ail he possessed to some relations of his wife. Upon the heels of this Blanche received a letter from Royston, dwelling upon Iiis inability* to support a wife who brought no addi* tion to his income, on which plea the rascal, who must have been making close upon three thousand a year, meanly de- serted her. Godfrey's marriage« and all that result- ed from it, happened at the time I was in India, When I heard.the news, I de* cided at once to let her see that her loss of fortune had made no alteration in me; - and as soon as I «ouid make the necessary arrangement, I returned'to England. Upon arriving in London I saw Godfrey, wno was there upon business. He told; me that ho was about to put Dplestou Grange into the market, get what he could for it, and emigrate, with his wife and sister, to Australia. Blanche was staying iu town wi;h some friends,. a whose house Î saw her. I had dreaded to find her changed by misfortune, but I found her as handsome as ever, perhaps handsomer, for she had. developed into a more womanly beauty.- Her face aüd' manner were, indeed, a shade graver than I remembered them, but this did not rob har of a single charm. I told. Godfrey of the principal,object' ¿hat had brought me to England, and he said-: : ? - ? . " Don't speak yet. The Brooks and , eid Eetridge have promisee to pay me a visit at Dolestan Grange. I have a whim - to entertain one or two of my best friends in the poor old house before I part with them, perhaps for ever. I intended to ask you. Leave it until then." Mr. and Mrs. Brook were Blanche's hosts-people of our own time of lifo. ' Old Mr. ELetridge was the. family Lawyer who had known Godfrey from a baby, and done him many kindness, especially. since his node's death. These and my- self wewifce only iroests'when, following ÍJodfrey's advice, I went down to Dole- ston Grange. I got there two4«|ys^ter,'the/eft háv» . ing been /detained." in London, 'Atter greeting me, Godfrey said : " My wife is in a difficulty, Trevellion, though I tell her it is nothing. The room beyond your bedroom is the one.in .which my grandfather was found dead;*' Report says it has been haunted ever since on the anniversary bf the-night-he died, the 16th. of October, and this is the 9th. We should be happy to lodge you nest to a room with more agreeable associations, but ia this half- dismantled old place wo are rather short of habitable apartments." « I laughingly assured Mrs. Stanford that she need think no more about it that I was not sensitive on the score of ghosts, and shonld sleep not a whit the less soundly. Before I had been in the same house with Blanche, I had many opportunities of reviving our former inti- macy. She told me of her plans for the future. " Godfrey thinks," she said, " that I am going with him, to bs a burdon on bis slender means, but I have no snell inten- tion. I shall stay behind aqd turu gover- ness. Mrs. Brook can get me a place with some nice people, and I am sure after a time I shall like it very well." J tried to combat this resolution, and as I did so, led up to the subject I wishYd* so much to approach. /At length I spoke of what I had never ceased to feel for her, ' oren when 1 thought she was lost to me for ever, and asked her to be my wife» She shook her head as she answered : "It is more friendship than love, Walter. You are afraid for my future, and are thinking of old times. Toa cannot feel as you did towards me before I refused you to take a man who turned his back when misfortune overtook me, If I had the same prospects now that Iliad before -' you went away, I cannot say what might happen. As things are I should despise myself. Please speak no more of it;" and she rose and left me before I could make an effort to detain her. When I retired to rest that night, the.* incidents of the day had driven from my mind the fact that it was the 16th of .October, the night upon which, nearlV 1 half a century before, tho old miser had been found dead in the room next to mino. I was full of thoughts-which jwrein their way disquieting as auy fears «ould have been-as to what might occiirr ia the haunted chamber before the day dawned had I beeu nervous ou the point. Yet, in the renowed disappointment of tiloso hopes which had been revived in all their early intensity byf tho news that ' Blanche was free, there was one atom-of . comfort. It was evident she was touchod ' by my constaucy-by the fact that, oveo when our union seemed impossible, I had never ceased to think of her. Nay, her words had even indicated a feeling warmer than this ; and was it not possible that in time I might overcome the scruple ' which alie had almost confessed to ba the sole bar to our marriage ? There was a grain of comfort in these < reflections, aud, lover-like, I mada tho .JU&sij;^ it.as I.remained with my eyes unclosed for over au hour. I had heard t)lB^lt^ strike twelve shortly after I lay dojwn, and I was still as far from sleep as ever^hen ititrook one. At that moment M&tag;$ fooling' took possession of me, _^ and, try how I would, I could not rid my \- self of it.» I strove to think of this, that, aud the other,, of the, subject of which I j ; had already bes£ thinking so much, of 1 my residence in India, of(ny voyage, thence, aud tho various incidents ot the" passage-i-auythiog to disengage my mind'" [ from the singulay idea which disturbed it. .-jjt'Wgs to no purpose, for in Bpi te. of all I could do, the feeling .was every instant becoming stronger.- u- I sat up in bed' And listened. No, not the faintest sound not so mach as a mouse would make be- hind the old wainscot-a silence.' ia« un- broken aa that of death itself ; I dislike a light at night/ and the darkness was as . complete as the silence. I sought to pierpe it as I looked towards the door of the inner room : but, unassisted even by the faint gleam which might have found its.iwjàythrough the window had the ^eavy curtains not been closely drawni;I \- -jBpula not penetrate its absolute blackness., i^PieV'ï listened again, with hearing strained io catch the slightest noise ; but with the same result as before. Yet I felt surg, seek howX would to regard the tbèuJKÔnfei»-nie»'ô-*bsùrdity, that- there was^aoiBone ¿u-tue-inoer room: '-*" -It-is-eurious that up to this point I had' ?not-rectitt^^ the night of \ the 16th of October. Suddenly it flashed . upon infpfrhd as it did so, a sensation ' nearer atónito terror iban any I had eyer ; experienced overcame mo, and I dreaded : lessjuotne hideous;' phantom should reveal ' itsdf ti>4iiy.feyeer But I am not consti- tutionally timid. Previously, indeed, I had given,/upon-more! than one occasion, ;. prooflthatiï ^ossessejl at least average ' steadiness of nerve. < ^be&t;'Soon.passed, off. I rose deter j rni^d] »|glt^4i>tlbi8 chimera and con- vince myself of its unreality by inspect- * ? lng the room. I trusted-- having once \- satisfied .jpyself by this means, j» return ' pillia mote -composed mind, and pass the i^&tndtooof;^he^ nurht in sleep, ;2 was j about to^alÊrik^B ¿ ligh't,lwlien,. happening ! ouce|n^bre^o turn my>eyes towards the: i door before mentioned, I now thought ' that I perceived a fajnt gleam through j a chink at the bottom-30 faint, indeed, ' ' that it might be a mere- delusion. I went, j i a steff4r^é «loser.-. Yes, undoubtedly ! thert Jrk0?j^^ ; the apefrareT 1 advanced a few more ' steps, and laid my hand upon the'knob of \- the door. ' With the impulse I felt to suddenly throw the door back and con- front whatever might boon the other side \ of it, I also experienced a reluctance to do so. This time it was not fear ; I can . not describe what it Was. Again I. listened. The; grave itself was not more sîloht than was everything 'about me. The room was warm-for :the fire which had Jbeen-kindled hasyonly i'ust gone out-yeti "T became Void' from." tead to foot; the very heart within, rae 8e%jned:3uráed ^itill, thel hand 'which'' in my hesitation I kept on the door was as steady and free from tremor as if the situation had been one off the most .ordinary occurrence. How long I stood 'thus motionless I cannot say. It seemed to "me several minutes, but it was pro- bably not more than one. < Then I 'softly -turned the handle and. opened the.do jr an. ~* Inch or two. * ' c'* -iC"'- "" " " " ^-TSTOldTBïtrno longerbe deceived as to' .ibo route. The opening was too narrow for me to see much of the interior of the room. Situated as the door was, only a «mall angle of it was visible, but within ... that space stood a chair and an old screen that had boen folded and placed against the wall. I could see thèse objects dis- tinctly, yet- the light in which they were revealed was not a bright, but a dim one . -a pale, phosphorescent gleam. '.'Gradu- ally I pushed the door back, and gradu- ally there came into view one or two pieces of old furniture and a fragment of old, moth-eaten tapestry, which covered a few feet of the opposite wall. Another step and I was within the room, and was hr about to glauce all. around it, when my eyes were arrested by a Bight that riveted their gaze. , Hear the tapestry I have mentioned stood an old writiug-table, and before" it, seated ia « high-backed chair, waa a strange figure. When 1 became con- vinced that the ronni was not in darkness, and that all which had happened to me was no mere trick of the imagination, but ono of those mysterious warnings such as will at times come to us when some uu forseen thing is about to occurr, it had flashed upou me that possibly some thief had entered through the window of this empty room, which afforded a means of access to the rest of the house. , But th 3 figure £ uow beheld was not that of any midnight ruffian ; it was that of an old mau, with thin grey locks, surmoun- ted by a black velvet scull-cap, and with a frame bent by age. His face was par- tially towards me as he rested his elbow on the table, with his head upon Iiis hand and lils eyes fixed wpm the ground. He was dressed in au old-fashioned coat of brown cloth, with waistcoat aud trousers of the same material and -colour, very worn and rusty. His withered face was pallid to the lips, and tho- wrinkled hand which lay upon the arm of the chair was as white as marble. Presently he raised his «yes, and as their glance passed over me I felt an indescribable shock, though they gave no sign that he was conscious bf my presence. A dreadful suspicion as to the true character of this strange intruder came upon nie. Had the thought of escaping îrbin a sight which filled me with horror occurred to me, I could no&~have acted upon it, for I liad not the power tb move. -Had I attempted to utter a cry that should have broken the profoujtid ' silence and tho spell which rooted ine to the spot, jt. Would have "been in Vain, for my ton- gue' Would have refused the office. It /wits the helplessness of a nightmare, in which - the dreamer can -neither7 Stir nor 'speak, and yet froni the-time I had entered my bedroom until the' moment then pr&sent; I had not closed'an eye.?' .-, Afc length tho old man left the chair, j ¿«tm without makiûg tho 'ßüghtöst' ßoutid. i joying to where thc, old ,4aj^tï^ ' hung, ! L fie"hold" it' aside wita one hand,; jwhile, I kneeling down, líe placed the other upon the aucient black wainscot beneath. He I had'scarcely touched itwhen" he suddenly 1 rëBçraud turning rpnudwith a wild j^CAÙè .stare.Jipan,his ghastly, featur.es, raised his.anns above .his bead. For an instant be was-motionless as -a statue, ' then he staggered and fell. byes Were fixed en the prostrate form as it faded from my sight.! The light faded with it, aud I was alone with the dark- ness. ..-».. . ' I groped my way hkefcito^ bed, and [ sank into a heavy sleep; When I -woke, it was broad day. Iroso, aud drawing the window curtafoW let: itt^he cheerful. I light of a bright October morning. ' With the passing of. night JL might have felt disposed to regari! th»; whole líiág as ah: unpleasant dream', oui; the* sight of the door, .which I had omitted to close, and' which was therefore standing open, would have banished this idea. What was I to think ? A bel ¡of iii any ordinary, com tnonplace superstition Was not only out of date, but was opposed») -thecharacter of "my mind aud education j still I could not" ayoid the, conclusion that I had been broad awake. At breakfast I made no allusion to tho subjecti but after thc meal iras concluded, ? J took Stanford apart aud told him every- thing. At "first he" laughed, but B'eeiog that I was perfectly desirous, he said : "My dear fellow, these thiugs are always to be oxplaimed-. without trespass- ing on the boundsvpf the supernatural. This was no doubt the result of your con- dition, and the tales you have heard about tho room. I hope," he added with a smile,' " that the time may come when I shall be able to entertain you as my guest without putting you so near the apart- ment oecunied_by the family ghost." . M Gpdfrey," said Î, " I am no doubt going to be very absurd. I know you will laugh at ine ; though"; tki s ? may admit of some natural explanation, I bavé a curious feeling in connection with it?' Will you' come "Into the room with me rl . V Certainly." . , 'Thither he went at once, Stanford threw back the shutters, opened the win- dow, ¿nd let in a full flood of daylight and fresh air. rjr ** tTpón my word," lie remarked, as he iooked-öut' öf the^ 7fltt*gárdéñ7"1"ltls too! bad of my respected grandfather to appro- priate this room." " Stanford," aaid I, " will yon hold this1 tapestry backP" . I had taken a ruler from the table, and he smiled as 1 commenced to tap tho old oak pannelltng that ran along the lower part of the wall, but when, I came to a.| certain spot his coúhtenáñce chsiged. ,j ' "By Jove r*'he cried, "that sounds j ?rather hollow !" ' j "That," I answered, "is the spot where the old man I saw in-in my- dream, if you will, placed his hand." Stanford paused a moment, and then said : " This is very strange. Though there may be nothing in itj we will investigate lt further. It this panel is a movable one, there is probably some secret way of opening lt, but we might try for a year without discovering it." So he at once sent for the village car penter, who soon arrived with a bag of ? tools. Meanwhile lie said nothing, even to his wife, for neither of us carod to in cur the ridicule which might have fol- lowed such a proceeding as ours, if noth- ing came of it. We took the man privately into the room, and Stanford said : " Richards, I want the panel removed, so that it can be replaced with as little appearance as possible of having been taken out." Richards found it no easy task to accomplish on the tough old wainscot, but at length he managed it, while he stood by, anxiously waiting to see what would be revealed. " Tiiere's a hole hore, sir," he said, as he removed the piece of oak board. " Anything in it, Richards ?" Stanford asked carelessly. " Yes, sir ; hore be something." As he spoke he pulled out a japanned tin box, similar to those used by solicitors for keeping documents in. He placed it on the table Stauford looked at me, and I at him ; but for a moment neither of us Said any- thing. Then he whispered: "If the key of this box belonged to my grandfather, it was lost long ago; There is nothing for it but to break it open; but I'll have old Ketridge here Aral." . He left the room, and in a few moments returned with Ketridge and Brook also. They had evidently received no hint at to the meaning of the summons,, and Brook when ho saw the carpenter and the broken panel, wore a look of astonishment and curiosity ; but Mr. Ketridge's steady old busiuess face betrayed no feeling of the kind, nor did it alter ia the least from its habitual expression-of taking every- thing as a matter' of bourse. It twas to him Godfrey spoke. Mr. Ketridge," he said, "a very cur lo us thing has happened. Trpreluon had .reason to suspect the existence ot a secret compartment behind the wainscot of this room.' We have made an examination, and found this box"-placing his hand on it " It is to you, sir, that-I naturally tum for advice in connection with such a matter. What am I to do next?" " My dear boy," replied the old gentle- man,. «*? the next thing tobe done» simple. Open the box,' amrf se whatfô"contains." «' Richards," said Godfrey, *. burst the lid. ** Now¿ sir?' lie -went on, when the lock had been forced and .severa", bundles of paper were revealed,'ft you will bp sd good as to examine these P" Mr; Ketridge quietly adjusted his spec- tacles, and began to comply with god- frey's request. - Af ter glancing through the^first two bundles, he laid them asido, and said, while he cohtinued the inspec- tion. -.'*'"£ never saw your grandfather, God- frey, but I hare always heard tliat he was a very curions person, given te all sorts nf secret and mysterious courses about trifling matters iu regard to which such Conduct was altogether needless and un- meaning. This confirms what I have heard. These papers are, so far, of in- terest to ho one. Receipted bills, ? old letters and memoranda, such ns might have been btiriièd or placed in any ordi- nary receptacle; instead pf being hidden behind a Secret panel.. It is extraordinary what pleasure some men take in "-¡-* ! I was watching the old lawyer narrow-; ly. While speaking, he was glancing'at tho third bundle, which- seemingly an- swered the description he had given of the proceeding ones, for ne threw it aside , indifferently. The next thing that came to hand was a blue paper, folded neatly and tied with red tape. As he untied, and looked at it, he. broke off in what he was saying, and perfect as was his com- mand of features, I saw that his counten- ance changed. He soon regained his composure. "Godfrey," he said, "most of these papers are trivial and unimportant, but it -might he as well that we should look at jihemclpser.*' *' Despite his measured tone and Collec- ted manner everyone saw that fie had something to say of more moment than his words implied. At his suggestion we went to the library, the km h$ing carried there. "Godfrey," he said, «as soon a* we were seated, '? Ido not wish, to raisp hl>pes which may, after all, be dk^p^pmtyd, yet," he went on, as be once more, draw forth the paper I have mentioned, " I do not see how there can be any doubt «bout, the matter. Godfrey, yon have borne: bad fortune BO Well, that 1 hópa^this psper may bring you good fortune. It is my opinion that your grandfather never destroyed the will by which your rather would have inherited Galton Manor, but that this is the very document." Such a piece of unexpected intelligence seemed to dtako Godfrey's breath away.» At last he said, in a somewhat unsteady voice, as he-held ont his hand : * May I look at it P" "One moment. Permit me first to Yes," he continued, after once more look- ing through it, " I see no reason to doubt it. Tour grandfather died on the 16th September, 1815. This will, which ia un- questionably his, is dated three months bofore. It is in my father's handwriting, and X know it was the last he made. ?The one under whieh your uncle inherited was dated a year earlier. Your grand- father,, as you know, was found dead iu tho roora we have just left the morning after we came here with the intention of destroying this will, in order thal the pre- vious one might take effect. It is clear that he either changed iiis mind, or died suddenly before he accomplished his pur- pose. Anyhow, the result will be to re- pair tile injustice that has been dono to you." Old Mr. Ketridge rose, and as he handed the paper to Stauford, shook him by the hand.' " Godfrey," he said, " I congratulate you on a promise of good fortune of which I see no reason to doubt the fulfil- ment." All came about as ho predicted. God- frey's father was proved to have boen true heir to the estate which his brother had enjoyed iu his place, but which now had to be restored to his son. But though his uncle's will was powerless to dis- possess him,- Godfrey respected tho ..one which had been made in his own favour so far as to make over to his sister the sum of money which would have been .hers in virtue of it. Even had he not doue so, -1 believe I should ultimately have overcome the scruples which inter- fered with her acceptance of me. As it was, directly after the case was settled, I became the Jbappy mau I had so long hoped to be'. '? - . "-? .' As to ¿he light in which to regard the circumstance which led to the discovery of the will, I am as mach at sea as ever. Was the whole thing mere fancy P Did, on the other hand, the spirit of old Tal- boys Stanford really return to earthy to haunt the spot where.death had anticipa- ted the accomplishment of his purpose, either in fruitless endeavour to fulfil it, or else with the. wish to repair the injury he had: done to Godfrey's father F As I have, already said, 1 can arrive at no satisfactory conclusion on this point; so there is one question which 1 must con- tinue to ask myself, whenever the subject recurs to my mind-namely, " Was it a dream?" 