SPORTING NEWS SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURNE. By ' Nunqcaic Dokuio.' Melbourne, September 20. CRICKET. Oar Victorian delegates are away in Syd ney attending the first meeting of the Aus tralian Cricket Council, which has definite ly decided to forward the eighth Australian Eleven to England next year (1893). under tb & management of Mr. Victor Cohen, of New South Wales. That excellent author ry ' Miden,' of the Leader, has a special article in hist Saturday's Age in reference to the proposed visit, and in one portion thereof he discourses as follows : — ' From the present time until the final selection of the team, its personnel will be a subject of continual discussion in the colonial cricket world, and considerable difference of opin ion will exist as to whether W. L. Murdoch, J. J. Ferris, S. M. J. Woods and F. K. Spof forth should be played for Australia in the event of any one or all of them being wil ling to do so. Spofforth, however, appears to hare retired from first class cricket, and as Woods has so long been identified with English cricket, he may not be asked to join the colonial combination, but as Ferris and Murdoch are likely to be invited, the propriety of including them may be appropriately discussed at the present time. Personally I am strongly of opinion that their inclusion in the team, much as it would be desired on account of their skill as players and popularity as private individuals, would be most unsatis factory. My contention is that although an Australian cricketer temporarily sojourn ing in England on business or pleasure, or an Australian student at an English school or college, might reasonably be played by an Australian team visiting England, the case is quite different respecting Murdoch and Ferris. They have both lived in England for two years for the avowed purpose of becoming residm tially qualified to appear 86 English county players. Ferris has played this sea son for Gloucestershire and for the Gentle men of England, and Murdoch is to act as captain of tie Sussex county team next season. Could anything be more incon gruous than for Ferris to play for Australia say at Lord's one day and for Gloucester shire or the Gentlemen of England at the Oval on the next, or the colonials to take the field with the captain of Sussex county at their head ? The position would be most unsatisfactory, and whatever victories the Australians gaintd in first class matches would certainly be robbed of their glory in a very great measure by the inclusion in the team of one or both of those famous exponents of the game, whe bave, unfor tunately for Australia, become to all in tents and purposes English cricketers.' With regard to the representatives to be selected the eame writer says : — ' As there will be no necessity to finally select the team until afterall the intercolo; ial matches have been played, I need at the present time go no further than to say that if Blackham, Bruce. M'Leod, Trott, Turner, Bannerman, Moses, G. Giffen, and Lyons can all go a powerful team could be completed by the addition of the best four chosen from Gre gory, Ross, Worrall, Callaway, Coningham, Donnan, Haddrick, Charlton, Trumble, Eady, Vautin, Sideboltotn, Savigny, Gate house, Jarvis and O'Hanlon. I heartily congratulate my genial friend, Victor Cohen, upon being elected by the represen tatives of the three colonies to manage the team, and the Australian Cricket Council upon having put the right man in the right place. When the dapper manager finds himself on some bright May nnrainp stroll ing beneath, those er md old English trees in Sheffield Park, and watching the fairy fountains and artificial cascade;, bubbling and dashing over ornate rockeries, he will realise that there are beauty spats in the old country worthy of comparison even with ' our harbor.' With regard to the proposed cricket in vasion of Britain in 1893, 1 must decline to believe in its advisableness. Unless we can send a thoroughly representative team we will not only be defeated but disgraced. We cannot play those Australians now in England, aid how are we going to nil their places? Australia only gained its proud position in the world of cricket through producing such wonders as Spof forth, Turner, Murdoch and Ferris. Now Jack B'ackham and Alec. Bannerman are getting old, and without George Giffen we wouldn't have the ghost of a show. The idea is altogether 'too previous.' Dr. W. G. Grace has promised the team a ?* warm reception.' No doubt ; just abont as ' warm** as the surly-burly one can serve it up to them. FOOTBALL. Although there is another Saturday for premiership honors, the positions on tie subjoined list can hardly be affected; of a certainty nothing can disturb the first three:— 1, Essendon; 2, Fitzroy; 3, Gee long ; 4, Carltdn ; 5, Melbourne ; 6, South Melbourne; 7, Richmond; 8, St. Kilda; 9, Port Melbourne; 10, Footscray; 11, North Melbourne; 12, Williamsto wn ; 13, CoUingwood. ? 