The Chicago Exhibition. The Chicago Exhibition Commission Beems to be in a fair way, if the tax payers do not ?watch it, of getting rid of a good amount of money before any one knows exactly what has been done. Re membering: the achievements of Mr. Oscab Meter, the gentleman who captivated Sir Heney Parkes by the celerity with which he could talk foreign languages and pack cases, the public should be wary of Exhibition Commissioners. The present batch have it is true dropped a proposal -which they for a time entertained of sending to America busts of Australian statesmen. But despite this modesty, which must be deeply felt by our late Premier and several orna ments of the Parliamentary benches, a stop has not been altogether put to ex travagance. One of the latest proposals 1b for the opening of a mineral suspense account of £4500 to purchase a suitable quantity of silver, copper, and tin to adorn a show case or show cases. The commissioners ask for a suspense account instead of an absolute appropriation, because it is almost a matter of certainty that metal exhibits will sell readily, and, it may 'be, even at a considerable profit. As for the profit we . are doubtful, but that part of :' toe expense of the metals can Tie recovered ;? is likely enough. Suspense accounts, how v ever, must not be made the order of the \- (day, or else those who advance the money k -will Buffer suspense of the most painful K.^uid. The American protective tariff ', Is likely to interfere with the sale of most '%. commodities. Even if there be some dis C^ensation in favor of actual exhibits, 'buyers will not much want small experi mental lots in some line of goods which heavy duties will prevent their following up. There is really a good deal of absurdity in two countries which 'are endeavoring to. build Chinese walls of tariff round themselves and against each other -r-we refer to New South Wales and America— appoint- ing commissioners to inspect each other's products. The only explanation of such a course must be that there is on the part, even of its most ardent votaries, a lurking consciousness that protection is somehow or other not a sound and per manent system. Our Exhibition Commis sioners for Chicago seem inclined, too, to be abBurd in detail aB well as in principle. They propose to send Mr.' Alexander Bruce, the Chief Inspector of Stock, to assist the Executive Commissioner ia connection, not with stock, be it observed, but with the wool exhibits ; and for the classifica tion of Australian wools the Executive Commissioner proposes to appoint an American, expert because ' such a special knowledge of the American market as would be found in a high-class local specialist could not possibly be Sound . even among the skilled classers 'engaged in the industry in Sydney.' Most people would think that the knowledge of the local Chicago specialist concerning the market he has to classify for would be more than counterbalanced by his comparative lack of acquaintance with the material he would have to classify. We should not catch Americans humbly seeking the services of an Australian expert to classify any American produc tions sent to Sydney, and of all things they may exhibit at Chicago Australians do not want to exhibit incom petency. The idea of an American classi fier should be dismissed otherwise, to slightly vary an old proverb, exhibitors may go with wool and come home shorn, at least of all reputation for business capacity. The opening of the trial of Deeming has, in the strangeness of some of the revela tions in connection with it, been in keep ing with the previous phases of that ex traordinary ease. The statement as to the visits of Deeming' s dead mother to her son's bedside is one of the most curious of these. Whether it be, as is contended by the medical witnesses who have been heard in his behalf, a hallucination, or, on the other band, 6imply a cunning' piece of invention to support the theory of his insanity, it is equally sensational in its character. It is, however, in Bomewhat remarkable agree ment with an account of Deeming furnished specially to the Etenxno News by Mrs. Taft, of Sydney, in whose house Deeming lodged just after what ia believed to have been his first arrival in this city. It will be remembered by our readers that Mrs. Taft's chief reason for getting rid of Deem ing was that he used to terrify lier by rushing down stair3 and declaring that he had seen ghosts in his room. Mrs. Taft, as will also be remembered, had apparently very little doubt that the ghost story was, for what ever purpose, a trumped up one, and that her queer lodger was mainly bent on frightening her. In fact she had evidently made up her mind as firmly aB the Crown Prosecutor in Melbourne now has, that Deeming's ghostly visitant was in a most literal sense non est. So far as we are aware, that incisive critic, Max O'Rell, has not yet said anything about John Bull as a, money-lender. This is, however, a character in which, the average Britisher exhibits some remark able traits, straining at stock exchange gnats and swallowing camels pretty well every day of his life. He will, for example, with the most serene confidence, lend his money to the turbulent and revolutionary states of South America, with small prospect of seeing either prin cipal or interest again, and at the same time fight shy of Australian debentures, which axe among the safest investments in the world. Englishmen themselves have often remarked this peculiarity of the British capitalist. One of them has, in a letter to to a Sydney correspondent, penned the following observations : What fortunes people with loose cash could make in the colonies now ! It does seem scan dalous that with the millions of money being wasted here over bubble companies and frauds that the colonies cannot easily raise a few millions for remunerative works. Last year's statistics show that .£40,000,000 were literally chucked away here, and yet Sydney and Melbourne can't borrow a couple of millions under 4£ per cent. Then, what's the good of good crops and clips if you can't sell them? Look at the rejoicing a short time ago over the wool clip. What's the result ? Twenty per cent. drop. Itf s simply sickening1. For the time being everything seems upside down. It will right itself, again, how ever, for those who can wait. Our brilliant visitor, Max O'Rell, must have had the fact brought home to him last night — though, doubtless, not by any means for the fir6t time— that a man's best recommendation is him self. His appearance on the lecture platform has certainly not falsified the idea^ which, people here have previously had of him from reading his books. Most of us will probably be disposed to agree on the whole with that ' leading journalist of America,' whose summing up of American opinion regarding the merits of the author of ' John Bull and his Island' waB obligingly reprinted in the programme leaflets supplied to the audience which greeted Max O'Rell at the Centenary Hall. But, by-the-bye, ? one's respect for that ' leading journalist ' would not have been lessened if, in his eulogium on the distinguished French humorist, he had confined himself to the vernacular and had not dropped into Biich Very ques tionable French as 'nom deplume.' Indeed the opportunity is not an inappropriate one for asking Max O'Rell whether the expres sion** is a lawful French one at alL Is there not a story of an Englishman, who happened to use ' nom deplume1' in an article which lie contributed for translation to a Paris newspaper, and who Is said to have puzzled the entire staff with the strange phase? It was printed as written at last — according to the yarn — but with the explanatory remark in brackets expression atiglaise. But, at any rate, the case of an English writer who talks of a nom de plume 1b not q,uite aafcad, Itiito be presumed, as for example, that, of the person of whom Max O'Rell tells in one of his books, and who announced himself as ** * Mons.* — — . — -, professor of the French language.' In using , that ridicu lous abbreviation of monsieur, this remark able professor, as the same excellent authority adds, merely ' published a certificate of his ignorance.' This per haps may serve as a hint to the printers of all theatrical programmes in Sydney, and teach them to give ' Mons ' a wide berth. The discovery in France of a parcel of dynamite among the coals of an en gine tender shows what wicked lengths the anarchists are prepared to go to against inoffensive people — people even whom they cannot know. The wreckage of an engine by means so sudden and violent as a dynamite explosion might, and probably would, kill numbers of ordinary working class folk, and yet, as long as terror i-s struck into their enemies, the anarchists can regard this con sequence of their plots with per fect equanimity. It is said that during the American civil war there was a proposal to introduce into the U.S. coal stores some blocks made in imitation of coal and filled with gunpowder, so that when this sham fuel eventually found its way into the furnaces of warships the vessels might be destroyed. The Southern leaders, even in their extremity, would, however, have nothing to do with this mur derous scheme. It has remained for the ' most advanced' school of political thought to descend to savagery from -which those responsible for the conduct of a desperate war recoiled, and to attain, the depth of infamy only previously reached by Thomassin, the German dynamiter, who endeavored to -wreck steamers for the sake of insurance money. The announcement that our recent visitor Mr. H. M. Stanley is to run as a Liberal Unionist candidate at the next general election in Great Britain shows that the explorer of Africa is, now Ms fame is established, quite ready to avow the British nationality that he at one time appeared disposed, to sink in favor of America. As for his candidature, it comes, like his pro British enthusiasm, rather late. When he first returned from the Emin expedition everyone would have been disposed to feel proud of the man who, beginning with an education in Flint work house (Wales), had raised himself to world-wide renown. But since then the scandals about the rear column and- the disputes with Major Barttletot's relatives have raised a strong anti-Stanley feeling. 