A GHOST IN THE FORETOP. TOLD BY A MAN BEFORE THE MAST, Although I am known by the name of 44 Lying Mube,” I vouch for the truth of the following varn, only begging landsmen to re* member that truth is often stranger than fiction. In the year 1861 I sailed from Liverpool in the Witching Syren for San FranciBco with a general cargo. I don’t know that the crew on this occasion differed much from the usual crew of the Syren ; but there was certainly one man who differed very much from all the mess* mates we ever had. This was “Woeful Bill” —at least, we called him by thatname—his real name on the chip's roll was William Spikcy. He always looted struok-of-a-houpiBh like; wouldn’t associate with any of us ; and wa* constantly pacing the darkest part of the ship, muttering and arguing some point with himself. Tiis we didn’t care for, and I was chosea to what you landsmen call “ interview1’ him, and get to know what the deuce was the matter with him. We rather pitied him than other* [ wise, hecausewe thought he was suffering from some terrible misfortune. Well, one night I drew alongside Bill, who was just then in a very lively argument with himeelf. 1 began by asking him what cargo he had in his mind, where he was bound for, etc. It was a dark night, with a pretty stiff ’an blowing. After I had bothered him a good bit without getting any reply, he suddenly stopped short and hissed in my port earholo—“Tm a murderer I** Every hair stood on my head os stiff as a marlin’ spike, and every one of my old timbers shivered; hut after getting breath a bit 1 began to talk to him. The upahut was this: On his last voyage he had pushed a mate over* bjord daring a storm. Why did he do it? The * man and Bill had fought a day or two before, and the mate hsd given Woeful Bill a good thrashing; that’s all. I reported to my comrades, keeping aecret, out of pity for Woeful Bill, the fact that he had “intentionally” pushed the man over 44 Well, we soon all forgot this little incident, for the weather-began to bs stitfish directly we got into blue water, and wc had quite enough to do without thinking about Woeful Bill. Nick Benson came To us one night, looking steered, and told us he had heard an unearthly voice Tromvne-iortnup euv^u^, *• x—i— We all laughed at Nick, and the matter dropped for a day or t.wo, though, dash me if I could get it out of my head ; and I noticed the others gave the foremast as wide a berth as possible after nightfall. Nick Benson came to us again one night just after eight belle (midnight), and told u* the sime yarn. This timo he looked properly struck of a heap. We had a regular confabula tion about it, and we all agreed to assemble next night at eight bells round the foremast. .TuBt as the eighth bell sounded, by the living Jingo ! a weird voice.cried out “Look out, below!” It wasn’t a whisper, either. Every man’s hair rose straight up, except the bo3uu*8, who was baldheaded, you know. Meantime, the skipper must have been giving orders, for down he coineB from the poop in a devil of a tantrum, usiug any amount of bad language. The bosun explained matters, and the skipper called us a pack of demented jackasses. It’s not nico to be rated a jackass, but a demented jackass was too bad, and I’m afraid we used eome bad lan guage about it. The same thing took place every night, till wo all felt quite besniggered. Ae sure as eight bells went, the strange voice would shout from the forctop— 44 Look out, b&low; !” Every man Jack refused to go aloft. The skipper called the bosun, and says he— 4‘ Bosun, you’ve sailed with mo above a voy age or two. Now, what do you call this?” (meaning the refusal of the men to go aloft). “ I calls it a ghost, sir,” said the bosun. 44 (Jhost be hanged, sir; I call it mutiny on the high seas!” roared the skipper. 44 But I’ll settle this thing; bosun, tomorrow night muster all hauds at tho foremast before eight bells—all hands, mind.” Accordingly, just 1 e'o:e eightle‘lsn«x night we had all mustered at the foremost. The skipper and first officer had loaded revolvers. The ship’s roll was called, and every one answered except the man at the wheel. Just as the eight bells began to sound* I saw the skipper and first officer raise their barking iroua to cover the foretop; but the strange voice, more energetic than ever, cried out: 44 Look out below!” It was a caution. The ghost was evidently getting rather vexed. Our knees simply knocked together like so many weaving machines. The fikipper then roared out: And down upon the deck, with a tremendous crash from the foretop, dropped a long iron bound box or locker. Indeed, Nick Benson says to this day it was a coffin. As soon as the box touched the deck its lid fiew open, showing that it was empty. Now, I had seen the jkipper when our ship was breaking under us :>n a reef of rocks, but he never quailed ;rbut when this box came dowu he juat looked a bit 3keered, hut only.for a minute. Ho said: 44Now, men, this box has evidently come for a cargo. There’s some skunk aboard the Witchiug Syren. I’ll get in and see if it’s for So saying, he got in. Then the first officer :;ot in, and so on until every man jack had been in the box. 44B-isun, who's at thu wheel?” “ Woeful Bill, sir.” 44 Relieve him, and fetch him here.” As soon as Woeful Bill saw the box, and the skipper told him to get in, he drew his knife and put himself in fighting attitude, threatening to do for anybody who came near him; but the Bkipper kept quite cool. Covering Woeful Bill with his revolver, he said : 441 am commander of this ship. I will give you three minutes’ grace; if you don’t get into that box, which we have all boen in, I’ll shoot you dead as a rattan.” Woeful Bill paused a bit, and then seemed reckless; ho got into the box in a jiffey. As soon as ho was inside, the hd of the box came down with such a crash that wo thought every timber in the ship was shivered. As true os 1 live, Father Neptune boarded us at that moment, seized tho box by the handle with one baud, and jumped overboard with it. We never saw Woeful Bill again. 