THE PARABLE OF THE ACACIA MELANOXYLON (THE BLACKWOOD TREE). [By PHIL.] Lo I stand uncared for in the forest, even the forest through which the Gordon River courses, and take up my parable on behalf of self and congeners in this and other solitudes of the western wilderness. Our friends and oft time associates of the cedar family, erroneously called pines, yclept severally Dacrydium Franklinii and the brothers Arthrotaxis, Selaginoides, and Cupressoides, with their infant sister Laxifolia, wish me to convey their greeting to all and sundry, and to speak for them at this juncture in the humble hope that my words perchance may drop into the good soil of good minds, as seeds of our kingdom do in the natural ground germinate, and attain healthy development in order to bless all to whom we are useful, more especially those of our native land. Such was and is the purpose of the Great Infinite in placing us here to grow and multiply, and in adapting us and climatic and other conditions to each other. Personally I am aged, and the first signs of coming decay are perceptible between my sturdy spur supports, also among some of my Umba ; shortly I am over ripe, and if now harvested and put to tho uses I was in- tended for by the ¡beneficent, contain under my scarred and weather-beaten bark about 4,000 super, feet of sound, magnificently grained timber of a rich walnut and maho- gany combination tint, fit for the furniture and internal fittings of palace, bank, man- sion, club, oathedral, or sumptuous modern steamship, ol' any of the hundred purposes where elegance, strength, and durability are essentials in cabinet work. Decay in this wet ferest is comparatively rapid, hence if I am not taken soon and put to use, in very few years it will be too late, and Tasmania will lose what mightjnow be gained by me. Again I have served my purpose in the forest at a consistent vegetable, performing all the functions I waa created for, absorbing carbon, attracting rain, taking part in all the com- plex processes in the chemistry of Nature ; and am now in the way and a hindrance to the growth of younger trees about, which require my room to satisfactorily attain perfection in their turns. Though speaking as an individual, I represent thousands of trees in like condi- tion, and I wish you who are accustomed to make computations to reckon the loss the country will sustain if I and all these are allowed to go back to original dust and gases unutilised. If I am cut down I be- come, first a means of livelihood and profit to the forester and his family, and through him to all with whom ho deals for food, clothing, tools, appliances, and other wants ; next to the ship people and all with whom they do business; then to those who will convey me to the sawmill ; next to the saw miller, merchant, cabinet- maker, or builder, and so on through countless ramifications. Should I be sent to another country I will benefit this no less, for I will pay for some commodity morn needed than myself, which must be paid for otherwise if I am left to decay in the forest. I am aged, I observed. It may afford you interest to know that I was well on towards being a matura tree in the clouded past, when the cry of the expatriated bondman went up to high Heaven for vei.geanco on, or deliverance from his official taskmaster and oppressor, tho British Simon Legree, who starved, worked, ironed, und flogged his helpless suffering body, filled the voids of his heart with a despair that knew no hope or desire save that engendered by deadliest hatred; wrecked hie intellect by cruel immurements in dark, cold dun- geons, where no Bound from without could penetrate, nor his ravings, pleadings, or maledictions be heard from within, and damned his soul, according to regulations to that intent made and provided by impelling him to foul murder, seeking thus thej satis- faction of the lost, or, through execution or Buicidc, that oblivion and relief from indignity and torment ¡mposaibto beneath the luring skies o'er Macquirie Harbour whilst soul and body were united. Ah, me ! 'tis past, and well it is so ; but surely the day of reckoning must form a dread outlook for Legree and his myrmidons, j Waa it not Dudley who inscribed the name IANE all over the walls of hi« Tower cell indelibly with his knife, BO that you of the nineteenth century can read your his- tories and then go and see the verification of one item in this rude graving by a hand directed by a heart? On my moss, grown trunk there is alao a name cut deep through the bark into the sapweod, and a cross, both long since fluted by the growth of years, and well nigh scaled over. It is JESU : and the poor wretch who cut them with almost his last strength, died soon after of starvation and exposure in the fork of a near tree he climbed to escape the rising waters which overflowed and remained a height of 10ft. above the soil my roots rest in, cutting off both his advance and retreat. The tree long since baa decayed and fallen, and deposited ita ghastly burden where fallen, and drift, leaves, and branches and silt comoinea co givo ic ruao sepulture. His was the last human voice I heard (the first also) until recently, when two foresters sought the partial shelter the lee of my trunk affords, and whilcd the storm by detailing and discussing the visit of your present Governor, the member of Parlia- ment, and Bovcral other distinguished and undistinguished persons of the party. The burden of tho conference was shop, viz., the timber industry from tho forester's new point, relating more particularly to the vocation amongst tree« of my species and the pines. "Imprimis" said the blackwood man, " the splendid genius of tho inventor of the name ' blaekwood ' for this superb description of timber, second only to tho beat Queensland and Now South Wales cedar, anti Honduras mahogany, its figured trees being equal to either, should be perpetuated in somo fitting manner, say by linking his name with that of tho man who devised tho ingeniouB scheme of raising revenue by the infliction of an almost prohibitive license on thoso de- sirous of turning these items of the country's natural products to account. The license to deposit blackwood is £2 per man per month \- £24 per annum - and ¡B continuous, whether work is poasiblo or not. For ex- ample, the forester cannot go with axo and saw through the wilds seeking and felling suitable trees, and logging them ready for removal until ho haa a sufficiency for a cargo, then suspend his liconoo until tho lot is brought to the river and shipped. No I he must pay tho £2 euch monthly for himself and mates continuously for thorc ia no stop unless ho chooses to forfeit timber laying cut, but which a flooded country, delay of ship's arrival or other circumstance compels him to leave in tho bush or at a landing." I am only a tree, of course, therefore wooden headed ; but I indulge in the conceit that my wooden head carries more practical intelligence in it than do those of your brilliant governing heads whose notions of the way to aid tho develop- ment of the country's resources in timber seem to run in the groove of taxing the in- dustry out of existence by this initial impost or license. Countries can be governed into a moribund condition instance Turkey, Egypt, Spain, ¿Portugal, Brazil, British India, and several Native States of Hindostán; and every useful industry in Tasmania on which the senseless brako of an exorbitant license is levied is being shunted towards a similar consummation. Tho public estate must bo guarded, regulated ; whether the land bo forest, carrying useful timber in situations admitting of its being turned to account, minerals, or suited for rough pasturage Granted, Revenue must bo ob- tained with which to carry on tho public business, and meet tho country's obligations. Granted again ; but a system miscalled re- gulation, that is unnecessarily irksomo, oonjoincd with a monstrously heavy tax makes this branch of the timber industry almost impossible to pursue, and is mani- festly a matter demanding immediate refor- mation. Tho business that is attenuated so as tobe but the ghost of what it could and would become if unhampered by so inucli red tape, impost, and injustice, relici of a period in tho colony's tmtory better blotted "ont. Means aro the fountain of revenue, conse- quently if it is a fact that a philandering officialdom of the past crippled a olasa of men with bone, sinew, grit aud go enough to have acquired thom-if let, the|crauk experiment- alising of the said bunglers and its miserable failuro affords all the reason why present officialdom-if straight-headed-should do vise a system under which corresponding men may have opportunity to acquire means for tho Hon. tho Treasurer to operate on. Even a troe knowe tÜát to Impoverish men in the manner oomplatned of ia analogous with tax- ing the seed in kind instead of waiting for the harvest. / ' j Tho pastoral, agricultural, mineral, Boan- j oial, meroantiloi and nearly all other interest«, I luoluding mighty beer, are at nearly as may [ be adequately represented in your ball« of i législation ; but there Is no one to lift up a voice for the forester, and advocate that he shall pursue his calling of winning the ripe j harvest of timber by hit labour, skill, and the | exercise of self-denial in the face of great hardships free from the irons now shackled on him : shortly that he shall be allowed to enrich the conntry whilst striving to enrich himself. It was owiag to auoh a remark by one of the twain availing of my shelter, and responded to by hit listening friend thus " The Press it a mightier power for good, for juatice, and for the country's interest than oven a good member amo»g the elders who sit in the gate (and frequently addle what they ought to batch, and hatch what were better smashed), and has no particular private or political axe to grind," which caused me to resolve to set my parable in order for Mr. Editor to lift, and mayhap hand to the printer, so that that the people may know something of the forest riches tiny own, but do not possess, and of the sturdy forester« whose great desire is to put the said riche« into circulation, so that they may be possessed. The area of available forest accessible, and with practicable got-away on tho Gordon watershed and other West- Coast localities, and wherein the blackwood (Oh 1 call me walnut, acacia, Austral teak, bronzewood ; anything but blackwood) and pine abound is very considerable. They grow almost invariably on flats more or less subject to flooding, . amidst a dense under- growth of ferns, vines, sword grass, giant grasstree, and scrub of tropical luxuri- ance in company with myrtles, sassafras and pinkwood trees of large size. Tho black- wood is not found In beds or clumps as a rule, bat isolated from its kind, or at most in threes to half-dozens near to one another, frequently not mors than two or three on a given nore, sometimes half a dozen acres with none. The maturo tree contales 1,800 to 2,500 super, feet of commercial timber, though occasional fine specimens are found with 3,000 or 4,000 in them. These and figurad trees are prizes. I must not tell trade secrets ; but you would be surprised at the great difference in price between 1,000ft. of sawn blackwood from the mer- chant and 1,000ft. in a log from the forester, and the forester sells freight and charges to the port of delivery, items representing fully half of what the saw miller pays him. To transport a log or whole tree, minus head, from the apot where felled to the river landing for lading is a Herculean task. First, a track has to be cleared, and if there are creeks in the route they must be bridged, for it will not do to fool with legs weighing anything between two and twelve tons in a bush where the soil, even in summer, is barely solid enough to bear thnir weight, and in winter, with no flood over it, of a porridge-like consistence. Tho track junc- tions with a branch, or the main avenue leading to the landing, and in a country where neither horses, bullocks, nor steam can be bad, human muscle and brain, with such mechanical aida as can be applied have t to be depended on. Some use crab winch and tackle, but the best thing all round is a screw jack, patented and made in Kew Zealand. With a pair of those set at an angle, a heavy log, say 40ft, long, and weighing 10 tons, can be sent on end and lifted over obstructions expeditiously. The jack is quick and powerful, and weiche I I about 56lbs. When a friendly spar root makes a sound foothold, thero ia no trouble ; but where there ia nothing of the kind, stakes and backing logs have to bo em- bedded to get a ground hold. Once fairly firm, away goes the log as fast as the screws can be run out and fleeted. You have seen a 10 or 12 ton boiler or piece of machinery taken along your solid streets, or may have seen or heard of similar things being transported to Zeehan from Remine along an execrable road, by means of heavy teams of horses. Take your gaza from these, and view two hardy foresters in a bush without the semblance of a road or sound foothold, tackling a hugo tree thus ; and with sufficient conceit - or manly determination-which? to convey it 10 or 40 ohains to the river landing. The Gordon forester workB 40 to 45 or ¡30 miles from his base of supplies-Strahan. He must, there- j fore, have hi« boat, and a good one, for Mac- quarie Harbour is a particularly rough and! treacherous sheet of water. Generally beloads I his plant and three months' stores, and saila I to isolate himself and mates for that period, but should needs be ho has the 50 miles of waterway to ro-travorae to renew communi- cation in event ef sickness, accident, urgent business, or being driven from his work ground by floods. Fifty miles of boating, whether the propelling power bo tho wind fair or foul, or 16ft. ash oars, reads easily, j To realise it, let the experimentalist mako I the trip to Recherche from Hobart, or vice j versa, and for the nonce consider there are no snug harbours by the way whero sholter and creature comforts can bo obtained, and pleasant people met with. The Ufo j is bad enough without the £2 per month I license to live it, with a bare return of ! three or four shillings per lOOfb, of I timber safely got to port ; and year in and I year out owing to floods and other hindrances j only half the time can work with £ s, d. in i it be done. I "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy " says the Divino command, issued on Sinai. " Thou shalt pay thy license " says tho Tasmanian Goverumcnt. Alas ! to obey both is not possible ; for to live at all tho forester must work Sunday as on week day if conditions are favourable. Strahan is not remarkable for being a cheap place to purchase stores at ; at any rate there is no overwhelming influx of people crowding^ it to the inconvenience of the fixed reaidents on account of low prices ruling there. This circumstance, coupled with the value of tho time and labour of tho Gordon forester spent in obtaining his sup- plies, runs his coit of living up, say, 30 per cent, higher than what tho oppressed workman of tho towns and townships lives for; and th» hardships of the life fully balance his immunity from rent charge if bis so fortunato as to be not a family man. If he is, then he must have a cottage at Strahan for Mrs. Forester and the little Foresters so as to enjoy all the privileges of paying rent, town tax, police rate, and all the other rates, including, of course, school rate. He is (that is the blackwood forester) blessed in ono item, and for that is devoutly thankful. He has no 30 column forms to fill up each month detailing where he has been cutting timber, how he likes it, if tho timber cut kindly, how much ho cut, what observations he can offer, what tho timber ho cut measured, could he match the logs and stump, the tree it was cub from if the Crown Bailiff or Conservator of Forests desired it, how much timber he lost by floods, how much he thinks there is remain- ing for the next generation, and whether, in his opinion, the last took their full sharo and religiously paid their licenses, or worked tho biz on bunts with tho -; but I cannot give all the headings, thoy aro too numerous and silly. This waste of foolscap, or demy rather, devolves on the pine cutter, whose license is £1 per month, who should bo a bettor per- former with the axe than with the pen ; but, as before noticed, pino floats (blackwood sinks), therefore for fear ho has not enough to do during flood time in collecting his timber, and sending it down upland streams to the river, or that he would cut too ¡much in fino weather for the £1 license, a con- siderate department furnishes him monthly with 8omo_72 shoota of demy elephant, ruled with 120 lines each, and columned"as abovo in order that Satan shall not find some mis- chief still, et«. Thon the poor devil has to brand a hiero- glyphic in each log end, and in the stump tho tree was cut from, and to mark the latter with its number hi red paint, and the date on which it was disunited from tho tree, take cross bearings of two woll- known trig pointa [(magnetio) clearing avenues therefor, und at his leisuro correct thom for variation, local attraction, magnetic dip, etc., and enter the same faithfully in tho column provided in tho form for the Crown Bailiff to transmit to the Conservator of Forests, who thus may chart the stumps to show intending pine-cutters whore they won't find any for the next hundred years or so. It is a pleasing and interesting spectacle te witness these faithful follows giving in their returns to the Crown Bailiff on the second Saturday of each month when the full moon falls on that day. They 'stand toeing a semicircular chalk Uno in that gentleman's inner office, and chant what they havo filled in to his Jew's harp accompaniment, This usually occupies 15 hours, if the month has been a bmy one, and makes the lingera very thirsty. But step round to Davey-street, Consorvatot'i bfftoo, .under, back stair« (generally looked up), apd ask for" a " pinera return," It is a-«nipt plaintive thing if fteliagly «nog or \--_--»--.-__-?___»?»-I chanted to the accompaniment stated. Tonf may bave a bundle for yourself to fill in by obtaining a licence-£1. You are not oom» pelled to out any pine, even though you have the license, which ia considerate, and will get paper enough to transcribe the Holy) Bible. Webster's Unabridged, and tb* Australian Handbook on, or if made up with headings cut off, it will do for a six' year- old's school course of exercise hooka; and sell for wrapping cheap butter or herring« in afterward». "Greatis Diana of tho Ephosians," anti' " Groat is red tape of the Tasmania«." Vorily. * Take it all round the plant needed by the West Coast forester costs more per man thai* what under a possible aggregation of capital would equip a first rate sawmill. The £24 license«, albeit but twelve Blips of parch* ment, ara important items, then come hie varied tools and appliances, and his boat» say altogethor £100 per man, That license is a cruel thing, for it must bo paid whether ho can work or nott As an absolute faot I átate chera aro men whose timbor, blackwood, has bee»' under water during the last two month«, and here is more rain and storm setting in, August 10, Ho must pay, or bo subjoct to the chance of losing his timbor when tho floods abato. Shortly, whether pino or blackwood, tho forester always has timber cut and lying in the bush, and it would bet only humane if the exorbitant licenses are to be perpetuated, to allow him to go before a Commissioner, as is done in the matter« ol gold and mineral claims, and if he can show reasonable cause, obtain protection exempt from charge until he can remove his timber already paid for, Bottor still, let the license be nominal, and fir a levy at per 100ft. sent out. I But I anticipate. The plain case of the foresten as set forth by those besido me on [ the dark soil is that they pay their quota of taxe« through the Customs, eta., at other« do ; but by the conditions of the localitlo« where they pursue their calling they get no return whatever in the shape of facilities either on that account or in return for tho direct payment of their licenses. In a moah remote way they benefit by the general institutions and improvements, when they happen to be in touch with thom, whioh ii seldom. Where is the necessity or justice of tho £12 or £24 per annum tax 1 Work hard, and always when practicable, they cannot, and do not earn moro than wages oven when fair to good prices rule, and ab present with a low market they are almost to a man in debt, and in tho cate of those who have to " pump and sink," whoroa» were this heavy impost lif ted they might have the alternative to " pump or sink." Thus said the chief speaker, " There is a land whero men who go forth to create wealth for the general good in extra hazard« ous situations, or where unusual hardship has to be met, receive a bounty from the State, dependent on results, I don't look for anything so millennial as that in Toe mania, but if the importance of the business is fully recognised our legis- lators ought to find no difficulty in fitting such of tho regulations as aro found to work well elsewhere, or adaptations of them to the conditions of this colony." Without doubt Kow Zealand is a pattern in this respect, and having tho natural resources, it» Legislatures havo by liberal and common sense just regulation« established a commorce in timber of world wida proportions, tho quotations re whiah aro in the cable columna of every paper. For purposes of control let thero bo a liccnao, as Tasmania is so fond of the curb chain, say, £1 per annum. Let this parchment give tho forester a right to get timber on a specified area, so many chaina on river front and BO many back. Let two or more have the right to amalgamate their areas, and register them so that the capitalist may have something tangible in. the way of security if disposed to assist tho indualry. Let it bo feasible for a dozen or mora licensees to apply for a lease conjointly, the terms to bo :-1, That liona fide work must be shown to a commissioner's satisfac- tion to be intended within a stated time, in- volving the outlay of so much capital in plant and conveniences. 2. That work shall begin at a givon data, and bo continued' throughout reasonubla time, failing which the land registered or to be leased shall bo open for any ordinary license-holder to enter upon it and work justas other forest land,, and from thenceforth be entitled to hold the aroa prescribed by his license until de forcstedof useful timber. ToAdolaidefromtho Gordon freight and charges on timber amount to about GB. 7d. per 100 super, feet. So far aa can ho ascertained there aro BÍX foresters working on the Gordon River, hut there ia room for GOO, or three times that number. " Oh !" says Mr. Wisoacro, " if you put so many on, theil- multiplied out-turn will swamp all known markets and clean tho> timber out," Nonsonsa ! Europe as yet has a« appreciable knowledge of pine o» blackwood, and the area to bo cleared out will nob be trodden over this generation. Not very long since a North-Woslorn aaw miller filled an order of 3,000,000 super, feet of blackwood for tho Victorian Government, and supplemented it later with a million more. This waa from his own land, a mere fly spot on the map compared w,ith tho Gordon forests ; and he would, I have no doubt, bo ' most happy to receive an arder for half a dozen militons moro. Kow, if this gentle- man had been in the fix of having to pay a, £2 lieenao for each mau employed Tasmania would to-day bo poorer by the price of 4,000,000ft. of timber, foi- it is of no valuo standing in tho bush. To Hobart, with a regular trade, timber could be freighted from the Gordon for two shillings to half a crown per 100ft. if squared, and thonco to England for eight more in versáis big enough to carry 1,500,000ft. Suroly £1 per 100ft. -ould bo obtained there for blackwood or pino, plain kinds. A very lucrativo trade offer?, and it is for our legislators to make it possible But surely a million and u half feet goiog r away, say monthly, will deforest even tho great Gordon watershed in time. Well in time it might, but not in our time, for with good piices and demand men will goi further back and higher up for timber than,) tlioy can now, becuusa improved methods for , transport will bo in vogue to those described earlier. No ! Such an output will not clean out the WcBt Coaat forests, whilat we have aught to do with time ; and this on the hypothesis of taxing maturo trees only. Twenty ycais hence, fifty years boneo, a hundred years hence, trees will bo in abund- ance ready for harvesting, for there they are in every stage of growth. Again, every great flood acres on acres of piue and black- wood are washed away and silted over. In steep gorges wc havo seen pines of tho temp , dating long beforo a whito face saw las* mania, bedded 10 or a dozcu deep, and strewn in hopeless tangle by the action of / the waters cutting the soil away. How much better to turn them to account thau to leave them waste. Such, Oh I men, is tho Parable of the Acacia Melanoxylon, oven the agod one that standcth in the solitary wilds yearning to bo fashioned into things useful ana beautiful, and to know that his once habitat is a busy, thriving scone, even as aro once desolate Vaucouve» and Puget Sound, and many parts of Maria Island, which gentler a com morco that is respectable and reaoting, contributing to the several treasuries a littlo more than what our honourable Collector of Rovcnue derives from six paltry liccuocs., ThuB only by following such safe guides can yo peoplo tho Gordon, and, who knows find amongst its fastnesses more than timber, yea, verily, oven silver and gold and stones exceeding precious. So bo it. 