DOGS AND GHOSTS. SPECULATIONS ABOUT SECOND SIGHT. Apparitions that Scared Animals- The Strange Cage of a Man Who Saw the Spirit of His Favorite Pet- There seems to bo a conviction in the minds of oome observers that dogs not only some times, but at all times, see and hear what wo do not hoar (says a writer in St. Louis Gloiier Pemoorat). First of all, in justice, let us get the facts, or tho avorred faots. In Rod and Gun ap pears the following letter " Sir, — There is reason to believe that animals can see spirits. At any rate I have a very remarkable fact to relate. There is in Devonshire a large, rambling old house, which has long had the reputation of being haunted. Family after family tried to make it their home. One after another they gave it up, all for tho same reason — that was frequent spectral ongoings in one of the corridorB. " Sometimes tho ghost was seen by one member of the household, while it was in visible to others close by. Sometimes mysterious sounds showed the ghost to bo about while he was not visible to any of the watchers; ' " The family that last occupied the house thought a fierce dog might settle the pro blem, on the supposition that a human trickster was at ,thb bottom of the disturb ance.' "On the' first night of the dog's residence the spectral . rattliugs were heard. The watchers took the dog to the corridor. True to tlie instinots of his nature ho rushed to the front, .barking; savagely. Suddenly, when half way 'through the corridor, the dog stopped und gazed upward in evident terror.. His tail dropped, aiid then he retreated trembling. But to ' the human eye nothing was visible." ; _ This story is. authenticated as' coming from persons of unquestioned veracity and excellent powers of judgment. A writer in the Charleston -Democrat, says that he heard a lawyer of ability relate the following incident: — I " Perhaps you are not: aware that dogs and horses, are as much afraid of ghosts as the most timid of the human Bpecies. I proved it at que time on two dogs. Not long after the war the negroes were so bad about our place in Kentucky that it was wiih difficulty . that we could beep our be longings oh our place.' Every other method having failed; I finally , hit upon the plan of frightening them by uppon-ing before them tlressed as a.ghost is said to habilitate him self. "Of .course, -the negroes were success fully frightened away "from us, but upon one occasion I also frightened our two , watch dogs as badly as the negroes.' The dogs were fiorce fellows, and would allow- no stranger or strange thing on tho place, bgt one moonlight night they came on me iu my spectral attire. ' " The first dog to oome up to me humped up his back until all his feet covered not more than six. square inches. His eyes stood out and his hair stood up, and he begun moving backward, never for a moment taking his eve's from me. His companion cdihe up, went through tho same movement, and then both, backed cautiously off to gether. As long as I could see them they put distance between us in that way. "A few moments later I heard them bariciug'at home, half d mile distant. They 'then took refuge under the house, and it was four days before we could coax them but uf their retreat." ' If you will excuse nib for turning aside from the main thought T- will give one or two illustrations to show that ghost-seeing is not so improbable as. you havo judged. Fanny ICemble tells, us that when residing iu Ritteiihousc-squaro her maid, sitting so that she faced and could see tho staircase and tipper landing, saw the door of her bed room open, . and on elderly woman in a flannel dressing-gown, with .a bonnet on her head, come out, walk the whole length of the passage and then return deliberately in. the same manner. The maid knew her mistress was down stairs, and also was confident that "no such person as she saw could be in the house. Having.gopd nerves the woman did not at first tali Miss Kemblo what sho had Been, but ransacked the rooms to see if she could solve the puzzle— all the time afraid her mistress would be disturbed by some similar apparition. She afterwards came on a portrait in the house suddenly that was an exact oopy of her ghost. Miss ICemble tolls a better story as fol- low3 " Corryboro, my friend's pleasant home in the Highlands, was a moorland farm and grouse-shooting property. The house stood within its own grounds, at a distance from any other dwelling, entirely isolated, with no habitations in its neighbor hood hut those of the people employed on tho land, which circumstances render curi ous what I am going to relate. "Iwns expected there on a visit on a certain day of a certain month and week. The persons staying in the house were friends of mine, as woll as of the laird's, and hud all been looking for my arrival ill the course of tho day, When, however, the hour for retiring for the night had been overpassed in the hope of my still possible advent, and everybody had given mo up and gone to their rooms, a sudden sound of Wheels on the gravel drive, the loud opening of a carriago door and the violent ringing of sue aoorueu arew everyone zortn again Wltn tho exclamation : — " ' Oh, there she is — oome at last.' " My friend and host ran down to the door to meet me, but found nothing but emptiness and darkness — no arrival and no carriage, nothing and nobody — and he re tired again to his room. The noxt day I arrived, but though able to account for iny doiay, no one could account for what had beon distinctly heard by half a dozen per sons." Tho Epworth' parsonage oase, involving John Wesley, is of great value, because it liuks both man and beast in the sensing of apparitions. Mr. Wesley says : " Soon after our large mastiff dog came and ran to shelter between us. While the disturbances continued he used to bark aud leap and snap on one side or the other, and that fre quently beforo any ' person in the room heard any noise at ail. But after two or three days ho used to tremblo and creep away beforo the noise began. And by this the ' family knew it was at hand ; nor did the observation over fail." A very strange case is reported by Mr. Hodgson, in September, 1890, in which a white lady appeared. Tho third night the haunted man's dog crouched and stared, and then acted as if driven around the room. Brother saw nothing, but heard a kind of rustic, and then the poor dog howled aud tried to hide, and never again would that dog go to that room." Robert Dale Owens reports a caso of a haunted man who had not been able for years to koop a dog. I confess theso oases all seem different whon looked at with some knowledge of dog nature. I am sure that a scared man would scaro a dog out of his wits. When onco a family is convinced of the presence of uncanny powers the clog and cat will be convinced of the same. One more case cited by Mr. Wallace in the Arena is of a female figure; aeon by threo persons floating over a hedge 10ft. above tho ground, when the horso suddenly stepped and shook with fright. I havo my-, self aeon too many of these floating females, although there may be a question of sex in a ghost, to believe in any of them. A puff of white mist has fooled me ; better yet, at flight, a bush covered with white flowers, A writer in the Relioio-Philosophical Journal says: — "A few years ago ono of my sons brought home a five- weeks-old puppy of the. Irish water spaniel breed. Ho was brought up as a family pet, and became a great favorite. He had more real character than any other dog I ever saw. When about 2 years old he broko through the ioo iu the park and was drowned. The family mournea him sincerely, and I personally felt the bereavement. My nights ore often wakeful, and I fell in tho habit of wonder- iug if all that intelligence and affection, that curiously original character, had gone out forever. "He had a habit of rushing into a pile of wood shavings in the back yard for sport and then carrying the bits in his curly hair everywhere. We scolded him till ho formed tho habit of shaking himself with vehemence after his game and then marching in as if ha had done Ins duty. Some weeks after his death I returned from a few calls and the dog tvtis entirely out of my mind. "The housemaid let me in. I went straight to tho library for letters. I stood in the middle of the library and the maid stood in the hull, facing mo, and deliver ing a message, when jnst outside the stair case door 5vo heard a sound, exactly the sound of Romeo's bangles, that led both of us simultaneously to start aud scream. " ' The dog,' sho cried. " ' He was shaking himself,' I said, and I fully expected to seo him. We examined for tho cause of the noise and tried all ex pedients to reproduce it, but in vain. To me, since then, Romeo is in a comfortable dog heaven," 