The Beauty of tl\e Family. CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) I wish you would put aside ridiculous j stories. you may have heard, Muriel, and go to the ball to oblige me, if not to oblige- my cousin,' said Mrs. Lawrence, lookingat lier kindly. ' You really will be ill if yori don't give yourself a little relief. You have so much worry and work at home you must have need to get into another atmosphere sometimes, and recall to mind that you are only a girl of twenty after all,, to whom a little wholesome recreation snouia como u»iu rally! The unceasing strain, the ab sorption in one set of cares, will , affect your health one of these days, and then what is to become of your father and brothers, and the house, and the farm, I should like to know ?' 'I should have to be very ill indeed npt to.be. able to take care of them, Mrs. v Lawrence.' . . 'And you will be Very ill. Come' (coaxingly), ' let me tell Shndworth you are going to the ball.' 'I love you too much to let you tell a story, Mrs. Lawrence.' 'Is this obstinacy, Muriel ? ' 'No, dear Mrs. Lawrence. I would give in just to please you if it were only a question of feeling; and I am only twenty, as you say, and should enjoy i tho ball beyond anything if — if — ' 'Well, go on.' 'If I ought to go.' 'My dear,' said Mrs Lawrence, 'I have never been so near beinc antrrv with you as I am to-night, and yet I . like you more than I ever did. I leave you that nut to crack, being no meta physician myself, and will return to the bosom of my family, feeling somewhat snubbed ; but nothing to what I shall feel presently when Shadworth does not get the .answer he is waiting for so patiently.' '?He- is- at your house, then?'in- ' quired Muriel, hoping against hope that Mrs Lawrence might tell her he had dined there — anything that could falsify ? v Vivian's recent admission and the clear evidence of her own eyes. t ''.'.Oh;$yes ! ' He came running in five minutes liefore I left to ask' me to do what I. 'could, as he fancied, from some thing he had heard, you did not intend to go to his ball.1' ^ 'Si suppose Vivian told him so.' » ''I daresay,' answered Mrs. Lawrence, carelessly having the smallest possible interest in Beauty's sayings or doings either, ' although it is not like her to talk about anyone but herself.' And she departed, suddenly to avoid the reproach' she had earned, for it was an understood -thing always between: the two fripnds that they were never to dis cuss Vivian, and the elder lady was not 'to air her prejudice before the loyal sister of the, girl whom she heartily despised. , But before she slept that night, Muriel, who had denied herself the ball with such Spartan firmness, took a' white dress out of -a box, where it had lain for 1 three' years lintouched, and examined it carefully, arranging in her own mind what alterations would have been re quired to make it more fashionable, sup posing that she had decided upon going. 'The skirt looped up so, and some lace 'and flowers down the front, and really it would have looked quite nice,' she went on, holding it over her arm, and 'giving it a pat there, and a pull here. ' There is so . much in management. Only, as I am not going to Sir Sbad worth's house under any possible pretext, no management will be required, and my .poor dress may as well retire into obscur , ity'again.' So saying slio folded it carefully and ?put it away, not without a sigh, and hurried to bed, knowing quite well that without sufficient sleep she should not he in a ;fit state,' either in body or mind, ?to^fcope with all the fatigues and anxie ties of the morrow. There was no further conversation Between Vivian and Muriel about Sir si.d3ro-nrf.il nbiVliAsf nr. Tho former took- ca're they were never alone; and as she spent the next two days with her friend Mrs. ; Saville, a frisky young niatron who loved pleasure as dearly as herself, it was not very difficult to avoid a tete-a-tcte. Vivian' did not return home until the day of the ball, and then retired to hor own room! She joined the family at tea, but left the room the moment she had liuished, and Muriel did not see hor again until; Mrs. Saville called for her, when Vivian came softly downstairs as if she wanted to got away imperceived. But seeing Muriel in the hall, she stopped short iu visible embarrassment, then went, past hor swiftly, a long train of white silk trailing behind her on tho floor. \- ? Reaching the door with the handle actually turned, she swept back again up to where Muriel stood watching her sadly' and wistfully, gave her a passion ate, remorseful kiss, the meaning of which was to be clear to the other later, then she- flitted like a ghost through the doorway, and was swallowed up suddenly into the darkness of the night. CHAPTER VII. ' And while in pcacc sibidiug Within a sheltered home, We feel life sin n'nd evil C'ould never, never come ; ? . Bub let the strong temptation rise, As whirlwinds sweep tlie sea — We ttud no strength to 'soupe the wrcek, ? * Save, pitying God, in Thee.' ? ? —Mrs. Hale Muriel; speculated for some, little time upon the peculiarity of her sister's manner;: Vivian's sisterly caresses. Wore generally cold, matter-of-fact cere monies, but there could be no doubt that the kiss she pressed on Muriel's cheek as she left had heart in it. An hour latter Mr. Armytage came in, and seemed surprised to find Muriel at home. ' Why, I thought you were going to the ball too ? ' lie said. ' Who told you so, papa '!' 'I don't know, my dear. I fancied Chichester said something of the kind ; but I suppos I was mistaken.' (To be continued.) 