SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (CtjtvHtht.) Br an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Oroes Yalour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," &c.;, he. CHAPTER Xill. a cloudless sky. "Well, Gray, my boy, how goes it with thee?" ex claimed Rochester, bursting into my room one bright, frosty morning in the middle of Januar "The same as usual," I replied, grasping mv friend's hand. "Of course, you cannot expect m to be very brilliant whilst I have to remain a prisoner within these four walls, and whilst I am forbidden to send even an anonymous note to Ethel assuring her of my safety and well- being.'.' " Have patience for another two or three days," answered Rochester. "To let your uncle get hole of you now, might ruin my game, for, remember, your certificate, if genuine, can be used as a lega1 instrument against you at any time within two years from its date. If the document is not a forgery, I should be powerless to prevent your unele from consigning you to durance vile, should be discover your place of concealment, "j-i "How was Ethel looking last nightif 'Inquired, unable to restrain the question i had been longing to ask directly Rochester entered the room. " Much better. She has been steadily improving under my hopeful treatment and I can assure you that you would be quite jealous if you could see how she seeks my society and how her cheeks become wreathed in smiles the moment she catches sight of my figure in the ballroom She credits me with being at the bottom of your disappearance, but wisely forbears to ask too many questions, being a sensible little girl, and guessing that much may depend upon your secret being carefully preserved." "Dear, dear Ethel " "Come, spare me your lover's rhapsodies," inter rupted Rochester laughing. "I am as hungry as at hunter, and can think of nothing else now but breakfast. Then I must bj off to the Law Courts, and in tlie afternoon I have appointments with the wo medical gentleman win are supposed to have signed your certificate of non compos mentis." Rochester, the ever busy, did not waste half-an- hour over his meal. With a cheery exhortation to keep my spirits up, he donned his wig and gown, bustled down the narrow oaken staircase, and mingled with the hurrying crowd of lawyers in the square of the I1111. Left to solitude, my thoughts naturally reverted to the position in which I now found myself. That it was at last about to assume a brighter aspect, i could not doubt, in face of my friend's solemn assurances. His acumen had placed me under the deepest obligations, and I shuddered to think of what would l/.ave been my fate had not a chance conversation with Ethel interested him in me. Hosv well he redeemed his promise to her that he would not leave, a stone unturned to effect my cure ! O11 the second day after meeting her, he called upon me under an assumed name. I have id recollection of any of the subjects we discussed, but one thing lie said fixed itself indelibly on my brain. It was to the effect that at 3 o'clock the following morning I was to leave my uncle's house aud proceed straight to his chambers in Lincoln's L'uii. Unconsciously, automatically, I obeyed this co anvind to the letter ; then followed three weeks of complete insensibility, aud then came the awakening, when I found myself once more a sane being, wiih an intellect as bright as it had ever been. The nefarious schemes adopted by my uncle fot the purpose of converting my property to his own use, at last became patent to me. According to Rochester, the wi etched man's second attempt was more sinister than the first, for, from the method of tlie administration of the drug, it was evident he had made up his mind not only to stifle my reason but lo make away with my life. It was not without a hard struggle that I became convinced of Adam Gray's guilt. When Rochester first hinted at such a possibility.' L indignantly refused to listen, and it was only when he pithily remarked that a man without a penny-piece in the world, wlm. lived at the rate of two thousand a year, must be robbing somebody, that I paused to con sider the source from which he drew so much. And there were the curious coincidences which I could not explain away, that 011 the two occasions 1 had absented myself from my uncle's roof for more than a week, I had recovered my physical and tneutal health. Thus, the slow hours of the morning rolled wearily away as I aadly pondered over the hideous crimes which love of money prompted men to commit. I was released from an Intolerable anguish, the offspring of my sombre reveries, by the entrance of Rochester's clerk with luncheon. He was as well posted up in my affairs as his master, and his few cheery words in reference to my rapidly approach ing freedom, coupled with a pint of excellent claret, had the effect of clearing my mental atmosphere and making me look upon the brighter side of existence. But from these pleasant dreams I was suddenly startled by the irascible tones peculiar to Adam Gray ! With a gesture of alarm, I sprang from my seat, and, advance! to the half-opened door; the first words I overheard proved that .my implacable uncle had tracked me to my hiding place! "Prevarication is useless," he said to the clerk in sharp, angry accents.' "If I meet with any ur.h u' obstruction, I will prosecute you and your master with the utrnast rigour." " You shall not enter these chambers unless you produce a warrant authorising you to act as you propose. You might be a thief for what I know," answered the clerk aggravatingly. As if in reply, I heard my uncle's voice calling to someone in the passage, and then the sound of men's footsteps echoed in the outer office. "These two warders have been sent from Dr. Silicott's asylum for the purpose of conveying my nephew there. They have therefore the necessary documents empowering them t o take him." What-could I do to escape an ignominious capture? With something akin to terror, I ran to the adjoin ing chamber, which served as my bedroom, gently closed the door and locked it. From this room there was no exit, except through the window which was about thirty feet f rom the ground. With something between a curse and a groan, I realised the impossibility of escape; but when. I felt I was caught like a rat in a trap T threw off the mad feeling of terror and determined to emulate the ferocity of a wild animal brought to bay. If the law was so thoroughly resolved to treat me as a lunatic, then I would give it some show of reason for its sham iful' resolution. Presently, tl 1 :: tread of men's feet in the next room warned me that the clerk had made his sub mission to a disgraceful legal conspiracy ; then the door of my room was tried, followed by the exclama tion, " He is in there ! " "1 advise you to keep out," 1 shouted. "Anyone who enters this room uninvited will receive the contents of my revolver." I did not ma ke this remark out of -mere bravado, but simply to gain time, for 1 had just noticed two large packing cases heavily corded, and I hoped that I might yet make use of the window through their instrumentality. Whilst. I was busily, em ployed in undoing the knots, and splicing the ropes together, I kept my uncle and his men amused by ai animitad parley, wherein I pathetically begged for kin 1 treatment if I surrendered myself. In the midst of this deceptive conversation, 1 com pleted my rope, and found to my horror that it war ms longer than twelve feet, thus leaving me a drop of about eighteen feet on to the stone flags. But after all, it was not anything to be afraid oi:, so 1 quietly 'whee'ed my small iron bedstead to the window, fastened the rope to one of its posts, and then addressed myself to Adam Gray, asserti ng my readiness to surrender if lie would grant me five minutes to get out of my tweed suit into a propel afternoon costume. He assented cheerfully, and direetlyhe finished speaking, -I placed my foot ou the window-sill and commenced my downward flight towards liberty. So intense ivas my eager ness to get to the end of the journey, that I forgot the length of my rope, an-.l finished the last eighteen feet so quickly, that I fell in an indescribable heap 011 to the stone pavement. A severe twinge of pain betokened that I -had either sprained or dislo cated my ankle. I limped slowly and painfully up Rome stone steps, passed through the gateway ints Lincoln's lun Fields, jumped into a hanso®, 00# drove off rapidly towards Holborn. As the fefrott of delight at my lucky evasion of captivity wore j off, a wild, revengeful feeling took possession ol 1 me, urging me to adopt some means for turning the taldes on the man who. under the guise of affection, had treated me so cruelly. The demon goddess whispered in my ear so persistently, and formu lated for me such a daring plan <-of action, that 1 resolved to carry out her dictates. I dismissed my 'cab at an ironmonger's, entered the shop, and purchased some tools; then, having ascertained that I possessed a latchkey of the Bavswater house, called another cab, and drove at the topmost speed which can be got out of a worn- out horse, to my uncle's domicile ! Three-quarters of an hour had elapsed from the time I had befooled Adam Gray with an appearance of sub mission until now, when 1 stood on his doorstep. 1 hoped that. liis very anxiety to effect my capture would keep him too well employed to allow him to return home before some considerable time had passed by, thus giving an ample opportunity for carrying out my bold but nefarious scheme. Without any hesitation, I opened the door and went in. Contrary to expectation, I came face, to face with Spriggs, the housekeeper, who, unfortu nately happened to be in the ball at the moment. With well- feigned delight, I took her hand and asked her to congratulate me on my evident restora tion to reason. The dear old creature expressed her surprise at seeing me look so well, and then informed 1110. that my uncle would not be in to dinner for another hour and a-half. This was good news, and I told her that I would take a cup of tea in the library and there await Mr. Gray's arrival. Utterly unsuspicious of my intentions, Spriggs bustled about, and very shortly brought some delicious Pekoe; then at last she closed the door upon mc and left me to my devices. The moment I felt safe from interruption, I softly turned the key in the lock, and went towards an old oak bureau, where I knew my uncle kept many of his papers. The tools I had bought at the ironmonger's now proved their temper as I ruthlessly hammered and chiselled away until the interior of the cabinet lay open before me. With eager haste, I turned over packet after packet of documents, until I came across some in the faded handwriting of my father. These I secured, and a further search was rewarded by the discovery of his diary. With breathless interest, I scanned page after page, until with a flash of excitement, I came across passages which detailed his adventure with the worshippers of Bhimatra, and which gave, with careful minute ness, lhe mode oi' preparation of their horrible poison. Another paper, 111 my uncle's hand writing, fell from the diary as I was reading, and a glance at its contents gave me. the address of the chief priest of Bhimatra and the clue to the means whereby a fresh stock of the drug could always be obtained by any of tlie brotherhood. A triumphant note by Adam Gray lo tlie effect that he had per sonated his brother in order to obtain a drug which could manifest its action by giving acute pleasure and by causing prolonged mania and sudden death, dissipated any lingering doubt I may have had as to his being potentially a murderer. In my wild desire for more evidence, I broke open and ransacked everything in the room, and came across a small casket containing several narcotic smelling substances. Time was flying fast, and as I was not anxious to be surprised 111 the midst of this burglary, I collected all the papers I possibly could into a small handbag, restored the room to some semblance of order, and then stealthily crept to the hall door. The moment I found myself in tlie street, I fled like a guilty thing from the scene of my crime. A short time in the open air ccoled the fever which oppressed me, and soberer thoughts usurped the place of the frenzied hate which had prompted 1110 to do actions which I now began to regard with horror ! Could I, Gerald Gray, ever hold up my head again amongst honourable men, after having committed a low and dastardly crime ? Whilst I was thus seriously at aval- with myself,, the increasing pain at mv ankle forced me to call a hansom. 1 got. in and sat for a moment _in blissful reiief at being able to rest 111 v foot, .when the driver raised the trap and asked "wtic-re to, sir?" For the moment I was nonplussed, for I knew that 110 friend's house would be a safe shelter from the colossal iniquity which was pursuing me. My heart answered for me by saying "No. 16,Moreland- square," although my n a?on told me that this was one of the houses wher: inquiries would be the most stringent. Nevertheless, I permitted tlie driver to take 1110 there and as the cab turned from one familiar street to another, I murmured to myself that 1 cared not what might happen provided 1 could clasp Ethel once more to my starved and hungry heart. Ali, the rapture of that meeting ! The tearful joy of sweet Ethel at seeing me strong and well, amply repaid me for the fearful miseries 1 had undergone, and as I clasped her t ightly, for fear that adverse fate might again separate us, 1 told her my tale, and shuddered as I related the burglary ! And she, bl ight little angel that site is, laughed my scruples to scorn, and said that 1 had shewn marvellous coivimonsense and daring in having secured such valuable evidence against mv enemy. "It is providential that you did not arrive five minutes earlier," she added, "for you would have fallen into the clutches of your uncle. He. insisted upon a systematic search of the house, and carried it out upon a most thorough scale ! Then no sooner had the snake departed than the, dove arrived ! ,J "Ah, darling!" 1 replied, "through all my misfor tunes, heaven has always granted ine a loophole oT escape. Only one thing remains to be done befo c I claim you as my life's reward, and that is to settle this wretched business with my uncle, and this shall be accomplished before another day passes. I think, therefore, that Rochester ought to be sent for immediately." "But he will be afraid to come," objected Ethel. "He is shrewd enough to guess that his every movement will be watched." I went to a table, and wrote rapidly. " Listen to this," 1 said, "and I think you will agree with me that Rochester will come at once." This' is what 1 wrote: "I am safe under Brandon's roof. Come to me and fear not, for I called, en route, at Adam Gray's, and abstracted every piece de con viction I could lay my hands on. Having drawn the tiger's claws, I have nothing further to fear — in fact, I have turned the tables 011 him with a vengeance ! " Ethel's dear little mouth pouted for a moment in reflection. Then she, burst into a -merry laugh, and exclaimed, "You are quite right; you have nothing further to fear. I will send your note off at once." In less than two hours Rochester made his appearance, and immediately set to work to examine the papers I had purloined. As this process required silence, Ethel audi retired to tlie further end of the room, and sat whispering the same loving words to each other, which probably were uttered by lovers in the, c-arliest ages of the world, and will continue to be spoken as long as human life exists on this planet. Ah, mystic Love ! so old and yet so new ! thou canst beautify the commonest clay, and illu mine for a moment even the child of the gutter with a divine radiance ! At last, as the. hours were creeping towards mid night,. Rochester threw down his pen anil exhibited a letter, which we all considered a masterpiece of Machiavellian argument. "If this meets with your approbation, I will send it by my clerk the first tiling to-morrow morning," said Rochester. " "Send it," I answered. "It is such a sweeping expose of his conduct, that it is bound to turn him into a miserable suppliant." I walked back with my friend at a very late hour to his chambers, and retook possession of my room with a feeling of elation I could hardly have con ceived possible a day ago. I did not linger long over breakfast the next morning, for I was all im patience for Ethel's society: hut hardly had I settled myself comfortably by lic-r side, when 1 was dis turbed bv the announcement that my uncle's housekeeper wished to speak to me.. Mrs. Spriggs entered with trepidation visibly marked 011 her f«ee, and begged me to go at once to my uncle, who had a paralytic seizure. For a moment, I feared that this might he a ruse to entrap ine, but the real anxiety depicted on Sprigg's honest countenance, convinced me that something serious had happened, and I, therefore, determined to accompany her back. As we drove rapidly along, I gathered front her observations that Adam Gray had received! a letter that morning kliilst at breakfast which seemed to upset him i dreadfully. After reading it, he paced savagely up and down the room and finally hurried off to th« library, where he began writing some letters. FA about half an hour Mrs. Spriggs lost sight of him but having occasion to ask some question rA I ati 1: g to household affairs, she went to the library door, and after knocking several times and rcceiviii| no answer, went in. Then she saw my unci (11 d lied in a heap upon the floor and breathing itertorously. She at once divined what had happened, and immediately sent for a doctor, who, on his arrival, told her to summon the relatives. When I entered the room where Adam Gray was lying on a sofa, I was shocked at the terrible altera tion in his appearance. Large, staring eyes, with enormously dilated pupils, mouth drawn down < 0 sne side, purple cheeks, and slow, labor tens Sheathing, told me at the first glance that Vis >ervous system had broken down under fhe Influence of some violent shock of emotion — and Shis Shock, I guessed, was produced by Rochester's letter. After making a few inquiries of the doctor, I turned away from the mournful sight, rial seated myself in my uncle's chair by the taDle. Here my eyes fell on a half-finished Inter addressed to me. I took it up and read it atten tively, for it was a confession of guilt ! "You may probably recollect," it said, "that shortly before you left school, I was reduced to poverty. I had always lived in such affluence that fie bare idea of a miserable stucco villa and ose maid-of-all- work was intolerable, so intolerable that for some weeks I meditated suicide. It wis at this time that i remembered I possessed a curious drug which had once belonged to your father, who had acquainted me with its various pro perties. Like an opium-eater, I seized upon it as a precious pain annihilator, a perfect pleasure-giver, and I continued its use for some weeks, until the thought flashed through me that I was administer ing it to the wrong person. i knew that a larger dose was capable of simulating the symptoms - of madness. Why should I not, therefore, confuse your intellect by its aid, and thus become the manager of your property, and accountable to no one ? Believe me, Gerald, that, at that time, I meant you no bodily harm, and had you not escaped to France, i should " Here the confession suddenly ended, with a blur of ink, as if the pen had slipped from the writer's hand when the paralysis overtook him without a single premonitory sign. After a fortnight's complete Insensibility, lie rallied back from the portals of death with a inind reduced to imbecility and a body paralysed into an inert helpless mass; all his schemes lor living luxuriously had come to an untimely end, and he lay now in one room, bedridden, neither enjoying nor requiring those things, for the possession of which lie had staked his health and honour. As I looked with pitying eye upon this wreck of humanity, brought to this sad pass. by his evil passions, I freely forgave him for the miseries he had made me endure, and charitably endeavoured to convince myself that his mind had given way at the time he found himself a ruined man. Net very long after these events, my repeal c:l solicitations for an early marriage were successful, and on a lovely spring 'day, with the heavens un- flecked by a single cloud, Ethel placed her hand in mine and repeated those mystic words which made us .one in future joys and sorrows, hopes aud fears. "Happy the bride on whom the sun salnos," exclaimed Rochester, as lie shut us in tlie carriage wh'ch was to convey us en route for the South of . France. Then, pressing- my han-.l warmly, he added, "Your life has, for a space; been one of dis appointment and overwhelming "gloom. But Provi dence has nc.v given you a companion who has Hie gift of rolling back any hideous clouds wliicia may attempt to assail your happiness. Take this blight, cloudless, sunny day as the type of a promiMi that henceforth your path in life will be strews wi h roses, if you cherish the. noble girl whose hewrt has never wavered in its allegiance to you throughout the stormiest portions of your career." Ethel's eyes filled with tears at the parting -fords, of our friend. But the Continental express will not wait for anyone— even for two wedded, happy lovers — so the carriage drove off, and I was at last alone with Ethel, and free to keep on calling her "wife" as being the sweetest and most endearing term in the English janguage. Before closing this history of a chequered exist ence, terminating in unhoped for happiness, my dear wife thinks that I ought to make it known that Rochester gave such information to the Indian Government concerning the practices of the worship pers of Bhimatra, that immediate steps were takeu to eradicate these pests to society. The curious phy siological and psychological effects of t he pnison are now being st udied by a committee of learned experts who bold out hopes of adding it to the Phar macopoeia as one of the most valuable remedies dis covered this century. I cannot lay down my pen without adverting to an unexpected rencontre I had only a few days ago. Ethel- and I were at the Royal Academy, deeply inimersed in the beauties of a . lovely painting representing a rural scene in Surrey, when a mascu line voice by my side exclaimed, "Surely your name is Gray?" I stared at the questioner rr'thout recognition, when he jogged my memory by saying, "lam Jarvis, you know ; Jarvis Major of the fourth form !" Then recollection returned ; I seized his hand with avidity and wrung it warmly, exclaiming, "I ought to have recognised you at once, but the change from boyhood to manhood, with its heavy moustache, is puzzling when one has not met in the meantime." Then I introduced him to Ethel, and he, on his part, became anxious to present us to his wife, who was resting at the further end of the room. He led us up to a singularly graceful woman, whose head, for the moment, was turned away from me. At the sound of her husband's voice, slie glanced round, and then, with a wild tumultuous beating of the heart, I recognised the bewitching features of lulie de Savigny. Dressed richly hut quietly, she looked more beautiful than ever, and I gazed with a species of fascination on "The witchery of eyes, the grace that tips The inexpressible douceur of lips," until I was aroused by hearing myself being pre sented to licr. Not a quiver of a muscle, or ar unsteady gleam from her lustrous eyes, betrayed the fact that she had ever met Ethel or me before ; she received us as" friends of her husband,- and endorsed his invitation to dinner with a well-bred politeness containing t-lie \east suspicion of indifference. Ethel declined the invitation on the plea of a previous engagement, and when we had taken leave of them, i applauded her promptitude in refusing to accept the hospitality of a woman whose un scrupulous behaviour had nearly made shipwreck of my life. We left London the next day, and, up to tlie present, have seen nothing more of Mrs. Jarvis, although I hear that her husband is a Parliamentary candidate for a vacant borough. Her ambition has already driven him into the rest.le.sa sea of politics, and will, no doubt, in time raise him to the pinnacle of Fsm.% I have every reason to be deeply grateful that I was not forced by a perverse fate into this beautiful Syren's arms. Whilst she will be urging poor Jarvis into a stormy career which may or may not earn him a little brief popularity, my Ethel will be gently leading me. Into those more practical ways of peace and charity irhich bring a few gleams of sunshine to many a harassed household and which have already 'begun to teach mc that "it is more blessed to give than to receive." Let each man go to his own place ! Whether it be cast amidst darkness and sordid poverty, or in the pomp and circumstance of social luxury, let him never lose sight of the fact that there is a Providence over all. Emerging, as I have, from a dense pall of blackest clouds to the serene bright ness of a cloudless sky, I should be guilty of tin- grossest ingratitude if I failed to acknowledge t Li my sharpest trials have been a providential educa tion resulting in a firm faith in the Almighty Ruler of our destinies, and in a.Bupreme happiness which makes nay earthly home a paradise. THE End. 3 3 _ - 