MY UNCLES GHOST. BY FRANCIS FOOTE, One rainy evening Jart week I lounged into my uncle’s bachelor apartments, at the hotel 'for a talk and smoke, One of my uncle’s hobbies was to be surrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed • little more than a boy himself in feelings, although he bad passed bis fiftieth birthday. And we were ail devoted to. “ the major,” as we called him—I believe that was his title during the war. . ■ There was no one so Willing to offer a helping hand when we were in a college scrape; rio one who would loan money so readily when an allowance fell short; there .was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable. . Oh this particular evening T found him Btretchcd out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings.of smoke from bis pipe. : “ How are you, Tom lie said, lazily ; “you’ve saved me from myself by coming in. It lias been such a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost.” ' ‘t Your ghost?” I echoed*':. “ Why, yes j you know I .have the pleasure of,owning one.,: Do-you mean that I have never told you the story ?!’ • I say “ No,” emphatically; and the major’e face - grew radiant with - the. anticipated pleasure, for the one thiijg.whiclrho enjoyed above all others was a,good story told by him lelf; and they were always good. ._ “ Order whatever you wish, Tom,” he Raid. “I’ll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the best cigars on the top ill elf.” . At last we were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy be began. ' . , 1 It was about fifteen years 'ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. .The trains didn’t go right through as they do now, and stopped' oitener. It might have been five o’clock in the evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. “ The seats were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. OE course I said 1 Ycs.’7^j?jjere was plenty of room, and she only had--a'bit of a bag with her. “ You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when I see her, and ft lady. She was both, although her dress was’plainand black, and her gloves harl been neatly mended in several places. I bad • number of books and papers, the most en tertaining of which I offered her, and when she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest I have beard—low soft and musical. “ By Jove 1” said the major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy, “ I know that woman would sing with her whole soul; sha couldn’t have helped it with that voice. “ Well,” he continued, “ she took up a book, but she didn’t read much ; just turned the pages, at raudom, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. “ ‘ I am sorry,’ be said; ‘you should have telegraphed.. . We are very'full, and there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section ?’• “ * I would,’ she replied ; ‘ although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me?’ ■ “‘I’m sorry,.miss; but I don’t see how,’ and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out of sympathy, a3 he saw the troubled expres sion in the girl’s face. “ Then I spoke,— • -:- <“T have; a whole section to myself,’ I said; I rind I always prefer the upper berth ; so if yon will , take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to you.’ —_~_ ""Tlus\va3 a'iie, for I had never slept in one. before, but she was, pretty enough and unhappy .enough to warrant a lie of that “ I shall never forget the glance she gave me. I'had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. . They were a deep violet, almost" purple, with dark depths, and thick black: lashes which ca3t. shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, She was : very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like'a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thingl noticed was a iiny scar, which looked as if it had been made-by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. “I tried, to talk with her, for she interested -me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was. where she was going, or why she was travelling alone. “Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew.very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. She glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. “ ‘ I’ve got to do it,’ I heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don’t believe "he knew that she spoke aloud, so occupied was she with her own thoughts. “ In a few moments she spoke again, still talking to herself,— “ They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I would never—’ “ I lost the next two words, but they sounded like ‘ disgrace him.’ She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. I turned a page of my book and settled back farther into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a 'picture. As near as I could make out it was the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling “ She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, .passionately, then ‘she kissed It fervently -under cover of her handker “After that, she covered it with - both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to tear that picture into inch bits. “‘Ah, ah, a lover’s quarrel I’ I thought} and yet it didn’t seen like that. It was to# serious; like a parting forever. “ In a little while she turned to me. * She was paler than ever, and the "old scar was brighter. “‘Will you please open the window?* she asked. ‘I' have something to throw “I-did as she wished, and- she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath" of relief. ‘“Now that is over the ri|st will be comparatively easy,’ she said tbfis time to “ ‘ What will be easy,’ I ventured. “ ‘ Pardon me for speaking roy thoughts to a stranger,’ she replied. ‘ I Biipposc I mean life will be easier while we live, and death ' when wo d?e.’ “ ‘ Life.; rid always be easy for one as young as yo.,i.~elf,’ I said, gallantly. “ She tin ned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowly,— “ ‘ Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,’ with an emphasis on the ‘has been’ ‘too sweet to last; but now— well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.’ And she turned away. “ After that I could only make her speak In monosyllables. “At last that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which might be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. “ There was a little,seragglv, pale Novem ber mooD, which gave me a chill as I looked at it., and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things, I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twicp from the berth below. v> I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. Ail my senses were abnormally active, and 33 I was an old traveller i was very much ashamed of myBelf. . “ When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand fight to see which of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle Bhe had been crushed under the car. “ I had important business a few stations ] this side of Chicago, but I had made up my i mind that I would have a little talk with the | young lady beEore I left the car. In tl:s j morning when I arose I went to the front j platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it hail been all night, the girl had not yet appeared ; could she be ill ’ 1 was very near my stopping-place—I could not go without saying good-by. The porter passed through. [ called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. “ He went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her" lips still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart—ah I there was no action there. She was dead I “By licr side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. -1 “ I did not wait for .anything more, to "hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station.”..., \- The major smoked violently for a few moments. “But where does the ghost come in?” I asked at length. “ The ghost 1” he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which I had never heard there before she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes," have haunted me more or less ever since. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was lif teen years ago. There is a place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which wer6 in themselves a pathetic “ I am never on duty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was—you will say an illusion, a fancy—I call it her ghost. “ How many times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man’s picture. I would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had done. Ye3, wrong, for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death. Per haps that is why I have never married. I can’t tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; anil I saw her but cnce ; she was not even a name to ms ; oE herself, her character, I know nothing, and lath called a man of the world. “ And yet, boy,” he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion, “ I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her— spirit, her memory, if you will, tbaft I should be if I knew-another, .a real woman, was wailing to fiiiig soft "arms about inj' neck, to kis3 mo with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom ; I seldom speaker my own feelings nnd emotions, but perhaps now you ca'a faintly understand how much reality there can ^be even in a ghost.” - The major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over bis pipe as if romance, women and be had always been, as they always would be, strangers. 