The approaching Presidential Election in the United States will be of more than ordinary interest in oonseqaenoe of the fisoal issnes whioh haye been raised, and whioh will to a large extent be determined in the selection from the rival candidates. When the M'Kinley Tariff was introduced, we pointed ont that it would prove a terribly effective weapon in the hands of the Democratic party. The result has more than justi fied these anticipations, and there is every probability of the semi-free trade party scoring a decisive victory, filany of the leading Protectionists in the United States protested against the M'Kinley Tariff, the absurdly restrictive lines of which pr&otioally; amounted to prohibition ; bat it was made a party question, and the ill- advised measure became law. The Southern States have always been more or leas opposed to the stringent protection advocated by the North-Eastern States, and, ae the South is solidly democratic, it is a natural sequence that the M'Kinley Tariff should be sfrongly opposed by the Cleve land party. That Protection has built up splendid industries in the United States cannot be challenged by the moBt rabid Freetraders ; but all reasonable men will admit that the M'Kinley Tariff was a blunder — it was Protection run mad, and the extremists will pro bably pay the penalty of their folly when the ballot ia cast for the President in November. There is, at the present time, every prospect of the Democrats sweeping the country, excepting in the North-Eastern States, and, judging by the elections of State governors, which unvo AWBUMjr wukau jiiaue, uie Aepaoii* cans will certainly lose office. It is, however, the unexpected that always happens in United States politios, and up to the pittsent, .although the elections are said to hang almost wholly on the Tariff question, both parties are .evi dently hanging back for farther develop ments before finally committing them 1 selves to that issue. The stars in their I courses are at present fighting for the I Democrats, and all along the line there are indications that the Republicans will lose heavily. The Democrats have I a trump o&rd; in President Harrison's Force BilL ThiB measure was intro duced for the purpose of removing the Presidential elections from State con trol, and vesting them in the Federal Government. Of course the ostensible objeot was to seoure purity of election, to prevent ballot stuffing in the negro States, and to allow the black vote to be freely oast and honestly counted. The South, however, recognise in the Force Bill another attempt to make the whites in the Blaok Belt subservient to the negro, and were the Force Bill pat into force to-morrow it would be resisted by the South, even at the risk of another Civil war. President Harrison recog nised this fact, and refrained from push ing the Bill through Congress even when the Bepublicans held a majority in both Chambers. The Force Bill, therefore, was a huge blunder, of which the fullest advantage will be frfrfn by the Democrats. But another of those three-oornered issues whioh so distract the leaders of the two great parties has oome into the field, and it looks as if the Farmers* Alliance, now termed the People's party, will really decide the election. The chief planks in this programme are the abolition of all monopolies by the purchase by the State of all privately owned rail roads, trams, canals, telegraphs, etc. ; antagonism to political patronage ; and especially Ihe-.advooacy jof the right3 of tta farmers, who are held to have h thertp taen neglected by Bepublicans aud Dem crat°» particularly by ttie former, ' The People's party carried Alabama recently by an overwhelming majority, but, aa their vote was cast with the Democrats, the result will he that the Democrats will now bid high for fhe farming vote, and consequently will pro bably carry tbe Western States, in which oase the defeat of the Republicans may be regarded as a certainty. What- j ever issue may be raised, there will always be a 41 solid South ' in opposition w auy auu every srresiaent, party, or policy, whieh wonld seek to place the white minority in the Black Belt under the dominance of the negro majority. The Bepublicans have adopted tne M'Kinlay Tariff, and^ judging from pre sent appearances, botii will be defeated in November; and probably little regret will be experienced by any but the Be publicans, aud by the few who have made capital by the imposition of the absurdly restrictive duties, which are not really Protection, but positive prohibition. But that the election of Cleveland will be followed by the introduction of a Free Trade policy iB not within the ; radius of praotioal politios, and if the ' M'Kinley Tariff is doomed probably few will regret the change. Once again tbe London telegraphist thinks it necessary to inform Australia that Dr. Renwick has made another effort to obtain Knighthood, and fortu nately, this time, the suppliant haB received a hint that he had better not press the matter at the present junoture. Knighthood has generally been regarded as an honor conferred on colonists who have rendered some speoial service to the State; hut lately it hu become the objeot of a most oontemptible eycophantio pleading, which is sufficient to disgrace any order, and to stamp the 'honor hunters ' as mere intriguing cade. It is a strange feature of human nature this so-called honor hunting. In Australia we have Bepublicans and Badicals of the Sir G. II . Dibbs, Sir Graham Berry, and Sir Chas. Lilley stamp, eagerly swallow ing the flattery contained in Knight hood, and men of the Dr. Benwick stamp are prepared to eat the proverbial dirt in order, that their vanity may be flattered by the right to prefix tbe magical ' Sir ' to their names. This spirit is not confined to Australia. In the United StateB the wealthiest parents eagerly marry their daughters — and their hard-earned dollars — to the titled scapegraces of Burope ; and whilst titles are under the ban of the republio, judges, generals, and mili tary titles generally, are as plentiful in the States as blackberries. So far as Australia is concerned, it is earnestly to be hoped that future titles will be bestowed as a reward of merit and services rendered to the State — to be in reality anhonor,andnotthe goalof success ful vulgar ambition. Judging from the telegrams received, it would appear that Dr. Benwick's sole aim is to worry the Colonial Office into knighting him, though what for, everyone but the anxious expectant is at a loss to under stand. So, too, Sir G. B. Dibbs* oelebrated mission has dwindled down to the meagre circumference of having addressed a few gatherings, at which he talked a little commonsense and a great deal of arrant nonsense ; writing two or three articles to the London Press con taining valuable statistics which had evidently been ' ghosted ' for him by Mr Ooghlan, and marred by deductions which in some cases were totally unten able; cramming the London telegraphist with a diary of his daily doings, aud some statements which, on being contra dicted, have made Sir G. B. Dibbs look very small — and Knighthood. Some of the society papers in England are dealing sarcastically with these so-called representative men of Australia, and certainly the Knighthood touting of Colonials will not tend to elevate our Australian leaders in tbe estimation of sens'ble men, either in England or the ' Colonies. We understand that the managers of the Tasmanian branches of the Austra lasia and Union Banks have deoided to reduce the rates of interest to the follow ing : — Twelve months, four and a half per cent. ; six months, three and a-half : and for three months, two and a-half. The local banks, however, have deter mined to retain existing rates, which are five, four, and three per cent, respec tively. it is difficult to understand the reduction in rates thus made, unless it be that, following the usual Tasmanian practice of ignoring local institutions, our capitalists have patronised the two first-named banks to snoh an extent that they have more deposits than they re quire. Indeed, a glance at the banking returns published in the GastUe, demon strates this unfortunate practice, for we find that of the deposits in the Tas manian branches of the Australasia and Union Banks, nearly half a million has been Bent out of the colony. During the past year the deposits in the Tas manian branches of these institutions have increased by upwards of £200,000, and tbe fact that the managers have de cided to reduce the rates of interest is ample proof that Tasmanians do not give the local institutions the support they have a right to expeot, and which it would be to the interest of the colony to accord them. The fact that the Com mercial and National Banks still adhere to the higher rates of interest on deposits will probably have the effect of diverting thereto the stream of coin whioh has, for Borne time paBt, been flowing out of the colonyf at the very time when tbe circu lation of gold is so urgently required in Tasmania. City Polios Ooubt.— Mr H, Whitfeld, J.P., presided at this Court yesterday. Thomas Thompson and Charles Smith, ia the employ ot the ii.O. and T, Company, and Thos Owen respectively, were charged with having driven their ommbusea on the 16th hut., above walking pace, over the interaectlon of St. John and Patterson streets, and were fined £1 and 7a fid costs — Jae. Qui on was brought up, oa remand, charged with having on the 16th last, attend a counterfeit coin purport ing to be a eovereign to the licensee (Mr George Green) of the Hibernia Inn, Bris bane-street. fhe aooused had called tot three glaaaea of beer and received 19a 3d in ohange, and the licensee afierwarda found that the coin was a fraud, and gavo informa tion to the polloe which led te Qoina being arreated. He waa committed to gaol to await his trial at the next sitting of the Criminal Court. Yobk -s tbbet Baptist Cbubch. — The ohoich at York'Street, Launoeston, held a social meeting on Wednesday evening, pre sided over by Pastor White, supported right and left by the newly-elected deacoaa, Mr W, Wade aad Mr John Stephensoa, jun. Not withstanding the wet nigbt about 46 persona were preaent. Music, singing, and speeches of a deep spiritual character sent all who attended the meeting away with a deep solemn feeling of ruiponaibliity to glorify God and do good to tatn. Thore la every appearance of thta oid oburch reviving again alter a L-as season of depression, Fibe\ib St. Johiv4tbce t,— About a quarter past 2 o'clook this jnornisg, analarnr wai rung ont at the central J itat'on, the strokes lndioatiog the conflagration to be in the centre of the city. It was soon dis covered 4 he efeat et the fire waa in th« mining office of Mr H. Turner, In Bfc John s reet. It appears that Mr Oearns and a companion, visitors from Hobart, were passing through fit, John-street, when they notioed a glare In Mr Tuner's office, and sub peottngecmotidngwa* amies hastened to th* tower and raised an alum. Within a very few mlnntee Superintendent SeaneU, Captain Lvell, aad a number of metttieM of the brigade were on the spot, and owing to their energetic efforts the fire waa confined ataoat to the seat ot the outbreak. From appeal* anoea the fire evidently started in the northern comer of the room, in tft Turner's office, and It is aasumed the heat from the burning material caused some picture frames to ignite in the adjoining premises occupied by Mr Holder, but the. damage d^ne there for tunately was very slight. Oreat credit is dae our local brigade for their promptness in taming out at the dead hour of the night, and it is only bare justice to state that Superintendent Bennell and his efficient brigade deserve the hfgheat oommandatlon, The origin of the outbreak so fat ia a mystery, Ttis Dbaibaqb of Ihvebmat.— Acting on the instructions of the sewerage 00m mittee of the City Counotf, the city sur veyor has commenced the work of draining the open ditch on the Invermay-road The ooet, it is understood, will be defrayed by the Oounoil in the first instance, but it 1b believed the Government will require the residents of Invermay to contribute their fair share ot expense, as the nulaanoe 1b solely oaused by the drainage from premlaea within the district, Natubal science Association. — A meeting ot members ot this association was held last evening at the Museum, tbe atten dance being exceptionally large. The Hon. H. 1, Bboke was sleeted chairman. The principal feature of the evening was a paper read by Ool.VineentLeggfcon 41 Ornithology,' which proved both instructive and highly interesting to the members preaent. After the reading of the paper --Ol. Legge ex plained that he had before him a few epeelmena ot birds lent by Mr Thomas Carr, who was unable to be preaent on the occa sion, but he would g'-ve them an idea of tbe class to whioh they belonged. He then fjrpiftitifrfl them to be the wood duck, the New Zealand ahoveller, and the freokled duck, none of which were indigenoaa to this colony. Dr. Maddox proposed a vote of tbftfiira to Col. Legge for the information he had so kindly given, and with a vote of I thanke to the chairman the meeting closed, ' Ar,d »w of Tias,— The accidental ignition , ot a quantity of looee paper in a I small outhouse bouse attaohed to the pre- 1 znisee ocoupled by Mr Bnrbury, Berean- , street, at the back of Windmill HUi, was tbe cause ot an alarm cf fire being rung yester day afternoon, Tbe reels were quickly manned, but tbelt services were not required, as the fire was checked before any damage waa dons. Watch-house. — A young man named Arthur Coward was arrested by Constable Adams last night for atealing eggs from the premises of Alderman B. H. Panton at Inveresk, and will be brought before the Bench at the Police Court thla morning. I The usual weekly mietlug of thla asa relation I waa held in St. Andrew's schoolroom last I evening, when there waa a better attendance I than uma', Mr Alex. Webster ocoupled tbe 1 chair, acd, after the meeting had been opened I in the usual way, Mr W. Webber gave a very I interesting address on 11 Public echools and their enemies.' The oaaayist went into the aubject very exhaustively, prinolpally touoh ing upon sectarian education. After tbe queatlon had been well debated by Messrs. OammluB, Cunningham, and Tyaon, it waa thrown open for general discussion, when Mr J. G. Price Bpoke at some length on the sub ject. A vote of thanks to the chairman con cluded the meeting, St. John's Sunday-school.— A very in teresting aud intellectual entertainment waa given in St, John's Church Sondaycchool room, last evening, in aid of the aehool build ing fund. Owing to counter attractions and the nninvitlng weather tho attendance waa not large, but thoee who were preaent en j oyed the leotnre very much. The aubject waa a pictorial discourse on early ahuroh history, the illustrations being BuppUed by Mr M. D. EaU6, who managed the lantern very skil fully. The Eev. Nugent Kelly gave a graphic acoount of the gradual growth ot the chuioh, aad waa materially aided in his remarka by some splendid views ot old monasteriea, abbeys, and churches, which were thrown upon the oanvas. Thla evening the subject will be continued, when it will take a more modern form, and during the evening the choir will contribute a selected programme of music. The Cbuboh asd the Wobld.— The Preabjteiy of Melbourne North met on Tues day night at Scots' Church, and several per sona attended in the expectation (eays the I Age) that diacosalon would ariaa on tbe queatlon aa to whether tbe Bev. Alexander I Marshall has committed a bieaoh ot church I etiquette In being seen at a theatre. In the I oourae ot a two horns' eeealon, however, no I direct referenoe was made to that toplo Mr Marshall, who appeared to be in remarkably vigorous form, addressed the meeting on a report which was presented by Mr A. Harper on tbe state of religion in the church. Be aald he agreed with another minister who had been a party to Ihe report that the clergy held themselves too much aloof from the oommon affaire of the people, and that con version would be much more eaey were lose adberenoe to form demanded, and if the church were made more flexible. A feature i in the report waa an assertion that many per sons were remaining away from church on account ot the depression. It waa alleged that there waa much poverty, and that many had neither the money nor tbe clothes to en able them to attend church. Mr Marshall aald he regarded the depression as a mere ia oldest in onr career. By a motion carried at the instance of the Bev. Protestor M'Douald, it waa agreed that there waa oanae for grati fication at tbe religious state of the coagre ?;ations aa a whole, and that, notwittatand ng Qvil symptoms reported, the bulk of the people are still in sympathy with Christian teaching. A Chicken Show.— A correspondent, writing to a Southland journal, suggests to the local poultry association that the oom mittoo should inaugurate a oblckeu show, aud he adduces the following reasons The ioturo of any olass of poultry depends on tho firet few mcntha' rearing. If a bird iB neglected at first, and when show time is near at hand the owner goes in for wholesale attention, there cannot possibly be gain or that perfection whioh continued care would cnaure. If a chicken ahow were held annually fcr poultry, et-\, It would create Llr.t interest and attention ro requisite for the proper management of the tribe. In Auckland a chicken show 1b held annually, and the results have been to canea greater in'rreat to be aroneed in the subject coder notice. Long Distance Telephones - The Pari* Figaro , of August 13, m*de the important annout cement that the difficulty of working long diet an 00 teVphsne? under water baa at length been overcome, and it will b^ posaiblc to converao aa easily between Paris and New York aa between Paris and Vereailles. The dieoovery la the achievement of a Frenchman M. Dillot, inspector of telegraphs is Paris The inventor la fully assured of hie su^coaa and haa no doubt hia improved telephone will be is complete working order before the end of September, 1892. Pobtable Eluctkicity. - Railway pae aengera (aaya a London oont9ioporary) have reaecn 10 oe tnanfetai to the Railway Elec trio Beading Lamp Company, who have con trived and fitted on the District Railway a very Ingenloua cleetrio reading lamp, which upon receiving a penny ia the now familiar : alot, will fornlah half an hour'a supply of a three oandle light. Ten thousand of these lamps are now to be installed in the carria«a of the District Railway, and other railway companies are enteriug Into oontracts with the same objeot. The lamp will enable a paa«enger to read hie paper in a good liiht which he can direot a? he likes. It ia to bo hung in the corner of the carriage, and-a ereat matter la these slot oontiivances -it is honett ; for if there be any failure in the supply of electricity, it will return the penny. The lamp is presently llkaly to be of great use. An important meeting of the City Band will be held at 8 o'clook this evening. Mr Bobcrt Wolfe, 0! tbe Hall ot Oow m«arce, Oharlfa^treet, announces he is now holduijr » grand dkplay cf spring and summer 