THE CHRISTIAN:CONVENTION. The concluding meetings of the second annual convention were held yesterday, the day being- devoted to missionary services. At 7 o'clock in the morning a large number of communicants assembled, to partake of the Holy Sacrament of the lord's Supper. The Rev. J. "Watsford presided, and it was esti mated that over 500 persons were present. At the forenoon missionary meeting the .Rev. J. "Watsford, who presided, read a few verses from the 55th chapter of Isaiah. The Rev. J. M'Ueil read a report of what had been done in regard to those who had volunteered attlie previous convention for work in foreign mission fields. Thirty-nine younsr men and women had offered themselves. Of these, 27 were willing to go at once but the way was not opened; two were sent out at once, two others were not accepted, four were accepted and tbe remaining four were accented condi tionally. Correspondence was read from and respecting those who had gone out, and it appeared to be satisfactory. The receipts of the Convention Mission com mittee amounted to £410 lis, and the expenditure to £2-17 12s. Cd, 'leaving a balance of £162 ISs 6d. . The money that had been sent to the Rev. G-. C. Grubb was retained for his own missiouarv purposes,and the Victorian coinmittie had no account of it. The president said that the chief thing for them to do was to devise means of send iug the gospel to heathen lands. The ladies have not been taking an active part in the convention proceedings, but vesterday some who have been in the mission field addressed the meeting. The first was Mrs Warreu, who related some personal experiences. She said that the blessing of God hiuges on im plicit obedience, and pointed out the need of volunteers for the mission field bein" thoroughly conversant with the word (5 God. iliss Diirby spoke of tlie great work waiting for labDrers iu India, and of the power of love over the Hindoo women. The Rev. M'Cartuey, in the course of an elo quent and earnest address, directed attention to the fact that in the book of Psalms the nret part was songs, the second sorrow, and the last praise. He suggested that at next year s convention a special meeting should bo held for children. He said that tliou"li Jesus had the power of the Holy Ghost from His birth, He was baptised with power from on high when with John at the River Jordan. They should take the Bible tbe book . that told of the precious blood of Jesus-to the whole world. In con tusion he urged his hearers to remember that Jesus is coming again. At the afternoon meeting the Rev. J. Watsford again occupied the position of president. The Rev. Amiiiio Bale, a colored minister from Fiji, addressed Oie audience, his remarks being interpreted by theRev. B. Danks. In his remarks he spokp earnestly of the great Joy he experi enced ill a personal knowledge of the love of God. That, he said, might be the last op portunity he should have of addressin" them on earth, but if they met iu Heaven they would never part again. The rBlackie took as the b;isis of his oteervatioiis the inexhaustible' grace Ijocl. He reminded the congregation that whosoever would could drink of the water of life freely, and need never fear that the word of Jesus Christ, who invited everv one to come to Him, would fail. He thought some people were so full of joy on conversion f -- "lt!y sometimes forgot the other rejoic ing over their forsaking their sins.. He reminded thorn tluit God ; the 1'ather, God the Sou, and God the Holy Ghost, rejoiced over tbe return of the prodigal. Iu con i "f.10"' hcuiaue an appeal for laborers to go to the mission fields. When the president asked volunteers for mission work to stand up a large number responded, and signified their willingness to go where the Lord should send them. At the close of the meeting. a number of promises of annual donations were made, iu addition to which- numerous * gifts were presented to the leaders of the convention. Before the time for tbe evening' session arrived, many of the visitors from distant parts had to leave town on the homeward journey. Nevertheless the attendance was large enough to necessitate an overflow meeting beiug held. Though smaller in numbers than on the previous evening! the audiences were'(|uite as. full of enthusiasm, and their singing" was as. spirited 'as ever. The overflow meeting, in .the Presbvterian Church adjacent to the jledhanics1 Institute was led by the Rev. J. "Watsford and. A. R. Edgar, who were assisted by other , rev. gentlemen. TheRev. J. JU'Iveilpresided in the Mechanics' Hall. Ths first part of-the meeting was devoted- to testimonies, and several gentlemen frpoky of personal espeii- I incca of the power of the Holy Ghost to help in times'of need. Afterwards the !Rcv. J. M'Neiland J. Rnss delivered addresses in regard to the missionary ^rork. Darinj the day numerous donations' weiereceived as thankofferings from, many people for .the blessings they had felt during the convention. Many ot the friends when leaving- expressed their sense of gratitude for "the Idndness they had received from the residents of Geelong, and the second Christiau convention will un doubtedly be remembered for a long time as a period of joy and blessing in their experience., j 