Talk with a Diver DANGERS OF THE GALLING 'Fmnot going to tell you about ghosta »nder water, corpses sitting upright in the staterooms of steamers, with books open on. their knees, as if they had been reading when they were drowned, because I haven't seen such. Nor. has any other diver. You can't see anything; in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such storie3 he's not a diver — except that he dives away from the 1 ruth.' ' Is there any skill required in the act of diving — I mean getting down to the object on which you are to work ?' ''No. That is to say, no particular skill, only care. You must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too; sudden. But the art of going down is down. You see, his shoes weieh 201b each. Then he has on bis chest and back weights of 401b each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of duck, with a. layer of rubber between them. To the top part , of the dress a collar of copper is affixed and to this the helmet is firmly screwed after it has been placed over the diver's head. The helmet is large enough to allow a spa.ee of 3 in around the head, and there are three tubes through which the air reaches the interior of the helmet. Before .sunk to the spot he is to reach below. The. life line is tied round his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is pumped into the helmet. The diver goe» down the weighted Hue, the hose and the life line being run out as he descends. Ai he moves about below, those1 a,bove musk regulate the life line and hose, and should be ready to pull him up as soon as they get the signal — a sharp tug at the line. Some people fancy there's a rushing sound, or a noise like thunder, made by the air passing from the hose into the helmet. But that's' nonsense. You don't hear any sound ' except tha Etrokes of the pump.' ?.-?.' ' If those above are watc'uf ul for any danger signal, and, when they get the signal, haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe and sound P' 'Usually not. If a diver is careful about Hislvrork nothing should happen ; but if anything does happen ; it is usually all over with him. A tug on the line means death, especially if he is down deep. The diver does not perish because he is cut off too long from the supply of air, but from the frightful pressure. Take, for instanoe,: the death of Jenkens, in 1878. His hose! burst. They haul«d him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. I don't care to describe hiB appearance. It was harrowing. I 'can, gi you, from an experience of mine, some idea of the pressure. I was at work below, when suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the Jife lice, fortunately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive. But I felt while they were hauling me up as if I had a hydraulic jack on «aoh side of my head. The hose had not burst, and the pump had been working all right, so we were at a loss to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination of the hose. We found a lot of paper balls in ic. I don't know anyone who is an enemy of mine, so in my case a fool must have put the paper balls in the hose. The kind of danger I have just described— that of the stoppage of air and death from pressure — is perhaps the greatest, because a diver can't do anything to avoid it. It is the danger of accident through circumstances beyond his control. 'There i3 another danger, and a very curious one, too, which, for tunately, however, is not often in curred. The dress of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, while his dreBB is being put on, will sometimes show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into the water the delightful coolness I makes you drowsy. Divers actually go to J sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep I but once. I slept a1, the bottom of a creet I soundly for one hour and a half. Now I suppose you had a job that you could work I at only during one hour of slack water, I and on going. below you fell asleep, and I slept over your time. The time would I come with a rush, your hose and rope I would snap, and that would be the end of I you.'-' — Million. I 