OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) THE FLIGHT OP MOPO AND BALEKA. We stopped at the kraal that night, but we could not sleep, for we heard the Itongo, the ghosts of the dead people, moving about and calling each other. It was natural that they should do so : men were looking for their wives, and mothers for their children. But we were afraid that they might be angry with us for being there, so we clung together and trembled in each other's arms. Koos also trembled, and from time to time he howled loudly. But they did not seem to see us, and towards morning their cries grew fainter. When the first light came we rose and picked our way through the dead down to the plain. Now we had an easy road to follow to Chaka's kraal, for there was the spoor of the Impi and of the cattle which they had stolen, and some- times we came to the body of a warrior who had been killed because his wounds prevented him from marching farther. But now I was doubtful whether we would go to Chaka, for after what we had seen I grew afraid lest he should kill us. Still, we had nowhere to turn, so I said that we would walk along till something happened. Now we grew faint with hunger and weariness, and Baleka said that we had been sit down and die, for then there would be no more trouble. So we sat down by a spring. But I did not wish to die yet, though Baleka was right, and it wonld have been well to do so. As we sat, the dog Koos went to a bush that was near, and presently I heard him spring at something and the sound of struggling. I ran to the bush-he had caught hold of a duiker buck, as big as himself, that was asleep in it. Then I drove my spear into the back and shouted for joy, for here was food. When the buck was dead I skinned him, and we took bits of the flesh, washed them in the water, and ate them, for we had no fire to cook them with. It is not nice to eat uncooked flesh, but we were so hungry that we did not mind, and strength came back to us from the food. When we had eaten what we could, we rose and washed ourselves at the spring; but, as we wash- ed, Baleka looked up and gave a cry of fear. For there, on the crest of the hill, about ten spear-throws away, were a party of six armed men, and these men people of my own tribe-children of my father Makedama-who still pursued us to take us or slay us. They saw us- they raised a shout, and began to run. We too sprang up and ran-ran like a buck, for fear had touched our feet. Now, the land lay thus. Before us the ground was open and sloped down to the banks of the White Umfolozi, which twisted through the plain like a great snake. On the other side the ground rose again, and we did not know what was beyond, but we thought that in this direction lay the kraal of Chaka. We ran for the river-where else were we to run? And after us came the warriors. They gained on us; they were strong, and they were angry because they had come so far. Run as we would, still they gained. Now we neared the banks of the river, it was full and wide. Above us the waters ran angrily, breaking into swirls of white where they passed over sunken rocks; below was a rapid, in which none might live ; between the two a deep pool, where the water was quiet but the stream strong. " Ah ! my brother, what shall we do ?" gasped Baleka. " There is this to chose," I answered : perish on the spears of our people or try the river." "Easier to die by water than on iron," she answered. " Good !" I said. " Now may our snakes look towards us and the spirits of our fathers be with us ! At the least we can swim." And I lead her to the head of the pool. We threw away our blankets -everything except an assegai, which I held in my teeth-and we plunged in, wading as far as we could. Now we were up to our breasts ; now we had lost the earth and were swimming towards the middle of the river, the dog Koos leading the way. Then it was that the soldiers appeared upon the bank. " Ah ! little people,'' one cried, "you swim, do you? Well, you will drown ; and if you do not drown we know a ford, and we will catch yon and kill you-yes ! if we run over the edge of the world after you we will catch you." And he hurled an assegai after us, which fell between us like a flash of light. Now we swam hard, and now we were in the current. It swept us downwards, but still we made way, for we could swim well. It was just this : if we could reach the bank before we got into the rapids we were safe ; if not, then-good night ! Now we were near the other side, but, alas ! we were also near the lip of the foaming water. We strained, we strag- gled. Baleka was a braye girl, and she swam bravely ; but the water pushed her down below me, and I could do nothing to help her. I got my foot upon the rock and looked round. There she was, and eight paces from her the broken water boiled. I could not go back. I was too weak, and it seemed that she must perish. But the dog Koos saw. He swam to her barking, then turned round heading for the shore. She grasped him by the tail with her right hand. Then he put out his strength-he was very strong. She too struck with her feet and her left hand, and slowly-very slowly - drew near. Then I stretched ont the handle of my assegai towards her. She caught it with her left hand. Already her feet were over the brink of the rapids, but I pulled and Koos pulled, and we brought her safe into the shallows, and from the shallows to the bank, and there she fell gasping. Now, when the soldiers on the other bank saw that we had crossed, they shouted threats at us, then ran away down the bank. "Arise, Baleka!" I said : "they have gone to seek a ford." "Ah, let me die !" she answered. But I forced her to rise, and after a while her strength came back, and we [The sole right of publication in West Aus- tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] walked on as fast as we could up the long rise. For two hours we walked, or more, till at last we came to the crest of the rise, and there, far away, we saw a large kraal. " Keep heart," I said. " See, there is the kraal of Chaka." "Yes, brother," she answered, "but what waits us there? Death is behind us and before us-we are in the middle of death." Presently we came to a path that ran to the kraal from the ford of the Umfolozi. It was by it that the Impi had travelled. We followed the path till at least we were but half an hour's journey from the kraal. Then we looked back, and lo ! there behind us were the pursurers-five of them--one had been drowned crossing the river. Again we ran, but now we were weak, and they gained upon us. Then once more I thought of the dog. He was fierce and would tear any one on whom I set him. I called him and told him what to do, though I knew that it would be his death. He understood, and flew towards them growling, his hair standing up upon his back. They tried to kill him with spears and kerries, but he jumped round them, biting at them, and kept them back. At last a man hit him, and he sprang up and seized the man by the throat. There he clung, man and dog rolling over and over together, till the end of it was that they both died together. Ah ! he was a dog ! We do not see such dogs nowadays. His father was a Boer hound, the first that came into the country. That dog once killed a leopard all by himself. Well, this was the end of Koos ! Meanwhile, we had been running. Now we were but three hundred paces from the gate of the kraal, and there was some- thing going on inside it ; that we could see from the noise and dust. The four soldiers, leaving the dead dog and the dying man, carne after us swiftly. I saw that they must catch us before we reached the gate, for now Baleka gould go but slowly. Then a thought came into my heart. I had brought her here, I would save her life if I could. Should she reach the kraal without me, Chaka would not kill a girl who was so young and fair. "Run on, Baleka I run on!" I said, dropping behind. Now she was well nigh blind with weariness and terror, and, not seeing my purpose, staggered on towards the gate of the kraal. But I sat down on the veldt to get my breath again, for I was about to fight four men till I was killed. My heart beat and my blood drummed in my ears, but when they drew near and I rose-the assegai in my hand -once more the red cloth seemed to go up and down before my eyes, and all fear left me. The men were running, two and two, with the length of a spear throw between them. But of the first pair one was five or six paces in front of the other. This man shouted out loud aud charged me, shield and spear up. Now, I had no shield-nothing but the assegai; but I was crafty and he was overbold. On he came. I stood waiting for him till he drew back the spear to stab me. Then suddenly I dropped to my knees and thrust upward with all my strength beneath the rim of his shield ; and he also thrust, but over me, his spear only cutting the skin of my shoulder-see ! here is its scar; yes, to this day. And my assegai? Ah ! it went home ; it ran through and through his middle. He rolled over and over on the plain. The dust hid him; only I was now weaponless, for the halt of my spear-it was but a light throwing assegai-broke in two, leaving nothing but a little bit of stick in my hand. And the other one was on me ! He looked tall as a tree above me. I was already dead ; there was no hope for me. Dark- ness opened to swallow me. Then in the darkness I saw a light. I fell on to my hands and knees and flung myself over sideways. My body struck the legs of the man about to stab me, lifting his feet from beneath him. Down he came heavily. Before he had touched the ground I was off it. His spear had fallon from his hand. I stooped, seized it, and as he rose I stabbed him through the back. It was all done in the shake of a leaf, my father. In the shake of a leaf he also was dead. Then I ran, for I had no stomach for the other two ; my valour was gone. About a hundred paces from me Baleka was staggering along with her arms out like one who has drunk too much beer. By the time I caught her she was some forty paces from the gate of the kraal. But then her powers left her altogether. Yes ! there she fell senseless, and I stood by her. And there, too, I should have been slain had not this chanced, for the other two men, having stayed one instant by their dead fellows, came on against me mad with wrath. For at that moment the gate of the kraal opened, and through came a party of soldiers dragging a man by the arms. After them walked a great man, who wore a leopard skin on his shoulders, and was laughing, and with him were five or six ringed councillors, and after them again came a company of warriors. The soldiers saw that killing was going on, and ran up just as the slayers reached us. "Who are you?" they cried, "who dare to kill at the gate of the Elephant's kraal? Here the Elephant kills alone." "We are of the children of Makedama," they answered, "and we follow these evildoers who have done wickedness and murder in our kraal. See ! but now two of us are dead at their hands, and others lie dead along the road. Suffer that we slay them." "Ask that of the Elephant," said the soldiers; "ask too that he suffer you should not be slain." Just then the tall chief saw blood and heard words. He stalked up; and a great man he was to see, though still young in years. For he was taller by a head than any round him, and his chest was big as the chests of two ; his face was fierce and beautiful, and when he was angry his eye flashed like a smitten brand. "Who are these who dare to stir up dust at the gates of my kraal?" he asked frowning. "O Chaka, O Elephant!" answered the captain of the soldiers, throwing him- self to the earth before him, " the men say that there are evildoers and that they pursue them to kill them." "Good!" he answered. "Let them slay the evildoers." "Oh great chief! thanks be to thee, great chief!" said those who sought to slay us. "I hear you," he answered, then spoke once more to the captain. "And when they have slain the evildoers, let them- selves be blinded and turned loose to seek their way home, because they have dared to lift a spear within the Zulu gates. Now praise on, my children!" and he laughed, while the soldiers murmured, "Ou! he is wise, he is great, his justice is bright and terrible like the sun!" But the two men cried out in fear, for this they did not seek. "Cut out their tongues also," said Chaka. "What? shall the land of the Zulus suffer such a noise ? Never ! lest the cattle miscarry. To it, ye black ones ! There lies the girl. She is asleep and helpless. Slay her ! What? you hesitate ! Nay, then, if you will have time for thought, I will give it. Take these men, smear them with honey, and pin them over ant-heaps ; by to-morrow's sun they will know their own minds. But first kill these two hunted jackals," and he pointed to Baleka and myself. " They seem tired and doubtless they long for sleep." Then for the first time I spoke, for the soldiers drew near to slay us. "O Chaka," I cried, "I am Mopo, and this is my sister Baleka." I stopped, and a great shout of laughter went up from all who stood round. "Very well, Mopo and thy sister Baleka," said Chaka, grimly. "Good morning to you, Mopo and Baleka-also, good night!" "O Chaka," I broke in, "I am Mopo son of Makedama of the Langeni tribe. It was I who gave thee a gourd of water many years ago, when we both were little. Then thou badest me come to thee when thou hadst grown great, vowing that thou wouldst protect me and never do me harm. So I have come, bringing my sister with me ; and now, I pray thee, do not eat up the words of long ago." As I spoke, Chaka's face changed, and he listened earnestly, as a man who holds his hand behind his ear. " Those are no lies," he said. " Welcome, Mopo ! Thou shalt be a dog in my hut, and feed from my hand. But of thy sister I said nothing. Why, then, should she not be slain when I swore vengeance against all thy tribe, save thee alone?" "Because she is too fair to slay, O Chief!" I answered, boldly; "also be- cause I love her, and ask her life as a boon!" "Turn the girl over," said Chaka ; and they did so, showing her face. "Again thou speakest no lie, son of Makedama," said the chief. "I grant thee the boon. She also shall lie in my hut, and be of the number of my 'sisters.' Now tell me thy tale, speaking only the truth." So I sat down and told him all. Nor did he grow weary of hearkening. But, when I had done, he said but one thing that he would that the dog Koos had not been killed ; since, if he had still been alive, he would have set him on the hut of my father Makedama, and made him chief over the Langeni. (To be continued.) 