"Whet you hare occasion to say that any person does not tell the truth, Just say that his statements do not inspire deep conviction. It is not strictly accurate, but it is neat, and it answers every purpose. The clerk of the weather turned on the tap in honour of St. Patrick's Day. Sxill the Irishmen had a good day's sport before their spirits were damped by the down pour. Yxsrross to the Exhibition 'grounds on St. Patrick's Day experienced the pleasure (?) of having a collection box poked under their noaes at every corner they turned by girls soliciting money for a new chnrcb. As one of the spectators put it the dodge was off, very much off. There is a time and place for everything, but a sports' ground is not the place for hunting for funds to build & church. hln. Dnms'fi illness is due to fastpoliticallife. A Ministee nowadays must be made of stuff that will wear longer than steel. Sons of the great pugilists of the earth should soon be millionaires. It is not impossible that they will found great families. Sr. Paiuice must have been shocked at some things done in his honour on Thursday week. Thev might have been done for St. George or St. David without offence, for if all that is said of them is true, saints as they are now, they were when in the flesh the chief of The Czar is going to avoid war. Only his own satellites desire war. At the sale of a deceased lawyer's library on Saturday there was a great gathering of the profession. Young limbs of the law were conspicuously numerous, all seemingly eager to put on muscle by feeding on lore. One couldn't refrain from wondering where all the developing limbs are going to tind ex ercise when fully grown. These is a danger manifestly that lawyers will be in excess of litigation, unless some of them disperse over the country. It is the tendency of professional men as of tradesmen to concentrate m towns and tread one on another's heels. 3I*3Iasteh thought the Premier had conferred a signal honour on Maryborough by delivering such a declaration of Ministerial policy at that place on Friday. So think we all. Indeed, if Sir Samuel don't mind, his Brisbane constituents will take umbrage and get jealous. You cannot find a tradesman, agent, broker, auctioneer, or any otber unsalaried species of the genna homo who will own up that ho is making money at the present time. Even* the lawyers, doctors, undertakers, and gravodiggers are complaining of had times. "Who can feel optimistic after this ? Ate, and parsons feel it in lessened collec tions and scarcity of marriage fees. The brigade of disorder made ructions at Grimes's meeting at Taringa on Friday night. Tiiey closed with threo cheers for Glassey and his dearest friends at St. Helena. When the dearest friends hear of it they will feel as if six months had been knocked oif their sentences. Horeor arises upon horror in the "Williams cose. How many floors will have to be rippod up before all his victims are discovered ? What a depth of cunning and breadth of viciousness may lie unsuspected in a single in dividual of the human species. ■ Tee miners' short strike has given a great I jar to the British coal trade. i Tub two outsides of the sandwich have ■ suffered woful damage, coal winners and coal consumers. But the fellows in the middle have grown rich out of the others' losses. If Wilhelm were not an Emperor he would be called a spendthrift. He is a terror at spend ing money. If Dame Humour speaks truth ho has now worked up a political panic, then gone off hunt ing. A nice way of giving the slip to State cares. Deooso, in "Williams's case, should bo read demon. Flood rains in New Sonth IVales on Sunday. Bain in Sydney this month 16£ inches, -within an inch of the fall in '90 which caused greatr floods. The Hawkesbury and Nepean hare gone over their banks. It has been advertised that Max O'Rell will lecture on "America as seen through French Seek without the spectacles America is not very charming; bat through French spectacles! Bah. TanzE-FOuniHS of the Bolimba folk do not appear to bo in earnest about their election. Speak to thorn of some of their candidates and they "roar." The Editor informs Dr. Points that he has received a letter from an esteemed correspondent recommending that the destruction of rabbits be made a matter of prayer. The Doctor says that from his recollections of things in his youth, prayer about rabbits used to be slightly profane. A great deputation going to the Treasurer about frozen meat. "Warm subject just now. Miss vox Tabs el, of Townsville Sunday fame, has parachuted for the lost time. She met the fate of folly in a tree in India. DrKAiOTARD friends in France still going about to play havoc for mischiefs sake. Australian stocks have taken a turn for the bettor. The Treasurer is waiting. "Why don't some of the rich old women propose'{ It is leap year. As soon as the Treasurer announced that Tyson had dumped a tenth of a million at the Treasury the hungry vultures quickly gathered around. But the Treasurer is as deaf as a door nail to all the appeals of needy borrowers. PosxaiA£TBn-GrE5fEii&& XInhack, at Hobart, said "sweeps were ruining* young men." TTtq sweeping newspaper tax Beems likely to ruin some old fellows, who have long straggled hard against f ato. In Victoria past extravagance is leading to proposed injustice. The case must be desperate to need such remedies as the new Government proposes. Ir is better to go slowly when you can, than to pay dearly and suffer sorely when you can not help it. There are thousands of people in Australia at this time who are lamenting their past lack of precaution and judgment. Tub wisdom which comes "after the event" only aggravates the consciousness of past folly. Azl the* men made wealthy by the gold mines of Queensland are slow in coining to the > country's help in the time of need. Up north a man engaged felling wood fell dead. Previously he is said to have fallen into " the horrors." Australian butter, ex Massflia, sold well in London. Tbadees report "Demand limited." Not a bit of it. Money is limited; there's the mb. Plenty of months in Britain parched for want of butter. Mb. Gresley Luein has wisely decided not to contest th&Bulimba; election. XTta chances wero too small for him to run any risks. But did his "labour" friends not back him up ? ■ Iris rumoured thatther preferalimb of tho law to a sprig of literature." What chance is there in Bulimba for any obscure man of any pro fession? It such a well known and wide-viewed man as &. Lukin has no show, will a more obscure man have a ghost of a show ? Was that lire on the Hawthorne Estate on St. Patrick's Day in the evening a result of "an act of God ?" If so, all the more credit to tho New Zea land Insurance Company for their prompt pay ment of the loss. Obesity may be kept down by worry and low living. Dr. P. charges no fee for this prescription. The title of "honourable" is pretty freely applied in the United States. It is by law conferred npon only one man, and that man is the Lieutenant- Governor of Massachusetts. 'Will every politician who does not intend to contest the Bulimba election please announce the fact ? Those Bundaberg farmers1 meetings are so funny to those "who know how they are ar ranged. Mb. Anxeab, who spokcTthe other night at Maryborough, was received with enthusiasm. The Government "whip11 is "one of us" in his electorate. It wus known last week that the meeting would not be exactly as peaceful as a meeting of friendly creditors trying to make a record in passing a debtor through the mill.. But the popularity of J.T.A. and his lung power were counted upon, and not in vain cither. Aid. Ailax is very anxious to introduce the water sewage system in the South Brisbane borough. Tub matter will take some working up before the £70,000 are forthcoming to initiate the scheme. The popular tenor, C. B. Jones, has joined the great array of teachers. Vocal music will have his attention. Boos Mrs. Osborne appears to be in a fair way to suffer capital punishment for that pearl stealing business. Tibed of glory and going back to work. Whitelaw Beid, United States Ambassador in Paris. La oiupte must be cruel; it seized the aged Hiss Florence Nightingale. A sensible littlo girl asked her father to consult with her on what he should givo her for her birthday. "When a man undertakes to prosecute for a malicious prosecution, ho should make quite sure that he has well, a good case. A suggestion was made at tho meeting of the Total Abstinence Society that the members practice a year's self-denial. The suggestion was thai all smokers re nounce their pipes during the next 12 Months. flTnis roused the ire of s gallant Scotchman, who "began to show tho beneficial effects -which, a puff from his favourite halfpenny clay had upon his constitution. The nettling part of the business "was that the mover in thematier of the proposed self denial is a non-smoker. . Soke men believe in their pipes as firmly as they disbelieve in tho intoxicating cup. The weather at Warwick-is 4t bleak and cold." Surely it is the people "who are oold. Coobpaeoo people say they do not want J.BJ3. Well, now,, that is a sign they do want him. The sabjecfc of leprosy is coming up. If leprosy is not contagious, then several persona is an original sort of way are taking it. Tub Hussion "publican," who must also bo a sinner, is flogging poor peasants tomake them paytaxes. The hew Governor of New Zealand wiH early be asked to make an experiment in appointing members to the Legislative Council. BfflVi 7?ac has been ailing. Would it not help the case to say that Bismarck is old ? "VicroniA wants to float one million more of Treasury bills; but it is believed that too financial water of London is not deep enough. Buhmfse have been rough on Britons, but how many times have the Britons been rough on the Burmese? A Cakadiix Treasurer has made a budget speech that was applauded. But, you see, all these speeches are applauded when made. 