LOCAL NEWS. THE DEATH- or Miss STANTON.-At Mrs. Davies' Hotel, High-street, on Tuesday, an inquiry was begun before Mr. Brooks, P.M., coroner, into the circumstances attending the death of the young lady, Elizabeth Jane Annie Stanton, who met with an accident at the Church-street railway station on the previous evening. The injuries terminated fatally, the young lady having expired shortly after midnight on Monday. Drs. R. G. Alcorn and Liddell were in constant attendance on the sufferer. After the evidence of the father, as to the identi- fication of the body, had been taken, the inquiry was adjourned till Monday next. Mr. Thompson appeared on behalf of the friends of the deceased. Deceased was aged 27 years, and a native of Maitland. THE BANQUET THIS EVENING.-The banquet to be held at the School of Arts, West Maitland, this (Thursday) evening, in celebration of the natal day of Ireland's patron saint, promises to be a large and brilliant gathering. At a meeting of the com- mittee held in the Masonic Hall on Tuesday evening (Mr. Michael Murray in the chair), it was resolved to wait upon the Mayor of the town (Mr. R. A. Young), who has already accented the in- vitation of the committee to be present at the banquet, and ask that gentleman if he would be willing to receive the Hon. Daniel O'Connor on his arrival at the Church- street railway station shortly after one o'clock to-day, and arrangements were made to give Mr. O'Connor a suitable reception. We learn that the Mayor haB cordially agreed to the wishes of the committee, and the following programme has bean arranged :-The Hon. Daniel O'Connor, accompanied by one or two members of Parliament, will reach Church-street railway station at eighteen minutes past one o'clock, and be met by the Mayor, Drs. Power and Alcorn and other members of the Committee ; Mr. Thos. Judge's drag and four horses will convey the hon. gentleman to Main's Hotel, where lunch will be taken j and in the afternoon there will be a three or four boura' drive around the district, the probable route being East Maitland, Largs, Woodville, Paterson, and back. The banquet begins at eight o'clock in the evening, when Mr. O'Connor will propose the toast, " The Day we Celebrate," and there cannot be a doubt that the Committee were exceedingly fortu- nate in being able to secure the co- operation of I such an able speaker and great orator as the Hon. Daniel O'Connor. Several songs will be Bung during the evening to the accompaniment of Mr. Chas. A. Tracy, and a feature of the gathering will be the attendance of ladies in the gallery, who will be able to enjoy somewhat the pleasures of the evening. THE HEALTH OF THE PREMISE.-During Monday Mr. Dibbs continued to make progress towards recovery from his somewhat serious indisposition. Although unable to leave his bedroom, where he ÍB attended by Miss Dibbs in the capacity of nurse, he dealt with several matters of urgency in con- nection with the Colonial Secretary's Department. His medical advieer orders continued rest and com- plete abstention from worry of any kind. It is probable that the Premier will not be allowed to return to his place in Parliament during the current week. THE BALBWIN ENGINES.-Mr. F. E. Rogprs, Q.C., Professor Warren, of the Sydney Uni- versity, and Mr. Alex. Brown, of Newcastle, have been appointed a board to inquire into the efficiency or otherwise of the Baldwin engines recently imported from Philadelphia by the New South Wales Railway Commissioners. This inquiry haß been demanded by the Railway Commissioners for tiie refutatioa or confirmation of charges fre- quently made inside and outside of Parliament. PAINFUL ACCIDENT.-John Mudge, a well-known cricketer, who is employed at the Woolscoùring Works, Oakhampton Road, met with a very painful mishap on TueBday forenoon. We understand that Mudge was descending from aloft when he slipped, and a large hook which was hung from the roof entered the man's forearm, inflicting a very severe wound, and assistance had to be rendered Mudge before he could get free. Medical advice had to be obtained. IMPORTED FRUIT.-On Monday afternoon at Par- ramatta, in the presence of Mr. C. B. Cairnes, pre- sident of the Fruitgrowers' Union of New South Wales, Mr. E. Whitaker (secretary), and a number of fruitgrowers, a case of Sicilian lemons, imported direct was opened. The fruit which was separately wrapped in tissue paper, was generally in good condition, only five lemons being unsound. It had wilted a good deal. The lemons were rather coarse, and not equal to the fruit grown in the county of Cumberland, either for size or fineness. The stylo of packing was the chief feature of interest to the local growers, and they were of opinion that all they had to master thoroughly, in order to send better lemons to the home market, was the curing of the fruit. BOXING.-A match between Mick Lynch and Tom Woods, both at present residents of West Maitland, but who are well-known throughout the colony as clever, game men, has been ratified and the pair will meet in the Victoria Theatre on Monday evening for a stake of JE10 a-side in a battle to a finish. The men have been in vigorous training for some time past, and admirers of the noble art may be certain of seeing a slashing good go strictly on its merit?. Boxers from Newcastle and local bruisers will assist to make the entertainment a first-class one. A STRANGE FISH.-Yesterday morning whilst a young man named George Waight was fishing in the river at a spot known as " the cutting," he landed a strange catch. He waB fishing for perch with worms, and was somewhat surprised by catch- ing a small fish somo three and a half inches long bearing some resemblance to a carp but with maay differences. The head was of a very reddish colour and had the usual fins on either side with two smaller ones beneath. The dorsal finB were of a deep bluish ground ornamented with spots close to the back, and the ventral (or posterior) fins were also large. The head was large and blunt, and altogether the little fish was quite unlike the usual denizens of our waters. Mr Waight-who brought the fish to this office for examination-exhibited it also to many enthusiastic disciples of the immortal Walton, but none had the slightest idea as to what species it belonged, and doubtless the capturer will bo glad to show it to anyone who fancies he can rescue it from oblivion. BUSINESS PBOMPTITUDE.-As another instance of the promptitude with which Mr. J. N. Brunker attends to the communications made to him we might mention the following. At the mpeting of the committe of the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association on Monday, the Secretary was instructed to write to various members, asking them to interview the Ministers and obtain a public holiday for Thursday, th'e ?th April, the 6eeond day of the Maitland Show, and also the concession of cheap fares and excursion fares during the continuance of the exhibition. The letters were dispatched on Tuesday,'and would bo received in Sydney yesterday morning During yesterday forenoon Mr. Quinton received a wire from Mr. Brunker as follows :-"Havesucceeded in obtaining all the concessions asked in your letter." THE IRISH NATIONAL CONCERT.-A part of the programme for the celebration of St. Patrick's Day, and one that should prove highly interesting and enjoyable, is the comert to take place in the School of Arta to-morrow (Friday) evening. The pro ! gramme was published in our Saturday's issue, and | the selection of Irish melodies and other national airs is a very good one. Besides a number of lead- ing local lady and gentlemen amateurs, the services of Misa Josephine Deakin, Mr. Percy Shannon, Mr. H. Fletcher, and Mr. W. S. Reay have been secured, I and when we say that the accompanists are Messrs. I Chas. A. Tracey nnd G. F. King, who will have the ' use of Messrs. Kerin and Stevens' grand piano, it is sufficient evidence that the concert should prove to be ono of the best ever held in the town. PATERSON RACES.-Sportsmen would do well to bear in mind that the Paterson Jockny Club has a very nice programme before them for March 26, and we would remind them that nominations must be [ made on Saturday next. I DENMAN RACES.-The Denman Jockey Club has I selected March 29, for its next race meeting, and horseowner8 in the the Denman district could do worse than have a out in for the good things. En- tries are due on Saturday. IMPORTANT SAM OF BUILDING ALLOTMENTS, WB direct attention to the sale, hy Mr. O K. Younj*, on the ground, East Maitland, at two o'clock, to-morrow (Friday) aftsrnoon, of 42 large sized and well-Bituated building allotments on the heights of East Maitland, with frontages to the i Morpeth Road, Thompson, Young, Dixon, and Short streets, and adjoining the residence of Alex. Brown, Esq., Cumberland Hall.' See advertise I ment.-Communicated. NORTHERN JOCKBV CLUB.-At a meeting of the committee of the Northern Jockey Club, held on Monday evening, it was decided to hold a reunion at Rutherford on April 29 and 30, when abont Í30O will be distributed in Btakes. The full programme will be inseried in Saturday's issue. DEATH OF A GEBAT SIBE.-Racing men, breeders, and indeed all lovers of a great horse, will be sorry to learn that the famous thoroughbred sire The Drummer died at Tocal last week, full of years and honours, after having given much service to Mr. Frank Reynolds. The Drummer was bred in Eng- land twenty-six years ago, and was by Rataplan from My Niece, by Cowl from Vanity, by Camel from Vat, etc. ; Kataplan was by the Baron from Pocahontas, by Glencoe from Marpessa, etc. Tho Drummer carried the colours of Mr. G. Jones suc- cessfully on several occasions, and was noted as a very stout horse and good stayer, but he conld only get third to Pretender and Pero Gomez in the Derby of 1869 after a desperate race with those two good horses. Five years later he was imported by Mr. C. Baldwin, and did duty for some seasons at Durham Court, near Tamworth, before he was secured by Mr. Reynolds. In his young days the gall*nt old bay was a model of symmetry and strength, but he aged rapidly of late years and was nearly blind, quito hollow backed and very feeble, as we saw him weaving industriously in his box at Tocal last season. However, his memory is not likely to be soon for- gotten, for at the stud he begot snch excellent per- formers as The Pontiff, winner of the A.J.C. Great Metropolitan Stakes ; Drum Major, winner of Tat- tersalls Cup j Sapphire, winner of the V.R.C. Oaks ; Drummer, winner of the Hawkesbury Handicap, the Wagga Cup, &c.; ; Invermay, winner of the Wagga Cup ; Masquerade, winner of the A.J.C. Metropolitan Stakes ; Favo, winner of the Sydney Cup ¡ Centaur, winner ot the S.T.C. Anni- versary Handicap; Recall, winner of the V.R.C. Bagot Handicap ; Chicago, winner of the Caulfield Cup ¡ as well as such celebrities as The Queen, Milbrodale, Bandmaster, Belle Dame, Timbrel, Morok, Gresford, Lady Baldwiu (dam of Ben Bolt, etc.), Sound (dam of Megaphone), Lady Lovel, Eclipse, and many others known to turf fame. EAST MAITLAND POLICE COURT.-Before Drs. Wright and Alcorn, J's.P., at the East Maitland police court on Tuesday, John Collins, charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Lawes street on the previous day, was sentenced to pay a fine of 5s, in default to be imprisoned for twenty four hours. For assaulting Constable Green in the [ execution of his duty he was mulcted in the penalty of 20s, the alternative being twenty-one days' gaol. There was a third charge against the accused destroying certain wearing apparel. He was directed to pay a fine of Is, in addition to 8s Gd, at which the damage was assessed, in default to be imprisoned for twenty-one days. Constable Green, the apprehending constable, explained that the defendant practically took possession of the 'bu3 stand. Policemen were sent for, and three arrived on the scene, and, owing to the violence of the accused, each had to accompany him all the way to the lockup. THE TUO-OP-WAB.-On Monday evening the tug of-war promoted by Messrs. Ingram and Brown waa continued at the Australian Bunning Ground, when there was an excellent attendance, and a great deal of excitement was manifested. The management was again first-class, but the com- mittee again experienced much difficulty in keep- ing spectators from trespassing on the space allotted to competitors. The first draw brought out Porter's team against the crbmen, and the first-named com- bination Betting to in better fashion than on Satur- day evening, soon had the wieldern of the whip in difficulties, and hauled them up in about three minutes. Then Kessey's team proved too muoh for Church's men after a short struggle, whilst Daly's five were far and away too strong for the men led by Cook. It was thought that the team from the Woolscouring Works would be hard to defeat in tho final, but great surprise was expressed -when they went under to Cummins' men in short order. Then teams captained by Messrs. Lynch and Sivyer took up their position, and a most terrific struggle took place. First one and then the other team would appear to have the upper hand, and the contestants were encouraged by yells, hoots, cheers, improvised fans and embryo baths, but it was not until they had dragged and jerked for an hour and three minutes that Lynoh'a team consented to give up the ghost, and were beaten. A vote of those present was then taken as to whether the remaining contests would be con- tinued, but the crowd was evidently surfeited with the fun, and a postponement was agreed to until last evening, but the competition was unfinished when we went to press. IN SEARCH OP A HOME.-Messrs. G. E. and Wm. Gatps, practical and scientific farmers from Vic- toria, who have had the management of very large eBtateB there, have been in the Manni ng River district for the past month, having travelled overland from Queensland. They have been looking round for a suitable farm on which to erect a cheese and butter factory-for which they have the necessary plant« They would also goin for general farming, on a scien- tific Reale including cotton in their products, and fodder plants for ensilage for dairying purposes. They express much surprise at the primitive system of farming still observed on the river, and the fact that only maize is grown. The ground could be turned to far more profitable use, which would keep the farmers'constantly employed throughout the year, to the great advantage of their banking accounts. The Messrs. Gates are now on the Upper Manning having a look round. They would like to secure a farm of from 100 * to 200 acres, including good agricultural and grazing land. If they do not succeed in obtaining what they require in this respect they will visit other districts PREVENTING FIRES IN THE BUSH.-A gentleman, who is the resident partner on a large pastoral pro- perty in Northern Queensland, sends a southern contemporary the following description of the way thoy manage to prevent disastrous fires, which may be of interest to pastoralists in other localities : " I think if some of the settlers who suffer so much from bush fires will try the plan we have here they will in future have but little serious loss. I am presuming that the country is fairly level and not too heavily timbered. Our country here is all opea downs, and we manage as follows : When the grass is quite green we send out mowing machines and cut tracka two swathes wide and about fifty yards apart We then leave the grass on the ground till perfectly dry, generally about three days (per- haps less if there are maiy sheep in the pad- dock, as they are vory apt to walk along the mown trucks and thus to tread the grass into the ground). When the grass is dry a man fires the mown grass, and then walks along the track drag- ging behind a piece of twisted wire with half-a dozen wiro hoods on its end. The hooks will drag along the burning grass, and, gathering up fresh grass as they move along, will leave a continuous trail of fire behind. One man can thus fire the track as quickly as he can walk along. Having thus got your tracks it only remains ti» burn between them when the grass is dry. In many cases we find that one swathe wide is suf- ficient, though two are safer. We can average with machine and four horses twenty miles of single tracks a day ; if the dow is heavy the machines do not cat well in the early morning. We cut about 1500 miles of mown tracks last year, which re- peatedly stopped big fires and saved us from the fate which befel some of our neighbours of being totally burnt out." WHAT FROHIHITION DOES.-A New York con- temporary quotes a Kansas man on one result o£ Prohibition in hiB State as follows :-" The fact that many people in Prohibition States are using antipyrine as a substitute for alcohol shows how hard it is to make people sober by Act of Legisla- ture. Kansas druggists sell an immense quantity of quinine, as well as bottles of hitters and tonics by the thousand, and Prohibition seems only to succeed in compelling people to change their favourite drink. It is difficult to imagine anyone eating quinine or drinking it in solution for enjoy- ment or from taste, but the habit is a very common one in every large city ¡ and now antipyrine is being taken to in the same way. No one can take large doses of quinine with impunity vory often, and anyone who indulges in the antipyrine habit ia laying up for himself a stock of suffering and debility which.will make life a burden to him." A GHASTLY FIND.-Last week a man cutting timber for the bridge, discovered in a waterhole in a crook about 12 miles from Mundooran, a portion of the remains of a man. Evidently the ill-fated < follow had been dead for years. The feet were still in the boots, which did not appear to have been worn much. Several bones are missing. Constable Lynch removed the remains to the police station at Mundooran. The person who found the honeB had on previous occasions drank water from the pond where the bones were found. _- ' -----^___?__--_--i CONCERT AT EAST MAITLAND. - A concert arranged to aid St. Joseph's Church fund, East Maitland, was hold in the Mechanic's Institute, on Monday evening. The attendance was not large, many seats being empty, but the number of ladies and gentlemen assembled did not in any way represent the number of tickets disposed of. The accompanists were MÍSB French and Mr. H. Benjamin. The last named gentleman rendered a . fine selection on the pianoforte. Then came a humorous selection by Mr. George Kedwell, "Aren't you glad," which was reoeived with much enthus- iasm. Mrs. Bussell had promised to fill the next item on the programme, but was detained by illness. Messrs. E. Davis and W. L, Ross sang in capital style a duet, " Army and Navy." A character study, given by a gentleman amateur convulsed the audience with laughter. Miss Cole- man rendered with much acceptance " Old and Young Marie," and Mr. E. Blair was rewarded hearty applause for his rendering of " Sailor." In the second part Miss French, Miss Coleman, Messrs. W. L. Ross, Patrick, E. C. Davis, James, Jakeman, Squire, Kedwell, and Blair entertained the audience. Metropolitan Hotel, King-street, Sydney, ÍB in the centre of the city, and close to Law Courts, Theatres, and Tramways. 1688 CLEARING-OUT SALE AT WOMBO.-Attention is ?directed to the Bale, by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, at Wombo (the lat» residence of Mr. W. Durham, .deceased), near Warkworth, to-day (Thursday), at twelve o'clock, of household furniture and effects, kitchen and dairy utensils, farming implements, large churn, poultry, sheep, pigs, etc. See adver- tisement.-Communicated. FATAL ACCIDENT TO MR. MAYNE, AT BRANXTON. -Yesterday afternoon the Coroner (Mr. J. N Brooks) received a telegram to the effect that Mr. E. V. C. Mayne, J.P., of Branxton, while out riding had bean thrown from his horse and sustained .serious injuries, which resulted in his death. An inquiry will be holden thiB afternoon. LATER NEWS BY CABLE.-The following messages are taken from the Herald :-London, March 15. A renewal of the trouble in connection with the re- cent rising of Malay miners at Pahang, in the Malay Peninsula, has taken place. The rioters seized a fort, and captured an Australian miner, named Bibby who waa afterwards released.-A Royal Commission has been appointed to inquire into the condition of the London water supply - The Durham coalminers have issued a manifesto disclaiming any responslbility|for the present strike. In consequence of the shortage of coal, the North Eastern Railway Company is taking 200 trains off. The Miners' Federation hos refused to permit the men on strike to pump the mines, and it is feared that many collieries will. be flooded out.-Queen Maria Christina, Regent of Spain, has given a do- nation of 100,000 pesetas (approximately .£4000) to the national fund for the relief of the sufferers by the late disastrous floods in Spain. The Govern- ment has given 400,000 peBBtas (approximately £16,000) to the fund.-It haB transpired that legacies amounting to JE750.000 are due to Queen Victoria and her daughters from the proceeds of the Guelph Fund, which has been returned to the Duke of Cumberland.-In conséquence of the death of the Grand Duke of Hesse, her Majesty the Queen has postponed her departure for Hyôres, in the south of France, until Saturday next. - Russia is building military barracks on the German frontier. This action on the part of RuBsia has given «Be to much uneasiness in Europe. General Gourkn, Military Governor of Warsaw, Poland, re- quested permission from the Czar of Russia, in the event of war, to expel all but 50,000 citizens from Warsaw. The Czar refused to grant the request. The Anarchists in Paris attempted to destroy the Loban Barracks by means of dynamite. The build- ings were much damaged by the explosion.-Lord Hampden (Henry Bouverie William Brand), who was Speaker of the House of Commons from 1872 to 1884, is seriously ill, and hiB condition is regarded as critical. He is in his 78th year.-Later : Lord Hampden is dead. RUST IN WHEAT.-The rust in wheat committee which has just completed a sitting at Adelaide, in its report briefly reviews the work done at the three conferences, and has drawn up a concise list of 17 questions to be put to the farmers. The committee has made certain recommendations to farmers with regard to the general issues affecting the red-ru6t problem, as well as recommending bpecific wheats which the farmers should experiment with as rust escaping or rust-resistant. The committee has recommended the establishment by the Govern- ments of the various colonies of experimental stations for the improvement of varieties of seeds. It affirmed the desirableness of further experiments being made by members of the committee, of which Íit has been arranged to publish interim reports. ?-?- =__=. 