Scenes on the - Rhinex Julian Hawthorne Writes of Cologn» and Bonn. Tho Most Magnificent Specimen qt Gothic Architecture In tho World-Tlio Mntl latlon of a Monte's Corpse and What Carno of It " It was quite dark , long before we renchéri Cologne,, writes Julian Hawthorne; in faot ., it was near-miänight, und nothing could bc seen ts we approached the city bjt light!, gradually multiplying. The groat cathedral was invisible, but when we ttnerged Irum the railway station, behold I there it rose directly over our heads, a mighty cliff ol carven stone ascending to and losing itself in the darkness cf the midnight elsy. U'e gazed and clambered into nur wsgiions and were driven around the Zulichs I'la ts (which contains not only tbs cathedra!, .but the establish ments ol tho various linus which profess to, «ell -the only genuine cologne winer), and through some narrow and i cv ¡CUB streets to. our hotel, situated ubpnt a quarter ot a mile away. After a mouthful ol t-upper lhere was, nothing for the minimi as bed. and to bed we went. Our beds wire of thc familiar Ger man pattern, short and narrow, with a wedge-shaped pillow and a wadded coverlid ; hilt we slept'thc dreamleeB sleep of exhaus tion. The nest mornim; wo took thc train to the, university town bf-Bonn, twenty miles away,, ./ls wc lett Ouloj-'ne und'got out into the plain the vast mass of'thc oitbedral, with its twin, towers, roBO higher and-higher above tbe roots of tbe.surrtmnding ci.ly. until Rtjengtb. the city sunk altogether oiit ôf'alglit and tbe' cathedral alone remained and possessed the horizon. The proportions of Ibid wonderful structure oro ho peifect tlmt it is impomible, while, in its.immediate vioinily, to realise ita enormous dimensions. They are revealed on.y öy. distance, but when they ute revealed they almost surpass cspeotationp. It ie be youd question tbe most muiinifictnt of go'tbir. architecture that the world baB ever scrn - ono of the few urcatious of man that ubi o hitely satisfy tho craven of tile bumnn mini fnr porfeotioti. - ISonii is one of tho prettiest of university towns, willi loflg, shady uvenuep . and handsome villas in tho ouUliirle. The college building», s re of ibo simplest ni chili c I ûrc' The broad Illino, of a yollowibh green hue, linnie« by'on one side, and.a few miles, further up rires the mountain ot the Diacbeiifeif, willi 119 ruined oaetlc cn the summit, ' ; i . . . At the little church on tho bill nrnr Donn there wss a wide view over a broad ¡ind fer tile plain for the roembors of the expedition that visited it. Tho cathedral rose like a distant mountain peali on thc !;.-jii"."n. Tho ll'iino Sowed ihroiifc'li thc liindsenpe in iv Iring curve, and along its him li« crept I h reo ut four regiments i,f hutsiiis. engaged-in sama drill mai reuvrnp. , There ' «ere ut asses ol -olcmds in tho tiley and shadows nnd sunshine tinted aetoi-s the face of lim earth, ' A fresh, »enteily breeze was hlowiug und tho at. umspliere was exhilarating. We descended in tho crypt of tho church, where tho dead monks lay in cc lucia on each side of th« dark and -narrow vault. The flesh had dried and shrivelled upon their bimes. mid their garments had psnly. cruui hled to pieces with nue, hut tbe ? Z|iie»*ion nnd character cl eneli fueowas prr.ru ved, and tim sighs,' elriiiigo to say, waa nut dissgree alilo.. Tbe witheipil fiel H bod un aspect ol profound puiee. Knell Butiro lsy with bin . bai.ds lol dod hoi ona hin t rou ? I. Ono of them, howover, had died of Incl j-m-, and hie un.nih was wida.open, Riving bini .a most bii.pulnr and groterque appearance. There was also a Pt.ory cuinieoied with this indi, .vidual. Ari. Eii,(li»hiiiuu with a mania foi . relieu bail broSe'n il7-û thumb from this body and carried it away, but many years after ward ho bad sent it back with lb» rniuesl ibat ib be restored 10 its proper owner, and adding .(hue...misfortune hud puiaued him over bineo ho'lind committed ißii robbery. Tba ghost Of tho outraged ruonk hud eivén him no rest. So there lies tho thumb on the withered breast, alid ibo letter is pr.eeeivod. in tho arohiveo ol the''church. ' .The.amiahle little''piicst who told ue tbollegeud smiled, ot UH au li« told it u iih a childish pleasure in this coili.-uiatirili of the reality ...of lijo re ligion; It-was a memorable scene-tho dark crypt, lighted only by the lantern in'the bands of our guide, the-dufeky corpses- in thfiîv open collins and .tho silent crowd gating and listening. ."' Boturniog to Bonn na Rot into a rivet otenmer, undor'tliu guidance and by tbe in ' vinuton of thc American Consul nt Ooloiino, a geutlemau who throughout treiUid us with tho utmost .cordiality and attention, 'and. proceeded up .tho river to the Druehentelii. The ruin of "Draohohfels ehowB the umatj.. ! ing-massiveness'with which tho old builder« built. Only a fragment cf tho town romaine, rising straight up. from Ibo vertical lace of the precipice far sixty feet, but so true are tho lines' and BO poncleious the workmanship that it may well eland os it is now fbr an. other thousand yours. Wo olambsrod and rambled over it, und tba photographes took our photographs, and wc mada very merry io the old robber stronghold, where thc noble robbers themselves had been morry centuries before. But .tho hour came whou we must . depart, and. before long wp found ourselves back in Cologne, with thc memory of a day on the Ubina that will never fade away. 