Is There a Hell? Ts Tlvero a Holl, and if so whoro is it ?" Thi was tho'title'of a discourse by tho Rev. Georg Walters in this Unitarian Church, Ilydo Park oh" Sunday evening. Not long ugo, said th lecturer, a niau, would have believed himself ti be pretty .well on the way ; to' hull if he for i moment harbored a doubt as to its cxistoucc Within tho last 25 years* however, many ortho dux churchmen hud given up tho doctrino of tin belief in " boll," or, ut least, modi (Kui theil views on tho mutter. Still there ware mau} people who; though. tboy i did not believe in ghosts, ? were yoi af raid nf thom, and so hull tc many minds hud its tuners. Tho uriliuurj doctrine bf hull, hu considered, was quito distinct from thu question of futuro punishiuoiit. Wu might believe, .that sin was punished in this I world or in tho next without nt nil cuinpromisiiiij i ourselves as tn thu doctrine of " hell fire.'1 But ' did pwipla really believe in the fiery bell ; that 90 out of every 100, including many of their friends, were in iiiiiiiinuufc danger of hoing sont thura I If they did, they would sink into' des p-tir and madness, »nd existence would bu rubbed of every charin with which ¡t is invested. Dr. ilolmuB had said that ii parson who 'really he> liovod in auch a boll might to go tniuj. ' If puóple really believed in such a placo, the world .would not bo .worth living in, nod' would bo .only a low shades morn tolurnblu Hum such ,*HoIl itself. There was thu hereditary." bellef in such ii' doo trine handiid, down from .father. i<*N«oii, and others regarded it ns II n essential foiitniu iiir«-' lirions faith'. 1 Rum.in Ortthnlics founded their belief in ,l toll " ira the teaching nf thc chinch,, mid other denominations on the Bihlo. , In the Old -Toitaiiiont' there was nú ortli"dox belief in bell, but in tho New Testament; thu teaching scumed to bb somewhat contradictory. Lithe Book ol' Révolutions they roiid cit'ii " flory boll." but tiley also read of a " wollum clothed with tho sun," whioh clearly showed'that tho blink was not tn bu road literally, but merely taken in n. fi'.'Urntive sansu'.^- ISyeiï if tlibllliblo- tiiught it mi every pago, ho could not accept such a fearful .dogma--such lili\splieiny-^ai;«in»t thu God nf loyu' and tuei'cy. ; . Tho iii tlindóx 'din roll by such a.diigina ' mudiii, thu riilinito': lioin'i; -: appear us a inon-'te'r nhd'a tyiMÍit. The Bible, wai .«ijnjdy. a collection of bnnkti; or"i jillier n~o-'Unction nf fiM'jmeuts of. ancient li.turn'tu.nyiuiiji thu jjipiiiinns j there expressed "w-re iniMelv /tho individual -.Opinions, nf tho writers:: '- Ho '-'rétus'-d' ti i credit such an., u trimions and diabolic*! scheme, whichL transformed' God 'into a hi.lunns ileiiioii; and, in th« Iiiuiiuiigoof -B ifinii .illi(ïii!>h't " it uns hotter, .tnJutty ii'i;. opinion nf Omi at:iill. than ro huyo ''««n'H iilîworthy «if hiiii." . Pej'sotiiilly, ho'ditl not deny tho' theory of future. punishment, but believed thiit'HVcry lind action curried wit li ir. us punishment, either bi_ ibis world or in the next. .There'.was no"' boll SIIVH that-whicti. euch uñé uiiidt) ; in bis own nature "hy-evil thnuali't. fais» word, or cruel aution. .. Tho: doctriiie'of }« heit," iva's fortunately dying ont, even iii tim orthodox oburch.i.and thc iheart ,of humanity';; revolted against-such .ni vindioti vii Bclieniii nf hideous ro-. . trihntion. ' /No loiígur "theil would 'thVnÀrth be; regarded ns tho iinte-roiim ofhell," but us a i plann of;''|ïro|ià'ratipu: for u '-bettor world tri .opine. -five/ring New*. ; .f . i ' ? ;'v 