i CHAPTER XX . , ' i " Old and shattered and ruined." When Bed wood had received Mhe letter in which Dom informed him of his mother's knowledge of the truth, he had at once hastened to his employers to ask for leave of absence. The permit was given, all th% more readily since the. firm had need of his services in their London establishment. He was bidden, so soon as the urgent private affairs which took him away should be arranged, to enter upon an employment which would cost him" some two months of time. He went to his work sick at heart, but resolute. Life was savorless, flavor- less, without color; Ile did his duty doggedly, in spite of all, and, in the mean- time, an event was preparing whioh set him in a position perhaps unique in the history ot mankind-a position so terrible and strauge, that whilst it lasted it made the sorrows he had already endured seem trivial in comparison. To the amazement of everybody about him, Hetheridge began to mend again. Mind and nerve were alike so blunted that the shock of actual discovery and denuncia- tion came upon him with infinitely less effect than might have been predicted. He had swooned in Mr. Redwood's grasp, and had lain long unconscious, huton his return to a knowledge of the thing around Lim, his medical men discovered to their sur- prise that there had been no second para- lado seizure. He was Bhaken and weakened, and it might be that his re- covery was indefinitely retarded, but the symptoms to be most dreaded were but little aggravated. Sir William Keppell gave it as his opinion that his patient's fall upon the lawn was due to vertigo in- duced by over exertion, and the suburban practitioner respectfully followed in his train. . Hetheridge's mind during; the weeks that followed affords a curious study. He re- membered every thing that had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expected the open denunciation of his crime, but how it had come about that he had been recognised after all that lapse of years he did not guess. He had been washed and dressed day by day by his at- tendants, and had not seen his own image in a glass from the moment when that damning likeness to his old disguise had begun to steal upon him. Had he been in full possession ot his facul- ties, his instinct of caution would have taught him better than to permit himself to return to the similitude of the false Andró Dom, who had murdered Ellice Red- wood's husband. But his thoughts were all clouded and undefined. They had no distinct and definite boundary, and they melted, as it were, one into the other, chancing confusedly, so that; whilst he peered dimly at one idea, he would find himself suddenly! confronted with another which in,no way resembled it, and per- plexed him with the strangeness of its aspect. In a sense, this mental condition was favorable to recovery, for it robbed all his sensations of their poignahoy, and gave his shattered nerves repose. Nothing seemed to matter very muoh to him. The worst had happened already. The un- seen image which had.so lorig haunted him had at last declared itself, and in that instant he had tasted the pains of hell. All the punishment his undetected crime had brought him, the slow years of [unrepentant dread, the'remorseless accusa- tion of the ghost that tracked him¿ had seemed as if gathered into one appalling and overwhelming avalanche of agony. There ore . things for? the expression of .which the human vocabulary is inade- quate, and th^ extremest words af ter ¿ll express no more than averages. >The stupendous force of the blow which struok him, the earthquake rending of the soul with fear in that swift point of time in i which it fell, the hideous and in- stantaneous rout of every vital force within him-all these things are properly inde- scribable. They are outside the realm and 'sway of words, and even the'imagination conceives them feebly. He learned by-and-bye in a dim unin- terested way that he was ruined. That mattered as little as anything and every- thing else to him. The visits of Sir .William Keppell ceased without explana- tion on the side of that expensive physi- cian, or ouriosity of Hetheridge's. When, after a space of five weeks, the walks about the lawn'were resumed, he found that two of his servants had discharged themselves and had taken flight in search ;of an unbroken master. Jessamer came to see him and had an interview in which he '¡set forth the irremediable character' of the crash. Hetheridge heard and understood), and accepted the understanding with an. indifference which looked, astounded to anyone who had not the key to his/mind. All his books and papers were in the hands of a firm of accountants, and his. creditors were awaiting their .report and the sick man's recovery. The failure. had carried ! widespread ruin with it, and a dozen firms had gone down like so many houses of cards. Jessamer was full of it all,, and it possessed him with a sense of importance and personal merit which he had never felt before. Theré had been no such panic in the financial world of London for thé past five y^ars, and Jessamer enjoyed all the dignity pertaining to it, and experienced none of the attendant-pains and penalties. He revelled in a sort of awe-struck exalta- tion, and savored his own importance with a relishing nostril. His employer's indiff- erence had, to Jessamer'w mind, something almost impious in it. He seemed careless of his own dignity. To be the supremest I bankrupt of that .decade and to have no pride in it. (TO BK CONTINUED.) Papar .quilts are coming into general use among the poorer classeR abroad. They are made of sheetB of white paper sewed together, and per- forated all over at a distance of'an inch or two apart. Science comes to the front in the manufacture of grindstones. The best now made are composed of a mixture of pulverised quartz, powdered flint, powdered emery, and rubber. They outwear by many years any natural stone. 