In the Nick of Time. By A. H. MANTON. ——— " HAVE you the means to support a wife ?" was the question which practical old Mr. Worth asked me when I asked him, somewhat over forty years ago, for his daughter Effie. I'd never thought of that, and I'm quite sure Effie hadn't. How to keep the kettle boiling was a problem far too unpoetical to engage the attention of two young people wrapped up in contemplation of each other. But the question only needed to be put to prove its per- tinence. Mr. Worth's fortune was moderate ; mine was nothing. At present, I was barely able to gain my own livelihood. To take a wife under such circumstances, I was at no loss to perceive, would betoken either unpardon- able rashness or an indelicate willingness to pension my- self on another's bounty. My resolution was at once taken. Stammering some thing in reply to Mr. Worth's question, I bowed myself out of his presence and sought his daughter's. " Your father is right," I said to Effie, when I had told her what had passed. " No man has a right to take a woman from her home till he has another to offer her. Till I am prepared to do so, farewell !'' In the gold mines of California, then lately discovered, I toiled and roughed it with the roughest. Fortune, after many frowns, at length began to smile upon me ; and I hoped soon to be able to return and claim, without humiliation, the prize for which, if I had not labored as long, I had at least encountered more of hardship and danger than the young Israelite did to win the choice of his heart. I carefully abstained from corresponding with Effie. To do so before the conditions were fulfilled which I had prescribed to myself I would have looked upon as a breach of faith. Through a friend, however, with whom I occasionally interchanged letters, I learned, in time, that Mr. Worth's affairs had become embarrassed. He had even been forced to borrow money from an unconscionable old usurer on the security of his homestead, and the exacting creditor was threatening to turn him out of doors. I could easily spare the amount necessary to avert such a calamity, but how to do so without wounding the sen- sitiveness of Effie and her father was a question of no small delicacy. I wrote to my friend, inclosing a sum sufficient to buy in the claim against Mr. Worth, with instructions to take a blank assignment of the bond and mortgage and to forward them to my address, every precaution being taken to conceal my name in the transaction. My instructions were complied with, and, in due time, I received the papers ; and, my good fortune continuing, it was not long before I felt that I might present myself to Effie's father, prepared to answer the question which had so disconcerted me at our last meeting. I was on my way from the mines to San Francisco, whence I expected to sail for home by the next steamer, when, one evening, I was overtaken by a stranger riding in the same direction. People do not stop for an introduction under such cir- cumstances. I think if one met his " dearest foe," as Hamlet phrases it, in the heart of a wilderness, old feuds would be forgotten, and a friendly chat would spring up. The interchange of a few questions and answers dis- closed that the stranger's destination and my own were the same, and we agreed to bear each other company. Besides the pleasure of companionship, the stranger sug- gested we should be more secure against an attack from robbers—no uncommon occurrence in that region—than if we travelled singly. It was some miles to the place at which we proposed camping for the night, and darkness had already begun to set in. My companion and I freely exchanged experi- ences. He, like myself, had been a miner, and we both bragged a little of our successes. The subject was an in- teresting one to me. It made me think of Effie, and I had fallen into a reverie when I was aroused by the report of a pistol at my side. I can only remember a sharp sensation of pain, and seeing, as I turned my head, the hand of the assassin— no other than my new companion— extended toward me with the murderous weapon in his grasp. I returned to consciousness to find myself taken care of of by some miners, who had found me and carried me to their tent. It was weeks before I was able to resume my journey, and months before the San Francisco doctor Would permit me to embark on my homeward voyage. My appearance had greatly altered. My face was bronzed by exposure and emaciated by recent illness—to say nothing of the change made in it by a full beard of many months' growth. Few of my old acquaintances, I thought, would re- cognise me. I wondered if Effie would. I meant to take her by surprise, and try the experiment, at any rate. It was evening when I reached my native village. The old innkeeper, whom I had known from boyhood, received me as a stranger. He was an authority on local topics, and I could not forbear putting a few questions touching the matters uppermost in my mind. " Do you know Mr. Worth, who lives here ?" I began. " John Worth ?" None knows him better." " How is he ?" I inquired. "A leetle broke, latterly," the old man answered. " And his daughter, Effie ?" I went on. " A nice gal, Effie—do you know her ?" asked the innkeeper. " Slightly," I replied. " She's agoin' to be married to-morrow," said the host. " You've come to 'tend the weddin', prob'bly." " Married !" I exclaimed, with a start which must have excited the old man's attention, had his eyes been better—" to whom ?" " Well, he's a stranger lately come to these parts—a Mr Garth by name—a man of money, they say. Him and old John patched it up, somehow, between them, they do say Effie was dead ag'in' it at the start. You see it's b'en whispered she'd'd a sort o' likin' for a young chap that went off to Californy ; but Effie's a good, bidable gal, an' obejent to her father." I resolved to be present at that wedding. I do not think I contemplated openly unbraiding Effie, or making a scene ; but a strange fascination possessed me to witness the perfidy of her on whose faith and truth I would, till now, have staked my life. The ceremony, I learned, was to take place in the little church in which I had sat so many Sundays, thinking of Effie's pretty face, and forgetting all about the text and sermon. I followed the crowd as it entered. I could not see Effie's face, but observed that she trembled violently. She and the bridegroom, with their attendants, took their places. The minister advanced to speak the words which were to place an impassable barrier between me and my life's object. A turn of the bridegroom's head enabled me to catch a glimpse of his features. He was the same man who had attempted my life ! However faithless Effie had proved, I could not look on and behold her bound to a fate like that. " This must proceed no further!" I exclaimed, ad- vancing and facing the nuptial pair. The dastardly assassin cowered as though he had seen a ghost. He may have thought me one, for he had left me for dead that night. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 