TOPICS OF THE DAY. Some ro marks wore mndo at the Carlton Cuurt yesterday by Mr Lubnnrd, solici tor, respecting the action uf Detective D. G. O'Dontiell in opposing tho bail uf a mnn who wished to bocomo surety for - ono Charlton, who was found in tho houso iu Madohno street when tho raid was ptado by tho detectives on Tuesday afternoon. Detcotivo O'Don- noil wishes it to bo understood that lie had good and sttffictuut reasons for his objection, und that his action meets with thu approval uf his superior ufficurs. At a mooting of tho Harbor Trust omploycs who received notico of dismissal on the flOth of last month, buc who havo boon reinstated for thrco months longer, it was unanimously derided to accord a sincere votoof thanks to those guntletnou who gavo so tnuoh of their services on that occasion, also for tho ablo manner ut which Mr Oonmuaaioncr Styles, who in troduced tho deputation, hml spoken on boh&lf; of tho men buing retained for Utu (hue asked fur. Dr 0. IT. Molfison yesterday tn&do; a pOftt-murtem examination on thu body of tlio iiowly born child found by tho police . in a tub . uf water iu a homo in Bonvorio ' street, Carlton, Tlio post-mortem showed that tliu child had boon born nlivo. Tho mother, n young womnn nnmod Emms Afford, nt present in tho Women's Hos pital, will bo charged with infanticide. Tho Cock lano ghnnt, of Dr Johnson's timo, is almost exactly paralleled in n enso before the South Melbourno magistrates this wautc. That famous ghost was n sorvant girl, who threw stones and broke windows, .with such magical- dexterity, that nooplo could not oven detect it .while standing beside hor. In South Melbourno precisely tho same trick hus been played off by a llttlo boy ten years old, named Moncrieff, breaking 00 window paiicn, and managing ono evea iu prcacnco of a constable. Deeming, or Doomed to Death, was the title of a play being acted at a Liverpool theatre when the last mail left. AH the real names of tho characters aro given, and next in importance lo the felou is Dolectlvo Cawssy, Of coarse, the imitation Cawsey is a much moro sggrcsstvo personage. Messrs FaroassoQ and Mitchell havo just made an addition to thu business in tho Rialio, Collins street, in the form of an art salon, wherb the remarquo proof and artists' proof of the leading works in tho English nnd Continental exhibitions may be seen. - Arrangements have been made with tho various houses in Kuropo who under take the reproduction of .tncee works, to forward advanced proof to Messrs Fcrgusson and Mitchell, who will re ceive orders which ' colouial connois seurs will havo executed with nearly the same de-patch as thoso rcsl lent tu London. Already a most ititerciiiug col lection is- on vi-sw. nnd shortly thu ro.tnrqtio aud artlsls' proofs of tho mot suuccuful work in tho last Academy exhi bition will bo amongst the tiutnbcr. Some of tlio proofs now exhibited arc out of print, and worth double tbeir original vnlur. Tim Plough, ami etching by Macbeth of F. Walker's picture, and A 'Pastoral Sym phony 'by the oamo ctchcr from G. Mason's work are two admirable examples of art. Contemporary artists aro well represented in the collection, wluab includes proofs by well known '.tellers of tho painting of Millai.i, Ilo.\ I'onhenr. Marcus Stunc, Vincent Colo and others. 'Several American etchings and mezzotints arc included in tho collection, and poo-mis more than utual interct in that they uro the work in mauy instances of the painter. To-nigtit tho tenauts on tho Wcrribee Park Etatu will be entertained at a banquet in tau local HecbauicV Hall, Given by tho pro prietors of thnt proncrtj-, Messrs Andrew Chirosidoandboti. Itha been announced that tenants' , banquets shall henceforth bccoRvenu iiunual institution. The members of the VVyndham Shiro Council, juduasand prizutakcr iu cmiiieution with the plough ing match being held at Wcrribte to-day, nnd prominent visitors at tho match have been invited to the iuuquct. On Saturday, .'Wilt July, at tho Town Hal), M. Ovido'Mnsin, a famous violinist, who, both iu Buropu and America, is ranked with M. Joachim and Madame Norman Nvruda, will make hi first iipp'-arunco in Australia. He has just c'MicltKled a highly successful tour in New Zealand, and ins viait to Melbourne is so short that ho will only bo heard in two concert#. M« Musiii : nccomninicd liy Mndame Taniier-.Mur.ui, a soprauo of uxccp. tioi.nl gift ami attainiiiciitH, and M. Kdouard Scharf, a pianist of tho highlit orrler. Their programmes, na might he expected, niu selected from tlio most famous work of thu great master# of mii#ic. The " conural court" ol the contributors to the Alfred Hospital will bo hold in No. 10 Kw.tii, Melbourne Town Hail, on Friday, 2!)th hint,, at 2 p.m. Wo havo been requested to notify that the Melbourne Ilmmda will meet on Saturday ext, nt Newport railway station, nt 1.30. 