DRYSDALE. (FROM OTTO OWK COBBESFOKDEKTh Satumar. A successful concert was held on Tuesday last In aid of the local football team, which deserves every support and enconragszuent by the vr^y. it having: been successful in nearly all matches this season. The frail was well-filled and most of the Drysdale nobility and blue blood were in attendance. As usual Mr Tvinwella -was the backbone of the entertainment and kept his audience convulsed as long as he remained on the stage. Mrs Havson sang: "with her well known ability, and Mr and Mrs Litchfield rendered the vocal duct " The Wind blows in from the Sea," in a pleasing manner. 3f«s ter "Wakefield's dancing was greatly appre ciated, some of the steps being remarkable for their difficulty and the grace with which they were executed. MrKinsella, supported by 3lr M'Coy, tortured the sides of the audi ence at their pleasure, and two light sketches towards the end of the programme representing the agonies of dentists victims performed in dumb show by Mr Blrrell and Mr Xatciifield.and the agonies of a ghost haunted Airican Christy Minstrel by Messrs Eonsella, Albert and M*Coy sent the audience home in great humor. During the evening the band and members of the Choral Society rendered good assistance towards the general entertainment. The advent of a new reciter styled in the programme " amateur " "was an event to be noted. . This gentleman, -who is a convert of the tragic muse, brought down the house and secured the principal encore of the even in®: by his robust and spirited rendering of Xi The Charge of the light Brigade," with accessories. Talking of bringing down houses the peri patetic th under storm .' -which has recently been located, in the district, has nearly suc ceeded in doing so on several occasions. The atmospheric disturbance in question .went on tour in the provinces a short while a«ro, but finding Drrsdnle a capital locality forx< raising the -wind " it has decided to settle or rather establish itself here for good, and for the last three days it has been under the influence of intoxicating liquors, smd has shocked the residents beyond description.* I A short while ago a resident offered a quantity of two foot wood for sale as very great bargains. The consequence wat that the majority of the remaining inhabitants being of an economical turn of mind laid in large stocks for household purposes. Yet another human being as Dicken's say*, Erect upon two legs, etc./' but of a still jnpre economical turn of mind has been of lafce payipjr nocturnal visits to the aforesaid Inhabitants, and we presume has laid in a larger stock of two foot wood than any of tiieuu The complaints in the township in regard to *hTs act of absent niindn&SB; are loud and frequent, ana persons mar be seen hanging round unlikely corners with certain lenjrths of six foot rupe, and if the sleep w:iker is raptured at some unlucky moment they will flay him ali?e. 