SCacIea, jetr* TALES AROUND THE CAMP-FIRE, No. VI. (Writtenfor the "Advocate.") BT P. E. Q01NN. Now, there is one thing that I wish the readers of these storieB to under, stand—if, indeed, they do not know it already—and that is tnat the Australian is free from anything like provincialisms in pronunciation. Critics from England do certainly say that the native-born Australian is affiioted with a drawl, and a tendenoy to be'riasal in intonation, but that £ hav6iot noticed—being an Australian' myself. The typical Australian, as a rule, uses comparatively pure and grammatical English. The bush has, indeed; what the Frenoh call an art}ot, or slang, of its own, but this consists of a number of new terms, and has <10 relation to provincialism in speech or accetit suoh as distinguish different counties in Ireland and England, And I am of opinion that provincialisms of this oharaoter will never develop here. I could not for the life of me imitate any of these provinoialiams, either English or Irish, and in telling you Barney Burke's story I will tell it as I would tell one of my own. Indeed, though Barney hailed froin G-alway, 1 oould scarcely distinguish his accent from O'Brien's, who was a Dublin man, though, to be sure, the latter's speech was that of a cultivated man. Barney had been a silent but highly attentive listener to the stories whiih have been related. With his hands on Lis knees and his faoe on his hands, he listened, and his quick blue eyes and Bt f0 ng, expressive, homely faoe were played upon by every emotion called forth by the stories of the patties. There is nothing so finely responsive as the Irish faoe. It is a canvas upon which the soul paints. And what a soul! Barney, like every true Irishman, was the microcosm of his raoe. All lightness, humour, wit, and mirth on the surface; underneat h lay those pensive, melancholy characteristics whioli so mark the race. It is the inseparable sadness and sunlight of spirits whioh give the genius of the Irish people its own distinctive and peculiar stamp. Barney's moods were like the ohequer of ^um leaves ,pn the grass when the sun is overhead and a breeze blowing. They changed and interchanged, but were always made of the same material. This is how it impressed me. We filled our pipes and perfumed the pure Btverine, air, and prepared to listen with as muoh oontent as could be extracted from our reBtful sprawl about the biasing logs when Barney announced that Jus story was to be about a ghost. " It won't be a long one, I promise you," he said, "and the ghost won't prove as bad as the banshees of the old sod; God be with that same sod. I was acting as general manager for a Dr. Lancet, and a sharp old blade he waB, up in Gunnedahonoe." There was a twinkle in his eye as he remarked—"I managed his horse and buggy for him for five bob a week and tucker. Not muoh for a manager, was it P But, troth, I throve very well on it. And there was Miss Nanoy Lanoet, the old fellow's daughter, as pretty a little colleen as you oould find outside of Connaught. " Well, one morning I heard the old fellow say to his daughter—; "• Nanoy, it 8 ruined we are.' "' How's that, dad P' asked Nanoy, quickly. "' There's a new dootor coming up tomorrow to take the praotice away from me,' he said. "' Why, how can he do that P You've been here so many years, and have been established so long, and have cured so many people,' (not to mention all you've killed, I oould not help muttering to myself), ' that surely nobody oould take the practice from you, dad.' " 'Ton don t know, my dear, how a new faoe, and a young one, . too, takes with the people, and I'm getting pretty old, too,' he went on. "'Oh, nonsense, you old dear,' she said.'kiasing him, soundly, 'there's nobody half so.clever as you in (all Australia. or in all the whole world, and so this young puppy '11 find out, too, when he come*. It's not honourable for another medical man to come to * place when there's only room for one, and I'll t«U htm so, too, for two pins,'and she 1 tossed her sauoy head like a young filly. Well, m somethmg substantial to leave yon. We 11 have to retrench at Once. There's Barney, for instance. I can get a pony to do Ins work without the ttcker, and you know what a lot that fellow eats.' I was hoemg the garden just outside ..ct, 1 T? W ', and he"d every word. Bad luck to you, stingy old herring L h *\y° u r- . 1 ® aid ay 8 ®"- 'Is ft rm g the blt 1 eat tha * yo areP' „ , ,V J rid of him to-day,' he says, and then the conversation stopped, only I heard Miss Nancy say— "' Po ? r , Barney ; he's a good fellow, and 1 wish we could keep him.' Miss Nancy de ^ f el very * 8 rateful "All the same, I was dismissed that day with a character. The next day young Dr. Irwin arrived and took up his quarters at the Royal Hotel. Strange there's always a Royal Hotel in every town in Australia I ve been to. If there's only one hotel in the town it's bound to be called the Boyal Hotel. " The new dootor was ai likely-looking young fellow, and walked about as if he owned ted the place, looking round for a house to live in. "For there was only one house in the town, and that was haunted. It was an old ruin of a place which nobody would like to live in. Built on piles— because of a kind of marsh it stood on—it looked as if a good puff from a bellows would blow it over. The wood had shrunk and the wind came in at every point. "Worst of all, it was haunted by the ghost of two people who had been murdered there, and the ghost of one suioide. So at night, when the wind howled and the rain fell, the old house on the Marsh was pretty well populated, but not with the kind of company I care about. The next house to it, a couple of hundred yards away, was Dr. Lancet's, and there the township proper commenced. " Well, would you believe it, the new doctor took up nis residence there, as bold as brass.. Seeing me about the hotel, he askeid me if I was ready to take a job, which, of course, I was. "We went to work, and fixed one room up as a study and another as a bedroom. I was to 6leep in the study, for there was no other room fit for a dog to sleep in. In a few days we had the place ready, and then Dr. Irwin sat in his study and smoked, waiting for patients, and I sat on the door smoking and waiting to announce the patients when they came, which they were par tioularly long-winded about. "That was the firBt day. When the night came—it was winter, and a wet one, too—I lit a big blazing fire in the doctor's bedroom. He was a sociable sort of fellow, and as I went to the door and looked in at the cold, dark study, and then wistfully baok at the oosy fire, he said— "' Bring a chair up to the fire, Barney. It's too early for bed, and you oan tell me something about the district.' "I was glad, I tell you, of the invite, and in a minute was snugging it by the fire, and when the dootor brought out a bottle of good stuff I felt that warmth and whiskey would lose half their merit if it were not for the cold weather. " Well, we chatted about a good many things. Of course, I told him all about Dr. Lanoet and Miss Nancy, in whom he was a good deal interested, I fancy, from the first. He didn't appear to think muoh of Dr. Lancet's skill, and he smiled when I told him how the old fellow felt about him coming up to Gunnedah to take his practice away. '"Not to take it away, Barney,' he said,' only to divide it. The old fellow doesn't understand that where one dootor will starve or juBt make a living, two oan flourish. It's the same with lawyers. A town that can't support one will immediately make plenty of work for two. It's just the same instinot that makes them ran horses against each other—a way they have of backing their opinion, you see. In a few months Dr. Lanoet will find the benefit of >my arrival.' " Well, after a while we want to bed. The study was a gloomy little den, and as I lay there I oouldn't help thinking all sorts of things about , the 1 queer instruments in the oases, and the sharp blades, and wondering what sort of work they'd been up to in their time. " Bones, too, of men and women there were. A whole skeleton of each of them, and I kept guessing what sort of people they had belonged to. This sort of thing didn't help m6 to.get to sleep •ay the quicker, you may be sure. "Then the wind kept howling about the room, and the trees outside mating an infernal moaning like a whole troop of ghosts, and the thought of the murders and suioide that had taken place there in the years before made my hair stand on end till I got fairly afraid to close my eyes. "I could hear Dr. Irwin asleep in the next room. The fire had qnite gone out. We hsid covered the study floor, whioh was full of wide cracks, with matting, and it looked quite respectable for the patients whenever they came. Well, when I'd fairly worked myself up into a state of trembling I heard a sharp tearing noise. "I was on the alert in an instant, looking down at the floor. Then my marrow fairly, froze in my bones,.and my blood stopped running at what I saw. " There in the middle of the floor waB sticking up a hand-ra hand of. fire. There it was, a small, womanly hand with a ring on it, tod hand and ring were made of blue fire. I looked at it. in hprror for fully five minutes, afraid to stir, almost to breathe. Then the wind give a horrible shout through the house, and I answered it with a yell that made the bones in the cupboard rattle. The htod disappeared as I yelled, and at the same moment Dr. Irwin came to the door and struck a match. "' What's the matter P' he said. "I was too faint to answer. That made him angry. " * Come, now, you rasoal, what made you sing out like that?' he asked. "' Whiskey,' I moained. "' Whiskey, was itP' he said; 'then you'll have no more.' Then I fainted dead off. I was woke by the taste of the creature going down my throat, and it was so nice that I didn't half like to open my eyes till the glass was taken away. " * Now tell me what frightened you, Barney,' the doctor said in a kinder tone, for he oould see that I had been really frightened. " I told him. "'A fiery hand, you tell me. Well, well, what a fanciful fellow you are. There, go to sleep now, and I'll hear more from you to-morrow. You'll find yourself laughing at this sort of thing in the morning sunlight/ " But, fancy or no fancy, he wouldn't oatch me sleeping in that ghostly place again. '"It's only fit for bones and such things,' I said, 'and I'm a Christian. Why, the next thing will be that I'll wake np and find myself choked by that hand.' "The end of it was that I went to sleep in the doctor's room before the fire. That is, I tried to go to sleep, but I kept dozing and waking up the whole time with a fancy that I would see the blue hand hopping through the study door and over to me to catch me by the throat. " But the doctor, after muttering,' I'll give him a tonio in the morning—nerves out of order—doesn't look like it, though,' was off to sleep in a trice. " In the morning he tackled me about the hand, and tried to make me confess that it was fanoy. "' Now confess, Barney,' he said ' that you were thinking of the bones in the comer and of those murders and things.' •"Sure enough I was,'I admitted; ' I was thinking that a ghpst might oome, and come it did. Of that I'm positive.' "Nothing the doctor oould say would shake me from that. " There was a woman murdered in that plane once, and I told the dootor that it muBt have been her hand. ' And a pretty hand, too, it was,' I said. "Then the doctor sets to and thinks. After awhile he went under the house and I60ked about. "' Searching for bones,' I thought to myself, with a creepy feeling. " Thus, before he w.ent into town he said to meina stern way—'If I hear of your blabbing-about this in the township t I'll, dismiss you at once. Po* a while Voa ean have my room, and I'll taikfe the study. There was never a ghost boni that could frighten me. • "With that he .swings off,and in a little while I sneaked up the town, for I oouldn't stop in that house even,in,the daytime* When I got among aoae of the boys they commenced to tthaff itoe about sleeping in the .haubted house. < I tfisbtostinft to make their hairitsad on endwithwhat rdseen.but I wa» afraid of the doctor; So I Only laughed' a&d; passed the thing off. " As I was going towardshome I saw Mr. Turnip, the lawyer, and my doctor stand and speak to Miss Lancet. Then the old dootor came up. and the rivals wore introduced, and very civil they deemed to each other, bowing and raising their hats, end what not. "Well, then, for about a week the dootor slept in the study, and I slept in the bedroonk, and every morning I looked ait him inquiringly, and he used to Bhake his head and say, laughing'— "' No ghost yet, Barney.' "' Well, yer honour,' I says one morning ,' we've, had only fine weather since that night, and its notorious that spirits don't care about such weather. When we get another stormy night the hand will walk again I' "' Perhaps so, Barney,' he said, laugh- " Well, I could see with half an eye that when MisB Nanoy was aboutthetown, the doctor—my one, of course—was always thereabouts. They seemed pretty friendly, too. . "Then one day, with the cold and wet, the influenza came, and everybody in the town nearly had a touch of it. Somehow it got about that'the young dootor was a great hand at curing it, and dozens of patients came to his study or sent for him, while poor old Lancet was almost deserted. "That night the doctor was out till about ten o'clock, and I was getting nervous. It was a wild night, with screaming wind and driving rain, and as it got later and later I got more and more afraid of the hand. It was just such a night as the one it walked on last time. " When he oame in, with his overooat streaming, blowing his fingers, and stamping his feet, I told him so. "'Perhaps it will come to-night, Barney,' he said, 'but I hope it will postpone its visit. I've had a hard day, and want a good night's rest. It'll be just as heavy to- morrow. This is oapital weather for my business.' And he chuckled. " To be sure, no one had died of the complaint yet, and I don't think he thought the influenza was going to prove as serious a business as it turned out to be in the end. " When we went to bed I lay for a long time listening to the wind, and wondering whether the blue hand would show itself. Once I thought I heard a noise, and then a laugh, in the study, but, as nothing occurred, I went off to sleep. " In the morning, after breakfast, the dootor called me and showed me a ladies' ring with a fine big diamond in it. "' Did you ever see that ring before, Barney ?' says he, handing it to me. "' Truth, and I did, doctor,' I said. ' It's Miss Lancet's.' "'I thought so,' he says, with a chuckle. 'I found this, and I'm going to return it. Come over to Dr. Lancet's with me. I want you to carry some medicine about with me to-day.' "Well, we went over, and I waited ontside the identical window where I was at the beginning of the story, while Dr. Irwin went inside. " In a few minutes I heard him say— "' Good morning, Miss Lanoet; I've brought you back your ring. It's yours, I believe.' " I oould see Miss Nancy take it, and colour like a rose. Then she looked at him and he, looked at her, and they both burst out laughing. "' I've laid the gho$t, I hope,' he said, ''but you must be more careful about going out in such damp weather while this influenza is about' "« Thank you, doctor/ she said; and after chatting pleasantly for a few minutes more they parted, and I never 6aw the doctor look so pleased as when hi came out. When we got home that night he showed me a rent in the matting just Ovet the biggeBt crack in thefloer. 'That's where the hand you saw oame through, Barney,'"he said. "' Perhaps,' I said; ' but what about the fire T /••Ob/ 'he went on, with a laugh, 'thfttWaS phosphorus. Bat there'll be no riioretricks, I think. That ghost was like'all I have ever heard of.' ; " Well, that was the end of the ghost sireenottgh. He didn't think, though, that l knew whose hand it was, but I aid for »U that. ' And when a few months ifterwardsthere' was as pretty a wedding gter ytfuBfcw.'I «n not a nit surprised 8<je the doirtor 4ead 'that same hand! to e altar. And I've no doubt but that JissNamcy thought that a better way of keeping the Gunnndah practice in the ittmily than frightening Dr. Irwin away b jr playing ghost." 