? sir. •i'". > I.IT ,,,•.:,,„ ,.,'1 , ......I ..,.•, . • , .- I li Q ,t. (U WALTER J^ESiKTv \ »3S'„ *"" 1 " ; ;'"'Nip,"'lie'ci-ie'^.• 'paSBiotlBL.tely.. " 'You. drew me ou : you led 'me to believe ..that you cared for me ; 3 r ou eucoura- 4 "'Cau a girl go on as you have done without meaning anything? Does a gii'l ajlow a, man to press lier hand—to keep her hand —without meaning anything? Unless these things mean nothing, you are the most heartless girl in the whole world ; yes—I say the coldest, the most treacherous, tke mostUieartless.", It was evening, and. moonlight, a soft delicious night- in September. The waves lapped gently at their-feet, the warm breeze played upon their faces, the moon shone upon tliein—ail evening wholly unfit for such a royal rage, as this young gentleman—.two and twenty is still young—exhibited. He walked about on'. itlie para.'ie, wliich- was deserted,, except , for this solitary pair, gesticulating, waving liis armsy riiad with the madness of wounded love. She sat on one of the seaside benches, her hands clasped, her head bent. tie went on—ho recalled the (lay when first they met, he reminded her of the many, mauy ways in which she had led him on to believe that she cared for him, he accused her of making him love her in order to laugh at him. When he could find nothing more to say he flung himself upon the bench, but at the other end of it, aud crossed his arms, and dropped his head upon ihem. So that there were two 011 tbe bench : one at either end, aud both with their heads dropped—a pretty picture, iu the moonlight, of a lovers' quarrel. But this was worse thau a lovers' quarrel. It was the end of everything, for the girl was engaged to another man. Sho rose. If he had been looking up he would have seen that there were tears in her eyes, and on lier cheek. " Mr. Ferine," nhe stammered, timidly, " I suppose there is nothing more to say. 1 ain, no doubt, all that yon have called me. I am heartless. 1 have led you on. Well—but 1 did not know—how could 1 tell that you were taking things so seriously ? How can you be so angry just because 1 can't marry you ? One girl is no better than another. There are plenty of girls in the world. I thought you liked me, and 1—but what is the use of talking ? I am heartless aud cold I am treacherous, and vain, and cruel, and—and—won't you shake hands with me once more, Claude, before we part ?" " No, I will never shake hands with you again ; never—never. By Heavens ! nothing that could happen now would ever make me shake hands with you again. 1 hate you, 1 loathe you, 1 shudder at the sight of you, 1 could not forgive you—never. You have ruined uiy life. Shake hands with you .' Who but a heartless and worthless woman could propose such a thing 1" She shivered and shook at his wild words. She could not, as she said, understand the vehemence of the passion that held the man. He was more than half mad, aud she was only half sorry. Forgive the girl. She was only seventeen, just fresh from her governess. She was quite innocent and ignorant. She knew nothing about the reality aud vehemence of passion; she thought that they had been very happy together. Claude, to be sure, was ridiculously fond of taking her hand ; once he kissed hothead to show (he depth of his friendship ; he was such a good companion ; they had hud such a pleasant time; it was a dreadful pity that he should be so angry. Besides, it was not as if she liked the other uiau, who was old and horrid. " Good-bye, then, Claude," she said. " Perhaps, when we meet again, you will be more ready to forgive me. Oh!" she laughed, " it is so silly that a man like you, a great, strong, clever, handsome man, should be so foolish over a girl. Besides, you ought to know that a girl can't-have things -her own way always. Goodbye, Claude, won't you shake hands?" She laid her hand upon his shoulder; iust touched it; turned—and fled. J II. She had not far to go. The villa where she lived was within five minutes' walk. She ran in and found her mother alone in the drawing-room. - " Mv dear." the mother said irritably, "I wish to goodness vou would not run out after dinner. Where have you been 1" " Only into the garden, and to look at the sea.' " There's Sir William in the diningroom still." " Let him stay there, mother- dear. He'll drmk up all the wine and go to sleep, perhaps, and then we shall be rid of him." "Go in, Florence, and bring liirn' out. It isn't good for him, at Ins age, to drmk so much." " Let the servants go," the girls replied, rebellious. "My dear—-your own accepted lover. Have you no right feeling,? Oh! Florence, and when I am so ill, and yon know—I fold you -" 1 A woman should> snot. marry, -her giandfather Ive had more than, enough of him to d y aheady You made me promise to m'auy him Until I do mauy him he ma-y amuse himself JLS oon as ne ai e mamed, I shall fill up all the decanteis, m<L keep them full, and encoiuage lnm to dunk much as ever ho po sibly can" j ' My deal, -are j ou mad ? 1 "Oh no 1 believe ^Lbave only iust come to In} senses i-Tll d ? Htf* ;f v I have been mad JSfoy,rwhen it "is m too late, I am sane Wheji itt i top late—^ hen I Jiave ] st undei tood B 7 what I ha>\ e done' ^ H " Non ense 1 child 1 " t What~"'do "ygu. - luc ld bv being 1 loo l&te;^ i Besides, you aie doing "what eveiysi^ir^doe You laVe?:accepjjed&fche;?Ii B&dPu;&n;^gjjJg man "who can gn e jou a^finej p ition, and 1 giea^yieome,?aTid.JB\eiyl£mdiof s luxury. - ^WJSd, j^rVjcW the di>i"3 f " ted. virtues by the dozen. He was 4lSvt and fatj hisjiair was white; his fac<^ was red ; he had great white.; eyebroWs 'r^he' had. thick lips ; his- ^es- rolldd-unsteadily, aud Ins shoulders lurched ; lie 1 had taken more 5 wine than is good.... for - a sman - of: seventy. '.-.:• *'' H^SSf ' "' He held -out both hands and lurched forwards. " Florenshe," .he said thickly, "let's sit-down together somew here. Letslv-talk, my,dear. ' The girl slipped from the proffered hands and fled from the room. "Whatsh "the matter with the girl 1" said Sir William. III. Out .at sea—all by itself —somewhere about thirty miles from a certain good-sized island in -a certain ocean, there lies another little island —an eyot—a mile long and half a mile broad. It is ; a' ! coral" islet. The coral reef stretches out^alL iouiid it, except iu one or two places wheie the ror.k shelves suddenly, making it possible foi\ ! a' ship to anchor there. Tbe islet is flat, but^ll round it runs a kind of natural'-sea wall, about ten feet high and as many-broad ; behind', it, ou the side which tbe wall protects from the wind, is a little grove of low, stunted trees; the name of which the successive tenants of the islaud have never been curious to ascertain. The area protected by the sea wall, as low as the sea level, was covered all over with long, rank grass. At the north end of the islet a curious round rock, exactly like a. martello tower, but rather higher, rose out of the water, separated from the sea wall by twenty or thirty feet of deep water, dark blue, transparent; sometimes rolling and rushing and tearing at the sides of the rock, sometimes gently lifting the sea-weed that clung to the sides. Round the top of the rock flew, screaming, all the year round, the sea birds. Far away on the horizon, like a blue cloud, one could see land ; it was the larger island to which this place belonged. At the south end was a lighthouse, built just like all lighthouses, with low, white buildings at its foot, and a flitgstaif, and an enclosure, which was a feeble attempt at a Mower garden. Half a mile from the lighthouse, where the sea wall broadened into a wide level space, there was a wooden house of four rooms—dining--room, salon, and two bedrooms. It was a low house, provided with a verandah on either side. The windows had no glass iu them, but thick shutters iu case of hurricanes. There were doors to the rooms, but they were never shut. Nothing was shut, or locked up, or protected. On the inner, or laud, side there was a garden iu which roses — a small red rose —• grew iu quantities, and a few English flowers. The Elephant Creeper, with its immense leaves, clambered up the verandah poles and over the roof. There was a small plot of ground planted with pine apples, and a solitary banana tree stood under the protection of the house, its leaves blown to shreds, its head bowed down. Beyond tbe garden was a collection of three or four huts, where lived the Indian servants aud their families. The residents of this retreat—this secluded earthly paradise—were these Indian servants with their wives and children; tbe three lighthouse men, who messed together; aud the captain, governor, or commander-inchief, who lived ic the house all by himself, because he had no wife or family. Now the remarkable thing about this Island is that, although it is so far from any other inhabited place, and although it is so small, the human occupants number many thousands. Witli the exception ' of the people above-named, these thousands want nothing : neither the light of the day nor the warmth of the suu ; neither food nor drink. They lie side by side under the rank grass, without headstones or even graves to mark their place ; without a register or record of tl)eh 1 departure ; without even coffins! There they lie—sailor soldies, coolies, negroes—forgotten and lost, as much as if they had never been born. And if their work lives after them, nobody knows what that work is. They belong to th6 vast army of the Anonymous. Poor Anonymous ! They do all the -work. They grow our corn and breed our slveep; they make and mend for us ; they build up our lives for us. We never know them, nor thank them, nor thmk of them. AH over the world, they work for their far-off brethren; and when one dies, we know not, because another takes his place. And at the last a: mound of green ffrass, 01 et en nothing but an undistinguished stup of ground ' Here lay, side by side, the Auony mous—thousands of them. Did say they were forgotten ? Not quite they are remembered by .the Indian women who live theie At sunset they and then, children letieat to their huts, and-stay m them rail sunuse next morning They daie not so uch a look out ide the dooi, be: cau e the place 1 covered with white; shivei mg, sheeted ghosts 1 Speak to one of these women she will point" out "to you, -trembling, one—-"two— half a dozen gho t It 1 true that the du.ll eye of the Englishman canee nothing She sees them—dis tingui lies them one fiorn the othei She cm oe them eieiy jiigbt jet he cau ne^er o\eicome hei teuoi • jTJie Governor, 01 Ca.ptai 01 ^ Cow ; nandei m Chief, foi his pail, sees* nothing Ho sleep m hi "house: gnite alone, -with his cat hi dog, ! j vtm3.oVts dffid doois -mde open, and g lia 'no £eai oti-j-vy ghosts llfrjic elt any^Coat, of couLse^he \i oUl3 be surisoufrdo&ttndffleste;^^^ ghi " - " " uui; ut uc^ieais he noijuiub a, aot; oi, you see; and^no doctoi %et> \vas J afiaid of Kbosts^ ^ 1a- changed then- berths - on board for :p.erjnanentv.,lodgings ,..ashor6.. ;y,ou.... understand. The place js a great: cemetery. • It Hes under the hot .iuu,;;ofc,tlie. :.tropic.s,. ..The sky is /al-- Swiysitiliie'•'.tire siin^^-is alwayV'hott ! It' is -.girdled by the sea. It is always sileutj for .the Indian children do.not laugh or shout,'' 4nd : the':"Indian women are too uracil -wed by : the; . presence of the dead tpjwriugler-al- .ways silent, save for the_crying of' the sea-birds oil the rock. There are. no letters, 110 newspapers, no friends, no duties—none, save when a ship: puts iu, and then, for the doctor, furewell rest, farewell sleep^ until the bill of health is clean. Once a fortnight or so; if the weather permits, and if the Communications are open —that is, if there is no ship there— a hoiit ^arrives from the big island witli. -rations, and letters, and supplies. Sometimes'i visitor comes, but not often, because, should an infected ship put in, he would have to stay as long as the ship. A quiet, peaceful, monotonous lif e,for .one who is-'W&ary; of-'the : world,: or for a her-: ; mit; : aiidVas good- as .tlie top of a pillair ; IV. The islet lay all night long in much the same silence which lapped and wrapped it all the day. The water washed musically upon the shore: the light in the lighthouse flashed at intervals — there was no other sign of life. Towards six o'clock in the morning the dark east grew grey; thin, long, white rays shot out across the sky, and then the light began to spread. Before the grey turned to pink, or the pink to crimsou; before there was any glow in the western sky, the man who occupied the bungalow turned out of bed, and came forth to tile verandah clad in the silk pyjamas and the silk jacket, which formed the evening, or dress suit in which he slept. The increasing light showed that he was a young man still, perhaps about thirty—a young man with a strong and resolute face, with a square forehead. He sto-jd under the verandah, watching, as he had done every day for two years and more, the break of day and the sunrise. He drank in the delicious breeze,- cooled by a thousand miles and more of ocean. No one knows the freshness and sweetness of the air until he has so stood in the open and watched the dawn of a day in the tropics. He went back to the house and came out again clad in a rough suit of tweeds and a helmet. His servant was waiting for hini with his morning tea. He drank it, and sallied forth. By this time the shortlived splendour of the East was fast broadening to right and left, until it stretched from pole to pole. Suddenly the sun leaped up, and the colours fled and the splendour vanished. The sky became all over a deep clear blue, and round and about the sun was brightness which no eye but that of a sea-bird can face aud live. The man in the helmet turned to the seashore, and waited briskly along the seawall. Now and then he stepped 'down niion the' white coi-a] sand, picked up a shell, lo'oked^"at ' : itj'' 1 a ! n'd ; threw it away. When he came to the Sea Birds' Rock he sat down and watched it. In the deep water below, sea snakes, red and jpui'ple and green, were playing about; great blue fish rolled lazily rpuhd $ud round the rock; ill: the recesses lurked unseen the great conger "eel, which dreads iRothing bu.t ;the Thing r of long and •horny.tentacles, tbe ourite or squid, the humorous tamr..w,hich bites the bathers in shallow waters all for fun aud miscliief, and with no desire at all to eat. their flesh; and a thousand curious creatures, which this-man, who has trained his eyes by days and days of watching, came here every day to look at. W liile he stood there, the sea birds took 110 manner of notice of him, flying close about him, lighting ou the shore close at hi:,' feet. They were intelligent enough to!kuow that he was only da)ngerous with a gun in his hand. Presently he got up, and continued his walk. • All round the sea wall of the islaud measures three miles. He took this walk every morning and every .evening in the early coolund the late; The rest of the time he spent indoors. . When he got back it was past seven, and the daySvas' growing hot. ; He took'his towels, went, down . to the shore, to a plaee where the coral reef receded, leaving a channel out to the open. The " channel swarmed: with shiirks, bill he batked' -tbere {every: morning, keeping ill the shallop water, while the creatures watched him fiom the depths beyond with longiug eyes. He "\\\oie a pair ; of slippers on account of the . laf,",wTiicht lsaveiy pietty fish ndeed to look at, but he lmks m daik places near., the shoie, and he is too lazy to get out of the way, and. if you put your foot near 1 itn he sticks out his dorsal" fin, which is puckly and poisoned,* and when a man gets that into the sole of his foot, he goes homo and. cuts his leg off, and bah to pietend that he lost it m-action But the laf only chuckles When he had bathed, the Doctor vt ent back to his house and peifoirned some simple addition to his', " toilet That is to say, he wx bed ihe) alt out of hi hair and beaid. — not much el e A to collaL , neol ties bi<ice -waistcoat , black co t , ling 01 ny such gewga-n , the-\ eie not ; wanted on ~thi island N01 -aie; •watches and clocks the e ident go? bj the sun The doctoi got up at; doyl 1 ei\, and took h s •walk as youha^e seen, and his batli He wasi i tlw-n eady I01 liis bieak£ast, aud for 1 s a solid aneal, n -which, fie b_ -fishf J ne-wly^canght ^ thai; j3iommg,j and s jfoimecraiejii nSpal^ait A c;up of jcoffe^cime afteijSwafh-ta .cjgaisiand ai H S ktne^sun was„ 11 gjij ana^liJie giaie-ol Tf |oienom1haiV-.suc'cee ? ded^he r ,cqb'hies Aft'|^heJ s ci^:"^jie t | s au'- outside was hot,. and the •seabreeze had dropped to a; dead calm; and the sun was like a led hot'f 111- nace over his head,, the doctor Icipkecl-' oil his boots, and threw.' off. Tiis boat, lay down ou a grass mat under the, mosquito curtain, and in'stantly feib fast asleep: - About five o'clock ho av.-okc and got up ; the heat of 'the clay' • was^a-v^r.,; he.. :took. a jlong. draught of cold tea, which is tlie juios't refreshing and the coolest drink in the world. The sun was now getting low, and the .air .was..-growing Icooh He put oil his lielmel,. and set off' again to walk round his doiuam. iThis done, he bathed again. 'Thejir he went home as the sun sank, aud the night fell instantly, without; j the intervention of twilight. They, served liini: dinner, which was lilcp his. breakfast, but for .-the additiqn of soine' cutlets'. He took his colrefe, h.e. took- a- -pipe -r^. two,pipes,.slowly, .with book— he took a whiskey and so'da,— and bis' wefjfr'folilBffr Xhave said; that h.e bad. iio. watch.-^.it .hnng.idly ion nail—therefore he. knew not' : the|.ithi?;. but it would veiy bkely be about half past nine. However -that might .•bei hei wa.S:itbe,'ditst:.^C]. ! son--.up; an^ .tbis 1 ghostly island ' of ->:the. 'Anonymous J Dead This Doctov, Captsiu-General and Commandant of Quarantine Island,, was noue other than the young] man who began this .history wit-h a : ro iy royal and a kingly'rage. You think, perhaps, that he had turned hermit in the bitterness of his' wi-ath,j arid for the faults of one simple girlj had 1 resolved 011 tbe life of a solitary. . Nothing of the kind; He. was an army doctor, and he left the service in order to take this very eligible appointment, where one lived jfree, and could spend nothing except a little for claret. He proposed to stay there for a few years in order to; make a little money, by which lie might become a specialist. Thip was' his ambition. As for that • love business, seven years past, he had clean forgotten it, girl and; all. Perhaps there had been other tender passages. Shall a man, wasting in despair, die beause as girl throws him over ? Never! Let him straightway forget her. Let; him tackle his work, let him. put ofj: the business of love—which can always iwait—until lie can approach it! once more in the proper spirit of illusion, and once more fall to worshipping an angel. Y. Neither nature nor civilisation ever designed a man's life to be. spent in monotony. Most.of us have to ;work for our daily bread, which is always an episode, audsoinetim.es a pret% dismal episode, to break and mark the day. One day there came such - a break in the monotonous round p£ the Doctor's life. It came in the shape of a ship. She was .a large stejiiner, and she steamed slowly. _ •! It was early in the morning, before breakfast. The Doctor and ojne .of the lighthouse men stood on the lauding place watching her. • " She's iu quarantine, Doctor,1 sure as. sure," said the. man. . JM >yonder Cholera, more likely. Well; |we ! ll take our chance.' " She's been in bad weather,"] said the Doctor, looking at her through, his glass. • " Look, she's lost her mizeu, and her bows are stove in.. I wonder what's the meaning of' it. She's a transport." She drew.nearer, "Troops! Well, I'd rather i have ; Soldiers tlian coolies." • She >yas a transport. She was full of soldier's, time-expired .men anji' iii yalids gping; home.-:, She-, was bound 'from Calcutta to Portsmouth. ! She had met with a cyclone.; driven put,of , her course and. battered, she was •making/for the nearest' port; jwheii cholera broke out on board. Before nightfall tbe islaud was dotted ->vith white tents; a hospital was i rigged up with theJielp ? of the ship's spars and canvas. The men were..all . ashore, and the Quarantine Doctor with •-.the ,-ship's. doetor-.was bard- • atwork hiiiong tlie cases, and the; inch a i were dropping,in every directioii. • • Among tlie passengers were a dozen ladies and- r so"me children; VThe Doctor gave up his house to thein, .Mid retired'to' a tent, oi-to "the lighthouse, or anywhere jfco: sleep. ' M"uch: isleep could not "be espfected for soineV time to come He saw -the boat land with the ladies -on board- ; he - took nffi jjis hat as they walked past. There were old ladies, middle-aged ladies, young ladies. Well, there always is tliis_ combination. Then .lie' Hv^nt oh; With' his work. But h4 had a,'curious ,se'n sation, as if something of the past had "been revived in his mind. It is^ liowever;-not-anrnncommonvfeelmg; And one of the'ladies changed colour when she saw him p e t v c ^ a S t i I t Then began the struggle for life. the men fell one after tlie other; day aftei daymoie men fell, more men died 1 . The 'two- 'doctors ;,quickly organised theii- stafi The; ship's - officers became::clmicaliCler]is,.soine:of-the ladies became nurses. And the men, tlie lougli soldiei , sat about in their tents, with pale faces, expechu°- Of;: those ladie who w orked tliei e wa j one—a iui e—who ne\ei eemed* weaiy, ne\u w anted 1 est, nevei a ked: foi tebef She wa at-noilJaU dayj and all night jn the ho pit V if he went-out jt wa only to cheei up r the, men out ide The doctoi wa§ but; con ciou *QT hei ^ ork^and of liei pi e I sence, he nevei poketoliei, wh'en he came to the hospital anotliei ami se ecei"\ ed liim, if- -he' ed liei k she? eemed always toj- turn.a.^yT^ 'At a e ti oubjed. time lie* voulS e "ob eivedthis <At time "heVEelt ?agam lii'ngkto^eontidel^Thefe 1 5 noj time 'o i5re-tcf ibl^ foPth^cS^ oiffae fa tlierems n^^pe^o^me fyorst^ f physician^\an^on.ej^vhetEfehii uothing t ^ ceased-;.,t,he.,pest51ence was stayed;. they^ aat/ydown -to count the cost. There had been on board the transport i three hundred and so\;enty-five men, thirty-two oiScers, half: a dozen ladies,, ia few,, children, ,and tlie . ship's ..crew,.: -Twelve officers; itwo -of-the -ladies,. anda liuudred. meni had perished - when; ;the plague abated.. ' , . ,: ,. ,. One of,.yoiii-:; nurses as ill, Doctor."' ",'.'. " Not cholera, .1 do hope." ",No, I bekeve^a.iland .of collapse. She is at the bungalow: itold tbein •I would send you 'ovei-." " I,will go. at: once." He left a few.direotions; and walked over to the house. It:was, he found, the nurse who -h:ul been ' of all the most useful'-aud^tlic most active. She was'.'.now'lying-, hoti'vaiid; feverish,, her .minA'-.wamd«^gjiiindined to ramble in heivtalk. He'laid.' his hand upon lier-terapiesy-'-he^'felt'-^ier- pulse, he looked uponher face; the odd feeling of struck ; liiin again'. "I- don't' Ihinlc it.'^is very much," he s,ud. " A little fever. She may have been in the. sun-;; she; haS : been , worki,ng: .too, bard; her sticn^tb lias given ^ay" He still held lier wnsi I "iClaude,", mui-mnred .the sick girl, : you,are very..cr.uel. I didn't know g-rand a.girl camiot-al-ways have her own way." i:<i c ,£Diien he recognised:her. " Good Heavens ! " he cried, " it is Florence!" "Not always<bave her own way," she repeated. " If I could have my own .way, do you think I would ? " " Florence," he said again, " a,nd I did not even recognise her. Strange!" Another of the ladies, the Colonel's wife,-was standing-beside him. " You know her, Doctor P " "1 knew hei- a" long time, ago— Rome years ago—^before she was married." ' "Harried?^ Florence is uot married. You must be thinking of some one else." "No. This is Florence Verjion, is it not ? Yes. 'Then she was formerly engaged to marry a certain Sir William Duport." " Oh ! I believe there was some talk about an old man who wanted to marry her. But she wouldn't have him. It was just before her mother died! Did you know hei- mother?" " I knew lier mother a little when they were living at Eastbourne. So she-refused the old.man, did she? and has remained unmarried. Curious ! I had almost forgotten her. The sight of her brings back the old days. Well, after she has pulled so gallantly through the cholera, we cannot have her beaten by a little fever. Refused the old man did she ? " In the dead of night he sat watching by the bedside, the Colonel's Wife with bim. ".I had almost forgotten," whispered the lady, "that stqry of the old •bai'Ouet. She told me it once. Her .mother was ill and. anxious about her daughter, because she had next to no- 'thirig, except ah annuity. The old man offered ; lie . was an unpleasant ^ Tvas a line , house: alld; liveryt l)'J.ig ; it -^vab a.'H ai-j-aoged -•Che gk'l.was ^jiite'a cliild, and under stood nothing^ She wis' to'lie sold in: factj to this old person, "who ought to : lvave. been thinking of his latter end, instead of a' pretty-..girl' ' Then: the mother : died suddenly, and the' girl.broke it off. • -She- was a clever girl, and she has been teaching. For the last three: years -she- has been in liidiay.,iipw she;is. gqiughoine under ' my charge: She js a brave, girl, Doc tor, g,nd ;a gpodgirl.v. She has received half a dozenoffers, but sheiias refused' them all. - So I think tliere must be : souiebody at home. "Claude." murmured the : gii'l lyandeiiiig, "I never thought- you frtfuld dare so inucli. If 1 had thought soy I, would uot have encouragcd ' you : >nd,eect; indeed, ! -would not. thought ^rei were , only;: aniusing our. selves.!' Claude is a; pretty name. What s -youi'-ow'nGhi-istiaffin " sked the Golone^wifev.-curiously. It is-^inifactfe-itis Glaude," he re:. - lied;' Mt^hffig^fbu^ih&^^was not noiigli light to see his:hlushes. " Dear mei" said, the Colonel's wife. VI. i • A fey^ days later the patient, able .o sit for a while in-the, shaiie of 'the eraudali, was tying i.D a long cf.ne hair.- Beside her sab the Colonel's i^wtehadi'atirsedvlier1ihrouglit:the: ttack. She was reading aloud to her: uddenly she stopped. " Here comes he doctor/' she said, " and, Florence, ny;dear;diis nameyouknow is-Claude;i . think you' have got something to • alk about ."with" Claude besides the 1 symptoms. ' With these words she laughed, nodded her head, and ran into the salon. tables', jriadc a pretty room to look at Jn the twilight the fragile figure, pale, thin, dressed in white, 'would have lent interest even to a stiangei T the doctoi I uppo e it wa only a; "case" 1 ' He pushed the blinds aide; and tepped in, stiong, big, masterful: You are much bettel, he said-: j u w 11 0011 be able to walk bout Only be caieful foi a few d js It "wa lucky that the attaok comc whe t did, and not a little edi'iei, wlien "we w-eie n the thick of the tiouble, Well, j ou won t w ant ne mUchf longei, I belies e ; « 1 No, thank you,' -she muimu ed* avithout laismg "liei eyes ^ i j 1 '4 I J)3ve^had"no -opportunity^Jh^ aidj^tanding ovei bei, c of elplamingS thati iSally did no£ knon who>"you T s eieJCiss^ei non r iSoui,e>ow, I did% "e^youSlice,4oi I Tya ""thinlin f. thertMgs ,> 3 I!_u]iiK)se y^bu hadt tten^me. ^mho i, Tfcjww not%mtii 1 caned > V hftllf .emembereaJBnt I^enay "ithougii|that%iig ago? you 1had| •'The pointsisiratherwwhether you' . remember. That is of much more . mportance," .-.••..• . ' remember- ; that" you: swove you would never forgive, a: worthlessgirl fwho had l-mned youi-life. Did I ruin you 1 life, Dr Pcrnie ? " 11 e laughed. He could not honestly say that she had. In fact his life, so far; ast-coucerned his. .work, had; gone - on much-about the same. But, then, such ^a mau does 1 not a'ilow love t6 interfere with his career;' " And then you went and threw over the old niau; Florence, why didn't you tell me-that you were going to do that ? you might have told me." • She shook her head. " Until ; you fell into such a rage; and called: me such dreadful names, I did not understand" " Why didn't you tellme, Florence ? " he repeated. She shook her head again. " "Zou were only a- little innocent, ignorant child then," he said, "and could not. understand. I was an tiss and a brute and a.fool not to know." "TtTou said'you-would never forgive me. You said you would never shake hands with me again." " He belfl out his liand. , " Since," be «aid,' "-y011: are: not going to • marry the old man, and since you are not engaged to. anybody else, why—then —in that-case—the old state of things 1 s : sti 11 going on-—-and—and—orende —but if you give n?e your hand, "I shall keep it, mind." " Dear me,".said the Colonel's wife, standing in the doorway. " Do Quarantine Doctors always kiss their patients ? But you told me, doctor, that your Christian name was Claude. Didn't you ? That explains everything-:" The ship, with those of her company whoni the plague had spared, presently steamed away, and, after being repaired, made her way to Portsmouth dockyard. But one of her company stayed behind, and now is Queen or Empress of the Island of which her husband is King, Captain, Commandant, and Governor- General, and Resident Quarantine Doctor. 