A NEW LEAF. * BT Ms M. L. A.BAYRS. '.I am going to turnover anew leaf,' he- said very feebly, his pallid lips wearing just a ghost of a smile. 'Still delirious,' sad thie doctor with professional gravity. 'No,' said the sick man's .wife-she was also his nurse and sole watcher-' Jim is in his right mind when he begins to turn, a new. leaf.' ' Oh, that's a habit of his, is it ? asked the doctor kindly, as if he didn't know what everybody else knew, that poor, weak; shiftless Jim Worthen was always going to do something that he never did at all. 'I've seen it all since rIve been lying sick.' It was Jim's feeble voice now.. * I've been such a worthless, selfish husband to you, Nellie-such an idle, good-for-nothing fellow !' ' No, no, Jim,' protested his wife, crying softly, ' you were always kind to me. It wasn't your fault that things went wrong.' ' Oh, I can see now as I never saw before, how I have wasted the great opportunities of life. But I'll turn over a new leaf-this time I am in earnest without doubt.' He had done it many times. All the fair white leaves of his life he had turned over, and.now the recording angel'had them in his keeping, soiled, blotted; illegible, nothing" to compute from their poor moral arithmetic but the time he had wasted on earth. Hush ! the sickman is talking... Not turning the leaves over now, but backwards, for in his troubled sleep his pale lips move, and he babbles of his boy hood's days- ofa deep still tarn in the woods where the trout leap-a place that he only knows of. His wife smiles. He is dreaming, she says. When he awakes with a start, he looks strangely at them all- - - ' Why-why-where am I? Where is mother?' His faithful wife is forgotten. Another face-one that has been under the graveyard mosses for years -is in his memory now. " ' I thought she was here,' he said, faintly. ' Oh, I remember now. I was sick and dreaming. Let me get up. I want to begin all over again. I have. turned over a new leaf.' 'Yea, dear Jim.' Nellie held his wan white hands in hers. He did not feel the tears that ware softly dropping upon them. 'We'll go home first and visit the old folks. I never took you home; Nellie, and they'll be glad to see us. rye been the prodigal son,' but they'll for I ve me. What was that mother used to read ' In my Father's bouse are many mansions.' There'll be room for me there, for Ire turned over a new -leaf-it's- all white and. clean-a-anew-new leaf- 'Jim, oh, Jim !' His eyes gently closed-ho had turned the new leaf. 