NERVES. (By CIGARETTE,in Otago Witness.) Woe unto the woman afflicted with nerves, for she is born to trouble and sorrow, as the sparks fly upwards! A nervous temperament feels every sensation acutely, be it pain or pleasure, but seeing that joys are rare for some unknown reason and pains plentiful, the nervous soul gets more than its share of suffering. This, unfortunately for us, is an age of nerves. We are all so highly civilized and pay so dearly for it that soon we shall begin to long for the period when " those who have hair and teeth will be regarded as monstrosities." A retrograde movement that robbed us of toothache would no doubt be a great boon; and think what a lot of time would be saved if women had no hair to put in curl papers, and no false plaits to arrange. Most of our maladies are due to an extreme development of nerves. Take neuralgia, for instance, which was almost unknown fifty years ago. People had " tic doloureux," _ toothache, and " vapours," but now there is scarcely an ache or pain we suffer from which is not attributed to neuralgia. Then there is " inscmnia," [ another nervous malady, and *' hysteria," which is not altogether an imaginary | one. j Bnt all these things are the price we have to pay for civilisation and high intellectual development. It is only bucolic stupidity that gets off scot free; for nerves always accompany intellect, and keenness of observation means also acute susceptibilities. How is it some people can listen unmoved to crying babies organ grinders, five-finger exercises, and other maddening things? It is simply because they have no nerves. Others, on the contrary, are made miserable by a superfluity of nerves, A rattling window keeps them awake all night; a sudden knock at the door ! makes them start; they tremble at fireworks and thunder, and faint at the sight of blood. Nerves such as these are constitutional. Familiarity with the cause of rdarm does not dissipate it, and no amount of reasoning will dispel the fears of constitutionally nervous folks. Nerves are like antipathies—no one can be held accountable for them, and when once there they cannot be eradicated. A person afraid of spiders is as unreasonable as a person afraid of ghosts. In both cases the fear is part oftheir nature. Bnt although nerves are constitutional, and often inherited, the more we give way to them the greater is the mastery they obtain over us. Those possessed of nervous temperaments should therefore exercise to the utmost self-control,- if they would prevent themselves from becoming counted among those objectionable persons known as "victims to nerves." A woman "made up of nerves" is a trial to herself and all around her. She is excitable, hysterical, and restless. She cannot settle to read, sew, or write, but has the same irritating influence in a room as a bluebottle buzzing on a window pane. She is constantly poking the fire, rattling the fireirons, crumpling the newspaper, or dusting the room—anything but sitting still, for women made up of nerves cannot be quiet. But nerves are not wholly confined to the gentler sex. Men have their share too, and a man who has more than his share is greatly to be pitjed. He is not a pleasant companion by any means, but is full of fidgety ways, and when he marries his wife is not tu be envied. The children are not allowed to ci-y because of papa's nerves; they must not play because "papa cannot stand a noise;" they must never slam a door, whistle a tune, or jump oS the stairs, or any of those things which children delight in, because "papa must not be worried"; and th6 house is turned into a prison instead of a home, and all because of one man's nerves. But between bucolic stupidity and a superfluity of nerves there is a happy medium, which is hit by those whose strength of will is sufficient to overcome, or rather keep in check, a highly nervous organisation. Determination and self-control, combined with a nervous temperament, results in a fine character. Napoleon's definition of a brave man was, "He who fears the danger and yet faeea A sedentary life has a great deal to do S S t e S d S i : become irritable and nervoSs, while those who live an outdoor life never suffer from the hun- . dred and one maladies that nerves engender. ' Who ever heard of a nervous sailor or an hysterical farmer' But schoolmasters, music teachers, and literary people are proverbially Sunshine iid "fresh aiT^ tetter remedies for nerves" than all the pdls and powders in the world ; but dozing, tea drinking, late hours, and confinement to the house are sure to result in nerves. Girls who would rather lie on their beds and read novels on a sunny afternoon than go for a good walk are certain to grow np into weak nervous women, and however great intellectual pleasures may be, they will sever make up for the happiness which perfect health gives, and which when once lost all the gold of an Eldorado cannot buy back again. 