(From Our Exchanges.) ASYLUM OR SCAFFOLD. The much-talked-of application for the postponement of the trial of Williams, the Windsor murderer, was to be made on Thursday last before his Honor Mr Justice Hodges. All the world sithin hail of the Supreme Court buildings appeared to be amsreo of the fact, and evinced a desire to be present at the application. The streets and thoroughfares leading up to the court were crowded with persons curious to see the principal figure in the great criminal drama of the day-the man who had com mitted murders in two hemispheres, and whom it was sought by his legal friends to protect from the consequence of his crime on the prrounds of insanity. The excitement at the inquest, when it was merely sought to identify him with the perpetrator of the. Androw.street tragedy, was small compared with that shown this morning, when it was known that an array of legal and medical talent would be brought to bear upon the prosecution to get a postponement of the trial. All the approaches to the Supreme Court building were guarded, and the minute precautions taken to keep out tire crowd were none too many, as the crowd outside was enormous, and even those armed with the necessary permit from the sheriff were only able to obtain admission with the greatest diflloulty. Once inside the build ing all the trouble was not over, and the would-be witness of the prisoner had to run tt o gauntlet of the police, who were stationed at every corner of the corridors. Dr. Springthorpe declared that further time was necessary to determine the ques tion of the prisoner's sanity. It was desirable to enquire into his family history, and to determine whether the statements made by him were true or false-to what extent they are hallucinations. The pri Eoner says that he was in an asylum when he was 12 years of age, and again before he Was 1 years of age, when he escaped; and was afterwards sent to the House of Correction for tearing up his clothes in the street. He had scars on his head which needed further examination, and which are affected by a very serious disease. The prisoner, tells a strange story about his dead mother and the influence she has had upon his life. He says that ever since lie was "16 years of age his mother has been with him, and every morning at two o'clock wakes him up and speaks to him. What does he say that his mother said to him ?-He said she had been inciting him to kill; that if ever lie had a lady friend lihe was to kill'her. IF HE, HAD A WIFE HE WAS TO I fLL HER. This they found out piecemeal. His mother had been everlastingly, pestering lihisn'and'he' had been obliged to leave Africa:because: he was pestered to'kill his wife. He says that on his mother's ghost's account he sent his wife home twice in order to get asway from the dreadful illu. sion. His mother told him to kill his wife, and bury her in a mine. His mother also told him to change his name, because by doing so he would escape from the influence of the evil promptings. He.utterly denies the' murder of his wife. The doctor said there were weighty reasons in favour of an adjournmeot, an opinion in which Dr. Fishbourne concurred. The judge, however, refused the application; and . Mr Lyle intimated that le would communicate with the Executive direct. 