ARCHBISHOP KENRIGK. Celebration of his Episcopal Golden Jubilee. The venerable Archbishop of St. Louis is the first American prelate to celebrate his golden jubilee. Only two other prelates have attained a like distinction during the present century. They are the late Pope Pius IX., of happy memory, and Archbishop McHale, of Tuam. Arch bishop Ryan, of Philadelphia, preached the jubilee sermon, and spoke in eulogistic terms to Archbishop Kenrick's many virtues. He referred to the Archbishop's action at the (Ecumenical Council, where he was one of the eighty-eight prelates who voted non-placet when the scheme of infallibility was submitted to the Council. Archbishop Ryan said :— To great piety the Archbishop of St. Louis united great fortitude. An im pression is not uncommon that people of piety are more or less weak and yielding of character. Of course, there is no just reason for such a conclusion. Some of the strongest characters in the history of our race have been among the men of greatest piety. Amongst them was the great warrior king after whom this Cathedral and city are named. They whose motives are perfectly pure and disinterested, who act for God alone and are superior to human respect, ought to be strong and brave. So that piety tends to fortify rather than to weaken. The piety of the Archbishop of St. LouiB was ever such. His courage was Bhown on several occasions during the Civil War. His absolute refusal to take the test oath as a condi tion for permission to preach the Word of God and for other sacred functions, which oath he believed to be unconstitu tional, and which the Supreme Court of the United States afterwards declared to be so, and his command to his clergy not to take it, great as were the penalties, showed a fortitude that few in those try ing days possessed. Another instance of his courage was his action at the Vatican Council in regard to the definition of the Infallibility of the Pope, and his subse quent submission to that dogma. Whilst j is was an undefined doctrine he believed it as such, but also beleved that this definition would be injurious to religion ; because, amongst other reasons, the | doctrine waB almost certain to be mis understood by many non-Catholics, j Cardinal Cullen, in the Council Chamber, | undertook to reply to his argument before he knew their author, simply, Bis Emi nence stated, because of their being the strongest arguments on the opposite side. One of the leading prelates, now a Cardinal, enquired of Archbishop McCloakey, of New York, the character of this strange, bold prelate of St. Louis. " I told him," said Archbishop McOloskey to me, " that he was a man of great virtue and great learning, to whom the American Bishops for thirty years had looked up to as a model. The Archbishop of St. LouiB always realised his position as a Christian Bishop, as one of those " whom the Holy Ghost had appointed to rule the Church of God." He had sworn obedience to the Boman Pontiff, and waB ever loyal; but he remembered the clause of his oath. " Without prejudice to my order" as a Bishop, he ever had a consciousness of his official dignity and the courage of his convictions. An observant Protestant i gentleman of this city once said:—" I believe that as a man Archbishojp Kenrick would polish one's boots, but as a bishop ! he is as proud as Ambrose before Theodosius." When , the doctrine was defined he submitted fully to that definition. I remember, well his return | to St. Louis after the OounoiL As most of \ you recollect, a splendid public reception wee prepared for him, and I was honored by an appointment to prepare and read an address from the priests and people to their ret qrhed Father.. I had hot heard . from h>m .of his submission to tjie Vatican decjree, but l wrote the address as if; he ] had , submitted, as l felt confident he,, wbiiid do. However, before trading the ; prepared document, I consulted him on the previous evening. I represented that prieBtB and people, Catholics and Protes tant, looked with deepest interest to what he should say of the Vatican decree, and that it was impossible for me not to allude to it in my address. I shall never forget how, raising his eyeB and hand to Heaven, he simply Baid " The authority of the Church above all things, and I follow it." On the next morning before an immense congregation of priests and people in St. John's Church, of this city, I read the address and announced the fact of his adherence to the decree in these words :— 44 With heartfelt gratitude we hail your submission to this Church authority. By us it was, of course, expected; for we know too well that your great learning and exalted position had in nothing diminished your humility. By those outside the Church, who know you personally, or by character, this submis sion must be productive of most serious thought and salutary effect. No man has ever dared to accuse you of moral cowardice. No one can think that in having sacrificed personal interest and, perhapB, somewhat pained life-long friends by your course ; after a life, too, of Buch unswerving adherence to prin ciple ; that now, in the evening of your days, you would belie the record of that life by submission from any other motive than the deep conviction that God speaks through His Church, and it is man's greatest glory to obey her voice. Here must thinking people behold the secret of Catholic unity, the principle of ecclesiastical authority, and the con serving power of an infallible Church." I quote that portion of the Archbishop's reply which refers to the dogma. 44 With regard to that portion of the address that refers to my course in the Vatican Coun cil, I will state briefly the motives of my action and the motives of my entire and unreserved submission to the definition emanating from that authority. Hp to the very period of the assembling of that Council I had held as a theological opinion what that Council has decreed to be an article of Christian faith ; and yet I waB opposed, most strongly opposed, to the definition. I knew that the miscon ception of its real character would be an obstacle in the way of the diffusion of Catholic truth. At least I thought so. I feared in certain parts of Europe, especially, that such a definition might lead to the danger of schism in the Church ; and on more closely examining the question itself, in its intrinsic evidence, I was not convinced of the con clusiveness of the arguments by which it was sustained, or of its compatibility with certain well ascertained facts of ecclesias tical history which rose up strongly before my mind. These were the motives of my opposition. The motive of my submission is simply and singly the authority of the Catholic Church. This submission is a most reasonable obedience, because of the necessity of obeying and following an authority established by God ; and the guaranty of our Divine Saviour's per petual assistance is in itself evidence, and cannot be gainsaid by one who professes to recognise Jesus Christ as his Saviour and his God. Simply and singly on that authority I yield obedience and full and unreserved submission to the definition, concerning the character of which there can be no doubt as emanating from the Council, and subsequently accepted by the greater part even of those who were in the minority on that occasion In yielding this submission I say to the Church, in the words of Peter and of Paul, 4 To whom, O Holy Mother, shall we go, but to thee ? Thou hast the words of eternal life, and we have believed and have known that thou art the Pillar and the Ground of Truth.' " This Bolemn public declaration is sufficient, and coming from such a man as the Archbishop, no one Bhould dare to question it. Speaking of hitn and hi* action at the Vatican Council and his submission, Cardinal Manning Baid to me in Rome, eight years ago :—44 No two persons could be more opposed than the Archbishop of St. Louis and myself at the Council, but I am thoroughly convinced that he is a great priest and a great man." The Mikado of Japan has guaranteed protection to the new Catholic Hierarchy of that country. The Nestobians.—There is a marked movement towards the Catholic Church among the Nestorians of Eastern Asia. A deputation of their clergy has had fre quent conferences on the subject with the Catholic Chaldean Patriarch at Mosul, and it has already been agreed that Catholic BchoolB are to be opened in several of the Nestorian villages. There are also numerous conversions among, the schismatic Armenians of Asia Minor. In completing its first year of publica tion, the South African Catholic Magar zine, which is ably edited at Cape Town by the Rev. F. C. Colbe, D P., Bays :— " We have not attained perfection. We have not always pleased everybody. But we continue to count our subscribers on four; fingers, and ,we have steadily paid pur way. We have earned ,the respect of our contemporaries, andwp have .received, an unanimous message of encouragement frpm. the Bishops assembled at Port; Elizabeth." Catholic Truth Society.—A branch of the Catholic Truth Society has lately been established at Ottawa under the immediate patronage of His Grace the Archbishop of that city. The President is the Hon. Sir J. Thompson, Q C., Minister of Justice. Mr. W. L. Scott is the secretary, and there is an influential committee. Many Catholics of pro minence have already become members. A distinguished American Protestant clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Wilkinson, says, after having spent some months studying Borne and. Roman institutions :—" There iB no allusion more absurd," he observes, " than that which is firmly held by many persons that education is sure to lessen the power of this branch of the Church. In literature, in art, in sculpture, in architecture, in music, in science, and in letters, for a thousand years, the members of this Church held power which was almost absolute. And to-day it probably has 200 000,000 members of its com munion, 8,000,000 of whom are fellow citizens on these shores." A Well-Merited Rebuke.—An estim able Catholic woman lately lost her husband by death. He was a good easy going man, but derelict in his Catholic duties. Being ill the doctor was called in, pronounced the case hopeless, adding he still had some weeks of life. The priest was summoned and had the con solation of preparing him for death. Within twenty-four hours of the priest's departure he suddenly died. The doctor was astounded at the news, and severely reprimanded the good wife for what he called injudicious zeal, saying she had shortened her husband's life a week. With dignity the bereaved wi'e replied : " Stop, sir, if I have shortened my husband's life a week on this wretched earth, 1 tljank God I have gained him an eternity of happiness in the better life." The doctor, who, by the way, was a Catholic, humbly apologised, and in truth learned a lesson for the balance of his days. A Catholic Press Convention —The Convention of the .^postulate of the Press, which, as we have already stated, is to be held in the Feast of the Epiphany, in New York, is to be carried out with the assistance of the Paulist Fathers. This is a good augury of success. Twenty-five years ago, a Paulist, the late Father Hecker, entered into this move ment with something of the enthusiasm which our own Father Ignatius Spencer threw into his labors for the conversion of England. Since then the Paulist community has been a powerful centre of literary influence. The Fathers are, therefore, well qualified, together with the Archbishop of New York, to tender words of counsel to the Catholic pressmen who will meet at the Convention. Within the last fifteen years the American Catholic press has made immense strides, whilst great Catholic events, such as the Jubilee of Archbishop Kenrick, are treated by the secular press with remark able fulness and knowledge. But, though they have reason to be satisfied with the work that is being done, the Catholic members of the Fourth Estate beyond the Atlantic ever keep " Forward " before them as their motto, and we have no doubt that the coming Convention will be a landmark on the path of progress. Where the Jesuits are really to be Found. — Protestant bigots are con tinually looking for Jesuits in all sorts of mysterious disguises. If they wish really to find Jesuits and know what manner of men they are, let them go where there is danger and sickneBB, and where suffering souls are crying out for aid. Then their search will not be in vain. A typical Jesuit, Rev. John James Duffo, of New Orleans, has just been celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of his entrance into the Society, and the papers record that he has in various places braved thirteen epidemics of yellow fever, ministering to the stricken with the heroism of a martyr. In 1853, when the yellow fever broke out at New Orleans, and when out of a population of 50,000 some 15,000 were swept away in a few weeks, the mission of visiting the suffering and dying de volved on Father Duffo alone, all the other priestB of the city being laid down with the fever. Then his kindly figure could be seen everywhere, in the mansions of the rich, in the hovels of the poor, comforting the sick and the destitute, whispering wordB of consolation to the doomed, and burying the dead. For five monthB he ministered alone to the sick of the city. Night and day he was at the post of duty, eating when he could, and sleeping in a small cot at the entrance to the Jesuit's house, so that he could always be within sound of the voice of woe. Such are the works of mercy and love in which the Jesuits are engaged. Thk family letters of General Sherman, published by his daughter in The Cosmo politan, present a touching picture of that great commander sitting down amidst the horrors and fatigues of the Civil War to write words of tenderness and affection to his children at home. In one letter to his little daughter he says :—" Modesty is the most beautiful feature in a young girl, but should not degenerate into, bashfulneas. Think yourself sb good bb any, but never think yourself better than the poorest child of alL" 